PALMISTRY AND SIMIAN LINES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PALMISTRY AND SIMIAN LINES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



One of my readers wanted me to post on SIMIAN lines.

23 years ago, my class mate invited me to his house for a joyous occasion-- his first baby. 

I saw the new born's feet and saw a long furrow from heel exiting between the big toe and 2nd toe. This prompted me to open out the baby's clenched fists and I noticed simian lines on both palms . 



I said nothing-- but I whispered to my wife that  the baby will have Down's Syndrome. Seeing our grim faces, our hosts were wondering what happened. 

So i said " I have a terrible head ache!" excused ourselves and left. On the way back in the car my wife broke the silence  "How can you be so sure?". 

I replied " The consciousness field does NOT lie . Just wait and see! I am surprised, as my friend is brilliant-- how could he be so naive ". 

Today my friend is one of the best Down Syndrome doctors in India. He has his own council to help out unfortunate parents.

My mother-in-law had narrated a very interesting palmistry episode.  

A gypsy woman ( Korathi ) came to their ancestral home when she was a small child , and saw the palm of her dark brother . She said that one day this boy will be so rich and famous that his own sisters will have to take appointment to see him. 

She put a clause -- this boy will NOT have children. 

The whole day the 5 sisters and the elder brother made fun of this boy. 

The family was rich , they were hand loom textile exporters , in competition with the British rulers and they were the first home to have a car and telephone in Kannur city. The elder son was fair , handsome and popular while the younger brother was a bit ugly, dark and was the proverbial Okhie from Muskohee.  

To cut a long story short, the prediction came true. 

The elder brother was disinherited as he married a Christian girl, against his father's express wish. The whole family business and fortune went to the black sheep younger brother. And he did NOT have children--and he adopted . 


When he invited his niece ( my wife ) and me for a get together after our wedding in his house, I noticed that the IG of Police, the District Collector and several powerful people were there, behaving like minions.

Is it coincidence?  I dont think so.



Palmistry as 7000 year old Vedic Indian origins. A Irish con man by the name of  William John Warner ( Cheiro ) came to India and stayed in the outhouse of my colleague's grandfather , a Saraswat Brahmin for two years and learnt the art. He then went back and made a fortune in the West.  

His poor understanding of the science which he projected in his books has literally sunk this Vedic science involving the morphogenetic consciousness field.

The father of medicine Charaka , used palmistry for diagnosis. The palm lines are rivers of energy, moving through various glands and areas of consciousness. Each main line has an elementary quality, which reflects a particular form of energetic current within a person.

There are very few competent palmists nowdays--most of them are pretenders and charlatans. Morphogenetic fields help to differentiate cells and form biological systems. Every line of the palm is etched by this field while the baby is in the mother's womb based on past karma and karmic inheritance .

Morphogenetic fields are not material, but are more like biological blueprints giving birth to various forms. They carry encoded organizational information. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms. 

All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. 



Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .


This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus. 

Stupid Newton pushed consciousness into the realm of religion and mysticism. Scientists who wanted to factor consciousness in were chucked out of the scientific community and the peer reviewed magazines controlled by free masons made them pariahs. 

With the advent of quantum science we now know what great injustice was done. The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable. 



Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. In the quantum world there are no causes. Matter is NOT a inert substance. It is conscious and active. Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean..

Monkeys have only one crease in their palm, hence the term Simian line. Very few people have such a line on both hands. 

If you have such a line only on one hand, you don't fall in the Simian line category. 

Approximately 4% of Caucasians and 13% of all Asians have it on at least one hand. If the Simian Line is found on the right hand only,  physical desires can get out of control.  60% of people who have simian lines on both hands have Down's syndrome.

We have a separate heart and head line on our palms. When they merge together and run as a single line , it is called a simian line. 

When a person has it on both the palms and is NOT a Down Syndrome victim-- he must understand that he has a special condition where his emotional mental and emotional energies work together.

Simian type is not necessarily a negative trait.  But usually such people tend to be a law unto themselves.They find it hard to distinguish right from wrong.

It is usually difficult for a person with a Simian line to balance their emotions with logic.

This person is driven by instinct and belief,  and may be capable of extreme reactions. Many serial killers and sociopaths have simian lines on both hands.They have great tenacity of purpose and love hard work

If the simian line is set low on the hand, is indicates strong emotional compulsions that overrides common sense . If it is set higher on the hand, the person is  more able to reason with himself  and can therefore behave with greater objectivity.

People with Simian Lines are filled with restless energy. There are no half measures with them and they give everything a full blooded shot with full gusto and drive..  It is a bit difficult  to manipulate him as his beliefs are strong and hence he will stick to his guns. 

They can be unpredictable. They find it hard to form deep relationships with others. They do not care for social niceties and  popularity medals. They are loyal and expect loyalty in return. These people are survivors in the original sense.

They are intense people and totally dedicated to their purpose. Their ability to focus on a  creative project is awesome. They are usually extremists with extreme tempers and always have an under current of uneasiness within them.  

When it comes to passion, feelings can get out of perspective because emotional reactions can swamp and overwhelm reasoning. Such people must marry docile and understanding women. People with this line can find some aspects of relating to others problematic. 

They will not easily adhere to the usual norms of society.   In extreme cases, they will be completely ruled by passions and instincts and the law of the jungle will apply, hence the name given to the line. They tend to think in absolutes and to be very focused on what interests them to the exclusion of other important factors. 



Simian line people find it difficult to lead a  balanced life.  They focus entirely on either their work or their relationship, or on something else in a lop sided manner. They hold on to old resentments and then explode in a tantrum or floods of tears. 

Such people can be very obstinate. The  single-mindedness such people possess can diverted to  sporting activities, and in a creative field that requires little input from others. They tend to be emotionally and psychologically closed people, socially awkward, with one-track minds . 

Religious fanatics and criminals also have disproportionately high numbers of simian lines, as per statistics.  Their intense focus can blind them to the feelings of others.
   
British PM had simian lines on both his palms,no wonder Britain spend 1800 English pounds of tax payer money for his cosmetics from 1999 to 2005.  Even vain women do NOT spend so much.



They often become activists and champions of lost causes. They will carry out their agenda heedless of the resistance met . When they make a change, they do it immediately and the change is usually huge, callous to human suffering. .

They have only right or wrong and nothing in between. Black and white thinking with no space for grey is dangerous for a political leader. 

People with this line fight twice as hard. If these tunnel visioned perfectionists are brain washed and manipulated to positions of power by rich vested moneybag Big Brother-- only God can save this planet!

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
THE KASHMIR CONFLICT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE KASHMIR DISPUTE , BRIEF HISTORY OF KASHMIR CRISIS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Level headed reasoning  -- Our rivers come from Kashmir ( see above picture ) -- we are NOT stupid to give it up now .  These are OUR rivers since time began.. APNA ICH  MAAL HAI !  

Mount Kailash , the abode of Lord Shiva has always been part of India since eternity.  Today, after British rule a Hindu has to take a visa from Communist China to see the mountain. 

Today all TV s are showing footage of two Indian soldiers who were captured , tortured and mutilated by the Pakistan army, inside the LOC of Indian side of Kashmir.

This is an added tally to the Kashmir conflict deaths.

1000 years ago there were NIL Muslims in Kashmir. The word Kashmir is an ancient Sanskrit word which literally means Land of Kashyap Rishi. 

Kashyap Rishi was a Saraswat Brahmin and one of the Saptarshis, who was key in formalizing the ancient Historical Vedic Religion.  The Hindu Kashmiri Pandits are his descendants and have named the valley after him, in his honour

Few years ago, History Channel showed a frozen pass in the Himalayas , where thousands of civilian men , women and children with no weapons on them lay dead huddled together in a small area.  Their bodies were intact due to the cold and they appeared frozen in time, almost in a deep sleep, ready to get up after a good rest.

The commentator said that it appears that these people died about 500 years ago, and they had no dang clue how this happened.

This is what happens when History Channel does NOT know history. 

These were the frozen bodies of Kashmiri Pandits who were persecuted during the rule of Sikandar Butshikan 600 years ago. He was an ethnic cleanser who was the first to be guilty of a holocaust.

This 7th Muslim king of Kashmir , Sikandar Butshikan , was the most cruel of all the Muslim rulers who invaded India. He was the the second Sultan of the Swati Afghan Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir 1389–1413 AD. His cousins were ruling Afghanistan and the Western part of Pakistan. They had been ruling Kabul lagmant and Swat in 1190–1520, and are known as Jahangiri dynasty in history.





Below -- Marthanda temple if intact would have been the most fabulous structure on the planet today-- even more beautiful than Taj mahal. 




It took his soldiers 13 months to destroy the glorious 3100 year old Marthanda Sun Temple of Kashmir--such was its amazing strength with huge interlocking stones.. 



I would like you to go to Google EARTH and zoom in on the site of The Martanda temple (coordinates Lat 33°44′44″N Long 75°13′13″E)  nine kilometres east-north-east of Anantnag district headquarters.






Above is a black and white photo of this magnificent temple ,  taken in 1868 by John Burke.



The Golden Temple of Amritsar below is modeled after this temple.




This cruel Muslim king authorised his soldiers to rape dead Hindu women who took poison to escape capture. He had already banned all Hindus in Kashmir from cremating their dead bodies. 

For a Hindu cremation after death is a must to prevent the soul being trapped on earth. 

Punch into google search RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

He banned dance, drama, music and iconography as aesthetic activities of the Hindus and fiated them as heretical and un-Islamic.  He forbade the Hindus to apply a tilak mark on their foreheads. He did not permit them to pray and worship, blow a conch shell or toll a bell.  A heavy Jizya (tax) equal to 4 tolas of silver was imposed on the Hindus.



All temples were destroyed . A huge tax was imposed on Hindus . If a Hindu was caught in a Muslim dress to escape capture, he would be tortured most severely. 

His policy towards Hindus was -- convert or die. 


As has happened time and again in Indian History it was a Sufi saint Sayyid Mir Ali Hamdani , along with 700 Sayyids, his followers , who came to Kashmir in 1393 and drove a wide and deep wedge between the majority Hindus and minority Muslims. And as usual these Sufi saints do propaganda that they were told to do all this by Allah himself at Mecca. 

The Muslim king Sultan Qutubudin was under his spell and he ordered him to impose the following sanctions on non-Muslims,as per Allah’s will :

The Hindus will not construct any new temples under the rule of Muslims.
They will not repair old temples fallen into ruins.
They will respect Muslims.
They will not dress like Muslims.
They will not ride a horse with saddle and bridle.
They will not put on a ring on their fingers.
They will not carry swords or bows and arrows.
They will not adopt Muslim names.
They will not harbour spies or act as spies.
If any relation of theirs wants to embrace Islam, they will not oppose it.
If a Muslim comes to attend a Hindu meeting he will be respectfully received.
They will receive Muslim travelers into their houses & provide them hospitality.
They will not prevent Muslim travelers from staying in their temples & shrines.
They will not mourn their dead loudly.
They will not buy Muslim slaves.
They will not build houses in neighbourhood of Muslims.
They will not sell intoxicating drinks.
They will not carry their dead near the grave-yards of Muslims.
They will not openly practice their customs and usages among Muslims.
They will not give up their traditional dress so that they can be distinguished from Muslims.



But it was this Sufi saint Sayyid Mir Ali Hamadani's  son Mir Mohammed Hamdani , who worked with the cruel Sikandar Butshikan, to enforce these fiats and more to make life traumatic for the Kashmiri Pandits. 

His heart filled with bigotry and hate,  Sayyid Mir Ali Hamdani son, openly preached extermination of Hindu religion from the soil of the Kashmir so that Islam may flourish and get unshakably entrenched in their place, as per Allah’s decree.  


Their sacred Hindu books were thrown into the Dal Lake by Sikandar Butshikan . The Pandits numbering over one lakh ( 100 000 ) were drowned in the Dal Lake by holding their heads underwater and then they were burned in a heap at a spot in the vicinity of Rainawari in Srinagar City known as Bhatta Mazar beyond present day Jogilanker. 

The waters of the placid Dal Lake holds all these morbid memories. 



’Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing and transmitting information. Water in everything we eat or drink carry with it a subtle informational content that imparts a "memory" into our "water body."  Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction between water and consciousness. 

Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds, chemicals and even human emotions. Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes The memory is stored in clusters of H20 molecules that are formed when several molecules join together. 

This is the reason why tourists after boating at Srinagar Dal Lake get sleepless nights and nightmares.



The exodus was now triggered. Unable to bear the trauma there was a mass  exodus of the Kashmiri Pandits from their  homes and lands where their ancestors had stayed for thousands of years, via the Smithian pass and Batote .

Almost all the old mosques of Kashmir are built using stones from destroyed Hindu temples.


Sikandar Butshikan personally supervised destruction of huge glorious temples, he got a kick out of this.  I guess the real reason is that he did NOT trust his own generals to truthfully declare the amount of gold they got from the temple underground vaults—as it had happened at the Marthanda temple . 

This caused a remarkable incident .  

After a temple built by Raja Bulnat was torn down and its basements and vaults dug up,  a copper-plate was discovered, on which was the following inscription: "Raja (king) Bulnat, having built this temple, was desirous of ascertaining from his astrologers how long it would last, and was informed by them that after eleven hundred years, a king named Sikundar would destroy it, as well as the other temples in Kashmir”.  

Sikandar was totally surprised, and angry that such accurate predictions could be made by Hindu astrologer priests. It is on record that he raved and ranted the whole day after consuming opium , that if he had known about this copper plate before , he would have not have destroyed this temple –just to prove the Hindu priests wrong. 

To know more about Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti whose dargah at Ajmer, all Pakistani presidents want to worship punch into Google search THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

In 1349, Shah Mir became the first Muslim ruler of Kashmir and inaugurated the Salatin-i-Kashmir or Swati dynasty. This dynasty ruled Kashmir until the Mughal conquest in 1586.

So, for the next five centuries, Muslim monarchs ruled Kashmir, including the Mughals, who ruled from 1526 until 1751, then the Afghan Durrani Empire that ruled from 1747 until 1819.  Akbar conquered Kashmir in 1587 A.D and he gave the intelligent Kashmiri Hindus high posts in his government. Even Birbal was a Hindu. .  It was he, who pleased with their intelligence, gave them the surname Pandit.

In 1816, Jammu was annexed by Maharaja Ranjit Singh of Lahore and in 1819 Kashmir was also added to the Sikh empire—Sikhs had enough of Muslims torturing and killing their Gurus. This marked the end of Muslim rule , persecution and endless trauma of Kashmiri Pandits.  During Ranjit Singh's rule, Kashmiri shawls became known world wide, attracting many buyers especially in the west.

In 1820 Maharaj Gulab Singh got the Jagir of Jammu from Maharaj Ranjit Singh.  He laid the foundation of the Dogra dynasty. In 1845, the First Anglo-Sikh War broke out.  In 1846 Kashmir was sold to Maharaj Gulab Singh. Thus the two areas of Kashmir and Jammu were integrated into a single political unit.

In 1846, upon the purchase of the region from the British under the Treaty of Amritsar, the Dogras—under Gulab Singh—became the new rulers. Dogra Rule, under the paramountcy (or tutelage) of the British Crown, lasted until Indian Independence in 1947. 


The Treaty of Amritsar, signed on March 16, 1846, marked the sale of Kashmir by the British East India Company ( Rothschild ) to Maharaja Gulab Singh Dogra after the First Sikh War with the United Kingdom.  Gulab Singh was to pay 75 lakhs (7.5 million) of Nanak Shahi rupees (the ruling currency of Punjab) to the British Government, along with other annual tributes.  The Treaty of Amritsar marked the beginning of Dogra rule in Kashmir.

Ranbir Singh's grandson Hari Singh, who had ascended the throne of Kashmir in 1925, was the reigning monarch in 1947 at the conclusion of British rule of the subcontinent and the subsequent partition of the British Indian Empire into the newly independent Union of India and the Dominion of Pakistan.



In 1903, Hari Singh served as a Page of Honour to Lord Curzon at the grand Delhi Durbar. By the age of 20 he had been appointed commander-in-chief of the Jammu and Kashmir state forces. Following the death of his uncle, Sir Pratap Singh, in 1925, Sir Hari Singh ascended the throne of Jammu and Kashmir. During the Second World War, from 1944-1946 Sir Hari Singh was a member of the Imperial War Cabinet.


Maharaja Hari Singh of the State of Jammu & Kashmir was able to sign its accession to India in 1947 because Maharaja Ranjit Singh had conquered it earlier and put Hari Singh’s ancestor Gulab Singh Dogra as Governor— all with Rothschild’s blessings .  Hari Singh rubbed shoulders with the banking cartel at parties abroad .

The British East India company owner Jews Rothschild wanted an Islamic buffer on either side of the Himalayas ( Pakistan and Bangladesh ) to prevent the communists from accessing the blue all weather Indian ocean.  Even in those days it was well known that a few nuclear submarines can rule the world. 

When partition happened and the Indian Hindus did NOT want to go to Pakistan and Bangladesh , Hindu Muslim riots were engineered. Despite all this even today there are more Muslims in India that the whole world put together , if you leave out Indonesia.

J&K state or in fact, Kashmir valley was the only place in 1947 where no communal violence happened during the partition.

When Britain hastily withdrew from India, some 580 Princedoms  were obliged to cede their lands to either India or Pakistan. In 1947, after India gained independence from British rule, Jammu and Kashmir had the option to join either India or Pakistan or to remain independent, due to its unique location.

The Hindu Maharaja Hari Singh Bahadur, ruler of Jammu and Kashmir elected to join India .

The real reason was that Mohammed Jinnah wanted to come to Kashmir ostensibly to recover from an illness. He sent forth his military secretary, Colonel William Birnie to make arrangements unilaterally. Hindu Hari Singh saw through the Islamic chicanery , as his population had Muslim majority and denied him permission. 

A furious Jinnah ordered the Pakistani army in the guise of tribesmen to attack Kashmir during Hindu Navaratri celebrations and usurp the lands. 


Above: Jinnah and his young and pretty 18 year old Parsi wife Dinshaw Petit.

It is no wonder Jinnah fell sick as he was surviving on an UN-Islamic and unhealthy diet of neat whisky and ham sandwiches.



It all started on October 21st 1947 at night. Hundreds of Pathans – always easy cannon fodder for the Pakistani establishment – were gathered and lined up against the border as the world was in darkness and the Hindus in Kashmir started their celebrations of Navratri ( 9 continuous nights of celebrations ).  

THIS HASTY MOVE BY JINNAH WOULD DRIVE KASHMIR INTO THE ARMS OF INDIA FOR EVER -- 

-- IF BHUTTO WANTED THOUSAND YEARS OF WAR , INDIANS ARE READY TO GIVE ONE MILLION YEARS OF WAR.

Mahura Power Station was exploded with dynamite and the entire area from border areas with Pakistan to all the way near China went into total darkness.  On the other side, the Muslim army soldiers in Maharaja Hari Singh’s Army , at Jinnah's instigation, killed their Hindu commander, Col. Narain Singh and lit the flares to give the signal to their Pakistani contacts and Pathans that all was well and attack could be resumed.

Hari Singh in distress appealed to India for help and acceded to India, when India responded to his cry for help. Hari Singh signed the Instrument of Accession on October 26, 1947, acceding the whole of his princely state (including Jammu, Kashmir, Northern Areas, Ladakh, Trans-Karakoram Tract and Aksai Chin) to the Dominion of India. 

Pakistan and India four times went to war against each other and out of which three were due to Kashmir issue. While India holds about 45% of J&K territory and Pakistan controls 35%, China occupies about 20% which includes Aksai Chin

Instrument of accession executed by Maharaja Hari Singh was similar to such instruments executed by the rulers of other acceding states. There was no scope for ifs and buts in it. According to it the signed accession was full, final and irrevocable and not in any way conditional or provisional.

 Text of letter dated October 26, J 947 from Sri Hari Singh, the Maharaja of Jammu and Kashmir to Lord Mountbatten the GovernorGeneral of India.

My dear Lord Mountbatten,

I have to inform your Excellency that a grave emergency has arisen in my State and request immediate assistance of your Government. As your Excellency is aware the State of Jammu and Kashmir has not acceded to the Dominion of India or to Pakistan. 

Geographically my State is contiguous to both the Dominions. It has vital economical end cultural links with both of them. Besides my State has a common boundary with the Soviet Republic and China. In their external relations and Dominion of India and Pakistan cannot ignore this fact.

I wanted to take time to decide to which Dominion I should accede, or whether it is not in the best interests of both the Dominions and my State to stand independent, of course with friendly and cordial relations with both.

I accordingly approached the Dominions of India and Pakistan to enter into Standstill Agreement with my State. The Pakistan Government accepted this Agreement. The Dominion of India desired further discussions with representatives of my Government. l could not arrange this in view of the developments indicated below. In fact the Pakistan Government are operating Post and Telegraph system inside the State.

Though we have got a Standstill Agreement with the Pakistan Government permitted steady and increasing strangulation of supplies like food, salt and petrol to my State. Afridis, soldiers in plain clothes, and desperadoes with modern weapons have been allowed to infliter into the State at first in Poonch and then in Sialkot and finally in mass area adjoining Hazara District on the Ramkot side.

The result has been that the limited number of troops at the disposal of the State had to be dispersed and thus had to face the enemy at the several points simultaneously, that it has become difficult to stop the wanton destruction of life and property and looting. 

The Mohara powerhouse which supplies the electric current to the whole of Srinagar has been burnt. The number of women who have been kidnapped and raped and makes my heart bleed. The wild forces thus let loose o the State are marching on with the aim of capturing Srinagar, the summer Capital of my Government, as first step to over running the whole State.

The mass infiltration tribesman drawn from the distant areas of the North-West Frontier coming regularly in motor trucks using Mansehra-Muzaffarabad Road and fully armed with up-to-date weapons cannot possibly be done without the knowing of the Provincial Government of the North-West Frontier Province and the Government of Pakistan. In spite of repeated requests made by my Government no attempt has been made to check these raiders or stop them from coming to my State. 

The Pakistan Radio even put out a story that a Provisional Government has been set up in Kashmir. The people of my State both the Muslims generally have North-West Frontier coming regularly in motor trucks using Mansehra-Muzaffarabad Road and fully armed with up-to-date weapons cannot possibly be done without the knowing of the Provincial Government of the North-West Frontier Province and the Government of Pakistan. 

In spite of repeated requests made by my Government no attempt has been made to check these raiders or stop them from coming to my State. The Pakistan Radio even put out a story that a Provisional Government has been set up in Kashmir. The people of my State both the Muslims generally have taken no part at all.

With the conditions obtaining at present in my State and to great emergency of the situation as it exists, I hay" no option but to ask for help from the Indian Dominion. Naturally they cannot send the help asked for by me without my State acceding to the Domination of India. 

I have accordingly decided to do so and I attach the Instrument of Accession for; acceptance by your Government. The other alternative is to leave my State and my people to fee-booters.

On this basis no civilized Government can exist or be maintained.

The alternative I will never allow to happen as long as I am Ruler of the State and I have life to defend my country.

I may also inform your Excellency's Government that it is my intention at once to set up an interim  overnment and ask Shaikh Abdullah to carry the responsibilities in this emergency with my Prime Minister.

If my State has to be saved immediate assistance must be available at Srinagar. Mr. VK Krishna Menon is fully aware of the situation and he will explain to you, if further explanation is needed.

In haste and with kindest regards.

Yours Sincerely
Hari Singh
The Palace, Jammu
26th October, 1947




The Muslim Pathans were in-disciplined and were NOT briefed properly by Jinnah. 

THIS WOULD BE JINNAH'S SECOND AND MORE COSTLY MISTAKE.

The Pathans were more interested in rape of attractive women and plunder of wealth. 

They made the mistake of raping British nuns , even the aged ones,  from a monastery --which really pissed off the British.  

Major General Douglas Gracey got the first report of this attack a full two days after it had all started.  Such was the secrecy of Jinnah’s planning. Interestingly, the head of Armies and defense on both sides of the border were British.

Lord Mountbatten was hosting a banquet for Thai Foreign Minister. As the guests slowly left the hall at the end of the banquet, Indian PM Nehru was requested to stay back and told of the first war in Kashmir.

Nehru frothed from the mouth talking about the United Nations, Russia, God Almighty, Edwina’s pull with Rothschild , all and sundry until Sardar Patel lost his temper ( as per Mountbatten ) and shouted at Nehru. “Jawaharlal, do you want Kashmir, or do you want to give it away?  Give your orders now!”



Seeing Nehru too shocked at the outburst, Sardar Patel turned to the Indian army Brigadier Sam Maneskshaw and cried, “You have got your dang orders.” 


By sending Pakistani soldiers dressed up Pathan tribals Jinnah clearly indicted that he does not accept an independent Kashmir, which went against him— BIG MISTAKE , JINNAH SAAB.. The current indicator supports this-- the so called independent Kashmir out of Northern Territories and “Azad Kashmir” is usurped and ruled by Pakistan.




It was the Sikh Regiment under Ranjit Rai that was the first lot to be flown in. By October 27, the Indian troops landed at the Srinagar airport, which had been, until then taken care of by the desh bhakt workers of RSS.  

Intriguingly, as soon as Hari Singh signed the Instrument of Accession, he was banished from Kashmir by the Indian Government and Nehru’s half brother Sheikh Abdullah was put in charge. 

Hari Singh retired to Bombay (Mumbai), where he died on 26 April 1961 of a heart attack, aged 65. His son Yuvraj (Crown Prince) Karan Singh was appointed 'Sadr-e-Riyasat' ('President of the Province') in 1952 and Governor of the State in 1964.

The Indian forces entered Srinagar and quickly reinforced positions. They defeated the Pakistani  forces and chased them all the way to  Baramulla and Uri.  After consolidating Uri and Baramulla with RSS cadre , the Indian forces went southwards.  

By that time the Pakistanis had captured Mirpur on November 25, 1947. Then began in Mirpur, followed by Alibeg, a large scale massacre of Hindus and Sikhs including indiscriminate raping and looting. Around 21,000 people were killed in those massacres and thousands of Hindu women raped.

The Pakistani forces then attacked and captured Jhanger. In Operation Vijay  Indian forces recaptured Jhanger and Rajauri. The Pakistani forces meanwhile laid seige on Leh and Kargil.  Indian forces took Keran and Gurais. Gilgit Scouts of Pakistani forces, had major victories in Leh, Skardu and pushed further into Ladakh.



At this time, Operation Duck – to attack Dras by the Indians failed. At this time, Indians pushed harder and slowly but surely made inroads.  Pakistani forces Gilgit forces were over run. Poonch, Kargil and Dras were recaptured.  Zoji-la Pass was attacked using tanks – the first time such war machines were used at that height.

This was the time when messages were sent back to Indian Government by the forces for additional ammunition and reinforcements. Lord Mountbatten suggested going to UN ( run by Rothschild ) for a cease fire.  

Sheikh Abdullah, a hard core Islamist at heart who had been put in charge of Kashmir, fooled Nehru by suggesting that India could win in plebiscite.  He would pay the price as a wiser and furious Nehru would incarcerate him later for 17 years.

This set the stage for India’s going in position of cease-fire, withdrawal of forces and plebiscite once things returned to normal. The UNCIP resolution  of August 13, 1948 were adopted by the UN on January 5, 1949.

With this started one of the bloodiest and damning chapters of Indian sub-continent.





Kashmir cannot claim self-determination. Indians are NOT stupid.  Kashmir's accession is final and irrevocable as there is in law no such thing as a provisional accession.  

After the demographics of Kashmir have changed by Islamic terrorism , (Kashmir is now estimated to be 64% Muslim.), we are not stupid to hold a referendum now.  

Plebiscite could not be held at the right time,  because of Pakistan's non-cooperation.  In 1953 elected members of the Jammu & Kashmir state assembly ratified Kashmir accession to India.
 
India didn't sign any binding agreement to hold a plebiscite. This UN resolution is not enforcable.  

Yes Nehru under Edwina’s influence may have verbally promised a plebiscite --but he also  made hundreds of other verbal promises. 



So what’s the big deal ?  

The point  is India didn't sign any written agreement to hold plebiscite. Whereas Pakistan signed an agreement (Shimla) to resolve of all pending issues including Kashmir bilaterally. 

This agreement was signed after UN resolution. So Shimla agreement takes precedence over any UN resolution. 

End of story. 

TOUGH LUCK PAKISTAN !




Between 15th August 1947 and 26 th October 1947,  Hari Singh lost 1/3 of Kashmir to invaders unleashed by Jinnah.  On 26th October 1947 Hari Singh was on the verge of losing his capital Srinagar, that is when he decided to seek Indian help and joined India.  

Haste makes waste, Jinnah saab!

As Nehru and VK Krisha Menon argued at UN in 1948,  because India has a signed document that states Kashmir belongs to India, all Pakistani claims and actions in the region are null and void . Any aggression demonstrating a blatant disregard to international law and procedure would be given a moonh tod jawab .

Even before Article 370 was gifted to Sheikh Abdullah’s Kashmir, strange provisions like having a separate Constitution for Kashmir (as opposed to Indian Constitution), use of National Conference flag (as opposed to Indian tricolor), and special permit for Indians to visit Kashmir has been in place. Article 370 merely formalized these and more.

Dictator Sheikh Abdullah ran a brutal police raj where Hindus were always at the receiving end.  Kashmiri Pandit  Premnath Dogra launched Praja Parishad, a democratic outfit to challenge the “partial to Muslims” activities of Abdullah.  For 3 years, as they agitated and were brutally crushed by Abdullah’s police, while the Indian Government under Nehru remained quiet. This was the first taste of future brutalities the Kashmiri Pandits would suffer .

Only Dr. Shyama Prasad Mookherjee who was Minister for Industry and Supply in Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru's cabinet rose up to the plight of Kashmiri Pandits and marched to Kashmir. As he reached Jammu’s border on 11th May 1953, , he was arrested by Sheikh Abdullah’s special police and thrown into Srinagar jail.  



His Bharatiya Jana Sangh comrade Atal Biharee Vajpaye saw him being led away by Sheikh Abdullah’s police.  Mukherjee turned back looked into Vajpaye’s eyes and cried “ Do not give up the struggle” .  This was the last time he would be seen .  

He was murdered in jail by a Penicillin injection on 23rd June 1953 for a dry pleurisy , though he kept pleading loudly that he is allergic to Penicillin.  This was Abdullah’s way of revenge . But within 5 weeks there would be most severe retribution.

For on 11 February 1941 S P Mookerjee told a Hindu rally that if Muslims wanted to live in Pakistan they should "pack their bag and baggage and leave India... (to) wherever they like". 

The Muslims had not forgotten the help given by sister group RSS to Indian soldiers who drove away the Pakistani Pathan tribesmen.

Both he and his  father was Sir Ashutosh Mukherjee, were Vice-Chancellors of the University of Calcutta. At the age of 33, he became the youngest Vice-Chancellor of the University of Calcutta (1934), and held the office till 1938.

Dr.Syama Prasad Mookerjee opposed the Indian National Congress's decision to grant Kashmir a special status with its own flag and Prime Minister. According to Congress's decision, no one, including the President of India could enter into Kashmir without the permission of Kashmir's Prime Minister. 

In opposition to this decision,  Mookherjee declared --

"Ek desh mein do Vidhan, do Pradhan aur Do Nishan nahi chalenge" 

(A single country can't have two constitutions, two prime ministers, and two National Emblems). 



This ID card rule was revoked by the hue and cry created in India by the martyrdom of Dr.Syama Prasad Mookerjee. Nehru was arm twisted into removing the Permit system, the post of Sadar-e-Riayasat and of Prime Minister of Jammu & Kashmir

No post-mortem was ordered in total disregard of the rules. His mother Lady Jogmaya Devi requested the setting up of an impartial enquiry. Nehru however ignored the letter and no enquiry commission was set up.  Mookerjee's death therefore remains a matter of great controversy.  Atal Bihari Vajpayee claimed in 2004 that the death of Mookherjee was a "Nehru conspiracy".

Meanwhile, the member of the Indian Constituent Assembly. Sh. M.L. Chattopdhiya, Director of the Intelligence Bureau,  Mr. G.K. Handoo, and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad all in turn,  gave detailed proof of what Sheikh Abdullah was up to – and his DOUBLE AGENT agenda. 

The Pakistani  conspiracy of the Sheikh was submitted to Nehru along with documentary evidence and recorded tapes of his secret and public speeches. Nehru was taken aback while listening to the tapes and going through the handwritten letters of Sheikh Abdullah.

Also the hue and cry from the Indian masses suddenly changed the scenario . Nehru was now skating on thin ice and he would have been deposed if he continued protecting his alleged Muslim half brother.



Nehru went to Srinagar and shouted at Abdullah in public . “Sheikh Sahib till now I was behaving with you as Jawaharlal Nehru but henceforth I shall be behaving with you in the capacity of a Prime Minister”. 



Nehru then gave orders to arrest and incarcerate Sheikh Abdullah.  In a speech Nehru said that all trouble in Kashmir was due to Sheikh Abdullah’s bigotry and narrow Islamist communal outlook and it was he who was not allowing the state to settle down to peace and stability.  



Truly, the Sheikh always talked about the rights of the Muslims, forgetting that the Hindus also formed nearly 35 per cent of the population of the state and he never showed any consideration for them.

Rather he was trying to drive them away ,  paving the way for a future UN controlled plebiscite victory .

BIG MISTAKE SHEIKH SAAB . You have upset the root UN condition that there shall be no ethnic cleansing.

By the way, Nehru’s father Motilal Nehru was a lawyer, an activist of the Indian National Movement and an important leader of the Indian National Congress, who also served as the Congress President twice, 1919–1920 and 1928–1929.   He was a Rothschild confidante.  Hence the reason why his son Nehru became India’s first Prime Minister- this chair was his alone .Even Gandhi could NOT put Jinnah on this chair and avert partition of India.

In May 1946 Sheikh Abdullah launched the Quit Kashmir agitation against the Maharajah Hari Singh and was arrested and sentenced to three years imprisonment but was released only sixteen months later on 29 September 1947.  

Sheikh Abdullah took oath as Prime Minister of Kashmir on March 17, 1948.  On 8 August 1953 he was dismissed as Prime Minister by the then Sadr-i-Riyasat (Constitutional Head of State) Dr. Karan Singh son of the erstwhile Maharajah Hari Singh on the charge that he had lost the confidence of his cabinet.  

His cabinet minister Bakshi Ghulam Mohammed was appointed as Prime Minister. Sheikh Abdullah was immediately arrested and later jailed for eleven years. Abdullah along with Mirza Afzal Beg and 22 others were accused of conspiracy against the Indian state  for espousing the seditious cause of an independent Kashmir.

On 8 April 1964 the State Government dropped all charges  and Sheikh Abdullah was released and returned to Srinagar where he was accorded a great welcome by the Muslims of the valley as Sher-e-Kashmir (the Lion of Kashmir)

Nehru was suffering from a secret brain disease and he would die within 3 weeks.  Nehru reconciled with Abdullah before his death, for his daughter Indira's sake.

The Muslims in India do NOT want to settle down in Pakistan. Every Hindu in Pakistan wants to run away, because of your narrow minded bigotry. 

Only one mosque ( Babri ) was destroyed in India after Independence and that too for a reason, while more than a thousand temples have been destroyed in Pakistan. 

Punch into Google search BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL



In the British census of India of 1941, Kashmir registered a Muslim majority population of 77%, a Hindu population of 20% and a sparse population of Buddhists and Sikhs comprising the remaining 3%.  In 2003, the percentage of Muslims in the Kashmir Valley was 95% and those of Hindus 4%.

India has control of 60% of the area of the former Princely State of Jammu and Kashmir (Jammu, Kashmir Valley, and Ladakh); Pakistan controls 30% of the region (Gilgit–Baltistan and Azad Kashmir). China occupied 10% (Aksai Chin) of the state in 1962.

Generations of hardcore Pakistani Islamist individuals non-native to the Kashmir region have been allowed to take residence in Pakistan-administered Kashmir.  There can be no plebiscite due to such demographic changes after 1947 . 

Moreover, Pakistan failed to withdraw its troops from the Kashmir region as was required under the same U.N. resolution of 13 August 1948 which discussed the plebiscite.

The 2009 edition of the Freedom in the World (report) by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees rated Jammu and Kashmir as partly free, while in comparison Pakistan-administered Kashmir was rated to be NOT  free. 

Elections held in 2008 were generally regarded as fair by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, had a high voter turnout in spite of calls by militants for a boycott, and led to the pro-India Jammu & Kashmir National Conference forming the government in the state.




According to Voice of America, and world opinion many analysts have interpreted the high voter turnout in this election as a sign that the people of Kashmir have endorsed Indian rule in the state.  

Yes, Islamic militants who do rabble rousing using their guns, may disagree—who cares?

Plebiscite idea is now history.  



A minimum of 506,000 people in Indian Administered Kashmir valley are internally displaced due to militancy in Kashmir about half of which are Hindu Pandits . 

India does not accept the two-nation theory and considers that Kashmir, despite being a Muslim-majority state, is in many ways an "integral part" of secular India.


"Pity the nation that has to silence its writers for speaking their minds," pro Pakistan desh drohi, Arundhati Roy writes.

Writer?

Which writer?

Just because you sold your big brother sponsored bullshit book “ God of small things “ you have become an intellectual and a writer?


The Kashmiri Pandits have been internally displaced due to Islamic militancy and are living in refugee camps in harrowing conditions. The displaced Kashmiri Pandits must be re-settled in their own lands by the Indian government.

India has always co-operated. The Indus Waters Treaty was signed by both countries in September 1960, giving exclusive rights over the three western rivers of the Indus river system (Jhelum, Chenab and Indus) to Pakistan, and over the three eastern rivers (Sutlej, Ravi and Beas) to India.  

India remains a home to more than 130 million Muslims-- and we subsidize their Mecca pilgrimage  trips.

In 2011, the FBI revealed that Pakistan's spy agency ISI paid millions of dollars into a United States-based non-governmental organization to influence politicians and opinion-makers on the Kashmir issue and arrested Syed Ghulam Nabi Fai.


In 1980, the Islamization of Kashmir began with full force. The Abdullah Government changed the names of about 2500 villages from their original names to new Islamic names—with the pseudo secular government of India looking the other way..

WTE ( waitress turned empress ) gave 10 billion Euros to Italy zone--nay-- Euro zone, so that they can continue drinking premium wine. Hey, how about doing something for our poor Kashmiri Pandits living in squalor -- in tents , without toilet facilities?


Having failed to take Kashmir by force, and unable to win the hearts of the Kashmiris by offering them a democracy when they themselves had a military dictatorship and poor economy, the only way for Pakistan was to fan flames of Islamic radicalization and dish out false propaganda of Indian army excesses.  

In 1990 a report showed that almost a thousand of the elite Kashmiri Muslims were on the payroll of the ISI. Saudis finance the Kashmiri terrorists through the Medical colleges. 

We cannot ignore that Pakistani state is playing the same game in Kashmir to avenge the loss of East Pakistan. Whose fault is it that Pakistan lost Bangladesh? 


Who picked up the gun first?  

Who provoked first?  

Who drew first blood?  

NOT India!

TOMORROW IF MUSLIM BENGALIS  DRIVES AWAY HINDUS BY TERRORISM FROM WEST BENGAL , THEN PROCREATE LIKE RATS AND CREATE A MUSLIM MAJORITY STATE -- AND WANTS TO MERGE WITH BANGLADESH-- WILL INDIA ALLOW IT?  

SORRY ,  WE WONT.  

WE ARE NOT STUPID TO HOLD A REFERENDUM EITHER.

Contrary to popular lies, the Kashmir Valley’s Shias prefer India to Pakistan. Though Pakistan and Afghanistan has 19% Shias they  are sidelined and persecuted there.


The comparison with the British rule is simply ridiculous. India is not looting the resources of Kashmir for its own gain. Neither is anyone treating Kashmiris as an inferior race, one that must be denied opportunity.

Pakistan has used “war-addicted Afghans" , some fifty five thousand veterans with US arms and no war to fight against USSR ,  to keep the Indian Army occupied in counter-insurgency.



Hey, Pakistanis -- let me prick your bubble.  

Forget about Kashmiri Muslims-- how many Indian Muslims do you think in your well informed opinion , want to settle down in a failed state like Pakistan ( 12th in the international list along with Somalia etc ) and tie up their destiny with your warped and narrow minded nation ? 

Wanna bet?  

Dont bother --

NOT even 0.001%.  In India we call them desh drohi terrorists funded by Pakistan and Saudi Arabia.




In the video below, what Indian Muslim Javed Aktar says about NIL RSS cadre being arrested by British is wrong.  He is ill informed --or he wants to inject poison in history.  

There were hundreds of RSS leaders and cadre in jail -- and the Cellular Jail Port Blair, register is ample testimony, for only "dangerous" freedom fighters were incarcerated there.  

Poets should NOT turn historians.

Punch into Google search GANESH BABARAO SAVARKAR, AN UNSUNG HERO OF INDIA  VADAKAYIL



I have a piece of advise for Pakistan. If you put too much of heat on Kashmir, you must be ready to lose another Bangladesh - BALOCHISTAN.   41% of your land having precious minerals will be lost for Kashmir, which has NOTHING -- only tourism apples, and sapphires. 




People of Balochistan are sick and tired of your partial rule--just like the Bangladesis.  Don't lose your wisdom here. 

Indians and Pakistanis have same DNA and blood.  Is it worthwhile for Pakistan to align with China to snatch away Kashmir?  In which case India will align with CIA and Mossad to snatch away Balochistan.






ETHNIC CLEANSING NEVER PAYS -- YOU HAVE LEARNT THIS LESSON WELL.




PAKISTAN WANTS UN SPONSORED PLEBISCITE?
********************************************************************
AMERICAN DAD , REVIEW OF AN AMERICAN ANIMATED SITCOM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AMERICAN DAD ,  REVIEW OF AN AMERICAN ANIMATED SITCOM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





"The Simpsons" does NOT amuse the common yank any more.

I had put a review of The Simpsons before in one of my posts.  You can read it if you punch into Google search MATT GROENING , THE UNSUNG GENIUS  VADAKAYIL

The step in sitcom "Family Guy" has run aground.

So enter the new sitcom "American Dad"-again of a dysfunctional all American family.. It started around 2005.

This one is teeming with sex, violence, toilet humor, non-sequiturs, "just for laughs" morbid absurdities, racial gags and "nothing off limits" biting satire, 

The language pushes the envelope on social acceptability, making it a less-than-ideal choice for young women and teens. 

American Dad pushes that morbid vulgarity envelope so hard , in fact, that the Parents Television Council recently asked its members to complain to the Federal Communications Commission, hoping to get the series sanctioned or fined.
  
There are no good messages or role models in American dad. 

Yet, if you understand the characters , an adult will find it hilarious. If you do NOT have an insight into the characters it is your own fault.



For example Dada Kondke's famous creepy dialogue ANDHERI RAAT MEIN DIYA TERI HAAT MEIN, must be understood for what it is.  



If you think it is about a young girl holding the lamp instead of "you know what"-- who is to blame?

Ditto with American dad. 

Being a sailor for 40 years I can tell you that our party jokes are NON-vegetarian. 

Sex takes preponderance. If not, even sh#t or fart will do.  And believe me, if you are not too prudish they can be down right funny.

Example?

Ram and Shyam , two bhaiyyas go for a crap in an open field after consuming lot of bhang ( marijuana in milk ) . 

Both are stoned . 

After the solemn deed , Ram instead of washing his own ass , starts washing Shyam's ass. ( We dont use toilet paper in Indian villages ) .

Shyam is now confused. 

He asks Ram " Abhe Raame , tum kiska gaand dho raha hai re?" ( Hey, Ram whose ass are you washing ?).

Ram replies knee jerk " Are, Saame , mein apna gaand dho raha hoon !" ( Shyam buddy , I am washing mE own ass !)

Ram is now confused and ponders for a while and cries out in deep distress--  " Fir hamara gaand kidhar hai?" (  If indeed so, pray, where in mE ass?" )

End of story-- 

This NON-veg joke is best told in Bhojpuri.



Let me describe the characters of American dad.

STAN—  Stan Smith works for the CIA at Langley falls Virginia Washington DC .

This all American dad with a gargantuan chin, , who fumbles more often than he scores.   He is ze typical Yank cowboy. Cowboys never hunted the outlaw alone,  they always rode with a posse for moral support . ( Even in modern wars they have ze coalition and ze allies-- it is gang bashing and bullying. )

But our man Stan is a lone ranger, who is always on red alert for terrorist activity  .

He can  go to any extreme to keep his beloved America from harm’s way.  Protecting USA in a most gung ho and ridiculous manner  is his life’s only mission.  

He has the terror-alert color code on his fridge, and has this knee-jerk reaction of shooting holes in the toaster whenever the toast pops up—what more evidence of paranoia do you want? 

He is THE staunchly neoconservative right wing Republican  and self-proclaimed American patriot who sees a deadly assassin on the grassy knoll in even the most innocent of situations. 

His conservatism is deliberately treated in the show as severe intolerance .  Stan  is on constant self imposed alert and hence is  emotionally disconnected from his family . He uses his warped idea of patriotism to justify obnoxious ( and hilariously!? for the Yanks )  bad behavior. 

He's shoot-first-ask-later attitude that gets him into severe trouble in just about every episode.  His typical knuckle headed optimism is hilarious.


FRANCINE— is Stan’s hot and sexy wife  who met him after college.

Poles apart from Stan she is level headed and loves her husband.  No wonder she spends most of her time trying to reason with gung ho Stan and talk him out of his crazy schemes.

Since she had a past life of wild sex and drug parties , she has a lot of excess baggage carefully hidden away. This would make her unpredictable and psychotic and at times she loses her way..

She stays and home and tried hard to be ze traditional wife and home maker , though not out of choice .  She's tried careers of her own, including real estate and her own bakery, but they didn't pan out.

Stan ignores the affections of his wife, though she is coveted from afar by Klaus, the ex-communist goldfish.  She is loyal to Stan and turns a Nelson’s eye to all his unabashed arrogance, trespasses and misdemeanors.


STEVE— is Stan’s and Francine’s 14 year old geeky high schooler son. He tries his level best  to live up to Stan's expectations but can never really measure up to the high standards in place for him.  The bar is set just too high.

This forces him to behave like a teenage dork by default.. 

He is a nerd and has even published his own book before puberty.  Though he is obsessed with gals , and tries hard to be cool and make a hit,  he just cant make it. This makes him a wimpy  R&B dork.  He and the family alien Roger embark on disastrous adventures frequently.

HAYLEY— is Stan’s and Francine's marijuana-smoking,  feminist cum activist daughter at the fag end of her teens, attending community college. 

Stan is strictly conservative and hence he is perpetually at odds with his daughter , resulting in loud arguments galore.  She being a new age hippie rebel does not approve of  Stan’s constant meddling in her internal affairs.  Despite Stan’s  best efforts Hayley continues in defiance as a left-wing liberal. 

Stan loves his daughter, but that doesn't necessarily mean he trusts her.  To spite Stan she becomes a stripper at one point, and to show their unconditional support and love as "good" ( though dysfunctional ) American parents,  Stan and Francine sit in the front row during one of her routines, cheering, making vulgar comments and tossing money. This can happen only in USA, right? 

To Hayley's credit, she never gives up her values, regardless of how much grief she gets at home.  She knows how and when to push her father's buttons whether it's by helping the homeless,  demanding women's rights , protecting the environment or taking on the NRA headlong. 

She has a stoner boyfriend, named Jeff who eventually moves into their home .

KLAUS— is a lecherous and attention starved talking gold fish secretly lusting for Stan’s wife Francine, thanks to a CIA experiment gone awry.  Klaus is a man’s mind  trapped in a goldfish body –a fish in whom the CIA implanted the brain of an East German Olympic ski jumper.

The family goldfish constantly hits on Francine totally obsessed after seeing her sexy body in the nude.  Klaus is talkative and always throws in his two cents regardless of whether anyone is listening.

So this is where BIG BOSS 6 got their warped idea of a talking goldfish from.

ROGER—is an effeminate, disguise wearing  alien who Stan has rescued from US government capture of Area 51, and secretly harbors in the family's attic, contrary to his patriotic values.  Coz Stan owes Roger a "life debt". 

Roger resents not being allowed to leave the house, and so has resorted to sarcasm , drinking wine and smoking cigarettes.  He spends his days drinking martinis and watching bad television. 

Though Roger has ambitions and needs, he's stuck in the attic of Stan’s  house, forbidden to reveal himself to the outside world.

So--

What all is fair game for the humor pool in this sitcom which amplifies the DECADENCE of American society? 

We have more than enough material as season 8 is going on.

Remember, it holds a TV-14 rating for suggestive dialogue (D), offensive language (L), moderate to strong sexual content (S), and graphic violence (V).

-- corny refrains like "Pedophilia Down as Childhood Obesity Goes Up", "Israel Pulls Out of Gaza, Gaza Not Pregnant",  "Economy Takes a Turn, Falls Down Flight of Stairs" etc

--  disgusting imagery such as a stray cat giving birth to kittens and actually showing the kittens coming out of the mother,  live bees flying inside Steve's open wound and stinging him from the inside etc

---- Stan leaving his family for a seductive, talking hot tub (Cee-Lo Green) and his distraught and loyal wife  Francine moving back into her adoptive parents’ house with equally distraught Klaus, Roger and the kids.

----Stan sitting naked in a hot tub with two gay neighbors.

--- a blitzkreig of tasteless material targetting God, Christians, Muslims, blacks, the homeless and handicapped people.

-- choking games, married swingers, incest, homosexual sex, ejaculation, cross-dressing and a boy damaging his penis etc

----Stan's boss at CIA ogling  pictures of his wife Francine and asking Stan to send more shots of her ample boobs.

-- people talking about urination, feces and the biological intricacies of a colostomy bag.

--- conceited and pathetic one-liners like"only women have emotions son, they come from their ovaries".

ALMOST EVERYTHING IS SEXUAL.  YOU HAVE TO READ BETWEEN THE LINES TO GET TO IT .

SO THIS MEANS YOU MUST HAVE A PRETTY PERVERTED MIND YOURSELF -- OR YOU WILL WONDER WTF?!


It showcases "in your face , lump it if you dont like it" domestic violence, the socioeconomic divide, racial inequality and literally thumbs its figurative nose at the state of American politics and the economy.

This satirical series operates on a single guiding principle: Nothing is off-limits, from necrophilia to cocaine and from mindless murder to eating excrement. The jaw dropping morbid jokes are pushed way too far, breaking every single rule of social decency.. This is why young children should NOT see this , as it gets absorbed into their subconscious.



Let me look at the positives. American Dad continues to include awesome music every week.. The show's humor comes from the juxtaposition of Stan's conservative nature against his family's seemingly liberal needs and opinions.  Everything you could conceive about the USA's current state of fear mongering and distrust is put beneath a microscope and parodied mercilessly .  

The episodes usually center on various challenges or mishaps befalling the “mentally poles apart”  family members and their typically shoddy and ill-fated efforts to overcome them. Hence there is something for the intellectuals too , especially the inner workings of a family of vastly different personalities.

When Stan enters an essay contest to have his personal hero, President Bush, come over for dinner, he is overcome with joy when the President arrives at his doorstep. However, not everyone in the Smith family shares Stan's excitement. 



Hayley tries to drill President Bush on the Iraq war, and Steve and Roger attempt to convince him that they've found Osama Bin Laden, Bush gets roaring drunk. Stan tries to save the President from public humiliation, while Hayley revels in his fall from glory.  

George W. Bush is in his own little fantasy world  and rambles “ Oh, fun! I love Mexicans! Some say they're essential to our economy. Others say they're a drain on our resources. All I know is, burritos are delicious!” 



Like coffee or beer this serial has to grow on you.

                                                                Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS, FATHER OF AMERICAN SLAVERY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


COLUMBUS THE MARRANO CRYPTO JEW ,  COLUMBUS DAY DECLARED BY JEWISH US PRESIDENT FRANKLIN DELANO ROOSEVELT,  FALSE ROLE MODEL -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





The trust of the innocent is a liar's most useful tool --.  Stephen King



The Hollywood Jewish lobby made a nice movie  "1492, CONQUEST OF PARADISE"  converting a most evil man into a worshipful role model.  

The theme music was outstanding, check out the video above.

In this movie Christopher Columbus is shown as a Christian role model , full of compassion and fairness. Nothing is further from the truth.

US president FDR signed Columbus day as a federal holiday to honor a fine courageous explorer. This post reveals the naked truth. In the internet age, the peer reviewed media and publishing houses will be exposed.

It is my firm opinion that truth and freedom loving US citizens will ask that Columbus day be celebrated as Native American day.  It is time to correct great historical wrongs. Enough of Big Brother giving bull via his monopolized media , and Hollywood.

First of all Christopher Columbus was NOT financed by Queen Isabella.  He was financed by two rich Jewish merchants, Louis de Santangel, Gabriel Sanchez and a rabbi Don Isaac Abrabanel.

Queen Isabella's orders to Jews under Vatican's express fiat  , was “convert to Christianity or leave Spain” . The ousted Jews wanted a place to live , a direct sea route from Europe to India .

Throughout history,  from the days of Bar Kokhba and the Romans, they landed up at Calicut in Kerala,  India ( my hometown ) 

Columbus was NOT a Catholic Christian. He was a crypto Jew-- a Marrano.

You may wonder why FDR did all this -- to white wash a criminal by any standards .

Well, US President FDR’s ancestor US President Theodore Roosevelt ( Teddy , the rough rider ) did much more.   He punished Spain by snatching away their colonies by deceit .  Severe retribution for driving away the Jews  from Spain in the past.

You will be surprised.  


Punch into Google search-

EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE,  GROOMING OF SPANISH INQUISITION JEWISH AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT  VADAKAYIL

Christopher Columbus's son was a proper slave trader -- the sea slave trade pioneer.  All this is hushed up by vested historians.




Punch into Google search BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL.

Jewish holidays were slave trading holidays in USA.


Columbus's real name is Salvador Fernando Zarco..


The Jews in Spain fell into two groups:  The 'Conversos' - converts who embraced Catholicism and renounced Judaism -  and the 'Marranos',  meaning swine, who feigned conversion but secretly continued with their own religious practices.  The Marranos were those compulsorily converted Jews and their descendants who outwardly became Christians but secretly continued to meet in the synagogue, celebrated feast days and observed the Jewish Sabbath.

The Spanish Inquisition tortured tens of thousands of Marranos, who were ordered to give up the names of others - including friends and relatives.  Marranos who had their secret lives exposed were paraded in front of crowds, tied to stakes and burned alive while the crown and the church divided and took their land and personal possessions.


The expulsion of all the Jews from Spain benefited the royal couple King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella immensely since they seized all of the property and money owned by the rich and  stingy Jews.



Columbus's last will and testament, signed on May 19, 1506,  clearly indicate that he is a crypto Jew. He left a large amount of money supporting the crusade of liberating the Palestine.  He instructed his heirs to use a triangular signature made up of dots and letters, mimicking a Jewish prayer.

Columbus maintained two logs on his ship . He himself, in his journal, calls attention to the "coincidence" of his first voyage of discovery with the expulsion of the Jews from Spain, in the following passage:  "So, after having expelled the Jews from your dominions, your Highness, in the same month of January, ordered me to proceed with a sufficient armament, to the said regions of India. "


In his ship’s log, Columbus makes frequent references to the Hebrew Bible, to Jerusalem to Moses, David, Abraham, Isaac, and Sarah. He computes the age of the ­world according to the Jewish calendar: ". . . and from the destruction: the Second Temple according to the Jews to the present day, being the year of the birth of Our Lord 1481, are 1413 years…"

The first two letters Columbus sent back to Spain are NOT to Queen Isabella  but to Jew Luis de Santangel and Sanchez, thanking them for their support and telling them what he had found. . Luis de Santangelo, was also the chancellor of the royal household of king Ferdinand and queen Isabella, and Gabriel Sanchez, was the treasurer of Aragon, both “conversos”, of course.



On those documents, Columbus used a triangular signature of dots and letters that resembled inscriptions found on gravestones of Jewish cemeteries in Spain.  The Kabbalistic monogram, in Hebrew, Latin, and Greek, contains two secret names: Cristobal Colon, his "nom de plume," and Salvador Fernando Zarco, Columbus's birth name.

The anagram was a cryptic substitute for the Kaddish, a prayer recited in the synagogue by mourners after the death of a close relative.



Thus, Columbus's subterfuge allowed his sons to say Kaddish for their crypto-Jewish father when he died.
At the top left-hand corner of all but one of the 13 letters written by Columbus to his son Diego contained the handwritten Hebrew letters bet-hei, meaning b'ezrat Hashem (with God's help). Observant Jews have for centuries customarily added this blessing to their letters. No letters to outsiders bear this mark, and the one letter to Diego in which this was omitted was one meant for King Ferdinand.



Columbus had a Jew interpreter Luis de Torres on board with him. You always make sure your interpreter can be trusted with your life and that he will NOT describe purple as violet.  Columbus included de Torres because de Torres spoke Hebrew. Columbus evidently believed or wanted to believe that he would meet Hebrew speaking Jews. 



When de Torres had landed on Hispanola he saw a bird which he thought was an Indian peacock and named it “tuki”, the Hebrew word for that bird.  Today this bird is called  turkey.  The indigenous people in South America, the Caribbean, and America were named Indians, because Columbus really thought that he was in India and had  discovered a short cut to India.

He took six Jews on his voyage, including his interpretor Luis De Torres , Abraham Ben Samuel Zacuto the navigator, Mastre Bernal the doctor, Marco the surgeon , Roderigo Sanchez-inspector  and an Isaac Abravanel the astronomer.



Columbus' diary begins with these words: “In the same month in which their Majesties issued the edict that all Jews should be driven out of the kingdom and its territories, in the same month, they gave me the order to undertake with sufficient men my expedition of discovery of the Indies.”  His voyage began  on August 3, 1492. 

On March 31, 1492, King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella proclaimed that all Jews were to be expelled from Spain. The edict especially targeted the 80,000 Jews who had never converted, and gave them four months to pack up and get out.


The Jews were expelled from Spain on August 2, 1492. Many of these Jews emigrated to Holland, where they set up the Dutch West Indies Company to exploit the new world. In 1654, the first Jew, Jacob Barsimson, emigrated from Holland to New Amsterdam (New York) and in the next decade many more followed him, settling along the East Coast, principally in New Amsterdam and Newport, Rhode Island.



Columbus started off with deceit. A lookout on the Pinta, Rodrigo de Triana (also known as Juan Rodríguez Bermeo), spotted land about 2:00 on the morning of 12 October, and immediately alerted the rest of the crew with a hearty shout. Thereupon, the captain of the Pinta, Martín Alonso Pinzón, verified the discovery and alerted Columbus by firing a lombard. Columbus later insisted that he was the first to see a light on the land a few hours earlier,  ( but had kept it within his chest ) thereby claiming for himself the lifetime pension promised by Ferdinand and Isabella to the first person to sight land.



He raped underage girls too. In his own words , "While I was in the boat, I captured a very beautiful Carib woman, whom the said Lord Admiral gave to me. When I had taken her to my cabin she was naked - as was their custom. I was filled with a desire to take my pleasure with her and attempted to satisfy my desire. She was unwilling, and so treated me with her nails that I wished I had never begun. But - to cut a long story short - I then took a piece of rope and whipped her soundly, and she let forth such incredible screams that you would not have believed your ears. Eventually we came to such terms, I assure you, that you would have thought that she had been brought up in a school for whores--   ”

Columbus supervised the selling of native girls into sexual slavery. Young girls of the ages 9 to 10 were the most desired by his men. In 1500, Columbus casually wrote about it in his log. He said: "A hundred castellanoes are as easily obtained for a woman as for a farm, and it is very general and there are plenty of dealers who go about looking for girls; those from nine to ten are now in demand."



When he set foot on that sandy beach in the Bahamas on October 12, 1492, Columbus discovered that the islands were inhabited by friendly, peaceful people called the Lucayans, Taínos and Arawaks. Writing in his diary, Columbus said they were a handsome, smart and kind people. He noted that the gentle Arawaks were remarkable for their hospitality.

"They offered to share with anyone and when you ask for something, they never say no," he said. The Arawaks had no weapons; their society had neither criminals, prisons nor prisoners. They were so kind-hearted that Columbus noted in his diary that on the day the Santa Maria was shipwrecked, the Arawaks labored for hours to save his crew and cargo. The native people were so honest that not one thing was missing. Columbus was so impressed with the hard work of these gentle islanders, that he immediately seized their land for Spain and enslaved them to work in his brutal gold mines. Within only two years, 125,000 (half of the population) of the original natives on the island were dead.



Later he made the same nice people over 14 years of age deliver a hawk's bell full of gold powder every three months . Once the slaves paid this, they would receive a metal token. This token was worn around their necks as a signal that they were home-free for another 3 months (during which time they saved up for their next token, of course.). If this tribute was not delivered, they had their hands cut off and were left to bleed to death.

"Gold is a treasure, and he who possesses it does all he wishes to in this world, and succeeds in helping souls into paradise." – Christopher Columbus



During the 2nd voyage he took 2 dozen ferocious dogs – their staple diet was fresh human flesh dripping with blood. 

Later the dogs became squeamish and would eat only small babies, gnawing their bones with great relish.

Columbus' acts of cruelty were so unspeakable and so legendary - even in his own day - that Governor Francisco De Bobadilla arrested Columbus and his two brothers, slapped them into chains, and shipped them off to Spain to answer for their crimes against the Arawaks. But the King and Queen of Spain, their treasury filling up with gold, pardoned Columbus and let him go free.



One of Columbus' men, Bartolome De Las Casas, was so mortified by Columbus' brutal atrocities against the native peoples, that he quit working for Columbus and became a Catholic priest. He described how the Spaniards under Columbus' command cut off the legs of children who ran from them, to test the sharpness of their blades. 

According to De Las Casas, the men made bets as to who, with one sweep of his sword, could cut a person in half. "Such inhumanities and barbarisms were committed in my sight as no age can parallel," De Las Casas wrote. "My eyes have seen these acts so foreign to human nature that now I tremble as I write."



It was a general rule among Spaniards to be cruel; not just cruel, but extraordinarily cruel so that harsh and bitter treatment would prevent Indians from daring to think of themselves as human beings or having a minute to think at all. So they would cut an Indian's hands and leave them dangling by a shred of skin and they would send him on saying "Go now, spread the news to your chiefs." 

They would test their swords and their manly strength on captured Indians and place bets on the slicing off of heads or the cutting of bodies in half with one blow. They burned or hanged captured chiefs."

De Las Casas spent the rest of his life trying to protect the helpless native people. But after a while, there were no more natives to protect. Experts generally agree that before 1492, the population on the island of Hispaniola probably numbered above 3 million. Within 20 years of Spanish arrival, it was reduced to only 60,000. Within 50 years, not a single original native inhabitant could be found.

The initial Arawak population was estimated at 8,000,000. By 1516 only around 12,000 were still alive. By 1542, less than 200 remained. By 1555, the Arawaks were all gone.



In 1498, his five ship expedition brought 1000 Indians to Spain as slaves. . Six hundred of these he brought back to Spain, and the remaining 400 he gave to the Spanish then "governing" the island. This was the start of the Trans-Atlantic Enslavement trade, this Atlantic slave trade lasted more than 400 yrs from 1444 to about 1880.

Christopher Columbus derived most of his income from slavery, De Las Casas noted. In fact, Columbus was the first slave trader in the Americas. As the native slaves died off, they were replaced with black slaves. Columbus' son became the first African slave trader in 1505.

Through his exploits in Haiti, Columbus lead the way for other European nations to begin seeking wealth through domination, conquest, and slavery. In essence, Columbus changed the world, and we recognize this in one way or another by delineating history as being either pre- or post-Columbian.



When Columbus first encountered the Caribbean natives, he wrote in his log book of his surprise at how peaceful, naive and seemingly incapable of dishonesty they were. For worthless trinkets or sometimes nothing at all, the natives would cheerfully hand over whatever possessions were asked for, including gold jewelry. Later, anything desired by the Spaniards would simply be taken. Their ignorance of weapons such as swords was evident when some natives, while examining Columbus' sword, cut themselves on it.

How unfortunate for the natives that some of them wore gold jewelry when Columbus first landed, and even presented him with a few good ones. The sight of this gold inflamed his greed  and would soon lead to untold suffering as the natives were forced to work in gold mines.

Columbus wrote: "As soon as I arrived in the Indies, on the first Island which I found, I took some of the natives by force in order that they might learn and might give me information of whatever there is in these parts."

The information that Columbus wanted most was: Where is the dang gold?



One of the few natives to actively resist the Spaniards was Hatuey, a Taíno chief on the island of Hispaniola. When the Spaniards neared, he fled to Cuba with 400 of his people and there carried out a guerilla-style resistance to the Spaniards. After three months, Hatuey was betrayed and captured and put on a stake to be burned to death.

Before the torch was applied, a priest asked Hatney to embrace Christ so that he would go to Heaven. Hatney asked the priest whether there would be Spaniards in Heaven, to which the priest answered that there were many. Hatuey replied that in that case he would prefer not to go to Heaven, and wanted nothing to do with a God who allowed such cruelty as he had witnessed.


An excerpt from Columbus’s journal dated 16th Dec  “They have no weapons and are all naked without any skill in arms and are very cowardly so that a thousand would not challenge three,” Thus they are useful to be commanded and to be made to labor and sow and to do everything else of which there is need and build towns and be taught to wear clothes and learn our customs.”



While he is lauded in the United States with a federal holiday and a receives a great deal of credit for discovering North America, his legacy has been tainted by 100% sure ( NOT alleged ) charges of genocide , extreme cruelty and heartless exploitation.  



On the second Monday in October each year, Americans celebrate Columbus Day . The American children stand in line and sing a nice little song that goes: "In 1492, Columbus sailed the ocean blue."  It's an all American tradition, as American as pizza pie . 

In fourteen hundred ninety-two
Columbus sailed the ocean blue,
It was a courageous thing to do
But someone was already here.
Columbus knew the world was round
So he looked for the East while westward bound,
But he didn't find what he thought he found
And someone was already here.

Chorus:
The Innuit and Cherokee,
The Aztec and Menominee,
The Onadaga and the Cree;
Columbus sailed across the sea,
But someone was already here.
It isn't like it was empty space,
Caribs met him face to face.
Could anyone discover the place
When someone was already here?
Chorus

So tell me, who discover what?
He thought he was in a different spot.
Columbus was lost, the Caribs were not;
They were already here.

Chorus


The truth is a bit horrible.  Columbus is NOT the nice and heroic explorer Americans like to think.. First of all it was Amerigo Vespucci who discovered America—NOT Columbus.  The Viking, Leif Ericson  founded a Norse village on Newfoundland some 500 years earlier. 



Native Americans discovered North America about 15 millineums before Columbus was even born! New  DNA evidence now suggests that Polynesian adventurers sailed dugout canoes across the Pacific and settled in South America long before the Vikings.



Columbus' reign of terror is one of the darkest chapters in world history.  Why do Americans celebrate a holiday in honor of this evil man, in this internet age ?  Is Columbus  worthy of  admiration and emulation? 



Is this pathetic man who oversaw a most cruel genocide ,  a  hero or role model for the young US children?  




The celebration of Columbus Day is condoning and advocating genocide,  to uphold the intrinsically human nature of absolute power at all costs and the motto of "In greed we trust " (  NOT " In god we trust" )




Celebrating Columbus day and glorifying a murderer like Columbus officially allows racism , greed and lies to endure. 

How is it acceptable to wear an "Indian" costume for Halloween? 



Why do Americans keep racist team names and mascots like the Washington Redskins in play?  



To understand the root of present−day racism, we must understand historical injustice. The best way to confront and combat this violent legacy is through spreading a truth culture and proper education.





Punch into google search --FRANCISCO PIZARRO , HERNAN CORTES, GENOCIDE BY SMALL POX BIOLOGICAL WARFARE VADAKAYIL.   
This genocide method was pioneered by Columbus. Be shocked-- the big brother controlled main stream media will NEVER EVER tell you all this.




Columbus never discovered that the world is round .  Plato and Pythagoras, (both who studied in India) knew it 2000 years before him-- and the Indians wrote it down in the Vedas,  6500 years before Columbus.  Indians have also recorded the diameters of the sun, earth, moon and all 9 planets, their distances and the speed of light in the Vedas - using the human brain as a laser beam.




I and I old I know
I and I old I say
I and I reconsider
I and I see upfully that
Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Yes Jah

He is saying that
He's the first one
Who discovered Jamaica
I and I say that,
"What about the Arawak Indians..
and the few black man who were round here before him?"

The Indians couldn't hang on no longer
Here comes black man and woman and children
Inna Jamdown lan' ya
Whole heap o' mix-up, mix-up
A whole heap o' ben' up, ben' up
It haffe straighten out

Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Yes Jah

(..)

What a long way from home
I and I longing to go home
Within I red, green and gold robe

Come on, 12 tribes of Israel
Come on, 12 tribes of Israel
Outta Jamdown lan' ya
A whole heap o' mix-up, mix-up
A whole heap o' ben' up, ben' up
Come on, 12 tribes of Israel
Come on, 12 tribes of Israel
Outta Jamdown lan' ya
Yes Jah

Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Christopher Columbus is a damn, blasted liar
Yes Jah, he's a liar
Yes Jah, he's a liar
Yes Jah, he's a liar
Yes Jah, Columbus, he's (a) liar
Yes Jah, Christopher Columbus, he's a liar


  Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
KING OF THE ROAD , Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



KING OF THE ROAD , Lamborghini Aventador LP700,4 --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Every weekend my elder son and a couple of his software friends fly off to Las Vegas to let out their steam.

It is more of a necessity as in the R&D business where you keep writing computer software codes--  if you cant get your inbuilt stresses unlocked , you get burnt out.

Lot of people do NOT understand the difference between stressed out and burnt out. 



Punch into google search BURNED OUT VERSUS STRESSED OUT  VADAKAYIL.



They stay at the super expensive Bellagio or Caesars's palace and splurge. 



He gambles on the roulette, craps and black jack.  My wife has brought him up well, and he gives her a blow by blow account , and so I am not alarmed.



They take expensive sports cars on rent at the Las Vegas speedway and race with each other.



Last week my son took Christiano Ronaldo's car, the Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4.  



Only difference is that Ronaldo's car is matte black.  Ronaldo treated himself on his 27th birthday with this super car.   

My son says this purist's dream is THE king of the road,  for he was easily able to outpace all these mundane Ferraris, Porsches, Aston Martins etc.  

The car has amazing and extremely exact wheel control with excellent steering precision and sensitive feedback with a robotized gearbox.

Aventador name has a  symbolic connection to the world of fighting bulls, sharing a name with the legendary Aventador, a trophy-winning high spirited bull in the world of Spanish bullfighting. This fine animal had entered into battle in October 1993 at the Saragossa Arena, earning the "Trofeo de la Peña La Madroñera" for its outstanding courage, against all odds. 

The start button, instantly fires the high-performance growling engine into life.



With a top speed of 349 kilometers per hour on a 7 speed transmission, with instant response and superb traction , this car is indeed a beast-- no wonder it was chosen for the 2012 movie "Dark knight rises ".. 

The car presented at the Geneva show was the only unit to be produced, and was sold for US$2.8 million.

The Aventador posted the third fastest time ever recorded on the Top Gear track with a time of 1:16.5, handily beating not only the monstrous $2 mil Bugatti Veyron Super Sport, The Ferrari Enzo and the Porsche GT3,  but an extensive list of A-list super cars from around the world.


  
Every line has a clear function, every form is dictated by its need for speed, yet the overall look is nothing less than spectacular and breathtaking. 

To flaunt its engine , the engine  bonnet is transparent so at to showcase  the twelve-cylinder V12 like a technical work of art—what more do you want?.

The interior is dominated by a next-generation dashboard - as in a modern fighter aircraft, the instruments are presented on a TFT-LCD screen using innovative display concepts.

A self-blocking rear differential together with a front differential electronically controlled by ESP make for even more dynamic handling.



On the front axle, the shock absorbers are equipped with a hydraulic lifting system, which enables the front end of the super sports car to be lifted by 40 millimeters at the touch of a button, simplifying its ability to negotiate minor obstacles—how do  you like that?.

It’s brutal power, outstanding lightweight engineering and phenomenal handling precision are combined with peerless design and the very finest equipment to deliver an unparalleled driving experience.

Today if you have half a million dollars to splurge , you can buy a personalized model-- like Christiano Ronaldo.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
ABOLISH THE RAJYA SABHA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DO AWAY WITH RAJYA SABHA , BACK DOOR ENTRY TO PROSTITUTE THE PARLIAMENTARY SYSTEM AND CONSTITUTION,  PM MANMOHAN SINGH A RAJYA SABHA MEMBER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Two days ago I saw Congress Rajya Sabha MP Mani Shankar Aiyer, on TV doing Hindu bashing, which always make W very happy. 

He was talking about Hindu terror , supporting what yuv-raj Rahul Gandhi told ( Wiki leaks ) the US ambassador,  that RSS is a worse terrorist organisation than Lashkar E Toiba.



I remember Mani Shankar's close relative telling me that he is a hard core Hindu Brahmin Iyer at heart and that he does all this to please the W and that he really does NOT have a choice about this.  

For he cannot win any election anywhere in India , having lost them miserably --as the whole of India ( especially the Tamilians )  hates this slimy but articulate ( in English )  speech writer man.

If Sonia Gandhi gets upset with Mani Shankar Aiyer,  that is the end of his political career and Rajya Sabha perks ( like a nice bungalow ). 

He is a nominated member and even his assets cannot be checked, as they are NOT required to submit affidavits.  


Really there should have been a rule that if a MP loses a Lok Sabha election ( like Mani Shankar Aiyar or BR Ambedkar ) he must be banned from Rajya Sabha membership for at least 8 years.  Otherwise what is the meaning of "will of the people"?

And recently we had the actor writer Girish Karnad doing Hindu bashing ,  just to be in the good books of the UPA pseudo secularists .   He is hoping to get a Rajya Sabha membership soon.   



By the way , have you noticed that when Sonia Gandhi goes to villages to beg for votes she sports a Hindu bindi on her forehead, to convince the illiterate Hindu masses-- that she is a loyal Hindu wife of Rajiv Gandhi , who bore children with Hindu names Priyanka ( Bianca ) and Rahul ( Raul ) ?

A few days ago I drove my wife to Mookambika temple – an ancient Hindu temple deep in the forest. To my surprise I found AXIS BANK there with a ATM .  

Axis bank is a Rothschild controlled bank.  The first AXIS BANK branch was inaugurated in April 1994 in Ahmedabad by Dr. Manmohan Singh, then the Honorable Finance Minister via back door entry Rajya Sabha.

Check out their SUPER AGGRESSIVE property grabbing overdrive-- reminds me of Shylock and Fagin..

"Apply for Axis Bank's Loan Against Property.  We will give you a loan against your property.  Be it commercial or residential".



Indira Gandhi was a desh bhakt ( patriot ) like Rajiv Gandhi. 

The moment Indira Gandhi nationalized the Indian banks, and pulled the carpet from under the feet of the International banking CARTEL,  her fate was sealed.  



World intrigue is beyond the perception of a common gullible man.   Khalistan terrorists were just pawns .  Even the Sikhs who shot Indira Gandhi would NOT know who is behind this false flag attack.

If you want to know what a false flag attack is – punch into Google search CRYPTOS, DOUBLE AGENTS, FALSE FLAGS , DECEPTION VADAKAYIL



Above: what to do next.

How do you think our current Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was shunted to the PM’s chair? He is NOT an elected MP from Lok Sabha—he lost his elections just like Mani Shankar Aiyer. 

PM Manmohan Singh worked for a R0thschild financial concern before he became India's Finance Minister, as a part of re-orientation.  

He was the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in R0thschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.



Our poor PM Chandrasekhar was reduced to selling our gold in 1991, and World Bank and IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Singh was made Finance Minister.  



Above: Lady Lynn R0thchild with Manmohan Paaji.

And later Sonia would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Paaji as PM--  going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy.

How nice,  how convenient!

The UPA government made a big hue and cry that Kiran Bedi of Anna Hazare group tried to get a medical seat for her daughter via the Mizoram quota.

How conveniently they have forgotten that Manmohan Singh came by deceit too, via the Assam quota . Hey, can you imagine our Manmohan Paaji from Assam?

When was he resident there?

—in his dreams?

With the domicile restriction inherent in our constitution is thus thrown into the garbage bin, any money bag can brown nose their way into Rajya Sabha.

The requirement of residence of a state to be a Rajya Sabha member from that state was done away some years back—to subvert the system.  

This is why we have a  foreign choice Rajya Sabha Prime Minister today,  who signed away our nuclear rights.




The CM of Bihar Nitish kumar, CM of West Bengal Mamta Banerjee, CM of Maharashtra Ashok Chavan and the CM of Jharkhand Arjun Munda were all un elected Rajya Sabha members.

Br Ambedkar’s foreign studies at opium funded Rothschild’s Columbia University was sponsored by Rothschild , the owner of British East India Company himself. 

The intense grooming of BR Ambedkar to put fissures into Hindusim was a long drawn out one.  BR Ambedkar did NOT spend one single minute fighting for India’s freedom.

The Indian constitution was a copy of the British system .  Dr B. R. Ambedkar was just the Chairman of a eminent team consisting of K M Munshi, Alladi Krishnaswamy Iyer, N Gopalaswami Ayengar , Madhava Rao , Md. Saadullah and TT Krishnamachari and a  constitutional advisor Sir Benegal Narsing Rau .

BR Ambedkar sponsored a “House of Lords “ Rajya Sabha system for his own personal ambitions. For he could never win an election.  

BR Ambedkar independently contested an election in 1952 to Lok Sabha and lost miserably.  He lost  all the 3 times he stood for elections in dalit majority constituencies. 

During British times , Council of States represented princely states and had a membership of 216 members. There was no need to have Rajya Sabha when India became a republic.

OK, I reckon we can make a single concession here. The dethroned Kings and Princes needed an EGO MASSAGE.  And the Rajya Sabha served this purpose well, for if not kings at least they felt like kingmakers.


BR Ambedkar was personally appointed by Nehru to Rajya Sabha under R0thschild’s pressure, in March 1952 and would remain there as a member until his death.  For with his British sponsorship gone, and the Indian masses hating him— he needed a life line.

See how short Indian memories are.  Today he is called a VERY popular man.

CNN IBN even held a sham internet poll and made him the “ Greatest Indian after Gandhi” . Who ever told foreign funded TV channel CNN IBN that we Indians think that Gandhi is the greatest Indian ?

Punch into Google search--
MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY  VADAKAYIL
and
THE DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI  VADAKAYIL


The house of Lords in England was a ploy by the Free Masons who wanted to remore control the country. 

Much later R0thschild being the owner of British East India Copmany hijacked the English parliamentary system totally. Even the king of England dared NOT cross his path, for he controlled the money.  



So, ostensibly the House of Lords is there to stop the foolish bumpkin members of House of Commons from passing bad laws.  

The unstoppable will of a partisan Commons would meet the immovable rock of Gibralter of Lordly integrity

Oh boy!  

Spare me!

And since these unpopular and hated rich moneybags could never hope to get elected, it was fiated that they need not win any election.  House of Lords was packed with R0thschild’s cronies and that included the Church of England too, for they managed the Vatican’s finances.  


The Freemason arguments for the British House of Lords was -- that it can act to revise laws that have been badly drafted or thought out by the House of Commons.  That is a bullshit argument!  

Imagine on some car production line, where it was argued that for every assembly line worker, it was necessary to employ another worker to check that they had done their work properly, and to correct it if they hadn't!  

Which business runs this way? 

Yet MP's and English Peers get paid, several times what assembly line workers get paid, who are expected to do their job properly first time or get the sack!  If this is the mentality of politicians, then it is no wonder that every thing ends up being immoral, inefficient and hugely expensive.  

Remember in India our Rajya Sabha members included Dara Singh,  Sachin Tendulkar,  MF Hussian, Lata Mangeshkar , Jaya Bachchan , with a Rekha thrown in for good measure ( to put a mangy spoke in a hissing Jaya's mental wheel or rather cramp her style)  etc.



Prime Minister David Cameron has set in place ambitious plans to replace Britain's 700-year-old House of Lords, the country's unelected upper chamber, with a smaller, mostly elected body.

The House of Lords consists of over 800 members, a sizable number of whom don’t actually bother attending or voting much at all.  Of these 800, the vast majority are politically appointed life peers, with the remainder made up of 91 hereditary peers and 25 Anglican bishops and archbishops

Look at it this way.  Where is the place in  a modern democratic society for an unelected and undemocratic House of Lords.   

How do you develop spontaneous integrity just because you are rich and powerful?  PRAY?  PRITHEE? 

Is it fair that in a modern society you continue to longer allow  privilege or honours ( which are open to abuse ) to give individuals the right to decide laws andpolicy for the rest of society.

And in India we have a dynasty ruling. 

What type of democracy is this, bhaiyya ?  

We have a prince in waiting, who his parliament colleagues say, cant think for nuts!



See the INSANE video above.

Suggest you go to your bosses cabin and tell him something like this-- and see how you get kicked out  the same hour.

BANKING IS IN YOUR PANTS, BANKING IN YOUR SHIRT

NAVIGATION IS IN YOUR PANTS , NAVIGATION IN YOUR SHIRT

REFRIGERATION IS IN YOUR PANTS,  REFRIGERATION IS IN YOUR SHIRT

SURGERY IS IN YOUR PANTS ,  SURGERY IS IN YOUR SHIRT.

BANANA IS  --

forget it -- it is not worth it.


Nowadays all voting in the Lok Sabha is by a show of hands ( by party whip) or by shouting AYE or NAY.

Where is the democracy in this?  If any MP uses his conscience and cross votes he will be immediately persecuted by CBI raids and Income tax raids and then disgraced forever to be a political pariah. 

Jagan Reddy can tell you more about this.  His father YSR was the thief, yet the son is in jail ?   

YSR was given a  free run by the Queen bee , as he converted the people of Andhra Pradesh to Christianity using state funds.

Even the secret electronic ballot system is a farce. The suspect members who may cross vote are watched by the party MPs on either side of him and behind him.  For he has to hold down two buttons for a few seconds and he cannot shield which button he is pressing.  Big brother wins here and democracy goes for a toss .


Couple this with anti defection laws which binds all MPs, MLAs to party whips and not the wished of the electorate who sent them to parliament .  Our state governors are un elected minions or the most servile variety.  Are we a democracy?


Lok sabha can have a maximum of 552 members. At present, there are 545 members out of which 2 are nominated by the President from the angrez ka aulads -- nay-- Anglo-Indian community.  

On the other hand, Rajya Sabha have 250 members out of which 12 members have been nominated by the President from amongst the persons having special knowledge in art, science, literature etc.

The members of the Lok Sabha are elected on the basis of Universal Adult Franchise whereas the members of the Rajya Sabha are elected by the Legislative assembly of each state through proportional representation.
Lok Sabha is dissolved after every five years or earlier by the president. 

On the other hand, Rajya Sabha is a permanent body which is not subject to dissolution. One-third of its members retire after every second year.

Huge sums of money are being spent to become Rajya Sabha members making this Indian House of Lords a  fish market. Those who give funds to political parties make a sort of investment and milk it out multifold later.

Rajya Sabha seats are more in demand than Lok Sabha seats.  Lata Mangeshkar ,MF Hussain etc were never seen in their honourable seats. 

We have power brokers lobbying and pimping for Rajya Sabha seats –highest bidder gets it.  The paid news foreign funded media is also in this game.

The Election Commission had to countermanded elections from Jharkhand to this Millionaires Club, because of big role of money power by money-tycoons contesting elections to the Rajya Sabha.

Former Union Defence Minister George Fernandes was made a Rajya Sabha member even without an oath as he is medically unfit. His relatives are enjoying the perks like a ministerial bungalow, servants, monetary benefits and other princely privileges.  How can we have a MP who has not taken an oath, bhaiyya ?

NTR and MGR had abolished Legislative Councils in Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu. They were revived by Congress and DMK. The Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister recently remarked that the Rajya Sabha should be abolished. In 1954 and 1973, resolutions were moved in the Lok Sabha seeking to abolish the Rajya Sabha.  Both these resolutions were unsuccessful.  

Attempts to abolish the Rajya Sabha have also been made by introducing private member bills in the Lok Sabha.  These private member bills seeking constitutional amendment were introduced in 1971, 1972, 1975 and 1981.  None of these Bills was passed by the Lok Sabha.

Membership of Rajya Sabha is limited to 250 members, 12 of whom are nominated by the President of India for their contributions to art, literature, science and social services. The remainder of the body is elected by the state and territorial legislatures. Terms of office is six years, with one third of the members retiring every two years.

The Constitution-makers conferred equal powers to both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha except in certain financial matters,  voting of supplies (Demands for Grants),  and power to make or unmake governments.

In regard to  Money and certain Financial Bills, there are restrictions on the powers of the Rajya Sabha in the matter of initiation, amendability or delaying of such Bills. They cannot be introduced in the Rajya Sabha; cannot be amended directly and cannot be delayed by more than fourteen days. However, in respect of Financial Bills without money clauses, there are no such limitations.

The Rajya Sabha meets in continuous sessions and, unlike the Lok Sabha, the lower house of Parliament, is not subject to dissolution. The Rajya Sabha has equal footing in all areas of legislation with Lok Sabha, except in the area of supply, where the Lok Sabha has overriding powers. 

In the case of conflicting legislation, a joint sitting of the two houses is held. However, since the Lok Sabha has twice as many members as the Rajya Sabha, it would normally hold the greater power.  Only three such joint-sessions have been held; the latest one for the passage of the 2002 Prevention of Terrorism Act.  

If any Emergency is declared by the President of India during the dissolution of the Lok Sabha, then that proclamation is to be approved by the Rajya Sabha.

The Council of Ministers is not responsible to the Rajya Sabha, but there is no constitutional bar to the members of Rajya Sabha being appointed as Ministers. At different times, the members of Rajya Sabha have been appointed as Cabinet Ministers in charge of important Departments like Home, Foreign Affairs, and Human Resources Development etc.

The former Prime Ministers, I. K. Gujral and H. D. Deve Gowda, were both members of the Rajya Sabha.



The composition and functioning of the Rajya Sabha go against the basic principle of federalism. First, the constituent units are not equally represented in the Rajya Sabha. In the United States of America each state sends two members to the Senate. But in India, this equality of states in sending members to the Upper House is absent. The large states send many more members to the Rajya Sabha than small states.

The Rajya Sabha members of a state are guided more by party loyalty by their concern for the state which they represent in it. They are more interested in defending their party than in fighting for the state concerned in the Upper House—THUS DEFEATING THE VERY PURPOSE OF THE RAJYA SABHA.

For the purpose of the Rajya Sabha is to hold graceful, non partisan, dispassionate and dignified debates on important issues and to delay legislation which might be the outcome of the passion of the moment. Instead the Rajya Sabha has become the last refuge of a political scoundrel like Mani Shankar Aiyer, whom  people do not want. 

 It has even become a shelter for retired or second-rate politicians as a mark of gratitude for past back scratching done.  Many Rajya Sabha members, both in the past and at present, are those who were defeated in Lok Sabha elections.

Unwanted and tainted politician fails to get the ticket of his party to contest in the Lok Sabha election. He will then manipulate the party machinery to be elected from the State Legislative Assembly to the Rajya Sabha.

The latest LAME EXCUSE of W for not passing major bills is that UPA does not have a  a majority in RS.

A whopping 55 individuals were elected unopposed to the Rajya Sabha recently. Of these 55, a fairly large number do not truly reside in the state they represent nor do they necessarily enjoy the confidence of the people in the states that they claim to speak on behalf of in Delhi. 



There has been very little debate on how W and AKD have come to distribute Rajya Sabha tickets with not even the semblance of a contest.

The manner in which the Rajya Sabha has become an avenue for permanent political rehabilitation of “hindu bashing “ MPs who have lost favour with the public , has contributed in many ways to the widespread political culture in Delhi of patronage and entitlement.

Many things done by the Lok Sabha are repeated the Rajya Sabha. There is unnecessary duplication of work and the process is expensive as well as time-consuming.

By abolishing the Rajya Sabha, the money that is being given to the members as salary, and spent on enormous perks will be saved and can be utilized for developments of the nation.



A fixed number of Rajya Sabha seats to each state will   bring a much needed balance to Parliament in the true spirit of federalism.  In fact, members of the Rajya Sabha who will be elected by state-wide ballots will be rightly empowered to speak on behalf of states' interests in Delhi as a check against the anti-federal impulses a Hindu hating ruler with 100% foreign DNA.

A reform of the Rajya Sabha requiring its members to be directly elected by the people of a state is long overdue.  A state-wide ballot to elect a Rajya Sabha member bring back a culture of politics where chief ministers feel directly accountable to the people at a personal level.

If the Rajya Sabha was made was to allow intellectuals, thinkers, experts to be in the legislative process then why do we have pea brained film actors, cricketers etc?   


With 12 distinguished members nominated by the President and the job of chairman (ex-officio) set aside for the Vice President, the House has a certain dignity, prestige and authority written into its composition. 

OH YEAH?

How many of these pompous jokers can beat a 15 year old illiterate chaiwalla boy in Mumbai or Calcutta in a computer derived IQ test?

19 ministers in the UPA government were Rajya Sabha members.  

Suresh Kalmadi could get into Indian Parliament through Rajya Sabha nomination.   Anil Ambani and Vijay Mallya could hobnob with Indian parliamentarians to promote their private enterprises.How do these indirectly appointed souls, represent the interests of the people?

Hey, how about having a single retired army General or an Admiral ( for 1.3 million soldiers and a budget of around 100 billion USD soon ) or a retired RAW chief in the Rajya Sabha .

Our military budget expenditure is quite a lot and desh drohi rogues are lobbying and pimping for sweet deals. The ruling UPA coterie has stashed away billions of black money abroad, as per the opposition .

Over three-fourths of the winners in the just concluded Rajya Sabha polls are millionaires, while more than one-fourth have criminal cases pending against them, according to National Election Watch.




In India we have too many institutions and chambers which are indirectly elected by the people.  Indian people directly elect MLAs and MPs.  These MLAs and MPs in turn elect the MLCs, the Chief Ministers, the Prime Minister, and even the Rajya Sabha members.  The MLAs, MPs, MLCs, the Rajya Sabha members in turn elect the President. 

So, in fact, a huge portion of Indian Government is indirectly elected - the MLCs, the Chief Minister, the Prime Minister, entire Rajya Sabha, and the President.  While one can rationalize election of the individual positions like CM, PM and President being elected by a body of elected leaders, the election of an entire house indirectly does not make sense.

Compare this with United States.  The people directly elect Congressmen, the Senators, the Governor of each state, and the President.

A bullshit merit attributed to Rajya Sabha is to actually delay a hasty legislation passed by stupid MPs is Lok Sabha.  That does not make sense.  

How can an appointed body stop or delay ( even for incubation ) a legislation passed by directly elected leaders, without going against the spirit of democracy?  

More so when Rajya sabha is like "management quota" seats which the management sell to make their money or grab leverage out of fixers. 



Many businessmen have made it to Rajya Sabha by paying money to party presidents or MLAs. Recently a Rajya Sabha election was countermanded because around two crore rupees were found in a car and that money was meant to be payment to MLAs.




Here are some hard facts .
--A total of 41 MPs in Rajya Sabha have pending criminal cases against them
--Out of these 227 MPs analyzed, 41 (18%) MPs have declared pending criminal cases against
them.  
--Out of these 41 MPs with pending criminal cases analyzed by NEW, 13 MPs have serious
criminal cases like attempt to murder, voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means,
obscene acts and songs etc. pending against them.  
--8 out of 29  (28%) MPs analyzed from Uttar Pradesh have criminal cases pending against them
--There are 20 IPC charges of heinous nature on MPs which include attempt to murder,
voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means, obscene acts and songs, etc.
--There are a total 86 criminal cases pending against MPs of Rajya Sabha.
--Out of 227 MPs analyzed by NEW, 131 (58%) of are crorepatis. 
--Out of 227 MPs analyzed, the average asset per MP of Rajya Sabha is Rs 12.14 crore.


  
CM of UP Mayawati told it all when she said at a recent rally recently in a blunt manner “ Our PM  Manmohan Singh has not contested any public election…he was dragged through the back door in Rajya Sabha and made prime minister” .  



It is true as Manmohan Singh lost the 1999 Lok Sabha election from the posh South Delhi constituency very badly.

Rajya Sabha suited the British , for it is a legacy of colonial,  when the enslaved stupid masses had to be given the vote but still could not be trusted with a full set of keys to the house. 

Rajya Sabha membership has essentially become a party nomination rather than an election,  even an indirect one.  Almost without exception, Rajya Sabha members are now mostly party apparatchiks or even a few outsiders,  but in any case subject only to the approval of party leaderships rather than even a rudimentary election.

Do we really need pomp and show governors and Lt Governors?

It is high time that the Rajya Sabha and Vidhan Parishads be abolished.  These are a drag on public exchequer.  

The Indian tax payers have for long tolerated this rampant abuse of an institution by a planted foreign woman who has shown scant regard for either the original intent of our constitution  or for national interest.



Above -- our lady with a wig -- Rajya Sabha member Brinda Karat who loves Hindu bashing -- yet wears a bindi.  Her sister Radhika is married to Hindu hating foreign funded Prannoy Roy of NDTV.   Brinda accused Yoga Guru Ram Dev of adding human body parts in his medicines, because the Christain Western tourists started buying these medicines , making the multi-national pharmas jittery . This can never win an election in India, holidays abroad with her husband Prakash Karat -- the Gen Secretary of Communist Party Marxists.

After abolishing Rajya Sabha if needed Lok Sabha MPs seats can be increased. There must be one representative per 15 lakh people. India’s population being 12500 lakhs the strength of Lok Sabha should be 900.  

With such large number strict rules must be made to deter noisy disrupters like monetary fines and suspension.  If Parliament House cannot hold that many members Lok Sabha , the hall must be retro-installed.


House of Lords in England was a creation of R0thschild, so that he could VETO the voice of the people.

In India Rajya Sabha is the fountain head of anti-national activity and corruption.   

Thousands of crores of rupees change hands.  

Government servants subvert justice to secure a Rajya Sabha seat of a Governor’s seat later after they retire.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, THREE LIGHT FLASHES , VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU,  VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT AND PURE AWARENESS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Ever since Sabarimala has become the world’s No 1 annual pilgrimage spot, there has been an immoral effort by Vatican ( Joshua Project 2 ) to run down the three Makaravilakku flashes on Makara Sankranti  evening twilight as man-made and fake.

What is the need to ridicule other religions?

Who has ever claimed that these flashes are divine?  

Of course they are man made.

These three flashes have to do with a Vedic science of the magic of pure awareness – nowadays called Quantum entrainment.



Makaravilakku is man made as part of a Vedic homam.  Makarajyothi is a star which becomes visible at twilight and once it is seen the Makaravilakku is lit on a hilltop east of the Sabarimala Sannidhanam. 

Makarajyothi star will be there the next day too in the same place.

If you want to know the story behind this homam ( havanam ) punch into google search -SABARIMALA MAKARA VILAKKU MAKARA SANKRANTI  VADAKAYIL



On Google Earth this havam fire spot  is at Latitude 09 deg 22 min 04.98 sec N and Longitude 077 deg 07 min 11.29 sec E,   at a height of 3562 feet above sea level - or at a direction of about 125 deg true from the Sannidhanam of Sabarimala. 





The pilgrims go there for a purpose. 

The whole idea is to see the 3 flashes.  
The few seconds of time between the second and third flashes is one of pure awareness, which causes group resonance and quantum entrainment.  Prana is amplified and focused like a laser beam.

The number of pilgrims are increasing every year. So what do the pilgrims seek and get ?  

After all they are NOT fools to cleanse themselves with 41 days of fasting and prayer. 

They abstain from all worldy pleasures  for 41 days , before they take the dangerous trek through dark jungles infested with tigers, with bare feet.


"The sharp edge of a razor is difficult to pass over; thus the wise say the path to Salvation is hard,"-- Katha-Upanishad. 5000 BC




This is what get seek and receive by a quantum process last explained by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC ( Advaita ) from the 7000 year old Vedic texts --

Improvement of self-confidence , motivation , focus and concentration.
Getting rid of anxiety, stress, worry and tension .
Overcoming  emotional and mental blocks that are creating negativity .
Improving your mental power , mental clarity, and hence creativity.
Strengthening  your relationships.
Boosting the immune system and improving  health and happiness by allowing the body’s natural intelligence to do whatever it takes.

Sounds a bit crazy?

NO!

This is quantum physics .

Till recently the West scoffed at our Vedic theories of brain waves.  

Not any more!

Now the whole world knows what is EEG and ECG. Today the intelligent and learned people of the West respect our 7000 year old Vedas and are in awe. These people opt to be cremated the Hindu way, rather than being buried.

MODERN QUANTUM PHYSICS HAS YET TO COME IN TERMS WITH THIS WRITTEN ANCIENT 7000 YEAR OLD VEDIC ENTANGLEMENT, ENTRAINMENT AND GROUP RESONANCE -- WHICH ACTIVATES THE AUTONOMOUS NERVOUS SYSTEM .


Quantum healing works outside the fabric of space time, and does NOT follow cause/ effect rules.

Quantum Entrainment is a natural process of human consciousness .All you need is pure awareness. The brief few seconds between the second and third flashes is one of pure awareness.

The Bhagavad Gita puts it:  “Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.”  



Yes Quantum entrainment has been pounded into the head of Arjuna by Lord Krishna in 4000 BC.

Pure awareness is a simple experience —just a small gap in your thinking when you are without ego -- a small space of nothing--shuniata. 


Why did I talk about being ego less?  Because at Sabarimala all are same.  There is no special treatment given to the rich or powerful.




 “Nothing” doesn’t give answers, it IS the answer.   Deep peace is the side effects of this experience of “no-thing” or “no-thought.”

You experience that small gap in between your thoughts, between the second and third flash.  Thousands are experiencing the same along with you.  Thousands have opened the third eye for a few seconds . 

Sabarimala Makaravilakku is the only experience on this planet which affords you this magic.

This is not a meditation. This is a shift in perception. It is the realization that you are more than your thoughts.  Something is there beyond your mind.   

Quantum entrainment  is a process that instantly gives the body, mind and spirit deep rest and fast healing.  It works in seconds.  Yes, pure awareness is the deepest rest you can get.

The quantum entrained pilgrim does “nothing,” yet everything gets done for him.



Modern physics is familiar now with principle of resonance and the resonant coupling of harmonic oscillators, which also gives rise to sympathetic vibrations. Entrainment, sympathetic vibration, resonant frequencies, and resonant systems all fall under the rubric of resonance. 

Resonance can be broadly defined as "the impact of one vibration on another”  The amazing aspect of resonance is the process of entrainment-- changing the rate of brain waves, breaths, or heartbeats from one speed to another through exposure to external, periodic rhythms. 

All this was known to our ancient Maharishis who explored consciousness and sympathetic resonance. The neurochemical processes of human consciousness ring with their own distinct wave patterns. . When you resonate with something, you are emitting a wave signature which is "in sync" with it. 



By applying a constant resonant frequency to a standing wave, you can intensify, reinforce, and prolong the standing frequency of that wave. By applying these concepts of resonance to waves emitted by the brain, it is possible to induce altered brain states. 

The maharishis practiced harmonic Resonance which involved the entrainment of the brain to resonate with the frequency of any planet in the solar system. They used simple principles of resonance and entrainment to alter their consciousness and others too.





When two things vibrate at different frequencies, there is a tendency for the vibrations to come together.  Most often, the slower vibration will rise to match the faster frequency.  

In physics, entrainment theory is the process where two vibrating objects, vibrating at different speeds, start to vibrate at the same speed when energy is transferred between the two objects.

Entrainment shows up in chemistry, neurology, biology, medicine, and more. For example a group of fireflies will flash at the same time.  

When you take two pendulum clocks and placed them on a wall near each other and swung the pendulums at different rates, they would eventually end up swinging at the exact same rate. They fell into rhythm with one another as per the  basic laws of physics. 




This entrainment happens on emotional levels too, such as what happens when you walk into a room full of people who are merry and your depressed mood magically lifts to match theirs. Even our brain waves follow this physics principle.

DNA, molecules, cells, tissue, organs and even the position of bones all respond to the powerful vibration of our intention as expressed through life-force energy.


When a heart transplant patient receives a foreign new heart. the heart must entrain to it's new body or the transplant will fail.  That's a biological and medical case of entrainment.



When we allow pure awareness to suffuse our consciousness, the magic begins. Quantum entrainment effectively heals the body, mind, emotions, and spirit.  It is also applied to life circumstances like professional concerns and personal relationships.

Doctors don’t cure and medicines don’t cure.  It is Eu -feeling born of awareness of pure awareness that cures. Healing energy is created and naturally goes wherever it is needed.





Negative thoughts therefore create negative feelings and hence stress and illness. Our inner voice evaluates, judges, compares and worries. Most people live with such a tormentor in their head draining them of energy.  It is an awful burden not to be able to stop thinking. Up to 90 % of most people’s thoughts are meaningless playbacks of old “records”.

There are connections between quantum mechanics and consciousness. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and desire.

As per the Vedas perception occurs in the gap of alert attention. This is the inner space. You can create a gap in the mind stream simply by directing the focus of your attention into the NOW.  Consciousness enables us to think and at the same time observe our thinking process.

When you visit new places , the experiencing and sense perception takes up more of their consciousness than thinking .

Scalar waves is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness  influence each other.

World peace cannot be accomplished on the level of governments. World peace comes from individuals who are peaceful.  

The Sabarimala pilgrims thus contribute to world peace . 


Before Parashurama came to Kerala the Malayyars lives in the mountains and the Thirayyar ( or sea navigators ) in the plains. The Malayyars have been lighting this homan fire for 6000 years.

The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.
********************************************************************
ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY , ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC, SANATANA DHARMA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY ,  SANATANA DHARMA WAY OF LIFE,  ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


The greatest son of Kerala ( my home state in India ) is Adi Sankaracharya who was born in 2000 BC at Kaladi.   

He was a 12 strand DNA seer with raised Kundalini , the world’s greatest and original philosopher,  intellectual , scholar and poet.  

He mastered the Vedas written in 5000 BC,  at the tender age of five.   

The white Christian invader pushed this great man back in history by an astounding 2800 years, so that his philosophy could be stolen and attributed to the West as a measure of blatant racism—to prove that Indians are worthless . 

This is the same pathetic mindset which forced them to say that the blue eyed blond white Aryan invaded India and wrote our Vedas and Upanishads.

Shankara’s  philosophy is now patented in the names of ancient Greek philosophers and the modern European philosophers.  

They will  never write anywhere that both Plato and Pythagoras were students in India.  

They made cock and bull stories,  and had it legitimized by the opportunistic and servile Tamilian Indian Brahmins.  

That Sankaracharya was a contemporary of the great Tamil saint Kulashekhara Alwar (sic )who was also a Chera king.  That while on the banks of the river Narmada,  he saved Guru Govinda Bhagawatpad from drowning in a cave, while in Samadhi.  

That Govinda Bhagavatpada is said to have asked Adi Shankara who he was.  That Adi Shankara then replied with a verse composed extempore, that brought out clearly the Advaita philosophy, and hence being pleased like pudding Shankara was then initiated as Govinda Bhagavatapada's disciple (sic).  

That a grateful Govinda initiated him into Sanyas and taught him the four Mahavakyas – Tat tvamasi, Prajnanam Brahma, Aham Brahmasmi and Ayamatma Brahma.

They further cooked up imaginary debates of Adi Shankara with the ritualist Maṇḍana Miśra, who then became a disciple of Shankaracharya (sic) and assumed the name Suresvaracharya .     

BLAH BLAH.




To find out what a fractal brain is ( which Adi Shankaracharya had  like Tesla and Ramanujan ) punch into Google search THE FRACTAL MIND OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN VADAKAYIL

It is lore that Shiva appeared to the parents of Shankaracharya and, and offered them a choice--a  “not so bright”  son who would live a long life, or an extraordinary son who die young. His parents chose the latter, and thus a seer son was born to them.  He was named Shankara (Sanskrit, "bestower of happiness"), in honour of Shiva.



Shankara wrote the Brahmasutra Bhasya on Upanishads and Gita. The first integrator of Hindu India, he established four mathas ( mutts ) in four directions of the country – Jyotirmath in North, Govardhan Math at Puri in east, Shringeri Matha in Karnataka in south and Dwarika math in Gujarat in west ..  

Shankara lived for only 32 years and died at Kedarnath..   

He also composed 240 stotras, prakaran granthas, introductory books such as Upadesh Sahasri, Vivek Chudamani, Aparokshanubhuti etc., in all eighty books in number.    He introduced the tradition of Naam Karan in Hinduism ( ceremony for naming a baby )

4000 years ago when the white man was clubbing down animals and eating raw meat, and doing grunt grunt for language in damp caves , Adi Shankaracharua pondered about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.

He was the first metaphysicist.  Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”.  Its object is to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole. 

It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce. Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . 

A cloud appears to consist of some white, fleecy substance, although in reality it is a concentration of drops of water. Scientific theories can be brought to the test of experience, whereas metaphysical theories cannot.  

Metaphysician is a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands.  He can refute by debate, through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions.  



Indian philosophy is distinctive in its application of analytical rigour to metaphysical problems and goes into very precise detail about the nature of reality, the structure and function of the human psyche and how the relationship between the two have important implications for human salvation (moksha).  

Maharishis centered philosophy on an assumption that there is a unitary underlying order in the universe which is all pervasive and omniscient. The efforts by various schools were concentrated on explaining this order and the metaphysical entity at its source (Brahman). 

The concept of natural law (Dharma) provided a basis for understanding questions of how life on earth should be lived.  The sages urged humans to discern this order and to live their lives in accordance with it.

If you close your eyes for a moment and try to focus your attention on your inner self, it will seem easy at first. You will be immediately aware of feelings, hopes, thoughts, desires, fears, and a general sense of yourself. 

This is the inner you, right?

Wrong!

According to Advaita , if you are aware of something, it isn't really you. 

The real you (the atman) is the part that's aware. It's not anything of which you are aware.  According to Advaita , it can't be the real you. The real you is the part that is aware, not anything that you're aware of.
This kind of examination is called viveka (discrimination) in Sanskrit. It is a main component of the traditional method of Jñana Yoga.


Pramāna, means correct knowledge, arrived at by thorough reasoning, of any object.

In Advaita Vedānta , the following pramāṇas are accepted:

Pratyakṣa (perception), the knowledge gained by means of the senses. That which is immediately perceived to be so; This knowledge can be corrected, e.g. if one perceives a piece of rope to be a snake.



Anumāna (inference), the knowledge gained by means of inference. That which is perceived as true through previous knowledge, e.g. to knows that it is a fire because smoke can be seen in the sky (the two are related through a universal law)

Śabda (verbal testimony), the knowledge gained by means of texts such as Vedas (also known as Āptavākya, Śabda pramāṇa)

Upamāna (comparison), the knowledge gained by means of analogy or comparison. That which is perceived as true since it compares to previous, confirmed, knowledge. To know that something is something, e.g. a cat, because one has seen cats before.

Arthāpatti (postulation), the knowledge gained by superimposing the known knowledge on an appearing knowledge that does not concur with the known knowledge. I.e. To see someone gain weight while knowing they are fasting, imposes the knowledge that the person is secretly eating.

Anupaladbhi (negation), the knowledge gained through the absence of the object. That which is true through a negation. Classic e.g. karatale ghato nasti - the pot is not on the palm. The pot could be elsewhere. So the place (on the palm) of its absence is also important.





Dialectic,  in advaita philosophy,  is a method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.  




The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another. 



This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or loud rhetoric of pea-brained and graceless evangelists , which is a relatively long oration conducted by a single person.



Empiricism, is  a doctrine that affirms that all ideas and knowledge are a posteriori, that is, derived from and based on experience, and denies that they can ever be a priori, that is, discoverable without having to rely on the senses.  Laws that express  relationships between phenomena, without making any claims about the underlying causes of the phenomena, are called empirical laws.  



The meaning of the term experience is generally limited to the impressions and sensations received by the senses. Thus, knowledge is the information apprehended by the five sense modalities— hearing, seeing, touching, tasting, and smelling. Such knowledge is always about matters of fact, about what one can see, touch, hear, taste, or smell.

For strict empiricists this definition has the implication that the human mind is passive—it is an organ that receives impressions and more or less records them as they are.  Empiricism then, in the philosophy of science, emphasizes those aspects of scientific knowledge that are closely related to evidence, especially as discovered in experiments. 



It is a fundamental part of the scientific method that all hypotheses and theories must be tested against observations of the natural world, rather than resting solely on a priori reasoning, intuition, or revelation. Hence, science is considered to be methodologically empirical in nature.


The word ‘advait,’ in Sanskrit means ‘non-duality.’


 'Aham brahmAsmi' - I am the totality.



Adi Shankaracharya  set out its basic elements. Part of his philosophy is also concerned with the actual details of spiritual practice and guidance through the guru-student relationship. Consequently, spiritual instruction and the interpretation of authentic teachings (such as the Upanishads) have been core activities for every Advaitic philosopher and teacher since Shankara.





In appreciation of complexity of the Sanatana Dharama philosophy, T S Eliot wrote that the great philosophers of India "make most of the great European philosophers look like schoolboys “

Arthur Schopenhauer used Indian philosophy to improve upon Kantian thought.  In the preface to his book The World As Will And Idea,  Schopenhauer writes that one who "has also received and assimilated the sacred primitive Indian wisdom,  then he is the best of all prepared to hear what I have to say to him".  



The 19th century American philosophical movement Transcendentalism was also influenced by Shankara’s thought.

Advaita Vedanta of Shankara , is one of the main philosophical systems of India . There are two main philosophies while worshiping in Hinduism.

1. Dvaita Bhava ( austerities performed are idol worship, visiting holy places, etc)-- by modern mortal so called saints. ISKON Hare Krishna movement is an example.

2. Advaita Bhava (austerities performed are meditation, pranayama, etc ) by elevated souls or ancient Vedic seers .

Generally for Shankara the Absolute Reality is BrahmAn , the morphogenetic consciousness field, attributeless and impersonal,--

-- while for Madhava and Ramanuja, ( dualists ) the Absolute Truth is Vishnu.

I was amused to see some vulgar fights between the dualists and non-dualists on the internet—cooked up by white Christian men with Hindu names. 

This has always been the ploy of divide and rule.  

This type of petty fights do NOT happen with Hindus who understand Sanatana Dharma . We do NOT have petty meaningless quarrels like shias/ sunnis or protestants / catholics.  

There are many paths to the truth as per large hearted Hinduism, which has NOT reduced itself to a single holy book-- or a single messiah who say that as per our correct way 2+2 = 4 while all other false ways say that 2+2 = 5.

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that brahmAn ( morphogenetic consciousness field )  is the fundamental entity from which everything else has come. 

Darwin and his monkey gang may NOT agree.

Consciousness shapes our material world.  DNA about which Darwin had zilch idea , is a transceiver of information, some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world.

Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.

The ancient 7000 year old Vedanta and quantum physics approach the subject from widely divergent points of view and use vastly different language to treat it.  Yet they can reconcile without diminishing the importance or subtlety of either.  


Scientific Vedanta factoring in the morphogenetic consciousness field or brahmAn is indeed the last frontier .  None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work.  They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis.   

Om Isha vasyam idam sarvam, yat kincha jagatyam jagat'
"All this- whatever exists in this changing universe, is pervaded by consciousness"--Isa Upanishad

Vedanta and Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.  Vedanta examines evidence, asserts hypotheses, quotes established authorities both pro and con its thesis, and closely reasons its way to a well-substantiated conclusion.  

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded.

In Advaita Vedanta, the only reality is Brahman, the Oneness. All else that exists is surface reality of the world around us. Beyond this surface reality lies the true Absolute Reality, and that is Brahman. Brahman is the only reality of this world and all others have only relative reality.

Modern science accepted consciousness only after it got shell shocked by the results of the quantum double slit experiment..  Vedanta has always spoken about the importance of the conscious observer.

No fundamental deficiencies have been found in quantum mechanics, since the past 7 decades. Einstein warned us that science without religion is blind and that religion without science is lame.



Concerning matter, Einstein once remarked, "we have been all wrong. What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses. There is no matter."  He has just quoted from Vedanta which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality.



Advaita is that state of non-duality where there is complete cessation of thoughts such as "I am an individual", "the objects that are seen / perceived are different from me", so on and so forth. In this state, there is no misery or delusion. 



"Tatra ko moha: ka: shoka:"-- "Where is delusion or misery for the one who has realized this non-dual state?"--- Ishavasya Upanishad

In the Upanishadic times, men were not spoken of as good or bad. Instead, they were recognized into two types - the learned and the ignorant. As per Advaita philosophy is that, when you are on the correct path, knowledge which correlates and corroborates with your study comes from within you. That is the real proof that you are on the right track.

When creation occurs, the universe the essence of which was always within Brahman evolves itself and issues out of the Brahman with name and form, this is what is called creation. Brahman creates the world just as a spider creates it's webs out of itself.

The Vedas contain the meaning of consciousness. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms. 



Sankara describes the nature of Brahman as such: “That which permeates all, which nothing transcends and which, like the universal space around us, fills everything completely from within and without, that Supreme nondual Brahman - that thou art.”

In the Indian religious and philosophical traditions, all knowledge is traced back to the Gods and to the Mahrishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands  who "saw" the Vedas. The ancient Vedas tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  morphogenetic consciousness field. 

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.  All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness.


"Without and within all beings the unmoving and also the moving; because of Its subtlety, unknowable; and near and far away is That( brahmAn )". --- Bhagavad Gita, Ch.13,Verses 15 

Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself.  Not only is consciousness responsible for the physical universe and its elements-- it is the universe.  The field of consciousness contains information about everything that has happened since the dawn of time.


"Om purnamadah purnamidam purnaat purnamudachyate,purnasya purnamadaya purnamevaavashishyate"

"That  (consciousness) is full (perfect) ; this (the manifest universe of matter; of names and forms being maya) is full. This fullness has been projected from that fullness. When this fullness merges in that fullness,  all that remains is fullness."--- Isa Upanishad


The fabric of the universe, the primal Field, was created by consciousness and is held in existence by consciousness. The entire universe is the consciousness of the Creator. Consciousness creates energy, it creates matter, and it creates the perspectives of space and time.



There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will, creativity, foresight etc. 

Morphic fields underlie the intelligent organization of proteins, cells, crystals, plants, animals, brains, and minds. They help to explain habits, memories, instincts, telepathy, and the sense of direction. The structure of morphic fields depends on what has happened before. They have an inherent memory and imply that many of the so-called laws of nature are more like habits..



Upanishads, which form the principal source material for Advaita Vedanta.enables us to realize the nature of ourselves and reality-- to recognize that we are perfect and complete.

Strictly speaking, only the teaching as clarified by Shankara should be called ‘Advaita Vedanta’.  Advaita is a system that states that all is the Self.  That which is me, that which is you. That which is the world, that which is in the world, that which is transcendent of the world–all is the Self. . 

Brahman is at best described as that infinite, omnipresent, omnipotent, incorporeal, impersonal, transcendent reality that is the divine ground of all Being. Brahman is also beyond the senses. It is the basis of the material world, which in turn is its illusionary transformation



According to Adi Shankara, Maya is the complex illusionary power of Brahman which causes the Brahman to be seen as the material world of separate forms.  It has two main functions — one is to "hide" Brahman from ordinary human perception, and the other is to present the material world in its stead. 

Maya is also said to be indescribable, though it may be said that all sense data entering ones awareness via the five senses are Maya, since the fundamental reality underlying sensory perception is completely hidden. Maya is neither completely real nor completely unreal and hence indescribable. Its shelter is Brahman.

Brahman is actually indescribable but Brahman itself is untouched by the illusion of Maya, just like a magician is not tricked by his own magic. . When Maya is removed, there exists ultimately no difference between the Jiva-Atman and the Brahman. Such a state of bliss when achieved while living is called Jivan mukti—he liberated soul.  

First of all, understanding Advaita requires you to let go of all that you know or believe to be true...Just let go and make your mind blank. Awareness of our true nature melts away each layer of Maya. Advaita Vedanta can be the spiritual path for both the scientist and the spiritual person, so that the two need not be mutually exclusive.




The central position of the Advaita Vedanta tradition is that in reality there is no difference between consciousness and the universe, no real distinction between the individual, the entire universe and God, Brahman.  Advaita ( non-dual),  declares that the universe is a manifestation of one nondifferentiated reality, expressed in Sanskrit as Brahman,  neuter in gender it literally means “growth”, "development"or the “Supreme transcendent and immanent Reality or the One Godhead.

Karmajam budhiyuktha hi bhalam thyakthwa maneeshina:
janmabandhanavinirmuktha: padam gachandhyanamayam    

Those intelligent people, who think about the truth, who perform their duty or endeavor with skill, and with the evenness of mind with regard to success or failure (yogis), become totally freed from the restraints or shackles from birth onwards, and surely reaches the state of no sorrow.-- [Bhagavad Gita, Chapter 2, verse 51]

Most people seek external happiness from external objects, while the truth is that eternal bliss is within oneself and the search must be made within to attain this supreme bliss.  All the pleasures that are derived from the external objects are trifles compared to that eternal bliss which is the Supreme.  




Hence, it would the greatest help if one could show the way to this eternal bliss.  The Vidya (knowledge) of Advaita philosophy does this supreme help to all, by showing the way to eternal bliss. The concept of Advaita philosophy is to helps to attain liberation, the nature of which is eternal bliss.

I am bound to suffer the consequences of actions I do. That means I cannot escape from experiencing the effects of my actions. So either I experience misery if the result of my action is unfavorable for me or I experience joy if the result of the action is favorable.

Freedom from having to go through the experiencing of ‘sorrow or happiness’ is to be free of ‘bondage.’ That is liberation right in this life or Jivanmukti.

Jivanmukti is the name for staying unperturbed, whatever may be the circumstances (= results of actions done now or in the past), like an unflickering and steady flame from a lamp which is in a place where there is no breeze.

The cause for birth is the Karma load (stock of the results of actions performed) of the individual soul. As long as action is there, Karma is accumulated and that will lead to birth, which in turn will result in death. The cycle goes on. So the only way to completely avoid misery is to get out of this cycle of births and deaths. Hence if one wishes never to be born again, one must attain a state of inactivity.




Desire arises in one's mind only if he sees the objects of the world as external to him.  If there is no second object (non-dual state), then there is no room for any desire at all! Absence of desire leads to inaction on the part of the individual soul which ultimately helps him come out of the cycle of birth and death. 

Once a soul is out of this cycle, there is no scope for misery and hence this state of supreme bliss is known as "Liberation".

Hence, to get freed from miseries, following the same track, one must get rid of the 'Notion of diversity' which is the root cause of desire. This is the road to eternal bliss.  

Swami Vivekananda emphasized samadhi as a means to attain liberation.  The works of Swami Vivekananda, such as his writings on Jnana yoga, have been influential in the spread of Advaita Vedanta in the west.




To understand Maya, you can watch the English movie trilogy Matrix: Most of the storylines are based on Advaita and the Matrix computer program (in the movie) is exactly what Advaita teaches about Maya.





Advaitins believe that suffering is due to Maya. Only knowledge of Brahman can destroy Maya.   Maya tricks us with regard to our selves  When Maya is removed, the truth of "Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya Jivo Brahmaiva Na Aparah" is realized Brahman (the Absolute) is alone real; this world is unreal; the Jiva or the individual soul is non-different from Brahman Such a state of bliss when achieved while living is called Jivanmukta-the liberated soul..

All sense data entering ones awareness via the five senses are Maya.  Maya is neither completely real nor completely unreal, hence indescribable.  Maya is temporary and is transcended with "true knowledge", or perception of the more fundamental reality which permeates Maya.

Maya has two main functions:
To "hide" Brahman from ordinary human perception,
To present the material world in its (Brahmam) place.

Swami Vivekananda explains the concept of Maya as follows:
Maya of the Vedanta, in its last developed form, is neither Idealism nor Realism, nor is it a theory. It is a simple statement of facts—what we are and what we see around us


The world is both unreal and real. but something can't be both true and false at the same time; hence Adi Shankara has classified the world as indescribable.



Adi Sankara says that the world is not real (true), it is an illusion. Adi Sankara gives the following reasoning: Whatever thing remains eternal is true, and whatever is non-eternal is untrue. Since the world is created and destroyed, it is not real (true). Truth is the thing which is unchanging. Since the world is changing, it is not real (false). Whatever is independent of space and time is real (true), and whatever has space and time in itself is not real (false). Just as one sees dreams in sleep, he sees a kind of super-dream when he is waking. The world is compared to this conscious dream.

na jayathe mriyathe va kathachith nayam bhuthua bhavitha va na bhuya:
ajo nithya: shashwathohayam purano na hanyathe hanyamane shareere    

That Supreme Soul or Paramathma or Iswara was never ever born, nor does It die. And since It is now, it does not mean that It will not be. That Soul is unborn, is always, forever, and ancient also. As the (human) body is killed, It is not killed. Bhagawat Gita  [Chapter 2, verse 20]



Bhagavad Gita... the most sacred Scripture of Hinduism existing on Mother Earth ( a 6000 year old pep talk given by Lord Krishna to Prince Arjuna just before a battle ) is without a parallel... it's sublime wisdom shall never get outdated with passage of time!




"As it is anywhere, so it is everywhere."  You are the embodiment of all the Laws of Nature. You are the constitution of the Universe.--7000 year old Rig Veda

Morphogenetic fields help to differentiate cells and form biological systems. They  instruct genes to produce necessary proteins in a given biological environment. Morphogenetic fields are not material, but are more like biological blueprints giving birth to various forms. They carry encoded organizational information.

The Pineal Gland ( Shiva Lingam ) is the seat of consciousness.  The Vedas said that this universe and everything in it are a singularity.

"Yatha pinde tatha brahmande, yatha brahmande tatha pinde"--"As is the individual, so is the universe, as is the universe, so is the individual."  --Yajur Veda 5000 BC.

Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player . There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field,  a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void.

The continuous flow of energy in and out of the material world is THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA. 



Consciousness becomes energy and then transforms to matter.  Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter.  These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. 

Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes.  

All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness Our consciousness creates our reality. What our consciousness can conceive , it can also create.



God resides in your DNA.  DNA is a blueprint. It is a transceiver for information at 98.7 deg F.. DNA has powerful Mobius coil which can generate scalar energy, which cannot be blocked by Faraday’s cage.

There is DNA everywhere around you. It remains unchanged for the past 4 billion years. In your body you have 125 billion miles of DNA, which is 500 billion trips around the earth.

The DNA double helix looks like 2 snakes making love, or rather a twisted rope ladder.  DNA is conscious.  It knows where to go and what to do and how and when to divide.  It is a supercomputer which can hold enormous information.  Yet, it is so small that you cannot see it without a electron microscope.  



Charles Darwin and his monkey gang will never ever understand all this.  

Our DNA which can be be influenced by scalar waves and acoustics ( mantras ) can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether . The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy.  



There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later.  

An atom can be a wave or a particle depending on the observer’s perspective.  An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force.  The conscious intelligent field lies in the empty space in between the electrons. 

99.9999% of every atom is empty space.  What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.99 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.  We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.99% space.  



The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.   It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”  

Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . -limitless power.



This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit. : Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus. 

Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.

The universe is in perfect harmony and balance. The cosmos is a unified system. A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole.  



Today I heard the news on TV that stupid Americans want to blast a dead planet. Playing around with HAARP and galactic resonance is a dangerous game.




Matter is NOT a inert substance. It is conscious and active. Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean. Matter constantly makes choices for alternate possibilities.

We live in a holographic universe. Our mind is holographic. The hologram has the power to hold and process enormous amounts of data. In holography, a three dimensional image of an object is filmed with a laser. The amazing part is that any part of the holographic picture may be used to recreate the whole image.  

Each of the 100 billion cells that make up the body contains the complete version of the original DNA, that was the source of the entire body. Each part of the holographic picture contains the whole image. In the holographic theory of the universe, the universe is represented by each component, regardless of the size.

To get the perfect theory of everything TOI, consciousness has to be factored in by science. It will NOT be possible to understand gravity without doing this.  Every atom within us depends on the rest of the cosmos.  


This is the basis for Vedic Jyothish or astrology.  Consciousness is the dance of chemical molecules within your brain, the scalar field created by resonance of your pineal gland with your Mobius DNA and the whirling of your chakras .  



The quantum body  resonates with any atom of the cosmos.  A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings.  A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude.  Ordinary electromagnetic waves are transverse waves, while scalar waves are longitudinal . 

Strangely these scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain At our most elemental we are energy.  All living things are a coalescence of energy in a field of energy connected to every other thing in the world.  This pulsating energy field is the central engine of our being and our Consciousness .  





Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the universe.  Consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our perception of it Vedas say that Brahman is the consciousness, the Self of all beings.  

Thus the ancient Vedic Science corroborates what modern science has discovered,  ( rather vice –versa )  that this omnipresent field of pure Creative Intelligence, which is transcendental in its nature, beyond the level of the Planck scale of 10-33cm, is the ultimate cause, the unmoved mover of everything in creation.  

One indivisible wholeness of consciousness is the source of all multiplicity of Creation, and that this one unbounded ocean of consciousness is our own consciousness.


"Purushyo'yam loka sannidah" . "Man is a miniature universe" --(Charaka Samhita IV).




Consciousness ( Brahman ) is the only element in creation that knows itself.  By being in constant interaction with itself, consciousness knows everything about itself.


"Prajnānam brahma”-- "Brahman is knowledge".  Brahman knows everything.





Without factoring in consciousness there can be NO Theory of Every Thing (TOE) and Grand Unification Theory (GUT).  



When science meets the consciousness field of Vedanta written 7000 years ago, the last frontier can be breached. The morphogenetic field or BrahmAn of Vedanta, has a self organizing electro magnetic nature.  This is a merged grand Akashik field of several morphic fields of different nature by resonant coupling.  This inductive field has consciousness and self initiating nature.

This non-linear field is holographic and holds information of not only past history by even every thought , emotion and feeling held in the right hand subconscious lobe of your brain. This explains the power of prayer and intention. The whole cosmos is interconnected in this field and speed is NOT restricted to speed of light.

God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.

The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics. We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.

That Vedanta is available in the “soap is civilization” Christian West primarily through religious interpreters in pagan saffron robes has prejudiced their evaluation of its relevance to scientific concerns.  

Ironically today we have our Hindu hating ruler -- the Italian WTE ( waitress turned empress ) calling saffron the color of terror. No wonder she cannot go beyond a restaurant table.  

Sorry, I have to lose some grace here. What does this queen bee  ( who is the most hated woman in India ) know of the past glory of India? 

Does she know that saffron color is the soul of India--the color of the robes of our Vedic Maharishis?



The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness 9000 years ago. In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process,  but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.



Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.  Akasha –the morphogenetic consciousness field , as per Vedanta is the source of everything that exists, and in which the memory of the cosmos is encoded.  

Everything we know, perceive, and imagine, every color, sound, sensation, every thought and every feeling, is a form appearing in the mind.  It is all an in-forming of consciousness—mind stuff- or Chitta.  The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ") gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.   



Every structure carries its own morphogentic field.  If a structure like an organism incorporates sub organisms of different nature, then the morphogenetic field of the organism would also incorporate the fields of the sub organisms.

The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission. 

The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field. Genetic engineering goes against the laws of the morphogenetic field and indeed the universe. Eating genetically modified foods is detrimental in DNA upgradation. Consciousness differentiates, just like DNA differentiates . 

The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.  Scalar waves ( made famous by Nikola Tesla ) is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness influence each other .

The Upanishads form the concluding portions of the Veda and therefore called the “Vedanta” or the end of the Veda and contains the essence of Vedic teachings. The Vedas in its unchanged unabridged format in Sanskrit verses , have guided the Indian’s religious direction for ages and will continue to do so till our sun goes supernova. . 

The Sanskrit word for philosophy is darshan or 'seeing', which implies that Sanatana Dharma is is grounded firmly on human consciousness and perception. Vedas introduced Consciousness , the most valuable thing on this planet , to Western philosophical thought. 



The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers. 

In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought. 

The Vedic sages who discovered brahmAn  had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth. Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift Vedic ideas without any understanding , and patent it in their names.

People who raise the Kundalinis are NOT cremated in Hinduism. Rather they are buried in Lotus pose of meditation. The reason is that they are liberated having achieved moksha from the endless cycle of births and rebirths. The female Shakti has now found blissful union with the male Shiva-- a great union of spirit and matter. 



A overwhelming bliss is felt , which mystically represents re-integration with Atman or the eternal essence of self. The soul finds itself free. When Shiva and Shakti unite in sahasrara, one experiences samadhi, illumination occurs in the brain and the silent areas begin to function .
  
You have opened the gateway to higher realms. You have supersensory awareness while still awake in the physical body, and can leave and return to the body at will without any break in consciousness . The pineal gland shoots a spark into the pituitary, and the door of BrahmAn ( consciousness ) , the Brahmarandhra, is opened, never to close .

You become highly perceptive and can see complex problems as fractal geometry. Space and time lose their rigidity, and there is a mingling of the past, the present, and the future. The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous.  His teachings are based on the unity of the ātman and brahman.

Advaita proclaims that the truth which is BrahmAn is the only reality and that the apparent notion of diversity (the root cause of all miseries) is only due to ignorance.

Despite the seeming duality that we experience, according to Advaita reality is actually non-dual. This non-dual reality is called Brahman.  As a matter of fact we do feel ourselves to be other than our body or mind.  Advaita calls our essential self, which is beyond body and mind, the Atman. And it teaches that this Atman is Brahman, which is non-dual.



According to Śankara and others, anyone seeking to follow the philosophy of Advaita Vedānta must do so under the guidance of a Guru (teacher).  It is the teacher who through exegesis of Sruti and skillful handling of words generates a hitherto unknown knowledge in the disciple. The teacher does not merely provide stimulus or suggestion.

The Guru must have the following qualities (see Mundaka Upanishad 1.2.12):
Śrotriya — must be learned in the Vedic scriptures and Sampradaya
Brahmaniṣṭhā — literally meaning 'established in Brahman'; must have realised the oneness of Brahman in everything, and in himself/herself.

The seeker must serve the Guru, and submit questions with all humility in order to remove all doubts (see Bhagavad Gita 4.34).  By doing so, Advaita says, the seeker will attain Moksha ('liberation from the cycle of births and deaths')



The purpose of Self-Discovery is not that of God-Discovery. The concern is not about the existence of God, or the verification of God’s existence. Man has to discover his own true or real nature. For this, man has to understand as to what it is to be a substance and as to what it is to be in a condition, or state called existence. 



The teaching of Advaita is a proven methodology for discovering the nature of your Self and that of the world. And the realization of the fundamental truth that is presented reduces all other considerations to complete insignificance. 

Advaita Vedanta suggests that this nondual state of mind can be realized personally, in experience, aided by certain contemplative practices such as meditation.

Nothing exists separate from the One God, because God is present everywhere.

“Brahma Satyam Jagan Mithya Jivo Brahmaiva Na Aparah—Brahman (the Absolute) is alone real; this world is unreal; and the Jiva or the individual soul is non-different from Brahman.”

Advaita is the only philosophy that helps us to be free of ‘bondage’ right in this life.

Tipu Sultan destroyed the the ancient Thirunavaya  temple at the banks of Bharatapuzha river, a village 8 km south of Tirur in the Malappuram district of Kerala state,  along with priceless Vedic records containing Adi Shankaracharya’s texts. . 

This temple was even older than 6000 year old Guruvayur.  




Tipu Sultan was prevented from destroying the Guruvayur temple by Hydrose Kutty, who told him that the 6000 year old black idol has been shifted to the Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna temple in kingdom of Travancore for safekeeping.  


Even today, daily pujas are conducted in Ambalapuzha Sri Krishna Temple where the idol of Guruvayoor Temple was temporarily installed and worshiped.



The Fibonacci series and Golden mean are stolen from 7000 year old Vedic texts as they are inherent is the Sri Yantra which contains the theory of everything.

Punch into Google search PERFECT SIX PACK VADAKAYIL




If you want to know how the Golden Vedic mean of 1.618 panned out on this planet by a Vimana flight punch into google search THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL.




This is gonna shock you out of your pants--and you will start believing in god and Advaita Vedanta.

Last Sunday I drove my wife to Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.  

Mookambika temple is one of the seven pilgrim centers consecrated by Lord Parashurama in 4000 BC. 




The temple is devoted to the Hindu goddess Parvathi, wife of Shiva.  While the other pilgrimages created by Parashurama are devoted to Lord Shiva, Lord Subramanya and Lord Ganesha, this is the only one devoted to goddess Parvathi.




Above: Sarvajna peedam made on rock-- where Adi Shankarachraya meditated..





 Mookambika to Kudajadri mountain is 33 kms . The mountain peak with dense forests is at an altitude of 1312 metres above sea level, in the Western Ghats in South India (Karnataka State).

Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC, had a vision of Sri Mookambika Devi and installed the deity here at Kudajadri.  

Was Adi Shankaracharya stupid to climb on a remote mountain 4000 years ago? 

The secret is that this spot is where the Kundalini energy of this planet is centred.




There is small a temple near the peak where 'Shankaracharya' did meditation. Here there is an ancient Sarvajna Peetam built out of rock .



The legend goes, that Adi Shankara mediated at Kudajadri hills and Devi incarnated before him asking for his wish. He revealed his wish to incorporate Devi to a place in Kerala to worship where he wanted. Devi agreed and put forward a challenge that she will follow Shankara and he should not look back until he reaches his destination. 




Above -Souparnika river at Mookambika.

But to test Shankara Devi deliberately stopped the tinkle of her ornaments when they reached Kollur, and Shankara turned back because of doubt. Devi then asked Shankara to install her vigraha at the spot where he sees her.


उत्तिष्ठ जाग्रत प्राप्य वरान्निबोधत | क्षुरस्य धारा निशिता दुरत्यया दुर्गं पथस्तत्कवयो वदन्ति || (uttiShTha jAgrata prApya varAn_nibodhata | kShurasya dhArA nihitA duratyayA pathas_tat_ -avayo vadanti || ) - 

"Rise, awaken, seek the wise and realize. The path is difficult to cross like the sharpened edge of the razor (knife), so say the wise." (1.3.14 ) Katha Upanishads 5000 BC


The Advaita form of Hinduism looks at God , as brahmAn-- the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field , the akasha  or  the space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.

Matter exists because of this intelligent force which holds the spiraling electrons in its orbit--  for if it drops or rises one single orbit the matter changes into something totally different.



Hindustani DeshbhaktAugust 19, 2014 at 11:49 PM
Capt.,
Have told the real story behind Lord Brahma not being worshipped in any of your blogs? I don't think the story of the curse of Lord Shiva is logical..
ReplyDelete
Replies
1.                        Description: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1TmA2Q8dmoI/UwiDv2Fb3eI/AAAAAAAApp4/Gfi3eJL51UI/s45/*
Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 20, 2014 at 1:13 AM
hi hd,

Nobody has understood Hindusim after Adi Shankaracharya of 2000 BC.

The ADVAITA VEDANTA of Adi Shankaracharya tells us that the god of sanatana dharma cannot be picked by the 5 human senses. It is a morphogenetic consciousness field .  
This is the god which Islam has lifted.

In DVAITA VEDANTA we have the trinity of Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva OR the creator – mediator- destroyer. Brahma is brahmAn personified on this template as creator .

In SANKHYA VEDANTA we have brahmAn as PURUSHA witnessing the dance of PRAGATI.

We have personified our gods . The earthy avatars of Vishnu are personified.

When King Kakudmi went to see Brahma with his daughter Revati, Brahma was watching this dance.

The allegories of Sanatana Dharma are NOT meant only for the perceptive. WE have NOT seen too many perceptive Sanskrit scholars lately.

The white Sanskrit scholars – the Doniger types -- are downright STUPID, --that is if she says that she is NOT a double agent !

Hinduism has been murdered by the FAKE mutts and FAKE Shankaracharyas created by the white invader, the white evangelists eager to harvest souls to claim credit from Vatican like insurance agents , their stooges ( the Christian converts ) and the atheists .

Has Swami Vivekananda done anything to reveal the POISON INJECTED by the white invader ? 


It is better that I say NO more !

capt ajit vadakayil
********************************************************************
EXPLORING THE MIND OF A CON MAN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


EXPLORING THE MIND OF A CON MAN ,  THE  DIAMOND HEIST AT ZAVERI BAZAR -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Hundreds of con men have walked this planet.


In this post I intend to explore the mind of a con man — and underscore the unique psychology which drives him. 

Con men force you to hand over your moolah at your own free will. He does NOT use violence or force.
All con men are bound by a tight set of rules and it is so dang easy to spot them , before they do the damage.
 
Con men are like rats who shit in the same place , the same time – once you recognize their methods it is so easy to ambush and bushwhack them.

A Bollywood movie “Special chabbis" produced by Ekta Kapoor, directed by Neeraj Pandey , starring Akshay Kumar is being made , based on a sensational true heist at the diamond store of Tribovandas Bhimji Zaveri at Hermes House Charni road on 19th March 1987.  



This Indian con-man gets my prize for circumventing the usual con man’s run of the mill method.

This suave guy had his own style and did everything with panache. Usually con men get caught—this man just walked away into the sunset with the moolah leaving an entire nation red faced.

A mystery man called Mohan Singh, checked in at Taj Intercontinental at 5.30pm on March 17 1987 and said he was coming from Trivandrum.  Within 48 hours he would scoot with 35 lakhs worth of cash and jewellery.

Just before arrival at the 5 star hotel hotel he inserted a classified advertisement in The Times of India seeking "50 dynamic graduates"  for the posts of RAW intelligence and CBI security officers. 

The squeamish snooty hotel did NOT allow such a large scale interview, but this man appeared to be well prepared.  He shifted the interview to Mittal House Nariman Point ,  as per plan B.

He interviewed more than 100 candidates , out of which he selected only 28. They were recruited as 'junior CBI officers'  on 18th March .

After a pep talk he ordered to come to the hotel again today at 11am on 19th March 1987.   They were NOT to reveal the selection or the programme to any friend of relative owing to the "secrecy"  of the task.



By noon, Mohan checked out of the hotel.   

He had booked a luxury coach through Taj hotel. The recruits and the con man proceeded towards Chowpatty in the coach at 12.30pm.  Mohan Singh stopped the bus and told the driver and cleaner to wait while he took his staff towards the beach ostensibly to have soft drinks and a pep talk.  

Mohan Singh distributed identity cards and at Chowpatty briefed them about the mock raid operation.
The bus then stopped in front of Charni Road railway station and the “CBI team” foot slogged to the jewellery shop.  



The arrived at the jewellery shop around 2.15 pm. 

The mastermind strode straight with a swagger to owner Pratapbhai Zevari, introduced himself as CBI officer Mohan Singh, and flashed a partly printed, partly handwritten authentic looking search warrant.  

With a practiced air, he ordered that the close-circuit camera be shut and that the jeweller surrender his licensed revolver.

No telephone calls were allowed as the recruits took samples of ornaments for investigation. The jeweller was told that the CBI was investigating the quality of gold sold in such shops. 

One eager beaver probationer was even asked to put up a board at the entrance stating that a raid was on. 



The jeweller accompanied Singh and the others as they picked up assorted jewellery before sealing it in plastic packets with CBI seal and Ashoka insignia on it.  Money was also collected from the cash counter and stashed into briefcases.

35  minutes later, Singh asked two men to keep the heavy black resin bags into the waiting bus.  The rest of the 26 officers were asked to guard the shop and continue searching for incriminating documents as our con man Mohan Singh left to 'supervise' another imminent raid. 



After four anxious hours,  the sweating shop owners ,the junior officers , 70 odd staff and 30 customers realized that they had been duped.  The jeweller immediately called the D B Marg police station.

The owner was all the time suspecting something amiss considering Mohan Singh wore a natty 3 piece suit but had on, cheap bumpkin shoes.   



The suspicious owner had wanted to know why the jewellery was being taken away.  In a well-rehearsed reply, Mohan Singh replied knee jerk , that section 22 of the jewellers' constitution ( sic) ,  gave CBI officers the right to seize ornaments in order to check their purity—all bull.

The driver of the luxury bus when arrested said that the conman was dropped behind Taj hotel, ( of Bade Mian sheek kabab and baida roti fame ) following which he vanished into the hot afternoon .

Mohan Singh had got off the bus went to the hotel , asked the bell boy to call a taxi, and put the bags inside the vehicle.  The taxi headed towards Vile Parle where he got down and melted into the crowd with his bags .  
A massive manhunt was launched for him . The entire episode bore close resemblance to a pulsating crime fiction.  

The suspect appeared to be from Kerala in his early  forties, dark-complexioned, with a thick mustache.  He spoke good English with an unmistakable YEM YO YET YENTHER YO YEM south Indian accent. 

The only thing the harried police learnt was that a certain Mohan Singh had booked a room 415 at the The Taj Mahal hotel.





Let me now introduce to you another con man Christopher Thierry Rocancourt.



He made 40 million dollars by scamming affluent people by masquerading as a French member of the Rockefeller family.  Actually Rockefeller was the agent of big brother Rothschild who had a bloodline branch in France.




Wanna know more about the Rockefellers ?  see video above.

His mother was a French prostitute and his father was an alcoholic house painter who took Christopher to an orphanage in Saint-Germain-Village when the boy was 5, and then froze to death on the streets .  

Young Chris ran away and made his way to Paris where he pulled his first big con, faking the deed to a property he didn't own, then "selling" the property for USD $1.4 million.

Making his way to the United States, Rocancourt used at least a dozen aliases. He got the rich and powerful to invest in his schemes. He tapped into their inherent greed.  

Thinking he was a blue blood Rockefeller, the moneyed elite flocked to Christopher, begging him to invest their fortunes for them. Christopher complied, pretending he could double everyone's money in less than two weeks, as long as they supplied him with a cash advance.

He convinced them that he, too, was rich by paying for their lavish dinners in cash, sometimes as large as 80000 dollars . He travelled in stretch limousines ,often with police escort  that made others say, “That guy’s gotta be a VIP.” 

He would say “ The name is Rockefeller,” when asked his name, adding quickly and casually — “But please, call me Christopher.”


His movie with Naomi Campbell was shelved 

Rhonda Rydell, his gorgeous playboy model girlfriend says “ He would just walk into a room and everyone at the table, who were high, influential people, would drool and gush “Oh, Christopher’s here.”  



The new money wannabes were thrilled to be rubbing elbows with an old money name

Even in the image-conscious Hamptons, Christopher, who always had a gorgeous woman leaning on his arm, a splash everywhere  On a whim, he would charter a chopper to race him out to a seaside estate he said he was thinking of buying.  He was so rich, he could get away with his favorite uniform— jeans, a T-shirt and a baseball cap worn backwards— even in the fanciest places.

The tabs topped out at thousands of dollars. Christopher always picked up the bill and always paid cash.The bubbly flowed, as did Christopher’s non-stop chatter about his incredibly fabulous world.  He had jets, he had yachts, he had women coming from Monaco… and the cellphones were going off—the Kennedys are on the line, and Prince Albert was in that weekend.



As you can see in the picture above , he is a piece of shit with a PIGEON CHEST -- still he produced a child with Miss France.

He always had plenty cash money in his pocket. He passed out $100 bills to the waiters to the bartenders, to the valet parkers, to the press ... for them he was more than royalty. “Christopher,” the paparazzi would scream when they wanted a picture of him leaving the clubs late at night.

Rocancourt—the French Rockefeller with an accent so thick you sometimes need subtitles to understand him explains “They smell ze money like the shark smell ze blood.  Nothing else”.

In Los Angeles, he pretended to be a movie producer, ex-boxing champion or venture capitalist. He dropped names like "his mother" Sophia Loren or "his uncles" Oscar de la Renta and Dino De Laurentiis and was associated with various celebrities. 

He married Playboy model Pia Reyes; they had a son, Zeus. He lived for a time with Mickey Rourke and apparently convinced actor Jean-Claude Van Damme to produce his next movie.



In Paris, Christophe Rocancourt lived with former Miss France Sonia Rolland. They had a daughter together, named Tess.

Most children enjoy playing make-believe, but Rocancourt made a profitable career of it. He sold high-end real estate he didn't actually own.

His house of cards began to collapse in 1997, and in 2002, he pleaded guilty to theft, bribery and other charges.

In March 2002 he was extradited to New York and pleaded to charges of theft, grand larceny, smuggling, bribery, perjury and fraud against 19 victims. He was fined $9 million, was ordered to pay $1.2 million in restitution and sentenced to five years in prison.




Now let me introduce a celebrated con man Frank William Abagnale, Jr  whose life has been made into a Hollywood movie “Catch Me If You Can” in 2002,  where he is played by actor Leonardo DiCaprio.  Abagnale himself makes a cameo as a French police officer.

Frank William Abagnale, Jr was a con man of the first order.

He became one of the most famous impostors ever, claiming to have assumed no fewer than eight separate avatars as an airline pilot, a doctor, a U.S. Bureau of Prisons agent, and a lawyer.  He escaped from police custody twice (once from a taxiing airliner and once from a U.S. federal penitentiary), before he was 21 years old.


Abagnale was one of four children and spent the first sixteen years of his life in Bronxville, New York. His French mother, Paulette, and father, Frank Abagnale Sr., divorced when he was 16.  At the divorce hearing, Abagnale ran away never to see his father again. 

His first con act was to screw his own father .  His father gave him a gas credit card and a truck to assist him in commuting to his part-time job.  Frank Jr. devised a scheme to help pay for his dates with women. He used the credit card to "buy" tires, batteries, and other car-related items at gas stations. He made a deal with the attendants in which they gave him cash in return for them keeping the products. Ultimately, his father was liable for a bill of several thousand dollars.

Abagnale's first confidence trick was writing personal checks on his own overdrawn account. This, however, would work for only a limited time before the bank demanded payment, so he moved on to opening other accounts in different banks, eventually creating new identities to sustain this charade.

Over time, he experimented and developed different ways of defrauding banks, such as printing out his own almost-perfect copies of checks, depositing them and persuading banks to advance him cash on the basis of money in his accounts.



Abagnale decided to imitate a pilot because he wanted to fly throughout the world for free. He got a uniform by calling PanAm, telling them that he was a pilot working for them who had lost his uniform, and going to get a new one with a fake employee ID.  He then forged an FAA pilot's license.  



Pan American World Airways estimated that between the ages of 16 and 18, Abagnale flew over 1,000,000 miles (1,600,000 km) on over 250 flights and flew to 26 countries, at Pan Am's expense, by deadheading. He was also able to stay at hotels for free during this time.  Everything from food to lodging was billed to the airline company. Abagnale stated that he was often invited by actual pilots to take the controls of the plane in-flight. 

He forged a Columbia University degree and taught sociology at Brigham Young University for a semester, working as a teaching assistant by the name of Frank Adams.

For eleven months he impersonated a chief resident pediatrician in a Georgia hospital under the alias Frank Conners.. After befriending a real doctor who lived in the same apartment complex, he agreed to act as resident supervisor of interns as a favor until the local hospital could find someone else to take the job. 



The position was not difficult for Abagnale because supervisors did no real medical work. . He was able to fake his way through most of his duties by using humor management and letting the interns handle the cases coming in during his late-night shift, setting broken bones and other mundane tasks.

Abagnale forged a Harvard University law transcript, passed the bar exam of Louisiana and got a job at the Louisiana Attorney General's office at the age of nineteen. . After making a fake transcript from Harvard, he prepared himself for the compulsory exam. 

Despite failing twice, he claims to have passed the bar exam legitimately on the third try after eight weeks of study, because "Louisiana at the time allowed you to take the Bar over and over as many times as you needed. It was really a matter of eliminating what you got wrong. You get an idea now how stupid the US law system is , right?

He was also known to use disguises as part of a ruse and was a master of manipulation; he once even eluded capture by posing as a federal agent. One of his most famous cons was using a security guard uniform to steal cash meant to go into drop boxes in which companies placed their proceedings, having put a sign on the box saying it was out of service and telling attendants to hand the money bags to the attending security guard 

He later pondered aloud "How in the name of Charles Bronson, can a drop box be out of service?"

Beats me too!

Abagnale was eventually caught in France in 1969 when an Air France attendant he had dated in the past recognized him and notified the police.

After his release he approached a bank with an offer. He explained to the bank what he had done, and offered to speak to the bank's staff and show various tricks that "paperhangers" use to defraud banks. His offer included the condition that if they did not find his speech helpful, they would owe him nothing; otherwise, they would owe him only $500 with an agreement that they would provide his name to other banks. With that, he began a legitimate life as a security consultant.

He later founded Abagnale & Associates, which advises businesses on fraud. Abagnale is now a millionaire through his legal fraud detection and avoidance consulting business based in Tulsa, Oklahoma. 

Abagnale also continues to advise the FBI, with whom he has associated for over 35 years, by teaching at the FBI Academy and lecturing for FBI field offices throughout the country. According to his website, more than 14,000 institutions have adopted Abagnale's fraud prevention programs.



I guess this is what David Headley too has done— get on the right side of the US law, never mind that 164 people were shot down in India by Pakistani terrorists with his assistance.  

Plea bargain means he will NOT name the CIA , and "American friends in ISI" who are neck deep in all these subversions.




You are promised a certain product, service, or outcome which is close to your heart , but it is  never delivered.   Which means that a con man does fraudulent business.



So what is the thumb rule? Whenever somebody flatters you,  watch your wallet or your belongings .  Flattery is normally a prelude to an unusual or out-of-the-ordinary request, which will follow.  So next time a stranger or even a friend is EXTRA sweet to you, it is time to ponder- what is the fu#kin’ catch?

Flattery makes you feel all puffed up and great about yourself.  You feel like the cat’s whiskers . But this is a set up so you’ll agree more easily to whatever corny request or proposal which will comes next.

You are more likely to make a bad decision when you are sort of feelin’ overconfident.  Flattery is one sure way to build your confidence.  Old women are more vulnerable to this.  

A con man will build up a need in you. And the funny part is you would have never felt this need till then.

A compliment is normal, but flattery is not.  Flattery is normally a prelude to an unusual or out-of-the-ordinary request. 

The con man will establish himself as an authority. He is smart enough to exploit characteristics of the human psyche such as greed, dishonesty, honesty, vanity, compassion, credulity, irresponsibility and gullibility.

He is now in a position to feed you with complicated information and mindless technical jargon that gets you overwhelmed, that you stop asking further questions.

The kinds of techniques a  con man  to build your greed and confidence in yourself and in him is situation based and what he reads of your personality.  Once your confidence is high enough,  you’re in a most vulnerable position. That’s how you get conned.

Remember this sociopath has special skills to whip up your greed and your dark desire to jump the queue in a unfair manner. He persuades you to  ignore common sense . Sociopaths have developed these skills to the point of instinct.

The con men have in common is an ability to get their victims thinking emotionally,  and getting your greed from observing and checking the hard facts. He makes you ignore your inbuilt defences that no business deal, no purchase, no request for payment should be taken at face value. 


Most con games work because people are just plain greedy. They convince them that he has found a shortcut , all under the cover of secrecy ,  to a treasure under the rainbow. And this treasure may not be there for ever if you tarry.

He gets your desperation to put a spoke in the wheel of your common sense.

The con man knows that he can get into the dark alley of your basest desires. The main thing that really makes people susceptible to con artists is the idea that we're going to get something for nothing.  So he really buys into your greed .

He will make you feel that you will miss the bus , for his offer is once-a-lifetime chance and that you may rue at leisure that you did not strike the iron while it is hot –rather sign up in his covert scheme. Some con artists even question the basic intelligence of their victims for letting go of such a golden opportunity. The victim just crumbles under this relentless mental and emotional pressure.



He is a bit of a psychologist and a reader of body language. It's an amazing paradox that a con man has incredible emotional insight, but without the burden of compassion.


A con man works on the principle that most humans want to have an unfair edge over other people.  He now forces you to judge the book , he has worked his ass off in bringing to you,  by its cover.  



Your needs and desires make you vulnerable. Once hustlers know what you need, they can easily manipulate you. If you don’t have a need they will force your greed and perceived scarcity,  to give instant illegitimate birth to a need.

They thrive on the simple fact that people tend to believe only what they want to believe.  The con man’s motto is: “ work smart instead of hard ”.

The missionaries who come to convert you are con men of the first order too.  He will exploit your need for salvation and to live forever in divine luxury in heaven . He will pretend to be God’s personal agent with the right to lock and unlock the gates to heaven.  



Such religious conmen thrive on their rapport building ability.  If you look at the people who get duped, you'll notice that they're extremely vulnerable. It's this vulnerability that leads them to believe in the dreams that are being sold to them by the conman.




In December 2008, Bernard Madoff, a pillar of the Jewish community and of Wall Street, admitted to having run a 50 billion USD Ponzi (Pyramid) scheme, the biggest scam in history.

Bernard Lawrence "Bernie" Madoff is an American former businessman, stockbroker, investment advisor, financier and white collar criminal. He is the former non-executive chairman of the NASDAQ stock market, and the admitted operator of a Ponzi scheme that is considered to be the largest financial fraud in U.S. history. 

In March 2009, Madoff pleaded guilty to 11 federal felonies and admitted to turning his wealth management business into a massive Ponzi scheme that defrauded thousands of investors of billions of dollars. 



The amount missing from client accounts, including fabricated gains, was almost $65 billion. On June 29, 2009, he was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed.

Jeffry Picower, a fellow Jew rather than Madoff, appears to have been the largest beneficiary of Madoff's Ponzi scheme, and his estate settled the claims against it for $7.2 billion.  J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. may have also benefitted from the scheme—through interest and fees charged—by almost $1 billion.  

Madoff did not plea bargain with the government. Rather, he pleaded guilty to all charges. It has been speculated that Madoff pleaded guilty because he refused to cooperate with the authorities in order to avoid naming his high and mighty political associates and conspirators who were involved with him in the Ponzi scheme.  

Never imagine that a con-man works alone.  He exists everywhere.




Basically a con man is a psychopath.  Psychopaths do NOT possess the ability to show empathy for others and they have no feeling of guilt in scamming a harmless blind lady . This has something to do with bad DNA programming.


Just as a military commander looks for the enemy's less weak and least defended spots,  the con man is always on the prowl for blind spots and shadow sectors to exploit.



The con man is good in making the victim feel bad and guilty for questioning , after all the “trust” that has been built up.

They are mean and self-absorbed and believe that anything they do justifies a positive outcome for themselves. They can’t imagine or don’t care about the consequences their actions have for the people they may hurt.

They rationalize away any concern that they are harming other people . What’s good for them is, by their definition, what’s good… period--end of story.


Just as a battlefield commander looks for the enemy's less weak and least defended spots,  the con man is always on the prowl for blind spots and shadow sectors to exploit.

The con man has to gain the confidence of the victim. The con man must gain trust. The con man may have all the tools to cajole his victim into surrendering personal information ( like credit card info ) ,  which makes him vulnerable.  

By the way you may like to read how I dragged a con man by his nostrils all the way to China town. 

Punch into Google search  CREDIT CARD FRAUD BY YATRA DOT COM VADAKAYIL.




The con man is an expert in pushing the victim headlong into a “guilt trap “ for asking any skeptic questions , after all ze “trust” that has been built up. 



They are mean and self-absorbed and believe that anything they do justifies a positive outcome for themselves.  They can’t imagine or don’t care about the consequences their actions have for the people they may hurt.

They rationalize away any concern that they are harming other people . What’s good for them is, by their definition, what’s good… period--end of story.





One con game does not fit all.  That means that there are different weaknesses in different people that are exploited by different con men.  Some folks are immediately turned off when approached by a fast-talker, but are more easily taken in by someone who lays out the story slowly and convincingly.  

Remember that a sociopath is patient and can adapt to situations like a chameleon.  He knows which buttons to push and when.



Con men are expert at generating emotions – good or bad – and can play a victim like a harp.  Watch out for anyone who tries to put you on an emotional roller coaster as part of a business proposition, in a veil of secrecy , particularly where there are few concrete facts to back up his proposal or where he’s rushing you  to prevent your from pondering about your other options.



A sociopathic con man is going to read you like a book and know your pressure points, no matter how good you think your poker face might be in business.  He’s gonna to tell you what you need to hear.  He’ll paint rosy pictures of your future when all he cares about is getting you part with your moolah.



You might be flattered when the salesman offers “just for you”  a most “exclusive deal”  . He will insist that you shouldn’t tell anyone about this “ top secret, special offer” he’s designed just for you.  No legit salesman is going to cook deal so secret he’s afraid anyone would find out about it.



Con men are excellent conversationalists and have the gift of gab. They are good in forging a "mutual understanding" of sorts.  They give the victims the confident feelin’ that they are in total control,  holding  all ze four aces.  



He will share your anxieties and fill up the missing blanks, to make the victim believe that he has an edge over other people and the playing field is tilted in his favour..


A con artist will identify your needs and expectations, then pretend that he is the only agent capable of producing the satisfaction you need.

Recently we had Tahirul Qadri who has Blackwater security, daring all and sundry from inside a bomb proof glass container in Pakistan “ Shoot me first “.   Pahle haraare upar goli maarna , baad mein baaki sab ke upar maarna.




Outside Pakistan, Qadri is often presented as a “moderate” Sufi scholar who famously wrote a 600 page fatwa against terrorism in 2010 which won him international applause, especially from Christians and Jews. 



One video doing the rounds over the internet shows Qadri giving what appear to be two contradictory statements on blasphemy – the subject of so much controversy in Pakistan. In one clip he is shown speaking in English where he says: “Whatever the law of blasphemy is, it is not applicable on non-Muslims. It is not applicable on Jews, Christians and other non- Muslims minorities. It is just to be dealt with Muslims.”  

Yet then in Urdu in a different clip he shows strange inconsistency:  “My stance was that, and this was the law which got made, that whoever commits blasphemy, whether a Muslim or a non-Muslim, man or woman – whether be a Muslim, Jew, Christian, Hindu, anyone –  whoever commits blasphemy their punishment is death."


When you accost such people and point out their lies and dishonesty, they will retreat and pretend it is beyond their dignity to be in a state of defence.   They will rather classify you as ‘neurotic’, ‘paranoid’, or when lacking wisdom and knowledge, they will simply call you ‘ungodly’.

Narcissistic Personality Disorder - NPD , is closely linked to self-centeredness, megalomania, superiority complex, egotism, vanity, selfishness, and obsessive compulsive personality disorder.  People with NPD expose a pervasive pattern of grandiosity (either in fantasy or actual behavior), a need for admiration and respect. 

Our own ex-truck driver Anna Hazare fell victim to this, and he recovered the hard way ( like Japan after Hiroshima ) when his call for jail Bharo aandolan came a cropper , with the huge Mumbai grounds having only a handful of his own paid volunteers--instead of millions as expected..



Such people have --

A grandiose sense of self-importance (e.g., exaggerates achievements and talents, expects to be recognized as superior without commensurate achievements
Preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success, power, brilliance, beauty, or ideal love;
Believes that he or she is "special"  and can only be understood by, or should associate with, other special people
Rarely acknowledges mistakes, imperfections/shortcomings
Requires excessive admiration and respect
Has a sense of entitlement, i.e., unreasonable expectations of especially favorable treatment or automatic compliance with his expectations
Is interpersonally exploitative, i.e., takes advantage of others to achieve his or her own ends
Lacks empathy - unwilling or unable to recognize or identify with the feelings and needs of others
Is often envious of others or believes that others are envious of him too
Shows arrogant, haughty behavior or attitude.

You have con men with NPD , working as managers of multi-national corporations  . Have you noticed the modus operandi of white-collar social climbers and the shenanigans that corporations use, in the guise of corporate “culture” and “changing the world”, to encourage naive young people to work three times as hard as they need to, for half the reward.



THE SHOW MUST GO ON ( sic!—puke! )




Never get brainwashed by such slick theories, like above -- you must know when to pull the plug and put an end to the bullshit.

A psychopaths’ minds tend to be as clear as anyone else’s. What characterizes the psychopath is a lack of conscience and an infinitely deep selfishness.  

Also, most of them are exceptionally skilled actors. Although their emotional growth tends to be stunted in childhood or adolescence, they can mimic as wide a range of emotions as anyone else.  In fact, they are superior to typical people at having the “right” emotions for various circumstances.  

Psychopaths have no tell-tale signs, and they don’t seem like “mean” people. They are effectively invisible.  Among the upper management of most companies, they are surprisingly common, yet never detected until after they’ve wreaked terrible irreversible damage.

Psychopaths are also at home in the white-collar social climbing theater of the typical corporation. The outsized rewards and pay packets for corporate officers feed their narcissism, the intrigues enable their cutthroat tendencies, and their superficial charm enables their effortless rise.

They acquire (misplaced) trust quickly, on account of their unusually high skill at emotional mimicry. They they dress their intentions in such a way that the people in power will read whatever they want to see. Like “psychics”, they hedge what they say with the purpose of being right by those in power on account of flexible interpretation. 

They seem to have “vision” and character because they can exploit the “just like me” fallacy of their superiors. In reality, they are the worst kind of mercenary turncoats. Their “vision” is of themselves on top of something, but that could be a mountain of gold or of bones. They don’t care, as long as they win and others lose.



After a psychopath has run his course, the company where he worked is usually damaged immensely and the brand dented . Billion-dollar losses can occur, top executives can be jailed, and thousands of jobs can be cut.  Psychopaths burn whatever is no longer useful to them.  

After this, people tend to back-reason their interactions with that person. “I knew he was up to something.” “I never liked him.” In most cases, that’s not accurate. 



What really happened is this: it was obvious that this person’s actions were risky, harmful, or even criminal, but the person was so effective at making it seem that he had the right intentions that people ignored the obvious warning signs.  

They made excuses.  They misinterpreted the person’s superficial charm as a sign of good intentions, and the babies got burnt. 

Con men politicians understand enough about how the mind works to exploit its vulnerabilities. Our fascination with hustlers is insatiable and, despite being criminals, they are frequently portrayed in movies and novels monopolised by Big Brother in a flattering light—like John Galt..



A con man is the non-violent version of an intelligent  psychopath.  Unlike his physically violent cousin the conman hurts mentally terribly in the end by misleading sweetly before.  

From seducers of chaste women to smooth swindlers to demagogue politicians , conmen come in all shapes and forms and may look like anything from a slovenly rough sleeper to an impressively well-dressed and presented international financier to a prospective great prime minister like Winston Churchill . 



The suspect is too well-spoken and seems to read our mind and address our most secret yearnings and desires-  mind you, this is often not because he is reading our mind but because he has some trade secrets ( together with fortune tellers and stage magicians ) regarding how most people’s minds tick and what most regret or yearn after. 

Among all telltale signs of demagogy and con is talking too much too smoothly often coupled with not looking one directly in the eye.  Because his speech is so smooth and hypnotic that most listeners fail to notice the self-contradiction but keep lapping up what he keeps pouring out.   



Punch into Google search WINSTON CHURCHILL , HENCHMAN OR HERO  VADAKAYIL

A con man is invariably well dressed and clean. If you notice closely, they will have a parasitic lifestyle, yet they brag about their good character. 

They have an abundance of charm, an inflated sense of his self-worth, an inability to accept responsibility, difficulty forming deep relationships despite an accentuated ability to fake commitment, heightened skills for manipulation and lack of empathy and guilt. 

Most career con men have above-average intelligence, and that may help them stay a step ahead of the law, concoct complex money-making schemes, or adopt new technologies to use as tools better than other folks.  They possess good organizational talents and are manipulative and are flawless pathological liars. 

Con men who “enjoy” their work often prey on fresh victims even when they have money in the bank and no need to steal more at that moment. To keep the biggest share of the cash pie, they involve as few people as possible in the game. 


The good news is that most con men get caught because they are so good at convincing people of mistruths that they con themselves into believing they won’t get caught. 

Over-confidence is what traps most of them. They over-reach their skills or underestimate the victim. Conversely, they may become too ambitious, have too many “irons in the fire,” and trip themselves up.



“There’s a sucker born every minute,” but there’s no shortage of con men in the world to take advantage of them.

Most of the NGOs in India are run by con men.  Here it affects the nation's security and fabric. Punch into Google search FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs RIDING ON ANNA HAZARE'S SHOULDERS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Below video -- con man Bunty Chor's luck ran out today after more than 500 burglaries .






The con man has a warped and complex personality and  delving into his mind is like peeling the layers of an onion.  Like any serial criminal,  he has a signature modus operandi .  Once a con man has found his niche, he works to perfect his system.  

The pattern may change a little, but the basic scheme remains the same.  For him sometimes it is play— since he lacks compassion, he does NOT care that it badly hurts vulnerable people. When a swindler plays his bizarre game , rules of fair play are mere whispers in the wind.  

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
UNDERSTANDING JET LAG AND MANAGING IT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


JET LAG PREVENTION ,  MELATONIN , CIRCADIAN RHYTHMS,  NITROGEN DECOMPRESSION , NOISE CANCELLING BOSE HEADPHONES  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




My elder son came home for vacation from USA last month. Despite travelling several zones eastwards, causing significant circadian rhythm disruption he appeared fresh as cucumber when he landed at Calicut.

He showed me his secret.  



A swank pair of Bose noise-canceling headphones which kills the monotonous back ground ground noise of the jet engines and the hissing air inside the aircraft, and of course the usual noise clutter. The Bose Quiet Comfort headphones set will set you back by 300 US dollars.

It electronically cancel out sound waves.  They do this by picking up a sound, processing it, and then creating a new sound that effectively cancels the original sound by destructive interference. 




Nowadays most airline pilots use it on long haul flights.  Bose pioneered the technology and have been continually perfecting it for 26 years.

Having flown around the world for the past 4 decades to embark and disemark from a ship, half way across the globe , I guess i am competent enough to write about jet lag.

You find lot of people giving you bull advise on how to manage jet lag. How can they do it when they do NOT understand the real reason?  There are many reasons , but some affect you more.


The air we breathe in the aircraft contains 78% nitrogen, unlike divers who breathe in pure oxygen . When you inhale air, your body consumes the oxygen, replaces some of it with carbon dioxide and does nothing with the nitrogen. 

At normal atmospheric pressure, some nitrogen and oxygen is dissolved in the fluid portions of your blood and tissues. Most of the oxygen gets consumed by your tissues, but the nitrogen remains dissolved.

Nitrogen, which is present in body fluids, comes out of solution and forms bubbles if the pressure on the body drops sufficiently as it does during ascent into the higher altitudes.  Overweight persons are more susceptible to evolved gas decompression sickness as fatty tissue contains more nitrogen.  




Low pressure in the cabin causes the nitrogen gas in our body to expand, and this is what causes your ankles and joints to swell, due to ruptured capillaries and edema caused due to the type of iodised salt they use in the aircraft food. ..  



The lack of blood circulation from sitting for long periods without moving, compressing the veins at the underside of the thighs makes matters worse. To remedy this, wear slippers or large travel shoes and periodically walk around.


Released nitrogen bubbles on ascent, are responsible for increased blood-clotting and complications of mountain sickness like by nausea, headache, loss of appetite, dizziness and sleep disturbance. 


Airlines are required by civil aviation authorities to carry oxygen supplies in the event of an emergency such as a decompression. The supplies are in the form of drop-down masks and portable oxygen cylinders. There is sufficient oxygen to allow either a 30-minute high flow or a 60-minute low flow. 

Although on-board oxygen is available for medical incidents, the airline should be notified at least 48 hours before departure for any supplemental requirements, particularly for continuous oxygen throughout the flight. Most of the airlines charge a supplement for providing these additional facilities, which in the case of US carriers can be up to US $200.  

Babies cry a lot, and produce a dry cough which is the result of dehydration. The remedy is to get them to breathe oxygen through a moist hand towel.

The humidity level within the aircraft cabin is low, partly because the outside air at high altitude contains 67 percent less water than at sea level and partly due to the fact that the outside cold air, has to be heated. Respiratory viruses survive better than bacteria in low humidity and passengers tend to suffer from upper respiratory infections post-flight.

On long flights the aircraft has very little moisture in the air and the relative humidity drops to less than 10% .  Dehydration is the result with dry skin and itchy eyes .  The rest of the body reacts to the lack of moisture by adjusting its biochemical levels, which can throw your entire system haywire.  

Our bodies consist of over 65% water, so when we lose that water, every organ is affected.  Our brain is 83% water, blood-92%,  kidneys - 82%,  liver-69% and muscles-75% .



Water is the lubricant of all moving parts in the body.  All cells are water cooled. The dry air of the airplane cabin wicks moisture away from the skin and can cause acute water loss if not properly managed . 

A very important tip to prevent jet lag is applying skin moisturizer to minimize dehydration. Often, dehydration symptoms alone present as jet lag.  



Drink plenty of water to remain hydrated. To avoid the uncomfortable feeling of “jet-belly” do not drink anything with bubbles because all gasses expand during flight causing acute abdominal distention (bloating). 

Airplane food is typically high in fat, salt, and sugar, and low in carbohydrates.  It is difficult to digest in flight with your intestines all swollen from the airplane's low air pressure.  Avoid alcohol and coffee; they have diuretic properties, i.e., they squeeze water out of your cells.  



For humidified breathing air, cover your nose with a water-saturated cotton handkerchief. (Fold on the diagonal and wrap ends around your ear).

After landing, take a shower or soak in the water tub as soon as possible.  Bathing when dehydrated helps to replenish moisture right through the pores and relaxes the nervous system. 



During a 3 hour flight your body can lose up to 1.5 litres of water, then you can do the math on how much water to drink by the length of your flight.   Use saline eye drops during the flight to prevent dry eyes and use a saline nasal spray too. 

Air gets rarified as you go higher up.  As you go higher the oxygen content which is 20.8% at the surface of the earth gets less. 

Therefore each breath of air that you breathe at, for example, 15,000 feet above sea level has about half the amount of oxygen of a breath taken at sea level.  Airplane cabins that are pressurized to accommodate an altitude of  8,000 feet or higher will decrease the oxygen level in the blood.  

The air that you breathe during a flight is the air that is outside your window, although the air is modified and compressed before being pumped into the cabin. This air is more akin to the thin rarified mountain air we breathe on high mountains. 

The already lesser oxygen of the pressurized air can have the same effects that low-oxygen does on earth. ie light headedness, difficulty in concentrating, shallow breathing, loss of math skills, aches in joints, impaired vision and other maladies . As altitude increases, the body becomes less and less efficient due to lesser oxygen. 

You may be aware that completely deprived of oxygen, the human body dies in 8 minutes. 


Although the proportion of gases such as oxygen, nitrogen and carbon dioxide remains the same in the atmosphere no matter the altitude, as you go higher the partial pressure of each decreases. Oxygen deficiency, which is technically known as hypoxia, occurs when there is a decrease in the partial pressure of inspired oxygen (PIO2 ), such as happens in an aircraft . 

The PIO2 at sea level is 150 mmHg; at altitude it can fall to 60 mmHg, decreasing the oxygen level in the blood to 89 percent or below.  Of all the tissue cells, the brain cells are the most sensitive to lack of oxygen. The areas of the brain most affected at low cabin altitudes are those associated with the powers of judgement, self-criticism and accurate performance. 

Carbon monoxide, the chief component in tobacco smoke of passive smokers , has 300 times greater affinity for haemoglobin than oxygen, and therefore will displace it readily to form carboxy-hemoglobin.  It is a good thing that aircrafts now ban smoking.




Hypoxia is defined as a lack of sufficient oxygen in the body cells or tissues. The higher the altitude, the greater the sleep disruption.  Generally, sleep disturbance becomes greater at altitudes of 13,000 feet or more.  The disturbance is caused by diminished oxygen levels and accompanying changes in respiration. 

This may makes you slightly lethargic, resulting in a higher risk of more severe jet lag symptoms.  If the flyer has an underlying medical condition, such as anemia or heart disease, having less oxygen may worsen jet lag symptoms even more.



Aircraft which have partially recirculated air have a higher humidity level ( breathing and perspiration of passengers ) than those with only a 100-percent fresh airflow—but then the quality of this air is very poor.

What with so many passengers in the plane - with some of them farting continuously and hyper ventilating passengers breathing out too much carbon-di-oxide..

Man’s  body is equipped to operate at greatest efficiency within relatively narrow limits of atmospheric pressure and, through years of habit, has adapted itself to movement on the ground.   As the plane gains altitude, the air pressure drops.  At 5,500 metres, it is only half of the pressure at sea level, at 11,000 metres—only a quarter.  

In the cabin interior, the pressure is always equivalent to that at a height of 2,500 metres.  The Concorde was an exception with higher cabin pressure differential.

The difference between the two pressures, outside and inside an aircraft cabin, is called the cabin pressure differential. The engines of jet airliners compress air as part of their operation. The air, which is bled from each engine, enters the fuselage throughout the flight to keep the pressure constant. 

There are outflow valves to control the expulsion of air and to protect the aircraft itself from excessive differential pressures. Too great a difference in the outside and inside pressures and, as in the case of the balloon or bicycle tyre, the plane would either burst or crumple in on itself.

During ascent or descent when the plane is below that height, the cabin pressure varies according to the air outside, and the pressure in your middle ear adapts accordingly (often noticeable by a crackling noise). These pressurization changes may cause discomfort in your ears during climb or descent. 

You can relieve this discomfort by yawning, swallowing hard or chewing gum. You can also pinch your nose and force air into it with your mouth shut. This will re-open the passage linking the middle ear with the pharynx and relieve the pressure.  

If you are travelling with a bad cold, nose drops in both nostrils during take off and landing will ease the swelling of the mucous membrane and allow the pressure in the middle ear to adapt more easily. 


The body contains a number of gas-filled cavities such as the ears, sinuses, lungs and stomach, which communicate with the surrounding atmosphere. In accordance with Boyle’s Law, the gas will expand on ascent in an aircraft by about 35 percent, and while there is unrestricted access between the cavities and the surrounding atmosphere, this expansion will occur unnoticed. However, if this pressure build-up cannot be relieved it may cause considerable pain.



See video above  how many of you think Freemason Charles Darwin and his evolved monkey gang will understand this?





The ear is composed of three sections. The outer ear is the auditory canal and ends at the eardrum. The middle ear is a cavity surrounded by bones of the skull and is filled with air. The Eustachian tube connects the middle ear to the throat. The inner ear is used for hearing and certain equilibrium senses.

As one ascends or descends, air must escape or be replenished through the Eustachian tube to equalize the pressure in the middle ear cavity with that of the atmosphere. If air is trapped in the middle ear, the eardrum stretches to absorb the higher pressure. The result is pain and sometimes temporary deafness.

During climbs, there is little problem since excess air escapes through the tube easily. However, during descents, when pressure in the middle ear must be increased. The Eustachian tubes do not open readily. The passengers must consciously make an effort to swallow or yawn to stimulate the muscular action of the tubes.

Sometimes it is advisable to use the Valsalva technique, that is, to close the mouth, hold the nose and blow gently. This action forces air up the Eustachian tubes.




Children may suffer severe pain because of ear blocks during descents. They should be repeatedly reminded to swallow or yawn. Small babies are incapable of voluntarily adjusting the pressure in the middle ear and should be given a bottle to suck during descents.

Painful ear block generally occurs; as a result of too rapid descent. Some stupid pilots descend too fast causing a great deal of grief to small babies.





Alcohol is absorbed very rapidly into the blood and tissues of the body. Alcohol is absorbed into the fluid of the inner ear and stays there after it has gone from the blood and brain. 



Since the inner ear monitors; balance, alcohol there can be responsible for incorrect balance information and possibly spatial disorientation.


The presence of alcohol in the blood interferes with the normal use of oxygen by the tissues (histotoxic hypoxia). Because of reduced pressure at high altitudes and the reduced ability of the haemoglobin to absorb oxygen, the effect of alcohol in the blood, during flight at high altitudes, is much more pronounced than at sea level. The effects of one drink are magnified 2 to 3 times over the effects the same drink would have at sea level.

Infection of the inner ear, that is a common symptom of a cold, can also produce severe vertigo. The tissue around the nasal end of the Eustachian tube will quite likely be swollen and middle ear problems associated, under normal conditions , with descent from altitude will be severely aggravated. A perforated eardrum is a possible result. Although a perforated eardrum usually heals soon, in some cases there is permanent hearing impairment or prolonged infection of the middle ear.



When you look out of the window in daylight , the sunlight is reflected is back into your eyes by cloud tops. This light contains more of the damaging blue and ultra-violet wavelengths than are encountered on the surface of the earth. 

Prolonged exposure can cause damage to the eye and especially to the lens. Sunglasses should, be worn to,  provide protection against these dangers and to prevent eyestrain in case you are the type who wants to look out from the window. 



Jet lag, is termed desynchronosis in medical parlance.   It results from alterations to the body's circadian rhythms resulting from rapid long-distance transmeridian (east to west or west to east) travel on a jet aircraft.  It is a physiological condition and has to be prevented or managed with this in mind. 

Transmeridian flights in excess of three time zones can result in significant circadian rhythm disruption. When flying in a westerly direction the day is lengthened. When flying east, against the direction of the sun, the day is shortened.




The traveller’s body clock will be out of synchronization with the destination time, as it experiences daylight and darkness contrary to the rhythms to which it has grown accustomed. The body's natural comfort zone pattern is upset, as the rhythms that dictate times for eating, sleeping, hormone regulation and body temperature variations no longer correspond to the environment , nor to each other. Resetting the circadian clock can be difficult.

The body operates with many circadian rhythms, such as body temperature regulation, endocrine (gland and hormone) function, airway function, and kidney (renal) function.

Jet-lag is not psychological; it is cycle logical. All our internal cycles (temperature, sleep, cravings for sweets, reactions to medications) are programmable, like computers. For instance, body temperature slowly rises throughout the day, drops dramatically around midnight, and begins to rise again before 6 a.m.

Mental alertness and the propensity to fall asleep are regulated by circadian rhythm. There are two peak times of day at which a person is most susceptible to falling asleep, 3 a.m. to 5 a.m. and 3 p.m. to 5 p.m. Most people have experienced the urge to fall asleep in the late afternoon, after eating lunch. It is not necessarily the food that makes people want to fall asleep at this time, but the time of day.

All the rhythms mentioned above occur in humans within a cycle of approximately 24.5 hours. These natural rhythms occur even in the absence of daylight or darkness. Studies in which people live without any way of knowing what time of day it is have shown that these people continue to follow a 24-hour schedule.

That is, they sleep for about eight hours, and their waking activity levels correlate with those found for individuals under normal conditions of time and light-dark cycles. It seems the influence of circadian rhythm is unavoidable.

People naturally synchronize their internal clocks with day-night cycles, which allows them to be awake during the day and to sleep during the night. The body regulates this chiefly through the eyes. Light stimulates nerves in the retina that pass a signal through a chain of nerves to the brain.

Some of these nerves feed the hypothalamus, a part of the brain that regulates body temperature, water and sugar ratios, and fluid secretions and which houses the suprachiasmatic nucleus, a bundle of nerves that controls the body's circadian rhythms.

The hypothalamus like a alarm clock regulates our sleep cycles, as well as many other body processes such as body temperature, hunger, thirst, blood pressure, and the level of hormones and glucose in the bloodstream.

A disruption to the circadian rhythm affects alertness, appetite, and hormone secretion because the hypothalamus is unable to immediately recover to a change in the environment. These interactions are responsible for the majority of the symptoms of jet lag...

When bright light stimulates the optic nerves, the optic nerves send the signal to the suprachiasmatic nucleus, which then triggers circadian rhythms, resulting in the synchronization of the body's 24-hour cycle with the earth's 24 hour cycle. When the eye of an air traveler perceives dawn or dusk many hours earlier or later than usual, the hypothalamus may trigger activities that the rest of the body is not ready for, and jet lag occurs.




Jet-lag affects us physically, mentally, and emotionally. A physical example is swollen feet and abdomen distension. . A mental example is disorientation. An emotional one is anxiety.

There is travel fatigue as the passenger is sitting in a cramped space, usually sharing elbow room with strangers  with little chance to move around and the concept  of time is disoriented.

Jet lag effects include  confusion, dehydration, headache, irritability, nausea, dizziness, lethargy, fatigue mild depression, unsettled feeling , decreased awareness and attention deficit. Meals, sleep, bowel habits, and other daily routines are all pushed either side.. 



Eastward travel is associated with difficulty falling asleep at the destination bedtime and difficulty arising in the morning. Westward travel is associated with early evening sleepiness and predawn awakening at the travel destination. Travelers flying within the same time zone typically experience the fewest problems.

 Your body clock controls your sleeping and waking pattern.  It also affects your hunger, digestion, bowel habits, urine production, body temperature and blood pressure.
  
Sunlight is a big component of your internal body clock.  When the sun goes down, your brain induces melatonin, your sleep-stimulating hormone.  The retina, a layer at the back of your eyeball, captures light and is used to receiving a regular amount of sunlight in your local time zone.  




Hi tech “sunglasses”,  “time control” spectacles, which can imitate sunlight patterns inside aircraft has been developed.  The glasses emit a soft green glow that helps a traveler adapt to changing sleep patterns and time zones in “small steps”.  Sunlight is the primary environmental influence that regulates the internal clock and the associated late-night melatonin pulse.

The earth's magnetic field is also be an environmental signal affecting circadian rhythms in humans.  When shielded from the earth's ambient magnetic field, human circadian rhythms become disrupted



Melatonin tablets which are used to manage jet lag , are available without doctors  prescription and selling like hot cakes 

The Pharma lobby tells you that these tablets are safe.

OH YEAH?


First of all, Melatonin is a sleep and body clock regulator – NOT a sleep initiator.   

Melatonin works with your biological clock by telling your brain when it is time to sleep. Melatonin does not increase your sleep drive or need for sleep.  

Your melatonin levels can be tested with a blood test, urine test or saliva test.  The melatonin is also produced in the retina, the skin, and the GI tract, but this is not the melatonin what affects your biological sleep clock.   

Melatonin in pill form does not function like your body’s naturally produced melatonin.  It affects the brain in bursts and rapidly leaves the system, instead of the slow build-up and slow wash-out that your body’s naturally produced melatonin experiences.


If Melatonin tablets are safe I dare any doctor to prescribe it to a pregnant woman or a woman who is nursing .  




Women who are pregnant,  nursing or attempting to become pregnant should avoid melatonin supplements.  Excessive melatonin use during pregnancy usually lead to developmental disorders in the baby, and high levels of melatonin may have a contraceptive effect on those hoping to conceive.  

Men using the supplement may notice a decrease in sperm count, decreased sperm mobility and increased breast size ( tuft titties ) .  Both men and women will experience a decrease in sex drive.  Melatonin supplements may increase cholesterol . 

Patients with type 1 diabetes have reported elevated blood sugar levels while taking melatonin. Even low doses of melatonin may reduce glucose tolerance and insulin sensitivity. Arrhythmia ( irregular heartbeat ) is often associated with regular use of melatonin supplements.  



Melatonin supplements have also been linked to an increased risk of autoimmune disorders such as autoimmune hepatitis, and even to triggering Crohn's disease ( bowel inflammation ) symptoms. According to MedlinePlus, users have reported stomach cramping, nausea and vomiting.

Melatonin is a hormone. It tells your body that it’s nighttime and it’s time to go to bed. It is not an herb, a vitamin, a medicine or a mineral. Hormones are naturally produced by your body as you need them. Which means it is very unlikely that someone has a melatonin deficiency—unless you are trying to beat jet lag with it in a stupid manner. 

While a melatonin supplement could be considered natural, in most cases, it doesn’t come from the earth. There are exceptions of foods that contain melatonin, but this is totally a different type of NATURAL melatonin , SANS SIDE EFFECTS than what is produced in by your pineal gland.


Melatonin can have side effects.  Doses of melatonin (2-3 mg or higher) have reported side effects of headaches, nausea, next- day grogginess, hormone fluctuations and nightmares




This means now I must explain Melatonin in greater detail.  

The Western world woke to to a gland by the name of Pineal Gland only recently-- after they read the ancient Indian Vedas of 5000 BC. 



The Shiva Lingam which produced Melatonin or rather converts Serotonin to Melatonin , is the pineal gland of Shiva.




Like I said before--

Our sleep is regulated by the production of the hormone melatonin.  

The perception of darkness alerts the hypothalamus to secrete melatonin which promotes sleep and the perception of light forces the hypothalamus to withhold melatonin.  

The hypothalamus cannot readjust its schedule instantly,  when shifted half way across the globe. It takes several days.  

Melatonin is manufactured in the pineal gland from tryptophan, and its synthesis and release are stimulated by darkness and suppressed by light. This means, the secretion of melatonin is responsible for setting our sleep-wake cycle.

The body clock is adjusted to the solar day by rhythmic cues in the environment, mainly the light-dark cycle, and the rhythmic secretion of melatonin. The hormone Melatonin is also produced in the gastrointestinal tract.  

Sheep that normally breed only once per year can be tricked into having two breeding seasons by treatment with melatonin. 

You can trick hens to lay two eggs a day, by putting ON/OFF  a bright white light.



Melatonin is a natural sedative. The brain releases melatonin only during times when the level of light is low. Melatonin is released during darkness even by animals that are nocturnal.  Melatonin is also a free radical scavenger and an antioxidant. 

The pineal gland is large in children but shrinks at puberty.  It appears to play a major role in sexual development, hibernation in animals, metabolism and seasonal breeding.  The retina in the eye transmits information on light exposure to the pineal gland.  

The pineal gland uses this information to coordinate the human biological clock.  Melatonin is secreted by the pineal gland at night to help induce sleep, while light exposure inhibits melatonin production. During the day, melatonin secretion is almost zero.

Melatonin is responsible for metabolism, sexual development and for regulating other hormones in the body. Pineal function can be affected by environmental stresses such as abnormal light and dark rhythms, temperature oscillations, radiation, high altitude and even magnetic fields. Electromagnetic fields (EMF) suppress the activity of the pineal gland and reduce melatonin production.  EMF activity therefore disrupts the bodies circadian rhythms. 

The pineal gland calcifies with age and melatonin production correspondingly decreases.

Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the super oxidant of  nature.  Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind.  PROZAC raises serotonin. The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for the human body

Chemically, you'll notice on a bottle of melatonin supplements that it says N-acetyl-5-methoxytryptamine.  However, natural melatonin is made from the brain tissue of cows. So how many vegetarians know about this?  

Remember mad cow disease a few years back? 

Were you warned, by the Pharma industry monopolized by Big Brother ? 

That's the risk of taking natural melatonin.  Melatonin safety for long-term use is dangerous, for frequent flyers . It is, after all, a hormone.  

And just like early studies reported benefits of estrogen use in women, which turned out to be a complicated mess, there is no way of knowing how long-term use of melatonin supplements will effect a human being.   The American Academy of Sleep Medicine does not approve of the use of melatonin supplements unless administered under the direction of a doctor.  In Europe, melatonin supplements are only available by prescription.


Synthesis and release of melatonin is stimulated by darkness and inhibited by light. But even without visual cues, the level of melatonin in the blood rises and falls on a daily (circadian) cycle with peak levels occurring in the wee hours of the morning. . The maximum amount of melatonin released in the bloodstream of the elderly is only half of that in young adults.



At sunset, the cessation of light triggers neural signals which stimulate the pineal gland to begin releasing melatonin.  In my home  you will NOT  see white fluorescent tube lights.  Have you ever seen white tube lights in any 5 star hotel-- like in a Mumbai Irani restaurant?



This rise continues for hours, eventually peaking around 2 a.m. (3 a.m. for the elderly) after which it steadily declines to minimal levels by morning.  The delay in timing and decrease in intensity of the melatonin pulse is a manifestation of the aging process. 

Melatonin secretion naturally drops off with age. This decrease is so reliable that blood melatonin levels have been proposed as a measurement of biological age. This age-related reduction in melatonin levels may partially account for the reason many older people have difficulty sleeping at night, and for why they are so fatigued during the day. This is called age-induced "jet-lag." TEE HEEEEE !

In Europe, melatonin at very high doses has been used as a contraceptive.   With circadian enhancers like melatonin, the timing is critical. When taken in opposition to the body's natural circadian rhythm, they cause cognitive deficit just like jet-lag does. But when taken in synchronization with the body's natural circadian rhythms, they enhance mental performance.



Within the pineal gland, serotonin is acetylated and then methylated to yield melatonin. Serotonin works by enhancing the mood, reducing pain and providing energy, and is a natural stimulant. Serotonin is a precursor to melatonin, meaning the body can convert serotonin into melatonin, which is then stored in the pineal gland. 


Serotonin is a neurotransmitter whose deficiency is associated with depression. Serotonin is targeted in the treatment of depression, but is not prescribed in its native form. Serotonin cannot pass the blood-brain barrier, so serotonin itself does not enhance mood . Instead, many medications for depression are aimed at stopping the breakdown of serotonin. 

The pineal gland of the brain sits outside the blood-brain barrier, meaning that melatonin can be used in its native form. Serotonin is a natural stimulant. Melatonin is a sedative derived from serotonin. 

An inadequate supply or inefficient use of either neurotransmitter is linked to mental illness. Depression can result from deficient serotonin or excessive melatonin production. Too much serotonin or too little melatonin can result in insomnia.

Move around on the plane on long flights to promote mental and physical acuity, as well as protect against deep vein thrombosis. Wear comfortable shoes and clothing.  Sleep, if possible, during long flights.  

Travelers should eat a bit less in-flight because the cabin pressure puts an extra strain on the digestive process. Many airlines have started serving their meals according to the destination's time zone .  Refrain also from drinking carbonated beverages or eating gas producing foods like beans.

Sleep on board if your flight lands in the morning and avoid sleeping on board if your flight lands in the evening When you first arrive, schedule work or other important activity at a time when you are likely to have maximum energy, (i.e., in the evenings, after jetting east, or in the mornings, after jetting west)

Avoid situations requiring critical decision making, such as important meetings, for the first day after arrival. 
As a ship-captain this is impossible most of the time, as after a hectic taking over, the ship has to be navigated out of port through busy lanes. After 30 years in command , I can vouch this is UNSAFE. All it requires is a hotel stay before going on board.


These problems which affect safety of life has NOT yet been addressed by the Maritime world, which is ruled by jack asses.

Grace and peace!-- trying playing this video below ( 20000 watts ) in a discotheque with BOSE speakers.






The Sanskrit chants are 7000 years old.

Guru Brahma Gurur Vishnu
Guru Devo Maheshwaraha
Guru Saakshat Para Brahma
Tasmai Sree Gurave Namaha

Meaning:  Guru is verily the representative of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. He creates, sustains knowledge and destroys the weeds of ignorance. I salute such a Guru.

Akhanda Mandalaakaaram
Vyaaptam Yenam charaacharam
Tatpadam Darshitam Yena
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning:  Guru can guide us to the supreme knowledge of THAT which pervades all the living and non-living beings in the entire Universe (namely Brahman).  I salute such a Guru.

Agnyaana Timiraandhasya
Gnyaana Anjana Shalaakayaa
Chakshuhu Unmeelitam Yenam
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning:  A Guru can save us from the pangs of ignorance (darkness) by applying on us the balm of knowledge or awareness of the Supreme, I salute such a Guru.

You will notice they are different from the modern BEAT IT,  BEAT IT or for the matter BABE BABE BABE 
********************************************************************
MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MANSA MUSA OF MALI, RICHEST  KING OF THE PLANET -- SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE OF KERALA,  THE RICHEST TEMPLE OF THE PLANET-- IBN BATTUTA'S  TRAVEL ACCOUNTS IN MECCA, MALI AND CALICUT , --  BARTER OF GOLD FOR VEDIC BOOKS OF KNOWLEDGE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Two days ago, it was a bit distressing to hear that the rebels burn the library of Mali containing ancient  books of knowledge accumulated by Mansa Musa , the richest king of this planet ever.  



I guess the rebels did this with a heavy heart to prevent the white man stealing their books and carting it away. 

As it is in the guise of digital translation the white man has been trying hard to get hold of these ancient priceless books — most of which are Arabic translations of  Kerala school of Vedic Maths and Science.


US attempts to build up Mali's military as a bulwark against the extremists, by training army officers and providing equipment including brand-new Land Cruisers with huge long range guns and expensive communications equipment, ( like in Libya ) backfired spectacularly last year after a rebellion in the north provoked a coup that unseated the elected government in Bamako.  On March 22, 2012  just a month before a presidential election in the country, US trained Capt Amadou Haya Sanogo and soldiers loyal to him stormed the presidential palace in the capital Bamako and overthrew President Amadou Toumani Toure.

In 1799, the owner of British East India Company , German Jew Rothschild stole the largest amount of gold on this planet from Tipu Sultan , and carted it away to Europe. 

This would be the base of the Rothschild banking cartel fortune-- and their elevation to the status of Big Brother.

Tipu Sultan stole his gold from the vaults of the ancient Kerala temples, the fruit of millenniums of trade in spices and knowledge –yes- knowledge.  An insignificant temple of South Kerala was NOT destroyed by Tipu Sultan. 

He tried , but all he got for his efforts was a broken leg and loss of his sword, which is now with Indian Businessman Vijay Mallya.

Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL to know more about the dirty tricks of the Jew Rothschild.



In June 2011, the Indian Govt opened a minor vault of this temple and the discovery shocked the world. An enormous quantity of gold was found,  valued prima facie at 24 billion US dollars .



The antique value of gold artifacts and jewels will make the value 10 times more.  



This forced the Indian Govt to abort the opening of the major vaults, due to security concerns. Probably they are at a loss to understand what to do with all this money.



Till today all are scratching their heads as to the source of this gold, lying unknown , in the sealed vaults of this minor temple--  Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple of Kerala..




Punch into Google search IBN BATTUTA AT CALICUT VADAKAYIL to read an account of the barter of gold by Mansa Musa , the wise king of Mali with books of knowledge ( of medicine, maths, astronomy, science etc)  with the Calicut king.  



Ibn Batuta was at Calicut ( my hometown ) and worked in the Calicut Kings court for a while.  A lot of Vedic books were translated into Arabic .





Mansa Musa was  born in 1280 and ruled the Mali Empire which, at the time, produced more than 70% of the world's supply of gold thus contributing to his substantial wealth. 

Mansa Musa's reign (1312-1337 CE) was "the golden age of the empire of Mali”. Today Mali has been exploited and is one of the poorest countries in the world.  Mali has good reserves of Uranium, oil and gas.



Mansa Musa is remembered for his extravagant Hajj (pilgrimage to Mecca), which he performed in 1324. 



The journey across Africa to Mecca took over a year and he is said to have travelled with a large retinue of camels, slaves, subjects, saddled horses, coloured flags, gold - as well as his senior wife Inari Kunate, who, apparently took with her five hundred maids-in-waiting.

Mansa Musa set out from Mali for Mecca with an entourage of 60,000 people as per Ibn Batuta who visited Mecca 9 years later.

Since his empire was one of the richest in the world, the caravan of travelers must have made quite an impression to everyone they passed. 12,000 servants accompanied him, each wearing valuable silks and carrying a 4 pound bar of gold.  




More than 100 camels of this caravan carried more than 300 pounds of gold nuggets , each. The propaganda is that he gave all the gold away away free,  enroute.

No Sir!  not at all !!!.  

He has lot of scholars with him and he bought up every book of knowledge on the way for nearly one year.  He also hired doctors , architects , teachers , thinkers, translators and scholars and took them back to Mali with him.  He would set up great universities.



Those days the King of Calicut had his own camel caravan operating between seaports Aden, Salalah to Mecca and from  Bernice in Egypt to Mali – and he got royalty for the goods and the books of knowledge translated to Arabic.



This wise king knew that knowledge is more precious than gold, which very few understood those days.  

Most of this knowledge in those days were transcripts of Vedic Indian books in Astronomy, Medicine, Maths, Science etc translated to Arabic from Malayalam and Sanskrit books of Kerala--my home state.

This is as per Ibn Batuta’s accounts .



Musa’s Mecca trip and his barter of gold for books and scholars would soon establish Mali as one of the intellectual capitals of the world.  Mali developed one of the richest educational traditions of the world at that time.  Libraries were all over cities such as Gao and Timbuktu. Public and private collections had thousands of books.

Most of these books are still lying in deep foxholes in the desert sands at the people of Mali do NOT trust any central library which can be raided by the cunning white man.

This tradition of knowledge lasts until today in Mali. Families still hold on to private library collections that number in the hundreds of books, many of them hundreds of years old. 



The people of Mali are fiercely protective of their knowledge that has been passed down from the time of Mansa Musa, making it very difficult for outsiders to access these great libraries. 

Mind you, never be under the illusion that this knowledge is generated from brains of Mali citizens -- this is IMPORTED Indian ( translated ) knowledge, paid for with gold nuggets --money well spent.


Those days you could dig 3 feet under the ground with a stick and get gold nuggets.



Mansa Musa was the richest man ever to have lived! The 14th Century king of Mali is ranked at number one in a new inflation-adjusted list of the world's 25 wealthiest people of all time (three of which are still alive including Bill Gates and Warren Buffet). This king is said to have had a personal net worth of $400 billion at the time of his death in 1337 !

Timbuktu is not mentioned by the early Arab geographers such as al-Bakri and al-Idrisi. The first mention of Timbuktu is by the Moroccan traveler Ibn Battuta who visited Timbuktu in 1353.



Timbuktu is located in the western African nation of Mali at the edge of the Sahara.  The popular statement, " From here to Timbuktu." conjures up images of remote, isolated and distant parts of this earth.  Despite its illustrious history, modern-day Timbuktu is an impoverished town,  desperately poor even by Third World standards.

Mansa Mussa's pilgrimage to Mecca in 1324 had made Mali known worldwide and attracted the attention of the Kings of Portugal and Spain. The fact that so much of gold was bartered and taken away to Calicut was NOT lost on them. 

It is no wonder that soon by 1498,  Vasco Da Gama would land at Calicut. Some of the Kerala manuscripts translated to Arabic are now found in Mauritania.



Today, nothing remains of the palace built by Mansa Musa, but the mosque still stands as a reminder of the past. After the Europeans actually reached Timbuktu, it was reduced to little more than a "mass of ill-looking houses made of earth." 

They had no interest other than looting whatever wealth was available.  The local population hid the books in fox holes in the desert and most of them are still there in these holes.



Today Timbuktu lies in the independent country of Mali. It is accessible by air, but it is far easier to go by boat or camel caravan.

On 3 April 2012, the BBC reported that the Islamist rebel group Ansar Dine had started implementing  Islamic sharia in Timbuktu , and that the Christian population had fled the city,  pissing off the Christian West.

Never mind the poverty and the suffering.  French and British soldiers are now in Mali, to re-install their "pro-west puppet democratic government".  

Christianity must get a toe hold and prevail, right?




History repeats itself.

The widespread looting in Baghdad, Basra, Mosul, Kirkuk and other Iraqi cities, following the collapse of the Ba'athist regime of President Saddam Hussein, was not merely an incidental byproduct of the US military conquest of Iraq.  It was deliberately encouraged and fostered.  Thousands took part in the looting in Baghdad which began , the day the Hussein government ceased to function in the capital city . Some of them have already found their way to the auction houses of the West, quietly .

Perhaps the most devastating loss for the Iraqi people is the ransacking of the National Museum, the greatest trove of archaeological and historical artifacts in the Middle East. The 28 galleries of the huge museum were picked clean by “sponsored” looters ( with US military watching ) who made off with more than 171,000 irreplaceable artifacts, PRICELESS  relics of past civilizations dating back 8,000 years .
********************************************************************
AR RAHMAN TEAMS UP WITH HANS ZIMMER ,84TH OSCAR AWARDS 2012 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

EAST MEETS WEST-  AR RAHMAN AND HANS ZIMMER - 84TH OSCAR AWARDS 2012 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The 84th Oscar awards ( 2012 ) audience "shivered their musical timbers" , when two living legends cum geniuses Indian AR Rehman and German Hans Zimmer joined forces on stage.

Check out the video below ( Sangamam ) yourself-  put on your headphones.




This is the 3rd time AR Rahman is performing on the Oscar stage-- to a spellbound and appreciative Western audience.



In 2009, the Rahman won two golden statuettes for best original score and best original song (Jai ho) for the Hollywood movie Slumdog Millionaire.

Rahman is a music composer, singer, songwriter, music producer, musician  and multi-instrumentalist . Zimmer is a music composer and producer.

In addition to two Academy Awards, Rahman has won two Grammy Awards, a BAFTA Award, a Golden Globe, four National Film Awards, fifteen Filmfare Awards and thirteen Filmfare Awards South in addition to numerous other awards and nominations.  

He is called " the Mozart of Madras"-- 

To be frank he is a greater genius than Mozart or Hans Zimmer as he can sing too, in addition to being astonishing on the keyboard.  

In 2009, Time placed Rahman in its list of World's Most Influential People. The UK based World Music magazine Songlines named him one of 'Tomorrow's World Music Icons' in August 2011.



German Hans Florian Zimmer has composed music for several hit Hollywood movies like for The Lion King (1994), Crimson Tide (1995), Gladiator (2000), The Last Samurai (2003), The Dark Knight (2008) and Inception (2010). 

He has received four Grammy Awards, two Golden Globes, a Classical BRIT Award, and an Academy Award. 

He was also named on the list of Top 100 Living Geniuses, published by The Daily Telegraph.

 

RAHMAN FOR BHARAT RATNA !

Late addendum :

Below video shows Tamil music director Ilayaraja's genius  ( see my comments column below )--  he has pulled soul strings in almost 1000 movies-- and how!. .

 

 


ILAYARAJA IS THE JEWEL ON THE CROWN OF INDIA --  BHARAT RATNA IS BELOW HIM.

Check out a clip of the Malayalam movie Pazhassi Raja below --  Ilayaraja, bagged the National Award for the best background score for Malayalam film Kerala Varma Pazhassi Raja. Shivered your timbers-- nay --every cell of your body , right?




Let me introduce young Stephen Devassy,  a genius Malayali keyboard player from Kerala--  a Dhoni look alike.  Can Hans Zimmer do this? 

Stephen holds the record at Trinity College of Music, London for completing the course in three years’ time-- the shortest ever.

See video below.



THERE IS A WHOLE BETTER 

WORLD BEYOND OSCARS !!

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
GROWING OLD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



GROWING OLD -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





I'm Fine, How are You?

There's nothing the matter with me,
I'm just as healthy as can be,
I have arthritis in both knees,
And when I talk, I talk with a wheeze.
My pulse is weak, my blood is thin,
But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in.
All my teeth have had to come out,
And my diet I hate to think about.
I'm overweight and I can't get thin,
But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in.
Arch supports I need for my feet.
Or I wouldn't be able to go out in the street.
Sleep is denied me night after night,
But every morning I find I'm all right.
My memory's failing, my head's in a spin.
But I'm awfully well for the shape I'm in.
The moral of this as the tale unfolds,
Is that for you and me, who are growing old.
It is better to say "I'm fine" with a grin,
Than to let people know the shape we are in.
I'm fine, how are you ?





ABC's of Aging

A is for arthritis,
B is for bad back,
C is for the chest pains. Corned Beef? Cardiac?
D is for dental decay and decline,
E is for eyesight--can't read that top line.
F is for fissures and fluid retention
G is for gas (which I'd rather not mention--
and not to forget other gastrointestinal glitches)
H is high blood pressure
I is for itches, and lots of incisions
J is for joints, that now fail to flex
L is for libido--what happened to sex?
Wait! I forgot about K!
K is for my knees that crack all the time
(But forgive me, I get a few lapses in my
Memory from time to time)
N is for nerve (pinched) and neck (stiff) and neurosis
O is for osteo-for all the bones that crack
P is for prescriptions, that cost a small fortune
Q is for queasiness. Fatal or just the flu?
Give me another pill and I'll be good as new!
R is for reflux--one meal turns into two
S is for sleepless nights,
counting fears on how to pay my medical bills!
T is for tinnitus--I hear bells in my ears
and the word 'terminal' also rings too near
U is for urinary and the difficulties that flow (or not)
V is for vertigo, as life spins by
W is worry, for pains yet unfound
X is for X ray--and what one might find
Y is for year (another one, I'm still alive).
Z is for zest
For surviving the symptoms my body's deployed,
And keeping twenty-six doctors gainfully employed

  
Copyright © 1999-2013 Denny Davis
********************************************************************
THE DREAMER AND REM SLEEP, THE WITNESS AND TURIYA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


VEDIC SECRETS OF REM SLEEP,   APNEA THE HIDDEN AND UNSUNG KILLER ,  BETA ALPHA THETA DELTA BRAIN FREQUENCIES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 






The ancient Vedic Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the human mind.  They did NOT need modern EEG, EMG , EOG or scanners – these 12 strand DNA seers with king size pineal glands could see the aura outside the visual sense range.  The various frequency ranges came as colour.

This was my school morning assembly prayer-- a 7000 year old,  lofty  Sanskrit chant.

ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मा अमृतं गमय ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥

Om Asato Maa Sad-Gamaya |
Tamaso Maa Jyotir-Gamaya |
Mrtyor-Maa Amrtam Gamaya |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

"From the unreal lead me to the real!
From darkness lead me to light!
From death lead me to immortality!"
Upanishads, the Brihadaranyaka ( 1.3.28 )—5000 BC

"The Upanishads contain such godlike fullness of wisdom on all things that I feel the authors must have looked with calm remembrance back through a thousand passionate lives, full of feverish strife for and with shadows, ere they could have written with such certainty of things which the soul feels to be sure."-- A. E. George Russell - Poet, mystic.



In the 7000 year old Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great ancient Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma of opportunistic men ( who became brokers of Gods or Gods themselves ), burnings at the stake, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.

Watch the video below.





The modern Indian sage Maharishi Ramana ( 1879- 1950 ) used to be in REM sleep for so long that his friends in school used to kick him to wake him up, without effect. 

The instant he passed away,  a huge crowd along with many Western skeptics , saw a bright shooting star .  He was buried in meditative sitting lotus pose , instead of the Hindu custom of cremation-- as fit for a jeevan mukt or a "liberated soul ".

Probably this custom is to discourage FAKE sages who dupe the gullible masses.  

After you die your naive followers will bury you, and then you are condemned for ever, with your soul trapped on earth-- a horrible self inflicted punishment indeed..  


Punch into Google search  RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL.



This reminds me, I must put a post on this great man.





OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.







Stage 1 ( Drowsiness ) - When you first fall asleep, you are in Stage 1 sleep which last about 8 minutes. Eyes move slowly under the eyelids, and muscle activity slows down. You are between  the alpha state and theta states. 

This is a stage between sleep and wakefulness and you can be easily awakened. The muscles are active, and the eyes roll slowly, opening and closing moderately, and you drift in and out of sleep.

Stage 2 (Light Sleep) -Next, you go into Stage 2 sleep . Here eye movements stop, heart rate slows, and body temperature decreases. You are in Theta state, it gradually becomes harder to awaken the sleeper. 

When you meditate your brain goes from Beta 25 Hz to Alpha 12 Hz and then to Theta 7 Hz.  Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " -- while delta is connected with " unconscious mind.  



Stages 3 and 4 (Deep Sleep) - Then you enter Stages 3 and 4 (Deep Sleep). During stages 3 and 4, the slow wave sleep , you are difficult to awaken. People who are awakened during Deep Sleep do not adjust immediately and often feel groggy and disoriented for several minutes after they wake up. 

Children may experience bedwetting, night terrors, or sleepwalking during Deep Sleep. You are in the Delta state  of high amplitude waves at less than 3 Hz and sometimes in Theta.  The sleeper is less responsive to the environment; many environmental stimuli no longer produce any reactions.

REM sleep (Dream Sleep) - At about 70 to 90 minutes into your sleep cycle, you enter REM sleep. You usually have three to five REM episodes per night. Your eyes jerk rapidly in various directions under your eyelids, thus the name Rapid Eye Movement (REM) Sleep, where most muscles are paralyzed with occasional twitches.  



This level is also referred to as paradoxical sleep because the sleeper, although exhibiting Beta EEG waves similar to a waking state, is harder to arouse than at any other sleep stage. 

Vital signs indicate arousal and oxygen consumption by the brain is higher than when the sleeper is awake.  There is shallow rapid breathing.  REM stage has increased heart rate, raised blood pressure, erection in males, and the body does not regulate its temperature. Most of the vivid dreams occur during REM sleep, once awaken at this stage a person can remember the dreams.

The function of REM sleep is still NOT yet determined by modern science, and this is what I will address here . All scientists know is that a lack of it will impair the ability to learn complex tasks.  One approach to understanding the role of sleep is to study the deprivation of it.  During this period, the EEG pattern returns to high frequency waves which look similar to the waves produced while the person is awake.

A newborn baby spends almost 9 hours , or 50% of the day in REM sleep. By the age of five or so, only slightly over two hours is spent in REM.  An adult reaches REM approximately every 90 minutes, with the latter half of sleep being more dominated by this stage. Adults spend  20% in REM. Older adults spend progressively less time in REM sleep.



Infants generally require about 16 hours a day, while teenagers need about 9 hours on average. For most adults, 7 to 8 hours a night appears to be the best amount of sleep, although some people may need as few as 5 hours .

Sleep deprivation affects the immune system in detrimental ways.  Sleep is necessary for our nervous systems to work properly. Too little sleep leaves us drowsy and unable to concentrate the next day. It also leads to impaired memory and physical performance and reduced ability to carry out math calculations. If sleep deprivation continues, hallucinations and mood swings may develop.


Dreams mainly occur in the rapid-eye movement (REM) stage of sleep—when brain activity is high and resembles that of being awake.  REM sleep is revealed by continuous movements of the eyes during sleep. 

Dreams can last for a few seconds, or as long as twenty minutes. People are more likely to remember the dream if they are awakened during the REM phase. The average person has about 3 to 5 dreams per night, but some may have up to 7 dreams in one night. 

The dreams tend to last longer as the night progresses. During a full 8-hour night sleep, two hours of it is spent dreaming. Dreams can have varying natures, such as frightening, exciting, magical, melancholic, adventurous, or sexual.

Like I said , males have an erection and females have enlarged clitoris during REM sleep.  However this is NOT because of thoughts of sex, sorry.  No matter what a dream is about, REM sleep will cause an erection in a man who is not impotent.   Even newborn boys have a boner during REM sleep!   The reason why men sometimes wake up with a hop is simply because they were having a dream when they woke up.

In females, nocturnal clitoral tumescence or NCT is accompanied by vaginal blood flow and transudation ( lubrication ).   

So my dear gals take it easy, you are NOT so dirty minded, as you thought you were, and kept it as a dark secret. Just about 5% of your REM dreams were sexual. —TEE HEEEE !! 



During a normal night of sleep the penis and clitoris may be erect for a total time of from one hour to as long as three and a half hours during REM.

The fact that a penis becomes erect and a clitoris becomes engorged, regardless of whether the dreams in progress have any erotic content or not is used to determine whether a man’s impotence is of physiological or psychological origin.

Twice the amount of blood flows to your brain during REM than when you are conscious.

Sigmund Freud, who greatly influenced the field of psychology, believed dreaming was a "safety valve" for unconscious desires. Sorry Freud , we had enough of all our sex and ego theories-- think again ! You have NOT understood the Vedic theories from which you dipped abundantly.




Note:  Jew Sigmund Freud wanted to be cremated NOT buried-- shows the deep impression Hinduism had on him. He was afforded access to original Vedic Sanskrit texts by his sponsors Rothschild, the owners of British East India Company. The monopolized media made a super hero out of him.




Alcohol reduces REM sleep, which aint good .  Barbiturates cause drowsiness and have actions similar to alcohol in that they have a rebound effect and inhibit REM sleep. During REM sleep, the release of the neurotransmitters norepinephrine, serotonin and histamine is completely suppressed.

At least 95% of all dreams are not remembered. Certain brain chemicals necessary for converting short-term memories into long-term ones are suppressed during REM sleep. Unless a dream is particularly vivid and if one wakes during or immediately after it, the content of the dream is not remembered, unless you write it down immediately within a few seconds .

Horses , other herbivorous ungulates and Zebra can sleep while standing, but must necessarily lie down for REM sleep. Some aquatic mammals and some birds can sleep with one half of the brain while the other half is awake, so-called unihemispheric slow-wave sleep.  REM sleep and the ability to dream seem to be embedded in the biology of many organisms that live on Earth. All mammals experience REM. Dolphins experience minimum REM.

During a typical lifespan, a person spends a total of about six years dreaming (which is about two hours each night)




So why is REM sleep so important?

Primarily REM is the brain's way of  ensuring that the consciousness can be “booted up”, in the absence of an external trigger. In the absence of external stimulus, the brain might stay in  deep sleep coma continuously until dehydration causes death.  Humans cannot go into hibernation.

Non REM sleep restores our body physiologically , as when the body is at reast more cell division and repair happens..

REM sleep restores us mentally.  REM sleep thus plays a huge role  in learning and memory. During REM sleep, your brain consolidates and processes the information you’ve learned during the day. 

It forms neural connections that strengthen memory, and replenishes its supply of neurotransmitters, including feel-good chemicals like serotonin and dopamine that boost your mood during the day.

REM has an UNLEARNING and  memory-consolidating function .  Some of these memories taken in by our senses may be rejected by the mind as useless, while others may be seen as valuable and retained.

There is information exchange from the conscious left lobe ( for right handers ) to be sub conscious right lobe. Learned skills consolidate in the brain during the REM sleep. This is why after a brain storming session, the thoughts must be left to incubate till an REM sleep.  Major decisions are kept pending till then. 

Can you imagine such ideas were developed by Indian Maharisis 7000 years ago, during their dielectic sessions ?. These noble souls never debated !.  



The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.  This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong, and thus a jury or judge or a vote is needed to decide the matter. 


REM sleep, is particularly important to the developing brain, possibly because it provides the neural stimulation that newborns need to form mature neural connections and for proper nervous system development.  

Deprivation of REM sleep early in life for new born babies can result in severe behavioral problems, permanent sleep disruption, decreased brain mass, and will result in an abnormal amount of neuronal cell death. 


The amount of REM sleep in humans drastically decreases with age. About 50% of infant sleeping is spent in REM, compared to only about 20% for adults.  Fetuses and infants need heightened neural activity to stimulate brain development.

REM has been shown to have links to memory consolidation and to learning. Adults who are deprived of REM sleep have trouble remembering and learning new things.  REM sleep stimulates the brain regions used in learning.  

This is most important for normal brain development during infancy, which would explain why infants spend much more time in REM sleep than adults .  REM sleep gives the brain a chance to exercise important neuronal connections that may otherwise deteriorate from lack of activity.

Like deep sleep, REM sleep is associated with increased production of proteins. People taught a skill and then deprived of non-REM sleep could recall what they had learned after sleeping,  while people deprived of REM sleep could not.



People participating in an intensive language learning course experienced an increase of REM. This indicates that the brain requires more REM sleep in order to assimilate the new information.

REM sleep provided endogenous stimulation to prevent the brain from being shut down too long.  REM sleep also acts as an escape valve for letting off the “psychic steam” that accumulates from emotional stresses during the day.  

People become anxious, irritable, and sometimes borderline psychotic, when they have been  experimentally deprived of REM.  During REM dreaming almost all neurons in all parts of the brain increase firing rate. This firing rate is generally considered indicative of biologically significant information processing. 



During REM sleep, the brain’s oxygen consumption , which reflects its energy consumption , ( I will talk about UNSUNG killer Apnea soon )  is very high– even higher than when someone is awake and thinking about a complex cognitive problem.  



This is at a time when there is almost total muscle paralysis tonus during REM sleep. Only the respiratory and cardiac muscles maintain “essential services” , and the eye muscles remain active, producing the rapid eye movements characterizing this form of sleep. The small muscles of the middle ear also remain active.



During REM sleep, the body’s inner temperature is no longer well regulated and tends to shift toward the temperature of its surroundings,  just as in reptiles.




REM sleep behavior disorder is often associated with a neurological disorder, such as Parkinson’s disease or a brain stem tumor.  We have two sets of nervous systems. One controls excitation, while the other controls inhibition of the Tamas-Rajas ( yin-yang ) .  

If a Parkinson patient like boxer Mohammed Ali , who received a lot of pounding on his head, holds out his hand , you will observe minor tremors. This is actually stimulated by slight, random differences in the amount each of the two systems are firing.



The brain contains more than 20 billion neurons.  Each of these brain cells have 10000 connections with other nerve cells through out the brain.  The electric, magnetic and chemical fields of your brain are in perpetual flux.  



Neurons do not reproduce after birth.  But glial cells, axons and dendrites increase in number throughout life.  When we cease learning or having REM sleep these connection shrivel and dwindle away.




Astronauts take a Schumann field generator with them to produce 7.83 Hertz ( which is also the frequency of the earth and Hindu king mantra OM ) , to get proper REM sleep. This Schumann generator can generate full strength Schumann resonance which is in harmony with the 7 chakras of the human body.  



Without this resonance, the top 3 chakras in your body are rendered ineffective





Smokers tend to sleep very lightly and often wake up in the early morning due to nicotine withdrawal. Alcohol robs people of deep sleep and REM sleep and keeps them in the lighter stages of sleep.


Now let me digress to Apnea.


Millions of people have died in the sleep because of APNEA.   All these deaths have been attributed to “died peacefully in sleep” , cardiac arrest, stroke etc.  
BLAH BLAH.


Watch the video below- for even you, could fall victim to this UNSUNG condition.





Every time you get choked, and oxygen levels fall too low , the survival mechanism kicks in and your body automatically gets out of REM sleep to "DE- paralyse " your voluntary muscles, so that you may continue breathing and live another day .  

This deprives "Apnea party " of REM sleep,  and thus quality rest. Such people remain stupid. Reduced REM sleep may contribute to weight problems in teenagers and children,


An estimated 20 million “not so bright” Americans have sleep apnea, as per research .  However, few of them have had the problem diagnosed.  





The EEG pattern during REM sleep is similar to the EEG Beta pattern when people are awake. However, the muscle activity is very quiet during REM sleep.  This means that sleepwalkers are not in REM sleep, and are not acting out their dreams.

During REM sleep, the large voluntary muscles of the body are paralyzed. Conversely, brain activity is quite intense at this stage. REM sleep is the stage of sleep when people dream.  It is thought by sleep researchers that the paralysis of the large muscles occurs to keep people from acting out their dreams. 

REM sleep is sometimes called paradoxical sleep, due to the contrast between the high brain activity and the physical immobility of the sleeper.



Sleep apnea is a disorder of interrupted breathing during sleep. It usually occurs in association with fat buildup or loss of muscle tone with aging. These changes allow the windpipe to collapse during breathing when muscles relax during sleep . This problem, called obstructive sleep apnea, is usually associated with loud snoring (though not everyone who snores has this disorder).  

Sleep apnea also can occur if the neurons that control breathing malfunction during sleep. During an episode of obstructive apnea, the person's effort to inhale air creates suction that collapses the windpipe.  This blocks the air flow for 10 seconds to a minute while the sleeping person struggles to breathe.



 When the person's blood oxygen level falls, the brain responds by awakening the person enough to tighten the upper airway muscles and open the windpipe. 

The person may snort or gasp, then resume snoring. This cycle may be repeated hundreds of times a night. 

The frequent awakenings that sleep apnea patients experience leave them continually sleepy and may lead to personality changes such as irritability or depression. 


Sleep apnea also deprives the person of oxygen, which can lead to morning headaches, a loss of interest in sex, or a decline in mental functioning. It also is linked to high blood pressure, irregular heartbeats, and an increased risk of heart attacks and stroke.

In some high-risk individuals, sleep apnea may even lead to sudden death from respiratory arrest during sleep.




Sleep apnea disrupts sleep cycles and it can interfere with the ability to reach the REM stage of sleep throughout the night..

Patients with the typical features of sleep apnea, such as loud snoring, obesity, and excessive daytime sleepiness, should be referred to a specialized sleep center that can perform a test called polysomnography .  This test records the patient's brain waves, heartbeat, and breathing during an entire night.

If sleep apnea is diagnosed, several treatments are available. Mild sleep apnea frequently can be overcome through weight loss or by preventing the person from sleeping on his or her back, by stitching a tennis ball on the pyjamas behind.. Lateral positions (sleeping on a side), as opposed to supine positions (sleeping on the back), are also recommended as a treatment for sleep apnea.

Other people may need special devices or surgery to correct the obstruction. People with sleep apnea should never take sedatives or sleeping pills, which can prevent them from awakening enough to breathe.

Again, a person with apnea literally stops breathing while asleep, because their throat collapses. Breathing only starts again when the person awakens, but the person does not remember doing this.  The person wakes up – starts breathing again – and then goes back to sleep without remembering having woken up.  This happens HUNDREDS of times a night!

Every night in America, more than 55 million people stop breathing.  In the worst cases, no air enters the lungs for 40 – 60 seconds or longer. About 40,000 fatal heart attacks and strokes each year are from apnea in USA .

Apnea sufferers often have super loud snoring and high blood pressure. Apnea is often but not always associated with snoring.  It is always present if snoring is present.  It is often associated with extreme fatigue. ‘Jackhammer’ snorers have the most dangerous form of snoring.

With the onset of apnea, an underpressure develops in the airspace of the lungs, because more oxygen is absorbed than CO2 is released. With the airways closed or obstructed, this will lead to a gradual collapse of the lungs. CO2 will also accumulate in the tissues of the body, resulting in respiratory acidosis.

Regardless of type, an individual with sleep apnea is rarely aware of having difficulty breathing, even upon awakening, other than a heavy head with depression.  Symptoms may be present for years (or even decades) without identification, during which time the sufferer may become conditioned to the daytime sleepiness and fatigue associated with significant levels of sleep disturbance. 

The sign that is most suggestive of sleep apneas occurs when habitual snorers stop snoring for more than 20 seconds —and then resume snoring after some time with a rasping and snorting gasp .. Prolonged apnea leads to severe lack of oxygen in the blood circulation.

Brain cells need constant oxygen to live, and if the level of blood oxygen goes low enough for long enough, there is every possibility of brain damage. Partial brain damage can occur, making that person stupid with poor memory. 



The following groups of people have a higher risk of developing OSA-- obstructive sleep apnea
Diabetes - especially if the diabetes is not well controlled
Individuals with hypertension (high blood pressure)
Obese individuals
People who regularly suffer from nasal congestion
People whose inner jaw is set back further than normal
People with enlarged tonsils or adenoids
People with fat necks
Smokers - regular smoking significantly increases the risk of OSA
Regular alcohol consumption - alcohol is a sedative which can over-relax the throat muscles.
Family history - people whose parent or sibling has/had OSA have a higher risk of developing it themselves.
Down syndrome - people with Down syndrome are more likely to suffer from OSA, compared to other individuals.

Complications of OSA- obstructive sleep apnea--
Hypertension (high blood pressure)
Accidents - because the patient is sleepy during waking hours.
Family members suffer - especially if a person shares the same bed or bedroom. Loud snoring, a common feature of OSA, can undermine the quality of sleep of other members of the household.
Later risk of heart attack
Erectile dysfunction - problems either getting a boner or maintaining one.
Stroke - there is a greater risk of having a stroke, and suffering a second stroke if the sleep apnea is not treated properly.

“Experienced” apneists, can hold their breath for a long time--we could send them for pearl diving , right?  TEE HEEE !!. 

While in Bigg Boss episode 6, Navjot Singh Sidhu said he has seen Sachin Tendulkar sleep walking in the hotel alleyway at night , while in Pakistan for a cricket test series.


So what is sleep walking?

It happens while in deep NON REM sleep with Delta brain waves, as in REM sleep all large voluntary muscles are paralysed.  Sleepwalking is also known as "somnambulism"; sleeptalking is also known as "somniloquy."

If you have a sleep walker in your house make sure he does NOT fall down and hurt himself, or even get an electric shock. Sleepwalkers are commonly injured when they trip and lose their balance. You may need to block off stairways with a rope.

Fatigue, lack of sleep, and anxiety are all associated with sleepwalking. When people sleepwalk, they may sit up and look as though they are awake when they are actually asleep. They may get up and walk around, or go to the bathroom.  

The episode can be very brief (a few seconds or minutes) or it can last for 30 minutes or longer, but most episodes last for less than 10 minutes. If they are not disturbed, sleepwalkers will go back to sleep. However, they may fall asleep in a different or even unusual place. If the person is returned to bed without awakening, they usually does not remember the event. 

It is not at all dangerous to awaken a sleepwalker, although it is common for the person to be confused or disoriented for a short time when they wake up.

Symptoms of sleepwalking include:
Having blank glassy look ( look right through you as if you are invisible ) on his face
Opening eyes during sleep
Not remembering the sleep walking episode when they wake up
Rarely, showing aggressive behavior when they are woken up by someone else
Sitting up and appearing awake during sleep
Taking in sleep and saying things that do not make sense
Taking in sleep and saying things that do not make sense
Attempt to escape from the house in search of something, say the heart of a dream girl.
Approximately 15% of children between 4-12 years of age will experience sleepwalking. Adults do less sleepwalking.  Due to the short time frame involved, sleepwalking tends not to occur during naps.




Sleep talking can occur during any stage of sleep. The lighter the sleep, the more intelligible the speech. Sleep-talking by itself is harmless, however, it can wake up others and cause them a great deal of worry, especially when someone starts giving long speeches. One in two children do sleep-talking .



Each of us spends about one-third of our life asleep. Species of animals with larger brains require a higher percentage of REM sleep compared to NREM sleep, and so does human being with larger hat sizes. 

In general, animals that serve as food for other animals sleep the least.  Conscious animal , the elephants sleep standing up during non-REM sleep, but lie down for REM sleep.

People who are under anesthesia or in a coma are often said to be asleep. However, people in these conditions cannot be awakened and do not produce the complex, active brain wave patterns seen in normal sleep. Instead, their brain waves are very slow and weak, sometimes all but undetectable.

REM sleep as the state of an active, hallucinating brain in a paralyzed body . Everyone dreams in color. It’s just that the memory of color fades quickly. Dreams are nature's way of enhancing the life experience. After seeing movie Avatar in 3D , it will be very difficult to see the same thing acted out by real men, within the limits of human might.

The EOG is a vital tool for identifying REM sleep since the EEG in REM, wake and stage look so similar. But, when we combine the EEG and EOG it is easy to see the differences. 

The Electromyogram (EMG) is used to measure the muscle activity that occurs during sleep, and is particularly helpful when attempting to identify REM sleep.  During REM sleep, humans experience a type of temporary paralysis during which the EMG drops to almost nothing (close to a flat line).

When our brains enter REM sleep they stop emitting neurotransmitter chemicals necessary for memory. That is why we cannot remember our dreams. Memories are stored NOT in the cells but in the overall pattern of electrical signals firing between cells. 

Tunnels are like how rainwater tends to flow through channels that have already been etched in the earth.  Key portions of our brains do not distinguish between dream and reality.  To keep us from harming ourselves a safety switch deep in our brain stream largely shuts off our muscular system during REM sleep effectively paralyzing us.

The nervous system stores the info it receives in the form of memories. The most common irreversible dementia is Alzheimer disease. This condition begins with memory loss, which may first appear to be simple absentmindedness or forgetfulness. 



As dementia progresses, the loss of memory broadens in scope until the individual can no longer remember basic social and survival skills or function independently.  Thousands of fresh brain cells are born every day.  As you continue stimulating your mind to grow, your brain will continue creating new connections among its billions of cells.

A sage does not dream, because he has no polarity. He’s just a witness.-- Ramana Maharshi.

When you become a witness in your life, life becomes absolutely simple. . You cannot call it waking, because this witness never sleeps; you cannot call it dreaming, because for this witness no dream ever appears; you cannot call it sleep, because this witness never sleeps. It is eternal awareness, this is Nirvana or enlightenment.

Four stages of consciousness : consciousness plus thinking is waking,  consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming,  unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.

Finally, the semi-circle symbolizes Maya and separates the dot from the other three curves. It is the illusion of Maya that prevents us from the realization of this highest state of bliss. The semi-circle is open at the top and does not touch the dot. This means that this highest state is not affected by Maya. Maya only affects the manifested phenomenon. 

In Turiya thoughts subside and one becomes increasingly more awake; the mind settles down and consciousness itself becomes primary.  Mediators describe this as pure consciousness or unbounded awareness. One sees the entire world and all things within it as part of oneself, and oneself part of all.

Turiya  is a state of transcendence, the result of arduous meditation.  There can be no consciousness without passage through intense pain. The Upanishads equates this experience with enlightenment.

We ordinary people lack contact with our fourth state of consciousness, and so we fail to live up to our potential as human beings.

This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity this highest state is not affected by Maya The Waker, The Dreamer, The Deep Sleeper and The Observer.  Turiya is freedom from the limitation of the other states . You experience detachment and joy .  Turiya Consciousness  is the ultimate goal of spirituality for here you know what freedom is all about. 



The dot, point, or bindu of OM symbol represents the fourth state, the absolute consciousness, which encompasses, permeates, and is the other three—this is Turiya. (Silence after A, U, and M of OM Mantra)  .
TURIYA means “consciousness minus thinking” . It represents consciousness free from material influence or supreme consciousness . In Turiya there is the absolute awareness . It is the experience of ultimate reality and truth. 

In Turiya, the self does not think, feel, or do, but rather observes thought, emotion, and action capable of truly understanding the totality of the universe. Turiya has no limits and no endpoint. It is infinitely transcendent, which means its potential is forever expanding.  

You are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth.. Reality and truth become more clearly defined, allowing you to perceive that which lies above, below, and beyond the human experience.



The Theta state is at the border between the conscious and subconscious world.  Theta allows you to dip into the subconscious mind--which the waking mind cannot, and obtain terrific visualization.  Theta brain frequencies are between 3 Hz to 7 Hz.  

In this state where your body is almost asleep while your mind is awake , you get focused concentration, lucid visualisation, insightful inspirational thoughts , terrific intuition, recall of emotions, and a feeling of universal oneness--basically engaging at the cellular and DNA level, tapping into the greater intelligence and divinity for the eureka moment. In short you are in a waking dream. 

It is the gateway to learning as ideas come effortlessly. There are no fearful thoughts to argue against. There is NO inner opposition or hypocrisy.

Ancient Vedic yogis were mostly in their theta state , which is associated with the opening of the etheric third eye. The guilty without emotional freedom can gate crash into Theta state by using binaural beats . 



Keep away from mind altering drugs, for easy access to the subconscious mind. Theta waves are dominant when your mind is focusing internally--and you can recall long forgotten memories. Problem solving and memorising becomes easier.

When in deep REM sleep the brain is most active because it starts to dream and the ability to hi-jack this signal is not science fiction anymore, it is already being done, as a part of covert mind control for warfare. HAARP in addition to disrupting your REM sleep is also involved in environmental vandalism.

Schumann's resonance of 7.83 hertz forms a natural feedback loop with the human mind/body. The human brain and body developed in the biosphere, the EM environment conditioned by this cyclic pulse. Conversely, this pulse acts as a "driver" of our brains and can also potentially carry information. 

Functional processes may be altered and new patterns of behaviour facilitated through the brain's web of inhibitory and excitatory feedback networks. Functional processes may be altered and new patterns of behaviour facilitated through the brain's web of inhibitory and excitatory feedback networks.



In the fightening "Mindsnapper" or psychotronic mode, Scalar howitzers affect the electromagnetic mind-body connection. Being mind-snapped at a low level would cause you to lose consciousness. 

Being mind-snapped at a slightly higher power would "entrain" all minds in the target area into a kind of hypnogogic trance, a state in which they would all be highly susceptible to suggestions and orders. 

Being mind-snapped at high level would so disrupt the mind-body connection that everyone in the target area would fall down, instantly dead. Not only that, everything around you and inside you would be killed, so that your sterilized body would not rot for quite a long time.  

Set in the "high intensity pulse mode," one blast and a person's nervous system is destroyed instantly.. It's the peak power that's important, not the average power. Every living cell in the body is killed instantly, including all bacteria, germs, etc.

With scalar EM pulse, the personnel die instantly. All electronic systems of the tank are dudded. Total systems kill is achieved.
  
The scalar electromagnetics revolution has made all previous forms of warfare nearly obsolete. scalar EM beams will easily penetrate the earth or the ocean. Camouflage, cover, and concealment have no effect on such a system. One can easily look inside buildings and into underground facilities.

The seemingly magical operations of psychoenergetics, sometimes called "psychotronics," cannot be achieved with ordinary transverse EM wave energy.  But they are possible with longitudinal scalar waves because the mind itself is scalar in nature. 



The mind is a very special kind of electromagnetic system, existing in the time domain... The engineering of the mind can only be accomplished with the waves of time.

The collective unconscious is becoming engineerable, "ant world," making us drones (slaves) to the whims of the scalar engineers.



These scalar military engineers have been teasing and scorning the whole world for 4 decades by crop circles.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
RAMANA MAHARSHI OF ARUNACHALA , THE LAST OF THE SEERS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



RAMANA MAHARSHI OF ARUNACHALA , THE LAST OF THE SEERS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL








Swami Chinmayananda , the great Indian spiritual leader , was once asked how he became a swami.



He said –

QUOTE   

Soon after my high school final exams were over, I embarked on a tour of South India with a package tour railway ticket.  

When the steam train passed the Tiruvannamalai Temple most of my fellow travellers in the compartment, bowed towards it with great reverence and talk in the carriage turned to the personage of Ramana Maharshi. 

Although at that time in his I was a  "a convinced atheist", the word Maharshi conjured up in my mind  ancient forest retreats and glowing superhuman divine beings and I became intrigued enough to take the next available train to Tiruvannamalai to see the Rishi.

At the Ashram I was told that the Maharshi was in the hall and anybody was free to walk in and see him. As I entered, I saw on the couch an elderly man, wearing but a loincloth, reclining against a round bolster. 

I sat down at the very foot of the couch. The Maharshi suddenly opened his eyes and looked straight into mine: I looked into his. A mere look, that was all. I felt that the Maharshi was, in that split moment, looking deep into me – and I was sure that he saw all my shallowness, confusions, faithlessness, imperfections, and fears. 

I cannot explain what happened in that one split moment. I felt opened, cleaned, healed, and emptied! A whirl of confusions: my atheism dropping away, but scepticism flooding in to question, wonder, and search. My reason gave me strength and I said to myself, ‘It is all mesmerism, my own foolishness.’ Thus assuring myself, I got up and walked away. 

But the boy who left the hall was not the boy who had gone in some ten minutes before. After my college days, my political work, and after my years of stay at Uttarkashi at the feet of my master, Tapovanam I knew that what I gained on the Ganges banks was that which had been given to me years before by the saint of Tiruvannamalai on that hot summer day – 

-- by a mere look. ( Somerset Maugham who wrote the Razor's edge is too DAFT to talk about this , as he would NOT even know what a changing human aura is  ) 

UNQUOTE 



Check out the video below, and you can see that Sigmund Freud would have done well to listen to this.





Arunachala refers to the holy hill at Thiruvannamalai in Tamil Nadu.  The hill is also known by the names Arunagiri, Annamalai Hill or Arunachalam.

It is one of the five main shaivite holy places in South India.  The Arunachaleswara temple, a temple of Lord Shiva is located at the base of the hill.  Every year in the Tamil month of Karthigai (October–November), the Karthigai Deepam (Light) is lit atop the hill.

It is also an important place for devotees of Sri Ramana Maharshi, with Sri Ramana Ashram situated at its foothills.

Every year, on the tenth day of the celebration of Karthikai, devotees take embers in pots from the sacred fire lit in the Arunachaleswara temple and carry them to the top of Arunachala, along with cloth wicks. An enormous cauldron is placed on the highest of Arunachala's five peaks and filled with hundreds of gallons of ghee mixed with camphor.  

At precisely six o'clock, as the sun sets and the full moon rises, lights are lit on the top of the Hill, on a flagstaff in the temple, and at Sri Ramanasramam, accompanied by chants of Arunachala Siva by the vast crowds. 

The fire on top of Arunachala can be seen for miles around. Sri Ramana Maharshi described the meaning of this event in this way:  “ To turn the intellect inwards and have it fixed in the Heart, thereby merging it with the indweller of the Heart”





Carl Gustav Jung said this of  Ramana Maharshi:-- “ Sri Ramana is a true son of the Indian earth. He is genuine and, in addition to that, something quite phenomenal. In India he is the whitest spot in a white space. What we find in the life and teachings of Sri Ramana is the purest of India; with its breath of world-liberated and liberating humanity, it is a chant of millenniums...”



Here is a piece of advise to Jung. 



Western psychology has not asked a basic question -- who am I? ( Nan Yar ? like Ramana Maharshi ) -- because that question will destroy the false ego.  And to ask that question means you are entering into the world of meditation, and meditation in other words is a state of no-mind.






Ramana Maharshi is responsible for the renaissance of Adi Shankaracharya’s, four millineums old Advaita movement – at one of the darkest times of humanity, totally hijacked and vitriol blinded by big brother ( of the banking cartel cum British East India Company ),  who home grew their own psychoanalysts and John Galts .

He walked this planet with the brilliant light that was needed to restore the  Sanatana Dharma of truth and righteousness.

Ramana Maharshi’s simple method of self enquiry and self surrender did away with all the confusing spiritual practices and bizarre Western theories which have muddled the path to enlightenment for hundreds of years.

Psychoanalysts Sigmund Freud and Carl Jung , who wrote volumes about ego without a dang clue, must know that only meditation can help them discover something beyond  mind. It is impossible to dip out of Vedic philosophy otherwise, the way they did .

The ego exists between the mind and the body.  It is a false creation. The self exists not between body and mind,  but beyond mind.  And to reach to the self you have to learn the ways how the mind can be silenced, so its constant chattering is not there.  Because the real self is absolute silence.

Meditation is a state of no-mind. And big brother’s pet psychoanalysts have worked overtime to deny any such state as no-mind .  They have tried to bury the 11000 year long history of the Indian Vedic seers. The whole of western psychology is just a bullshit one century old pseudo science, born out of big brother’s vested compulsions .  

The greatest psychoanalyst in the west is still prone to the same kind of sicknesses as any ordinary man, to the same schizophrenia. As far as his expertise is concerned he is well- trained, but as far as his humanity is concerned, he is just as ordinary as anybody else.

There is no transformation in him nor can he create one.  Has any western psychoanalyst ever shown a bit of calm or certainty or authority or bliss , ever ?  Other than big brother’s monopolized books and media , whoever prints them or reads them?

Every psychoanalyst has been afraid to talk with a Indian mystic. For they will be soon totally exposed. 

When Carl Gustav Jung came to India he went to see the Taj Mahal,  and the sex temples of Khajuraho though everybody kept reminding him and asking him, when he will visit Ramana Maharshi. 


Do you require 3 months to see the dang Taj Mahal?  



PRAY?  PRITHEE !!

You guessed it right!  

Our man Jung was foraging and scrounging around for Indian philosophical thought on the quiet in the major Indian libraries.   Unlike Jew Sigmund Freud who had a special rapport with Jewish Big Brother, where he got all ZE masala back home itself..

The meeting never took place. 

For to curious western onlookers , who would have covered this public event, it would have been like the tiny stone gaping at a huge majestic mountain.

The western authors kept needling him "You being one of the topmost psychoanalysts in the west, you should not miss this golden opportunity of meeting an eastern mystic who has come to his full flowering."

He was in the state of Tamil Nadu and , within two hours distance he could have reached Ramana Maharshi.  For three months he was in India, but he avoided Ramana Maharshi like the plague .

This was pure nonsense.  



One western thinker gave him egg on his face  “ The west don’t need to follow Ramana Maharshi, who himself says every time , that you don’t have to follow him or use his methods .  The real reason is that all your psychoanalysis and philosophy is weak and fragile and you are afraid to meet this uneducated man who ran away to be a saint at the age of 16“



The western psychoanalyst is afraid of meeting an eastern sage , because shallow western philosophy , other than what is lifted from the ancient Vedic thought and stitched together in a clumsy manner , is based on shifting sands , and has no foundation.  


Or perhaps our man Carl Jung was trying to convey a superiority complex as an evolved human in a natty three piece suit , while Ramana Maharishi just wore a strip of cloth to cover his loins?  



The Indian civilization put down their lofty philosophical thoughts in the Vedas and Upanishads as early as 5000 BC, when the west were doing grunt grunt for language. The Indians had lived all its glories that the west thinks it is attaining now 7000 year ago.  

Look at our literature,  sculptures, music, poetry.  Could Jung ever think that the ancient Indian people who had such creativity could be looked down upon just like that –just because after 800 years of slavery the entire glory got hijacked, in as much as the white blonde blue eyed man called himself an Aryan and claimed that he wore our Vedas? 



See Sigmund Freud's shallow thought above-- TEE HEEEE !!

George Bush also had such PROFOUND thoughts.




In 1995, Rice University Professor of Philosophy and Religious Studies , Jeffrey John Kripal's book,  Kali’s Child: The Mystical and the Erotic in the Life and Teachings of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa was released, a highly controversial psychoanalytic study of Ramakrishna.  



It won great acclaim among white Christians and Jews and secured the American Academy of Religion's Best First Book in the History of Religions Prize in 1996.   

Jeffrey portrayed , Swami Vivekananda's guru, Ramakrishna Paramahamsa as a she-male, cross dresser, gay and a pedophile .   


So much for  Freudian psychoanalysis of Eastern spirituality. These are the type of immoral rogues who secure Nobel prizes!!


Hindu mysticism is not about only intellectual understanding and splitting hairs in a way nobody will understand , and hence ask no questions , but is based on transformation of the man himself.  

The whole personality of the western psychoanalyst is not involved in his work, only his education. No Indian sage will ever commit suicide like western psychoanalysts. 

There is a big difference between the teacher and the pupil. The psychoanalyst is NOT even a teacher. He pretends to know everything about the mind, but the poor guy does not know how to change his own mind, leave alone the pupil's.







What does a psychoanalyst do?  He makes the patient lie down on a couch , three times a week, and tells them to talk about their dreams and themselves. What can he extract out of this session other than money for himself.  None of them even knew what REM sleep is all about. The eastern mystic does NOT charge fees and hence he cares.


Venkatraman  Iyer later called Ramana Maharshi  was born on Dec 30, 1879 at Thiruchuzhi near Sivakasi, south of Madurai, India. 

He was friendly and open-minded by nature and was loved by everyone in the village. He was a lively boy who liked to play pranks, more interested in sports like wrestling , soccer and atheletics than studies. He was stronger than the rest and he would win easily.

He attended the local vernacular primary school in Tiruchuli for three years before going to the English medium secondary school in Dindigul when he was eleven.

His family was aware of an old family legend, about how a Hindu ascetic came to the house begging for food, but, against all Hindu tradition, he was not treated with the proper respect and was not given a meal. The ascetic promptly issued a curse, stating that henceforth one member of each generation of the family would wander about begging as an ascetic like himself.  

This ‘curse’ had its effect, because in each generation one member renounced worldly life to become a wandering ascetic.  Sundaram Iyer was Venkatramana’s father .  One Sundaram Iyer’s uncles on his father’s side had taken the saffron robe, the staff and the lota of a sannyasin and had left to live life as a wandering renunciant .  

His own elder brother Venkatesa also disappeared from the village one fine day, no doubt to embark upon the same path.  He  was never heard of again and since that time Sundaram had been the head of the joint family.  There are no indications that Sundaram Iyer ever thought that one of his sons would one day also leave home.  

And no doubt the thought never crossed the mind of the young Ramana either. 



He did not study Sanskrit or the sacred traditions of Hinduism such as the Vedas or the Upanishads. In both the missionary run schools he attended he was taught Christianity,  but Hindu boys generally showed little interest in such bible classes – and Ramana was no exception in this respect.

Although he was very much like  any other boy, he did have one peculiar trait. His sleep used to be exceptionally deep and most of the time he had to be beaten awake.

One day he had failed to study properly some lesson on  English grammar. As punishment for this , the English teacher gave him a punishment of copying out the lesson three times. When he came to the third copy his mind revolted against this soulless mechanical exercise.  He pushed the work aside, sat upright in yoga posture, closed  his eyes and started to meditate.  His elder brother Nagaswami,  who had been watching him all the time, cried out ill-temperedly, “Why should one, who behaves thus, retain all this?”  

The shot went home.

So, in I896 this sixteen-year-old schoolboy quietly walked out on his family and, driven by an inner compulsion,  slowly made his determined way to Arunachala, a holy mountain and pilgrimage centre in Tamil Nadu , South India.

His parting letter which he left behind for his mother and brothers read, “I have, in search of my Father and in obedience to his command, started from here. This is only for embarking on a virtuous enterprise. therefore none need grieve over this affair.  To trace THIS out, no money need be spent.  Your college fee has not yet been paid.  Rupees two are enclosed herewith”

The letter changes from the personal “I” to the impersonal “THIS” and ends with a long line instead of a signature.

From this day on he never signed with his name again.

When he was asked later why he did not sign his letter, he answered, “There was nothing deliberate or conscious about  it. Simply that the ego did not rise up to sign it.”

So, at around twelve noon on this fateful Saturday, Ramana left his family and Madurai and set off to take the train to Tiruvannamalai which was approximately 250 miles away.

He was never to return.

On the way he sold his  gold earrings set with rubies (such earrings are worn by Brahmins) for a song , to eat food and to buy a train ticket . He arrived at Tiruvannamalai railway station from where he foot slogged to the holy mountain of Arunachala.

He was to remain there for the rest of his life.

The famous Arunachaleswara temple at the foot of the hill is one of the largest temple complexes in Southern India.  The temple is 3000 years old, but the current imposing structure dates back to the early Chola dynasty ( 871-953 AD).  Inside the temple compound there are numerous shrines to various gods. The impressive hall has exactly 1,000 richly decorated pillars,  numerous open pillared halls ,  gardens,  inner courtyards and two temple ponds. 

Overflowing with joy he hastened to this temple at the foot of Arunachala mountain , walked straight to the inner shrine hugged the lingam with hot tears flowing ,  and stayed there some time in the ecstasy of complete surrender.

He then left the inner temple compound and threw a packet of sweets , which he had , into the Ayyankulam temple tank.  A man saw him do this and approached him and asked if he would like to have his tuft of hair removed. Ramana agreed. One of the barbers who practised his trade at the Ayyankulam tank, cut off his beautiful black locks and shaved  his head. 



He gave the barber some money and threw the rest of the 3 rupees eight annas away. Then he tore up the white cotton dhoti he was wearing and kept only one small piece as a loincloth.  A loincloth (konam) would be his only clothing from now until the end of his life.

Cutting off the tuft of hair, which orthodox Iyer Brahmins  have on the back of their heads as a sign of their caste, and shaving the head are signs of renunciation.  From this day on he never touched money again and never had any possessions. Finally, he removed his Brahmin poonulu thread, the sign of his high caste status.
He then abandoned himself to a newly-discovered awareness that his real nature was formless, immanent consciousness. 

His absorption in this awareness was so intense that he was completely oblivious of his body and the world.  
Ramana had first settled down in the thousand-pillared hall in the temple compound, which is on the right when entering the temple through the eastern tower. The hall, with its thousand richly carved stone pillars, is a raised stone platform, open on all sides.

Exposed to the gaze of the general public in a  place of pilgrimage the strange youth soon roused the curiosity of the pilgrims. Street urchins started to pester him.  No doubt they felt provoked by a youth sitting motionless like a statue . They started taking verbal potshots at him in sarcasm.  

One day, while Ramana was sitting absorbed in meditation in the thousand-pillared hall, he was pelted with a stone from behind,  rudely disturbing him.  In order to escape such troubles in future, he decided to withdraw to a dark windowless underground vault under the thousand-pillared hall, known as the Patala Lingam.  The urchins would not dare to come in because of the extreme darkness that prevailed in the pit called Patala or hell.



There was a Shiva lingam,  behind which he sat down, leaning his back against the wall.  The cellar was never used or visited and therefore never cleaned.  No ray of sunlight ever  penetrated here. It was also damp and overrun with vermin and mosquitoes.

Young Ramana sat unmoved in yoga posture with legs crossed, impervious to the world and the mosquitoes which fed on his blood.  Insects and rodents chewed away portions of his legs, his body wasted away because he was rarely conscious enough to eat and his hair and fingernails grew to unmanageable lengths. His thighs, where they met the ground, were soon covered with sores and ulcers, from which blood and pus oozed.

These scars were to remain visible till he died.



A pious woman named Ratnammal found him there, and used to give him something to drink and eat. She laid a clean piece of cloth beside him and bade him to use it as a bed or to sit on to keep at least some of the vermin away, but he took no notice and did not even touch it.

Ramana neither spoke nor moved. People who saw him like  this thought he was practising a severe tapasya. Because he was silent, though that he had taken a maun vrit.

But for Ramana this was no spiritual exercise at all, it was merely something that happened to him ( Kundalini raising from the wrong pingala nadi ). In his own words  “I have never done any sadhana.  I did not even know what sadhana was.  Only long afterwards I came to know what  sadhana was and how many different kinds of it there were.  Only if there  was a goal to attain, I should have made sadhana to attain that goal. There was nothing which I wanted to obtain.  I am now sitting with  my eyes open. I was then sitting with my eyes closed. That was all  the difference.  I was not doing any sadhana even then.  As I sat with  my eyes closed, people said I was in samadhi.  As I was not talking,  they said I was in mauna.  The fact is, I did nothing.  Some Higher  Power took hold of me and I was entirely in Its hand.”



Ramana was in this dark pit for a couple of months . One Venkatachala Mudali, a visitor to the temple, finally brought him out of there, being told of a boy meditating  in the dark pit.

Venkatachala Mudali reports, “One day, going near the thousand-pillared hall, I found a group of Muslim boys,  hurling stones in the direction of the pit entrance.  Enraged at the sight I broke a branched from a shrub , seized a twig, and ran towards the  young scamps who fled promptly.  Proceeding inside the dark vault , I could make out nothing for a while, as I was coming from the glare into the darkness.  In a few minutes, the faint outlines of a young face became discernible in that pit.  

Somewhat frightened, I ran out to the adjoining flower-garden where a  sadhu was working with his disciples. Mentioning the facts to them I took some of them with me. Even then the youthful figure sat motionless and with closed eyes, despite the noise of our footsteps. Then we lifted the Swami from the pit full of mosquitoes , carried him from the hall up a flight of steps and deposited him in front of a shrine of Subrahmanya. The Swami still remained unconscious, his eyes closed; evidently he was in deep samadhi.

We noted the large number of open sores caused by rodent bites on the nether side of his thighs and legs, with blood and pus flowing from some of them, and  wondered how any one could remain unconscious of the body amidst such torture. Regarding it as irreverence, nay impertinence,  to make any further noise in such presence, we bowed and came away.”



At the shrine of Subrahmanya there lived a Mauni Yogi and a group of mendicant ascetics, who had settled down in the nearby garden.  Sri Ramana was cared for occasionally but not regularly. At noon each day the Yogi used to bring him a glass of milk collected from a stone basin after the sacrifice to the statue of Goddess Uma. This was no pure milk, but a murky mixture of various food offerings - milk, water and sugar mixed with turmeric powder, raw and ripe pieces of plantains and other sacrificial remains, which the priest had poured over the devotional image. Indifferently Ramana swallowed it all.

During this time any food had still to be put into his mouth, as he would not eat what was merely placed in front of him. Without the care of others the Swami would  probably not have survived for long.

He also often did  not know whether it was day or night. Ramana recall “When I closed my eyes, deeply absorbed in meditation I hardly knew whether it was day or night. If at any time I opened my eyes I used to wonder whether it was night or day. I had no food and no sleep. … If there is no movement, you do not need sleep. Very little food is enough to sustain life. That used to be my experience. Somebody or other used to offer me a tumblerful of some liquid diet whenever I opened my eyes. That was all.”



Some people, who saw the young ascetic sitting motionless like that thought, “He is sitting like a Jada (dull-witted person),  he must be a mad fellow.” Ramana later said that he found such remarks amusing.
He had discarded his konam because of the sores and was sitting nude those days. 



 Ramana recounts “ After I had been nude for about a month, this old Gurukkal told me one day, ‘Boy, the Kartikai Deepam is approaching. People from all the 24 districts will be flocking here. Police from all the districts will also be here. They will arrest you and put you into jail if you  are nude like this. So you must have a cod-piece.’ So saying, he got Ramana a new piece of cloth, made four people lift me up and tied a konam around me.”




Above: Virupaksha Cave where  Ramana Maharshi meditated  for 17 years from 1899 to 1916. The Virupaksha Cave is quite large and is about 330 feet above the Arunachaleswara temple on the south-eastern slope of the mountain. The inner part of the cave contains the remnants of the Saint Virupakshadeva, who performed severe acts of penance there in the 13th century


At the following Kartikai festival Sri Ramana’s first disciple, Uddandi Nayinar,  arrived and became a permanent companion.  He had a bullock cart which he used to transport people and goods from one town to another.  Like so many other pilgrims he too had come to Tiruvannamalai for the Kartikai festival and saw the young Swami sitting under the Illupai tree absorbed in deep samadhi.  In search of Self Realization and peace of mind he recognized in the young swami the living embodiment of the holy scriptures and said to himself, “Here indeed is realization and peace, and here must I seek it” 



From then on he did not leave Ramana’s  side. He took care of his bodily needs and prevented him from being disturbed or bothered.  He settled down at a short distance from him, observed the crowds of visitors for hours at a time and drove away the urchins who found it amusing to cause trouble for the young ascetic.  He also cooked simple meals, which he shared with him.

Uddandi was a learned man.  In Sri Ramana’s presence he recited sacred Yoga and Vedanta texts such as Yoga Vasistha and Kaivalya Navaneeta.  He longed to hear some words of instruction from his new guru, which would help him on the way to self realization and help him find peace, but the swami kept silent and he, in his turn, did not dare to speak to him.

After two or three years in this state he began a slow return to physical normality,  a process that was not finally completed for several years. 

After his enlightenment at age 17 he led a simple life on the sacred Hill Arunachala, in Southern India, for over 50 years, until his death in 1950.



People whose Kundalini rises from the wrong nadi,  ( Pingala rather than the correct Sushumna ) undergo this type of terrible pain and ordeal.  

Punch into Google search AWAKENING AND RAISING KUNDALINI  VADAKAYIL.

One day one of his devotees named Tambiran due to his  excessive veneration,  was making preparations to do render homage to his new guru,  like to one of the idols of the  gods in the temple (abhishekam).  He obtained flowers, oil, sandal paste, milk and other ingredients and actually wanted to pour this over the head of his “living god”.  

Ramana was filthy, his hair had grown very long and had become a dishevelled and matted mass and his fingernails had grown so long and crooked, that he was unable to use his hands for any useful purpose.

To prevent this, Ramana took a piece of charcoal and the next day, before Tambiran  arrived, wrote on the wall in Tamil, “ This [food] alone is the service [needed] for this [body].”   Only then people came to know that this silent drifter was educated and able to read and write. And that made people even more curious.

Amongst the admirers who had started to visit Ramana regularly,  was a highly-placed official called Venkataramana Iyer. When he realized that the Swami was able to write, he told Ramana that unless he tells him where he isfrom, he wont go to attent office or even eat even if it means that he may be dismissed from his job. 

This moved the young Swami and he wrote down the words on the wall with charcoal , “Venkataraman, Tiruchuli”. This would help his mother and brother to meet him later.

One day his devotees got together , and forcibly gave him a bath, cut off his matted locks and cut his long nails.  As long as he was dirty and disheveled people were afraid to touch him. So now the devotees built a  bamboo fence around him for his protection.    

Ramana recalls “ When my head was shaven clean, I began to wonder whether I had a head or not, it felt so light. I shook my head this way and that to assure myself that it was there. That showed the amount of burden I had been carrying on my head.”



Ramana owed a lot to a Malayali from Kerala by the name of Palaniswami. He was at least  20 years older than  Ramana.  He was a Ganesha devotee . One day someone told him “What is the use of spending your  lifetime with this stone ? There is a young Swami in flesh and blood at Gurumurtam. He is steeped in austerities (tapas) like the youthful Dhruva mentioned in the puranas. If you go and serve him, and adhere to him, your life would serve its purpose.”  

Others also drew his attention to the fact that the Swami was without a personal attendant at the time and that it would be a blessing to serve such a great liberated soul.  Spurred on in this way Palaniswami went to Gurumurtam.  When he saw the young Swami, he recognized that he had found his master.  He became a devoted companion of Sri Ramana following him everywhere like a  shadow. 

If he had to leave he used to lock the door at Gurumurtam, so that nobody could pester the Swami while he was away, and he would always return as  quickly as he could. Nobody was allowed to see Ramana without his permission. He would accept the various food offerings from visitors, mix them up into a paste and at noon give Ramana a cupful of it to eat. The rest he gave back as  prasad to the visitors. 

Some time in May 1898, after a little over one year spent at Gurumurtam, Ramana and Palaniswami moved to the adjoining mango grove. Ramana remembers, “Under a mango tree they erected something overhead to prevent rain from falling on me. There was, however, not enough space under it even to stretch my legs fully while sleeping. So I used to sit almost all the time like a bird in its nest. Opposite my shelter Palaniswami also had a small shed. In the huge garden, only two of us used to stay.”  



Palaniswami, who had access to a library in town, brought back a number of books in Tamil on Vedanta, such as Kaivalya Navaneeta, Yoga Vasistha and Shankaras Vivekachudamani.  Ramana read each of the books, immediately grasped the meaning, remembered everything and imparted the essence of it to Palaniswami.  

Palaniswami would die in Maharshi Ramana’s arms. Ramana placed on hand on his spiritual heart ( right side of chest ) and one on the left side of his head when he was dying, to make him Jivan Mulkt.  But after he removed his hands Palaniswami opened his eyes and then died -- and hence it was not a success.  He would always regret this incident.

Ramana would do the same thing to him own mother much later.  He was able to liberate her from the endless cycle of births and hence she was buried in a meditative pose – NOT cremated as is Hindu custom.



Above picture-- A Hindu saint being buried ( NOT cremated ). Camphor and salt is used.  Such a body of a Buddhist Sri Lankan saint was stolen and this is what is being touted as the body of Francis Xavier.  

Punch into google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER VADAKAYIL

At a funeral Ramana’s uncle heard the news and he came to visit him, and take him back home .  He tried talking to him , but Ramana would not talk or even show a sign of recognition.  The uncle finally had no alternative but to give up.

In Dec 1898 his mother Alagammal came to visit him for the first time, accompanied by his eldest brother Nagaswami.  Ramana would not talk to them. Bitterly she complained about his neglected bodily condition and implored him to come home with her, but he did not react.  Day after day they came up to see him, brought him sweets and entreated him tirelessly, but all to no avail. Ramana remained silent.  

Alagammal tried everything.  One day when she broke down in tears, he was unable to bear it any longer and simply went away. Once she despairingly turned to the others present and asked for their support.  Then one of them said to Ramana, “Your mother is weeping and praying. Why do you not answer her?  Whether it is ‘yes’ or ‘no’, why not give her a reply?  Swami need not break his vow of silence.  Here is pencil and paper. Swami may at least write out what he has to say.”

So Ramana wrote down, “The Ordainer controls the fate of souls in accordance with their past deeds – their prarabdhakarma. Whatever is destined not to happen will not happen, - try how hard you may. Whatever is destined to happen will happen, do what you may to stop it. This is certain. The best course, therefore, is for one to be silent.”



Whether this message convinced his deeply religious mother or not, there was nothing left for her to do but to leave him to the life he had embarked upon. Furthermore Nagaswami’s holidays were coming to an end and he had to return to his office for work . Without having achieved what they had set out to achieve and with a heavy  heart, they returned to Manamadurai.



Gradually more followers came to live with Ramana and Palaniswami. When Ramana’s mother  joined the community in 1916 she instigated regular housekeeping chores and regular cooking. But Ramana made it clear in several remarks that he preferred the simplicity of the years when they lived from hand to mouth.
Ganapati Sastri, also called Ganapati Muni – Muni means the wise, the scholar, the saint – was the most famous and erudite of Sri Ramana’s disciples.  He was a Telugu Brahmin.  

One day he asked Ramana “ Pray enlighten me about the nature of tapas.”

For 15 minutes the Swami kept silent and looked at Ganapati, who sat at his feet full of expectation. Then he answered, “If one watches whence this notion of ‘I’ springs, the mind will be absorbed into that. That is tapas. If a mantra is repeated, and attention directed to the source whence the mantra-sound is produced, the mind will be absorbed in that. That is tapas.”

This was the first time that Sri Ramana gave a verbal answer to a question.

Until then he had kept silent and had always written the answers down. For Ganapati Muni this was a real revelation. His heart was filled with ecstatic joy and he meditated at the feet of his new master until the evening. 

The following day Ganapati Muni wrote full of enthusiasm to his family and his disciples, “I have found my Master, my Guru. He is the Sage of Arunachala known as Brahmanaswami. He is no ordinary Swami. He is a great Seer, a mighty spiritual personality. To me and to you all he is Bhagavan Sri Ramana Maharshi [elevated great Seer Ramana]. Let the whole world know him as such.”

From that moment on the Swami became known as the Maharshi Bhagavan. Ganapati Muni and his followers made Sri Ramana known to a wide circle in India.

The Englishman Frank H. Humphreys was the first western disciple who came to Ramana, in January 1911. He reports about his visit, “For half an hour I looked Him in the eyes which never changed their expression of deep contemplation. I began to realize somewhat that the body is the Temple of the Holy Ghost – I could only feel His body was not the man, it was the instrument of God, merely a sitting motionless corpse from which God was radiating terrifically. My own sensations were indescribable.”

Ramana became relatively well known in and out of India after 1934 when Paul Brunton, having first visited Ramana in January 1931, published the book A Search in Secret India. In this book he described his meeting with Ramana Maharshi, and the effect this meeting had on him. Brunton also describes how Ramana's fame had spread, "so that pilgrims to the temple were often induced to go up the hill and see him before they returned home", and the talks Ramana had with a great variety of visitors and devotees.


Brunton calls Ramana "one of the last of India's spiritual supermen", and describes his affection toward Ramana:--
“ I like him greatly because he is so simple and modest, when an atmosphere of authentic greatness lies so palpably around him; because he makes no claims to occult powers and hierophantic knowledge to impress the mystery loving nature of his countrymen; and because he is so totally without any traces of pretension that he strongly resists every effort to canonize him during his lifetime”

While staying at Sri Ramanasramam, Brunton had an experience of a "sublimely all-embracing" awareness, a "Moment of Illumination".

The book was a bestseller, and introduced Ramana Maharshi to a wider audience in the west. 

Till his death in 1950 Ramana lived in Sri Ramanashramam, the ashram that developed around the mother's tomb.  Ramana often walked from Skandashram to mother's tomb. In December 1922 he didn't return to Skandashram, and settled at the base of the Hill, and Sri Ramanasramam started to develop.  



In November 1948, a tiny cancerous lump was found on Ramana's arm and was removed in February 1949 by the ashram's doctor.  Soon, another growth appeared and another operation was done by an eminent surgeon in March 1949 with radium applied. The doctor told Ramana that a complete amputation of the arm to the shoulder was required to save his life, but he refused.  A third and fourth operation were performed in August and December 1949, but only weakened him.  Other systems of medicine were then tried; all proved fruitless and were stopped by the end of March when devotees gave up all hope.  

To devotees who begged him to cure himself for the sake of his followers, Ramana is said to have replied, "Why are you so attached to this body?  Let it go" and "Where can I go?  I am here."



 By April 1950, Ramana was too weak to go to the hall and visiting hours were limited. Visitors would file past the small room where he spent his final days to get one final glimpse.

Henri Cartier-Bresson, the legendary French photographer and master of the "decisive moment", arrived at the ashram in the first week of April 1950, just ten days earlier, as the Maharshi lay terminally ill in his ashram. 

Cartier-Bresson had the knack of being at the right place at the right time.

Henri Cartier-Bresson,  recounted the event:
"It is a most astonishing experience. I was in the open space in front of my house, when my friends drew my attention to the sky, where I saw a vividly-luminous shooting star with a luminous tail, unlike any shooting star I had before seen, coming from the South, moving slowly across the sky and, reaching the top of Arunachala, disappeared behind it. Because of its singularity we all guessed its import and immediately looked at our watches – it was 8:47 – and then raced to the Ashram only to find that our premonition had been only too sadly true: the Master had passed into parinirvana at that very minute." 

Ramana Maharshi was 71 years old at the time of his death.

Cartier-Bresson took some of the last photographs of Ramana on April 4, 1950, and went on to take pictures of the mahasamadhi preparations.




" In his notes, Henri Cartier-Bresson wrote, "The Maharshi was the most accomplished human being I have ever met."

Here in India, where thousands of so-called holy men claim close tune with the infinite, it is said that the most remarkable thing about Ramana Maharshi was that he never claimed anything remarkable for himself, yet became one of the most loved and respected of all.

Objects being touched or used by him were highly valued by his devotees, "as they considered it to be prasad and that it passed on some of the power and blessing of the Guru to them". Also the water which he used to wash his hands was valued. The bathing-water he used became an object for achamaniyam, "sipping drops of water for religious purpose".Sri Ramana strongly discouraged this and constantly reminded people to turn within.

He charged no money, and was adamant that no one ever ask for money (or anything else) in his name;
He never promoted or called attention to himself. Instead, Ramana remained in one place for 54 years, offering spiritual guidance to anyone of any background who came to him, and asking nothing in return.

He considered humility to be the highest quality.

He said the deep sense of peace one felt around a jnani was the surest indicator of their spiritual state, that equality towards all was a true sign of liberation, and that what a true jnani did was always for others, not themselves.

Ramana never promoted any lineage.

His awareness of himself as consciousness was unaffected by this physical transition and it remained continuous and undimmed for the rest of his life.   In Hindu parlance he had `realized the Self',  that is to say, he had realized by direct experience that nothing existed apart from an indivisible and universal consciousness which was experienced in its unmanifest form as beingness or awareness and in its manifest form as the appearance of the universe.

He shared in the communal work and for many years he rose at 3 a.m. in order to prepare food for the residents of the ashram. His sense of equality was legendary. When visitors came to see him - it made no difference whether they were VIPs, peasants or animals - they would all be treated with equal respect and consideration.

His egalitarian concern even extended to the local trees; he discouraged his followers from picking flowers or leaves off them and he tried to ensure that whenever fruit was taken from the ashram trees it was always done in such a way that the tree only suffered a minimum amount of pain. 



Throughout this period ( 1925-50) the centre of ashram life was the small hall where Sri Ramana lived, slept and held court. He spent most of his day sitting in one corner radiating his silent power and simultaneously fielding questions from the constant flow of visitors who descended on him from every corner of the globe. He rarely committed his ideas to paper and so the verbal replies given out during this period (by far the most well documented of his life) represent the largest surviving source of his teachings.

These verbal teachings flowed authoritatively from his direct knowledge that consciousness was the only existing reality. Consequently, all his explanations and instructions were geared to convincing his followers that this was their true and natural state.

Few of his followers were capable of assimilating this truth in its highest and most undiluted form and so he often adapted his teachings to conform to the limited understanding of the people who came to him for advice. Because of this tendency it is possible to distinguish many different levels of his teachings. 



At the highest level that could be expressed in words he would say that consciousness alone exists. If this was received with skepticism he would say that awareness of this truth is obscured by the self-limiting ideas of the mind and that if these ideas were abandoned then the reality of consciousness would be revealed.

Most of his followers found this high-level approach a little too theoretical - they were so immersed in the self-limiting ideas that Sri Ramana was encouraging them to drop that they felt that the truth about consciousness would only be revealed to them if they underwent a long period of spiritual practice.

To satisfy such people Sri Ramana prescribed an innovative method of self-attention which he called self-enquiry.  He recommended this technique so often and so vigorously that it was regarded by many people as the most distinctive motif in his teachings.

Sri Ramana Maharshi, who has opened up the path of advaita Hindusim of Adi Shankaracharya  ( 2000 BC )  to all people,  is one of the most remarkable sages of the modern era.  

He was the last of the great seers. 




Grace and peace!






Prayer to Lord Ganapathi 
Arunachalavarketha Akshara malai chatha,
Karunakara Ganapathiye Karamaruli kaapaye.                                     
Oh merciful Ganapathi , give a hand and help  me,
To make a garland of letters suitable for Lord Arunachala.

Refrain ( this refrain  has to be chanted after each verse)
Arunachala Siva, Arunachala Siva,
Arunachala Siva, Arunachala Siva,
Arunachala Siva, Arunachala Siva,
Arunachala Siva, Arunachala Siva.

Arunachalamena agame ninaippavar,
Agathai aruppai arunachalane.                                              1
Oh Arunachala, cut of the pride in the minds,
Of those who meditate on Arunachala.
Azhagu sundaram pol agavum neeyum uttha
Binnamay iruppom arunachalaa.                                           2
Oh Arunachala , like the words Azhagu in Tamil,
And Sundaram in Sanskrit mean the same beauty,
Let our mind and you be not different and be same.
Agam pugum theerthu , unnaka guhai chirayai,
Amarvithathen kolo arunachalaa.                                          3
Oh Arunachala , why did you enter in my mind,
Drew me,  made me imprisoned in your mind?
Aarum kavenai yandanai yagathidil,
Akhilam pazhithidum arunachalam.                                      4
Oh Arunachala, after  having drawn the useless me,
If you remove me later, the world would find fault with you.
Ippazhi thappunai yeninai pitha ,
Yini yaar viduvaar arunachalam.                                           5
Oh Arunachala , get rid of this bad name,
Oh Mad one, who would leave you now.
Yeendridum annayir peritharul purivo,
Yidhuvo unadharul Aunachala.                                              6
Oh Arunachala  who is kinder than my mother,
This is indeed your great grace.
Unaye mathi odathulathin mel,
Uruthiyayiruppai Arunachala.                                                7
Oh Arunachala, please change yourself,
And sit firmly on my changing mind.
Oor chuthu ulam vidathu unnai tatangida,
Un azhagai kattu Arunachala.                                                 8
Oh Arunachala , show me your beauty,
So that my mind ,which wanders round becomes firm.
Yenai azhithippo yenai kalava vidil,
Ithuvo vanmai Arunachala.                                                      9
Oh Arunachala, Are you man enough , 
So that  you destroy my ego,
And merge me with yourself?
Yen inda urakkam yenai pirar izhukka,
Ithu unakku azhago, Arunachala.                                           10
Oh Arunachala, Is it pretty for you,
To be asleep when others drag me to things bad?
Iympula kalvar agathinir pugum pothu,
Agathu nee ilayo, Arunachala.                                                 11
Oh Arunachala, Are you not within me,
When the thief of five senses enters within me?                   
Oruvanaam unnai olithavar varuvaar,
Un chootheyidhu, Arunachala.                                                 12
Oh Arunachala, If the one who hides you,
Appear before me, it is only your deceit, Oh God
Omgara porul oppu uyar villoy,
Unai yaar arivaar , Arunachala.                                          13
Oh Arunachala, who is great and incomparable,
Who can claim ever  to know you?
Ouai  pol , yenakku un arulai thandu yenai,
Aluvathu un kadan, Arunachala.                                         14
Oh Arunachala, It is your bounden duty,
To control me after giving your grace , just like my mother.
Kannukku kaanai kannindri kanunai,
Kanuvathu yevar paar , Arunachala.                                     15
Oh Arunachala, you watch over  me yourself,
To  help me see you with the eye of the eyes,
When I am  trying to see you with my  eyes.
Kandham irumb pol kavarndu yennai vidamal,
Kalandhu yennodu iruppai , Arunachala.                              16
Oh Arunachala, be always with me ,
Like the magnet attracting a piece of steel,
And be always merge with me   never leaving me.
Giri uruvagiya kirubai kadale,
Krubai koorndu arulvay, Arunachala.                                    17
Oh Arunachala who is the ocean of mercy,
With the looks of a mountain, please bless me with your grace.
Keezh melengum kilar oli mani yen,
Keezhmayayai paaz chey, Arunachala.                                  18
Oh Arunachala , Who shines like a gem,
In the minds of the great as well as the  base ones,
Destroy this quality of baseness within me.
Kutham uthu aruthennai gunamay paninthal,
Guru uruvay olir , Arunachala.                                               19
Oh Arunachala, destroy all the crimes that I have committed,
And make me pure, through the mouth of the teacher.
Koor vaat kanniyar kodumayir padathu arul,
Koorndu  yennai Cherndhu arul, Arunachala.                        20
Oh Arunachala, Be merciful  with me and bless me,
So that I do not fall in the hooks of the bad ones, with sharp swords.
Kenjiyum vanjiyay konjam irangilai,
Anjel yendru arul, Arunachala.                                                21
Oh Arunachala, like a deceiver you have not shown pity on me,
In spite of my begging, Please tell me , not to be afraid.
Kelathu alikkum un kedil pugazhai,
Kedu cheyyathu arul, Arunachala.                                         22
Oh Arunachala, do not spoil your fame,
Of giving without asking , by not giving to me.
Kaiyinir kaniyul mey rasam kondu uvagai,
Veri kola varurl , Arunachala.                                                23
Oh Arunachala, bless me with the exuberance of happiness,
By using the juice of the truth of the fruit in my hand,
Kodiyittu adiyarai kollunai kkatti ,
Kondu engan vazhven, Arunachala.                                       24
Oh Arunachala , how will I Ever live ,
As a slave to you who kills ,
Without killing his devotees?      
Kopamil gunathoy , kuriyay yenai kola,
Kuray yen cheythen, Arunachala.                                           25
Oh Arunachala , who is never angry,
What great did I ever do , to make you,
Choose me to receive your grace?
Kowthamar pothum karunai maa malaye,
Kadai kanithu aalvay, Arunachala.                                          26
Oh Arunachala , who is the mountain of mercy,
Which is being worshipped by sage Gowthama,
Please see me with your side long glance and bless me.
Chakalamum vizhungum kadir oli ina mana,
Salasa malarthi yidu , Arunachala.                                           27
Oh Arunachala , who is the light that swallows all,
Please make the lotus of  my mind open fully.
Chappadu unnai charndhuna vaayaan,
Santhamay pavan Arunachala.                                                 28
Oh Arunachala, when I approached you for food,
You made me your food and made me peaceful.
Chitham kulira kkathir atham vaitha amudha,
Vaayai thira varun mathi, Arunachala.                                 29
Oh Arunachala, with a view to cool my mind,
Open the nectar like mouth of the bud of my mind.
Cheerai azhithu nirvanamai cheythu arut,
Cheerai alitharul, Arunachala.                                               30
Oh Arunachala, Remove the cloth that covers my mind,
Make me nude and again grace me with your cloth of grace.
Chuka kadal ponga chollunar adanga,
Chumma porunthidanga Arunachala.                                    31
Oh Arunachala, to make my mind ebb with pleasure,
And to make my senses under control , you occupy my mind.
Choothu cheydu yenni chothiyadini un 
Jothi uru kkattu , Arunachala.                                                32
Oh Arunachala, from now on, do not test me by deceit,
And show me your form which shines like a flame.
Cheppadi vithai kkathu ippadi mayakku vittu,
Uru ppadu vithai kkattu , Arunachala.                                   33
Oh Arunachala , do not show the magical shows
To make me completely confused,
And show me that which would build me.
Cherayenin mey neera yurugi kkan,
Neeral azhiven , Arunachala.                                                  34
Oh Arunachala, If you do not unite with me,
I would melt like water and be destroyed by tears.
Chaiyena thallin chey vinai chudum amala,
Uy vagai yethu urai, Arunachala.                                            35
Oh Arunachala , if you push me away with disdain,
Oh pure one , my actions would burn me,
And so tell me how should I live and win.
Chollathu cholli nee , chollara nillendru,
Chumma yirundhay , Arunachala.                                           36
Oh Arunachala, without talking you talked to me,
And told me to stop talking and you kept quite.
Chombiyay chumma sukhamundu urangidir,
Chol very yen gathi, Arunachala.                                            37
Oh Arunachala, If I lazily sleep in pleasure,
Tell me, what other  way to get away is there for me.
Chowriyam kaattinai , chazha kathathu yendre,
Chaliyathu irunday, Arunachala.                                             38
Oh Arunachala, you showed me your prowess                        
And the darkness in me vanished,
And you remained still motion less.
Gnamaliyir kedaa naan yendru uruthi yay,
Nadi nin urave, Arunachala.                                                   39
Oh Arunachala, I am worse than a dog,
For when did I ever steadfastly seek you.
Gnanamillathu , un asayar thalar vara,
Gnanam therithu arul, Arunachala.                                         40
Oh Arunachala, I sought you without wisdom,
But did only get tired because of my desire,
And so grace me with the wisdom to seek you.
Jnimiru po neeyum malarnthilai yendre,
Ner nindaranai , yen arunachala.                                              41
Oh Arunachala, When I as a bee wanted to enter you,
And when I thought that you have not opened  like a bud,
To my surprise  I found you standing in front of me.
Thattuvam theriya thathanai yuthay,
Thathuvam ithu ven, Arunachala.                                                42
Oh my Arunachala , when I did not know the innate philosophy,
You yourself stood before me as the same innate philosophy.
Thane thane thathuvam idanai ,
Thane kattuvai Arunachala.                                                           43
Oh Arunachala , please show and make me realize,
That you ,yourself are the innate philosophy.
Thirumbi yagam thannai dina maga kan kaandu,
Yeriyum yendranai, yen Arunachala.                                             44
Oh my Arunachala, You told me to turn and see,
Within myself ,so that I will know it.
Deeramilakathir thediyum thanayaan ,
Thirumba vuthen arul, Arunachala.                                                 45
Oh Arunachala, by your grace I searched inside ,
Without inner courage and got you again.
Thupparivilla ippira ppen bhayan,
Oppidavaye , yen Arunachala.                                                        46
Oh my Arunachala, what is the use of this birth,
Without the  innate knowledge, and then why,
Should I try to compare it with that of others.
Thooy mana mozhiyar thoyu mun meyygam,
Thoyave yarul yen Arunachala.                                                       47
Oh my Arunachala, please bless me to merge within you,
Before the others with purer mind merge in you.
Dheivam yendru unnai charave , yennai,
Chera vozhithay Arunachala.                                                            48
Oh Arunachala , when I bent towards you,
Thinking you are my God, you pushed me away.
Thedathu uttha na thiru varu nithi yaga,
Thiyakkam theertharul Arunahala.                                                      49
Oh Arunachala, You are the divine treasure,
That I got without searching for it,
And bless me with a stable mind.
Dhairiyamodu mun meyyaga nada yaan,
Thattazhithen arul , Arunachala.                                                         50
Oh Arunachala, when I tried to approach you with courage,
The boat of mine tottered and I  fell down and so bless me.
Thottarut kai mey kattidaa yenil,
Yaan attamaven, arul , Arunachala.                                                      51
Oh Arunachala , If you do not merge in me,
When I extend my hands to touch you,
Then I would become , a useless thing.
Thodamini yagathodu ondri yendrum,
Chandhoda ondirda arul, Arunachala.                                                    52
Oh Arunachala, You who are without flaws,
Merge with me from the inside and grace me,
To merge with the  ever lasting joy , inside you.
Nagaikku ida milai nin nadiya venaiaru ,
Nagai Yittu paar nee arunachala.                                                            53
Oh Arunachala, this is not the time to laugh at me,
Who has sought and approached you but please see me,
After adorning me with your grace.
Nanilai naadita naanayondri nee,
Thanuva niranai arunachala.                                                                    54
Oh Arunachala, without shame you stood like a pillar,
When I came myself,  seeking you, instead of helping me.
Ninneri yerithenai neeragidum mun,
Nin arun mazhai pozhi Arunachala.                                                        55
Oh Arunachala, before I turn to ash due to your burning advice
Rain your nectar like grace on me, please.
Nee naan ara ppuli nithangali mayama,
Nindridu nilay arul Arunachala.                                                             56
Oh Arunachala, destroy the difference between you and me,
And bless me with the state of  ecstasic joy.
Nunn uruvay ninai yaan vinnuru nannida,
Yennalai yirumen ara Arunachala.                                                          57
Oh Arunachala, please cut off my nets of thought,
That prevent me to see your subtle divine form.
Noolarivu ariya pethaiyan yendran,
Malari varuthu arul, Arunachala.                                                            58
Oh Arunachala , grace me by cutting  off my wrong knowledge,
For I am a simpleton who does not have bookish knowledge.
Nekku nekkurugi yaan pukkida unnai puga,
Nakkaha ninranai , Arunachala.                                                                 59
Oh Arunachala, when melting with emotions, I tried to enter you,
As my refuge   but  You stood motionless and naked before me.
Nesa mila yenakkun asayai kaati nee,
Mosam cheyyatharul, Arunachala.                                                           60
Oh Arunachala, Do not forsake  me now .
After showing your desire to me ,  
As  I  was not interested in you earlier.
Naindazhi kaniya nalanilai padathir,
Nadi ut kol nalam, Arunachala.                                                                61
Oh Arunachala, Unripe fruits do not lead to good,
Ripen me and merge me with you.
Nondhida thunthanai thandu yenai kondilai,
Yandaka nee yenakku Arunachala.                                                         62
Oh Arunachala, you are like the God of death me,
As you gave me yourself and painlessly took me within you.
Nokkiye  karuthi mey thakkiye pakkuvam 
Aakki nee aandarul, Arunachala.                                                              63
Oh Arunachala , see me touch me and ripen me,
And then take me and then  rule over me.
Pathi maal vidanthalai yuthiru munamarul, 
Pathida arul puri, Arunachala.                                                                   64
Oh Arunachala, shower your grace and save me,
Before the poison of delusion gets hold of me.
Parthu arun maalara parthilai yenin arul,
Par unakkar cholvar, Arunachala.                                                            65
Oh Arunachala , If you do not see and dispel my illusion,
Who is there , who can request you to do that.
Pithu vittu unai ner pithanakkinai arul,
Pitham theli marundu Arunachala.                                                           66
Oh Arunachala, You cured my mad desire for the world,
And made me mad for you and your grace,
And you are the only medicine to cure this madness.
Bheethiyil unai char, bheethiyil unai cher,
Bheethi undanakka yen, Arunachala.                                                       67
Oh Arunachala , why are you having fear to me joining you,
As I am joining you fearlessly and you are fearless.
Pullari vethurai, nallari vethurai, 
Pullidave arul , Arunachala.                                                                      68
Oh Arunachala, please tell me which knowledge is bad,
And which is good and bless me to shed the bad knowledge.
Poo mana mamanam poorana manam kola ,
Pooranamarul Arunachala.                                                                        69
Oh Arunachala, Bless me with complete knowledge,
For my mind is beset with the scent of this world.
And not the knowledge of  perfection.
Peyar ninaithidave pidithu izhthanai un,
Perumai yaar arivaar Arunachala.                                                              70
Oh Arunachala, You pulled me towards you,
Even when I just brought your name to my mind,
And who can ever aptly tell your greatness?
Peythanam vida , vidaa peyayi pidithanai,
Peyan akkinai yen Arunachala.                                                                  71
Oh my Arunachala , when the devilishness left me,
You firmly caught hold of me like a devil,
And made me mad for you like  a devil.
Painkodi ya naan pathu indri vaadamar,
Pathu kodaay kaa varunachala.                                                                 72
Oh Arunachala, Please be a staff  to support me,
As I am a tender creeper and would wilt , if I do not have a support.
Podiyaan mayaikki yen bodathai parithu un,
Bodathai kattinai Arunachala.                                                                   73
Oh Arunachala , Using the dust to make me loose myself,
And completely steal away my understanding,
You blessed me by showing ,  your knowledge to me.
Pokkum varavumil podu veli yinil arut,
Porattam kattu, Arunachala.                                                                      74
Oh Arunachala, In my mind which is a public road
Where there is no coming and going of thoughts,
Stage and show the clashes of your divine self.
Poudhikama mudar pathu athu nalum mun,
Pavisu kandu uravu arul, Arunachala.                                                      75
Oh Arunachala, cut off my physical attachments,
And grace me with the splendorous sight of yours.
Malai marundhida nee malaithidavo varun,
Malai marunday olir, Arunachala.                                                            76
Oh Arunachala, When you cured me of my disease,
Of confusion about the problems of birth and life,
Why should I bother and so please shine as the mountain of cure.
Manam kondu urubhavar manathai azhitha pin,
Manamillathu olir Arunachala.                                                                  77
Oh Arunachala ,you have destroyed the ego,
Of the people who were suffering from ego,
And please shine as something beyond ego.
Minjidir kenjidum konja vari vaniyaan,
Vanchiyathu arul yenai, Arunachala.                                                         78
Oh Arunachala , I am an ignoramus , who begs,
When some one overwhelms and rules over me,
And so without deceiving me show your grace to me.
Meegaaman illaman maa kathu alai kala,
Magamar katharul, Arunachala.                                                                79
Oh Arunachala, Protect me from this great illusion,
When I am floundering like a ship without helmsman,
And caught amidst, the wind and storm of a storm.
Mudiyadi kaanaa mudi vidu thanai ner,
Mudi vida kada mnilai arul, Arunachala.                                                 80
Oh Arunachala , when I am trying to untie,
The knot of ego like the one  trying to find your head and feet,
Be like a mother and help me to untie the knot.
Mokilam mun kkattu mukurama kadenai ,
THooki anainthu arul, Arunachala.                                                          81
Oh Arunachala , do not show me a mirror,
To point out my absence of nose,
But raise me and hug me tightly.
Meyyagathin manamen mala ranayinaa,
Mey kalathida varul , Arunachala.                                                           82
Oh Arunachala , in the flower bed of my mind,
Within my body , permit me to merge with you.
Men mel thazhindhdu melliyar cherndhu nee,
Menmayuthana yenna, Arunachala.                                                         83 
Oh Arunachala, how is it that you became great,
Even after again and again mixing with the poor and humble
Mai mayanetharun maiyinal unathu ,
Unamai vasamakkinai, Arunahala.                                                            84
Oh Arunachala, after removing the collyrium of ignorant confusion,
By granting me the collyrium of your grace , you made me truly yours.
Mottai yadithennai vetta veliyineel
Nattamadinai yen , Arunachala.                                                                 85
Oh Arunachala, after completely shaving of my ignorant thoughts,
You danced in the empty stadium of my mind.
Moham thavirthun mohama vaithu men,
Moham theeray, yen Arunachala.                                                              86
Oh Arunachala, you removed my attachment to me,
Put in there attachment to you, and by your grace,
Keep that attachment from not vanishing.
Mouniyai karpon malarathirunthaan,
Monamith aamo , Arunachala.                                                                   87
Oh Arunachala , Is it divine silence,
When one is silent and immobile like a stone?
Yavan yen vaayil maninai yatti,
Yen pizhai pozhuthathu , Arunachala.                                                       88
Oh Arunachala, who was it ,who made me good for nothing,
And robbed me of my livelihood?
Yaarumariyadhen madhiyinai marutti ,
Yevar kollai kondathu , Arunachala.                                                           89
Oh Arunachala, who was it that destroyed
My mind’s confusion and robbed me for himself?
Ramanar yendru uraithen , rosam kolathu yenai,
Ramithida cheya vaa, Arunachala.                                                              90
Oh Arunachala, I told it this way because,
I thought that you are one bewitching my mind,
And so without getting angry, make me happy.
Raa pakalilla veru veli veetil,
Ramithuduvom, vaa, Arunachala.                                                              91
Oh Arunachala , let us both enjoy this divine happiness,
In this open house where there is no night or day.
Lakshiyamm vaithu arul asthiram vittanai, 
Bakshithaay prananodu, Arunachala.                                                          92
Oh Arunachala, you shot your arrow at me,  
Keeping correct aim and ate me away along with my soul .
Labha nee ikha para labham mi lenayuthu,
Labham yennuthanaim, Arunachala.                                                            93
Oh Arunachala, what  is  the profit got buy you,
Who is the real profit to those who get you,
By taking me ,  who does nothing here and hereafter.
Varumbadi cholilai, vanden padiyala,
Varundhidan alai vidhi, Arunachala.                                                            94
Oh Arunachala, You only called me near you,
And now I have come, look after me and my problems,
And if you feel sad to do it, it is but  your fate.
Vaa vendru agam pukkun vaazh varul endre yen,
Vaazh vizhunden arul, Arunachala.                                                              95
Oh Arunachala, The moment I came in, when you called,
You entered in to me  and showered your grace,
But I lost my selfish egoistic life.
Vittidir kattamaam vittida thunai uyir,
Vittida yarul puri , Arunachala.                                                                     96
Oh Arunachala, To leave you  is difficult,
So when I leave this world, be with me,
And please bless me to be always with you.
Veedu vitteer thula veedu pukku payya vun,
Veedu kattinai yarul, Arunachala.                                                                 97
Oh Arunachala, you drew me out of my home,
And you entered and occupied the home of my mind,
And showed me, that you are my permanent home.
Veli vitten un cheyal veruthithadathu un arul,
Veli vittu yenai kaa, Arunachala.                                                                   98
Oh Arunachala, I have published your acts now,
But please do not hate me  for that,
And show your grace and then protect me.
Vedanthatte verara vilangum,
Veda porul arul  Arunachala.                                                                         99
Oh Arunachala, please explain to me that ,
Which  is the essence of all Vedas,
And which is explained in Vedantha.
Vaidhalai vazhathaa vaitharut kudiya,
Vaithenai vidathu arul, Arunachala.                                                              100
Oh Arunachala, consider my slanderous words as praise.
And make as an object of grace and look after me always.
Ambuvi laali pola  anpuruvu nilay enai,
Anbaa karaitharul, Arunachala.                                                                      101
Oh Arunachala, like the hail stones melting in rain,
Please merge me in your form of love , as your form is love itself.
Arunai yen drannayana arut kanni patten un,
Arul valai thappumo Arunachala.                                                                    102
Oh Arunachala, as soon as I thought of Arunachala,
I was caught in the net of your grace,
For the net of your grace never makes mistakes.
Chindhithu arut pada Chilandhi pol kkatti,
Cirayittu undanai , Arunachala.                                                                       103
Oh Arunachala, after great thought you spun a spider’s web,
Imprisoned me and then took me within you.
Anpodu un namange , anbar tham anbarukku,
Anbanayida varul , Arunachala.                                                                        104
Oh Arunachala, please make me the friend,
Of the friend of  a friend of one who chants your name with love.
Yen polum dhenarai yin pura kkathu nee,
Yennalum vazhandharul Arunachala.                                                                105
Oh Arunachala , you please kindly protect the oppressed ones,
Like me and continue to live forever.
Yenpurukanpar tham yin chorkkal cheviyumen,
Pun mozhi kol varul, Arunachala.                                                                      106
Oh Arunachala, who hears the sweet words ,
Of devotees who melt to the chore on singing of him,
Be pleased to accept the poor words of mine too.
Poumayam poo thara pun cholai nan cholap,
Poruthirulishtam pin , Arunachala.                                                                  107
Oh Arunachala who is a mountain of patience,
When I tell poor words about you make them good,
As per your wish and please pardon me. 
Malai alitharul Arunachala, Ramana ven,
Malai aninthu arul Arunachala.                                                                        108
Oh Arunachala Ramana, please give me a garland and then 
Please wear the garland composed by me.
********************************************************************
VEDIC HINDU FIRE TEMPLE OF BAKU ATESHGAH AZERBAIJAN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




FIRE TEMPLE OF BAKU,  SHAKTI PEETHAM OF SHIVA'S WIFE SATI,  JWALAMUKHI FIRE TEMPLE OF  KANGRA HIMACHAL PRADESH INDIA,  NINE  ETERNAL  FLAMES OF GODDESS DURGA , SRI YANTRA 8000 BC –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In 1883 Russian Czar Alexander Alexandrovich , known historically as Alexander III who reigned as Emperor of Russia, King of Poland and Grand Prince of Finland , went to Baku to visit the fire temple Ateshgah.  

He witnessed a full Vedic Agnihotra from the homan pit lit by a natural naphta fire , conducted by Indian Hindu Brahmins.   In fact this was arranged just for his majesty's eyes.

Till the Czar visited this Fire temple at Baku, Azerbaijan  it laid neglected, for the violent Islamic influence had driven away all the peace loving Hindus.



Those who are curious to know what a Agnihotra is , punch into Google search--

AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL
and
NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL

Now I want you to check out the video below. You can see the Vedic homam pit built at an angle of 51 degrees 49 minutes 








This pyramid is based on the Indian divine geometry Sri Yantra of 8000 BC.  The Egyptian pyramids built by Vedic Maharishis also have EXACTLY the same angle.





Add caption

The fire temple at Baku was built during the reign of the great Indian Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, who ruled from Palestine to Urals to Vietnam..  

In 1683 a German traveler Kaempfer has visited Baku.  He noted that there are seven fire holes at the Hindu temple.  Originally when the temple was built it had nine eternal flames. This is the spot where Shiva’s wife Goddess Sati’s heart fell.  

There are several King Vikramadityas in Indian history,  and this name has been hijacked by the white Christian invader over brandy and cigars , to show that he is a most recent phenomenon. As per the Bible and Vatican the cosmos and world was created on 23rd Oct 4004 BC, at exactly 9 AM . So how can someone exist before 4004 BC?  Pray?

British actor Sir Richard Burton, who first translated the tales of Vikramaditya into English, even ventures to call him, "the King Arthur of the East."  TEE HEEE !!

Emperor Vikramaditya’s royal seal was the Swastika,  which is a symbol found on Shiva’s  son Lord Ganesha’s palm . 



Encyclopedia Britannica says Kaaba at Mecca has 360 idols including a King Vikramaditya inscripted gold dish, in a temple chamber called Ishalayam.  

King Vikramaditya ruled 7500 years before the birth of Islam. Idol worship is banned in Islam.

The lying British historians gave Vikramaditya  nine jewels (sic!) in his court.  One gem is poet Kalidasa who wrote a recent Shakuntala and the other is Dhanwantari -- even Varahamihira  ( Mihira Muni  2660 BC )  .  

What the stupid Christian historians  does NOT realize is that Dhanwantari is a product of Samudra Manthan.  

In Kerala , my home state every Ayurvedic doctor,  after graduation , has to compulsorily go to the 6000 year old Dhanwantari temple near Guruvayur Kerala , for spiritual invocation.

Punch into google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

The Indian Parsis have used their Rothschild opium drug business agency connection to delete true history and claim this fire temple as a Zoroaster fire temple.  This is absolute nonsense and a big lie.   

Other than the fire there is absolutely NOTHING else the Parsis can claim.   Can they claim Lord Shiva’s trishul which is inset there since antiquity. 



Vedic Indians are the first fire worshippers. Hindusim is being practiced from 9500 BC, while Zoroaster religion is  very recent religion.  

And there is an exact replica of this eternal natural gas flame temple on a smaller scale in India at Kangra  valley Himachal Pradesh.  This Indian temple is called Jwalamukhi, Jwala meaning a natural fire and Mukhi meaning mouth in Sanskrit. There the fire is considered an incarnation of the goddess Durga.


This Jwalamukhi temple where Lord Shiva’s wife Sati’s tongue fell is 30 km. from Kangra and 56 km. from Dharamshala.   Jwalamukhi means the 'Flamming Goddess'.  It is one of the most popular Hindu temples in Northern India.  




There is no idol and the flame is considered a manifestation of the Goddess.  The eternal flame issues from the rock sanctum . The Indian priests will tell you that the big Jwalamukhi Goddess temple is in Baku. . 

If the Fire Temple at Baku were really Zoroastrian it would be the only one of its kind , that is not fed by wood  as per tradition.  Above is a dome which is not round (circular) as in a Parsee Atash Kadeh.  

Near this building, there is a cremation pit place about 10 feet long where old skull fragments were found . Can this ever happen at a Parsee Atash Kadeh. They need a tower for their vultures.



In the center of the dome, there is a big opening from which natural sunlight will shine in the pit as is requied by the rules of Agnihotra . In a Parsee Atash Kadeh, great care is taken to ensure that no natural sunlight shines directly on the holy fire in the sanctum sanctorum.  All know this.  On the four sides of this building,  port holes have been provided for the Agnihotra homam smoke to escape.

Baku in Azerbaijani language actually signifies a Vedic Goddess.

The Baku temple is about 18 feet square using the principle of Vaastu.  In the center is a Agnihotra havanam or homam  pit about 3 feet deep and about 4 feet square. .  The fire burnt continuously due to the natural gas emitting from the bottom of the pit.  In a Parsee Atash Kadeh, for the central fire, a high platform like a throne is erected, NOT a sunken inverted pyramid pit.



At the entrance of the temple , there is a foundation stone with inscription in Dev Nagrik script, which in the beginning invokes Shiva’s son Lord Ganesha. .  This inscription contains nine lines . The first row has a bell of the shape found in a Hindu temple. 

Then a sun, then a homam fire , then a Shiva’s trishul ( trident ) , and a Swastika Vedic symbol.  In the inscription, you can see “SHREE GANESHAAYANUM” in the first line, the Vikramaajeet Hindu calendar year (“Vikramaajeet Saake”) in the second line and “Shree Jwaalaajee” (the fire ball) in the third line.

Around the temple there is a large square with 25 rooms.  They are closed from outside , so it appears as a compound wall .  Every cell has a door but no windows.   In one of them is a wall painting of Hindu God, Lord Ganesha exists .  Some walls have pictures of banyan trees ( found in Hindu temples ) and Shiva’s trident.  

One of these cells is more than  35 feet long like a common dormitory.  Some cells have a dome like structure at the top. Two cells were used to tie up the horses of the visitors.  In 20 cells there are Sanskrit inscriptions in Devnagiri script.



Near the temple is the  Vourukash sea ( Caspian sea ). Caspain sea is originally Kashyapa sea.  The caviar fish called “Kur Maachee” or Sevruga sturgeon caviar fish .   Machee is fish in Sanskrit and Hindi.
In the Lenin Museum in Moscow, the idols removed from baku temple is exhibited. 

Some statues show Hindu priests in dhoti sitting cross legged doing a Agnihotra fire homam.  Some are shown  singing kirtans with Hindu musical instruments.  They have red dots (Tilaks) on their foreheads, which nobody else puts . Some are shown weaving a rug.  



It has an explanatory tablet in Russian in which they are clearly identified as Hindus. The English translation reproduced verbatim is as follows:- “Near the town Baku in the villages of Souratshaanaa and Emidjan where the fire (naphtha) comes from the earth lived the Hindoos, who came from India. They were Brahmans. They made a temple and adored the fire many years. They lived there, but now they are not at Baku. It is said then years before they lived in little rooms and worked for money. They built their cells. They are not the Parsees - the Guebers who adored Zarathushtra”.



The custodian Russian lady has the catalog: “The Description of the Collections in the Ethnographical Museums”

So sorry,  my dear Parsees, tough luck.  Don’t try to grab a chunk of history which is not yours.
There are twenty inscriptions embedded in the the stone walls of the temple complex.  Eighteen are in the Nagari Devnagri script, one is in Punjabi using the Gurumukhi script ( Guru Nanak visited Baku temple before he went to Mecca )  and one is a bilingual inscription in Sanskrit and Persian. 

This bilingual inscription is dedicated to Lord Ganesh, Jwalaji and fire, and is dated Samvat 1802 (1745-46 CE).  The Punjabi language inscription is a quotation from the Adi Granth. The other inscriptions include an invocation to Lord Shiva.



Heavy exploitation of the natural gas reserves in the area during Soviet rule resulted in the eternal flame getting extinguished  in 1969.  Tourists stopped coming. Today, the museum’s fire is fed by mains gas piped in from Baku.  This is one of the most holy pilgrimage places for Hindus, being a Shaktipeedam. Islam rule and then later Communist atheist rule killed this age old pilgrimage. 

You must know that Baku and Samarkand were old trading areas , where Indian Ayurvedic medicines sole like hot cakes. Also in great demand was Indian Teak wood and carpenters from Kerala and Gujarat.



Jonas Hanway commenting in his,  An Historical Account of the British Trade Over the Caspian Sea, 1753 AD states  "  There is a little temple, in which the Indians worship: near the altar about 3 feet high is a large hollow cane, from the end of which iffues a blue flame... . These Indians affirm, that this flame has continued ever since the flood, and they believe it will last to the end of the world. ...”

Of course Jonas can never ever imagine anything older than Noah’s ark of 2500 BC , as per the old testament of Bible..

According to Dr. Sir Ervad Jivanji Jamshedji Modi (1854-1933), a prominent Zoroastrian Indian priest, scholar and Parsi community leader, the fire temple of Baku is a Hindu temple .  He is 100% sure about this after examining the temple .

He wrote more than 70 books, produced over 120 scholarly papers on Zoroastrian history, traveled and researched into Zoroastrian affairs extensively and was instrumental in organizing the Parsi community in India. During his lifetime he had been called "the greatest living authority on the ancient history and customs of the Parsis.  Over 45 years from 1888-1933 he gave 350 public lectures.  

Jivanji traveled extensively right into his senior years in the service of his anthropological researches. When awarding him the honorary LL.D. the Governor of Bombay and Chancellor of the University of Bombay, Sir Ernest Hotson referred to Jivanji as his own particular friend and “.. world famous as a scholar of Sanskrit, Persian and Avesta ...unquestionably the greatest living authority on the ancient history and customs of the Parsis...(with) ..so many marks of recognition ..and honour” .



Is Modi’s statement available on the internet not good enough for the skeptic Parsis?

Every single  Europeans who visited this area in the 17th and 18th centuries mention the “brahmins,” the “Indian ascetics,” or the worship of the Hindu fire god, Agni, they observed at Atashgah.

By the way punch into Google search STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA AJIT VADAKAYIL, and get a bit shocked.



In his book My Travels Outside Bombay Iran, Azerbaijan, Baku (1926)  (translated from Gujarati by Soli Dastur) notes: "the original trade routes and customs changed and the visits of the Hindu traders diminished.  And from the original group of the Brahmins, some passed away and a few that were left went back to their original home land."  By the time of Modi's visit in 1925, the Surakhani atash gah had been abandoned.


Now let me digress—

My readers will wonder –what is all this tongue of Sati and heart of Sati ?

All they know is Sati was a bad Hindu custom where the poor Hindu widow was thrown into the funeral pyre of her husband.

Nothing is further from the truth.  This was false propaganda by the British using a stooge by the name of Raja Ram Mohan Roy. 

Women are NEVER allowed to go to the cremation yard , as per timeless Hindu custom.

Yes, in Rajastan after the Muslims invaded,  there was this practice of Jauhar of Rajput women.  In front of their husbands the women and children jumped into the fire on their own accord , when the writing was clear on the wall, that the battle would be lost.  This forced the brave Rajputs warriros to fight to the last man , and NOT run away in battle.

Consuming poison was no use as the Muslim invaders raped dead women and then buried them . The pretty ones were taken as sex slaves.  Jumping into the fire primarily fused their vaginas and of course -- to  a Hindu cremation means liberation  of the soul.  

However--


When Maharaja Ranjit Singh died in 1839, after a reign of nearly forty years, leaving seven sons by different queens.  He was cremated, his ceremony was performed by both Sikh and Hindu priests.  His Hindu wife Maharani Mahtab Devi Sahiba, the Empress of Punjab, the Princess of Kangra, daughter of Maharaja Sansar Chand, committed Sati with Ranjit's body as Ranjit's head lay in her lap; some of the other wives also joined her and committed Sati. They were NOT forced to do Sati ( self immolate ). And Sati is NOT a Sikh custom.



Probably my next post will be about this great king.

Now let me narrate the lore--

Legend goes that Sati was born when Gods concentrated their energy at a point on the ground to create a girl powerful enough to destroy even the fiercest of demons. The Goddess, took human birth at the bidding of the god Brahma. Sati was born as a daughter of Daksha Prajapati and his wife Prasuti.  

Daksha was a son of Brahma and a great king and magnate in his own right. The girl was named Gauri, "the turmeric-hued one,". As the daughter of Daksha, she is also known as Dakshayani. She is also called Satī By this logic, Sati is grand-daughter of Brahma by Daksha, but is also great grand-daughter of Brahma because Prasuti is daughter of Manu (Manu is son of Brahma).

In bidding the Goddess to take human birth, Brahma's design was that she should please Shiva with humble devotions and wed him. It was natural that Gauri ( Sati ) , even as a child, adored the tales and legends associated with Shiva and grew up an ardent devotee. As Sati grew to womanhood, the idea of marrying anyone else, as intended by her father, became anathema to her.

Every proposal from valiant and rich kings made her crave evermore the ascetic of Kailasa, the God of Gods, who bestowed all on this world and himself foreswore all. To win the regard of the ascetic Shiva, the daughter of king Daksha forsook the luxuries of her father's palace and retired to a forest, there to devote herself to austerities and the worship of Shiva. 

So rigorous were her penances that she gradually renounced food itself, at one stage subsisting on one bilva leaf a day, and then giving up even that nourishment; this particular abstinence earned her the sobriquet Aparnā. Her prayers finally bore fruit when, after testing her resolve, Shiva finally acceded to her wishes and consented to make her his bride.



An ecstatic Sati returned to her father's home to await her bridegroom, but found her father less than elated by the turn of events. The wedding was however held in due course, and Sati made her home with Shiva in Kailasa.   Daksha, depicted in legend as an arrogant king, did not get on with his renunciative son-in-law and basically cut his daughter away from her natal family.

To get even , Daksha Prajapati Daksha, the father of Sati once organized a grand yajna to which all the gods were invited, with the exception of Sati and Shiva.  Wanting to visit her parents, relatives and childhood friends, Sati sought to rationalize this omission. She reasoned within herself that her parents had neglected to make a formal invitation to them only because, as family, such formality was unnecessary; certainly, she needed no invitation to visit her own mother and would go anyway. 



Sati pestered Shiva to go to Yajna. Shiva maintained that they should not go uninvited.  Shiva sought to dissuade her, but she was resolved upon going; he then provided her with an escort of his ganas and bid her provoke no incident.

Sati was received coldly by her father. They were soon in the midst of a heated argument about the virtues (and alleged lack thereof) of Shiva. Every passing moment made it clearer to Sati that her father was entirely incapable of appreciating the many excellent qualities of her husband. 



The realization then came to Sati that this abuse was being heaped on Shiva only because he had wed her; she was the cause of this dishonour to her husband. Sati noticed that no seat (assan) had been earmarked for her husband Shiva, even if he had gone, which meant a deliberate attempt to humiliate Shiva.
  
She was consumed by rage against her father and loathing for his mentality. Calling up a prayer that she may, in a future birth, be born the daughter of a father whom she could respect, Sati plunged herself into the havankund of Yajna.  

The exact spot where the yagya or homam took place , in which Sita self immolated is where the amazing and powerful Kottiyoor temple is situated in Kerala .    This spot is THE oldest spot of Shiva-Sati worship in India.



After the yagna got over Lord Shiva  took the form of Swayambhu linga   and stayed next to where Sati immolated herself.   Since all the gods and goddesses were present in the place this place got to be known as Koodiyur ( renamed by British as Kottiyoor ).



Shiva sensed this catastrophe, and his rage was incomparable   Shiva rushed to the spot and found Sati half burnt and dead.

He loved Sati more than any and would never love after her. So, he created Virabhadra and Bhadrakali, some call as [Manbhadra], two ferocious creatures who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident. Nearly all those present were indiscriminately felled overnight. Daksha himself was decapitated.



The gruesome deed done , Shiva performed the fearsome and awe-inspiring Tandava dance . 



Shiva then placed his wife Gauri's ( Sati ) body on his shoulder and ran about the world, crazed with grief. 



In order to protect the universe from the wrath of Shiva, Lord Vishnu dismembered the body of Sati used his Sudarshana Chakra  . The dismembered parts of her body fell at 54 different places in India, Turkey, Azaerbaijan and Sri lanka. 



These places came to be known as Shaktipeeths or centers of power. Her tongue fell at the spot where the Jwalamukhi temple near Kangra is now situated. These places have become major centers of pilgrimage as they are held by the Goddess-oriented Shakta sect to be particularly holy. 

After the night of horror, Shiva, the all-forgiving, restored all those who were slain to life and granted them his blessings. Even the abusive and culpable Daksha was restored both his life and his kingship. 



His decapitated head was substituted for that of a goat. Having learned his lesson, Daksha spent his remaining years as a devotee of Shiva.

Satī,  reincarnated as  Parvati , Shiva’s second wife and is the mother of Lord Ganesha  and Lord Skanda (Kartikeya).


She is also known by 108 names from the Durga Saptashati. Her different mood brings different forms or incarnation. Parvati is considered to be Goddess Kali herself in her most ferocious form. As Durga she is black in color and rides on lion, she is known as the original slayer of Demon Mahishasura.



54 Shakti Peethas of Sati, proves that all Goddesses are expansions of the Goddess Parvati.

In the Sri yantra divine geometry , revealed in 8000 BC to the Maharishi seers , the 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) .

With Shiva and Shakti qualities  ( Yin Yang ) making the magic number 108, or the number of beads in a Rudraksha mala.

Jwalamukhi pertains to the 9 forms of Durga ( Sati), hence 9 eternal flames in the fire temple.  The nine flames have been named after goddesses - Mahakali, Unpurna, Chandi, Hinglaj, Bindhya Basni, Maha Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ambika and Anji Devi, continuously burning without adding any fuel, or human assistance.



Sri Yantra in 3D consists of 9 spiral energy vortices , 5 pointing downwards and 4 pointing upwards – the  mystical holographic construct of the Cosmos, revealed to seers in 8000 BC.


.
Now about the fire temple at Kangra valley Himachal Pradesh, India. . It is the most renowned temple of Goddess Durga in India.



A cowherd found that one of his cows was always without milk. He followed the cow to find out the cause. He saw a girl come out of the forest, drink the cows milk, and then disappear in a flash of light. The cowherd went to the king and told him the story. The king was aware of the legend that Sati's tongue had fallen in this area. The king tried, without success, to find that sacred spot. 

Again, some years later, the cowherd went to the king to report that he had seen a flame burning in the mountains. The king found the spot and had darshan (vision) of the holy flame. He built a temple there and arranged for priests to enguage in regular worship. It is believed that the Pandavas came later in 4000 BC, and renovated the temple.

Aarti is performed five times in the day, havan is performed once daily and portions of Durga Saptasati are recited.


The temple was looted and destroyed by Mahmud of Ghazni in 1009.

The Mughal Emperor Akbar, learning about the legends of Jwalamukhi tried to douse the flames with a stream of water. However, the great power of the Goddess, still kept the flames burning. Realizing the power of Jwala Devi, Akbar came with his army to this temple. He brought a Gold umbrella (Chatra) for the Goddess, but on offering, the umbrella turned into an unknown metal suggesting that the Goddess did not accept his offering.



You can see that the archway style of this ancient Indian temple is the same as in the temple at Baku.

Maharaja Ranjit Singh paid a visit to the temple in 1815 and the dome of the temple was gold-plated by him. 


In 1802 Ranjit Singh  learnt of the drop dead gorgeous  daughters of the Raja of Kangra,  Sansar Chand Katoch  .   At that time he was just 22 years old.  The father would NOT give his daughter to a shot man with one eye and face pock marked with small pix—to be frank Maharaja Ranjit Singh, though a great king  was repulsively ugly and could neither read or write.  

The army of Maharaja Ranjit Singh advanced on Kangra and in a series of battles the Raja was defeated.   He took refuge in Kangra Fort, but Ranjit Singh assaulted the fort through one of the gates which even now carries his name as “Ranjit Singh Gate”. Raja Sansar Chand ultimately agreed to give his daughters in marriage , sued for peace and was given his territory back. 



Ranjit Singh married both the princesses at this fire temple of Jwalalmukhi, and had both servicing him on the wedding night, together ( as per his French general ) .   One of the Rajput sisters Maharani Mahtab Devi Sahiba (Guddan Raj Banso)  performed sati at the death of the Maharaja, she sat calmly with his head in her lap , while the funeral fire was lit .  The other sister was prevented as she was supposed to be pregnant...


Just a few feet above the Jwalamukhi temple there is a six-feet deep pit with a circumference of about three-feet. At the bottom of this pit there is another small pit about one and a half feet deep with hot water bubbling all the time.

The legend has that there was a time the Mount Himalaya and its surroundings were under the abstract control of the demons.  They harassed the life of deities and sages, they all appealed to Lord Vishnu.   As instructed by Lord Vishnu, all the spiritual energies of the deities turned into a flame and as desired by the deities and Sages Goddess .  



Sati was rose from the flame and she was brought up by Daksha Prajapath.  Sati was born in a Agnihotra fire and died in the same fire.


Kandahar city in Afghanistan is the current mispronunciation of the Sanskrit term “Gandhar” which was the capital of a flourishing ancient Hindu kingdom.  Gandhari, wife of King Dhritarastra  was born in 4100 BC here.




After their defeat in the Mahabharata war, many of the Kaurva descendants settled in the Kandhar region which was their maternal home.  From there they gradually moved to what are currently known as Iraq and Saudi Arabia.  In ancient times, Arab horses were well-known for their fine breed (Arva in Sanskrit signifies a horse).  Being warriors, Kaurvas highly appreciated the well-bred horses of the region. That is why they named the region as Arvasthan (Land of Horses)— 

Arabia ,now rings a bell, right?.


There is a Shiva temple in Tashkent, the capital of Uzbekistan even today.  

Right from Palestine ( Palisthan), every STAN like Pakistan, Rajastan, Afghanishan, Uzbekistan, Krgystan, Tajikistan ete belonged to the old Vikramaditya empire . 



There were hundred of Shiva temples in all these places. Shiva temples have a black meteorite stone , like the one in the SE corner of Kaaba Mecca.





Raja Bhoj has been dated at 1034 AD by the British and pushed back by 4000 years.

The Bhoj Shala Saraswati temple is one of the oldest temples in India .

The huge temple cum university complex was destroyed by the Moghul invaders and a dargah of a Sufi saint, Kamaal Maulana installed.

See the picture. .  


The Muslims do namaz there on Fridays.  So, Muslims can offer Namaz in Bhojshala 52 times in a year, but Hindus are allowed to perform puja only once in a year  . 



The shrine is empty, and the main deity of Goddess Saraswati is supposed to be in London museum.



The alloy metal deity of Shri Vagdevi is also missing..

Vararuchi, the great  Kerala hero was named by the British historians as one of the 9 gems of Emperor Vikramaditya .   

This is nonsense.   

Vararuchi was Raja Bhoj’s religious and Vedic knowledge minister in 2800 BC.

Vararuchi from whom Varahamihira drew inspiration -- the founder of Kerala system of Astrology, whose work Chandra Vakyas, and Kapatayadi system of counting is well documented.   Vararuchi lived 200 years before Varahamihira ( Mihir Muni 2660 BC ).

Punch into google search MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL


There was a large wheel depicted on the wall on which were written many verses . These were all on  Vyaakarana  ( grammar ) . The entire  Vyaakarana  Shastra  had been written in verse and charted in the form of a  wheel . It is claimed that a mere glance at the giant wheel would make the Vyaakarana clear . 



Since Vyaakarana has the status of an object of reverence and worship , the wheel of Vyaakarana was installed in a temple .  This ancient Saraswati temple at Dhar , now stands as a muslim Mosque made with broken temple stones, built in 1405  by Dilawar Khan.   



Jawaharlal Nehru used his pull with Edwina but could NOT get this priceless statue of Goddess Saraswati  to India .


Vararuchi's  KATAPAYADI SYSTEM which he taught in the ancient Bhojsala university which is now a mosque.

Here is the Vararuchi  system from Sanskrit verses .  They are not bumpkin shepherd’s verses.    

Vararuchi was a Mathematician from Kerala who taught at Bhoj Shala University inside the Saraswati Temple in 2860 BC . 

Today this ancient university is a Muslim mosque--and Hindus are more worried about Babri masjid..

What is the value of Pi ?

O Lord anointed with the yogurt of the milkmaids’ worship (Krishna), O savior of the fallen, O master of Shiva, please protect me.

गोपीभाग्य मधुव्रातः श्रुंगशोदधि संधिगः

खलजीवितखाताव गलहाला रसंधरः

Gopibhagya madhuvrata srngisodadhisandhiga|
Khalajivitakhatava galahalarasandhara||

Kaṭapayādi system dictates that:
* As the first digit is 3, the first consonant must be one of ga, ḍa, ba, la
* As the second digit is 1, the second consonant must be one of ka, ṭa, pa, ya
* For the third digit to be 4, the third consonant must be one of gha, ḍha, bha, va…

So to fit 3.141592653589793…, the list of consonants in the verse must satisfy the regex
{g,ḍ,b,l}{k,ṭ,p,y}{gh,ḍh,bh,v}{k,ṭ,p,y}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{jh,dh}{kh,ṭh,ph,r}{c,t,ṣ}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{g,ḍ,b,l}{ṅ,ṇ,m,ś}{j,d,h}{jh,dh}{ch,th,s}{jh,dh}{g,ḍ,b,l}…


ga - 3 pii - 1 bhaa - 4 gya - 1 ma - 5 dhu - 9 ra - 2 ta -6 shru - 5 ga - 3 sho - 5 da - 8 dhi - 9 sa - 7 dha - 9 ga - 3 kha - 2 la - 3 jii - 8 vi - 4 ta - 6 kha - 2 ta - 6 va - 4 ga - 3 la - 3 ra - 2 sa - 7 dha - 9 ra – 2


pi = 3.1415926535897932384626433832792
********************************************************************
MAHARAJA RANJIT SINGH, THE RISE AND FALL OF THE SIKH EMPIRE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MAHARAJA DULEEP SINGH,  KOHINOOR DIAMOND,  BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY EXTERNAL CONSPIRACY,  COMPANY OWNER ROTHSCHILD'S  DOUBLE AGENTS' INTERNAL CONSPIRACY, WEDGE DRIVEN BETWEEN SIKHS AND RAJPUTS,  DISINTEGRATION OF A MIGHTY PUNJAB EMPIRE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




I am afraid that this post will re-write history, in a manner which shocks the denizens of the glorious Punjab empire of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, called tongue in cheek by Western historians as " The Napoleon of the East".

To understand this post, you must know that British East India Company ( shipping  company)  owner , a German Jew Rothschild , called the shots in India and this planet ever since they laid the hands on the gold of Tipu Sultan in 1799.

You must punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL, to understand how the enormous gold of Tipu Sultan was shipped away in British East Company ships. 

This is the base gold asset of the modern banking cartel who rules the planet via the Bilderberg Club.



The Tipu Sultan modus operandi was very simple.

Imagine a hyper thief and a super thief. The hyper thief does things using his cunning and devious brains in style. He refuses to dirty his hands. He allows the super thief to steal from all the hundreds of banks in Mumbai, all the time watching him using his secret agents.This work is dirty, sweaty and without honour. 

Once the super thief has looted all the banks and made a nice pile in one single place, the hyper thief just swipes it away in a jiffy , after murdering the super thief . Nobody even knows such a hyper thief existed . 

End of story.

Maharaja Ranjit Singh made the mistake of trusting Jewish generals ( double agents of Rothschild ) who pulled the carpet from under the feet of Emperor Napoleon Bonaparte at battle of Waterloo in 1815.  

Below: Maharaja Ranjit Singh



Today even Wikipedia accepts that there was indeed a Rothschild conspiracy, wherein Napoleon was tricked . Not only that,  the wealth of the not so bright John Bull Englishmen, were also swiped away overnight.

Punch into Google search NAPOLEON , THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL



Just like how Napoleon's personal Jewish doctor betrayed his trust, by medical trickery , same way Maharaja Ranjit Singh's personal Romanian Jewish doctor in the payroll of Rothschild , and tutored by the personal homeopathy German Jew doctor of the mighty Rothschild himself, did away with the Maharaja.

The simple Sikhs must know the truth. All this will cause a great deal of heart ache. 

The British have accused the simple but brave Sikhs of petty politics and squabbling.  This is a lie.

Every conspiracy was hatched by the owner of British East India Company, micro managed by their king pin agent,  the Jewish Romanian personal doctor of Ranjit Singh. 

These things will never ever be written by the main stream media , monopolized by big brother.

For people whose knowledge of Punjab Sikh Empire history, is purely pedestrian.  See below , the disgraceful fall of the glorious Sikh Empire.



1801 April 12, Coronation of Ranjit Singh as Maharaja, formal beginning of the Sikh Empire

1801 to June 27, 1839,  Reign of Maharaja Ranjit Singh . From 1801 to 1839 he lead the Sikh Khalsa Army , and expanded  the Sikh.. ( born December 1807-  died September 16, 1843)

Maharaja Ranjit Singh died at the age on 59 , due to a 4th stroke.  He had 3 strokes before that.


The following were the naïve and gullible successors of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, who never even knew the cunning Rothschild conspiracy to snatch their wealth and their empire.

The following ruled over the Sikh Kingdom for a period of less than ten years from 1839 to 1849 A.D, after the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh. :

1. Maharaja Kharak Singh, (Elder son of Maharaja Ranjit Singh)
Birth February 20, 1801, Accession June 27, 1839
Deposed in a coup October 8, 1839, Poisoned to death November 5, 1840

Below : Maharaja Kharak Singh 



2. Maharaja Naunihal Singh, (son of Maharaja Kharak Singh)
Birth February 11, 1820, Became a Maharaja October 8, 1839 (De-facto ruler)
Death November 6, 1840, ( Murdered with stone pounded on his head ).

Below: Maharaja  Naunihal Singh 


3. Maharaja Sher Singh., (Second son of Maharaja Ranjit Singh)
Occupied the throne  November 9, 1840, for 23 days only, Dethroned December 2, 1840

Below : Maharaja Sher Singh 


4. Maharani Chand Kaur ., (Widow of Maharaja Kharak Singh)
Proclaimed Malika Mukaddas December 2, 1840 or  Queen Empress.
Capituated January 17, 1841, Deposed  January 18, 1841,  Killed June 9, 1842

Below: Maharani Chand Kaur


5. Maharaia Sher Singh, (Again returned to power)
Birth 1807
Accession  January 18, 1841, Killed September 15, 1843

6. Maharaja Duleep Singh, (Youngest son of Maharaja Ranjit Singh)
Birth  September 6, 1838, Mounted the throne. September 15, 1843
* Deposed  March 29,  1849.  * Exiled  to England December 21, 1849
Death (in Paris-France) October 22, 1893

Below: Boy king Maharaja Duleep Singh with his mother Jindan Kaur.



Boy king at the age of 5, Maharaja Duleep Singh’s godmother was Kohinoor snatching Queen Victoria of England .  

Below : the priceless Kohinoor diamond ( presented to the English Queen by Jew Rothschild , the owner of British East India Company ) 



Below:  Queen Victoria




Maharaja Duleep Singh was converted to Christianity married twice--first  to a honey pot Bamba Müller ( half German Jew - half Ethiopian ) and then to a  honey pot  chambermaid Ada Douglas Wetherill  .  

Below Maharani Bamba Muller





He had eight children in total, six from his first marriage to Bamba, the half breed daughter of a German banker.:
Prince Victor Duleep Singh
Prince Frederick Duleep Singh
Prince Albert Edward Duleep Singh
Princess Bamba Duleep Singh
Princess Catherine Duleep Singh
Princess Sophia Duleep Singh

Below : Duleep Singh's attractive daughter Princess Bamba Jr 




He also had two children from his second marriage to Ada Douglas Wetherill:
Princess Pauline Alexandra Duleep Singh
Princess Ada Irene Beryl Duleep Singh

Below: Duleep Singh's attractive daughter Pauline Alexandra



All the above eight children of Maharaja Duleep Singh died without children,  (which is astonishing and quite mysterious),  ending the direct line of the Sikh Royalty.

WHEN A INDIAN YUV-RAJ IN WAITING MARRIES A WHITE CHRISTIAN FOREIGNER OUT OF LOVE ( SIC) ,  IN A FOREIGN LAND , IT IS USUALLY MADE TO HAPPEN,  BY POWERFUL FORCES.  

SUCH A WOMAN IS CALLED A HONEY POT. ( KNOW OF ANY SUCH  RECENT  LIVING HONEY POT  ?!?)

And Maharaja Duleep Singh is allegedly NOT Ranjit Singh’s biological child..  

Below: Maharaja Duleep Singh  


Maharaja Ranjit Singh , who just recovered from his 3rd stroke , was paralysed below the waist, and was NOT in a any prime physical condition to have a boner and penetrate and seed Rani Jindan Kaur , when Duleep Singh was conceived, as per his doctor.  

His attractive mother Maharani Jindan Kaur was accused of having a torrid affair with the handsome Raja Lal Singh, behind Ranjit Singh’s back.  

Below-Jindan Kaur



Maharani  Jindan Kaur, did NOT have royal blood. 

She was the daughter of Sardar Manna Singh Aulak, the Royal Kennel Keeper at the Court of Lahore. She was the ninth and the last regular wife he married, according to Sikh customs in 1835, and who bore him his last son Duleep Singh ( sic )  in 1838, just 10 months before his death in 1839.

The British called her the Messalina of the Punjab-- comparing her to Messalina, the wife of the Roman Emperor, Claudius, who was a wanton and licentious seductress

Manna used to perch his pretty girl child Jindan kaur on his shoulder, and run alongside the Maharaja’s palki.  He  used to joke with Ranjit Singh,  whenever ever he saw him ogling his attractive but underage daughter  “ Sir, when will you marry my daughter and make her your queen?”

One day to his utter surprise Ranjit Singh relied  “Very well, bring her to my palace !”  

She made all the other women of Ranjit Singh very jealous.  Till the age of 13, his Prime minister Dhian Singh was in charge of her.

In the Memoirs of Alexander Gardner”  Ranjit Singh took Jindan into his harem where the little smouldering beauty used to gambol, and frolic and tease and captivated the Maharaja in a way that smote the real wives with jealousy.  

In 1830, with the object of calming the jealousy of his wives, the Maharaja sent Jindan, then thirteen, to her godfather at Amritsar where her "amorous flirtatious glances and coquettish pranks continued attracting lustful attentions of no small number of erotic truants”.

A lot of Sikhs are very proud of this Maharani-- whose shady history is alleged to be a pack of lies.  

Lal Singh was a Brahmin from Jhelum and entered the service of the Sikh Darbar in 1832 as a lowly writer in the treasury,  on the recommendation of the Dogra Prime minister Dhian Singh.  

Below - Lal Singh 


It is alleged that in December 1844, Maharani Jindan Kaur broke all pretense and appointed her lover Lal Singh  as a member of the Council of Regency under her.  He was made Wazir on 8 November 1845.   

He was also personally teaching his own son Duleep Singh, as per his mother Jindan Kaur’s her wishes.  Lal Singh had designs for his son to be the future emperor of Punjab and Kashmir, and hence he mollycoddled the British, who used him like the proverbial curry leaf ..  

One fine day he got careless and the British caught him .  They found his letter giving secret instructions to Shaikh Imam ud Din, the governor of Kashmir, to thwart the occupation by Gulab Singh Dogra (  brother of Dhian Singh ) of the valley granted him by the British under a treaty signed on 16 March 1846.  

Below : Gulab Singh Dogra 



Lal Singh was formally tried by a British Court of Inquiry and found guilty. He was removed from his high office and expelled from the Punjab with a pension of 12,000 rupees per annum.  

He was sent to Agra and then to Dehra Dun, where he died in 1866.

I will NOT eulogize Ranjit Singh, but will attempt to shed true light.  

As a child Ranjit Singh suffered from smallpox as a child which resulted in the loss of one eye, and his face was deeply pitted , and it was NOT a pretty sight.  

He was also a short man, considering Sikhs are tall and huge people.  But was was extremely athletic and fast.  He was  uneducated, could neither read nor write, but had a marvellous memory.  

He was a born leader and evoked intense loyalty among his subjects and his army consisting of Sikhs, Rajputs, Hindus and Muslims. He never admitted the possibility of failure, and hence held the "awe factor".


Ranjit Singh’s father Mahan Singh rose to head the Sukerchakya Misl and by marrying Raj Kaur, daughter of Chief of Jind, Gajpat Singh, made a powerful alliance.

Ranjeet Singh saw action at the battle front, when he was hardly 12 years old, when he accompanied his father Mahan Singh on a campaign.  During the long siege Mahan Singh fell seriously ill, and knowing very well that his end was approaching, anointed his son Ranjeet Singh as his successor and chief of the Sukerchakia Misl,  by applying saffron paste on his forehead.  

The army of Sukerchakia Misl commanded by young Ranjeet Singh,  achieving an astonishing victory against all odds, that amazed everybody.  The news of the sons victory reached the ailing Mahan Singh who heaved a sigh of relief just before he breathed his last in 1792. .  

Once while on a hunting expedition, Ranjit Singh was attacked by one of his father's enemies Hashmat Khan, who had old scores to settle with his father. Out of fear Ranjeet Singh's horse stopped in its tracks, and Khan took the opportunity and wounded Ranjit Singh with his sword. In spite of being wounded Ranjeet Singh moved like greased lightning and with a powerful stroke of his sword cut off Khan's head.  

13 year old Ranjeet Singh then picked up the severed head of Hashmat Khan with his spear while on horse back – and this was a tale while would be told a million times from a thousand lips.  

Much later he would demonstrate his prowess in “tent pegging” to the British ladies , ( on popular request ) , by making a soldier hold a lime in his palm. He galloped past at full speed and speared the tiny lime with the sharp tip of his long spear.  All noted that the soldier’s palm was unharmed,  nor was he in a state of fear. The horse was literally an extension of his body.



Thus Ranjeet Singh had demonstrated his prowess as an excellent horseman and skilled fighter at a relatively young age, and his fame spread far and wide. He was a master in guerilla tactics, night attacks with very little men , pursuing withdrawing forces, and  inflicting crushing and morale shattering defeats.

Maharaja Ranjit Singh is included in the list of "Undefeated Military Commanders"


Ranjit Singh mobilized an army of 25,000 men that included Sikhs, Hindus as well as Muslims, and marched towards Lahore .  In the morning of July 7, 1799, Ranjeet Singh breached the  walls of the city, and occupied a large part of it without any resistance.  The Afghan forces and their allies either surrendered or were killed.  

Immediately after taking possession of the city, Ranjeet Singh paid an visit to the Badshahi Mosque, to pay his respects, a gesture that won the hearts of the Muslims of the City. Thus Ranjeet Singh at the age of 21 was crowned the Maharajah of the Punjab on April 12, 1801. The coronation being conducted by Sahib Singh Bedi, a descendant of Guru Nanak Dev, the founder of the Sikh religion. 

Ranjit Singh made Lahore the capital of his kingdom. In 1802, he took control of the holy city of Amritsar. The following years he spent fighting the Afghans and driving them out of the Punjab. He then embarked on a campaign of conquest, capturing Pashtun territory that included Peshawar, the province of Multan in southern Punjab, Jammu and Kashmir, and the hill states north of Anandpur Sahib, the largest of which was  Kangra. 

He extended his territories upto Ladakh and China. Maharajah Ranjeet Singh was a devout Sikh, but opted for a secular form of government where equal opportunities were provided for all irrespective of religion

The maharajah had a harem of 46 wives. These could  be segregated into 4 classes.  Firstly  9 of his wives he had married in the orthodox Sikh manner. These wives were considered a cut above other wives. Ranjit Singh also married 9 rich widows by what in Sikh custom is called casting the Chaddar ( blanket) over them. 

The Chaddar is a peculiar custom in the Punjab where a widow is married to the man who casts a ‘Chaddar’ on the woman after which she becomes his wife.  Ranjit had 9 such attractive widows as wives.  He also had a third category of courtesan wives who were all Muslim. . The remaining were gorgeous women whom he had fancied and were concubines. Fakir Nuruddin, the Home Minister, was  incharge of Maharaja’s palaces and the harem.

The Maharajah was not averse to going to war to capture a beautiful woman or princess. In 1804 he learnt of the beauty of 2 daughters Guddan and Raj Banso  of Raja Sansar Chand of Kangra.  He wished to marry them and sent his marriage proposal. 

The Raja turned it down as he could not agree both his daughters marrying the same man—and that too ugly by Rajput standards.  Ranjit mounted an expedition and defeated Raja Sansar Chand.  He married both the princesses at Jwalalmukhi, a holy place 30 km from Kangra.  Jwalalmukhi has one of the most holy temples of Hinduism dedicated to the ‘Goddess of Light.  

Ranjit Singh spent the wedding night servicing these two girls on the same bed till morning, fortified with aphrodisiacs.  Guddan and Rani Raj Banso, the daughters of Raja Sansar Chand were the most stately , dignified and charming women in the Maharajah's entire harem.

Much later one of these Rajput sisters , Maharani Mahtab Devi Sahiba ( Guddan ) who refused to marry this ugly pock faced man ,  would hold his head in her lap and calmly burn herself ( sati ) on her husband’s , Ranjit Singh’s funeral pyre.  Eleven of his wives would burn themselves.  

His youngest wife, who was also his 9th regular wife, Maharani Jindan Kaur did not commit Sati,  saying she had a 10-month old baby Duleep Singh to feed and look after.  

Probably she had future royal designs for him . 

One of the dancing girls girls called Kaulan (Lotus) was given seven villages as jagir, but despite this wealth she was one of the ladies who committed sati on Ranjit Singh’s pyre.

Today, the ashes of these eleven wives are placed in tiny urns, surrounding the large marble urn, in the shape of a lotus, containing Maharajah Ranjeet Singh's ashes, in the center of the tomb, the Samadhi of Ranjeet Singh, at Lahore.



Ranjit was also fond of dance and music. He had collected a troupe of 125 dancing girls from his kingdom as dancers. The girls were chosen from about the age of 14-16 and retired at 25 after which they were given to the courtiers of Ranjit Singh or the foreign generals who served in Ranjit’s army as a reward. The favorite girls dancer was a drop dead beautiful girl named ‘Billoo’ ( Bashiran ) who Ranjit loved passionately because of her blue eyes.  

Carried away by the lifestyle of Lahore, the mercenary Jewish Italian General Jean Baptist Ventura, one of the foreign commanders of Ranjit Singh’s army, too kept 50 dancing girls!  The elite of the ‘Lahore Darbar’ all were measured by the quality of their harem, for it depicted their power and prestige.

The sheer number of courtesans in Lahore in the Sikh era has never been rivalled. They were interested in the arts, in music, in the finest things in life. With the coming of the British, bringing women to sell in Lahore was banned and all women living outside the wedlock as courtesans and keeps were asked to leave the city. Many then decided to marry their masters. 

Ranjit Singh had heard of a legendary horse named As-i-Leila. This horse belonged to Dost Mohammed or Yaar Mohammed who were the chiefs of the Orakazi Muslim tribes. The horse was a black stallion of Persian origin. When Ranjit Singh heard of the horse he demanded it from Yaar Mohammed. On his refusal he ordered General Jean Baptist Ventura to mount an offensive against the Tribes. 

In 1830 Yaar Mohammed was defeated by Ventura who threatened to behead him in case the horse was not handed over to his lord and Master Ranjit Singh. Later Yar Mohammed himself was killed by his tribesmen and Ranjit Singh anointed his brother as the chief. The horse was carried to Lahore in a special wagon and escorted by a large contingent of him Sikh army

One of Ranjit Singh’s favoured queens, was Moran, ( Gul Bahar begum ) a dancing girl of Amritsar, with whom he fell passionately in love at first sight when he was just twenty-two in 1832..  Ranjit Singh accepted all the conditions of  Moran’s father to marry her as per custom of the courtesan’s family.  

Moran had had danced before British Governor General, Lord William Bentinck, at Ropar in October 1831.   She rode with the Maharaja on the same elephant, sat in the darbar without veil , while she fondled Ranjit Singh.. Ranjit Singh went to see Moran on arrival in Amritsar, rather than first paying his respects at the Darbar Sabib, as a consequence of which he had to face the wrath of the jathedar of the Akal Takht.  



He subsequently visited the Golden Temple in an act of contrition for marrying a lady whose status did not match his own.   Akali Phula Singh reprimanded Maharaja Ranjit Singh and he presented himself at the Akal Takhat to receive the ‘tankhah’ imposed by the Jathedar, by baring his back to receive the lashes.  



Much later the British agents of Rothschild operating in Lahore in those days chose to operated through Moran , causing him 4 strokes , the last one final.  Unfortunately Ranjit Singh never suspected Moran and even got gold coins struck in her name, samples of which can be seen even today in the Lahore Museum.. She had the ability to extract state secrets from Ranjit Singh while having sex.

When Moran died, the Ranjit Singh decided to favour another courtesan by the name of Jugnoo Begum. She was a very beautiful woman, but did not have the wit of Mooran, and soon the maharaja found her boring. He then found another beauty from Amritsar, a woman Moran had once predicted would win his heart one day.  

Her name was Gul Begum, and the proud Gul demanded that he not touch her before he walked bare-foot from Lahore to Amritsar to wed her. The maharaja knew well that she would not bend, and so he did as Gul Begum had demanded.  It was Gul Begum who looked after the maharaja when he fell ill.  She smiled as she sat in the pyre in which Ranjit Singh was cremated. So looks like his barefoot walk did some magic.

His consumption of alcohol mixed with crushed pearls was excessive and would contribute to his early death.  Emily Eden (sister of Lord Auckland, the then governor general of India) wrote, “Ranjit produced some of his wine, a sort of liquid fire, that none of our strong spirits approach and, in general, Europeans cannot swallow more than a drop of it.”

Among the more important of his regular wives married according to Sikh customs, were Mehtab Kaur of the Kanhia Misl, the daughter of Rani Sada Kaur, whom he married, when he was 16 years old, in the year 1796.  

Rani Mehtab Kaur gave birth to three sons; the eldest Ishar Singh died young at 1½years of age. The second and third sons were twins, Sher Singh and Tara Singh.  Sher Singh was the strongest claimant to the throne after Maharajah Ranjeet Singh, being the eldest surviving son of the senior most wife of the king.  

Ranjit Singh’s mother did NOT get along with the mother ( Sada Kaur ) of his wife Mehtab Kaur.  Mehtab Kaur was a vain and haughty woman.  Sada Kaur took her daughter Mehtab Kaur away with her, where two princes Sher Singh and Tara Singh were born, who thus lived away from their father.  Ranjit Singh killed his mother on sensing infidelity to his dead father. Nobody writes or talks about this.

His second wife was Raj Kaur of Nakai Misl, the daughter of Khazan Singh Nakai, whom he married in 1798, at the age of 18 years.  Rani Raj Kaur gave birth to a son Kharak Singh in 1801 who became the heir-apparent to Maharajah Ranjeet Singh, being the Maharajah's eldest son. 

Prince Kharak Singh was  was utterly lacking in ambition and worldly sense. Though he was trained as heir-apparent and was sent on some military expeditions, his real interest lay in reading the Granth and sitting in the company of holy men. On top of that he was addicted to Opium.

Ranjit Singh’s passionate love for horses can be judged from the fact that he had more than 1200 horses in his stable, 1000 reserved for him personally. Riding was his favourite exercise. Whenever he was burdened with private or state matters, he would abruptly call for a horse, saddled, bridled and go for a long ride. The vanity he lacked about his own appearance was made up in appearance of his horses. They were decked in most expensive and gorgeous trappings. 



Famous were Gauharbar, Sufaid Pari, Laili – all of Persian breed. There is a fairy tale-like story about Laili for which many expeditions were made and it cost him sixty lakhs of rupees and 1200 soldiers!  He used to take pride of this possession and exhibit to his foreign visitors.

Another marvel was his bungalow on wheels – decorated, furnished and pulled by eight mighty and richly caparisoned elephants.

One of these horses would be his undoing. His Jewish Romanian chemist, Dr. John Martin Honigberger ,  who was responsible for mixing his gunpowder, infected the leg of his favourite horse causing an ulcer. 

Below: Honigberger 



He got into the good books of Ranjit Singh by offering to cure the horse and injected the anti-dote of whatever he had infected the leg with. Later he assumed the role of Ranjit Singh’s personal doctor. He was responsible for preparing all these aphrodisiac potions with crushed pearls . He treated the Maharaja by dispensing “Dulcamara” in wine and galvanic cell electric shocks.

This Romanian Jew was an agent of Rothschild.   He took his orders from Rothschild’s personal homeopathy doctor, the German Jew Dr Friedrich Samuel Hahnemann, who is known as “the father of Homeopathy” ( sic ).  

Below:- Hahnemann


Dr. John Martin Honigberger had scrounged around in India for ancient vedic homeopathy texts , which he delivered to his boss in Paris in 1834. The fact that water holds memory is written in our vedic texts .  What the hell is “tirtham” and the holy water in a Maharishi's lota?

Following the July Revolution of 1830 that saw Louis Philippe come to power in France , James de Rothschild put together the loan package to stabilize the finances of the new government and a huge second banking loan in 1834— all wealth stolen from India.  In gratitude for his services to the nation, Louis Philippe elevated him to a grand officer of the Legion of Honor.

Here is the golden throne of Ranjit Singh. He was a simple man and did NOT sit on it too often. Even when he sat on it, it was in a cross legged fashion.




Ranjit singh was led into the Treaty of Amritsar in 1809,  by Rothschild.

The British though they were being very smart.  They would make the fierce Ranjit Singh’s Sikh kingdom of Punjab act as a buffer between the marauding Muslims of Afghanistan and themselves.  They would allow his to vacuum and squirrel away wealth from the Mughal remnants –a long and dirty job. And one fine day Rothschild would swipe away this nice heap of wealth—just like what they did to Tipu Sultan in 1799.

In between Rothschild’s French Generals would hold the key member of the Sikh darbar in their vice grip, by bribes , as their hidden agents.

Maharaja Ranjit Singh out thought the British. This is why this man must be admired..

He knew that as long as the Sikhs, Rajputs, Hindus and Muslims people bond together –without the British playing dirty “divide and rule” tactics , as they did in the rest of India, he would be just fine. His army would be too hard to beat, in a one on one fight.  To keep the bonding alive he treated Sikhs, Muslims, Rajputs and Hindus subjects alike. He never discriminated.

So he agreed to sign the Treaty of Amritsar of 1809. This would be an insurance policy as far as British attacks were concerned.

This treaty was signed by Mr. Charles Theophilus Metcalfe on behalf of British Government , whose Governor General was Lord Minto , and Maharaja Ranjit Singh at Amritsar on April 25, 1809.  Charles Theophilus Metcalfe was born in Calcutta in January 1785 and he was the son of Thomas Theophilus Metcalfe who was appointed by Rothschild as the Director of the British East India Company. 

Below: Charles Metcalfe


He was only 23 years old when he was appointed envoy to the court of Maharajah Ranjit Singh, as Rothchild’s hawk’s eye. This was a very young age to be given such a huge responsibility. Later in life Charles Metcalfe would be acting Governor-General of India.

The Text of the Treaty:Treaty with the Rajah of Lahore - 1809

Whereas certain differences which had arisen between the British Government and the Rajah of Lahore have been happily and amicably adjusted, and both parties being anxious to maintain the relations of perfect amity and-concord, the following Articles of treaty, which shall be binding on the heirs and successors of the two parties, have been concluded by Rajah Runjeet Sing on his own part, and by the agency of Charles Theophilus Metcalfe, Esquire, on the part of the British Government.

Article 1. Perpetual friendship shall subsist between the British Government and the State of Lahore. The latter shall be considered, with respect to the former, to be on the footing of the most favoured powers; and the British Government will have no concern with the territories and subjects of the Rajah to the northward of the Sutlej.

Article 2. The Rajah will never maintain in the territory occupied by him and his dependents .on the left bank of the River Sutlej, more troops than are necessary for the internal duties of that territory, nor commit or suffer any encroachments on the possessions or rights of the Chiefs in its vicinity.

Article 3. In the event of a violation of any of the preceding Articles,
or of a departure from the rules of friendship on the part of either State, this Treaty shall be considered to be null and void.

Article 4. This Treaty, consisting of four Articles, having been settled and concluded at Amritsar, on the 25th day of April, 1809, Mr. Charles Theophilus Metcalfe has delivered to the Rajah of Lahore a copy of the same, in English and Persian, under his seal and signature, and the said Rajah has delivered another copy of the same, under his seal and signature; and Mr. Charles Theophilus Metcalfe engages to procure, within the space of two months, a copy of the same duly ratified by the Right Honourable the Governor-General in Council, on the receipt of which by the Rajah, the present Treaty shall be deemed complete and binding on both parties, and the copy of it now delivered to the Rajah shall be returned.

Seal and signature of
C.T. METCALFE

Signature and seal of
RAJAH RUNJEET SING

Company's 'Seal MINTO (Sd)
Ratified by the Governor-General in Council on 30th May, 1809.

This treaty though would put a limit on extending the Sikh kingdom to the south, already occupied by the British, it would in theory allow expansion to the North and West without any interference from the British. This rough terrain was where all the Mughal treasures were , including the Kohinoor diamond, originally stolen from India.




The British kept low , even after Ranjit Singh vacuumed all the wealth from the North West areas , including the Kohinoor diamond and kept it in a nice pile.  They would at the right time murder him by inducing a stroke by putting extra crushed pearls in his daily aphrodisiac drink,  he got addicted to.   

Addiction was achieved by adding opium in increasing quantities.  

The stoke would be achieved by clogging his kidneys with crushed pearls.  This potion was prepared daily by the Romanian Jew quack doctor.  

Once Ranjit Singh was out of the way they would drive an irreversible wedge between the Rajputs and the Sikhs by making the gullible Sikhs suspect the loyal Rajput members of Ranjit Singh’s inner darbar and army.

Sir Lepel Griffin a British propaganda mouthpiece for Rothschild wrote “There are perhaps no characters in Punjab history more repulsive than Rajputs Dhian Singh and Gulab Singh Dogra “.  


Nothing is further than the truth , as both these loyal men were handpicked by Ranjit Singh himself-- and Ranjit Singh has the capability to gauge men.  

A distraught Prime Minister Dhian Singh nearly jumped into the funeral pyre of Ranjit Singh, and he was held back by force.   Gulab Singh's own son Udam Singh was killed along with Naunihal Singh while returning from the funeral of his father Maharaja Kharak Singh.   

Dhian Singh , the blood brother of Gulab Singh , too was badly injured .  Naunihal was a great leader at a young age, and he had the potential to be even greater than Ranjit Singh.

Below Dhian Singh





It was the Rothschild's British agents who collapsed the stone archway over the passing elephant. They did this to drive a wedge between Rajputs and Sikhs. 


In Sikh history Dhian Singh is Ram,  Gulab Singh is Lakshman and Tej singh is Ravan.  

See how Rothschild monopolized encyclopedias, media , historians , movie and TV , have converted Ram to Ravan and vice versa, in a disgraceful manner. 

They never anticipated an Internet age, right?




The purpose of this blog site is to reverse such white lies , as I have told from the outset.



Lepel's son  Sir Lancelot Cecil Lepel Griffin later would be appointed by Rothschild as the last political secretary of British India.

Even today the naïve Sikhs think that Dhian Singh and Gulab Singh are the real culprits for the astonishing disintegration of the mighty Sikh empire. 



None of them even know that such a Jew owner of British East India Company by the name of Rothschild exists. 


The King of England never dared to cross Rothschild, as he held the money.



When Rothschild, the owner of British East India Company, who grew opium in India and sold it in China,  screamed at the King or Queen of England to jump , they never dared to ask WHY?



They only whispered  “ How high , Sir?” 


Now let me tell how Ranjit Singh got his hands on the fabulous Kohinoor diamond.

Lord Krishna received this diamond called Syamantakam from his father in law Jambavan as  dowry in 4100 BC.



It passed through many hands over the years.

Nadir Shah was assassinated and the Kohinoor diamond fell into the hands of Ahmad Shah Abdali, one of his ablest generals, who later became the King of Afghanistan.  After his death in 1772, the Koh-i-noor diamond passed into the hands of his successors.

In the battle for succession that followed, the Koh-i-noor ended in possession of one of his sons Shah Shuja Mirza. In the changing fortunes of war, Shuja Mirza was defeated and made prisoner by the allies of his brother, Mahmud Shah.  



However, before being captured, he managed to send his family to Punjab to seek refuge with Maharaja Ranjit Singh .  Wafa Begum, Shuja Mirza’s wife, carried the Koh-i-noor diamond with her to Lahore. Wafa Begum became greatly distressed when she heard the dreadful news of her husband. She sent envoys to Ranjit Singh and implored him to use his influence to get her husband released and in return for his help promised him the Koh-i-noor diamond.  

Ranjit Singh marched against the Afghans and got Shah Shuja released.  After securing the Koh-i-noor diamond, Ranjit Singh had the prized jewel fitted in his turban. Later he had it sewn into an armlet, which he wore on all the important state occasions, where it remained for twenty years.

Before Ranjit Singh died in 1839, his priests tried to get him to donate the diamond to the Temple of Jaggannath.  Apparently he agreed, but by this time he was unable to speak due to a stroke , and the keeper of the royal treasure refused to release the stone, on the grounds that he has not received such orders.

Kohinoor signed away to queen Victoria in 1849 by 11 year old boy King Duleep Singh while in exile.  As a reward he could play with the royal kids in London.

The terms of the treaty, at the end of the Second Anglo-Sikh War specified that: "The gem called Koh-I-noor, which was taken from Shah Shuja-ul-Mulk by Maharajah Ranjit Singh shall be surrendered by the Maharajah of Lahore to the Queen of England.

John Lawrence, the colonial administrator, put it in his waistcoat pocket and forgot about it. When asked for the prize, Lawrence had no idea where it was. Racing home, he asked his servant- who said, yes, he had found a small box, containing a piece of glass in his master’s waistcoat!

After gaining the famous diamond, the Governor General, Lord Dalhousie immediately sent the Koh-i-noor to England after taking every care to ensure its safe passage over the land and the sea-routes.

On 6 April 1850 the Koh-i-noor left the shores of India on board of the HMS Medea.  So shrouded in mystery was its departure that even the Captain of the Medea did not know the precious cargo his ship carried. It was delivered to Sir J. W. Logg, Deputy Chairman of the British East India Company, who presented the diamond to Her Majesty, Queen Victoria, in the presence of Sir John Hobhouse, at Buckingham Palace on July 3 1850.



Prince Albert hired stupid "experts" at Coster Diamonds in Amsterdam to cut the diamond into a brilliant, reducing it by up to 43% of its original size, which made it lose its natural divine moonlight blue glow. 


Probably they tried to get rid of the curse attached to the diamond. Little do the British know that their great empire went into decline and the mental acquity of their people eroded ( MAD COW )  as a result of the curse of the Kohinoor.

Such great stones cannot be mined but are found on riverbeds in their natural state.  6100 years ago a slave stole it from Lord Krishna when he was sleeping.

Edward VIII , abdicated the throne to his brother King George VI ( Ruler of India ) within 362 days . George was a misfit, terribly shy with a stutter. He would cry and was prone to melancholy. His English subjects never knew that he could NOT speak without a endless stammer.  This suited Rothschild , as he could conduct 2nd World War to carve out the state of Israel, as he wanted , with Winston Churchill whose Jewish mother Jenny Jerome, was of Rothschild blood.
  
King George’s wife  Elizabeth ( present queen’s Elizabeth II’s mother ) was very shrewd and managed all affairs with an iron will. She got the great Kohinoor diamond stolen from India for her own crown , and was most of the time sozzled on leg bucklin' ZAZA ( this is 30% gin and 70% dubonnet --neat-- with a slice of lime ).




Maharaja Gulab Singh came from a distinguished Dogra-Rajput Royal lineage, unlike Ranjit Singh who was a commoner.  Gulab Singh was a  Ikshvaku Surya Vansi   blue blooded Rajput, one of the most ancient and respected lineages of India . Lord Rama is the 'kuldevta' (family deity) of the Dogras.

Gulab Singh Dogra and was born on October 21, 1792 to Kishore Singh, whose grandfather was the brother of the illustrious king of Jammu namely, Raja Ranjit Dev.  

In his childhood Gulab Singh was sent by his father for martial training to his grandfather Zorawar Singh, who was one of the most ferocious  tough warriors of this planet.

Gulab Singh learnt martial arts at a very young age, and in course matured into a great soldier. In a single combat Ranjit Singh with one eye, stood no chance against Gulab Singh on foot or on horse.  

Maharaja Ranjit Singh had dispatched Bhai Hukma Singh (Chimni) to annex Jammu in the year 1808.  A young and reckless 16 year old Gulab Singh ( without informing his grandfather ) quietly joined in the battle and due to the astonishing resistance put forward by him and his small group against the superior Sikh forces,  the Sikh forces were forced to withdraw to Saidgarh.  

Eventually,Maharaja Ranjit Singh sent re-inforcements and was able to annex Jammu to his Sikh empire.  Bhai Hukma Singh was greatly impressed by the outstanding leadership and exceptional fighting abilities of this young prince Gulab Singh and told about this to Maharaja Ranjit Singh.  

In in the year 1809 Maharaja Ranjit Singh invited Gulab Singh to Daska a village situated a few miles from Sialkot and personally requested him to join his army.  Ultimately due to the services rendered and loyalty displayed by Gulab Singh, Maharaja Ranjit Singh made Gulab Singh, the Raja of Jammu.  

Any other vested version by British and Sikh historians is wrong, and was written more to make the Sikhs hate the Rajpiuts, and break their alliance.  

Ranjit Singh was NOT the type to be arm twisted against his better judgement.

The widow of Kharak Singh, Mai Chand Kaur was crowned as the reagent thereafter on 2nd December, 1840 and she retained the able , wise and loyal Dhian Singh as her prime minister.  Unfortunately soon Mai Chand Kaur and the son of Maharaja Ranjit Singh (from Mehtab Kaur), namely Sher Singh came into conflict due to a Rothschild conspiracy and Mai Chand Kaur abdicated and Sher Singh was declared as the Maharaja. 

Mai Chand Kaur was poisoned and then stoned to death by her maid servants on 11 June, 1842. Though historians say that , Mai Chand Kaur was put to death by the orders of Maharaja Sher Singh, it is well known that this was again a British conspiracy—to divide the Sikhs into various warring camps.

Soon enough Maharaja Sher Singh along with his son Prince Pratap Singh and Dhian Singh were also killed by the Sikh Chiefs, the Sandhanwalias on 15th September 1843 after being bribed by the British.

The British official Joseph Davey Cunningham, residing in Ludhiana during that period circulated the propaganda that Maharaja Sher Singh was killed by Dhian Singh and then the Sandhanwalias killed Raja Dhian Singh. 

The gullible Sikhs got confused and angry and nobody trusted a Rajput or even a fellow Sikh. Poison was indeed injected in the simple minds of the Sikhs. How quickly the Sikhs forgot the loyal services of Dhian Singh.

Retribution would be quick. The son of Dhian Singh ( and nephew of Maharaja Gulab Singh) aided by his uncle Suchet Singh took revenge on the Sandhanwalia chiefs.  The Sandhanwalia culprits Ajit Singh, Lehna Singh and about 600 of their gang were mercilessly put to the sword by the tough Rajputs. 

Interestingly when the widow of Dhian Singh heard that her son had avenged the murder (in the true Rajput tradition) of his father she mentioned to her son ,"I will tell your father that you acted as a brave and a dutiful son", and she committed Sati.  Dhian Singh’s son Hira Singh, was handsome, wise and brave and was a favourite of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

The British who were looking for an opportunity to seize the territories of the late Maharaja Ranjit Singh were obviously delighted. Lord Ellenborough the Governor General of India during that period wrote to her Majesty Queen Victoria on October 20, 1843, "...it is impossible not to preceive that the ultimate tendency of the late events at Lahore is without, any effort on our part, to bring the plains first, and at somewhat later period the hills, under our protection or control."



After this the youngest wife Maharani Jindan Kaur crowned her son Duleep Singh as the Maharaja on September 18, 1843.  Hira Singh , the son of the slain Shian Singh who was made the prime minister.

Hira Singh was killed on December 21, 1844, along with his relatives, another of Rothchild’s conspiracies – for Hira Singh was as wise , loyal and level headed as his father Dhian Singh.  However, brave Hira Singh died after giving a fierce fight.

Maharani Jindan Kaur now made her own sweet brother Jawaher Singh the prime minister . She surprisingly goaded on by her own ambitious brother,  "the son of the dog keeper",  made all efforts were made to beleaguer Raja Gulab Singh. . Eventually a conflict developed between the Lahore Sikh Durbar and Raja Gulab Singh.

Things got from bad to worse and shove became push. Eventually a great battle took place on the plain of the Satwari and the Jammu forces commanded by Diwan Hari Chand routed the Sikhs.  The divide was now complete and the British were very happy.

Remote controlled intrigue  in the Lahore Durbar continued and Jawahar Singh “the ambitious to be king”  commoner brother of Maharani Jindan was killed by the orders of the Panch (military council) for his role in the killing of Prince Peshora Singh one of the sons of the late Maharaja Ranjit Singh. 

Jawahar Singh was beheaded, right in front of Maharani Jindan Kaur and her young son Maharajah Duleep Singh, on September 21, 1845.  The death of her own brother right in front of her eyes, was something too much for the Maharani to bear, who gave vent to her anguish with loud cries of lamentation.

Britain  now declared war on the Sikhs , giving the lame excuse that the Sikhs did NOT allow the passage of the British troops through their territory during the first Afghan War of the 1839-1842.  

The Sikh army commanded by Tej Singh ( appointed by Jindan Kaur ) had crossed the Sutlej on December 11, 1845,  ostensibly to occupy a former Sikh possession, the village of Moran, named after one of Maharajah Ranjeet Singh's favorite Muslim courtesans, on the east side of the river. 

Tej Singh and Lal Singh DELIBERATELY broke the Amritsar Treaty signed by Maharaja Ranjit Singh in 1809.

The British considered this as a hostile move , breaking the Amristar treaty of 1809, and hence declared war.  Tej Singh was bribed by the British to do this.  



Lal Singh the clandestine lover of the Queen Jindan kaur and the army chief Tej were in direct communication with the British, giving away camp and battle positions and tactic .

The cannons would not fire as our Romanian Jew Dr. John Martin Honigberger made sure they would NOT fire.  This was exactly the same modus operandi with Tipu Sultan in 1799, when Rothschild’s  French arm fiddled around with the gunpowder.



Tej Singh led his own dang army to deliberate defeat, during the First Angle Sikh war on December 13th 1845 .  

60,000 ferocious Sikhs who fought their hearts out, could NOT handle 8,000 British , lowering the proud Sikh army morale for ever.  




The British troops showed no mercy and the result was a massacre of thousands of Sikh soldiers.  The Rothschild planted Jewish French and Italian mercenary commanders were involved in this too .


Below Tej Singh.



Tej Singh whilst fleeing the battlefield destroyed bridges and even planted guns on his side of the river to shot any escaping Sikhs!

 — Well, well ! how do you like Rothschild’s conspiracies now?    

All this came to light only in 1857, during the First war of Independence , when the whole of India fought mutinied against the British except the Sikhs. 

YES!  Tej Singh , the traitor  raised Sikh cavalry regiments to aid the British. His scattered Jagirs were consolidated and he was rewarded with the new title Raja of Batala.

Gulab Singh had tried in vain to convince Maharani Jindan to avoid a conflict with the British. Raja Gulab Singh during this conflict took no sides but still had sympathy for the Sikhs and sent them food and animals.  He then left for a pilgrimage to Vaishno Devi and Purmandel.

Maharani Jindan fervently summoned Raja Gulab Singh .  Eventually Raja Gulab Singh, his son Ranbir Singh, nephew Jawahar Singh along with four thousand horsemen and about five thousand Rajputs of his clan left for Lahore. 

On arriving in Lahore Raja Gulab Singh was informed by Maharani Jindan that she had lost control of the affairs of the State.

In the Durbar held on January 31, 1846, Maharani Jindan was cursed by the Panchas . The Punchas mentioned that Maharani Jindan was pushing the Sikh kingdom towards destruction by moving the army across the Sutlej River, against the British. In addition the Panchas also made it clear to Maharani Jindan that they would kill her if she did not make Raja Gulab Singh the prime minister. 

The battles between the Sikhs and the British were not decisive intially but with time the British started to make gains. Eventually on February 10, 1846, Sir Hugh Gough attacked the Sikhs at Sobraon with heavy artillery and the Sikhs suffered bad reverses.  

On accepting the prime ministership, Raja Gulab Singh made it clear he would only continue in this position only if the court officials gave it in written that they would not interfere with his peace efforts with the British.  By now Maharani Jindan who was inexperienced in matters of the state became panicky.

Sir Hugh Gough was supported by Lord Hardinge, the governor-general, who volunteered to serve under him. The Sikhs were overwhelmed and Gulab Singh sued for peace at Lahore.  (The services of Sir Hugh Gough were rewarded by Rothschild and he was elevated to the peerage of the United Kingdom as Baron of Maharajpore and the Sutlej in April 1846.)

Below : Baron Gough



While Raja Gulab Singh continued to be the prime minister he and Lal Singh, the lover of Maharani Jindan Kaur ( and the biological father of Duleep Singh ) did not get along.  Lal Singh  made several attempts were made on the life of Raja Gulab Singh.  Finally Lal Singh forced  Maharani Jindan Kaur to dismiss Gulab Singh and he became Prime Minister on 26 February, 1847.

The British were firm in their demand of two crore rupees from the Lahore Durbar as a fine and also wanted the Doab territory as reparation. 

Eventually the boy king Maharaja Dalip Singh was bought to Lahore for forcing a treaty.

Some of the conditions of the peace treaty that was signed in Lahore between the Lahore Darbar and the British East India Company, on March 9, 1846, soon after the war ended, are as follows :-

1) The Jullundur Doab between the Beas River and the Sutlej River to be surrendered to the British.
2) The Lahore Darbar to pay an indemnity of 15 million (1.5 crore) rupees.
3) Maharajah DULEEP SINGH to continue as ruler of Punjab, with his mother Maharani Jindan Kaur remaining as regent.
4) The Sikh army was greatly reduced in size from its original 80,000 to around 20,000 thousand troops, that set the stage for the second Anglo-Sikh war.
5) The British troops were to be withdrawn from Lahore by the end of the year 1846.

Lal Singh now the Prime Minister could not come up with the money which he was supposed to pay to the British.   A conniving Lal Singh hence decided to kill two birds with one stone and one of the birds being Raja Gulab Singh.  Lal Singh subsequently made an offer to the British that he,  Lal Singh was willing to offer all the hill territory to them between the rivers Sindh and Beas including Kashmir and Hazara in place of rupees one crore.  As this included the territory of Jammu this was indeed a clever way of marginalizing Gulab Singh.  

When Gulab Singh learnt about this he felt  felt double-crossed.  He then met the Governor General to access the situation.  The clever Governor General realized that it was a good thing to have the Rajputs as allies and he knew the loyalty Gulab Singh commanded with Sikhs, Rajputs, Muslims and Hindus.

Eventually after discussions with the British, Raja Gulab Singh sent Diwan Jwala Sahai his confidant to the British with the request that the territory of Jammu be handed over to his dependents for their support, while Raja Gulab Singh would himself lead a retired life in the holy city of Varanasi.

However, it seems that Lord Hardinge had his own plans and informed Diwan Jwala Sahai that he would be willing to hand over the territories lying between the source of Beas including the areas of Kashmir and Hazara to Raja Gulab Singh.   In exchange for these territories Raja Gulab Singh was to pay rupees one crore to the British.  Since Raja Gulab Singh could not come up with this kind of money, hence, he decided to trade some territory on the the right side of the Beas River for less money.  

On receiving this proposal from Raja Gulab Singh, Lord Hardinge wrote the following to a secret committee, "that the trans Beas portion of Kulu and Mandi with the fertile district and strong position of Nurpur and the celebrated fort of Kangra and the key to the Himalayas in native estimation with its districts and its dependencies should be in our possession". Eventually it was accepted that Raja Gulab Singh would pay 75 lakhs to the British for the smaller territory.

On finding out that they had been outwitted and the tables turned on them, Lal Singh and Maharani Jindan dispatched the loyal but wily Kashmiri Brahmin Diwan Dina Nath to Henry Lawrence and Frederic Currie. The aim being to request the British to cancel their deal with Raja Gulab Singh and that they (Lahore Durbar) was willing to pay all the money in order to retain their territory.

As the British were keen to get rid of the volatile Sikh threat to their Empire, hence, they found that the best strategy was to stick with Raja Gulab Singh.  

Eventually Raja Gulab Singh was invited by the Governor General at a camp on March 15, 1846. Following this Raja Gulab Singh was bestowed with the title of a Maharaja and the Treaty of Amritsar was signed between the British and Maharaja Gulab Singh on March 16, 1846.  As a result of this treaty Maharaja Gulab Singh found himself in possession of the State of Jammu and Kashmir.

By Article 1 of the Amritsar Treaty, Gulab Singh acquired "all the hilly or mountainous country with its dependencies situated to the eastward of the River Indus and the westward of the River Ravi including Chamba and excluding Lahul, being part of the territories ceded to the British Government by the Lahore State according to the provisions of Article IV of the Treaty of Lahore, dated 9th March, 1846."

Under Article 3, Gulab Singh was to pay 75 lakhs (7.5 million) of Nanak Shahi rupees (the ruling currency of Punjab) to the British Government, along with other annual tributes.

The Treaty of Amritsar marked the beginning of Dogra rule in Kashmir, which was to end in 1948 after an attack by the Pakistani army which led to Indo-Pakistani War of 1947.

Lord Hardinge gave the following reason for the transfer of Jammu and Kashmir to Maharaja Gulab Singh, " It was necessary last March to weaken the Sikhs by depriving them of Kashmir".

Getting back a bit in time —

Maharajah Ranjeet Singh was succeeded by his eldest son Kharak Singh from his second wife, Raj Kaur, instead of his eldest surviving son Sher Singh by his most senior wife, Mehtab Kaur, daughter of Rani Sada Kaur. The succession caused a lot of bitterness among Ranjit Singh's heirs.  Opium addict ,spiritual and soft, Kharak Singh was not fit and prepared to rule his father's vast empire, and was unable to control the various factions within his kingdom.

Therefore, Kharak Singh's eldest son Nau Nihal Singh, who was just 18 years old took control of the kingdom himself from his father, on October 8, 1839.  Kharak Singh died of poisoning on November 5, 1840, and Nau Nihal Singh was to formally take over as king after his father's death.  However, unfortunately when Nau Nihal Singh was returning from his father's funeral, he was fatally injured by debris from a collapsing archway that smashed his head.  It is not known whether the building collapse was accidental or deliberate.  

Nau Nihal Singh, was succeeded by Sher Singh, the eldest surviving son of Ranjeet Singh by his most senior wife Rani Mehtab Kaur, who was believed by many to be the actual claimant to the throne of the Punjab, after Ranjeet Singh's death.  

Sher Singh's succession did not come automatically. He won the throne only after a protracted siege of the Lahore fort, that was held by the Royal family. He was installed as king, in January 1841, but was himself killed just two years after taking office, in September 1843, together with Prime Minister Dhian Singh in a plot hatched by the Sandhawalias, cousins of Sher Singh. Raja Dian Singh's son .  

Raja Hira Singh, with the support of the army, wiped out the Sandhawalia faction, and captured the fort of Lahore. Then on September 16, 1943, the army proclaimed Ranjeet Singh's youngest son, Duleep Singh who was just five years old, as king, with his mother Jindan Kaur as regent and Dhian Singh’s son Hira Singh was appointed as Wazir.

The Treaty of Bhyroval was intended to tighten the noose on the Punjab, and to supercede the clause of withdrawing  the British troops from Lahore as agreed by the first treaty of Amritsar in 1809 with Maharaja Ranjit Singh.. 


According to this new treaty signed on December 16, 1846, Maharani Jindan Kaur was removed as regent to her son Maharajah Duleep Singh, and replaced by a British Resident in Lahore Sir Henry Lawrence, supported by a Regency Council. This was ironically headed by the traitor Tej Singh, ( the double agent of Rothschild ) the former commander of the Sikh army, who treacherously facilitated the British victory in the first Anglo-Sikh war. The appointment of Tej Singh caused a lot of anger and resentment among the Sikh population.

Below: Sir Henry Lawrence




Meanwhile  the British were waiting for the slightest pretext to separate the mother and the son. The pretext was cooked up  when the boy king refused to confer the title as Raja of Sialkot in Aug 1847, at instigation of his mother Jindan Kaur.  


The British tried to implicate the Maharani  in a conspiracy known as the Premilla Plot, in which Sir Henry Lawrence and Tej Singh were to be murdered at a fete at the Shalimar Gardens.   A sham inquiry held into both incidents  and on the orders of Henry Lawrence, the mother and son were separated, and Maharani Jindan Kaur was sent to the Summan Tower of Lahore Fort, from where she was transferred to the fort at Sheikhurpura, for incarceration in September 1847.  

Whither honour?

Her annual allowance was drastically reduced from Rs 150,000 to a mere Rs. 48,000.  She was then moved to the Fort of Chunar in Uttar Pradesh, from where she escaped to Nepal disguised as a maid-servant, on April 19, 1849.  he fled to the Himalayas disguised as a beggar woman, and moved to Kathmandu, in Nepal, where she was given political asylum by the Prime Minister Jung Bahadur, mainly as a mark of respect to the memory of the late Maharajah Ranjeet Singh. 

The British authorities confiscated all her gold and jewelry, said to be worth around a fortune  which also included the fabulous emerald and seed-pearl necklace, that had been left in the government treasury at Benares, and rescinded her pension.  Maharani Jindan Kaur's exile in Kathmandu, Nepal, lasted for over ten years, until 1860.

The second Anglo-Sikh war began as a localized rebellion on April 18, 1848, in the Muslim dominated Multan in southern Punjab. It was  sparked by the killing of two British officers who accompanied the new governor, General Khan Singh Man to Multan.  This started a rebellion and pent up feelings of the Sikhs spilled over.



Sikh soldiers who escorted the new governor and the British officers from Lahore, defected and joined Mulraj's rebel army.  As news of the rebellion spread, large numbers of Sikh soldiers deserted the regiments loyal to the Lahore Durbar, and joined the rebels under the leadership of Mulraj.  None of the Sikh soldiers were properly paid.



The news of the rebellion reached Lahore on April 21, 1848, and Currie sought for assistance from Governor-General Dalhousie and Hugh Gough, the commander of the Bengal army, to suppress the rebellion at Multan. However, Gough and Dalhousie decided not to send any assistance until the end of the hot weather and the monsoon seasons, which would be in November.

The "Battle of Gujrat" has gone down in the history of British imperialism in India, as the biggest battle in terms of men and weaponry, and came to be known as the "Battle of Guns."  Here also the bribed foreign mercenary commanders of the Sikhs deliberately provided poor leadership allowing the British to slaughter the Sikh army.



The Sikhs fled in confusion, pursued by the cavalry and horse artillery. The battle was over within a few hours. The Sikhs lost more than 5000 men, and the British casualties were less than 100.


Ranjit Singh’s European mercenary generals were:
Jean-François Allard-- French
Jean-Baptiste Ventura – Italian
Paolo Di Avitabile – Italian
Claude August Court – French
Josiah Harlan – American , later governor of Gujrat
Alexander Gardner – American (Scots – Irish)

Mercenaries are a unique breed who have have NIL loyalty to a person.  Their loyalty is to money and “what is in it for me”.. 

On March 14, 1849, the whole Sikh Army of around 22,000 men, surrendered.  "Today our Maharaja Ranjeet Singh is truly dead,"  sighed the brave Sikh soldiers, as they kissed the swords with tears flowing down their cheeks, and laid them down on the ever-enlarging heap of steel.   



On March 29, 1849, Lord Dalhousie proclaimed the annexation of the Punjab.  His foreign secretary, Sir Henry Meirs Elliot, arrived at Lahore to obtain the signatures of the minor king Maharajah Duleep Singh and members of the Regency Council.  

Maharajah Duleep Singh held his last court at Lahore, on March 29, 1849.  A grand Darbar was held in the Lahore Fort, with the British troops lined up on his right, and the Sardars of the Regency Council on the left, the boy king Duleep Singh affixed his royal signatures in great pomp to the document which deprived him of his crown and kingdom. 

It was a poignant sight, even for the British.

After the proclamation of the Punjab, as part of the British Empire in India, on March 29, 1849, the Sikh flag was taken down and the British flag was hoisted on the citadel of Lahore.  Lord Dalhousie assigned Dr. John Login, the important task of taking the Koh-i-Noor and other famous jewels into the safe custody of British officials in Lahore, from the "Toshakana" (jewel house), whose custodian was the treasurer of the Punjab Government.  

The "Toshakana" had the single largest and valuable collection of jewels and jewelry in the world. The court jewels were well preserved either wrapped in soft cloth or secure inside their velvet-lined cases. The most famous and valuable jewels, such as the "Koh-i-Noor" and the "Timur Ruby" were taken into the custody of Dr. John Login, to be sent subsequently to London as "gifts" for Queen Victoria. The British officials were tripping over each other to see the fabled  "Koh-i-Noor Diamond" .

The relevant section of the treaty read tersely as follows :- "The gem called the Koh-i-Noor which was taken from Sha Shuja-ul-Mulk, by Maharajah Ranjeet Singh, shall be surrendered by the Maharajah of Lahore to the Queen of England."

The items were listed in seven printed catalogues, and the sales took place over five successive days, from 28th November 1850 to 2nd December 1850.  Some of the jewels were boxed in Bombay, by Frazer and Hawes, and sent to London, where they were sold by Garrards.

Maharajah Duleep Singh was eleven years old at the time he was deposed by the British on March 29, 1849.  He was entrusted to the care of Dr. John Login,  by Governor-General Dalhousie.  Dr. Login took Duleep Singh from Lahore to Fatehgarh, in Uttar Pradesh, on December 21, 1849, “in order to keep the boy away from the influences of the Punjab” , his former kingdom.

He was provided lavishly furnished houses in Fategarh and also in Lucknow, where he spent his remaining days in India, before being exiled to Britain in 1854.   Thus he spent almost five years in India after he was deposed, before being exiled to Britain.   During this period he came under the tutelage of both Dr. Login and Bhajan Lal, a Christian convert, both of whom exposed the poor boy to a lot of Christian text and literature.   

Governor-General Dalhousie had instructed Dr. Login, that the boy should be completely anglicized and “civilized” before he was sent to Britain to see Queen Victoria.  It was in keeping with these instructions that Duleep Singh was raised in complete isolation from his own countrymen and tight restrictions were placed on who he was allowed to meet.  No Indians except trusted servants, were allowed to meet him in private.  

Duleep Singh's closest childhood friends were both English, one the child of an Anglican missionary.  The child's brain-washing was  complete before he attained his 15th birthday, and he was converted to Christianity, at Fatehgarh, with the blessings of Governor-General Dalhousie.  He was then exiled to Britain in 1854.

His early years in the United Kingdom, until his settlement in Scotland, where he earned the nickname "Black Prince of Perthshire"

Duleep Singh arrived in England in 1854, and was initially lodged at Claridge's Hotel in London, before the Rothschild arranged a house for him in Wimbledon and later at Roehampton, which became his home for 3 years. Queen Victoria adopted him as a godson, and showered a lot of fake affection on the young turbaned Maharajah, so did the Prince consort, Prince Albert.  The young prince became well known for his lavish life style, hunting trips and a love for wearing the funny Scottish highland costume.

 In spite of the luxurious life that he was leading in the United Kingdom, Duleep Singh was well aware that he was a virtual prisoner in the hands of his British hosts.  His separation from his beloved mother traumatized him , and he  was desperate to see his mother, and be re-united with her.  

In 1860, Duleep Singh secretly sent one of his native attendants to Kathmandu to get some  information about his mother.  A report was sent to England through the British Resident in Nepal that, Maharani Jindan Kaur had changed over the years and was now blind and physically weak, taking little interest in her surroundings, and what was going on around her.
  
Ranjeet Singh immediately made a fervent appeal to Queen Victoria for permission to see his mother, and if circumstances permitted to bring her back to England to reside with him. The Queen granted permission after consulting Rothschild . It was determined that the Maharani no longer posed a serious threat to British interests in India. 

The Nepalese Government which had been on a confrontational course with the Maharani, imposing humiliating restrictions on her under British pressure, were happy to get rid of her and facilitated the meeting by appealing on her behalf. The Maharani herself was tired of her exile and isolation, and the indignity she had been made to suffer during the 10 years of her exile in Nepal, and was longing to re-unite with her only son. 

The meeting was arranged in Calcutta at the Spence's Hotel. Duleep Singh set sail to Calcutta in late 1860, and the Maharani was taken overland from Kathmandu to  Spence's Hotel in Calcutta. The meeting took place in January 1861, and the mother and son were re-united for the first time in 13½years (1848 to 1861). It was an emotional moment for both the mother and son.


Duleep Singh set sail to England with his mother from Calcutta. Duleep Singh found her mother almost blind and suffering from poor health, although she was relatively young, and only 43 years old.  Her premature aging was caused by trauma, her long years of isolation and incarceration.

Duleep Singh returned to London with his sick mother, and took a house in Bayswater. He stayed there with his mother Maharani Jindan Kaur for the next two years. Lady Login noted changes in Duleep Singh's behavior ever since he returned to London with his mother. For the first time she heard him talking about his vast private property in Punjab, information that only his mother could have given him.  

The Maharani during her long conversations with her son seem to have reawakened her son's true faith and royal heritage, telling him stories of all that had been lost to the British.  The Logins were worried about the Maharani's influence on her son, and tried to persuade Duleep Singh to find his mother a separate house. But, Duleep Singh would not listen to the Logins, for fear of hurting her mother's sentiments..

Maharani Jindan Kaur passed away in Kensington , England on 1st Auh 1863, at the age of 46 and her body is moved to the Dissenters Chapel, until it could be taken to India for cremation.

The passing away of his beloved mother was a terrible blow to Duleep Singh, and he felt orphaned in his country of adoption, with no relatives or friends from his own country. According to Sikh traditions the Maharani's body had to be cremated and her ashes scattered in a river. But cremation was not allowed under English law at that time. Thus with the intervention of John Login the Maharani's body was moved to the Dissenters Chapel at Kensal Green Cemetery, until such time that it could be taken to India for the last rites. 

At a simple funeral ceremony held at Kensal Green, Duleep Singh addressed the small gathering of mourners, that included a number of Indian dignitaries and the Maharani's retinue that she had brought with her, in his native language Punjabi. Her body was kept at Kensal Green for almost an year, before permission was granted to take the body to India for cremation, which had been her dying wish.

Maharani Jindan Kaur's body was cremated by the banks of the Godavari river, and the ashes scattered in the river, and part of the ashes entombed in a Samadhi built by the river.

Duleep Singh accompanied his mother's body to India in 1864, but he was not given permission to take the body to Punjab. A small memorial containing part of her ashes was erected on the left bank of the Godavari river.

Below" Samadhi of Maharaja Ranjit Singh at Lahore



In 1924, Maharani Jindan Kaur's granddaughter Princess Bamba Sutherland, carried her ashes from Bombay to Lahore and deposited it at the "Samadhi" of Ranjeet Singh, fulfilling the death wish of her grandmother.



The fabulous Emerald and Seed Pearl Necklace of Maharani Jindan Kaur was sold at the Bonham's auction of October 8, 2009, for a sum of only £55,200.  It was well known that the king sized dazzling green emeralds were replaced by ones of lesser fire by Rothschild.




The velvet-lining on the lid of the case carried the following inscription in English :- "From the Collection of the Court of Lahore formed by HH The Maharajah Rungeet Singh and lastly worn by Her Highness The Late Maharanee Jeddan Kower."(sic!)

Jindan Kaur re-converted Duleep Singh to Sikhism, and then petitioned the British Crown to have his kingdom returned.  He never received any justice or the respect he deserved.  He died in 1893, in Paris, France.

When Duleep returned from burying his mother in India he was introduced to a honey pot Bamba Muller by Rothschild’s agents—half German Jew and half Ethiopian. It is rumored that this girl was of Rothschild blood on her father’s side.  She was an illegitimate girl who was working at a missionary school in Cairo.  He brought her back to England as his wife and they lived a life of luxury and were known to Queen Victoria.  

Bamba Sutherland was their first child, and was named after her mother, her maternal grandmother and her paternal grandmother respectively. The name "Bamba" means pink in Arabic.  In 1924 permission was finally given  for Jindan Kaur’s  ashes to be buried in Lahore.  It was Princess Bamba Sutherland who supervised their transfer from Bombay where they had been placed when her father Duleep Singh visited India.  

Bamba Sutherland was widowed in Lahore when her husband died in 1939. She was the last survivor of a royal family who should have owned the Punjab.  When she died on 10 March 1957 at the age of 89, her funeral was arranged by United Kingdom Deputy High Commissioner in Lahore.  

The rites were witnessed by a few select Pakistani dignitaries. The Pakistani authorities did not allow any of her distant relatives to attend, Sikh or Hindu, nor were any Sikhs in Pakistan allowed to attend her rites. Thus no Sikh was present at Princess Bamba's funeral, the last of Dalip Singh's line.  So much for Muslim and Christian mentality.  She was NOT a terrorist.

Like I said before Duleep Singh’s  first wife was Bamba Muller, by whom he had six children, three boys and three girls. After the death of his first wife in 1887,  Duleep Singh, took his second wife Ada Douglas Wetherill, by whom he had two children, both girls.

As the last surviving member of the dynasty,  Bamba Sutherland left a large quantity of important historical items to her secretary, Pir Karim Bakhsh Supra of Lahore. The collection consists of eighteen paintings, fourteen watercolours, 22 paintings on ivory and a number of photos and other articles. The collection was sold to the Pakistan government and it is kept in Lahore Fort. It is known as the Princess Bamba Collection.

A translation of the Persian epitaph on her gravestone has been translated as:
The difference between royalty and servility vanishes
The moment the writing of destiny is encountered
If one opens the grave of a dead
None would be able to discern rich from poor



The Pakistanis could NOT avoid sarcasm even on the tombstone -- such is the lack of culture!.  

In his memoirs Karl Wilhelm referred to Princess Bamba Sutherland as – “ the true heiress of Maharaja Ranjit Singh' .  For she was most conscious of the actual desperate situation of the whole family. She considered the Punjab and Kashmir as the lost possession of her family and was absolutely furious when the border between Pakistan and India was drawn right across the Punjab.”

In Princess Bamba's eyes, Pakistan or India did not exist, there was just the Punjab and its capital Lahore.  She met distant relatives throughout her travels in India, trying to have one last glimpse of the glory that she was denied.  In her mind she was the legitimate Queen of the glorious Sikh empire of Punjab.

Like I said before none of Duleep Singh’s children has any issue.  All the children , boy and girl , were made sterile in a covert manner — such is the sordid tale of  British intrigue and treachery.  

British justice!! – say again?

There was an incident of a young tiger cub being caught by shikaris.  When Maharaja Ranjit Singh came to know that the mother tiger was running around in search of her cub, and moaning all night, he ordered it to be released to join the tigeress.



Maharaja Ranjit Singh died at Lahore on June 27, 1839.   At the time of his death, he ruled over an area of one lakh, forty five thousand square miles.  But what is significant is that for the first time in a thousand years, he reversed the traditional direction of attacks on India and also laid down fresh frontiers for her.  Attacking armies started to push northwards instead of pressing south as heretofore. The northern boundary of Pakistan today is, to an inch, the same as the boundary of the Sikh kingdom

Here is a British account of Maharaja Ranjit Singh’s last journey--

When Ranjit Singh died, his body was bathed with fragrant waters, embalmed and then dressed in rich clothes and decorated with ornaments as when he was alive.  The sacred Bhagwad Gita was placed on the Maharaja’s chest and, Dhian Singh, having touched the body of his royal master and the book, swore loyalty to the new Maharaja Kharak Singh.

The Maharaja’s body was placed on a decorated pier (Hawan) shaped like a ship.  As the funeral procession advanced, large amount of coins  were thrown amongst the crowd as alms. 

For the first time in their lives, the Ranis of the Great Maharaja came out unveiled from the harem and followed the corpse bare-footed.  They were dressed in pure, white silk and wore no ornaments.  They had distributed all their jewels and valuables among the poor before leaving the Zenana for the final Sati.  

In front of each Rani, at a distance of two or three paces, a man with his face turned towards her walked backwards.  He held a looking glass before the Rani in front of whom he walked that she might see that her facial features were composed  and unaltered-- that her resolution to sacrifice her life had no effect on her outer appearance.

The funeral pyre was constructed of sandalwood in the form of a square, six feet high and upon it were strewn inflammable substances such as cottonseeds etc.  The bier, having been brought close to it, its valuable ornaments and coverings were given away to the people. The Brahmins and Gurus then recited passages from their holy books and offered prayers.  This took about half an hour.

The ascent to the funeral pyre was by a ladder.  The ministers and Sardars first ascended and helped in gently removing the royal body from the bier and placing it on the pyre. The four Ranis, with death-despising intrepidity,  then ascended the fatal ladders one by one, according to their rank and solemnly occupied a place at the head of their royal husband, holding the head with their hands. 

The Rajput princess of Kangra Guddan had his head on her lap . The 7 beautiful slave girls, with equal courage and contempt for death, then ascended the ladder and placed themselves at the foot of their lord.

The sathis having thus seated themselves were covered with red mats, on which oil had been profusely poured.  Raja Dhian Singh at this moment approached the Ranis and begged them to offer prayers for the prosperity of the new Maharaja, but not a word was uttered by the Ranis, who with eyes closed and hand stretched towards the head of the Maharaja, which they were holding, maintained a solemn silence in expectation of the final moment.

A strong, thick mat of reeds was then brought and saturated with oil with which all were covered. The Minister, Raja Dhian Singh and the Sardars then came down. Then Dhian Singh suddenly lost his composure and overwhelmed with grief , insisting on being burnt with the Ranis.  Thrice, he even attempted to force his way forward and it was with difficulty, that he was physically prevented from sharing the fate of the sathis. For the new king Karakh Singh was a dull witted person. 

Oil, atta and ghee were then profusely thrown on the pile. This being done, Prince Kharak Singh lit the pyre at each corner. In almost the twinkling of an eye, the unfortunate creatures who had been covered with the mats had ceased to exist and in a short time the whole mass was reduced to ashes.

On the third day, the ashes of the dead were picked out by the members of the family and put in separate urns and, placed in separate tents made of Kashmiri shawls, the poles of which were wrought with gold and silver.  Preparations were then made to send the ashes to the Ganga. 

The remains of the Maharaja and those of the Ranis, were placed in separate, richly caparisoned palanquins and brought out, in state, from the Fort.  They were accompanied by costly presents such as valuable shawls, richly decorated elephants and horses, gold and silver utensils, rich cloth etc., which were to be distributed as alms among the Brahmins at Hardwar. On the procession leaving the Fort, a royal salute was fired.

The procession traversed the principal bazaars and streets; housetops, windows and balconies were all filled with spectators. The door of the palanquin that contained the ashes of the Maharaja was open; those of the other four containing the remains of the Ranis were closed.

Mourning was observed for thirteen days, the mourning costume being white. On the thirteenth day, the last funeral obsequies were gone through and thousands of rupees lavished on Brahmins and fakirs.

Before the fatal and 4th stroke on June 22, 1839, the Maharaja was managing the affairs of the state as efficiently as before.  After the third stroke attack in 1838 he was unable to speak while his mind was still active.  He would give orders through the language of signs while the faithful minister Fakir Azizuddin would reduce them to writing and ensured their implementation.

According to a British historian, “Ranjit Singh died like the old Lion as he had lived. He preserved his senses to the last, and was (which is unusual with the native princes) obeyed to the last by all his chiefs...”

To this I will say –AYE!
********************************************************************
KUMBH MELA , THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
7000 YEAR OLD MAHA KUMBH MELA ,  SAMDUDRA MANTHAN HINDU LORE,  AMRIT SOMA AMBROSIA , LIVING GANGES WATER, COSMIC CONSCIOUSNESS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





The 7000 year old Rig Veda, written in Sanskrit, has 117 hymns about a wonder elexir by the name of Soma.  And thousands of temples have the Samudra Manthan depicted , extracting amrit by churning the ocean  .


We have drunk the Soma;
We have become immortal;
We have gone to the light;
We have found the gods   
Rig Veda 8.48 - 5000 BC

There are two main paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophies of Sanatana Dharma.



The Advaita form looks at God , as brahmAn-- the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field , the akasha  or  the space between the whizzing electrons in an atom. 




Matter exists because of this intelligent force which holds the spiraling electrons in its orbit--  for if it drops or rises one single orbit the matter changes into something totally different.







The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva also known as Tamas -Rajas- Sattwa  ( represented by the Trident of Lord Shiva ) .   The modern world knows this symbol as Yin-Yang , with a mediator prong in between.

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catabolism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe



These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. 



If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.  This guarantees change, growth and evolution.   Lessening of Tamas or Yin- always results in increase of Rajas or Yang and vice versa.  

One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependent .   Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be invented by bumpkin shepherds , as ridiculed by new sprouted upstart religions ( having a single holy book and a mortal messiah ) ,  or by evolved seers?

On a micro scale , this  Tamas Rajas movement also known as the dance of Shiva,  is indeed the to and fro pull of the opposing forces of gods and demons . 



The ancient Vedic Maharishi seers  knew the cosmos is holographic,  including the human body.  The human body belongs to the microcosm , and it has a perfect equation with the macrocosm of the universe.  




7000 years ago, it was written in our Vedas that the tiny atom contains tremendous power.  All white men smirked and called our Vedas, the bumpkin shepherd’s verses. 




Then a massive explosion rudely woke them up.





To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field, on a micro scale. 



This is depcited on a macro scale as Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where huge Mount Meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit in a to and from movement , representing vibrations..  The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the elusive holy grail.



Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Neuro transmitter seratonin, melatonin,  DMT, etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as amrit ( mental orgasm discharge )


To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 7000 years. This year 2013, the Maha Kumbh mela will attract 110 million pilgrims, which is more than the entire population of many large countries..



Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other.  Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.   All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind.


The cosmic macro 5 headed serpent Vasuki is human micro DNA which gives us 5 senses.  The human micro pineal gland is cosmic macro Mount Meru.  The sea is the brahmAn field.  The Amrit is soma.  
Pineal DMT the spirit molecule that bends space-time , is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit.  

You cant observe the quantum world without your activated Pineal gland , the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. 



At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, ( C12 N2 H16 ), just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip.  You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry.




The king of Gods ( Devas ) Indra was a bit of a egomaniac.  Once he was riding on his elephant Airavata when he bumped into a seer Durvasa Muni on the way, who was famous for his short fuse. Everybody was in awe of Durvasa, and he always wore tattered clothes due to a vow of insanity he was observing.

He had with him a garland of heavenly flowers given to him by a nymph. He tossed the garland towards Indra who placed it on his elephants head showing total insensitivity. The elephant was disturbed by the strange scent of the flowers and it threw down the garland on the ground and stamped on it.

Durvasa was upset seeing the disrespect and cursed Indra, and told him that he would be thrown down from his throne, the same way the garland was thrown down.. He also cursed all the Devas and said that they would soon lose their sheen.  Indra immediately got down from the elephant and begged for forgiveness,by Durvasa would not retract the curse or even soften it, and went on his way..

When the Asuras ( demons ) heard of this they were overjoyed, and they attacked the Devas under the leadership of Bali, (the King of Kerala ). The Devas were routed in battle and Bali became king of the universe. The gods were told by Brahma to go to Vishnu for help.

Vishnu told them to strike a deal with the Asuras, and get them to join them as a team to churn amrit or ambrosia ( nectar of immortality ) from the oceans, and promise to share it 50-50 with them.. It was done long ago in the past at the end of the last precession cycle ( 25675 years cycle )  .



And Vishnu would make sure that Asuras would NOT get a drop of it. There was no other alternative as Sage Shukracharya the son of Bhrigu Rishi was on the side of the Asuras and was training them.

Shukracharya had a point to prove to the Devas who had spurned him when he offered to be their guru. They chose Sage Brihaspati son of Maharishi Angira instead. Brihaspati is known in other cultures as Zeus  or Thor.



Lord Shiva had a mantra by the name of Sanjeevani. This mantra was very powerful and could revive a dead man. He would give it only to those who pleased him. One way to please him was to hang upside down, on a high tree branch by your knees for one year. 

If you fall asleep and drop down you break you neck. You cannot talk and cannot consume food . Right below smoke would be sent up from a bonfire of dry leaves. Nobody dared to do this penance. Shukracharya was determined to please Shiva and get hold of this mantra.



Everybody was keeping keen vigilance of this penance as the one year completion date was getting near. The King of the Devas Lord Indra panicked and decided to play a bit dirty. He sent his daughter disguised as a brahmin woman past the sentries. 

She threw some dry red  chillies into the fire without anybody noticing. The acrid fumes of the chillies made Shukracharyas eyes bleed. The woman was filled with remorse.  Lord Shiva unable to tolerate this foul play immediately appeared and gave Shukracharya the mantra as a boon.
  
This churning of the ocean was an elaborate process.  Mount Mandaranchal ( Meru ) was to be the churning dasher.  Vasuki the King of serpents was to be the rope.  Vishnu avatar Kurma a tortoise would take the rotating Meru on its back.  



Smart Indra told the gods to hold the tail .  The dumb asuras held the head, and they started churning to and fro for all they were worth.  Asuras were getting scorched by flames which appeared frequently from the mouth of 5 headed Vasuki.

Pretty soon Vasuki felt the strain and vomited out deadly venom, which became so toxic and polymerizing forming a froth on the ocean , that all were scared.  This would have been the end of the world.

Lord Shiva was compassionate and drank up this poison. Shiva's consort Parvati pressed his neck so that the poison would not reach his stomach. Shiva did not die, but his neck became blue and hence his name Neel Kanthan.( blue throated ).. 



Shiva was advised by the celestial doctors not to sleep, and keep dancing, so that the poison could be burnt out and excreted . The gods took turns to amuse Shiva throughout the long night. This night is a festival in India ( Shiva ratri -- or thanks giving night for Shiva ) were Hindus fast all day , do NOT sleep at night , and have cultural festivities in all temples. Kumbh Mela of 2013, ends on 10 March 2013, which is Maha Shivaratri day.

Dhanwantari, the god of Ayurveda , in 4 armed Vishnu form -holding the Sudarsana Chakra weapon and Conch in the upper right and lefts hands.  In the other two hands he carries a pot containing the nectar of immortality and a leech. ( which is used in Susruta’s treatise 4200 BC, for vaccination )



Finally the churning was successful and Lord Dhanvantari , the god of Ayurveda rose from the ocean., with a pot containing the nectar of immortality or amrit. 



The Devas tried to vamoose with the nectar and the asuras gave it to them and snatched the pot away.
The divine eagle known to be large enough to block the sun ( a Vimana flying saucer of Vishnu ) snatched the pot and flew away.  While on the flight 4 drops fell on 4 places on earth- Prayag ( named by Muslim invaders as Allah- abad ), Hardwar, Ujain and Nasik. 

These are the four spots the Kumbh Mela, the biggest pilgrimage show on earth is held, when about 110 million pilgrims will take a dip in the holy river in 2013..

The date of Kumbh at Haridwar falls when Jupiter is in Aquarius, and Sun and Moon are in the Aries and Sagittarius zodiacs respectively.

As Jupiter takes about 11 years, 10 months and 14 days to complete its revolution around the sun, its obvious that it comes back to any specific position on its orbit on completion of nearly 12 years. Thus all these planetary configurations repeat every 12th year and, thus, Kumbh Mela also comes after the same interval.




Watch the video below to understand Quantum Consciousness -or you will NEVER understand the Kumbh Mela , like the ignorant reader who made the first comment below.





Harvard University is conducting a study on the Kumbh Mela of 2013.  They are appalled that millions of pilgrims are drinking the water while taking a bath.  



To these educated ignoramuses , I have this para.  This goes beyond the perimeter of science, folks!

Ganges water is “living water”.  



I have an experiment for you. You can take a sample of water in a bottle back to USA, keep it alongside yourexpensive and pure Evian water bottle,  and check it out after 100 years.  You will find that the Ganges water is intact,  while the Evian water has muddled and has algae and bacteria.

At the of the Himalayas , source it is electrically charged nano size colloids of Himalayan rock salt.   This low surface tension water contains all the 83 odd minerals required by the human body in the correct dosage, to take it to the correct vibrational state where all cells dance in harmony . 



This water is highly alkaline and has an extraordinary amount of hydrogen with an extra electron, to neutralize damaging free radicals , which cause DNA damage, diseases and ageing.

It holds high amounts of silver colloids , is highly sunbathed and oxygenated , and is indeed bio-energised miracle water”.  Low surface tension water ( normal is 73 dynes ) can store information for healing in its vibratory structure.  It easily penetrates the 75 trillion cells and mitochondrial membranes, to supply nutrients and flush away toxins. 



Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water, The body is very much like a sponge and is composed of trillions of chambers called cells that hold liquid.  In this sense water not only has the ability to visually reflect the environment but it also molecularly reflects the environment.

Miracle waters have been discovered throughout the world and have been responsible for thousands of unexplainable healings.  Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it. Water remembers, or stores this information.



Even a small amount of water has enough cluster structures available to absorb whole libraries of information ( theertham in a rishi’s copper lota ).  A sadhu has a piece of cloth to cover his family—nay- personal jewels and a copper lota , and a 108 bead rudraksha mala . That is all of his personal effects inventory.

No Hindu temple is without a water body and a banyan tree.

And then we have some morons screaming that the sadhus at Kumbh mela consume cannabis—and that they are drug addicts.



Nothing is further from the truth.

Cannabis, ( Marijuana , Hemp , Bhang, Ganja ) was first brought down from the Himalayas by Lord Shiva to India -- from where it spread throughout the world.

Cannabis is mentioned in our Atharva Veda of 5000 BC.  The holy Vedas will NOT propagate anything which harms man, the planet , the flora  or the  fauna or even the insects.

Cannabis  has the natural wonder drug Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), with nil side effects.



I AM ADVOCATING CANNABIS AS A WONDER MEDICINE, AND A GOD GIVEN DRUG WHICH CAN PUT CREATIVE PEOPLE LIKE WRITERS, ARTISTS, MUSICIANS, INVENTORS ETC,  IN THE "ALPHA BRAIN WAVE STATE".

In deep meditation, when waves of alpha rhythms cascade across the entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet whose heart beat is 7.83 hertz.  Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or akashik field are transferred.  The planet communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.  



A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth.  Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information.  Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as Schumann’s Resonance .  We all know 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM, the Hindu king mnatra or Schumann frequency.

7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness.



Some therapeutic uses of smoking:  stops asthma attacks, reduces ocular pressure of those with Glaucoma, relieves nausea, stimulates appetites of chemotherapy patients and anorexics, lung expectorant, antispasmodic, reduces intensity of epileptic seizures, relieves symptoms of muscular dystrophy, relieves migraine headaches, lowers blood pressure, relaxes muscles, relieves stress, promotes a restful sleep, relieves dementia and depression, and invokes positive 'vibrations'-all without the negative, and sometimes deadly side effects of pharmaceuticals.



Studies state that cannabis or cannabinoids may be useful in treating alcohol abuse, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, collagen-induced arthritis, asthma, atherosclerosis, bipolar disorder, colorectal cancer, HIV-Associated Sensory Neuropathy depression, dystonia, epilepsy, digestive diseases gliomas, hepatitis C, Huntington's disease, leukemia, skin tumors, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), Parkinson's disease, pruritus, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), psoriasis, sickle-cell disease,sleep apnea, and anorexia nervosa..

I HOPE THIS POST PERSUADES WORLD GOVERNMENTS TO DE-CRIMINALIZE CANNABIS, TO ALLOW THEIR DENIZENS EXPLODE TO HIGHER CONSCIOUSNESS,  AFTER 21ST DEC 2012,  TO UPGRADE DNA TO 12 STRAND,  AND MAKE THIS PLANET MORE PEACEFUL AND WORTH LIVING.




The Western press is full of sarcasm about the naked sadhus with ash smeared bodies.

Let me educate them.

These sadhus live in seclusion and come down from the Himalayas only for the Kumbh Mela. They are Tantrics and NOT hedonists.



Tantrics can seduce and manipulate , such is their magnetism, but they are not allowed to do that.  They could maintain huge penile erections the whole day in front of a cheering crowd and lift huge boulders with sheer prick power -- or suck water from a bowl by using the penis like a straw.

This is why most of them are naked , cover themselves in ash and mud and hold human skulls to revolt the senses of selfish learners who want a crash course in Tantra so that they can grab power in society.



They can break as many coconuts as you want with their heads , neutralize the bit of a venomous snake and you may be shocked when I tell you that this secretive sect has the amazing magic powers .

Some of them of course are fakes and NOT spiritually evolved.



These Tantrics can sit in the middle of a venomous snake pit filled with hundreds of cobras and vipers and draw a circle around them, which no snake will transgress .

They do NOT display their powers to the camera, for they shun publicity, for fear of losing their powers.



Tantra looks at life with a total vision.  It wants to look at life as it is, without.. bringing any mind in between . Tantra avoids mind and encounters life face to face,  no acceptance no rejections , simply facing that which is- in a YES YES manner.. 



They believe that nobody has ever reached to the divine by saying no to anything.  You must just float with the current. You dont struggle against the mighty river, you simply go with it.  This floating with it, relaxing with it, is Tantra.  Tantra acceptance comes out of  a deep contentment -- not out of  frustration and helplessness.  

When in the lowest you can see the highest, when even in hell you can create a heaven, then, then you have become the artist of life.



Tantric spiritual practices and rituals  aim to bring about an inner realization of the truth that "Nothing exists that is not Divine" (nāśivaṃ vidyate kvacit ) .

Tantra deconstructs all pre-conceived notions of the human condition.  This allows the person to experience total liberation and then unity with ultimate truth or reality.




Come Allahabad  Maha Kumbh Mela 2013 ,  they pour in by the millions and merge into a veritable river of humanity . They come in by overcrowded public transport,  ox carts, horses, camels, elephants, private aircraft all head for Allahabad , where three rivers Ganges, Yamiuna and the underground Saraswati meet. 


  
Some engaged in Tapasya foot slog with naked feet, chanting holy mantras, carrying mattresses and heavy bundles on their heads.  They will celebrate the greatest spiritual festival of this planet , the Kumbha Mela.
It is a massive nay enormous act of faith .  For faith is the most important thing at the Kumbh mela, and this has been going on for 7000 years.



A lot of this multitude come to attain Moksha, for they believe that a dip at the sangam at the right time will free them from their past karma .  But there are some saints and sadhus who are driven by quantum consciousness , and these selfless souls step out of their comfort zones to come here and pray for this planet and for the rest of humanity - nay- every form of animal and plant life. 

The waters are cold.

There is also a sprinking of curious foreigners of other faiths, who stare in awe at the ash smeared naked sadhus wearing marigold garland and carrying swords, tridents and spears. They take pictures to show it to more curious folks back home. For this is indeed the sight of a life time. All their  5 senses are overwhelmed like never before. There are never the same after this, something changes in them for the better, and they cant put a finger on it.



In the 7th century Chinese traveller witnesses this spectacular scene and he wrote about it in great detail in his diary. 

This was before the Muslim and Christain invaders came to India.  India was a land of peace and harmony and joy  

Has this planet known any peace, since Christianity and Islam were born. Religions with ONE messiah and ONE holy book, which desperately need to convert others -- one by sops, the other by sword?

Of course those days there would have been many snake charmers , sadhus performing the great Indian rope trick and real Tantrics who could do telekinesis, telepathy  and mind reading rubbing shoulders with kings wearing diamonds and expensive silks , giving away real gold coins as charity.

In 2000 BC Adi Sankaracharya from Kaladi , Kerala , popularized the Kumbha Mela among the common man.



At dawn on the Makara Sankranti on Jan 14th 2013, pilgrims dipped themselves in the cold waters  Some started minutes past midnight.  Loud chanting of "Bolo Ganga Mai ki jai  (  glory to our Mother Ganga) electrified the air. They went in wave after wave.  

Some carried lamps which looked like fireflies.  At dawn the real thing started. From the midst of the  mass of humanity came a marvelous procession announcing the official beginning of the Kumbha Mela to the sound of conches and drum beats. People danced in ecstasy to the beat of drums . The smell of agarbathi and incense filled the air.  Colorful flags and banners flew merrily everywhere.



At the head of the procession were the famous naked nagas . These holy tantrics did NOT come there for selfish reasons.  They rushed in with their marigold garland and willies swinging and tridents held high.  They splashed the sacred Ganges waters upon each other and frolicked in glee like small children, their matted dreadlocks dripping . 




Behind them rushed solemn saffron clad gurus , who slipped off their silver thrones , in ungainly haste. Next  the Vaisnava vairagis, hunkered down for their unholy rush, then the wandering mendicants and Siddhas who dedicate everything to Vishnu, the Sustainer.  Then came the innumerable other sects of ascetics dressed in saffron colored cloth and carrying their staffs of renunciation.  

The last came old people-- some just crawled , with a sense of purpose of course.

All the centuries gone by of India's spiritual evolution were simultaneously there together in the procession. 



As the sun rose you could see the confluence from a higher level of the banks, where the dark blue water of the Yamuna merges with the silver gray water of the Ganges, infused with the mythical Saraswati . Bathers, immersed up to the waist, scooped up water with folded palms and offered it to heaven in a timeless gesture.  

Some just stared at the rising sun , chest deep in water , chanting mantras in a spiritual trance .  




From almost every lip you can hear the chanting of OM - the Hindu king mantra .. OM or AUM mantra is 11000 years old—and was told by the seers that it was the original sound when the Cosmos was created.  OM resonates with the earths heartbeat or Schumann’s resonance of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.



Let me digress –

OM boosts the production of Nitric Oxide in the body.   Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 50 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body. The Opiate drug Morphine , the addictive pain killer, works by an increase in Nitric Oxide release. Nitroglycerin and Amyl Nitrite tablets serve as vasodilators because they are converted to Nitric Oxide in the body, to ease angina pain ( heart pain ). Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide. 



Some enterprising boatmen rowed their boats full of pilgrims to a small sandbar in the middle of the sangam where probably the waters were clearer and deeper.

If you peep into the colourful pandals you will find serious spiritual discourses in progress,  sadhus doing painful penance or meditating , elaborate displays and dioramas illustrating the stories from the 6000 year old  epics like the Ramayana and Mahabharata , kiosks selling hot ginger tea, exotic perfumes, musk, sandalwood oil, peacock feathers and even tiger's claws set in gold , bhajan or sing song sessions etc. . 



There will never be a dull moment.  

Words, film, print, and paper cannot do justice to this spectacular show of faith — it is one that has to be experienced personally using all 5 senses.  




Is it not a unique  experience to be part of the greatest tide of humanity at a single place by an enchanting river bank. Palmists, soothsayers and astrologers do roaring business. Well known sages give blessings to small children. Some were plain lost .

When Indira Gandhi came here she was blessed by the ageless siddha yogi Devraha Baba on her head with his foot, yet she was overjoyed.


Here, this  ocean of humanity presents a  rare opportunity to witness some of India’s most ancient and timeless sacred rituals, passed down over many generations . You get a chance to see holy men who come in the only on occasions of great significance such as the Mahakumbh.

You get to see a sadhu, who has stood on one leg for 15 years or kept his shriveled hand raised for 25 years  The naked sadhus are digambaras,  “wearing the sky”. Some of these sages have raised Kundalini and can do amazing psychokinesis acts --  a profound demonstrations of the power of the mind.  None of them want fame or money. This single act of cosmic consciousness is saving this planet-- but who is to undertand all this?


Raising the Kundalini  can be equated with the awakening of the silent areas of the brain Space and time lose their rigidity, and there is a mingling of the past, the present, and the future. The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous.  

Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual enlightenment or illumination, an indescribable state of moral and intellectual elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss. Divine wisdom enables your consciousness to pick up and become aware of super physical forces and phenomena. 

Yogis can live on ambrosial fluid. If its secretion is awakened and controlled in the body, then one needs nothing more for survival. The maintenance of the body's vitality becomes independent of food. You are able to enter into states of hibernation or suspended animation underneath the earth Kundalini transformation has the purpose to dissolve the last elements of your ego and enlighten you in the body.



When the brain is supplied with an extra amount of high grade energy (Kundalini) it becomes a ‘Bose-Einstein condensate’.  Thus following Kundalini awakening, the brain turns into a super-conductor with a focus like a laser beam.  How else can you explain our 7000 year old texts giving the speed of light and the diameters and distances of the planets?  



How do you explain the fact that the Rudraksha mala worn by these naked ash smeared sadhus since 11000 years , have 108 beads?





Is it by sheer coincidence that the Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  That the distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .
 
That the distance of the Moon from the Earth is 108 times the diameter of the Moon.   That the distance of Moon to the Earth divided by the Moons diameter is 108.  


Is it by sheer chance that Mendeleyeev’s periodic table which he confessed that he developed by watching the 54 Sanskrit alphabets ( in Shiva--Shakti union form ) has 108 elements ( rest are too short lived ).

Say again?




An indirect method of awakening the Kundalini for amazing results adopted by Indian yogis is tapasya, which means the performance of severe penances and austerities.  In India there has always been this ancient tradition of the enlightened sage, the one who breaks free of ordinary human conditioning and attains a state called "awakening “.



By various means such as deep meditation or by pure devotion, or by the control and understanding of the mind these historical figures broke through into universal consciousness itself, and beyond that even, into the pure awareness of the absolute.  

Chanting the Vedic King mantra OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition..which are messages from your unconscious mind making contact with your consciousness. 


Cosmic consciousness is the concept that the universe is a living superorganism with which animals, including humans, interconnect, and form a collective consciousness which spans the cosmos.  Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.  

Sacred mantras chanted in Sanskrit,  the divine and digital language from the 12 strand DNA of seers, cleanse the environment and can reduce crime in a city, if chanted by sufficient numbers, the right way, and right number of times.  Some call this transcendental.  It is about quantum consciousness.



Tapasya   is   a   means   of   purification.  Through this process the mind, the emotions and the whole personality are cleansed of all the dirt, complexes and patterns of behavior that cause pain and suffering.  Bad habits, vices are uprooted and destroyed at its psychic root,  not only at the conscious level.  Strength of will is the fruit of tapasya.  



Once you achieve a balanced mind in the face of mental and emotional conflicts and you can endure anger, worry, love and passion, disappointment, jealousy, hatred, memories of the past, sufferings and sorrows-- you are ready for the awakening.  Such sadhus live in seclusion because when there are interactions with people, so many thought currents move in the mind.  

Mixing with people, talking and gossiping create crosscurrents of love, hatred, infatuation, jealousy, likes and dislikes, restlessness, worry , desires and passions. 



When you do NOT have any interaction with people, you will be spared a lot of mental turmoil.  You will  have NIL psychological cobwebs. 



He is also ready for the vairagya or detachment that will come to him as a result of the awakening of kundalini.  As the liberated energy (Kundalini) courses through the system, it actually sweeps away samskaras – karmic traces from the past that are still imprinted in the body and mind – like floodwaters clearing clogged debris from a river bed.

"As one opens the door with a key, so the yogi should open the gate to liberation with the kundalini. The great goddess sleeps, closing with her mouth,, the opening through which one can ascend to the brahrnarandhra... to that place where there is neither pain nor suffering. The kundalini sleeps above the kanda... she gives liberation to the yogi and bondage to the fool. He who knows kundalini, knows yoga. The kundalini, it is said, is coiled like a serpent- He who can induce her to move is liberated."  Hatha Yoga Pradipika v. 105-111 –5000 BC



The sounds of the conch shell or the shanka’s being blown are resonant frequencies of OM 7.83 hertz as the winding passage inside the shell , shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field (brahmAn ),  follows the universal golden mean spiral.  

The incongruent combination of technology and tradition can’t be ignored as GPS tracking facilities and huge LED screens have been installed at several locations at the mela.



Here is the greatest exercise in self discovery.  Here lies the end of the search for unwalled horizons,  for an escape from a life of uninspired existence-- for a scrupulous equation between the ends and the means.



You will never see a human being more comfortable in his own skin than at the Kumbh Mela —just wearing the sky.

There is a feeling of shared identity here. 

For Kumbh Mela is the greatest leveler on this planet.
********************************************************************
THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



It has been pounded into your heads by the Rothschild controlled media , and the British historian written school books that the First war of Indian Independence was in 1857.

This is a big lie.

The Sepoy Mutiny of 1857 was engineered and fanned by the owner of British East India Company, the German Jew Rothschild, so that they could stop all pretense of being traders and take over India officially by merging with the “so called “ British Raj.

After Rothschild stole Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799, they became the richest on the planet.  Nothing could move in the English Parliament without their express approval, as they held the moolah . The royalty of England took orders from this Jew.

Punch into Google search :-
MURKY TRUTHS OF THE SEPOY'S MUTINY 1857, THE FIRST WAR OF INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL

In 1949, the Indian Navy ( Royal Navy ) revolted.  The realization dawned on the crafty English speaking white man, that without the Indian Navy they stood to be cut off from England.  This naval mutiny ,  joined by the air force, army , police and RSS cadre convinced the British that they could no longer rely upon the Indian armed forces to maintain their hold on India.  

Most important Jew Rothschild was NOT there to support the British,  having already carved out the state of Israel of which they owned 70%, .  

They were now resting on their laurels —  they had more important things like the banking cartel to take care of.

The Navy revolt in Bombay on 18th Feb 1946,  triggered sympathetic vibrations all over India.  1200 airmen of the Royal Indian Air Force  went on a procession in support of their strike, on Februray 20 1946.   

Indian officers of the RIAF refused to fly out troops, and the transport units refused to ferry British troops to fight the naval ratings and the Indian officers refused to pilot planes to bomb the ships. 

Train tracks and roads were blocked by felled trees. All this is a sunk part of Indian history—sunk by Gandhi and Nehru.

Sir Stafford Cripps, spoke in the debate at the British House of Commons.

"…The Indian Army in India is not obeying the British officers.  We have recruited our workers for the war; they have been demobilised after the war.  They are required to repair the factories damaged by Hitler’s bombers.  Moreover, they want to join their kith and kin after five and a half years of separation. Their kith and kin also want to join them.  In these conditions if we have to rule India for a long time, we have to keep a permanent British army for a long time in a vast country of four hundred millions.  We have no such army, and money….” 

-- – (for the wealth of India was already stolen and placed in Rothschild’s private coffers)




Suddenly the British found that Rothschild groomed plant in India,  Mahatma Gandhi and Edwina Mountbatten ( Rothschild blood ) remote controlled Jawaharlal Nehru , was no longer effective, in restraining the freedom seeking Indians.  

Gandhi raved and ranted till he frothed from his mouth.  

He condemned the mutiny, calling it sheer violence.   He criticised the revolting Indian Navy for acting without the call of a "prepared revolutionary party" and without the "guidance and intervention" of  "political leaders of popular choice"

Those who would like to know more about this punch into Google search :--

MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL
and
DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL




The ruling Congress party was so scared of the truth getting exhumed that as late as 1965, a Bengali actor Utpal Dutt was arrested for writing a passionate play on the Royal Navy Uprising. Utpal Dutt,  also acted in the Bollywood hit movie Golmal.  He was arrested on December 27, 1965  under the Preventive Detention Act.  

The Government of Bengal and India feared he was "subversive".  Why?  Because he wrote a play called "Kallol" (Sound of Waves) on this sunk chapter of  Indian freedom fighting. This would rob the sheen out of our popular heroes and gods like Gandhi,  Nehru etc, right?   He was detained for several months, when his show ran to packed shows at Calcutta's Minerva Theatre.

For when Justice P.B. Chakrabarty, the Chief Justice of Calcutta High Court once asked the British PM Lord Clement Atlee - responsible for conceding India's Independence, the all important question -
"what was the extent of Gandhi’s influence upon the British decision to quit India"

His response, with a smirk: “m-i-n-i-m-a-l!“.   

He spelt it out in sarcasm. 





Out of 25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers recruited with the aid of non-violent Gandhi for 2nd World War , to kill the Germans , only 2.43 lakh ( 243, 000 )  had been killed.



Rest of the surviving battle hardened Indian soldiers, some with limbs missing,  were itching to smash the faces of the hated racist British masters to pulp.  




This was more because their British Officers were cowards,  and they found it out the hard way..




Below: Lord Clement Atlee




Rings a bell why Gandhi never got a Nobel prize?

The whole thing started off with a newly arrived upstart British Commander ( FW King ) playing General Patton.  I guess he got carried away by his own name. 

Now when you use words like SOB with Indian sailors, you must know that this comes as a bit of a cultural shock.  For Kuthe ka Aulad  is rank bad abuse in Indian culture. Some say Commander King slapped an Indian rating,  the way Gen Patton slapped a Jewish soldier with his gloves..



Especially when they were being discriminated upon , while their British Officers were living it up in style like the Barons, Earls and Dukes back home, with dozens of uniformed personal servants.

And Gandhi had recruited  millions of Indian soldiers for both world wars , with 111000 Indian soldiers being killed in WW1 and 243000 soldiers being killed in WW2, without memorials or honor like mules and horses.  

These poor soldiers were cannon fodder , always in the most dangerous areas. And there was NO sign of British leaving India for good, despite the promise they will leave , in case Indians soldiers fight against Germans, notwithstanding Gandhi’s non-violence and Ahimsa principles.

A Indian scrawled BRITISH DOGS QUIT INDIA  on the sea-shore training establishment for training wireless operators ( HMIS TALWAR ) wall , and this evoked exemplary punishments  like cutting off rations ,  forcing the cook  to dilute the curry with water, so that all can be fed.  BC Dutt was imprisoned on suspicion after comparing his handwriting. And this was a bit too much to swallow.

If this was the petty method the British Officers would adopt to make other sailors to snitch on a fellow sailor  then it would NOT work.   Rather this mean tactic would explode badly on their sarcastic white racist faces.

The Brits caught on and did propaganda that the trigger was watery dhall— like how the trigger in 1857 for the stupid Indians were beef and pork lard grease. You see Indians are so small minded , that they can go on revolt even for watered down curry.  Bad Indians, right?

It must be on record that the Indian National Congress and Muslim league condemned the uprising. I guess Gandhi and Jinnah could NOT tolerate any movement in which they are NOT at the steering wheel. It must also be on record that the Communist party of India supported this movement, without reservation.

The Union Jack was lowered from all Royal Navy ships and in its place was hoisted three flags tied together — those of the Congress, Muslim League, and the Red Flag of the Communist Party of India (CPI), signifying the unity and downplaying of communal issues among the mutineers. 

This was the first time the British policy of “divide and rule” did NOT work.  The rebels had unanimously elected  a Muslim, Leading Signalman M.S Khan and a Sikh, Petty Officer Telegraphist  Madan Singh as President and Vice-President respectively.

Gandhi furious at being sidelined , cried , "A combination between Hindus and Muslims for the purpose of violent actions is unholy and will lead to and would probably be a precursor to mutual violence - bad for India and the world."

Gandhi then went one step ahead and commanded the mutineers stop this “ bad and unbecoming example” and suggested that they must “adopt peaceful methods and apprise him fully of their grievances he would see to it that they were redressed “.





Gandhi further advised the mutineers to peacefully resign from their jobs if they had any grievances.  The Navy ratings, according to Gandhi, should learn “constructive activities, such as using the spinning wheel and thereby keep the love of freedom burning in their mind” 

TEE HEEEE!!




Gandhi used to sleep naked with Manu , Sushila and Abha ( two were young virgins )  and won –nay-  lost this "spiritual battle of the bulge" after several attempts..  He himself has confessed to this, in his book "My experiments with truth".


India navy ratings went around Bombay on 19th and 20th Feb 1946, in lorries, holding aloft tricolor flags and the picture of Subhash Chandra Bose .  

There were NO pictures of Gandhi   and this upset him to no small extent.

Aruna Asif Ali disagreed with Gandhi and said in a rejoinder that it would be “far easier to unite Hindus and Muslims at the barricade than on the constitutional front”.




Gandhi had been applying his non-violent satyagraha for 32 years,  after he was deposited on the drivers seat of the Indian freedom struggle , imported from South Africa , by Rothschild.   The British just loved him, for he was their type of freedom fighter, playing Moses.  

Remember Moses? He just wanted leadership —  and he took the Jews across the Red sea on a wild goose chase through the deserts for 40 years, round and round in circles, in search of the holy land , which was there itself,  just beyond the horizon..

The Royal Indian Navy revolt started on 18th February 1946, when 1100 naval ratings of ship HMIS Talwar struck work at Bombay at dawn.  After the outbreak of the mutiny, the first planned move was to take possession of Butcher Island ( where the entire ammunition meant for Bombay Presidency was stocked ) and telephone and wireless equipment, including transmitters at Kirki near Pune.  This enured that all naval ships were fully under their command.

The Indian naval officers and ratings  began calling themselves the "Indian National Navy" , offered left-handed salutes to British officers and generally ignored them. 

The news of the mutiny was communicated by signalers and soon at Karachi  the HMIS Hindustan along with one more ship and three shore establishments, went on a lightning strike.  The strikes spread like wild fire to military establishments in Madras, Vishakhapatnam, Calcutta, Delhi, Cochin, Jamnagar, the Andamans, Bahrain and Aden.  Seventy eight Naval ships and 20 shore Naval establishments, involving 20,000 Nany ratings were affected.

After the Second World War was over, three of the top officers of the Indian National Army (INA) - General Shah Nawaz Khan (Muslim), Colonel Prem Sehgal (Hindu) and Colonel Gurbaksh Singh Dhillon (Sikh) were put on trial at the Red Fort in Delhi.  

Their crime: "waging war against the King Emperor". Heeding to Netaji Subhash’s Chandra Bose’s call the INA has jumped mid river from the British boat to the Japanese boat.



Digression:

Gen Shah Nawaz Khan of INA adopted Lateef Fatima who was the mother of Bollywood megastar Shahrukh Khan . 


One son of Shah Nawaz Khan Mahmood Nawaz, stayed on in Pakistan and became a full colonel . ISI chief Lieutenant-General Zaheerul Islam is a nephew of Shah Nawaz Khan.  By the way  Maj Gen Isfandyar Ali Khan Pataudi, ( Saif Ali Khan’s uncle )  was a deputy director general of ISI.



Every sentence the Bollywood Khans tell on TV is peppered with Allahs' galore.

Getting back--

Unprecedentedly, these trials were very public, to strike terror into the hearts of the armed forces.  Due to the sympathy toward Netaji and the INA in general,  there was an instant and large outpouring of passion and patriotism in Indians.  These stories were being shared via wireless sets and through media in general on the ships, where the sailors who were discriminated upon, got inspired to revolt.

Just 5 months after the WW2 got over, in January 1946,  2000 British airmen RAF Bamhrauli, Allahabad, India, went on strike.  The war had ended and down sizing was going on, and they felt insecure, as with their limited qualifications no jobs would be available back home at England. .  Some just wanted to go back to England, as they had NOT seen their families for around 5 years.. 

This strike was quickly followed by the 2100 airmen at at Mauripur, Karachi and 1200 airmen at Dum Dum, Calcutta airfield, 1,200 men stopped work.  Soon 4000 airmen at Seletar, Singapore, held massive parades to demand the presence of the Supreme Allied Commander South East Asia.  The strike then spread to Kanpur, Palam (Delhi), Poona, Vizagapatam, Allahabad, Dum Dum, Kallang, Seletar, Chakulia ,Lahore and Negombo . 

On February 1st 1946, the Marshal of the Royal Air Force Sir John Cotesworth (Jack) Slessor  signaled to Sir Keith Rodney Park , the Allied Air Commander, South-East Asia, and Sir Roderick Roderick Carr, Air Officer Commanding, India Command  : “The only way of dealing with these incidents is to identify the ringleaders and deal with them immediately by court marshal-- .not a single man will get out of the RAF one day earlier as a result of these mutinies ." . 


In a speech to the House of Commons on 29 January, Prime Minister Attlee said that "incidents" had occurred at twelve RAF stations, but the Air Ministry later adjusted this figurae and put it as 22 stations. Much later , according to a "Secret History" programme broadcast on Channel 4 in 1996, there were strikes at more than 60 RAF units, with more than fifty thousand men involved. These "incidents", some lasting only a few hours, others up to four days, all took place within eleven days of the initial protest at Allahabad and Drigh Road, Karachi.

This was the first strike in the history of the RAF, and all airmen were generally pissed off , with the HOT Indian summer around the corner . The two largest British flag ships SS Queen Mary and SS Queen Elizabeth were being used to ferry GI Joe brides from England to the USA , adding insult to injury.

Just twelve days before the Indian Navy Mutiny ( which started on 18th Feb 1946 ),  600 members, including officers of the Royal Indian Air Force (RIAF) camp situated close by on Bombay Marine Drive went on a hunger strike as a protest against a racial insult by the Camp Commander.

The world war was finally over for good , the swollen forces were being rapidly down-sized, aviators, sailors and soldiers were being demobilized . Though there was a program to re-train men for civilian life, it was so symbolic so as to be meaningless. Coupled with the fact that most of the British Officers actually running the show (de-mob program) were reservists, not careerists and they just could not connect with the men under them- the men had no respect for them.

The Viceroy of India, General Wavell, held the RAF men guilty. Referring to the naval mutinies, he wrote, "I am afraid that the example of the Royal Air Force, who got away with what was really mutiny, has some responsibility for the present situation".

Even today the British say— see the stupid Indians had no idea how to revolt.  They just mimicked us!  Copy cats!  

On the quiet morning of February 26, 1946, some 120 army men of the 'J' company of the Signals Training Centre (STC), Jabalpur, defied their British superiors and broke free from their barracks, as an aftermath of the naval mutiny.  Part of a radio signalling unit, they were sick and tired of the racist abuse heaped on them by their paranoid British counterparts.  

The ranks of the mutineers swelled to 1,700 men, armed with nothing more than Congress and Muslim League flags.  Shouting slogans, the patriotic mutineers protested peacefully for some days till a vicious bayonet charge by the Somerset Light Infantry which killed 8 ring leaders ( and poked bleeding holes in 32 more) brought the mutiny to a grinding halt. Eighty men behind the mutiny were court-martialled and dismissed without pay and pension. Forty-one others were sent to prison. But the incident was quickly hushed up.

The Jabalpur mutiny had the British worried about what they took for granted —the British Indian army's loyalty.  In sharp contrast, the naval ratings who mutinied just days ahead of the Jabalpur mutiny were recognised as freedom fighters albeit late.. 

The Naval mutiny was officially recognised as part of the freedom struggle by the government of India.  The men were allowed to serve in the navy of independent India and retire with full pensionary benefits, pay and allowances.  What's more, they were awarded special freedom fighter's pensions.  

All that the mutineers of Jabalpur received for their efforts was a vicious bayonet charge,  rigorous imprisonment and dismissal without benefits.  Even today we find old and desparately poor Jabalpur  army men inquiring on the Internet, if it is possible to get a pension.
  
One of the reasons Gen VK Singh is being sidelined and his Z security withdrawn is due to his anti establishment book  “The Contribution of the Indian Armed Forces to the Freedom Movement” on the Jabalpur mutiny.   In 2002, when Gen VK Singh reopened dusty files of the Corps of Signals, and he chanced upon this forgotten chapter of the mutiny.  

He immediately took up the cause of getting the mutiny recognised as a part of the freedom struggle.  However, he only ran into the impenetrable wall of Indian bureaucracy.  As letters flew between Singh, the directorate of signals, ministry of defence, and the ministry of home affairs (MHA), the bureaucratic machinery and red tape continued to hold out. 

Gen VK Singh took pains to point out to any babu who would care to hear him out that the Jabalpur men had been ignored while recognition had been accorded to the naval ratings  who participated in the Royal Indian Navy mutiny, which ironically took place a couple of weeks before the Jabalpur mutiny.  

Meanwhile, one of the survivors of the mutiny, Lance Naik Neelakantan Nair, went to the Kerala High Court seeking directions to the MHA.  In July 2003, the court directed the MHA and the state government to look into the matter and report back in six months.  But nothing came of it.  Finally, in a letter dated February 14, 2003 (No 8/2/2003-FF-P), the MHA stated that the issue of granting freedom fighter status to the mutineers had been "considered and it has been decided at the level of the home minister that they cannot be treated as freedom fighters."  

Ironically, the naval mutineers were also radio men just like the ones in Jabalpur.  So why did the British hush up the Jabalpur army men’s  mutiny?  They feared trouble if the news of the revolt spread to other army units across British India.  A year later, as independent India finally became a reality, the brave men of Jabalpur became a footnote in the forgotten records of the Corps of Signals.  

Seeing the Jabalpur and the navy mutiny of Bombay together, the British were worrying about the probability of a larger insurrection, and literally getting fried for their past racial excesses . Therefore, when the men of the 'J' company stood in defiance, they made history—this was the first and only major instance of Indian army regulars challenging the British. The steadfast loyalty of the British Indian army , was considered the backbone of British rule in India.

The Jabalpur mutiny, though lost to historians, left a deep irreversible impact on the British.  The then commander-in-chief of the British Indian army, Gen Sir Claude Auchinleck, sent several secret cables back to London, discussing a quick transfer of power from British hands to the Indians.  

No army, no navy, no airforce, no communications, with police joining the strike was something the British never ever expected. 

British men and women going in cars and Victorias 203s horse carriages were made to get down remove their hats, and shout "Jai Hind" (Victory to India).   

Meanwhile the navy's big guns were trained on the Taj Mahal Hotel, the Yacht Club and other British infested buildings from morning till evening. 

Two naval ships were even cast off from the quay without British / Indian officers and engineers, taken for a joy ride and anchored. And mind you, this was done by ratings alone,  and they did NOT have GPS or know how to use a sextant.


Even the ever loyal  Gurkhas had refused to fire on striking sailors.

As Karunanidhi would have summed up “ Eppidi ethirpu naan paakavee illai!” .  

And on top of that there was no Rothschild to conjure up “instant” dirty tricks from their criminal DNA.


It was to shatter this new found Hindu Muslim unity that the British used their agents to bribe anti-social elements to start Hindu Muslim riots all over India.  If you take statistics there were more Indians killed in Hindu Muslim riots after March 1946.   The casualty figures in Calcutta alone during the period of 16-19 August were 4,100 dead and 12,000 injured.
  
The general  writes, "I saw what Gen Sir Claude Auchinleck wrote to the army commanders, worried that the loyalty of the Indian troops couldn't be taken for granted anymore. This had a profound impact on the British and probably quickened the departure of the British from India". 



Gen VK continues,  "It is absurd. All the naval mutineers have been recognised and feted by the government as freedom fighters. They too were discharged on administrative grounds. But the same logic didn't hold true for the men who suffered for decades for participating in the mutiny, for ironically, the naval mutineers were also radiomen just like the ones in Jabalpur”

So how did the Indian Navy mutiny shake up the foundations of the British empire?

Unlike the army and air force peaceful strike ,  this was a full blown mutiny. From the initial flashpoint in the signalman training ship Talwar , at Bombay, the revolt spread and found support throughout British India, from Karachi to Calcutta and ultimately came to involve 78 ships, 20 shore establishments and 20,000 sailors.  



It was repressed by force by the British Royal Navy, using their white sailors and airforce.

An annoyed Sardar Vallabhai Patel  summoned the ring leader  Petty Officer Telegraphist  Madan Singh in a flat at Bombay and literally shouted at him and demanded that he stop the mutiny. Cutting no ice, then  Jawaharlal Nehru called Madan to his brother-in-law Huthee Singh’s flat and tried sweet talk and cajoling . 

The typical good man bad man psychology.  

Nehru lays the honey thick "Agar main bhi aap ki jagah hota to main bhi jazbaat mein beh jaata".  Nehru assured that there would be no victimization, if the mutiny stopped and the culprits surrendered. Madan made it clear that the Navy will  surrender only to Indian national leaders and not to the British authorities.  Despite Nehru’s assurances , hundreds of Navy ratings  were dismissed on the spot.  

Patel issued a statement calling on the strikers to end their action, which was later echoed by a statement issued in Calcutta by Mohammed Ali Jinnah on behalf of the Muslim League. Under these considerable pressures,  the strikers gave way. British airplanes wree making show of strength low flights. Their naval ships from Ceylon manned with Canadians, Aussies and New Zealanders arrived at the Gate way of Bombay.

Despite assurances from Nehru and Jinnah widespread arrests were made by the British. Madan Singh himself was placed in solitary confinement for three and a half months. There were several unilateral court martials. None of those dismissed were reinstated into either the Indian or Pakistani navies after independence.

The Navymen had the wireless system under their control.  They were able to  win over almost all the 70 ships and all the 20 seashore establishments.  They had secured control over the civilian telephone exchange, the cable network and, above all, over the transmission centre at Kirkee manned by the Navy, which was the channel of communication between the Indian Government and the British.

Hundreds were killed , all this was hushed up Most of this happened when British tanks tried  to smah through  the barricades put up by civilians.  Besides, there were some casualties even among us as a result of an exhange of fire between Indians and white British troops .  

On February 20 and 21, The navy men gave a call for a general strike which evoked  tremendous public response. It was perceived as a challenge to the Queen’s  authority.  Widespread rioting took place from Karachi to Calcutta, as the police did NOT report for work ..

In Karachi, revolt broke out on board the Royal Indian Navy ship, HMIS Hindustan off Manora Island. The ship, as well as shore establishments were taken over by mutineers. Later, it spread to the HMIS Bahadur. The next day, ratings from Castle and Fort Barracks in Bombay, joined in the revolt when rumours  spread that HMIS Talwar's ratings had been fired upon.

Several Indian low rank naval officers who opposed the strike and sided with the British were thrown off the ship by ratings.  Soon, the mutineers ratings were joined by thousands of disgruntled naval ratings from Bombay, Karachi, Cochin and Vizag.  Communication between the various mutinies was maintained through the wireless communication sets available in HMIS Talwar.  Thus, the entire revolt was coordinated in a marvelous manner .  

The strike initiated by the naval ratings soon took serious proportions.  Hundreds of strikers from the sloops, minesweepers and shore establishments in Bombay demonstrated  near VT .  British personnel of the Defence forces were singled out for attacks by the strikers who were armed with steel rods, hammers and even hockey sticks. 

The White Ensign was lowered and discarded from the ships. Passions spilt over. The naval canteens were raided and expensive stuff like champagne, premium Black label scotch whisky, caviar , Dunhill cigarettes etc meant only for the superior whites were distributed.  

The white Christian man first came as missionaries and traders , and then they took over by sheer cunning and dishonourable deceit.  They had killed millions of Indians- unrecorded and unsung. 




As retribution for the Indian soldiers ( INA ) jumping from British to the Japanese side, at Singapore, Winston Churchill ( whose Jewish mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild blood ) starved to death 5.2 million Bengalis. 



Punch into Google search AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL





Indian soldiers causalities in both World Wars were recorded as white British soldier deaths. No memorials were made for the brave Indians soldiers.

The 2nd World War showed the true worth of the white English speaking soldiers – they were cowards. Indian soldiers had seen for themselves how a large and well armed British force capitulated like sissies - nay- pussies - to the lesser Japanese forces at Singapore and Burma. 




For all their self conferred bravery and toughness during bar brawls and soccer matches, the Indian soldiers saw that these English speaking white men lacked the guts to spill their own blood in combat.

Clement Attlee, the British Prime Minister, breathing fire and brimstone ordered the Royal Navy to put down the revolt.  He was most surprised that Rothschild stooge Gandhi was no longer calling the shots in India.

Lord Pethik Lawrence made a momentous declaration in the House of Lords on February 19, 1946 in which he announced the decision of the British government to send a special mission, consisting of himself, Sir Stratford Cripps and AV Alexander to resolve the constitutional dead-lock in India. This was the beginning of the end, the first nail in the coffin.

Navies of Australia , Canada AND OTHER English speaking nations were summoned, to India on an emergency basis.



Admiral J.H. Godfrey, the Flag Officer commanding the RIN, went on air with his order to "Submit or perish"—and another Jallianwalah Bagh type massacre threat was made . The mutineers in the armed forces got zilch support from the national leaders ( not even covert )  and was largely leaderless.  

Sardar Vallabhai Patel declared "They are a bunch of young hotheads, messing with things they had no business with."   His words are now deleted in history , as he has to be propped up as the Iron man of India, right?.

On the morning of February 21, 1946 the white guards opened fire at the Indian ratings trying to escape from the castle Barracks and this transformed a peaceful mutiny into a violent armed uprising. By this time the Strike Committee shifted command to the RIN flagship Narba . The ratings in Calcutta, Madras, Karachi  Vizag and other naval centres , also went on strike with the slogans "Strike for Bombay", "Release 11,000 INA prisoners" and "Jai Hind".


After regiments of the British army were deployed against the civilians in Bombay on February 22 and 23 1946, the number of people killed rose above 300.  All rebel ships manned guns, raised steam and began to hoot on the ship’s whistle their intention of defending their comrades on shore. The sheer noise which could be heard for miles around , unnerved all the British.

 But this was a mutiny that received unprecedented passionate public support.  They mutiny leaders had monopoly over the wireless communication sets and guns available in Mumbai and most other places. Thus, the entire revolt was coordinated.

By this time, all the armouries of the ships and establishments had been seized by the striking naval ratings.  The deck and engine hands,  stewards, cooks and wireless operators of the striking ship armed themselves with whatever weapon was available to resist the British destroyers that had sailed from Colombo and Trincomalee in Ceylon (Sri Lanka).  In Madras and Pune, the Indians in British army garrisons went on strike..  

Even the burhka-clad women of Bhendi Bazaar and Dongri ,  joined in the agitation throwing hot water and  pans, from the roof tops,  at the white British soldiers who were called out to patrol the streets for a show of strength.  These same women showered flowers on the Indian muntineers and public who were resisting.  

BLPI members Prabhakar More and Lakshman Jadhav led 3 lakhs of unionized textile mill workers out on strike. 

The other navy rating members chosen in the mutiny leadership committee , were Leading Signaller Bedi Basant Singh, S.C. Sen Gupta, Chief Petty Officer, School Master Nawaz, Leading Seaman Ashraf Khan, Able Stoker Gomez and Mohammad Hussain.



The situation was changing fast and rumours spread that white Australian and Canadian armed battalions had been stationed outside the Lion gate and the Gun gate to encircle the dockyard where most ships were berthed.

The ratings in a procession passed through the streets of Manora, shouting anti-British slogans. They were joined by the inhabitants of Manora. When the ratings in boats moved towards the ship Hindustan, the General of the Army sent two platoons of Baluch soldiers to suppress the revolt. When the Baluch refused to fire upon their brothers, the British authorities got panicky. Then the White troops were summoned and Hindustan was surrounded from all sides. 

The British troops started firing and the  ratings on Hindustan retaliated. The firing and attacks and counter-attacks continued for four hours. Six of the ratings were killed, more than 30 were wounded.   Karachi witnessed complete hartal (strike). 

More than 35,000 people, Hindus and Muslims—gathered at Idgah defying Section 144 which had been imposed by the authorities. To disperse the crowd, the police resorted to firing.  More than 50 were  wounded. 

120,000  lakh people at Calcutta on the call of the CPI joined the strike. It continued till the 25th Feb 1946, when the British with their full armed might surrounded the ratings . Many were killed and wounded .  Almost all Indian cities witnessed hartals.

The negotiations moved fast, keeping in view the extreme sensitivity of the situation and on the fourth day 22nd Feb 1946,  most of the demands of the strikers were conceded in principle. On February 23, leading seaman M S Khan, president of the Naval Central Strike Committee, announced: “Our strike has been a historic event in the life of our nation. For the first time the blood of the men in the services and the people flowed together in a common cause. We will never forget this. Jai Hind!”

At 0600 hrs on February 24, 1946 white flags were raised from the decks of all ships to announce surrender.  In its last session the strike committee passed a resolution which stated, "Our uprising was an important historical event in the lives of our people. For the first time the blood of uniformed and non-uniformed workers flowed in one current for the same collective cause. We the workers in uniform shall never forget this. We also know that you, our proletarian brothers and sisters shall also never forget this. The coming generations, learning its lessons shall accomplish what we have not been able to achieve. Long live the working masses. Long live the Revolution".

Below an aged Madan Singh:-




Two aspects stood out in the eyes of the British. One was that the participants were sailors who in general were much more educated than the average gullible illiterate recruit in to the British Indian Army.  Secondly, the ring-leaders were from the Telegraphists Branch, who again were more educated and intelligent than the average rating.  And the Telegraphists used their trade to effectively spread their message (like a wild fire).  

Then there was another factor that did not escape the British. While the Indian Officers all did not participate, almost all of them , except a few Parsis were very sympathetic to the cause. 

During the mutint there was NO cooking in the navy- all food came from private houses and hotels, free . Common people , men women and children , came out in support of the ratings; and demonstrations and strikes were held all over the country.  

To sum it up, the British realized that THE strongest pillar of their system was vulnerable.

 Some of the ratings in HMIS Talwar were reported to have Communist leanings and on a search of 38 ratings who were arrested in the HMIS New Delhi, 15 were found to be subscribers of CPI literature.

Without the Royal navy they were cut off from England. Indians in the Armed forces were no longer trust worthy.  The Navy mutiny, that no one since Independence heard of ( till the Internet age ) did to the British colonization, what no other action including Quit India movement could have done in the long struggle of 250 years. 

To hell with Gandhi , his Ahimsa and his non- fuckin' -violence.



INDIA WON INDEPENDENCE BY VIOLENT INTENT , AND STRIKING FEAR INTO BRITISH HEARTS , NOT NON VIOLENT SATYAGRAHA , OF ROTHSCHILD'S SOUTH AFRICAN  PLANT GANDHI .   

LET THIS BE KNOWN TO THE FUTURE GENERATIONS OF INDIA.   

THE FASTER WE REVISE OUR HISTORY TEXT BOOKS THE BETTER.  

NON VIOLENCE AGAINST AN INVADER IS USELESS.

The British hushed up the whole incident and destroyed ALL records, as per orders from England.
A naval ship INS Madan Singh’, was named after the mutiny leader after 52 years .  Another ship was named for former leading telegraphist B.C. Dutt Dutt too.  



A sailor holding the wheel memorial now exists at Cooperage, Colaba, Mumbai.  After the outbreak of the mutiny, the first thing they did was to storm the naval prison and free B.C. Dutt, the man who send a strong message to England .

Below: Gandhi's ( Rothschild brainwashed)  method of driving away the British invader.



Today India’s navy , 4th largest on the planet, is more powerful than England’s .  If England ever makes a misadventure (like Falklands)  in India ever again , they will be a severe price to pay.

We will NOT allow true history to be fudged by the white historian or by Wikipedia  !

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .


Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.



Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






“I believe now that Hitler and the German people did not want war.  But we declared war on Germany intent on destroying it, in accordance with our principle of balance of power and we were encouraged by the ‘Americans around Roosevelt (Zionists).’  We ignored Hitler’s pleadings not to enter the war.  Now we are forced to realize that Hitler was right”  -   Attorney-General Sir Hartley Shawcross- March 16, 1984 – the lead British prosecutor at the Nuremberg War Crimes tribunal.


Truth has now breached the barbed-wire fences of "political correctness",  and is making a desperate run for it's life, after 67 years. 


This is the first documentary ever to unabashedly explain from the German perspective, how World War II really began, and the many efforts that were made by Hitler to avoid it, and to establish a lasting, viable and mutually acceptable peace.



There are still 18 countries in Europe , where laws still exist , which will put you in jail for even listening to any other version,  other than the big brother banking cartel’s version.

But then if you are sensible you will understand that there is a losers’ version too.  The victor’s version and their kangaroo court judgement based stories,  cannot last till eternity.



The video clip above is largely based upon a book entitled "Der Krieg der viele Väter hatte"  (English: The War that had Many Fathers) by German author and historian, Gerd Schulze Rhonhof.  

Rhonhof is a former high-ranking, German military officer (Brigadier General in the Panzer Division) who has done, as any honest historian should, his own deep research in the war archives, and has been assisted many other Christian historians.

The making of this film is prompted primarily by false comments made by German Chancellor Angela Merkel, speaking to a live audience and the various Heads of State from many nations, gathered at a ceremony in Danzig in 2009, to remember Hitler's (allegedly) senseless and unprovoked attack on Poland, paying respects to the Polish victims on behalf of Germany, and as always, expressing gratitude to the Allies, for their sacrifices in the victory over National Socialism.

This film is a "must see" for anyone with a sense of justice, honour, fairness and dignity, who have respect for ALL of the victims of World War II  ( not merely the victorious and hence "politically correct" ones ) and who are interested in an accurate account of history.  

Indeed, if we are to learn from history, and not be doomed to repeat it, then we must also have a fair and accurate account from which to draw our conclusions , based on our own common sense and conscience , upon which to make decisions for our future.

Germany issued debt-free and interest-free money from 1935 on, which accounts for Germany's startling rise from the depression to a world power in five years. The German government financed its entire operations from 1935 to 1945 without gold, and without debt.  It took the entire Capitalist and Communist world to destroy the German revolution, and bring Europe back under the heel of the banking cartel , who became the richest on the planet with Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799.



“Our Jewish interests demand the final destruction of Germany.” - W. Jabotinski, founder of “Irgun Zwai Leumi” (January 1934)

“There is only one power which really counts. The power of political pressure. We Jews are the most powerful people on earth, because we have this power, and we know how to apply it.” - Vladimir Jabotinsky in Jewish Daily Bulletin (July 27, 1935)

“Hitler doesn’t want war but he will be forced to it, and in fact soon. England has the final say like in 1914.” - Zionist Emil Ludwig Cohn “Annalen”

“On the 3rd of June, 1938, the American Hebrew boasted that they had Jews in the foremost positions of influence in Britain, Russia and France, and that these ‘three sons of Israel’ will be sending the Nazi dictator to hell.” - Joseph Trimble, The American Hebrew.

“When the National Socialists and their friends cry or whisper that this [the war] is brought about by Jews, they are perfectly right.” - The Jewish magazine Sentinel of Chicago (8 October 1940)

“Poland wants war with Germany and Germany will not be able to avoid it even if she wants to.” ~ Polish Marshal Rydz-Smigly, - the Daily Mail, August 6th, 1939

Colonel Dr. Ernest F. Fisher, 101st Airborne Division, who in 1945  ( Senior Historian of the US Army Center for Military History, Washington)   took part in investigations into allegations of misconduct by U.S. troops in Germany and later became a senior historian with the United States Army.  In the foreword to the book he states:

 “Starting in April 1945, the United States Army and the French Army casually annihilated about one million [German] men, most of them in American camps … Eisenhower’s hatred, passed through the lens of a compliant military bureaucracy, produced the ­horror of death camps unequalled by anything in American military ­history …"



How did this enormous war crime come to light? The first clues were uncovered in 1986 by the author James Bacque and his ­assistant.”

Bacque flew to Moscow to examine the newly-opened KGB archives, where he found meticulously and exhaustively documented new proof that almost one million German POWs had indeed died in those Western camps.

It is estimated that between 12 and 15 million ethnic Germans, including children, were systematically expelled, tortured, raped, put in camps, starved, enslaved and executed after World War II from 1944-1948, and later.  Their only crime was being German. These actions were many cases government sanctioned and done in full knowledge of the victorious allies. To date, no one has ever been held accountable, and most do not know or do not acknowledge this genocide.


READ THESE EYE OPENER POSTS BELOW--

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/general-eisenhowers-secret-holocaust-of.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/assassination-of-general-george-patton.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/06/cryptos-double-agents-false-flags.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html






Needless to say that the US journalist shat in his pants , when he got ZE cold big brother stare--



and last but not the least -


THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL





CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE, HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOMES WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER 
********************************************************************
DVAU BHUJA KARANAM, THOPPU KARANAM, ITHAM IDUKA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

SUPER BRAIN YOGA  REINVENTING THE WHEEL , MOBIUS COIL ACTIVATION,  SCALAR WAVE GENERATION BY BALANCING RIGHT AND LEFT HAND LOBES OF THE BRAIN,  SHANKHAPRAHATI -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Dvau means two , bhuja means hands , karanam means ear in my language Malayalam and in Sanskrit.

In Tamil they call it Thoppu Karanam.  It is derived from thorpi which means with the hands, and “Karnam” = means ears.   Hence “Thorpikaranam.

I am hugely amused to know that our ancient Dvau bhuja karanam  had now been hijacked by the West and patented as Super brain Yoga.  And the best part is they have zilch idea how it works.



May be they might come to our 7000 year old Ganapati temples in India and collect royalty,  when people do this respectful way of worship ( Etham iduka ) – pay up , or else!! 



First watch the short video clip to check out what Dvau bhuja karanam is all about.



When I was in school I myself did this as punishment on many occasions ,  as this was our Sanskrit teachers favorite way of punishment,  in case we forgot the “ramaha - ramou - ramaaha”  shabdam  stuff.

So I grew up thinking that this is a way of punishment. Till one day I went to a temple and saw one of my neighbours ( a dignified and learned old man ) doing it in front of Lord Ganesha statue while offering obeisance.

Later on when I went to my training ship with 250 cadets , with 125 seniors “Murga position” on the table was the favourite method of ragging or hazing.  



Here you have to put your arms under the knees, and believe me it is very difficult to hold opposite ears,  without falling off face first .  And it is great fun for the onlookers—  don’t know why!  



Murga position punishment is accepted by holding the ears on same side, as only a yogi's body is flexible enough to hold opposite side ears . Thy this yourself.



Much later at the age of 30, I was staying in a hotel in Mumbai doing a professional course, and it was Ganesh Chaturthi festival day .  The hotel had made a huge statue of Lord Ganesha at the lobby.  It was late at night and when I went to the reception to collect my room key, I noticed that a very rich Tamil film producer was doing the same thing.  

Both of us walked to the lift , with me following him.  He passed the statue of Ganesha , without noticing it, probably he was a bit inebriated .  He reached the lift and then as if struck by lightning he suddenly realized that he walked past Lord Ganesha without paying his respects.   He literally ran  back, removed his shoes and did the Thoppu Karanam in absolute devotion.  



Probably he wanted his film to succeed at the box office, for Lord Ganesha is the remover of obstacles.  This sight was priceless, and is still etched in my mind .  I called up my wife and while describing this,  she had a nice laugh.



Now what is this Thoppu Karanam ?.

Hence forth throughout this post I will call it TK for easy typing .  

By the way my wife calls me TK – or thanga kudam – which means pot of gold.  


Yeah , why not ?  

If I was a bad loser husband she would have called me “rotten fish basket” , right?  TEE HEEEE!



Is it acupressure as the "we know it all" Yale University scholars claim?  

NONSENSE with a capital all over.  

They just don’t have the perception or the brains to understand ancient Vedic Sanatana Dharma concepts which came from the DNA of seers.   

And in any case we are talking about 5D stuff, which the scientific world cannot imagine yet-they have NOT evolved so far..

Only Nikola Tesla could had the perception to under stand a scalar field or BrahmAN or the morphogenetic consciosness field of Advaita Hinduism.



For if it is simple acupressure on the ear lobes , you don’t have to cross your arms and hold opposite ear lobes.

It is amazing how the West hijacks Indian 8000 year old Hindu yoga and devotional practices and touts it as their own, with their own bullshit spin.

In my post about Ramana Maharshi I has written a para of how Ramana placed one hand on his mother’ s right side of the chest and the other hand on the left brain lobe will she died. So I had some of my friends tell me that maybe I made a typo mistake –for the heart is on the left side of the chest. 

Well NO and YES. ( Hey, since when has Capt Vadakayil become a fence sitter? )

The spiritual ethereal heart is on the right hand side.  And in any case is was about creating a Mobius coil to generate scalar waves. 



He succeeded in giving liberation to his mother ( she was NOT a saint ) and hence she was NOT cremated , but buried in a lotus meditative pose.  The onlookers noted that he was overjoyed and NOT sad when his mother breathed her last. He had done the same with his first disciple Palaniappan and he failed , for as soon as he removed his hands , Palaniappan suddenly opened his eyes and then breathed the last .



Mata Amritanadamayi has hugged 33 million people.   


She transfers by induction , scalar energy from the Mobius coil of her heart.  Are 33 million people , most of the from the west , fools?





The lore goes like this : Lord Vishnu went to  Lord Shiva  for a meeting.  Shiva’s son Ganesha wanted to have a good look at the Sudarshan Chakra which had 108 serrated edges. Ganesha mischievously put the discus in his mouth and would not open it.  



Inspite of much coercing , since Ganesha didnt open his mouth,  Vishnu was in a bind and finally he did Dhorbi karanam ( literal meaning is catching the ears with hands across and squatting and rising) and seeing that comic and unique action-- 



-- little Ganesha started belly laughing ( at this ancient Heimlich maneuver) , and the discus came out.   Since Ganesha was delighted with this action, people as a mode of worshipping him started doing that.


So this Super Brain Yoga has absolutely nothing to do with acupressure of claimed by the morons who have patented India’s ancient Thoppu karanam.  

It has to do primarily with scalar field generation by Mobius coil as is mentioned in our 7000 year old Vedas.  

So it hardly matters whether you left arm is folded first or your thumb or fore finger is inside the earlobe or outside, as claimed by the ignoramus thiefs nay patenters ..


The 12 strand  DNA Mobius coil is the one which gave our ancient Maharishis superhuman powers. You cannot measure Scalar waves of 5 dimensional energy with 4 dimensional equipment. However it can be seen visually by Kirlian cameras and GDV ( gas discharge visualisation ). 

The ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands did NOT need Kirlean cameras as they could broaden their visual sense band and see auras.  



The master cellular control system of the human body is holographic. 5 dimensional standing wave field like Scalar energy can also be produced by machines, electronically, optically or electromagnetically. Scalar waves generated by Mobius coils within the body  protect us from the negative effects of solar radiation and other environmental electromagnetic stresses by constantly producing a neutral field capable of deflecting these harmful non-bio-energetically compatible frequencies.

Thoppu Karanam also has to do with balancing both the brain lobes , all the time keeping the spirit level inside your inner ear cochlea in correct position.  



When the left and right sides of the brain , are in balance the human body generates scalar waves. When two energy fields exactly cancel out each other the 5th dimension is accessed which is all pervasive and has the power to heal.

Now let me introduce you to your own ear. Inside the inner ear is a spiral tube , whose full function has NOT yet been understood by main stream science. This acts as a spirit level which gives you balance. At a young age when we learnt kalari ( the mother of Kung Fu ) we were taught how to immobilize a powerful opponent just by upsetting the spirit level inside his inner ear.



So ready for a journey of self discovery?

OK, stand up and clear some space around you, as you my fall down like a lump of shit while doing it. Put your right hand thumb on the tip of your nose.

Put the tip of the smallest finger into your belly button- this means you have to bend over , and you will be looking into your navel literally.

Now take 5 turns by shuffling one foot and holding the other foot steady as an anchor -- clockwise or anti-clockwise does NOT matter.   These 5 turns must be completed in 15 seconds — no cheating..

Now stand steady without holding anything.

Are you still standing, despite being a bit dizzy? Well you are astronaut material.   

For if you had done 6 turns in 18 seconds, you would have fallen down, like a lump of you know what .  So don’t even try it. .  




Vedic seers used the inner ear method for bending space time. The inner ear cochlea is filled with liquid. Microscopic fine hairs called cilia project out into this liquid and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated. 



A mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.  Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography— due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.  


Mantras are scalar energy based sounds in divine language Sanskrit,  which resonate in the akashik hyperspace.  Mantras can reprogramme your DNA.



Now the human ear indeed has acupuncture points.  Indian temple pujaris and women were the first on this planet to wear ear rings on ear lobes.  On both ears symmetrical of course.  




Ear piercing is for stimulation of the pituitary and pineal glands.

Only an idiot will wear a ear ring only on one single ear, for it defeats the science. Some do it on the right hand side to show that they are gay -- and all game for a pickup by their ilk.



The human ear can be compared to the fetus , in an upside down position.  It is an exact replica.  



The ear (auricle) is the gateway to total brain function via Neurophysiology.   


I will NOT dwell to much into this, as it will be another post.



AAHA!  Now you get the drift why Brahmins put their sacred thread ( poonulu ) around the ear while pissing!





The right lobe of the brain affects the left side of the body , and vice versa —as open brain surgery shows twitches.

The squat while doing Thoppu Karanam is to ensure that your coclea is in use to provide centering or balance.  The sages who meditated on one leg made sure that their cochlea was in operation for centering.
Now I want you to do an experiment.

Stand up , close your eyes , and now lift up one leg with your eyes closed. Check out how many seconds your inner ear spirit level can keep you in balance.   



Indian yogic can stand like this for days together.  They can do tight rope walking over hot coals with eyes blindfolded. The inner ear gives the cycloid spiral space curve motion.  

A person who has access to both sides ( lobes ) of their brain is generating scalar waves and is therefore more in touch with higher levels or higher dimensions of functioning.

Get the drift?

While pressing the earlobes squat down, keeping your back straight. While going down inhale deeply and exhale while coming up, this is most important.



The right ear lobe corresponds to the left brain. The left ear lobe corresponds to the right brain. Hence Thoppu Karanam synchronizes the right and left side of the brain to improve function and promote calmness.


Benefits : Cells get energized. Your mind develops focus, concentration , clarity and sharpness.  If you do 54 Thoppu Karanams daily you will never get Alzheimers disease.  




You will have  emotional stability and level headed approach to problems which confront you.



Super brain Yoga scientists have done studies . In one study the result of an electroencephalograph showed increased amplitude in the Pareto-occipital region of the brain. This is the result of the increased neuron activity of brain after super brain yoga.  They vouch that this is a fast, simple, drug-free method of increasing mental energy stimulates neural pathways in the brain.



Lord Ganesha because he is the Lord of Muladharana, which is the first of all the seven energy chakras in human body, where all the powers of a living being reside in latent form.



Shankaprahati is done before doing Thoppu Karanam. While standing facing Lord Ganesha’s shrine, devotees tap the temples gently three times with the knuckles, fists closed and arms crossed in front of the face.  This action stimulates certain nadis and the cochlea. It synchronizes the right and left side of the brain.

Before Thoppu Karanam is it good to hear the noise of the shankh.  



This is a harmonic of Hindu King mantra OM of frequency 7.83 hertz, which is also the earths heart beat called Schumann’s resonance .  



The pathway of the longitudinal sound waves through the passages of the shell conch follows the golden mean spiral, and it has a positive effect on the cochlea spiral, which is basically a scalar wave generator when impinged by longitudinal sound waves of desired frequency.  




This has been noticed by using Kirlean cameras.  Scalar fields permeate the body tissues and enhance ion transport at cellular level..   In every Hindu temple a shank conch exists.


Dvau Bhuja Karanam stimulates the Amygdala.  You enter a mysterious state of psychological flow.  In this state you can easily overcome problems be highly productive and disregard distractions.  
********************************************************************
BLACK IS BLACK , WHITE IS WHITE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IS BLACK REALLY BLACK , IS WHITE REALLY WHITE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Boxing is a lot of white men watching two black men beat each other up.-Muhammad Ali 






A black cat crossing your path signifies that the animal is going somewhere -- Groucho Marx 








An Indian Dr Ranjan Batra professor of neurobiology  found out after 150 years of official abolishment of slavery in USA,  that by deliberate Jewish big brother ennui and oversight, it was still NOT official.   

In Nov 2012 , by chance he found out that one state — Mississippi — had not ratified the Amendment.
US Congress passed the 13th Amendment ending slavery, but there was an asterisk against Mississippi ,that piqued Dr Batra’s curiosity..

It turned out that after Congress voted for the 13th Amendment in January 1864, the measure went to the states for ratification. On February 7, 2013, just about two weeks ago, Charles Barth, director of the Federal Register, acknowledged receipt of the ratification and confirmed that "With this action, the State of Mississippi has ratified the 13th Amendment to the Constitution of the United States" , and the errant asterisk was removed. 


Punch into Google search BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL

Poor Yanks they don’t even know what happens in their corridors of power.  

They do NOT even wonder why Obama and Mitt Romney were fighting bitterly during the last US presidential election debate, as to who allows more daylight in the tight embrace between USA and Israel, and who prays first in the morning for Israel’s welfare.


  

Can you imagine , just over 150 years ago, one set of Americans owned another set of Americans, just because of the color of skin pigmentation.  The skin texture and construct is absolutely the same.  By the same argument, albinos in a black society must lord over the rest.

A black cat isn't black skinned , they just have black fur.  The skin color is the same as that of a white cat. 




So what makes people make thumb rules over black and white color?  Is is not worth a thought?




Will a black horse get a complex when it sees a white horse? 



Will it attempt to shave off its fur- or perm it or straighten it out or whatever?


Opera Winfrey goes ballistic with her self righteous beliefs.  Why is she ashamed of her Afro hair? Why does she have to bleach her face?


In western culture, white and black traditionally symbolize the dichotomy of good and evil, metaphorically.  In as much as when Saint Francis Xavier came to India, wrote back to the Pope ( who always wears white ) telling him that the Hindus worship evil black gods.  

Can you imagine that this set the stage for an inquisition?



Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL. 


Till the internet age , this shocking holocaust was kept under wraps.


BLACK IS A GOOD ABSORBER AND A GOOD RADIATOR , BUT A BAD REFLECTOR .  
WHITE IS A BAD ABSORBER AND A BAD RADIATOR , BUT A GOOD REFLECTOR.

This is why Arabs in all their cultural wisdom made their women wear black, to keep them comfortable indoors inside the desert tents , for if they go in the sun light they will roast.   Arab men wear white, to keep them outdoors in the sunlight--if they come inside the tent they will roast.  Cricket players who need to stand in the sun the whole day wear white. 

This is why in the tropics humans are black skinned, as in the shade the black skin radiates body heat away.  And in the artic the eskimos are white skinned, and use white clothes too, so that the body skin bag and the clothes retains heat , it does NOT radiate it away. Black clothes would be more visible against white snow background , right?  It is NOT about visibility, it is about temperature control and survival. 

This is why car radiators are black and kettles are silver. This is why computer laptops and music systems are black and fridges are white. 

Indian women since 6 millenniums always wore kaajol or kohl or lamp black on their eyes- not to make them look attractive - but for scientific reasons, to radiate the heat away.  Same for the black pubic hair and black hair in the arm pits.  Blondes are not born in the tropics. You can kill a black man in the tropics by painting his balls white. 

On my ship if I suspect anybody to be malingering , saying he has fever, I just tell him to drop his pants. If his balls are hanging loose it means he is having fever. In cold weather the balls go up.  

It makes sense to have a white or silver car in the tropics , so that you don’t have to fit TWO air conditioners. On a hot day you can fry eggs on your black coloured car kept in the sun.

About one fourth of the weight of a formula one race car or even a ordinary oil truck tire is carbon black, to avoid building up an electrostatic charge, to make the rubber electrically conducting and to make the tire radiate heat away- lest it melts. 

Indians worshipped a black extra-terrestrial stone SHIVA LINGUM -- since the past 9000 years. It radiates energy .

In the visible spectrum, white reflects light and is a presence of all colors, but black absorbs light and is an absence of color.

On January 16, 2008, researchers from Troy, New York’s Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute announced the creation of the darkest material on the planet. The material, which reflects only .045 percent of light, was created from carbon nanotubes stood on end. This is 1/30 of the light reflected by the current standard for blackness, and one third the light reflected by the previous record holder for darkest substance.

A material is said to be black if most incoming light is absorbed equally in the material. Light (electromagnetic radiation in the visible spectrum) interacts with the atoms and molecules, which causes the energy of the light to be converted in to other forms of energy, usually heat. This means that black surfaces can act as thermal collectors, absorbing light and generating heat. Absorption of light is contrasted by transmission, reflection and diffusion, where the light is only redirected, causing objects to appear transparent, reflective or white respectively.

Before Isaac Newton, most scientists believed that white was the fundamental color of light. Newton demonstrated that this was not true by passing white light through a prism, breaking it up into its composite colors, and then using a second prism to reassemble them. 

Thief Newton who did NOT have a single original idea of his own, stole this as we have this phenomenon in our ancient Hindu temples in India.

Punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL



When the photonic or light energy is absorbed by the atoms that make up the paint, the electron shells of those atoms expand. Each atom will eventually pull the electron shells back in where they belong into their original place. When that happens, a specific amount of the absorbed energy is emitted or released by the atom.

That is the energy that we see.

The atoms that make up paint that we view as a dark color such as black, keep more energy than they give back. That is why they heat up faster, they are holding onto more energy.

The atoms that make up paint that we view as a light color such as white, give back more energy than they keep, this is why they feel cooler than darker colors and take longer to heat up.



I was watching the slick movie Die Hard ( starringBruce Willis ) , where this cocaine snortin’ jerk Harry Ellis introduces himself to the villain Hans Gruber as his “White knight” 



So what does a "White Knight" mean?   And how different is he from a "Black Knight" ?




A white knight is ze knight in shining armour,  someone who comes to another person's rescue, someone perceived as being good and noble.  This means the black knight is a loser, right?.




A white knight in finance is a friendly investor who steps in to rescue a company from a hostile takeover. In American westerns, like the Lone Ranger, traditionally wore a white hat, while the villains like baddie Lee Van Cleef wore black hats.

The white man has made sure that white is the color most often associated with goodness, purity, innocence, honesty, virtue, perfection, cleanliness , peace, humility, positivity , chastity and exactitude.  

You could wear a white coat , gloves and shoes and walk in anywhere without a password. 



That reminds me Roman Emperor Caligula's password was "scrotum".

Angels were always dressed in white and were of course white skinned. 



Ordinary priests wear black. Bishops wear violet, cardinals wear red, and outside a church, only the middleman Pope , with a hotline to Jesus can wear white.



The lowest hierarchy in Catholic pedigree wore black, and their robes got lighter as they clawed their way up the ladder. Saint Francis Xavier himself wore black, when he found Indian Hindu gods black and repulsive.




Virgin Mary wore white.  The white lamb which sat on Mary’s lap , became the symbol of sacrifice in Christianity.  


The white Unicorn , yeah the one with a single horn, could be captured only by a bhaarjeen  nay virgin.  

Digression: I am reminded of a masterpiece Malayalam movie AKALE, where the young D'Costa girl wastes away in a sanatorium in the end.  Her brother's friend an Anglo-Indian Freddy who has come for dinner breaks the unicorn horn ( a glass figurine which she made ) by mistake , and she says she does NOT mind , and she likes her unicorn without a horn now-- alluding she does NOT mind losing her virginity to him..and then he confesses that he is engaged . This movie won 2 national awards. It should have won much more. 



That reminds me, "like a bharjeen" song of Madonna was the favorite party song of one of my Bong Junior engineers'.  He used to have everybody in splits. By the time he finished , our ribs and sides ached out of too much laughing.


Judges  and aristrocracy wore powdered white wigs and white stockings.




A white lie is an innocent lie told out of politeness—how do you like that?




The Ku Klux Klan was a racist and anti-immigrant organization which flourished in the Southern United States after the American Civil War. They wore white robes and hoods, burned crosses and violently attacked and murdered black Americans, just because they were black and hence inferior..


To whitewash something is to conceal an unpleasant reality. Amartya Sen white washed Churchill's black deeds ( genocide of 5..2 million Indians ) and he got for himslef a Nobel Prize.



Punch into Google search AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL


A white paper is an authoritative report on a major issue by a team of experts-- a government report outlining policy-- or a short treatise whose purpose is to educate industry customers. 


Associating a report with white signifies clean honest facts and unbiased information.



White charities , white human rights organisations and white non-profit organizations denote something good and positive,  while in reality they are mostly subversive Trojan horses( in third world countries).  

They bribe “banana republic”  governments and almost all ruling and opposition ministers , main stream media , police , judiciary etc are in their payroll.  

They stoop so low morally that some do export of human body parts, like kidneys 


Until 1972 agents of the Federal Bureau of Investigation were required to wear white shirts with their suits, to project the correct and clean image of the FBI.

 

White Rose was a non-violent resistance group in Nazi Germany.




The Church of Latter Day Saints, or Mormon church, ( Rothschild funded religion ) allow only white clothing to be worn inside once they have been officially dedicated, due to white symbolizing purity.



So much purity- SNIFF ! BOOO HOOOOOO !!!



As per Gandhi, the white colour of the Indian tricolor national flag represents truth and Ahimsa.






And the white dove of course stands for peace!— don’t ask me how many pieces.



Now let us examine the color black.



Black color is touted by the white man to represent darkness , mystery, invisible danger, evil, depression, death, negativity , unhappiness , bad forces etc   .



A black hearted guy is an evil guy-- and a blackguard , a scoundrel of the first order.



Black sheep is  an outcast from a family or from society, for he is a no gooder.


Black market is illegal trade  (goods or money).



By blackmail you wrangle something by threat



A blacklist is list of people or organizations to boycott, avoid, or punish.



Let me digress, to black salute.  Well you can get punished for that.





In Mexico Olympics, black U.S. athlete Tommie Smith won the 200 metre race with a world-record time of 19.83 seconds.  Australia's Peter Norman finished second with a time of 20.06 seconds, and the U.S.A's John Carlos won third place with a time of 20.10 seconds.  

As they turned to face their flags and hear the American national anthem (The Star-Spangled Banner), they each raised a black-gloved fist and kept them raised until the anthem had finished. Smith, Carlos and Australian silver medalist Peter Norman wore human rights badges on their jackets. 

This was construed as a black power salute , NOT a human right’s campaign.  The entire white audience booed. 

It was for those black African slaves thrown off the side of the ships in the middle passage. Smith later said, "If I win, I am American, not a black American. But if I did something bad, then they would say I am a Negro. We are black and we are proud of being black. Black America will understand what we did tonight."  

The two athletes were expelled from the Games. International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Avery Brundage who was president of the United States Olympic Committee in 1936, had made no objections against Nazi salutes during the Berlin Olympics. 

Time magazine showed the five-ring Olympic logo with the words, "Angrier, Nastier, Uglier", instead of "Faster, Higher, Stronger". Back home, they were subject to abuse and they and their families received death threats. 


Internationally, in a 2011 speech to the University of Guelph, Akaash Maharaj, a member of the Canadian Olympic Committee and head of Canada's Olympic Equestrian team, said, "In that moment, Tommie Smith, Peter Norman, and John Carlos became the living embodiments of Olympic idealism. Ever since, they have been inspirations to generations of athletes like myself, who can only aspire to their example of putting principle before personal interest. It was their misfortune to be far greater human beings than the leaders of the IOC of the day."



Anarchism is political philosophy and its symbol is a black flag.





In auto racing, a black flag signals a driver to go into the pits as a disqualification, or penalty.

In Europe and America, black is the color most commonly associated with mourning and bereavement. It is the color traditionally worn at funerals and memorial services. 



In some traditional societies, for example in Greece and Italy, some widows wear black for the rest of their lives.


Black is used to remember massacres. Black months include the Black September in Jordan, when large numbers of Palestinians were killed, and Black July in Sri Lanka, the killing of members of the Tamil population by the Sinhalese government. 



In the financial world, the term often refers to a dramatic drop in the stock market.  For example, the Wall Street Crash -- the stock market crash on October 29, 1929, which is the start of the Great Depression, is nicknamed Black Tuesday .



The Black Chamber was a term given to an US office which secretly opened and read diplomatic mail and broke codes.  Founded in 1919 , its covert mission, was to break the diplomatic communications  of other nations.  




Black ops are covert operations carried out by a government, government agency or military. 




To blackball someone is to block their entry into a club or some such institution. In the traditional English gentlemen's club, members vote on the admission of a candidate by secretly placing a white or black ball in a hat. If upon the completion of voting, there was even one black ball amongst the white, the candidate would be denied membership, and he would never know who had "blackballed" him.



 In computer security, a black hat is an attacker with evil intentions.



Black magic is a destructive or evil form of magic. Evil witches are stereotypically dressed in black .




"Black and white thinking" is the false dichotomy of assuming anything not good is evil and vice versa. Like US president Bush who said “ If you are not with me you are against me”

How many of you know of an incident where they threatened to snatch away Usain Bolt’s gold medal at the Olympics.

You see white like super-brat  John McEnroe are allowed to get away with blue murder— never a black.   Usain Bolt is slave stock , right?

LONDON OLYMPICS 2012, 4X100 METERS RELAY, USAIN BOLT POWERS JAMAICA TO GOLD VADAKAYIL


This was just a sordid repeat of the Beijing Olympics when IOC President Jacques fu#kin' Rogge, the Belgian, threatened to strip Usain Bolt off his world record and gold medal in the 100 metres dash, as the black man show boated before he crossed the finish line.  It was conveniently construed as disrespecting the also-rans -- read that as the white supremacist committee.

Well, times are changing, folks!!



In India and the East, white is the color for mourning and funerals.  


Nobody wants a white elephant , it may be rare. A white elephant is an idiom for a valuable but burdensome possession of which its owner cannot dispose and whose cost of up keep is out of proportion to its usefulness or worth.

A white flag shows cowardly surrender.



A white knuckle is what you have when you are mortally afraid and crapped in your pants or petticoats as the case may be.

The white feather is a symbol of cowardice of a chicken hearted guy- nay a pussy.



White foods are bad for health and to be avoided like the plague. The "No White Foods Diet" offers a good rule of thumb to use when making wise food choices. Not only does it cut down high glycemic index foods in the diet, but it also encourages the eating of more nutritiously dense food.




Black tie is a formal attire.


A Black belt in martial arts can kick the ass of a white belt.


In the black means - having money, doing well in business.

Black is now a color of power, law and authority.  In many countries judges and magistrates wear black robes.

Black today is the most common color for limousines and the official cars of government officials.


Black evening dress is still worn at many solemn occasions or ceremonies, from graduations to formal balls. .

Black is the color most commonly associated with fashion and elegance. 


Black is the color that goes with everything. If you're wearing black, you're on sure ground. If in doubt wear black. Black is also a very powerful color that also portrays one of class  and wealth. Classy clothing is designed in black from the "power suit" to the "sexy black dress" to formal "black-tie attire". 

Black indicates power, sexuality, sophistication, formality, elegance, wealth, mystery, depth, and style. In many cultures –example, Japanese culture, black is also associated with honor


And last but NOT the least , most white women dream of , and secretly lust for a big black,  you know what.


See how times change!
********************************************************************
ALCHEMIST SIDDHAS , THE MERCURY EATERS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

RASA SUTHI , GAURI CHINTAMANI ,  SHAKTIPATH , SOMA  , MAHARISHI AGASTYA ,  RISHI THERAYAR OF KERALA  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 

Three weeks ago the United Nations has declared a ban on mercury use for manufacturing medicines for commercial purpose wef January 2013.

Well what do these morons know!

This will be as difficult as describing the ocean to a frog who was born in a well and has just jumped out it.  For this frog , the well is its universe.

In the famous epic Mahabharata, Draupadi the wife of the Pandavas wipes off her sindoor , the spot of red, in disgust and despair at the happenings in Hastinapur, 7000 years ago.  






Sindhoor is a compound of mercury and is applied on the middle upper part of the forehead at the parting line of the hair ( maang ) of every married Hindu woman.  



Sindhoor is a compound of mercury.  Widows do NOT apply sindhoor.  This red pigment vermilion, a pure form of mercuric sulfide, is traditionally obtained by reaction of mercury ( produced by reduction from cinnabar ) with sulfur, since the past 9000 years in India.  All in India are aware of how deadly a poison Mercury is , and how even a more deadly poison a mercury vapor ion is.





You may argue , there is no mercury in India, today .  Well Kirghistan , Afghanistan and the whole of Himalayas was a part of India , when we dabbled with mercury to make flying saucer ( Vimana ) mercury ion vortex gyroscopic engines.  



When the Egyptian pyramids was made, by the Maharishis from Kerala , the kings chamber granite coffin was full of mercury, which produced a blue plasma plume at the apex of the pyramid, which lit of thousand s of miles around at night , with a healing glow, which kept away locusts etc.



The ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland did NOT have to consume Soma.
The 7000 year old Rig Veda, written in Sanskrit, has 117 hymns about a wonder elexir by the name of Soma. 

We have drunk the Soma;
We have become immortal;
We have gone to the light;
We have found the gods  
Rig Veda 8.48 - 5000 BC

The lesser Rishis and Munis consumed Soma, a rare mushroom, which contained Mercury, Iridium and Rhodium.   The mineral content in mushrooms is dependent on the content of mineral in the soil and the humus content in the soil.

Over 6% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight,  is Rhodium and Iridium. 5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements.



During heightened activation the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to the atoms.

It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic consciousness, the Maharishi mind and ESP and spiritual phenomena  Kundalini has the  effect of stimulating an increased flow of ions upping the body’s dipole and increasing the EMF. 


A cell possesses two characteristics—capacitance and inductance—which are the elements of a tuned circuit like a radio.  The cell must be tuned to the desired frequency .

Maharishi Agastya , a Siddhars is the world’s first alchemist.  His first disciple Rishi Therayar was worshipped by Thirayyars the ocean navigating Kerala community of the plains.  The mountain people on Western Ghats were called Malayyars.



The Siddhas would make Shiva Lingams with Palladium group  metals infused in mercury.  One such Mercury Shiva Lingam was found by the Templar Knights in Jerusalem under the Solomon Temple, after which they left Christianity and started worshipping  Narasimhan — the Hindu half man Half lion God, an avatar of Lord Vishnu..

Punch into Google search SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS  VADAKAYIL



Maharshi Agasta was the first to solidify mercury through the use of Kerala herbs. Images made of mercury were considered as powerful conduits for gods and goddesses to come to the earth plane.

The Siddhas also consumed purified mercury, Iridium , Rhodium  and gold in order to achieve physical immortality.  The ascended masters popularized by Madame Blavatsky of the Theosophical society are the ancient Siddhars.  

These amazing alchemists have been pushed back in history by 7000 years by the English speaking Christian historians,  for as per the Bible the big bang happened in 4004 BC..


Nano particles of  high energy iridium and rhodium and iridium function so similarly that they are often called twins.  Rhodium and iridium assist in the efficiency and performance of the neural circuitry, in the synaptic connections. Using these increases clarity and discerning power of the brain.

Soma which is a natural mushroom found in the Himalayas ( not seen any more ) have potent anti-aging properties, as they contain mercury, iridium and rhodium.  



Note: Above mushroom is NOT a Soma mushroom.

In any case the mushroom is just a part of the ingredients which go into the Soma elexir .

The major ingredient of Soma elexir is juice extracted from a creeper which was picked on special days of the dark lunar fortnight.  It was placed in an earthen pitcher and buried underground until the full moon. Then it was removed and the juice was extracted and taken.  Drinking Soma induced immediate explosion into  higher consciousness.  By consuming Soma a human being can raise his Kundalini instantly. The sages could separate the self from the body and travel astrally.

Nowadays modern physics dabbles with iridium , as in high spin they has been shown to have antigravity capabilities, and have been tried out in levitation experiments. 

The Kundalini ascent and descent can be assisted by Palladium group metals. Rhodium serves as the downflow of energy around the spinal column, iridium serves us the upflow.  When these two are in balance, there is maximum coherence of these two energy currents. 

The two serpents coiled around a staff and surmounted by wings as the caduceus, is the symbol of Western medicine ( copied from Kundalini ) . Vedas and Indian medicine of Charaka 4200 BC have used gold and silver ion nano technology .

Nano particle crystals which are not only bio absorbable, but are bonded with hydrogen to carry out specific electrical instructions in the body, including the activation of  inert DNA.  Considering you have 97%  junk DNA and the original god made 12 strand DNA is now reduced to 2 strand DNA , you may find what I write interesting. First you need to discard Newton and Darwin in the garbage bin.

Electric current which cause  a plasma-like reaction in a chamber with inert gases and is always either neon blue or indigo . Particles are in the size range of 110 nanometers (a nanometer is one-billionth of a meter). Most of these cannot be detected by conventional analytical methods because the elements themselves "vibrate" out of the spectral range of the element.


One Siddha Guru was Maharishi Patanjali, who gifted the world the Science of Yoga.



Marco Polo came to Malabar ( Kerala ) in 1293, and has made records of Siddha alchemy.  He records a meeting he had with a group of ”yogi alchemists who, by preparing a tincture of mercury and sulfur, were afforded a lifespan of  50-200 years”.  



Siddhars had the knowledge of converting  inorganic substances into nano and  ionic form which is easily absorbed by the human cells . This is achieved by pulverising with rare herbal juices on a fire.

Mercury, is widely used in Siddha medicine.  Mercury, a killer poison, is converted into healing nectar, when properly purified and processed.  Siddhars used  Mercury not only to cure innumerable diseases, but also to rejuvenate the body and promote longevity.  

Siddhars properly processed Mercury by adding certain organic juices and subjected it to various processes of sodhana and marana before using it for medicinal preparations.   




Lord Siva is the Adi Siddha - the Primal Siddha.


The method of processing mercury for therapeutic purposes is known as RASA SUTHI in Siddha system of medicine, and was handed over by word of mouth from Lord Shiva to his wife Goddess Parvati to her son Lord Murugan to Maharishi Agastya.  Agasthya taught this science of alchemy to 18 Siddhars. 



Above: Siddhars lives for very long time-- anything more than 250 years .

In Hindu theology, Siddhashrama is a secret land deep in the frozen Himalayas, where great yogis, sadhus and sages who are siddhas live. The Siddhars consume the mercury based elexir, and then along with prolonged meditation and pranayama reduce the  the number of breaths they take in a period of 24 hours.

Mercury, which the white Christian man calles Siva's semen (sic!) , is a poison for the uninitiated  but for the initiated alchemist, who knows how to de-toxify  it and pulverize it to nano ions, it is the nectar of immortality.

Siddhars never used raw liquid Mercury as such for therapeutic purposes.  Mercury , a  deadly poison is made into an amazing elixir, Gowri Chintamani , by Siddhars using various amalgamation processes.
Rasa Suthi means, is not about mere removal of impurities from Mercury but it a secret method to remove toxicity. 

By impregnating and triturating with organic material, like juices,decoctions of herbs etc., they are made homologous to the tissue cells and their toxicity is reduced and acceptability to the cell is increased.  During this process certain organic and inorganic materials are added to Mercury, which helps to increase its medicinal efficacy and safety.

Jarana, is a method of  stadial consumption or digestion of ever increasing quantities of mica or sulfur by mercury, until mercury is de-toxified and harnessed.  This is a progressive operation, in which mercury, in successive operations, gets calcinated. At each stage in this process, the mercury gets physically and chemically altered. 

 In the first stage, where it consumes one sixty-fourth of its mass of mica,  mercury becomes rodlike (dandavat).  It next takes on the various consistencies till it become like butter.  In its final stage in which mercury swallows one-half its mass of mica, it becomes a spherical solid. 



Then in a sequence called khecari jarana,  mercury is made to absorb vast quantities of powdered gemstones, the densest substances known to man.  At the conclusion of this process, mercury takes the shape of a linga.  The alchemist who ingests this mercury is immediately transported to the realms of the gods, Siddhas, and Vidyadharas.

In alchemy, the mercury rasa substitutes itself for human bodily fluids and thereby transforms a body of flesh and blood into a golden (svarna), adamantine (vajra), or perfected body (siddha) body 




They are known as panchasutha.  Agasthiyar , Thirumular and Bogar , three of the Siddhars in the lineage of the 18 Siddhars have contributed to the preparation of mercury laden Siddha medicines which can regenerate human cells.

According to tradition, there were 18 Siddhars ( with  extra-ordinary powers due to raised Kundalini ): Agastya , Nandi,  Punnakkeesar, Pulasthiyar, Poonaikannar, Idaikkadar, Bogar, Pulikai isar, Karuvurar, Konkanavar, Kalangi, Sattainathar, Azhuganni, Agappai, Pumbatti, Theraiyar and Kudhambai.  Agasthiyar ( Mharishi Agastya) was the topmost.

According to Siddha alchemy, Mercury is the representation of male (Shiva) form and the chemical element sulfur associated in the solidification process considered as the representation of female (Shakti or Gauri, consort of Shiva) form. 


It is amazing that this was known 8000 years ago , as today we know that mercury reacts with atmospheric hydrogen sulfide.  Modern science has determined that solid sulphur flakes must be used in mercury spill kits to absorb mercury vapors .

When mercury is used in Siddha tradition , it is used in combination with sulphur.  The addition of sulphur is to control the fluidity of mercury- this converts to mercuric sulphite which is insoluble in mineral acids.  

Siddhas used 5 forms of mercury. (1) mercury metal-rasam (2) red sulphide of mercury-lingam (3) mercury chloride- veeram (4) mercury subchloride (mercury chloride)-pooram (5) red oxide of mercury-rasa chenduram. Ordinary rasa chenduram (red oxide of mercury) is a poison but when it is processed as Poorna chandrodayam according to Siddha practice, it becomes an ambrosia.

The safest and most consistent way that a kundalini awakening  is through the tradition of Shaktipat Kundalini Initiation . Shaktipat means the descent of divine cosmic energy from beyond.  Either it arises from you and joins God’s energy or it flows from God and joins you . 

It descends every day faster than light . And this energy chooses for its vehicle a person who is empty in every way, who is utterly egoless , like Ramama Maharshi.  Ego disqualifies a person for being a medium for shaktipat.

He alone turns into its catalytic agent, just a vehicle and nothing else.  But even if a little trace of ego is there, even if he thinks that he can do it, he ceases to be the conduit. Then energy cannot channel and flow from him.  Divine energy cannot flow through a person with ego. 

An egoless person is a total void, really who does not do a thing – then through his emptiness, lies the passage for divine energy. Shaktipat facilitates the awakening of consciousness by drawing out the spiritual energy and awareness of the student.

A Siddha Guru is capable of giving Shaktipat by his divine word, touch, glance and even thought.  Shaktipat is an ancient Siddha method of awakening and activating the Kundalini in the shortest possible time.The Shaktipat is not like a Reiki attunement for instant gratification , like instant coffee. 

By the way Reiki originated in India and was re-invented after 4000 years by a Japanese man Mikhao Usui.

The Chinese tried to copy our Siddha mercury elixir without proper understanding. So, the first emperor of China, Qín Shǐ Huáng Dì was killed by drinking a mercury and powdered jade mixture formulated by Qin alchemists (causing liver failure, mercury poisoning, and brain death). He got instant death instead of eternal life.

Agastya is the greatest of the Seven Sages  or  Saptarshis. Sage Agastya appeared to Rama when he was despondent at the impending war with Ravana and instructed him in the use of Aditya Hridayam, a hymn praising the Sun God. Agastya also composed Saraswati Stotram. 

Agastya and his clan are also credited to have"authored"  many  mantras  of  the  7000 year old Rig  Veda  Agastya  is  also  the  author  of Agastya Samhita. Maharishi Agastya or Kumba-Muni or Agasthiar, attained Soruba Samadhi in Thiruvanantha Puram (Anantha Sayanam), in Kerala.

Agastya's legacy is associated with the Chengannur Temple in Kerala, India. This temple was first built by Agasthya , where he sat in meditation. Here Siva-Parvathy’s idols are worshiped in the same temple. One half of the temple is dedicated to Lord Siva and the other half behind Siva is dedicated to Goddess Parvati.  Chengannoor, is also known as the Gateway to Sabarimala Temple.  

This ancient temple is one of the 108 Shakti Peethas dedicated to Sati. After Vishnu disemembered Shiva’s wife Sati’s body, into 108 parts, her reproductive organs fell at Chengannur.   I Have given the story in my post.

ShaktipEEt is NOT to be confused with ShaktipAt.

Punch into google serach VEDIC HINDU FIRE TEMPLE OF BAKU ATESHGAH AZERBAIJAN VADAKAYIL, where I have talked about Shaktipeets.

Here is the lore--


Like I said , at Chengannur, the yoni mandala or female reproductive organ of Shiva’s first wife Sati fell, which explains why the Devi gets her monthly periods here.  The temple at Chengannur is set on a six-acre area, and was renovated by Lord Parashurama , an avatar of Vishnu is 4000 BC.


The legend of this Chengannur temple describes how Siva and 2nd wife Parvati came to reside here. It was the wedding day of Parvati and Parameswara at Mount Kailaish.  All thirty-three crores of devas (gods) and asuras (demons) had assembled for this grand occasion.  It looked as though the earth would tilt toward the north because of the undue weight of the huge gathering on that side. 



Siva grew anxious. He summoned sage Agastya, a long time devotee, and asked him to proceed to the south to maintain the balance of the world.  Sage Agastya felt sorely disappointed, as he would miss the celestial wedding. Parameswara understood his feelings and assured him that he would see everything through divine sight.  Further, Siva promised that after the ceremony he, with his consort would come to the south and grant him darshan (blessings).

Accordingly, sage Agastya journeyed to the south and selected that part of the Sahyadri called Sonadri for his meditation.  True to his word, Siva went there with Parvati and blessed the loyal sage.  While there, the Parvati had her menses.  The divine couple therefore stayed here in Chengannur for twenty-eight days after the purifying bath.  Even today the deity, who is cast in panchoaloha (colorful dress), gets her periods, a phenomenon that is not heard of in any other temples.  In the olden days it occurred regularly every month.  Now this divine menses occurs only three or four times a year.

There are rituals that the priests of the temple must perform upon each menses. The priest performs the daily ritual of changing the clothes worn by the deities. If upon inspection, there are signs of bleeding, the priest sends the petticoat to the traditional residence of the temple Tantri (female priest). Here it is scrutinized again and confirmed to be the blood from the menses. This stained petticoat is then sold to the public as a blessing from the deity.


In Java, there is a huge ancient temple dedicated to Maharishi Agastyar. The temple of Angor Wat in Cambodia is laid out according to the Vaasthu principles found in the writings of the Siddhas.

Siddhars used Cannabis or Marijuana in their thavaram medicinal concoctions.  Mahasiddhas were tantric practitioners, and some of them come to the Maha Kumbh mela.

Here is a brief summary of the classifications of Siddha medicine.

1. Uppu (Lavanam): drugs that dissolve in water and decrepitate when put into fire giving off vapours. (water soluble inorganic compounds). There are 25 varieties and are called kara-charam, salts and alkalis.
2. Pashanam: drugs that do not dissolve in water but give off vapours when put into fire(water insoluble inorganic compounds)
3. Uparasam: drugs that do not dissolve in water (chemicals similar to Pashanam but differing in their actions) such as mica, magnetic iron, antimony, zinc sulphate, iron pyrites, ferrous sulphate.
4. Loham: metals and minerals alloys (water insoluble, melt in fire, solidify on cooling)such as gold, silver copper, iron, tin and lead
5. Rasam: drugs which are soluble, sublime when put in fire, changing into small crystals -mercury amalgams and compounds of mercury, arsenic.
6. Gandhakam:sulphur insoluble in water , burns off when put into fire
7. Ratnas and uparatnas: thirteen varieties are described-coral, lapis-lazli, pearls, diamonds, jade, emerald, ruby, sapphire, opal, vaikrantham, rajavantham, spatikam harin mani.

Mercury is antibacterial and antisyphilitic; sulphur is used against  scabies and skin diseases, rheumatoid arthritis, spasmodic asthma, jaundice,  blood poisoning, and internally as a stool softener; gold is effective against  rheumatoid arthritis, and as a nervine tonic, an antidote, and a sexual  timulant;  arsenic cures all fevers, asthma, and anaemia; copper is used to treat leprosy,  skin diseases, and to improve the blood; and iron is effective against anaemia,  jaundice, and as a general tonic for toning the body. In terms of  herbal drugs, the Siddha practitioners have a materia medica  of  at least 108 plants and plant products from Kerala Western Ghats and as far as the Himalayas.

Siddha Medicine in Tamil Nadu may has connections with Visha Vaidya (poison-doctor) tradition practised  by certain Namboodiri Brahmins of  Kerala, when it comes to organic side..





Tamilians go a bit overboard with Siddha pride.   

They dont even know how old their precious Siddha tradition is.  

They dont know that the white Christian invader in collusion with the Tamil Iyers have pushed this alchemy back by 7000 years in time.

Well it is OK to be proud, but hanging a globule of solid mercury on the chest touching the skin will NOT do anything for you.  I had replied to one of my readers vide the comments column.

Siddhar Tirumular  spake:--
"Enter the tenth one."
I took what was given me
and put it in my mouth.

And a bunch
of mercurial amalgams
I tied onto my wrist.
Off I went.
Entering the universe
of fire and light.

The ones of the wrist is NOT for hanging, but for oral consumption , later on in time.

If you buy one liter of liquid mercury in the market, after the processing you get 180 grams of solid mercury.  I would rather suggest you hang a black body like Black Onxy stone on your chest, instead of the silver coloured mercury globule..



There are 6 Siddha medical colleges in Tamil nadu and one in Kerala catering to the needs of those who are interested in leaning siddha medicine course for 5 and half years and post-graduate specialization courses for two years.   

Siddha system of medicine has also been recognized for the purpose of reimbursement of medical treatment under the central services, well I guess this is enough incentive. 

I must caution that unlike Ayurveda which used only safe and quickly biodegradable organic stuff , Siddha strain which dabbles with toxic inorganic stuff , has too many quacks.




The Dhyanalinga is a Yogic temple located 30 km  from Coimbatore, India. Dhyanalinga temple was consecrated using prana prathista by Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev, a yogi and mystic. The Dhyanalinga Yogic Temple offers a meditative space. At this temple complex there is Theerthakund. Theerthakund is a subterranean tank located 35 ft below holds a mercury lingam immersed in water. People can take a dip in this water before they go to the Dhyanalinga temple.



As per Tamil Siddha literature ulta sadhana (contrary practice) which states that when sex energy is sublimated and transmuted the yogin rises above the sense of identity with the physical body. This state is technically called urdhareta . This technique taught in Kriya Yoga converts sex energy into spiritual .

Hey, this is for very old men who can never get a boner, OK?   

And don’t get carried away and lose your common sense by Tamil pride  claims of living a thousand years etc by eating mercury and minerals, in this modern age.  The old Siddhars lived long ONLY because they had raised Kundalinis and 12 strand DNA.  

And nobody has been born on this planet with 12 strand DNA at least for 4000 years— at least since Adi Shankaracharya, who mastered the Vedas the age of 5.

And to find out who started this thing about eternal living Tamil Siddha masters, punch into Google search   MADAME HELENA PETROVNA BLAVATSKY,  A CON WOMAN  VADAKAYIL.   

Sorry, to disappoint my Tamilian readers.

Below Maharishi Agastya--in South India he is indeed the cat's whiskers.




When I was in Junior school , my parents made it compulsory for me to take Agastya Rasayanam-- my mom made it at home in a big Uruli.  See picture below.  It was supposed to improve physical strength and add lustrous outshine to the body.  Maybe that it why at the age of 57 , your truly does not have a line on his face..




Modern Reiki of Dr Mikhao Usui is taken out of 6000 year old  Kalari, the martial art of Kerala, India.  You have to lose your fear of injury, pain and death before this “hands on” healing can be effective.  Strange are the mysteries of this universe.

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
Grace and peace!


Yogarathova Bhogarathova
Sangarathova Sangaviheenah
yasyath Brahmani ramathe chittam
nandhathi nandhathi nandha theva(2)

"Let one revel in Yoga or let him revel in enjoyment or let him seek enjoyment in the crowd or let him revel in solitude away from the crowd. He whose mind revels in Brahman,﻿ he enjoys, verily he alone enjoys."

Sathsangathve Nissangathvam,
Nissangathve Nirmohathvam,
Nirmohathve Nischala Tathvam
Nischalatathve Jeevanmukti

"By good company, attain detachment. By detachment, get rid of delusion. By freedom from delusion, attain equanimity. By﻿ equanimity, attain liberation."


Punarapi jananam punarapi maranam, (2)
Punarapi janani jatare sayanam,
Iha samsaare bahodusthare,
Krupayaa pare pahi murare.

"Again and again one is born, And again and again one dies, And again and again one﻿ sleeps in the mother’s womb, Help me to cross, This limitless sea of Life, Which is uncrossable, my Lord"


Bhaja Govindam, Bhaja Govindam,
Govindam Bhaja Mooda Mathe (2)

"Pray Govinda, Pray Govinda, Pray﻿ Govinda, O fool!"
********************************************************************
GOMUTRA , DRINKING COW’S URINE AS AN ELIXIR – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
QUANTUM EFFECT OF COW’S URINE,  RE-INVENTING THE WHEEL ,  GOMUTRA FOR HUMAN HEALTH IN 6200 YEAR OLD CHARAKA AYURVEDA TEXTS-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Cow urine has been recently granted US Patents (No. 6,896,907 and 6,410,059) for its medicinal properties, particularly as a bioenhancer and as an antibiotic, antifungal and anticancer agent.  As an anti-cancer agent it increases the potency of “Taxol” ( Paclitaxel ) against MCF-7, a human breast cancer cell line, in in vitro assays (US Patent No. 6,410,059).

Recently India resisted a vested US attempt to patent Neem and Turmeric and won.  Ancient Indians never found the need to patent things in a ridiculous manner like unscruplous Edison .

After the Indian government cried " Enough is Enough" , the United States Patent and Trade Mark Office revoked the patents granted to the University of Mississippi for the “discovery” of turmeric for wound healing, after examining sure evidences of turmeric’s widespread use in Indian folk medicines and noting the significant element in the daily lives of Indians for at least 8000 years.

And now cow’s urine as an elixir.   Punch into Google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL.

First the white Chrisian historians pushed back Charaka nd Susruta in time by more than 4000 years.

Why not?  

Bible says the Big Bang happened in 4004 BC.  If that is gospel then how can some Indian “Father of Medicine” Charaka be born before the cosmos was created.

PRAY ?  

PRITHEE !!

By the way, almost all inventions and discoveries made by the West when India was under the Christian white man's slavery, is stolen from India.  You will find that there was an explosion of inventions and discoveries-- they suddenly became intelligent by "spontaneous knowledge " fallen from the sky TEE HEEE!

Want an example?

Take their hero Isaac Newton--

punch into google search ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

No where is it written in the Vedas or Ayurveda texts that human urine must be drunk. Urine meant cow’s urine , nothing else PERIOD!

It was the white Christian invader who created false texts by forcing Sanskrit pandits to inject poison into a Sanskrit text by the name of Damar Tantra.  They put in contains 107 stanzas on the benefits of drinking one's own urine.

These morons don’t realize in Hinduism nobody writes 107 stanzas, they will put in 108.  These immoral white men  have even gone ahead and written texts in a most foul manner on the benefits of eating dead rotting flesh and feces -- all in the name of Tantra. 

They even established that Lord Shiva is an AGHORI, a corpse eater lurking in the cremation yards , foraging for dead rotting flesh.


Today the low caste Dalits are pissed off with high caste Hindus over Manu Samhita where absolute lies are written on how a high caste Hindu should treat a low caste Hindu, even inventing fancy punishments like pouring molten Lead into the ears.

I want you to punch into Google search--

CNN-IBN POLL  THE GREATEST  INDIAN  SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI, SHAM AWARD  VADAKAYIL 

-- and read what a Dalit by the name of Ambedkar has written in the comments window.

Fools like Indian PM Morarjee Desai drank their own urine,  and the white man sniggered and chuckled over Hennessy Brandy and Cuban cigars.

They made Lord Ayyappa was the offspring of the homosexual intercourse between Shiva and Vishnu.   You can still read this nonsense in Wikipedia if you punch in google  MOHINI. 

They don’t dare to inject poison into the Koran or talk ill of Allah, for they will be beheaded. Hindus are peace loving and docile , right?

Not anymore.

We know how to give moonh todh jawaab. 

There is NO slavery gene in the Hindus any more , unlike the Portuguese ka aulads the Goan Catholics,  who still pine for Rama Rajya under the white man’s rule.  

These Pickle Johns' and Chutney Marys' ( brown sabibs wannabe gora sahibs who are Christians first and then Indian ) will cheer openly for Portugal,  if they play a soccer match with India..

Have the white Christian historians  NOT established in a false manner that the white, blonde , blue eyed Aryan invader wrote our priceless Vedas? – which fell on its face PHUT in the DNA and Internet era?

Cow’s urine is a potent electrolyte. Here is an experiment for you to do at home. You can run an clock using cow urine  without help of normal batteries.  Connect two thin sheets of copper and zinc ( cathode and anode ) dipped in cow urine to the clock with wires—and the clock will run for 6 months.

The power of cow’s urine is not in the chemicals and minerals alone, but also lies in the potency as an electrolyte.  

Never mind what any other wise guy says--

The quantum action lies in drinking the cow’s urine within 120 seconds of the cow pissing it out. Just make sure the cow is not pregnant, healthy and does NOT eat plastics on the road side.

And most important,  there is a spiritual aspect. This cow must be of Indian breed – meaning it MUST have a hump.  Sorry, foreign cows.

HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS GIVE TOXIC A2 MILK AND TOXIC URINE -- BEWARE !!!

Gavyam pavitram ca rasayanam ca pathyam ca hrdyam balam buddhi syata
Aayuh pradam rakt vikar hari tridosh hridrog vishapaham syata

Sanjivani Translation:  Cow urine panchgavya is great elixir, proper diet, pleasing to heart, giver of mental and physical strength, enhances longevity. It balances bile, mucous and airs. Remover of heart diseases and effect of poison.

Mutreshu, gaumutram gunto Adhikam. Avisheshat kathane, mutram gaumutramucchyate.

Translation: Amongst all urines, cow urine alone is best.

The ancient 7000 year old holy texts, like Atharva Veda, Charaka Samhita, Rajni Ghuntu, Vridhabhagabhatt, Amritasagar, Bhavaprakash, Sushruta Samhita, etc., contain lucid descriptions about the medicinal benefits of cow urine.


Let me introduce some science into the effects of cow’s urine.

Each individual human cell possesses two characteristics – capacitance and inductance , which are the elements of a tuned circuit. The fresh urine of the cow holds scalar healing energy. Healing energy which produces tiny eddy currents in body tissue. 

Cancer cells are almost without exception, low voltage cells, in the 15-20 milli-volt range. The optimum cell voltage for most cells in the body is in the 70-90 milli-volt range.  As cell voltage starts to drop into the range where the very survival of the cell may be called into question, the cell begins to proliferate uncontrollably in an attempt to guarantee its own “survival.”  This is what cancer is all about in a nutshell. 

If you raise cell voltage , the cell no longer needs to proliferate wildly. In effect, it can become “normal” again. The implications for this in treating cancer could be profound . There is an increase of overall body energy levels thus increasing cellular energy for trillions of cells to the ideal 70-90 milli-volt range.  Increase of energy covalent level of every single hydrogen atom in the body can be verified by spectrographs. 

This improves cell wall permeability thus facilitating the intake of nutrients into each and every cell and the elimination of waste from each and every cell. This cleanses the blood improving chylomicron levels (protein & fat particles floating in the blood) and triglyceride profiles and fibrin patterns.  It improve immune functions. Enhanced permeability facilitates the intake of nutrients into each and every cell and also aids the elimination of toxins from the cells. In this way, optimum cellular nutrition and detoxification is maintained.

This in turn, facilitates optimum cellular performance and function retard regeneration, age-related diseases may be prevented and hence slow down the ageing process. Increase of tissue voltage, improve the activities of the body's enzymes, enhance ion transport at a cellular level and affect membrane potentials.

Cow’s urine contains copper. Scalar energy are capable of acting on living organisms at a sub-atomic level, and certain frequencies of scalar destroy viruses and bacteria. The body does not to consist of dense matter but rather vortices of energy spinning continuously, vibrating at very high frequency and giving the appearance of hard matter.

The human body consists of approximately 70% water. Many biologically active compounds are switched on or off by changes in the concentrations of dissolved ions such as sodium and potassium. Individual water molecules, with their tendency to form hydrogen bonds, also stabilise the structure of proteins, whose action depends crucially on their shape. 

If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules can be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect). Digestion is nothing more than a slow form of burning that produces energy for your body to live on. In fact, death itself is defined as the absence of electrical activity in the brain.

Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative ways. 

The electrical activity of the heart muscle sets up its electromagnetic field, the strongest field of the body. It is at the heart that the center of the vascular möbius coil is found-- an intersection of venous blood passing through the right atrium, overlapping aortic blood coming through the left atrium.


Our human body has more than 100 trillion cells. Wanna see just one of them?



See video below. Charles Darwin and his monkey gang, would have never thought of this , right?




First of all why cow’s urine. The simple reason is the cow though a vegetarian takes a longer time to piss or shit of what it eats and drinks.  And it gives fresh white milk.   

Have you ever smelt a cow?  She smells great.



See the video below, to know the interior of a cow  : 





The cow has four stomachs and undergoes a special digestive process to break down the grass and hay it eats. When the cow first eats, it chews the food just enough to swallow it. The unchewed food travels to the first two stomachs, the rumen and the reticulum, where it is stored until later. When the cow is full from this eating process, she rests.

Later, the cow coughs up bits of the unchewed food called cud and chews it completely this time before swallowing it again. The cud then goes to the third and fourth stomachs, the omasum and abomasum, where it is fully digested. Some of this digested food enters the bloodstream and travels to a bag called the udder, where it is made into milk that will come out of her teats, while the rest goes towards the cow's nourishment.

This is why the cow’s dung and urine is not a YUCK thing.




The cow has  NO ego.  


Egoless creatures are CHANNELS for divine energy.

Imagine all the animals of this planet are lying on a street. You are driving full speed towards them. All animals will run away , except the cow.  

For the cow trusts you NOT to run over her.  She is so peace loving. A cow enevr harms you. Rather she only gives.

Have you ever paused to think, that a pig is useful only when dead?


The Brits thought that they are very smart . They wanted more milk and make more moolah. So the greedy Brit fed their cows with non-vegetarian stuff.  And see what happened -- MAD COW disease.  Today the once intelligent British race is history !

In India cows are holy.



Steve Jobs never like India ( we don’t lose sleep over this ) . He foot slogged to India as a hippie. While in India he got thrashed royally by a near mob for insulting a cow. 

So goodbye nostalgia!

I am reminded of an incident 20 years ago, when my ship's agent in one of the US ports told me that he had been to India, including Mumbai .  So I asked him to name one street in Mumbai. He gave me the name of a Police station in Mumbai and he said he was imprisoned there for one night.

It so transpired that a cow sat in the middle of the road, creating a huge traffic jam. So our man gets frisky, gets down from his cab, walks up to the cow happily sitting and chewing cud , and gives one resounding kick on her poor backside. 

Needless to say all onlookers were aghast-- and since he appeared to be too smug about his singular deed , he had to cool his heels in the police lock up for one night. Or the policemen would have got lynched.

Cow dung is used for Agnihotra rituals.

Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL

I have a piece of bonafide advise for the daHling bikini babes below .  



Only cow’s urine can help you. For it has copper ions which do NOT allow fat to deposit and lowers the levels of cholestrol.  It has hormones which decomposes fat.  Take fresh Gomutra along with honey and lime juice first thing in the morning.  Cow’s urine enhances metabolic activity of cells and tissue.

Below: Give and inch and he takes a yard!



The analysis of cow urine has shown that it contains nitrogen, sulphur, phosphate, sodium, manganese, carbolic acid, iron, silicon, chlorine, magnesium, melci, citric, titric, succenic, calcium salts, Vitamin A, B, C, D, E, minerals, lactose, enzymes, creatinine, hormones and gold acids.

Cow’s urine is a natural  panacea for all diseases . 

It is antiseptic, detoxificant,  germicidal , anti- microbail , diuretic , blood purifier, appetizer , growth hormone,   anti-carcinogenic immunity enhancer, anti fungal, anti-bacterial, compensates the loss of micronutrients (enzymes), anti allergic, antibiotic and antihelmintic (parasite expeller ). It is an anti-oxidant , digestion enhancer, anti inflammatory,  eliminates intestinal worms , treats skin diseases like eczema  ringworm psoriasis , detoxifier,  blood cleanser , bile stabiliser, improves production of haemoglobin,  treats anemia,  removing urinary tract stones,  antacid,  for eye infections, natural disinfectant and insecticide, anti-reptile, migraine treatment , improves memory with ashwagandha, treating constipation, anti aging elexir, dissolves blood clots, promotes normalization of menstrual cycle, heals tumors,  controls jaundice, supports digestion,  laxative, anti-edema,  for equilibrium of water content and acid – base balance,  disorders of brain/ neurological conditions like epilepsy,  psychiatric complaints, improves skin tone,  corrects menstrual disorders, maintains the level of insulin by enhancing the function of pancreas, calms the chattering mind, piles treatment , prostrate , arthritis ,ulcers etc




Some Westerners get urticaria lesions ( see below ) after consuming non-hump , non-Indian cow urine. Probably these Western cows were fed with steroid infused feed.  They must be on the alert.



Ayurveda administers cow’s urine as enema ( vasti ) .  Also as nasal administration ( Nasya ), for many psychological disorders.   

Cow urine distillate enhances the transport and hence potency of antibiotics, e.g., Rifampicin ( TB drug ) , Tetracycline, and Ampicillin, across the gut wall as well as across artificial membranes. And then it removes the side effects.

Its quantum effect  removes the deposits of other powerful chemical residue taken during any long term drug therapy.

REMEMBER,  IF MILK FROM COW IS NOT YUCK FOR YOU, THEN HER URINE IS ALSO NOT YUCK !!


Let me digress –

The West in order to promote their own GM oils like Canola, Sunflower and Olive oils have DELIBERATELY used hydrogenated coconut oil, for their health tests .  

VIRGIN coconut oil is the best 

oil for health.  

Virgin oil is hydrogenated to increase its melting point by about 14 degree Centigrade.

Alzheimer's may stem from an inability of the brain to process glucose, leading to cell death.  But the brain has another source of fuel,  ketones, produced by the body from mid-chain triglycerides like those found in VIRGIN coconut oil .  

In fact, the most promising experimental Alzheimer's drugs being tested today is nothing more than medium-chain triglycerides derived from coconut oil.
********************************************************************
BIR BAHADUR OF EME SECUNDERABAD , INDIAN ARMY APATHY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TRIP DOWN MEMORY LANE,  CALICUT CORPORATION STADIUM , HOST TO SAIT NAGJEE SOCCER TROPHY-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A couple of days ago, I saw a National Games Taekwondo Championship recording on TV, which was held in the Calicut Indoor stadium.

That sent me down memory lane.

When I went to the swimming pool in Calicut I saw the gym coach and the pool coach about to ride off into the sunset on a bike.  

So I asked them , what is the tearing fu#ckin' hurry?

Well they just received the news that the UNOFFICIAL championship has just started.  

After the results are announced , and if the silver medalist or the bronze medalist feels short changed , due to partial judges ( which happens every single time ) then after the trophy ceremony, they settle it out again—this time for real , where real blood flows, and nobody stops a fight , till one man is down .  

And sometimes this changes into an all-out FREE FOR ALL brawl . They coaches said that they had witnessed it , the previous two years – as they rode off .

The Calicut indoor stadium is attached to the main Calicut Corporation Soccer stadium.

Two decades back I was a regular at the tennis clay court with my elder son, who was just 6 years old. He used to play well and then he lost interest.  I guess I pushed him too hard, as a father-coach . This is what happens when play becomes work , and the joy of playing a game is lost.

The tennis coach was my good friend and he used to introduce me to the National SAI coaches who stayed with their family in the Calicut Indoor stadium complex.  And I used to give them fancy baseball caps, which I bought from USA.  

So one day , the national Table Tennis coach allowed me to play with the National men’s champion. Rather he ordered the champion to play with me , and I got beaten 21-4.  Just one single game.

Then after a couple of days , I wrangled a TT match with the National women’s champion.  She won the first game 21-8.  

In the second game ,the score was 15-15 , when my tennis coach friend shouted from the side lines “ Ajit , what is the score?” – and then she reeled off 6 points in a row and I lost 21-15.


After the match the tennis coach conveyed to me over a drink , that he has been categorically told by the National TT coach Mr Agarwal, that I can never ever play with his students.  Apparently my game is weird , having no smash, only ball control and googly spin , and I had totally demoralized the women’s champion.

Twice her bat missed the ball totally, while making  top spin full blooded smashes --  which can be very embarrassing, even for a novice.

It seems she used to beat the men’s champion sometimes , and there was NO reason for her to be 15-15 with me.  

She and her coach never heard of the MAGNUS EFFECT.

But then this is what coaching is all about . You have to play to the weaknesses of the opponent.

The Tennis coach ( we called him Siddettan ) is now dead.  May his soul rests in peace . He was an educated man, and spoke very good English , with a good accent , unlike the typical Malayali English accent.  

I could have a good intelligent conversation with him. He had hundreds of National Geographic magazines, to which he subscribed .  

He died a bachelor .  A few weeks before he passed away, we met over a couple of drinks . He told me that he never had sex with a woman, and he often wondered how it would be.  Poor guy was the eldest  and he has three younger sisters to marry off , and it did NOT happen . A sort of domino effect . His 3 sisters were  spinsters too.  I never asked him why?  

One day he confessed that the only time of the day he really enjoys,  is when he takes out out his bottle of whisky from his cupboard and he pours the liquid into his glass.  And he used to pour it slow in silence so that he can hear the gurgle and splash of the liquid. And then he used to go to sleep thinking about this sweet noise which would happen again the next day. 

Just to show how life dishes out a raw deal to good people.

As I said, the main soccer stadium is attached to the Indoor stadium or rather vice versa.  As a young boy while studying in school , our most exciting period was when the football season started.  Our Calicut stadium hosted the Sait Nagjee Football Tournament.  



The stadium was walking distance from my  home. We had a big neighborhood gang of more than 20 young boys. The galleries those days were made of bamboo.  Initially our main interest was to go under the stadium bamboo galleries while the match is in progress and forage for empty cigarette packets . 



People used to drop the empty packets down.  We used to flatten the packet covers of Scissors, Passing Show, Charminar , Wills brands and take it home.  

These were our playing chips during outdoor games and gambling chips during the rains , when we were confined indoors. 

The Indoor game when it rained was pretty simple and straight forward.  A ten paise coin would be flipped and the question would come “head or tails?” . I remember in vernacular it used to be “Guru or Chapa?” ( or was it bhuru? ) . 

And then we used to place our bets .

The outdoor game was quite exciting. A circle would be drawn on the ground and we placed our bets, like cards .  A pile would be made and kept in the circle. Then we used to go about 30 feet away and fling a flat piece of tile , about 3 inch square and half inch thick towards the circle.  The child whose tile was closest to the circle would be allowed the first chance of knocking the pile of flattened cigarette packets, and put it out of the circle. And then all these packet chips outside the circle would be his.  

What a game! We spend hundreds of happy hours playing this game. And then we used to run home at sunset , count our chips stash it away in our kijoris and feel very proud , if we had a positive flow .  Often when a neighbor friend came to visit , his first request would be “ Can you show me your packs!”.

And then on seeing a good heap, he would say WOW!--  and my little chest would swell with pride!

Then as we got older, we started enjoying the soccer tournaments.  We used to be so excited that we used to hop and skip all the way to the stadium. The atmosphere there would be electrifying , especially on Sundays and Saturdays. The best games were reserved for those days.  

One day I saw my uncle , who stayed 25 kilometers away . And when I told my father , he remarked “He has a season ticket and he never misses a match “. There were people from neighboring districts , who used to travel upto 80 miles to see a soccer club game. 

Such was the soccer craze in Calicut. Recently Maradona had come to Kannur , my wife's place. Good players were hero worshiped.



Today all this fades to insignificance. 

My elder son will be soon travelling all the way from USA to Manchester UK with his computer nerd friends to watch a single soccer match at Old Trafford, the home stadium of Manchester United.  You have to book the tickets by internet , 4 months in advance, or you dont get one even for the small games.

By the way, my elder son is a Manchester United nut, my wife supports Chelsea and “yours truly”  supports Manchester City.  

The Chelsea –Man City game got over just one hour back on ESPN and Manchester City won 2-0, and since then my wife has been moping around a bit.   I know her body language, when she gets deflated .  

I am a Carlos Tevez fan, and he scored the second goal , with a thundering right footer into the corner of the net.  You will note that the Chelsea defender is afraid of this powerful shot.

Check out the video below:




That pushed me back in time and set me thinking of the thundering right foot of Bir Bahadur of EME Secunderabad .  

In 1965 EME Secunderabad beat MRC Wellington and in 1966 they beat Leaders Club Jullundur to lift the trophy.  Even today , my body responds to the the amazing electrifying atmosphere of Calicut Corporation stadium in the sixties. Those days, the sound of full throated cheering from the stadium after a goal, could be heard in my home.  


Each of my friends had their own soccer heroes.   Peter Thangaraj , the East Bengal Goal keeper, Jarnail Singh , the defender of Mohun Bagan,  Ranjit Thapa or Gurkha Brigade, Mohd Yusuf Khan of Hyderabad City Police, Chuni Goswami of Mohun Bagan, Inder Singh of Leaders Club Jullunder, Chattunni of EME Secunderabad  –the lot.  



Those were happy , carefree days.

Today the Calicut stadium can seat 35,000.  Cricket has taken over – thanks to renovation work which took more than 8 years . 


Once Roger Binny hit a resounding six which landed among the devotees at the neighboring Sri Kanteshwaram temple of Calicut.  Now people are just happy to watch EPL on satellite TV.



Above : The Calicut Corporation soccer stadium which arouses nostalgia, where bitter-sweet childhood memories are embedded.

We used to compare the thundering right foot of Bir Bahadur ( number 9 jersey of EME ) with the left foot of Ferenc Puskas, the Hungarian soccer hero.. Those days the football was hard and nobody would dare to form a human wall in front of Bir Bahadur , when he took a free kick .

I have put a post about the UNSUNG Hungarian Puskas.

Punch into Google search PUSKAS , THE SOCCER LEGEND VADAKAYIL

I represented my Training ship at Mumbai, with 250 cadets in both junior and senior years.  And my Top the “Starboard Fore Top”  were the soccer Champions in both years.  

Recently I was quite distressed to know that Bir Bahadur , is in utter poverty and sells Pani Puri ( chat ) near St Anne’s School, Secunderabad ( Lakdawala cantonment area ) from a mobile kiosk.  Apparently his army pension is NOT good enough.

Just see, fate –nay- apathy, has given him a greater kick on his head, than his thundering right footer bolt.

Forgotten and unsung Naik Bir Bahadur was the star centre-forward of the Indian football team at the Asian Games in 1966, where India finished fourth at Bangkok. 

Cricket is played by nine and a half countries. It is no big deal if Sachin Tendulkar is No 1.  Any way can you imagine Sachin selling Pani Puri on the streets to make ends meet?

Bir Bahadur served the army for 22 years playing football  for his unit , at top tourneys like Durand Cup, Santosh Trophy , Sait Nagjee trophy, and Rovers Cup. . 

At his peak, he was offered big money by rich private clubs like Tata, Mafatlal, Mohun Bagan, East Bengal etc  and he preferred to stay in the army,  doing justice to the loyal Gurkha blood in his veins.  

I can tell you today, that he was a TOP striker in those days.  His own father, Sukhlal Bahadur, was a centre-back for Services.

Bir Bahadur had joined the Army in 1963 and was transferred from Dehradun to Secunderabad EME. Pretty soon he proved his mettle . His thunderbolt right footer and fast feet was noticed.  He was on board the plane as part of the national side for the Asian Games at Bangkok.

Those days the Indian soccer team ( unlike today ) was a strong team.  India won the gold in the 1962 Asian Games where they beat South Korea 2–1 in the final, though some of our players played barefooted.  In the AFC Asian Cup India finished with silver medal.

Bir Bahadur retired as a Naik in 1985. Finding himself in a terrible financial crisis, he took up a job as a private security guard for peanuts. After he married off his daughter he fell into debt, and then he had an accident which made things worse. Today he is a psychological wreck. 



People who recognize him as a past champion who wore the Indian Soccer Jersey , tell him to keep the change , which cuts him up. 

He even went and met YSR the CM of Andhra Pradesh with his wife Devaki.  It was no use and YSR would care for him only if he converted to Christianity. Imagine a proud Gorkha having to face this choice and changing his name from Bir Bahadur ( bravest of the brave ) to some Tom, Dick or Prick..

You must know that when the media highlighted Bahadur's plight, relief came from Sunil Gavaskar's CHAMPS Foundation.  After I heard of this, my opinion of Sunil Gavaskar changed and my respect for him has gone up. I had never respected him as a selfish cricketer.

Sometimes Bir Bahadur enjoys pride of place in VIP enclosures at major football events. Then he goes back to cleaning dirty dishes soon after.

This loyal Gorkha Bir Bahadur , who donned Indian colors , is a victim of army apathy.  

Let my post get published, the EME Secunderabad brand will take a hit.  



Let people know how loyalty is rewarded by the Indian Army and Indian Government.  

Is it worth being proud of wearing Indian colours? 

Today they are loyal to the likes of Robert Vadra who is exempt from frisking in any airport or security area in India.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
JEALOUSY, THE GROWING ULCER WITHIN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ENVY , THE FOUNTAIN HEAD OF MISERY ,  JEALOUSY THE DRAGON WHICH SLAYS ITS PREY BUT ALSO TORMENTS AND TEARS UP ITS OWN RAGING HEART- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In this post I will reveal a few of my secrets.  

I will reveal how I put ulcers within few people who deserved nothing better— this goes beyond getting under somebody’s skin.   

It takes a bit of intelligence to do this, and everybody cannot do this.

Often my critics and my well wishers ask me why I self inflict and deliberately keep the Sword of Damocles dangling all the time over me .  



Throughout my professional career I did that.  It was apparent to all, and they could never get over this.

I never bothered to explain.  I just tell them – it is mE style.

When it came to myself , here is the secret--

Insecurity or the sword of Damocles is the chief propulsive power in this world.   A maverick, like “yours truly” needed a quickened pulse caused by an adrenaline rush , to perform.

I had always treated this as an ally . It gave me a kick to convert fear into excitement, flight to fight.

When my shore bosses  gunned for me it gave me a chance to prove myself,  by doing things my way, by getting out of the beaten track .  It was the only way, as the lack of grey matter at sea is mind boggling.

Only people who have sailed with me know what I mean, rest will wonder WTF?

Punch into Google search BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP VADAKAYIL.

I have explained my type of leadership , tried and tested for 30 years as a leader of multi-national men.

This was about myself.  Now let me explain about others.

Often people who know me professionally have wondered about the type of official communication, I had with my bosses .  

My ship was an oasis of efficiency , peace and harmony.   My officers and crew will vouch that we had a ball,  like a huge happy family.  We worked hard and played hard.  

Yet I wore the pants, and walked around with an iron fist in a velvet glove. There was never a Lok Sabha or a Rajya Sabha on my ship.   Yet, I brainstormed frequently and got valuable feedback.


My shore bosses never dared to tell me from ashore " CAPTAIN HARD-A-PORT! " . They did this to other Captains , never me.

My shore bosses whom I liked , because they were clean hearted , I spared .  The rest of the black hearted knaves , I converted into their own worst enemies, for they deserved it.  I just made them jealous.

Jealousy has the power to destroy.  There is no greater punishment than the primal emotion of jealousy,  for it is the most potent cause of unhappiness.  Jealousy causes negative feelings and misery which corrode your innards like rust to iron.  



When you get jealous you drink poison and wait for the other person to die-  TEE HEEEE!.



Yes, now some people who read this post will remember that I would boast almost like Mohammed Ali , to a selected few “ I float like a butterfly and sting like ze bee”.



I must emphasize here.  A competent and self-confident person is incapable of jealousy at all. People whose jealousy can be kindled are insecure neurotics.

Let me put this in most lucid terms, meant for a layman .

What do you mean by kindling jealousy ?  If you are not good enough you can be burnt very badly . Basically I am a non-conformist who plays better to a hostile crowd.  I love to hit consecutive sixes into hostile raging faces.

Three and a half decades ago, as  young men, we were all standing in line to enter the examination hall at Mumbai MMD, for the First Mate's exam.

One of my long lost friends,  shouted out from behind the long line ( i was in front )--" Ajit , well prepared?"

I shouted back " Hum fail hoyega to kaun pass hoyega, saala "( Buddy, if I fail, who will pass ? )

And this made me very unpopular with the dumbos and the paranoids in line , some of whom who were giving their 3rd and 4th shots.

Now after giving this corny dialogue , If I fail, you can very well imagine my condition, for we all stayed together at the Seamen’s club at Ballard Estate.

Now I am rising above myself, to explain what jealousy is.

When I went to Russia in the Communist days , I noticed that all very happy. All were on a level playing field  -- ( just forget for a while about the Jewish Communist party members , their dachas and their watch dog Jew commisars).

There was no jealousy-as there was nothing to compare?  There was NO keeping up with the Joneses.



But then this is NOT the way god made human beings.  We are all hard wired and soft programmed for jealousy. Communism failed because even a baby girl would take care of her own doll, not the government’s common doll.

The was bound to be resentment when a genius knew that a moron gets the same salary as him.

And the Communist government tried to censor what type of fancy life went on in the Capitalist countries, and failed .   Word leaked in that life is far better in a Capitalist society.  And that people had a choice of what to eat , wear and how to live.

By the way, Communism was run by Jews.  Marx, Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky were all Jews.

The Zionists stole the enormous wealth of the Czar, then they siphoned off the spread out wealth of the common man, as they could NOT own property in a communist state.  In your home even your pillow was owned by the state.


The Russian communist people got news of the unlimited freedom in the rest of the world.   It created jealousy.  Basically it created  “grass is greener o the other side” effect.  If the whole world would be communist. Then there would be no jealousy amongst people, and the communist idea might work out better. 

In the deep countryside of Russia, people didn't know about the capitalist west. All they knew was communism.  And because they didn't know there was something else, they didn't mind it. They loved communism, and even today they vote for the Communist party.  

See what jealousy or lack of it does?  Jealousy doesn’t do anybody any good.  It makes you feel needlessly miserable and insecure.

Jealousy is very clearly seen in infants as young as 6 months old. This is the basis of sibling rivalry. The child knows that his younger brother or sister gets more attention and parental response to crying than him,  and it creates deep rooted resentment and animosity.  

Sometimes the parents spoil it by creating a role model for the rest of the brothers and sisters, and indulging in favoritism. This jealousy lasts till death and it is programmed into the DNA of the child.  Have you noticed how a small baby gets upset when some other child starts playing with her doll or toy?

Jealousy is a raw human emotion created when a person feels insecure about his value to other people.  It consists of negative feelings, revolving around   fear and anxiety over an anticipated loss .  When you compare yourself to others , it will lead to destructive thinking.

That is why you should never buy a flat in a building meant for the super rich and powerful.   You and your wife may not feel it being mature and self confident, but your children will start to compare and this will make them most miserable.  



The other children have flown off the Paris , Switzerland and Aruba for a holiday.  Their parents own Hummers, BMW’s and Mercedes SUVs'.  And here they are watching corny desi programmes on TV and eating bhajia and riding a battered Ambassador car.


Have you noticed how people go on Facebook and feel miserable.  For all and sundry are waxing lyrical of ZE good life.  Nobody complains on Facebook  that she has PMS migraine or that he bled a glass of blood from his piles or their child failed in class or takes hallucinatory drugs .



They have put in rosy pictures of their fancy holidays , how great a party they held with hundreds of cheering well wisher friends , how their child came first in some bullshit event , the expensive diamond ring presented by the husband ( it would be a fake actually ) ,  how loving and smart their pet dog is , their new SUV, their dream promotion at the work place- the drinks are on me -- BLAH BLAH.    




You start comparing and this plays up in your chattering mind.  Everybody in your circle is having a fabulous time but you.  

Jealousy surfaces and they feel frustrated with their own lot. . And believe me , they are comparing themselves with their true friends and relatives— and they are supposed to feel good at their “success” instead of turning green with envy . 


They get depressed , and short changed at being forced by destiny to take in the short end of the stick,  not knowing that everything on Facebook is sugar coated.





When you are constantly comparing yourself to the Joneses, you’ll suffer unintended consequences.


Jealousy does not do you any good . If you feel needlessly unhappy, and are having negative thoughts , and have started dishing out fake smiles , is it worth being on Facebook?.


Facebook is a forum where you give others the power to make you jealous and feel miserable. Unless you are ze guy who holds 3 aces all the while. 




This planet has been converted to a page 3 party place . You will see how a woman so wrapped up in herself , ( who thinks only she is worth it while the rest are not ) , will drag 4 feet of her white gown on the dirty red floor to draw the eyes of the world.  




Above: When trying to wrangle a trophy they tell the world that they want to be the next Mother Teresa, save the children , save the environment --  SNIFF -  BOO HOOOOOO !!!.

Some Western middle aged fat ugly women share on Face Book how many times they made love the previous night, after she put her man on fire with her sexy bikini .   Whether you will fall victim to this bull , and get mired in self pity,  it is up to you ? 




So Face Book is for shared laughter? Oh Yeah? 




Worrying about how you don’t measure up , and how your earning spouse is a loser, robs you of your present happiness.  It leaves you unable to think about how you really want your own life to look.

Friend or no, envy is an overwhelming emotion. When you are jealous you count the other fellow's blessings instead of your own, and lose your peace of mind—rather burn up inside.. It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered. The sure mark of one born with noble qualities, is being born without envy.  

Of the seven deadly sins, only envy aint no fun at all.




Let me digress briefly to “dog eat dog” office politics . It is purely based on jealousy.  Jealousy is,  the worst of all faults as it makes a victim of both parties. It is not love that is blind, but jealousy.



Knowledge of human nature and even style is the corner stone of political education.  Recognize tactics used on you.

Power does not come with position of authority.  Sometimes a slave could be more powerful than the great almighty Caesar .  Having said that be aware that knowledge is power— be respected and valued at all levels .

Be confident. Every power play attacker enjoys seeing fear in the victim. It is a valuable skill to know when to yield. Keep your emotions under a leash even when you are outraged, but don’t allow yourself to be the scapegoat for someone else’s mistakes.

Keep away from vicious smear campaigns. Do not encourage lying and deception. You will be judged by your communication styles—if you are defensive all the time—you give yourself away.


Be aware , stay focused and continue being the team player who will share man of the match awards. To stay focused you need to know the larger picture.  Do not use the larger picture as a convenient exit route.

In a shore office ( unlike a ship ) do not tell anyone anything that can be used against you—don’t let go too much even over a Saturday night beer session with buddies who may be opportunists —don’t even pass on rumors or share negative career experiences.  

Be a friend on matters that do not involve the office and an employee on issues that involve your career prospects. There is no need to prove your friendship at the expense of compromising your values.

The truth is without engaging in some sort of political activity or trying to develop followers , your career will stagnate.  This is why old blunt seadogs , like yours truly, who are not limelight oriented are misfits ashore.
Do favors and help others out. Even asking for help creates bonding ( what a paradox!).

Know your power—unleash it only when necessary at the right time.. Control impulses and rushes of blood.
Gain the trust of those with influence, be genuine here.

There are insecurity driven turds , in every office with the “crippler, undermining ,divide and conquer mindset” who enjoy telling you that you are worthless and unloved.  It gives them temporary happiness and how.  



Sailors who have sailed with me will cry “ Capt Vadakayil was the answer to these turds in the punch bowl . He was proactive and not reactive, with such miserable black hearted knaves “.

Do not allow yourself to be emotionally blackmailed by con artists who misrepresent their authority.  Use your intelligence and gut feeling here.

Don’t hurt working relation ships—you may need to be a hypocrite here. maintain your sense of humor. There is no hypocrisy at sea. You don’t see each other’s faces after a contract together. You can be yourself.



When negative politics are used by team members or negative energies are channelised for selfish needs, the resulting conflict can corrode the core of the team.  Team efforts are swamped by power struggles.


The jealous co-worker can be easily identified.  He will give you competition which gets obvious.  And he gives himself away when  badmouths you for any mistake you may make, behind your back.

Don’t cry wolf every time there is a common place power struggle. Play only by your own rules or the rules of the company. and don’t get too predictable lest you become a easy target ( aaha now every body knows why Capt Vadakayil keeps a cat as a pet ) .  Timing is everything .

Make sure you want what you get and not vice versa.

Surround your desk which trivia which makes you feel good—no!, you cant bring your pet along!!
Do not expect things beyond your talent.


At the work place productivity soars when everyone is working as one team instead of pointing fingers and trying to outdo each other. There must be an atmosphere of “we’re all in this together.”



Women with a high level of intrasexual competition are more jealous if the rival is a woman who is more attractive and more envious if this rival is more powerful .

Happiness is a victory lap—so solve problems, talk big ( like you know who ), keep the colour in your cheek and the glint in your eye. Be yourself, and have good friends who accept you as you are.

Laughing and crying are signs of relief valve lifting on the overstrung—JUST SMILE

Here is some wisdom--- Champions and heroes who challenge themselves have the knowledge, talent, skill , attitude and determination to easily handle the lifetime ahead of them—it is a piece of cake.

Can you name one country who is burning with jealousy?   Yes, you got it right- Pakistan.  



The wicked envy and hate, it is their way of admiring.  Anger, resentment and jealousy doesn't change the heart of others-- it only changes yours. The jealous are troublesome to others, but a greater torment to themselves.  

Pakistan sees India only though jaundiced eyes. For none of the Muslims in India want to go to Pakistan, and we have more Muslims than them.

The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare. Since jealousy comes from feeling less than another, comparisons only fan the fires.  For Pakistan jealousy is just a reflection of their own pathetic failures. We Indians know that when Pakistani criticism doesn't make sense, it is surely coming from a different place marked J in upper case. 



Insecure Pakistan tries to put happy and prosperous India down to raise themselves up.  They have now downgraded themselves to peeing on India to mark their territory.  Jealousy is an awkward homage which inferiority renders to merit. 

The below list is wrong-India is ahead of Japan.




Jealousy is the religion of the mediocre. It comforts them, it soothes their worries, and finally it rots their souls, allowing them to justify their meanness and their greed,  until they believe these to be virtues. The fenced-in dog always barks at the one running free. 

In base minds worth begets envy, in great noble souls, emulation. Wanna check out India’s perspective?  Well, there was no pleasure like being envied on a mass scale from across the border. Heart-stopping envy is the sincerest form of flattery




And in India we had enough of Pakistan’s moral indignation thing.  This is an outlet where  envy or hate can be acted out under the guise of virtue.  We are NOT dumbos out here.


Do you want proof of Pakistani jealousy? 

The Pakistani spy agency ISI employs several trolls on the internet.  

On the TIMES OF INDIA E-newspaper ,  these trolls work overtime, trying to drive a wedge between Indian Hindus, Muslim and Christians.   

These trolls assume various avatars-- they come dime a dozen, as ‘Indian Dalits in India”, “Indian Muslims in india” , “Indian Muslims abroad”,  “Hindus abroad”,  “ Christian foreigners abroad”, “Indian Christians in India” , “Indian christains abroad”  etc.   Hey, how about "Dalits abroad" , thrown in for good measure? 

Their whole day’s job is to abuse India, spew venom and drive communal wedges in the comments column, and click on “Like / Dislike/ Recommend” .  

To these Paki trolls I will say “ Remove your not-so-bright head from that smelly dark place and take us head on !!” 




I suggest Pakistan must be content with with what Allah has given to them by saying Maashallah ( God has willed it )


Enough of petty minded Pakistan !!.

To find out a girl's faults you wish to marry , praise her to her girlfriends. One by one they will reveal all her faults.

He that is jealous is not in love.  Jealousy is bred in doubts.  When those doubts change into certainties, then the passion either ceases or turns absolute madness.  

True love is a unique condition where the happiness of the one you love is essential to your own. Love looks through a telescope and envy, through a microscope.  When jealous behavior goes completely haywire, it can erupt into aggression and possibly turn violent. .


It may be perfectly normal to feel brief pangs of jealously in response to a perceived threat, say if your girl goes to a strip club with a group of friends. Or your wife wears mini skirt and sits with her legs splayed for the benefit of a handsome guy whose eyes are transfixed you know where.

If a husband suspects another man is flirting with his wife, healthy feelings of jealously will  surface. He accepts them as a reminder of how much he cares for his wife and is quick to let them go because this relationship is based on mutual trust.

Jealousy is the result or fear of losing your girl to another.  In romantic relationships, both men and women continue to check out other men and women.  It's biologically driven and it's natural. However,  it does not mean that the person wants to leave the relationship.  It is, for most people, about appreciating the opposite sex human form and not about a roaming eye.  Touching is taboo, but jealousy makes looking also taboo.

On a ship if you have a beer with a buddy daily,  and one fine day you wait for him and see him having a drink with someone else without telling you,  you are bound to feel the pangs of jealousy.



Normal jealousy in a relationship generally stems from a place of love and commitment.  When jealously gets out of control, it becomes injurious to both parties involved. Unhealthy jealousy uses up precious energy and steals quality time .

Self worth comes with self appreciation and love.  People who are truly comfortable and secure with themselves, rarely let jealousy get in the way .

Celebrate the positives in your own life .  No matter what your situation is, youmust  have few things that many people don't have.  You can actively think about the great things that are in your life.  At least you must be healthy.   Sit down and be grateful for your good health at least. Cultivate an attitude of gratitude.  Only fools live in the past or carry envy to the present.

In Hinduism, envy is a disastrous emotion.  Hinduism maintains that anything which causes the mind to lose balance with itself , leads to misery.  Envy cannot coexist with truth and spiritual wisdom.



One who does not envy but is a compassionate friend to all ... such a devotee is very dear to Me. - Lord Krishna in Bhagavad Gita, Chapter 12, Verse 15. 4000 BC

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CALCIUM MAGNESIUM SODIUM POTASSIUM TEAM DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL,  6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA INTERNAL BALANCING , KEEP THE DOCTOR AWAY  –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


After my two sons completed the breast feeding , I did NOT allow them to drink cow’s milk-- and this made mE mother cry..

Punch into Google search MILK  BEER BELLY AND GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL.

What I do for my own children, I must be cock sure about , right?   





 It was about Calcium and Magnesium ratio balancing which I shall explain in great detail in this post.

In Ayurveda, they balance Kapha, Pitta and Vata. 

The internet is fulled with thousands of such posts --all of them bull. Even Ayurvedic doctors got them wrong. 

They give all sorts of weird  high tech explanations like Potential and Kinetic energy balancing, balancing water, fire, earth , air-- BLAH BLAH.  

Bullshit of the first order.  

I am sure people like Deepak Chopra ( who has made moolah out of all this ) must be involved in such TRIDOSHA mysticism--and converted ancient Kerala Maharshi wisdom into rocket science of Isaac Newton..

In my language Malayalam and in Sanskrit Kapha, Pitta and Vata means the same.  Kapha is mucous , Pitta is bile and Vata means vayu or fart ( flatulence ).  


Malayalam is the closest language in the world to Sanskrit. High literature Malayalam is indeed almost Sanskrit—the reason why Sanskrit in school for me was a piece of cake..

What I mention in this post will save people from deaths, agony and giving their bank balance to doctors, so that they can buy expensive yachts and condominiums--  and laugh all the way to the bank..

Since the past 9000 years  Hindus knew that the fortnightly cycle of the moon exerts profound influence on the human anatomy just as it affects the water bodies on earth resulting in high and low tides.

Most Hindus observe fast on Purnima, the full moon day .  Only after a whole day of fasting, prayers and a dip in the river do they take light vegetarian food rich in Magnesium at dusk .

It is ideal to fast on full moon and new moon days ( Amavasya ) as it reduces the acidic content in our system, slows down the metabolic rates, increases endurance. This restores the body and mind balance. Praying  helps in centering your body, mind and soul.

It is better NOT to use energy for digestion during this particular 24 hours. The high energy of the full moon gives the body a chance to do deep  cleansing.

During the Amavasya there are many more negative ions in the atmosphere, which is good for neutralizing free radicals .  Some people again choose to fast on new moon day to allow the body as much energy as possible to deep cleanse.

The moon has great affinity for sodium. 





I am sure stupid Darwin and his monkey gang did NOT put sodium in the oceans.  

At a macro level the rivers and estuaries are flushed by sodium laden sea water at every high tide.

What happens at a micro level is the scope of this post.

The 4 electrolytes – sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium – form a kind of dance over 24 hrs called the day-night shift.  Magnesium and potassium live normally within the cell, and sodium and calcium are found outside.  

During the day sodium invades the cell, taking a hydrogen ion with it, which is acidifying. In order to buffer this acidity, which is toxic to the cell, calcium also moves in. This has the effect of displacing potassium and magnesium which is shoved out of the cell.

At night due to the effect of the moon, the opposite takes place and potassium and magnesium move back into the cell, pushing out the calcium and sodium, which takes the hydrogen ion with it.

This has the effect of cleansing the cell, so you should wake up bright and refreshed. When the body is not cleansing properly, this process is impaired and instead you wake up tired and lethargic . There is a higher sodium content in the cell, therefore a higher hydrogen (acidifying) content, and as water follows sodium in the body, the water content of the cell starts to swell. 

So the cell is under pressure from high acidity – so it pulls in more calcium, which displaces more magnesium causing an imbalance.

The moon-pull is much gentler than the sun-push. Only if conditions are right within the body can the moon pull the sodium back across the cell membrane, thus making way for the Magnesium to exert a gentle push with the potassium, so that they go back to their rightful position, which is inside the cell.

There is another vicious cycle  between dehydration and stress . Dehydration stresses the and stress dehydrates the body.

As the body starts to feel dehydrated the integrity of the cell is threatened. In order to preserve the cell the body puts cholesterol, a hard fatty substance, into the fluid cell membrane to stabilise it and stop the cell collapsing and therefore dying. 

This has the effect however of making it more difficult for things to move through the membrane, so the acidity, excess sodium, water, hydrogen and calcium do not fully exit the cell. 

The deeper this picture, the more rigid the cell membrane becomes and the less the cellular cleanse takes place and the more tired and generally unwell you feel. A clear marker of this are elevated cholesterol levels in the blood. The rightful position of magnesium, along with its partner potassium, is inside the cell not outside.

When the sodium goes inside the cell during the day it grabs an extra hydrogen ion. This creates acidity within the cells.  When the magnesium goes back inside the cells at night, shoving  out the sodium, it has an alkalizing effect.  

This is a very important role that magnesium carries out inside the cell, completing the night time cleanse, so that in the morning the person feels refreshed and the acidity levels have been reduced greatly inside the cell.

Part of the cleansing process is to ensure that as the cell is rehydrated, the cholesterol coating lessened, and the cell can start to ‘clean house’ the toxins can be taken directly out of the body. The cell puts toxins into the lymph, which transfers it to blood, which takes it to liver, which processes it into bile, into the bowels and out. 

If any part of this picture is not functioning properly you effectively have blocked plumbing, with subsequent results of toxins backing up into the system.

What is lymph? Ayurveda knew it 6000 years ago, while modern science knew about it just 60 years back.

Punch into Google search YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL

In the post above I narrate an incident where my feet were swollen, and my wife panicked and wanted me to consult a doctor. I solved the problem by throwing away all our nice Iodised salt in our kitchen , and buying natural fresh sea salt. Can any modern doctor ever react this way?  



Do any of the hotshot "no so bright" doctors ( who gave "donation" and bought medical college seats) OR the "government sponsored"  the SC/ ST quota ones, who pass after several attempts -- know that too much iodine can negatively impact our kidney , which can result in edema?


The hospitals of Kerala are full of kidney patients and dialysis machines are NOT available due to the rush. .  All because of evil people preserving fish with deadly Formalin.

Punch into google search FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE AND KIDNEY FAILURES  VADAKAYIL


Excess iodized salt intake causes additional pressure to form in the blood vessels, resulting in fluid build up (edema), specifically in the legs but also causing baggy eyes. One of the reasons of edema is is also caused by the body retaining fluid in order to dilute excess salt.

Sodium and calcium are responsible for the contraction of the muscles whilst potassium and magnesium are responsible for the relaxation or extension process.  So if people are tense, this shows up in the muscles, and most particularly within the internal muscles such as those in the digestive tract, the bowels, the urinary tract and in all of the lung activity. 

This contraction and tightness is caused by magnesium not returning inside the cell during the night, thus leaving the cells uncleansed and acidic and the muscles contracted. .

Calcium is the natural calmer. It is crucial that magnesium is in pushes out the calcium , to create that calm, cleansed feeling .

Let me digress.

I am in a frisky mood now. I hope my wife does NOT see this para and kick mE ass.

The morbidly obese people of the west who eat too much of beef / pork and sit on “modern “ toilet seats , do NOT complete the task when they go for a shit. They retain about 2 kilos of shit in their stomachs.  

No euphemism please—shit is shit.  



Indian toilet style squatting provides the optimal position for complete evacuation of the colon.  No shit left over for tomorrow causing toxicity and deadly smell farting.  Complete evacuation of the colon is just not possible using the seat type western toilet.  

Just imagine they do NOT wash the asshole like Indians ( toilet paper only sir) on top of that have excess “toxic” baggage at the end of the large intestine.  Have you ever tried washing your bottom with freezing water?  

You see stars .  Why don’t you take a bottle of water fromyour freezer and try it out?  

Let us not make a virtue out of toilet paper use and bad “ Emily West “ etiquette out of using your left hand to wash a part of your own body—your own asshole.   

Would you like to shake hands with such people or just do a "hands off"  NAMASTE ?  Think about it.

Emily West etiquette teaches us that we must apologise when we burp, but there is NO need to apologize when you give out a deadly one from the bottom. TEE HEEEEE!



Above: As per etiquette czarina Emily Post, a genteel lady must crook her little finger while drinking tea. YIKES!

Emily- baby,  do you know why the Brits drink tea?  After Rothschild's ships' took Opium from India to China in British East India Company ships--they need to fill up the ships holds with something else--that was tea.

If China grew coffee Emily baby would be crooking her genteel toe while drinking coffee TEE HEEEEE!


Indian spices have always been in great demand, by the rest of the world not just for the divine taste they generate , but also to counteract the production of intestinal gas, most notably the closely related cumin, coriander, ajwain, turmeric, asafetida etc. You know the day you fart less and feel good as a direct result of it. 

I hate travelling in airplanes with a full load of the West .  After breakfast, just check out the way all of them fart.  YUCCKHHH!



Bile is necessary for fat digestion but also is important in neutralizing the acid contents of our stomach as they empty into our delicate intestinal tract. Without this chemical modification the strong acids can damage the intestinal tract and compromise absorption of all nutrients and lead to ulceration of the first part of the small intestine..  



Bile is a bitter-tasting, greenish brown fluid, produced by the liver that aids the process of digestion of lipids in the small intestine . Bile is alkaline and also has the function of neutralizing any excess stomach acid before it enters the duodenum, the first section of the small intestine. Bile salts also act as bactericides, destroying many of the unfriendly microbes that may be present in the food.

Mucous is a slippery lubricant secretion of the lining of various membranes in the body . It is also the sticky, gooey fluid secreted by the mucous membranes and glands . The secreted mucus traps the pathogens in the body, preventing any further activities of diseases.



Flatulent gas is build up by indigestion and eating unsuitable food.  

Rice is easily digestible the only 

starch that does not cause gas.  

The history of wheat parallels the history of chronic disease and obesity across the world, due to hard to digest and hyper-inflammatory Gluten. Gluten is that sticky protein in wheat that holds bread together and makes it rise.  



New modern GM hybrid wheat may look like wheat, but it is different in three important ways that all drive obesity, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, dementia and more.  Instead of giving Nobel prize to the man who made GM wheat , contains very high levels of a super starch called amylopectin A- he should have been incarcerated or shot for crime against humanity..  

Punch into Google search MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL. 

Two slices of whole wheat bread now raise your blood sugar more than two tablespoons of table sugar. There is no difference between whole wheat ( atta ) and white flour (maida ) here.  Such GM hybrid wheat with a high glycemic index make people store belly fat, trigger hidden fires of inflammation in the body and give you a fatty liver, leading the whole cascade of obesity, pre-diabetes and diabetes.  

Gluten in wheat is linked to autoimmune diseases, mood disorders, autism, schizophrenia, dementia, digestive disorders, nutritional deficiencies, diabetes, cancer and more. Gluten triggers inflammation that spreads like a fire throughout your whole body. It damages the gut lining. 


Then all the bugs and partially-digested food particles inside your intestine get across the gut barrier and are exposed your immune system, 60 percent of which lies right under the surface of the one cell thick layer of cells lining your gut or small intestine. If you spread out the lining of your gut, it would equal the surface area of a tennis court. 

Your immune system starts attacking these foreign proteins, leading to systemic inflammation that then causes heart disease, dementia, cancer, diabetes and more. Our immune system reacts as if gluten was something foreign, and sets off the fires of inflammation in an attempt to eliminate it. 

However, this inflammation is not selective, so it begins to attack our cells -- leading to diabesity and other inflammatory diseases. GM wheat contain super starch and super gluten -- making it super fattening and super inflammatory -- but it also contains a super drug that makes you crazy, hungry and addicted.



In the video above-- check out what the doctor says about addictive gliatin protein ( like morphine ) in wheat.


“You can trace almost every ailment, every sickness, and every disease to a diet imbalance “  Charaka Samhita - Ayurveda 4200 BC.

Unlike western medicince Ayurveda treats the root cause of illness, rather than just treating external symptoms, recognizing that a symptom is an external manifestation of a deeper imbalance.  Ayurveda truly uses the principle of prevention is better than cure.  

The ancient Indian Maharishis did NOT drink cow’s milk at a skewed Calcium Magnesium ration of 1:10.   Rather they made curd ( yoghurt ) or boiled the milk in Cinnamon and other spices rich in Magnesium.  

Probiotic yoghurt reduces flatulence and restore balance to the normal intestinal flora or friendly bacteria.  Fermentation occurs when unabsorbed food residues like beef, pork fat etc arrives in the colon. Therefore, even more than the composition of the microbiota, diet is the primary factor which dictates the volume of flatus produced.  


Gastric acid ( pH 1.5- 2.5 ) is produced by cells lining the stomach, which are coupled to systems to increase acid production when needed.  Other cells in the stomach produce bicarbonate, a base, to buffer the fluid, ensuring that it does not become too acidic.  These cells also produce mucus, which forms a viscous physical barrier to prevent gastric acid from damaging the stomach.  Cells in the beginning of the small intestine, or duodenum, further produce large amounts of bicarbonate to completely neutralize any gastric acid that passes further down into the digestive tract.

Like Hydrogen Sulphide, Nitric Oxide is a bio signaler, as written in the Indian Vedas 7000 years ago.  Pranayama boost Nitric oxide levels .  The HUMM of the  Hindu king Mantra OM triggers production of the  Nitric oxide molecule. Modern science came to know Nitric oxide molecule , which was known by Hindu seers 11000 years ago, only a few years ago.  

In 1998, three scientists were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for their work on nitric oxide.  

Punch into Google search NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL. 

Both Hydrogen Sulphide and Nitric Oxide relaxes blood vessels,  and the miracle part is that they share the job, in a quid pro quo manner, and a Tamas-Rajas ( Yin-Yang.. ) manner.

During the full moon, there are more positive ions at the Earth's surface which creates stress.  An influx of positive ions causes blood to flow more slowly and so oxygen in the blood is not carried to the muscles and brain as efficiently.  During this time, there are many more murders, more arrests, brawls, mood swings, arguments and much more violence than at any other time in the month.

In India we traditionally plant  crops around the time of the new moon.  Negative ions create less stress, more feelings of calm and less health problems, resulting in more balance and harmony in the body. When there are more negative ions at the Earth's surface at the time of the new moon, organic life flourishes and seedlings become stronger and they grow better.

All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attached itself to it and enlarges the virus.  Viruses are so tiny that our lungs can’t pull them out, unless they are enlarged. Negative ions lower the blood pressure.  It reduces allergy causes asthma.  Negative ions in the blood stream accelerate the delivery of blood to the cells.

Free  radicals are atoms with unpaired electrons on an otherwise open shell configuration. These unpaired electrons are usually highly reactive.

Free radical damage within cells has been linked to a range of disorders including cancer, arthritis, 
atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, and Cell suicide, or apoptosis. Free radicals are very unstable and react quickly with other compounds, trying to capture the needed electron to gain stability.



Generally, free radicals attack the nearest stable molecule, "stealing" its electron. When the "attacked" molecule loses its electron, it becomes a free radical itself, beginning a chain reaction. Once the process is started, it can cascade, finally resulting in the disruption of a living cell.



All major influenza outbreaks had coincided with sunspot maxima because of its magnetic energy fields.  During times of sunspot maxima, the solar wind of charged particles is much greater, which causes distortions in the Earth's own magnetic field.  These changes can weaken our body's immunity levels, leaving us more vulnerable to infection. 

The earth's surface has a negative electrical charge which becomes a constant source of free electrons for our body. These free electrons neutralize the positively charged free radicals that are largely responsible for the present epidemic of inflammation and inflammatory diseases



The tiger is programmed to eat meat, while the cow is programmed to eat grass.  The John Bulls  though they are damn smart and started feeding their cows waste non vegetarian stuff  , to get more milk and beef— and see what happened –MAD COW DISEASE. 

Their evil politicians hushed it up hoping it will pass.  Finally they had to exterminate all the cows in England.  These “lobbied up” politicians should be punished, as they are the reason the new Brit generation has altered DNA and they are not as smart as their previous generations.  

Human beings were  programmed to eat and metabolise both plant and animal food in the ancient days.  In modern times it is better to be a vegetarian ( eat sea food as it is good ) , as god has done away with the appendix.

Punch into Google search  THE HUMAN APPENDIX, THE MISUNDERSTOOD ORGAN VADAKAYIL

DO YOU HAVE ANY DANG IDEA, HOW MANY MILLIONS OF PEOPLE DIED ON THIS PLANET DUE TO MAGNESIUM CALCIUM RATIO IMBALANCE PROBLEMS ? – OR TO PUT IT IN A DIFFERENT WAY HOW MANY PEOPLE BECAME BILLIONAIRES BY FORCING A LID TO BE PLACED ON SIMPLE DIET SOLUTIONS.




We are all giant batteries that run on electricity. The source of that electricity are minerals, especially the four key electrolytes: calcium, sodium, potassium, and magnesium.




Sodium is the fluidity element. It keeps our joints and ligaments supple and prevents arthritis. Sodium keeps calcium and magnesium in solution in your system.  It provides nerve balance as part of an immensely sensitive and complicated Sodium/Potassium/Magnesium/Calcium homeostatic feedback mechanism.

Sodium and potassium are essential dietary minerals and electrolytes. They dissociate into ions (charged particles) in solution, making them capable of conducting electricity. Normal body functioning depends on the right regulation of sodium and potassium both inside and outside of cells.  

Sodium is the principal ion in the fluid outside of cells, while potassium is the principal ion in the fluid inside of cells. Sodium concentrations are more than ten times lower inside than outside cells, and potassium concentrations are about 30 times higher inside than outside cells.



The concentration differences between potassium and sodium across cell membranes create an electrochemical gradient known as the membrane potential. A large portion of energy in the body is dedicated to maintaining sodium/potassium concentration gradients, underscoring the importance of the balance between sodium and potassium in sustaining life.

Tight control of cell membrane potential is critical for heart function, as well as nerve impulse transmission and muscle contraction.  Sodium concentration in plasma modulates the volume of water retained in the blood, and therefore the "pressure" on the membrane walls, known as blood pressure. 




Sodium is essential to maintain the water distribution in the body (or water balance) and to maintain a stable level of blood pressure.  Sodium allows muscle contraction.  It is essential to ensure the transmission of the nervous influx to the cell membranes and muscle contraction, called the muscle function. The sodium concentration outside the cells is tightly regulated by renal function.



Because the sodium outside the cells tends to migrate inside the cells, a sodium –potassium pump  exists at the cell membranes to hold permanently the sodium concentration outside the cell. Sodium is only half of the story. Every mineral in the body is supposed to be balanced by at least one other. 

Sodium must be balanced with potassium. When sodium and potassium are properly balanced in the body, sodium will not raise blood pressure.




Potassium is absolutely essential for the tonicity of the heart muscle tissue.  Potassium is sodium’s partner .  The Sodium -Potassium pump maintains electrolyte gradient in the 100 trillion cells. Potassium is the mineral that gets things moving.  



Potassium is known as an anion when it is broken down because it has more electrons than protons and carries a negative charge. Sodium is known as a cation because it has more protons than electrons and carries a positive charge.

When there is ample potassium inside of your cells and sodium outside of your cells, proper cell signaling from your nervous system can take place.   Magnesium plays a large role in the utilization of potassium; it modulates a primary potassium transport system in and out of individual cells, and is crucial in preventing intracellular potassium loss. 

Magnesium provides for optimum utilization of potassium and protects stores of potassium from depletion. Magnesium is necessary for the function of the sodium/ potassium pump.  If a magnesium deficiency occurs, then pumping sodium out of the cell and pumping potassium into the cell is impaired.

Prescription diuretics tend to deplete magnesium and potassium. In this situation, magnesium intake can normalize both magnesium and potassium levels in the muscle . Potassium is unable to cross the cell membrane on its own, and requires magnesium to unlock the door for its entrance. 

Once the cell membrane is open, the cell can absorb all of the potassium it needs for a proper balance. This process of achieving sodium and potassium balance accounts for 20 to 40 percent of the resting energy your body expends, demonstrating how crucial it is to healthy body function.

Warning symptoms of potassium deficiency include abnormally dry skin, acne, chills, cognitive impairment, constipation, depression, diarrhea, diminished reflexes, edema, nervousness, excessive thirst, glucose intolerance, growth impairment, hypoglycemia, high cholesterol levels, insomnia, low blood pressure, muscular fatigue, headaches, salt retention and hypersensitivity to salt, and respiratory distress.  Hormone fluctuation may also result in reduced levels of potassium.  

When you cut your sodium intake, your body will quickly compensate by holding more sodium in and releasing potassium out thereby decreasing fluid inside the muscle cell. When you increase your sodium intake your body will compensate by holding more potassium in (increasing intra-muscular fluid) and increasing the excretion of sodium.  Ions are transported so rapidly in our body that the nerve cells carry messages to any point in the body in as little as 1/1000th of a second.  



Magnesium deficiency will always be followed by potassium deficiency secondarily and because potassium and magnesium are the most important intracellular cations-- potassium and magnesium deficiency first of all is a deficiency of the cell. Cucumbers are rich in potassium help control fluid balance within and outside our cells. Potassium works in sodium-potassium pumps in cell walls which control intake of nutrients and excretion of cellular metabolic wastes.

This is a critical process for those suffering the imbalance that leads to cancer cell overgrowth. . Potassium is also critical in transmitting electrical energy throughout our nervous system. Sodium and potassium are both minerals essential to water balance and healthy nerve function.  High sodium levels and low potassium intake leads to high blood pressure and heart disease. Use of diuretics or laxatives lowers potassium levels.

Caffeine, tobacco and heavy sugar consumption reduce potassium absorption. Mental and physical stress can also lead to low potassium levels. Potassium is alkaline and constitutes 5% of the total mineral content of your body. It’s easily absorbed, but almost 90% of it is excreted through the kidneys. It’s also vital in the elimination of body wastes. Potassium will also be lost from cellular spaces if an excessive loss of sodium occurs, and a magnesium deficiency contributes to potassium loss.


Potassium depletion can cause problems within your body and lead to symptoms such as:
Fatigue
Dry skin
Muscle weakness
Slow reflexes
If these symptoms are ignored, potassium depletion can lead to heart problems.




Calcium is essential for the flow of electrical energy throughout the body.  It is a muscle constrictor.  Ionic ( the form in natural salt) calcium is one of the most important transfer agents for bringing nutrients into the cell.  Calcium is pro-inflammatory.  However calcium is regulated and controlled by magnesium.

Calcium represents structure, compressive strength, and stability in the body. Calcium is also a buffer element and  a damper.  It is very alkaline-forming in most compounds. .  Calcium is found mainly outside of the cells.  Calcium is constipating.  

Calcium is hydrophobic, while magnesium is hydrophilic ( loves water ). Calcium is required for nerve conduction and relaxes the muscles. Calcium and Magnesium act together to help regulate the body's nerve and muscle tone.  

In many nerve cells, magnesium serves as a chemical gate blocker - as long as there is enough magnesium around, calcium can't rush into the nerve cell and activate the nerve. This gate blocking by magnesium helps keep the nerve relaxed.

Calcium  promotes blood coagulation , while magnesium inhibits it. If you take high amounts of calcium daily, you may have a magnesium deficiency. Calcium and magnesium compete for the same absorption channels, so too much of one will preclude the other from being properly absorbed.



The total calcium content of cow’s milk is high, but the acidic nature of milk may not lend itself to proper calcium assimilation.  Like I said before cow’s milk has a Calcium Magnesium ratio of 10:1.  Too much cow’s milk will lower magnesium levels . The correct balance of calcium and magnesium can rectify  osteoporosis, heart disease, blood pressure, depression, and anxiety.



High calcium intake blocks magnesium absorption. Magnesium is needed to carry calcium into your bones. Calcium causes contraction in skeletal muscle fibers, and magnesium causes relaxation. When there is too much calcium and insufficient magnesium inside a cell, you can get sustained muscle contraction: twitches, spasms and even convulsions. 



Smooth muscles directed by too much calcium and insufficient magnesium can tighten the bronchial tract, causing asthma; cause cramping in the uterus and painful periods; and cause spasms in blood vessels, resulting in hypertension. Calcium and magnesium work so closely together that the lack of magnesium immediately diminishes the effectiveness of calcium. Adequate levels of magnesium are essential for the absorption and metabolism of calcium.





Magnesium relaxes you, helps improve digestion, increases alkalinity of the blood and flexibility of the tissues. It is a muscle relaxant.  



Magnesium is found in greater quantity inside the cells. Magnesium is critical for the assimilation of calcium into the bones and is crucial for regular heart function. 

Its deficiency lead to constipation. Magnesium is anti-inflammatory and a de-toxifier. Magnesium is the master molecule of the human body and is needed in over 300 different process the body performs. It is the catalyst of life. 




Magnesium is vital for the absorption of calcium into our bones.  Lack of Magnesium impacts our cell’s efficiency and duration of its useful life. The main reason for magnesium deficiency in the human body is stress, as stress causes Magnesium to be flushed out through the urine or bowels . 

Deficiency of magnesium causes the body to accumulate toxins, degenerate quickly and premature aging leading to a host of other diseases.  Optimum daily amount of Magnesium is 700 mg per day.  Low magnesium intake is associated with muscle spasm, tremors and convulsions.  Athletes use magnesium to increase energy and endurance. 



Magnesium plays an important role in carbohydrate metabolism. It also influences the release and activity of insulin, the hormone that helps control blood glucose (sugar) levels. Low blood levels of magnesium (hypomagnesemia) are frequently seen in individuals with type 2 diabetes.  




If there is not enough magnesium to do this job, both insulin and glucose become elevated. The excess glucose gets stored as fat and contributes to obesity.  

Magnesium is essential for proper electrical and neurotransmitter function in the brain.  It help prevents cognitive decline and improve brain plasticity to better deal with stress and anxiety.  Magnesium plays an important role in regulating blood pressure. A diet with high magnesium, potassium, and calcium, and low sodium and fat is ideal for lowering blood pressure.  Diuretics can cause Magnesium deficiency. 



Coconut water is an excellent health drink.   It has Calcium 2%, Magnesium 9%, Potassium5%.   Magnesium compounds keep calcium in solution.  If you are deficient in magnesium, you can get kidney or gall stones that contain insoluble forms of calcium.  



Calcium represents a congealing or cementing quality, while magnesium represents dissolution or flexibility.  Magnesium is a laxative.  


Magnesium is involved in nerve and muscle function.  Magnesium deficiency can trigger muscle tension, muscle soreness, muscle spasms, muscle cramps, and muscle fatigue.   Magnesium activates the enzymes necessary for a number of physiological functions, including neuromuscular contractions, heart and cardiovascular function, and the regulation of the acid-alkaline balance in the body.



It is necessary for the metabolism of carbohydrates, amino acids and fats; also for energy production, and the utilization of calcium, phosphorus, sodium, and potassium.  Magnesium helps utilize B-complex vitamins, vitamin C, and vitamin E.  

Magnesium absorption when ingested is carrier-mediated and is influenced by transit time through the gut, dietary intake of magnesium, and the amounts of phosphorous and calcium in the diet  These minerals compete for absorption sites in the intestinal mucosa.  Excess magnesium that is not deposited in bone or retained in tissue is excreted through the urine.



Alcoholism, renal disease, diabetes mellitus may all cause a magnesium deficiency to occur. Magnesium helps blood pressure become and stay regulated, reduces the formation of plaque in arteries, and reduces spasms. Magnesium prevents excessive amounts of calcium from damaging heart cells. 

It also dilates your arteries, allowing better blood flow. Depression and anxiety can begin with an imbalance of calcium and magnesium. Too much calcium can contribute to depression and irritability, whereas magnesium helps your brain make the calming chemical called dopamine.

Magnesium, not calcium, is the mineral that calms your emotions as well as your muscles.  Serotonin is a natural antidepressant, but your brain needs magnesium in order to make serotonin.  Low serotonin production can cause a number of symptoms including depression, obsessive thinking, and anxiety. When you're under stress your body loses more magnesium than usual. 



Stress causes your adrenal glands to produce more adrenaline and other hormones, like cortisol, causing more magnesium excretion. When your magnesium is low, your adrenal glands produce still more cortisol, which in turn decreases your levels of DHEA, -- an anti-aging hormone .

Stress causes fatty acids to be released in your body and attach themselves to magnesium, which makes it more difficult for magnesium to be absorbed.  Magnesium regulates the enzyme that makes cholesterol. The body makes cholesterol for a reason. All steroid hormones that run our bodies (stress hormones, sex hormones, and so forth) are ultimately made from cholesterol.  



Magnesium is essential for proper insulin levels. You cannot produce insulin, you cannot secrete insulin, and your cells cannot recognize insulin without proper levels of Magnesium.  An imbalance of too much Calcium and too little magnesium causes depression. In USA  the top 20 highest-selling drugs are antidepressants ,which could be well solved with a proper diet and exercise , instead of continuing with junk food.  



72% of Migraines are related Calcium magnesium imbalance. Magnesium is required for the body to produce and store energy. Without magnesium there is no energy, no movement, no life. It is that simple.  Magnesium permits a small amount of calcium to enter a nerve cell, just enough to allow electrical transmission along the nerves to and from the brain, then forces it back outside. Even our thoughts, via brain neurons, are dependent on magnesium.


Magnesium is indicative in playing a role in the prevention and/or treatment of the following health conditions:

Alcoholism
Anxieity & Depression
Angina pectoris
Arrhythmia
Asthma
Autism
Chronic fatigue
Congenital heart disease
Congestive heart failure
Coronary artery disease
Diabetes
Eclampsia
Epilepsy
Glaucoma
Heart attack
HIV/AIDS
Hypertension
Hypertriglyceridemia
Inflammatory bowel disease
Migraine
Multiple sclerosis
Osteoporosis
Peptic ulcers
PMS
Pre-eclampsia
Raynaud's syndrome
Systemic lupus erythematosus

 Symptoms due to a lack of magnesium have three categories.
Early symptoms:
Anorexia
Apathy
Confusion
Fatigue
Insomnia
Irritability
Muscle twitching
Poor memory
Reduced ability to learn

Moderate deficiency symptoms:
Heart (cardiovascular) changes
Rapid heartbeat

Severe deficiency:
Continued muscle contraction
Delirium
Numbness
Seeing or hearing things that aren't there (hallucinations)
Tingling






Above: heavily calcified heart valve


The heart is NOT an "organ," but is actually a "muscle."  In fact, it's the hardest working muscle in our body.  Every 24 hours our hearts beat more than a lakh times and circulates 9000 litres of blood. The highest concentration of magnesium in our body is in the heart ventricles, which are the muscles that "pump" all that blood.  

Muscle energy in our body is solely in the form of Mg2-ATP (Magnesium-adenosine triphosphate).  Our heart cells (and every cell in our body) must have magnesium present in plentiful amounts to create and metabolize the ATP necessary to run all of the cell's activities.

When electrolyte imbalance becomes great enough, the cell no longer has the ability to produce ATP.  ATP is primarily dependent on magnesium.  So, cell death - cardiac necrosis is the result of a systemic shortage of magnesium. Heart muscle cell death is followed by inflammation in order to clean up the debris from dying cells followed by fibrosis/calcification as the whole area contracts and scars down in order to isolate, repair and minimize the damage. 

Chronic stress causes magnesium loss, which then leads to cell death. The cellular influx of excess, unregulated calcium accelerates this process.  If magnesium isn't available, the mineral ion channels in cells are left wide open and calcium floods in.

Any cell unable to create proper levels of energy becomes diseased and dies, and this is especially true of heart muscles cells. "Stress," in all its many forms leads to magnesium use, and if not curtailed, magnesium loss. An accelerated MBR (Magnesium Burn Rate) leads to electrolyte dysfunction, which results in imbalances of our key minerals. The chronic loss of magnesium leads to a relentless increase of sodium and calcium which ultimately becomes the greatest form of cellular "Stress."

Unregulated calcium is bad for you. And how do we create a condition of calcium excess? Human biochemistry strongly favors holding onto as much calcium as possible. However, magnesium is flushed out through the urine or bowels when the body is under stress .

People with high calcium and low levels of magnesium can suffer sudden death heart attacks due to electrical imbalance without having significant coronary artery calcification.  


Excess calcium reduces magnesium.  Calcium and magnesium work together in muscle contraction and relaxation.  If magnesium isn't available, the mineral ion channels in cells are left wide open and calcium floods in leading to it's calcification. Loss of magnesium leads to a relentless increase of sodium and calcium which ultimately becomes the greatest form of cellular "Stress”.  

Dominance of calcium over magnesium produces symptoms of muscle spasm. Migraines, eyelid twitch, heart flutters, back aches, premenstrual tension, leg cramps and constipation are all linked to calcium overload.  Excessive calcium may also result in kidney stones and heart valve calcifications. Therefore, the ratio of calcium to magnesium has to be 1:1, as compared with a 15:1 ratio in present-day diets. 

On an ongoing basis the cells in our body become old, die and are replaced with new cells. In a diet lacking essential minerals and vitamins, molecules in the body lose electrons and become free radicals. These free radicals attack healthy cells to take back electrons damaging even more cells. As the cell’s efficiency degenerates in long term, the genetic material in the cell gets damaged or changes, its processes go wrong and produce mutations. 

Magnesium deficiency can lead directly to cancer. While calcium is not used in many enzymes in the body, magnesium is a component of thousands of enzyme. Magnesium is essential for thousands of enzymes in the body and may be said to represent enzyme strength, while calcium represents structural strength or bone strength. .  

In electrical terms, calcium represents a compressive pressure or voltage.  Magnesium is tensive and more about amperage or intensity.  Ohm’s law and Joule’s law apply here.  For example, Joule’s law states that voltage multiplied by amps = power or watts.  

Both Calcium and Magnesium are divalent cations, both form hard compounds, and both have a mainly calming effect on the body, although magnesium is needed for energy production, as well. The calcium magnesium ratio, reveals the physical, mental, emotional and other aspects of a person all at once. 

With a high ratio, calcium, the cement-like mineral, is more dominant.  This is associated with a kind of defensiveness.  When the ratio is low, the opposite can be true, and a person often demonstrates less defensiveness.

Calcium and magnesium are more structural elements, particularly calcium.  In contrast, sodium and potassium are the body’s internal regulators.  They are more responsible for the biochemical balance,  than are calcium and magnesium.

Both calcium and magnesium are deficient in most diets today, and this is due to food refining in many cases.  The refining of grains removes some of their magnesium, and pasteurizing dairy products reduces the bioavailability of calcium in these products.

Stress causes the body to produce adrenaline which in turn raises blood sugar as part of the "fight or flight" response. The sugar is meant to provide energy for the muscles, but in our modern world stress rarely results in muscular exertion so the sugar remains in the blood. The pancreas then produces more insulin to normalize blood sugar. The end result of chronic stress is exhausted adrenal glands and an exhausted pancreas.


A healthy cell has a beautiful, fluid phospholipids membrane around it which allow nutrients, electrolytes and waste matter to move freely in and out of the cell.  The core of this healing in terms of sodium/potassium and calcium/magnesium balances is all about energy. Our polarity gives us life - it is an electrical charge, an electrical current.

You can take this polarity right down to its expression at cellular level.  Minerals have different charges and the polarity is a function of the interaction between the four electrolytes: sodium and potassium (male and female) and between calcium (male charge, like sodium) and magnesium (female charge, like potassium).

Vertigo is caused by calcium carbonate crystals forming in the inner ear. Minerals come out of solution when there is not enough liquid to keep them dissolved. There is not enough liquid because the body's cells are not retaining water properly. Magnesium regulates water in cells. To cure vertigo, drink more water and take magnesium.


In Ayurveda we just drink coconut water for vertigo. The balancing mechanism in your ears is like the power steering system in your car. It relies on fluid. When you have vertigo, you have a "leak" in your "power steering system". You need to replenish the fluids in it. You can't pour water into the inner ear like you can your car, so you have to re-hydrate or over-hydrate every cell in your body to get the extra fluid up to your ears.

Since 99% of magnesium resides inside living cells, blood serum levels are not a good indicator of magnesium deficiency.  Ionized magnesium testing is the only effective way of diagnosing accurate magnesium levels in the body.

A hormone produced in the adrenal glands, aldosterone, plays a role in stimulating the kidneys’ retention of sodium.

The adrenal glands also produce a stress hormone, cortisol. The area of the brain that recognizes stress is not very sophisticated. It knows only one of two things. Either you’re sitting in peace or a black mamba is chasing you.

Exercising, riding a roller coaster, being happy, being sad or anytime you are not relaxed is interpreted as stress. This will trigger a chain reaction that will increase cortisol. That same chain reaction will cause a slight increase in aldosterone. The increased aldosterone retains more sodium and dumps more potassium. Sodium will increase the retention of water. The net result is an increase in blood pressure. 



That would be a good thing if you’re running away from the black fu#kin’ mamba . 

It is not so cool for an office worker.

By, the way, beer has plenty of Magnesium and Potassium. This post is getting too long. I will post on beer , as a health drink, later.


According to the United States Department of Agriculture National Nutrient Database, one 12-ounce ( 355 ML or CC ) serving of regular beer has the following nutrients:
Calcium: 14 mg
Magnesium: 21 mg
Potassium: 96 mg
Sodium: 14 mg



 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
BEER, MODERATE DRINKING FOR GOOD HEALTH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BEER, MODERATE DRINKING FOR GOOD HEALTH  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



After 4 decades at sea, I can safely say that I have drunk about 8 tonnes of beer, almost every major brand available on the planet.   

So I guess my knowledge of beer is NOT purely pedestrian. I can tell you drinking 2 cans of mild beer a day is good for your health.  By this I do NOT mean to consume glycerin put in Indian beers.

When I come home on leave , I am forced to drink Indian make beer. 

Nowadays modern brands like Kingfisher are OK.   

But in the seventies and eighties , beers in one litre brown bottles had TOO MUCH glycerin in it, which is NOT good for health, and gave you a hangover.  

In USA adding glycerin in beer is banned.

None of the Indian beers print on the label how much Glycerin they add.  Although the real glycerin is sweet in taste, added with beer may cause a bitter taste at the end.  Its better to remove this before consuming, but let me warn you after this the beer tastes like horse piss.

I will now play a video ( below ) demonstrating how to remove this unwanted thing from Indian beers, using a good brand. 

From the large brown beer bottles , the big glass gets filled with glycerin at the bottom causing ALL the water on top to overflow out of the glass.  Why don't you try this yourself.  

Like I said, the glycerin in the glass will taste bitter and YUCK!  And the beer remaining in the bottle , with the glycerin removed, will taste DOUBLE YUCK!!





Many people have asked me – Captain, which is your favourite beer?



When I say TSINGTAO ( This Shit Is No Good Try Another One ) beer , they exclaim what?   For none of them have ever heard of it.

China had just opened out the bamboo door in 1986, and my ship was the first in Qingdao ( Tsingtao ) dry dock.



One evening we had a dinner hosted by the shipyard, a 30 course dinner.  The yard Chairman , the ex-weightlifting champ of China was sitting next to me and we were talking about Fa hien ( Faxian ), the famous Chinese traveller who walked all the way accross India.  

So I told him that Fa hien came to indian in 399 AD and took away  a truckload of books ( Astronomy, , Science ,  Math, Medicine ,  Buddhist philosophy etc ) from India.  



He got it translated to Chinese by using an Indian by the name of Shramana Buddha Bhadra  ( Ba Tuo ) whom he took along  with him to Ceylon and then to Lao shan in 399 BC .  Ba Tuo was the first monk at Shaolin temple.  

Faxian wrote that he saw demons ( rakhasas ) in Ceylon , exactly as mentioned in Ramayana of 4300 BC. Probably he saw taller versions of  Jayasurya, the cricket player .



So the Chairman told me that the beer I am drinking has water taken from Lao shan spring water falls, and that he would arrange for a visit , the next Sunday, to see the place , 30 kilometers from the yard , where Faxian stayed till he died at a ripe old age. This is on top of a mountain.



This Laoshan springs  is something out of the world--crystal clear living water. No wonder the pilsner beer Tsingtao was so good.  



And I told him so, that this beer is the best I had ever drunk. It was a brewery started by the Germans who occupied that area in 1905. 



Today Tsingtao beer is one of the best known brands in the world, and they don’t need to advertise in the West.  All because of the good effects of this beer on human health .




The 2008 American drama film Gran Torino, directed by, produced by and starring Clint Eastwood, features Clint Eastwood drinking Tsingtao beer at a party thrown by Hmong neighbors.  So the Yanks said in all their wisdom– what is good for Dirty Harry is good for us too.

All right, let me get to the subject.

First things first.

Contraditions: Pregnant or breast-feeding women should not drink beer.  Even small amounts of alcohol can damage a developing fetus. People with alcoholism or drug addictions should not drink beer.  People with liver, and pancreatic disease should speak should avoid it, unless their doctor says ok.. People with gout must know that severe pain is triggered by alcohol.

The wine lobby has put wine on moral high ground.  But hey, but beer deserves just the same acclamation and it is healthier,  thirst quenching and easier on the pockets.


I am NOT advocating strong beer. Just less than one litre of mild beer a day.  It decreases the risks of aging.  Such drinkers have a lower risk of dementia in old age than non-drinkers.

I am NOT advocating beer as medicine. Beer is something to enjoy, without any guilt attached. As a captain on a ship , when I make a service report on the sobriety column , a teetotaler gets same marks as one who uses his drinks wisely, to bridge divides and to run a happy show. Beer is considered to be a social lubricant.

In moderation,beer is part of a wholesome diet.  Beer has fewer calories per 100ml than wine, spirits, and even orange juice. So all this talk about a beer belly is all bullshit. Anything excessive is bad, even drinking water or breathing oxygen. 

People who eat excessively and never seen beer in their lives still can have a gargantuan belly. Men generally gain weight around their abdomen while woman generally gain weight all over, it is as simple as that.  Alcohol metabolises to sugar, which in excess metabolises to fat.



All alcoholic beverages, including beer, have been shown to boost HDL, the "good" cholesterol, lower LDL the "bad" cholesterol and thin the blood, to reduce the risk of heart attack and stroke. 

Moderate alcohol consumption, which is one 12 oz beer a day for women and two for men, has also been linked to a lower risk of type 2 diabetes and improved brain function in older adults.

Carbohydrates in beer serve as an energiser - they are easily digested and provide the body with quickly available energy.



Beer comprises of 93% water. It is made from malted barley, cereals, hops, yeast and water. Carbohydrates in the beer are in liquid form which means they can be assimilated quickly by the body. It is a low alcohol beverage (4.5%) in comparison with wine (12%) and spirits such as vodka or whisky (45%). 

This means less pure alcohol entering the body. 100ml of a 5 per cent lager contained 43 calories, compared to the 84 calories of the same quantity of a 12 per cent white wine.

The digestive system is not taxed. It is an effective aperitif . The only natural drinks with fewer calories than beer are plain tea, black coffee and water.

Moderate drinkers live longer and better than drunks or teetotalers. Beer is perfect for moderate drinking because of its lower alcohol content and larger volume compared with wine or spirits.

Beer contains over 30 different minerals that come from malted barley . Beer contains significant amounts of nutrients, including magnesium, selenium, potassium, phosphorus, biotin and chromium.  

According to the United States Department of Agriculture National Nutrient Database, one 12-ounce ( 355 ML or CC ) serving of regular beer has the following nutrients:
Calcium: 14 mg
Magnesium: 21 mg
Potassium: 96 mg
Sodium: 14 mg


As you can see beer is  low in calcium and high in magnesium. It is preventive against heart disease and against the formation of kidney stones and urinary tract. The low sodium content of beer means that it is low in salt and it has a diuretic effect. 

The high content of minerals, particularly potassium and magnesium, regulates electrolyte balance and ensures trouble-free cellular functionality.

Beer acts as a diuretic because it is low in sodium and high in potassium, which helps cleanse the body.  It has high levels of B vitamins, particularly folic acid, which is believed to help prevent heart attacks. Folic acid useful in the prevention of anemia.  B vitamins can help support the heart by lowering blood pressure, reproduction of red blood cells, and providing necessary functions to supply nutrients to the heart



The most amazing  health connection is something called xanthohumol, a flavonoid found only in hops.  Flavonoids are  potent antioxidants present in beer in significant quantities Xanthohumol is a potent antioxidant that inhibits cancer-causing enzymes. 

Hops also contain polyphenols, which help lower cholesterol, fight cancer and kill viruses. Beer contains antioxidants as well. Selenium and ferulic acid in beer are anti-oxidants.

Beer also has soluble fiber, good for keeping you regular, which in turn reduces the likelihood that your system will absorb unhealthy junk like fat. Beer can boost your metabolism.  Mpderate beer consumption may lower a drinker’s risk of diseases such as Alzheimer’s disease and diabetes, and can even reduce weight gain.


Beer is sometimes referred to as "liquid bread".  Beer is only "processed" in the sense that bread is: It is cooked and fermented, then filtered and packaged.

Beer is the third-most popular beverage overall, after water and tea. Sales of beer are four times those of wine.

Chilling beer makes it more refreshing. Beer doesn't need preservatives because it has alcohol and hops, both of which are natural preservatives.


Beer not only has no cholesterol, it can actually improve the cholesterol in your body. In fact, drinking beer regularly and moderately will tilt your HDL/LDL cholesterol ratios the right way. You've got two kinds of cholesterol in your system: HDL, the "good" cholesterol that armor-plates your veins and keeps things flowing, and LDL, the "bad" cholesterol that builds up in your veins like sludge in your bathtub drain.

If you're someplace where you are advised not to drink the water, the local beer is always a safer bet. It's even safer than the local bottled water. Beer is boiled in the brewing process and is kept clean afterwards right through the bottle being capped and sealed, because if it isn't, it goes bad in obvious ways that make it impossible to sell. Even if it does go bad, though, there are no life-threatening bacteria bacteria that can live in beer.



So, what are you waiting for? 

KEEP AWAY FROM AMERICAN PISS BEERS  LIKE BUDWIESER,  MILLER ,  BLUE RIBBON PABST WHICH USES GM CORN AND HFCS SYRUP.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
BITTI MOHANTY RAPE OF GERMAN TOURIST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

BITTI MOHANTY RAPE CASE ,  A LEVEL HEADED , DISPASSIONATE ANALYSIS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



My wife just told me not to blog about the Bitti Mohanty case -- she knows I am a bit blunt while telling the truth -- but then I YAM WHAT I YAM.  

I just can’t make a shovel out of a spade.

A 22 year old Indian MBA student Bitti Mohanty was  sentenced to seven years' imprisonment for raping a 26 year old German research scholar from New Delhi at Alwar, India . 

The German lady and Bitti Mohanty were on a pleasure holiday in Rajastan and stayed in the same room at hotel room at Alwar on 20 March 2006. 

Nobody knows for sure what happened as the woman did NOT have any forceful entry signs on her— nor was any DNA tests done on vaginal swabs.   The boy comes under the group of “tall dark handsome and eligible“


The German woman alleged that Mohanty had raped her several times on 20 March 2006 under the influence of alcohol.  

Did she protest?   

Did she make any noise?  

Did she try to escape , and did Biiti restrain her by tying her up or locking the room ? 

Are there any bruises or marks on her body?  

Was she a teetotaler, and are we to believe that she did not have alcohol ? 

This case was THE quickest rape trial conducted by a fast-track court, with pressure from the German embassy on the Indian government.  Here in India such legal cases takes too long.



After spending about seven months in jail, Bitti was released from Alwar jail on 20 November, 2006 on a 15-day parole to see his ailing mother in Cuttack . He jumped bail and went missing after that.  His father who was the  Director General of Police of Orissa, a top rank, had stood surety.

Bitti Mohanty was arrested from Kannur in Kerala, on Saturday, March 9th 2013.  He was working as an assistant manager in the local State Bank of Travancore branch after passing the tough BSRB (Banking service Board ) exams.  

He had grown a moustache and side burns and had assumed a new identity as "Raghav Raja". After jumping bail in 2006, Bitti had actually obtained an MBA degree after writing the exams. He had got for himself a new identity passport and a driving licence and an election ID card. 

It does not require great mental acuity to figure out that this boy was a pawn and his top cop father manipulated everything, out of fatherly instincts for his only son.

I will now tell a truth that may be new for everybody.  People with criminal genes and clinical psycho cases fall out of the perimeter of this truth.

EVERY HUMAN BEING’S DNA IS AFFECTED BY THE ENVIRONMENT.

This means this can happen to you and your son too— even if you both are model citizens of this planet..

ALL OF US GET CONFUSED WHEN CULTURES CLASH.

This means your young and handsome college going son is taken along by a white skinned woman for a pleasure holiday, this could happen to your darling innocent son, who never harmed a fly .  You must remember that young Bitti confessed to having sex with this German girl.

Being a handsome sailor for 40 years, I can tell you that signals can mislead due to culture clash.  As a bachelor I was used to being kissed on the mouth by young white girls as a sign of thank you, or even to show they are happy to be with me.  She could have just said thank you , —there is no need to kiss on the lips, leave alone the cheek .  

In India we do NOT say thank you  ( like the Japanese and the west ) unless we mean it.  She may NOT kiss me if I looked repulsive , unhygienic and uncouth.  This may be normal in her western culture.  

In India if a boy says my father is the DG of police, doors open everywhere, like magic . You are allowed to go to spots like a VVIP where other tourists can never go.

In Indian culture mouth to mouth kissing and hugging is only between two people ready for consensual sex— rather it is an open invitation.



And let me tell you even in India, a saree pallu never falls by mistake. You never get to see the crotch of an Indian girl wearing a skirt by mistake. She does it deliberately. Indian girls are only afraid of social stigma. 



Otherwise god made a woman the same everywhere. And as far as the boys are concerned , once you have a boner, the blood supply to brain is diverted to the organ between his legs. Caution flies away along with the wind.

When the whole of India was baying for blood about another “eve teasing cum murder case “ I had put a post , analyzing the situation.  I was the only person on the internet to do this.  Same way I will be the only person on the internet to see this incident in a dispassionate manner.  I just put own handsome eligible son into Bitti’s shoes.

Punch into Google search KEENAN AND REUBEN KILLED FOR PROTESTING AGAINST EVE TEASING VADAKAYIL

People who know Capt Vadakayil ,( including my worst detractors) , will tell you that even if the whole world jumps into the bandwagon, Captain takes his own call. 


I remember in Spain the arrogant loading master told my Spanish Chief Officer to call the Captain down to CCR to sign cargo documents.   He had the power to declare my ship unsuitable for the terminal by grading the ship in his report.  He was told off in Spanish, " Every single Captain on this planet would have come down to see you, on the basis of this threat.  But if you want to see this Indian captain, you must go up.  He sets the procedure on his ship ".

So when the whole world jumped into the alien ARSENIC in DNA theory bandwagon of NASA , I was the only one on the internet to tell NASA to fu#k off,  within an hour, with a long post.  My wife was wondering why I was refusing to eat.

From the 4th day onwards several scientist bloggers went hammer and tongs against NASA and pretty soon NASA  gave an official apology, and declared that they are going back to the lab bench.

Punch into Google search DNA NASA ARSENIC VADAKAYIL

Same way when CERN told about GOD PARTICLE I was the first on the internet telling them to fu#k off. Today all know that CERN does NOT push this god discovery anymore.

Punch into Google search HIGGS BOSON , GOD PARTICLE NONSENSE, SOME MORE FUNDS PLEASE VADAKAYIL

Abraham Lincoln wrote to his son’s school headmaster about JUMPING INTO THE BANDWAGON

Respected Teacher,
My son will have to learn I know that all men are not just, all men are not true.
But teach him also that for ever scoundrel there is a hero; that for every selfish politician, there is a dedicated leader. Teach him that for every enemy there is a friend. 
It will take time, I know; but teach him, if you can, that a dollar earned is far more valuable than five found.
Teach him to learn to lose and also to enjoy winning.
Steer him away from envy, if you can.
Teach him the secret of quite laughter. Let him learn early that the bullies are the easiest to tick.
Teach him, if you can, the wonder of books.. but also give him quiet time to ponder over the eternal mystery of birds in the sky, bees in the sun, and flowers on a green hill –side.
In school teach him it is far more honourable to fail than to cheat.
Teach him to have faith in his own ideas, even if every one tells him they are wrong.
Teach him to be gentle with gentle people and tough with the tough.
Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd when every one is getting on the bandwagon.
Teach him to listen to all men but teach him also to filter all he hears on a screen of truth and take only the good that comes through.
Teach him, if you can, how to laugh when he is sad. Teach him there is no shame in tears. Teach him to scoff at cynics and to beware of too much sweetness.
Teach him to sell his brawn and brain to the highest bidders; but never to put a price tag on his heart and soul.
Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob… and to stand and fight if he thinks he’s right.
Treat him gently; but do not cuddle him because only the test of fire makes fine steel.
Let him have the courage to be impatient, let him have the patience to be brave. Teach him always to have sublime faith in himself because then he will always have sublime faith in mankind. 
This is a big order; but see what you can do. He is such a fine little fellow, my son.
Abraham Lincoln.

People who judge this post must know that I am 3 in 1 on the ships I command -- judge, jury and police.

WE ARE ALL INHERENTLY GOOD PEOPLE  ( leave out the criminal gene holders ).

When you make a judgement ask yourself certain questions.  Propel yourself back in time, imagine you are now 22 years old.  A white woman begged you to accompany here on a tour. You stay in the same room.  



You had sex, because you thought she wanted it.  Because in India is a girl goes on a holiday with a boy alone, and stays in the same room, acts extra friendly in skimpy warm weather clothes , you mistake it for an invitation.


Have you seen the Hollywood movie PASSAGE TO INDIA ? Miss Adela Quested the young English woman takes Dr Aziz ( Victor Bannerjee ) for a holiday , and then she accuses him of rape in the Barabar caves.


Digression:  History bandit E.M.Forster says in his book "A Passage to India" that this cave was dug in 300 BC . This cave is mentioned in Mahabharata of 4000 BC—as Gorathgiri caves.  Maharishis meditated in this cave.


The British colonists firmly believe that Aziz is guilty; at the back of all their minds is the conviction that all darker peoples lust after white women. Say again?

Nothing is more ugly for me than the sight of blue veins on pale white legs 

YUCKK!



PTEOOOY !!!

This is the reason why they sit in the sun for a tan , and wear leg stockings .  And they all secretly lust after the big black thing.

Is is not important to know about the character of Bitti Mohanty from his teachers, his acquaintances and his classmates?  

Why do we NOT apply all this quick track courts to all the criminal white skinned pedophiles and the “ kidney buyers”  roaming around in India.

Are we still slaves?

“Striyas charitram, Purushasya bhagyam, Devo Na Janati, Krito Manushyaha… ( Manu Smriti 7000 BC )
‘A woman’s character and a man’s destiny even gods can’t gauge… ‘ (basically women are unpredictable and irrational )

Punch into Google search MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER VADAKAYIL

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
AMWAY, MERCHANTS OF PIPE DREAMS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GREED THE DRIVING SPIRIT OF AMWAY SLAVES,  FINESSING THE ART OF PIMPING FANTASIES ,  PYRAMID BASE FINANCIAL HOLOCAUST ,  QUIXTAR  THE SULTANS OF GREED-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Couple of years ago, my Chief Engineer was in my cabin having a drink. 

I felt that he was in a happy mood. I asked him the reason ,and he said that his only daughter would be getting married soon. 

Since he was my close buddy ,I asked him what the would be groom does for a living. He very proudly states that he is self employed and he has left his job to be in the Amway business. 

Knee jerk, I advised him. After you finish the drink ring up your wife immediately and call this alliance off, if you daughter is NOT in love with him.  It is NOT worth it.

My Chief Engineer left his drink and made a satellite call from my cabin itself.  I could overhear him convincing his wife that the Captain hardly makes wrong decisions .

Then he came back and wanted to know if I had any personal experience with Amway.  I told him an incident that happened on my previous ship.

I was asleep in port with cargo discharge in progress in a US port. I got a call from my Chief Officer from the CCR, and he said that a woman at the gangway wants to meet me—and he stressed that I would surely like to meet her.

So I peeped out of my porthole and saw a woman standing on the quay. She was allowed up and pretty soon she was in my cabin. 




To be frank, she looked absolutely drop dead gorgeous, young, in perfect shape , blue eyes, blonde, in skin tight blue leotards ( with her camel toe , the cynosure of every male eye ).  Look into Wikipedia if you want to see what a camel toe is. 



She turned out to be an AVON sales woman. Though I offered her a seat, she wanted to kneel by my side and display the goodies in her bag.  Pretty soon I caught on , she was giving me a free show . Her pink nipples were standing out like bullets . So I rang up my Chief Engineer and told him to come to my cabin el pronto. 

My Chief Engineer came , had a look at her and sort of melted away. Then he called me up, on the telephone and said “ Captain saab come to my cabin “ I could feel the excitement in his voice. So I gave a Coke to the Avon lady and went to the Chief Engineer’s cabin. 

He was rewinding a video cassette. Pretty soon he started the movie and I saw the same Avon woman .  As per the title of the video she was “the queen of anal porn” – and there she was getting serviced by 3 men.

So I came back to my cabin and told her, that she has permission to go to the crew’s lounge. She sold her entire bag of goodies full of perfumes and cosmetics within half an hour,  and she left.  Get an idea of salesmanship nay sales-womanship?

At least this woman was doing something to earn a living. For she could have milked100 times more money in the porn business.

On the way out of this river port, I narrated this incident to the pilot. He asked me is she was Avon or Amway, and cried “Stay away from Amway!”.

Then he burst into tears and said that he lost his only daughter to Amway.  She was a very obedient and loving daughter till she fell in love with an aggressive boy in the Amway business.  Pretty soon she too became a distributor.  

After that she became thick skinned could NOT see life except through the Amway prism.  She tried to head hunt and prospect her own parents,  as if she was in a cult, without a mind of her own.   She shifted out of the home and lived with her boyfriend in a huff . 

When she got married there was NO invite.  




Such was the bitterness sowed, just because she could NOT recruit her own parents or make them buy ridiculously expensive Amway products like vitamin pills, "save the planet" eco-friendly cleaners . She was in a fantasy world of quick riches , buying a huge house , sports cars, etc.  

This young girl became mean and aggressive in trying to push her business into her parents  circle of friends , due to which they became socially pariah.  They tried their best to win their only daughter back,  by acquiescing to her demands, but she was beyond redemption.



Amway rewards greed in a manner which corrodes the human soul.  Rather greed is the driving spirit of Amway. 

He who is greedy is always in want—and so in their first motivational meeting , Amway wants to know your goals in life.  They want you to write it down , even before you write down the names of your friends and relatives. Nowadays your facebook status reveals more to them.




They become very happy when you say that you want your own island, yatch and private jet plane, with the Kohinoor diamond thrown in for good measure .  For this makes you a valuable recruit into their cult of greed, and the AMWAY VIRUS can occupy you faster.  

They are NOT happy with you if you just want a small maruti car and a small home for a happy family —for that makes you a loser..

What is greed?

Greed can make honest men murderers. 

Apathy and loss of human values is inherent in greed.   Greed is the inordinate desire and the relentless pursuit to possess wealth,   beyond the dictates of basic survival and comfort. 

Greedy people manipulate and deceive in a mean manner intent only on satisfying their own selfish needs.  Greed is a dark bottomless pit .  Once you spiral into this pit, you get centrifuged and exhausted  in an endless self destructing effort to satisfy the delusional need without ever reaching satisfaction.

There is a sufficiency in the world for man's need but not for man's  greed.  When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses. Greed is the inventor of injustice as well as the current enforcer. Like the love of comfort, is a kind of fear, if you look at it through a psychological prism.

Growth for the sake of greed is the ideology of the cancer cell.  

Life is a success only if you are happy. You have succeeded in life when all you really want  is only what you really NEED. 

When morality comes up against profit, it is seldom that profit loses— yes this is the petty minded , selfish and stark American way ( Amway ) .  

Ever heard the US president on TV wanting to protect “our way of life”?  Yes, this a way, where only the top of the pyramid scheme enjoys life, the bottom slave drones just keep slogging, hoping to get the golden pot at the end of the rainbow one day. 

They try to run up a down escalator. For an intelligent man will tell you that the Amway method does NOT work, unless you have sponsors.

Intensely selfish people are always very decided as to what they wish. These ugly people do not waste their energies in considering the good of others.

Be aware that Amway employs a legal army will descend upon any blogger or website which is a threat their business.  If they are above board what is the need to do this?. They will leave the shitty posts intact, and will try and get intelligent posts off.  

So read this up, folks—and spread the word around.  You will NOT get a more INCISIVE review anywhere on this planet.  No, Capt Vadakayil does NOT boast- TEE HEEEE !

Our PM Manmoham Singh was a Rothschild employee, befoe he was catapulted to the chair of the Indian Finance minister . Manmohan Singh took personal initiative to get this pyramid business model to India in 1995 when he was a finance minister.

The founder of Amway Richard De Vos was a Free mason. He had the support of the banking cartel.
The pyramid organization of Amway has been deemed to be legal, though it makes no sense. They say it is legal  because they sell merchandise out of catalogs.  


Why should something be legal when people are sold pipe dreams , which make them lose money? Only the privileged few who have their own secrets ( like our Marlboro man ) at the top of the pyramid  makes money.

Let me tell you a secret.

A Marlboro salesman came on my ship. He knew what he was upto. He has it all planned out. He knew that I had bought 200 cartons for my ship.  He got this inside information from the US Customs ( maybe a relative ) and there he was in my cabin,  giving me a fancy red Marlboro cap,  dozens of souvenir pens and lighters , to soften me up.  

All he wants is my signature and stamp on a booklet which will show to the company that he sold the cigarettes to Capt Vadakayil.  He will give me bull that now I have secured BLAH BLAH points and next time BLAH BLAH BLAH. 

Do I look stupid?

In the 1979 ruling the US Federal Trade Commission determined that Amway was not an illegal pyramid scheme because no payments were made for recruitment. Hey, the loophole out here is that friends are family are recruited with NIL money.  And they cannot sue each other right?

People are forced to join because they do NOT want to hurt the feelings of their friends and family. Before they know how deep this dark hole is , it is too late. They are brainwashed that only losers escape from the web -- nay brotherhood of Amway.



The bottom line distributors are "strongly encouraged" to listen to at least one motivational tape a day, tapes that are sold, of course, by their uplines ( persons above them on the pyramid ).  Amway sends two expensive tapes to each distributor weekly and the distributors are billed for the tapes.  

At the Amway meetings, the distributors are often pressured to buy more tapes, books and videos from the diamond and emerald speakers.  Most of the profit from these sales goes directly to the diamond and emerald distributors.

If the product is good and reasonably priced, what is the need to sell HOPE by means of motivational nonsense in CDs’ to gullible people ?   

In any case why do you charge money for these motivational books and tapes?  

There is big money to be milked just by selling these compulsory tapes right? 

Why don’t you put all your motivational bullshit on the net and given your dear worker drones a free password, for different levels? 



What is the need to defraud the gullible into thinking that with a little hard work and soap in their holes --- OOPS--- hope in their souls, they can become rich beyond their wildest dreams.

There is absolutely no reason to believe that Amway products are better than the ones who get for half the price elsewhere. A man is trying to make both ends meet, put his daughter into college and you want him to contribute though his nostrils to save the planet? Why don’t you do that.  Since you have so much money?  

And how did Amway Corp get rich so fast?  By being compassionate to your own dear people ? Why did you need to change your brand name from Amway to Quixtar?  Hey, why do you have a connection with mercenary org Blackwater?

Why do you need to build up a cult whose main product is Amway itself.  What is the need to sell --nay brainwash your people with false hopes of early retirement.  Who else does all this? Is this the American way whose short form you have lifted and converted to Amway?  

Why are your  seminars and meetings  reminiscent of revivalist meetings, where the power of positive thinking is deleted and replaced by blind faith in the Amway “get rich quick” system.



Now, let us look at your “legal” pyramid scheme.  Are you not aware that a pyramid scheme even if legal has a SATURATION POINT?




What will an intelligent man call a pyramid scheme where the bottom strata are doomed to lose money and the top strata makes moolah out of this displaced money.  The word is SCAM, right?. Here the upper layers support this fraud,  as they want more eager beaver recruits to shore themselves up, in a selfish manner . Salvation lies in rising up the pyramid strata, right?.

How can such a Amway cycle sustain itself, without approx. 90% people will losing their money somewhere down the line?  Once saturated  how is it possible to recruit the number of people required to pay off the previous layer of recruiters? 

Never mind the illusion of legality as presented by  revamped schemes supported by “lobbied up” celebrities like ex-US Republican presidents , they are still a fraud to an intelligent man, who knows for sure that the "emperor is NOT wearing clothes" .  

Legal multi-level marketing (MLM) involves being recruited in order to sell a product that actually has some inherent value, and ONLY if it is not OVER PRICED compared to the same products available with countless other major popular brands.. 

This is because once you have run out of friends and family to recruit, and your reputation as a “ slimy Amyway head hunter" or “ugly Amway prospector”  is laid threadbare, and people treat you like the plague even in malls and pizza joints , you are forced to selling this awfully overpriced consumer item to survive .  Making a profit this way is just a pipe fu#kin' dream.


Brainwashed Amway worker drones to the Amway success theory of “fake it till you make it” just burn up from inside. Their ego forces them to lie to their own wives and children, and take out their frustrations on them. This is how the Amway virus destroys close knit "once upon a time very loving" families.

First of all any pyramid scheme which does NOT deliver the return promised in writing involves deception and fraud . But hey, Amway has a loop hole to wriggle out of this. They will say that this moaning mangy loser man did NOT read our motivational books and listen to our tapes and did NOT attend our last seminar ( where he has to foot all expenses ). The entire blame comes like a ton of shit on your own head .

 


Amway forces you to buy the products ONLY from the direct layer on top of you , on this pyramid . In this kind of pyramid scheme, you would be required to lie to and recruit new members into the MLM ( multilevel marketing (sic) ) in order to make a profit and keep the MLM alive.  






The Jewish conman Bernard Madoff stole almost $65 billion by means of a Ponzi pyramid scheme . On June 29, 2009, he was sentenced to 150 years in prison, the maximum allowed. . 

In a Ponzi scheme, there is one person who takes people's money as an "investment" and does not necessarily tell them how their returns will be generated.  As such, the people's return on investment could be generated by anything; it could come from money taken from new investors - which means new investors essentially pay off the old investors - or even from money made by drugs, gambling or prostitution (or Bollywood or IPL ).

The founder of Amway Freemason Richard De Vos has a Jewish bloodline.  The first Amway building had a Masonic square and compass symbol on the front facade. The luxurious Amway Grand Plaza Hotel in Grand Rapids, Michigan where Amway has its international conventions for its distributors was built right onto a huge Masonic temple.

When a so called legal pyramid scheme has more than 98% failure rate of the bottom layer,  it becomes a scam. .  The US Federal Trade Commission has permitted the fleecing of Amway dupes because the money taken from the pockets of these poor victims has funded the lobbying kitty of the Amway empire to protect their fleecing of the flock business .

Punch into google search EXPLORING THE MIND OF A CON MAN VADAKAYIL



I have seen such a fraud in a casino in England.  My wife saw a machine where lot of whole pile of ONE pound coins were precariously perched on a ledge. You put one more coin and a big chunk of the pile would obviously come falling down, as there was no more place to accommodate a new coin entry..  My wife put a coin and a whole lot of coins fell down, and she made a neat profit of 6 pounds. So she put another coin. This time nothing happened. So I suggested that she give back the machine the remaining 5 coins.  Every time she put a coin she was hoping for the pile of coins to fall again.  But I noticed , now a small secret window had opened up at the sides.  No pressure would be put on the about to fall pile anymore. The new coin would push another coin into the sides – into the secret  kitty of the machine owner.  Now we waited till another person came. She also got lot of coins with his first try.  And you should have seen the way she ran to the counter to exchange a currency note for coins—so that nobody else can come to the machine in her absence and take away the coins will “will” fall for her soon.  So I showed her the secret slots which had opened up on the side. They machine recognizes a new fool , probably by a sensor taking in the color of the dress.   

So the people in Amway who make money are the ones who change the color of the dress-  

TEE HEEEE!




The people who gave this venomous money sucking squid Amway a legal business certificate should be investigated and jailed.


An Amway man is now recognized as the man who screwed his friends and family. There are reports than in India promotions and junior job selections are based on getting recruited into the Amway brotherhood.  Pretty much the same way Catholic convents convert poor Indian Hindu families by offering admission to their young children to English medium LG and UKG sections.



Does this Amway company who has become super rich, do any benefit to the national economy? Then how have they got in even into India ?  By ministers getting lobbied up, right?

Amway makes a profit on every sale of every product it offers for sale. The sales people are considered independent business owners (IBOs) and they make money on every sale they make and by recruiting others to makes sales of the same products.  They spend money buying Amway products. Strangely they also spend a lot of money buying compulsory CDs , books and attending seminars aimed at making them believe that having a positive attitude and working hard are the keys to success.  



In Amway, one is recruited as an "independent" distributor of Amway products by buying a couple of hundred dollars' worth of the products from the one who recruits you, known as your "upline." Every distributor in turn tries to recruit more distributors.  Income is generated by sales of products by the distributor plus "bonuses" from sales of his or her recruits and their recruit-descendents. The distributors  income depends primarily not on their own sales of Amway products but on sales made by others whom they've recruited.



In the seminars they use Amway specific slang and abbreviations to give them the sense of bonding , like how small convent girls talk in P language and feel important as a girly giggling gang.  WAPPAT IPPIS YOPPOUR NAPPAME.( what is your name ).

So when my wife’s Auxilium convent gang came to visit my ship 30 years ago, they thought they can hold secret conversations till I gave it to them in P and T language combined, twice as fast.

What is unique is the faith, devotion and hope that the Amway foot soldiers have—almost like the Mormons.  The way they work themselves into a passionate frenzy while prospecting new recruits in a shameless thickskinned manner has to be seen to be believed.  

Quitting  would mean giving up hope of a happy future, sipping margaritas on a yacht in a Caribbean bay,  right?.




The Amway “hook” is simple enough. You become a “distributor” for a low, low entry fee. This makes you a retail franchise, a businessman . You sell Amway products and make your profits..  But if you want to make real money, you sign up other “distributors”. They’ll be your “downline”, and when they sell anything, you get paid a commission (they call it a “bonus”).

You buy $200 a month of Amway products for yourself, upon which you get a few dollars back. But if you can sign up 10 people, and they sign up 10 people apiece (and so on, and so on), eventually you’ll have 7,000 people, which will qualify you for the “diamond” distributor category. And if each of those people buys $200 a month of Amway products, you will generate nearly $17 million in yearly sales! 

Now you can sit back, relax, and just rake in the moolah, right?

Wrong!

The model usually collapses long before that, because quite frankly, most people aren’t gullible enough to go for it.  

This is why 80% of Amway distributors drop out.  Amway business model is the enormous sales volume required in order to make any money.

There’s only two winners in the system: the people who run the parent corporation, and the people who sit at the top of the pyramid (even though the whole pyramid is losing money overall, they are taking such a large share of the commissions that they make money at the expense of the rest at the bottom ). 

In effect, 90% of the people in the pyramid must lose money so that the remaining 10% can divide the profits amongst themselves , with the lion’s share going to the people at the very top. 

These people then turn around and use this money to “lobby” ( bribe ) the powers in the government to keep their scheme operating. Now you know how the top of the pyramid gets rich, and how this system continues to be “legal”.

Other hidden expenses for distributors include mailing, handling, doing forms, advertising, cell phone roaming bills, and driving personal vehicles to deliver or pick up products.  Unless you hire a servant type who will foot slog with a bag of goodies , you spend a lot on petrol.

Amway's attitude toward any insider critical of the organization has bordered on paranoia. In any seminar of meeting dissidents are not allowed to give their testimony .  They are told off and an elaborate guilt trap will be laid on you, something you never ever faced in your life 

“ You are just dumb —you are a failure—you did NOT work hard enough—you did NOT devote enough time and energy—you did NOT listen to the latest CD, here buy one— you have not yet developed the Amway prospector’s eye—  you loser, were you serious about your dreams of giving your children a good education --  you are low on loyalty and courage of your  convictions,  no wonder it didn't work for you--- you didn't do exactly as you were taught—you need to retune your prospecting radar— stop worrying , it will all fall in place soon—how can you say this,I thought your are a bright guy-- is this the level of your commitment to your family?--if you have not yet seen the light , whose fault is it ?”

Sometimes you will be told “ Have faith and just keep doing what you're doing, Amway’s way is a tried and tested model"  



Something like what Winston Churchill tells through drunken lips, with a heroin suppository up his a$$hole for good measure  “ If you are going through hell, keep going !!”.

Some will even put a carrot on stick.  “When we find you are ready  ( meaning properly brainwashed to be non-skeptic ) we will show you ways how you can make extra money from the sales of tools to your own downline . You may not understand it now, but it will become clear when you're successful. You work more on the front end, but get lots of money at the back end." You are too dumbstruck to ask what this back end is.
Because the group is offering their own form of salvation, the deception is rationalized because the end goal justifies whatever means are necessary to achieve that goal.

They will never admit that you have been deliberately lied to and dumped on an down going escalator and told to run up and take all the money lying for you on top. The inherent flaws in the system does NOT allow you to make money unless you sell your soul and cheat people.

Deception lies at every step from the first day to the last stage . When the new distributor starts to build the business, he is taught to contact people about "building a business," not about "building an Amway business."  


I dare anybody to say , that in a mall he pounced on a prospect and said “ Hi wanna join Amway?”  When a gullible new person is sponsored, he is told to make a PIMPING list (using carbon paper in this age ) of all the friends and family he knows.  A copy of the list is given to his sponsor who can then contact those people for him. 

They will even invade your face book account.

In India where people scam goes further that the West, the Amway people start the GENI tree and they take a lot of pains, trying to be very pally pally with the “see we are all of same blood tree”. 

These Amway people have NIL character, they will lie through their teeth , and they will sacrifice you on the altar of greed. 

The worst is people using nuisance potential, to wrangle a recruit. If you want water connection, well can you be an Amway recruit?  Or you wait, till the cows come home.  



You wife is invited to a “kitty party” to join the sorority , and the moment she reaches there everybody looks at her with Amway eyes. 


Amway has injected poison into relationships, which we Indian value, unlike the West.  This is the fountain head of our happiness , friends and family. The Indian Government must have fast track justice system (  like rape ) for people who arm twist innocent and vulnerable people into joining Amway, to realize an IMPOSSIBLE pipe dream.

The distributor cannot return unsold over priced products. This forces him to use it himself and he just cannot afford this . So he runs from pillar to post to sell it , putting his honour in pickle , to recruit more new people .

Amway makes money on their initial sign up fees and the motivational CDs and books which are expensive.  Amway gives a damn if the distributor cannot sell the products which he bought.  For if products are not sold, since the pressure to move products rests with the 'distributors'.   In India, distributors will have to "renew their contract" by paying a fee—more riches for Amway.


In motivational seminars all the jokers stand in a circle bend down with arms over each other in a huddle and cry “ GO FOR DIAMOND “ like what to see in American football matches, in a ridiculous manner..  




I am sure a lot of them will be muttering under their breath “ FU#K YOU AMWAY”. Some of them have been reduced to using office telephones during coffee breaks , to save of cellular roaming charges.

Next time you see an Amway man in a mall trying to brown nose his way ask him “ So, selling soap and detergents will make me a millionaire, what else is new ?” and then watch his face.


In Amway the only people , the distributors care for is themselves. Pyramid schemes are generally abusive business practices where thick skinned and hard work is forced upon lower-level employees so that more senior workers can relax and profit,  with little independent effort. 

Lower-level workers always find it hard to make much money under these adversely tilted conditions.  In India several doctors  prescribe AMWAY herbal products/vitamins to their patients, against medical ethics.

Rothschild is involved in Amway. In China Merrill Lynch International, Jardine Fleming International and N.M. Rothschild & Sons was co-managing.

At every function, Diamond distributors who make grand entries in B&W sedans , tell stories about their hardships when they were building the business. When the Diamonds say "we drove for miles and miles for that meeting," the distributors in attendance believe that if they "drive the miles and miles," they too will become Diamonds.  

The Diamonds also repeat over and over that, by using the tools, they became successful. Therefore, the same tools will work for you as well, never mind that every person is different and cultures clash.


For a new recruit to beat the odds, he must develop the “conman gene”. As Amway science is NOT suited for the noble honorable man. So you can very well gauge the character of the distributors who have risen up the pyramids, after beating the odds. They have cheated several gullible new recruits with financial salvation. 


Like missionaries, these  Amway distributors have gone out into the world preaching that Amway is the only way  to "save yourself" from the lurking  "financial disaster" as well as the only way to achieve your lifelong dreams. As long as the new distributors feel they are following the tried and tested Amway way, they believe like a misled cult  what they are doing is right and fair and many of them think nothing of lying and conning.. 

Some of these brainwashed people when asked about their relentless foot slogging and rebuffs on the face with  low pay and long hours, actually claim that they are rewarded by their own "personal growth." They refuse to accept that they are in a catch 22 situation. Amway diamonds and platinums tell on face book about their holidays to Aruba and Hawaii, while actually people would have spotted them at home in pyjamas over the fence.




These  Diamonds don't have public stockholders to answer to, and since their seminar audience is looking to emulate them, they have no one in the audience to critique their speeches — only gaping in awe party. Such is the effect of this cult, that its leadership's charisma and integrity is not to be questioned.  In the Amway business, distributors are taught that there is virtually no other lifestyle worthwhile outside of the Amway business. 

The speeches pound into the heads that a distributor will only be happy when he reaches the Diamond level- but he will never tell them it is beyond reach. He will never tell you how much time you need to spend to break even, leave alone make a tidy profit. .  They are told again and again that this is a "proven system", and if they just follow it like a recipe they will retire in about 4 years.


The Amway dream began in 1959 in an old garage , where Jay Van Andel and his friend Richard DeVos created a multi-level marketing plan. They offered laundry and cleaning supplies to start-up entrepreneurs.  For Jay and Rich, this was THE American way, thus the name, Amway.  



Van Andel was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan, in 1924. He met Richard DeVos in high school when Van Andel charged DeVos 25 cents for rides to school in his 1929 Model A Ford, so much for being close buddies.  

Their first product was called Frisk, a concentrated organic cleaner developed by a scientist in Ohio. DeVos and Van Andel bought the rights to manufacture and distribute Frisk, and later changed the name to LOC (Liquid Organic Cleaner)

They went around telling that Multilevel marketing is just a way to remove the average person in the buying and selling process of a service or product and give the cost of marketing back to the customer. Oh yeah? The more you buy, the poorer you get but the "richer" your "upline" gets. Their refrain  was the usual bull "you have to spend it to earn it", "work now, play later”. 

You were also highly encouraged to disassociate yourself from quitters because they will "try and steal your dream”. So then Amway becomes No.25 among the largest private companies in the U.S. by Forbes in 2012.  How sweet.

Multi level marketing business that relies on selling to people you know, then they sell to people they know and on and on. You are given "gem" names to represent where you are in the business regarding your sales to further inflate your ego and create more false security. Ruby & Sapphire's are mid range but the big goal is to make "Diamond" and then there is also "Double fu#ckin’ Diamond".

Upline is the name given to everyone a head of you and "downline" is for those beneath you. All you need is to get fired up to spread the great news to all of your family and friends, so you can all retire with lot of moolah.


The 1990s rang in a new generation of leaders. Steve Van Andel and Dick DeVos succeeded their fathers as chairman and president, respectively. Doug Van Andel, another son of Jay's, is now president. Van Andel and his wife Betty both died in 2004; Betty had Alzheimer's disease, and Jay had Parkinson's.

Amway expanded overseas to Australia in 1971, to Europe in 1973, to parts of Asia in 1974, to Japan in 1979, to Latin America in 1985, to China in 1995, to Africa in 1997, to India and Scandinavia in 1998, to Russia in 2005, and to Vietnam in 2008.

On August 6, 2011 Kerala Police sealed the offices of Amway at Kozhikode, Kannur, Kochi, Kottayam, Thrissur, Kollam and Thiruvananthapuram following complaints of being sold fake dreams.

The dream sold by the website of Amway India offers its members a monthly of Rs. 62,500 if they succeed in enrolling 102 members downline of each member with the business model of 6-4-3. 

That means every member has to enroll six members and in turn these six members has to enroll four members each and these four members has to enroll three members each to complete one cycle. If the cycle is completed the first member would earn every month Rs. 62,500 without any personal effort, like magic.

Greed is quite common weakness in humans and MLM companies very effectively target that and most people don’t find any fault as such in the system and easily fall pray.  

QNet ltd, formerly known as QuestNet, GoldQuest, and QI Limited, is a Hong Kong based MLM company selling  energy, weight management, nutrition, personal care, home care, luxury goods, and fashion accessories.   

QNet was founded in Hong Kong by  a Malaysian businessman  Vijay Eswaran in 1998.  In July 2011 issue of Rothschild’s Forbes Asia, he was named as one of 48 'Heroes of Philanthropy' in the region. 

QNet operates in India through its franchisee Vihaan Direct Selling Pvt Ltd, which carries the company's brand name in the country, whose major shareholder is billiards player Micheal Ferreira and the minor shareholder another Christian..  



The gullible opportunistic  Egyptians are getting duped whole sale.

QuestNet and GoldQuest, duped people with  limited edition gold coins “whose value would increase over time” ( sic ) and we charged and forced to shut dowin in India.  However like the quintessential phoneix their new avatar QNet came back with more of such products like  bio-discs, Chi-Pendants and herbal products for anything between Rs30,000 to Rs7 lakh. 

QNet promises fabulously high returns” so long as new distributors are enrolled rapidly” TEE HEEEE !

 Its product brochure says, “With 8 ways to earn and up to 50% of the sales paid out in commissions, QNET offers the most dynamic and innovative compensation plan in the direct selling profession.” OH Boy !!


Bottom line: We all can be richer than Amway owners if we are con men.  Punch into google search EXPLORING THE MIND OF A CON MAN  VADAKAYIL

So next time some fat lady smiles at you in a mall, look at you with beady eyes and lisps  "Oh, have we met before?",  remember, she could be prospecting for a gullible Amway recruit.

Time to lift your lungi and run!  

BHAAGOOOO  SALA !

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense." - W. Heisenberg (German Physicist, 1901-1976)


As per Hinduism lore the gods and the demons churned the oceans to amrit or ambrosia. 

Finally Lord Dhanwantari ( the God of Ayurveda ) rose from the bottom of the ocean, and in his arms were four priceless objects- a pot of amrit, and three other by products --a Sudarsana Chakra,  Conch , a leech.

Whaa? A dang leech?

Yes! A dang leech!

If if you wanna know what a leech can do, and how a white man by the name of Edward Jenner became famous , by stealing intellectual property and patenting it in his name , punch into Google search EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH  VADAKAYIL

And what is this Sudarshan chakra?

It is a scalar interferometry spinning discus , on which the third world war will be fought . Nikola Tesla was introduced to the scalar concept by Swami Vivekananda. This spinning discus can loiter around like a cruise missile, is a destructive EMP, a spinning laser beam and can even cause mind control and thermal inversions to fry or freeze.

People have been trying to date the Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, by a wild goose chase of a non-existent solar eclipse in the evening of the war. 




It was NOT a solar eclipse but a sudden temperature inversion which caused the atmospheric refraction to reverse, causing the sun to dip below the horizon, and cause sudden darkness on the evening of the 13th day of the war.  

After beheading Jayadrata, his head was delivered to the lap of his father meditating thousands of miles away,  in the cruise missile drone mode.



Punch into google search THE MOON IS NOT HOLLOW OR MAN MADE VADAKAYIL

And if you wanna know what the amrit obtained by Samudra Manthan was all about,  punch into Google search OPENING YOUR THIRD EYE WITH NATURAL AMBROSIA  VADAKAYIL

This post is about the conch.


So what is the big deal about a pedestrian conch?

There is indeed a big deal!  Well what do you know. There are thousands of books and millions of posts on the conch--all bull.



For almost all Hindu gods had their own personalized conches, with own names. It was NOT the whistle of a football referee.

So listen up!



Conch is called Shankh is Sanskrit and Malayalam. 



The symbol of Kerala my home state is a conch.  



India is shaped like a conch.



Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.  



This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.  



The sound of the conch with its inherent 7.83 hertz can be heard by the ears and well as the human heart.  



The human ear can hear only frequencies greater than 20 hertz. 

The conch can sound at the fundamental frequency 7.83 hertz of OM , the Hindu king mantra.  OM opens up quantum tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the limiting factor.  


If you make the sound of OM in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic,  in that every bit of it contains all of it.  

The Hindu Sri Yantra divine geometry contains the Theory of Everything.  



The Sri Yantra was revealed to Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands in 8000 BC, and it construction is based on the golden mean of 1.618.   



 


The pyramids of Egypt was made using this golden mean of 1.618 and angle of  51 deg 49 minutes 38 seconds.  



The sign of Hindu king mantra OM is not a ordinary mortal inscription. 




When Om is chanted the proper way the inscription can been seen in the mind. 



786 the divine Islamic number is what you see when OM is seen as a reflection in the mirror. Christians say AMEN  a lifted version and Jews say SHALOM another lifted version, which does zilch good, as they do NOT even release Nitric oxide,  leave alone cause Quantum tunneling .

7.83 hertz  is also known at the Schumann’s resonance or the heart beat frequency of the earth.   The conch can also create harmonics of this 7.83 hertz, which can be heard by the human ear.


The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

How did Arabs translate Indian Math and science books?   Well the king from my hometown Calicut sold it to them for 24 carat gold nuggets.  

Punch into Google search MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD VADAKAYIL

Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance. 

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two). The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.

The Golden Ratio is thus a universal law in which is contained the ground-principle of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of nature art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual, organic or inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human form.

Wanna know about another Italian thief?  

His name was Marconi and he got himself the Nobel prize.  

Punch into Google search JAGADISH CHANDRA BOSE , NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL



The innards of the conch which creates the sound is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.  In Advaita philosophy , the original theory of Sanatana Dharma brahmAn is the supreme god.

The ancient Vedas written in 5000 BC tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field. 



The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point field energy..  



The Theory of Everything is incomplete without taking this field into consideration.  Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain intelligent  shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms.  



How a sperm grows into a amazing conscious human machine. 




Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.



An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force. What we call brahmAn or akasha is the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.   99.9999% of every atom is empty space. What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.9999 % empty space.





Matter exists because of this intelligent force which holds the spiraling electrons in its orbit--  for if it drops or rises one single orbit the matter changes into something totally different. This conscious intelligent field brahmAn decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  Electrons can change position instantly without taking time.

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. 

These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .



Large electron fields with very little matter in the center Brahman creates the world just as a spider creates it's webs out of itself. Morphic fields underlie the intelligent organization of proteins, cells, crystals, plants, animals, brains, and minds. Our consciousness creates our reality. 

What our consciousness can conceive , it can also create. The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ") gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.   



Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old

The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission.  Kirlean cameras can detect the Scalar field.  Our human aura is a scalar field created by the spiraling chakras.



"Prajnānam brahma”—  Brahman knows everything.  Upanishads 5000 BC.

The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field.  Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. 

Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.



When you blow a conch your body must be erect, as per the spirit level in the inner ear cochlea, to balance right and left brain lobes. The spiral in the inner ear also follows the Fibonacci series. 



Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAl.  Rest are all transverse. Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves.  



Which means a conch can create scalar waves.  The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM.

Reiki healing waves are scalar waves and they can travel through the earth at speeds faster than light. Before Jesus Christ burst on the scene at Jerusalem he was in Kerala learning scalar field healing.  Mobius coils of the human DNA can be resonated with pineal gland to create scalar waves.

The spiritual efficacy of the scalar sound of the conch is heard,  not by the ears but by the heart .  This  vibratory sound penetrates and stimulates every of the 100 trillion cells and the hormonal glands , thus speeding the chakras. 

Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 100 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body.  Nitric oxide is a gas that affects blood vessels.  It is a simple molecule, having two atoms - nitrogen and oxygen.  But it does an incredible array of things.  Our blood vessels make nitric oxide. 

For example, Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide. The Opiate drug Morphine , the addictive pain killer, works by an increase in Nitric Oxide release. Nitroglycerin and Amyl Nitrite tablets serve as vasodilators because they are converted to Nitric Oxide in the body, to ease angina pain ( heart pain ). 

Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce Nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria. Nitric Oxide is required for division and proliferation after DNA damage has been repaired


The shankha is the shell of a species of large predatory sea snail, Turbinella pyrum, which lives in the Indian Ocean.  It belongs very large sea snail with a gill and an operculum, a marine gastropod mollusk in the family Turbinellidae. 



The shell of this species is almost always right-handed,  vamavar , ( dextral ) , in its shell-coiling. This common dextral shankh shown above , is called Vishnu, the preserver god's shakh.

Rarely a left-handed shell is found , say one in approximately two lakh.( see below )  



Note: The shankh above is left handed , sinistral, and rare called the Dakshinavarti shankh.

In the Hindu religious context, the very rare left-handed (sinistral) shells of this species are known as Dakshinavarti shankh. Since this spiral does NOT follow the universal laws of nature, this is Lord Shiva , the destroyers' shankh.



The calcinated conch shell of Turbinella pyrum consists of calcium, and magnesium, as the the Ayurvedic exts of Charaka 4200 BC. The shell is porcelaneous , the surface of the shell is strong, hard, shiny, and somewhat translucent, like porcelain. 

The upper portion , the siphonal canal, is corkscrew-shaped, while the lower end ,the spire, is twisted and tapering.  A hole is drilled near the tip of the apex of the shankha. When air is blown through this hole, it travels through the whorls of the shankha, producing the shank sound.

In Hindu temples before and after a puja or arti the shank is blown.

The shankha is used to bathe images of deities, especially Vishnu, and for ritual purification. The Gulf of Kutch off Jamnagar, is one source of supply for big ritual conches.

Lord Shiva is also known as Shankara. 



In the Bollywood movie Devdas , the mother of Paro,  blows Shiva’s conch after taunting her neighbor , ( who rejected her beautiful daughter of lower family caste ) , with destruction.
********************************************************************
KUDAJADRI MOUNTAIN, CHITRAMOOLA CAVE, ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KODACHADRI SARVAJNANA  PEEDAM,  GANAPATI GUHA ,  MOOKAMBIKA TEMPLE,  SAUPARNIKA RIVER – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Three days ago, my wife suddenly expressed her desire to climb Kudajadri mountain.  It is a calling, you don’t make plans in advance.

So I told her to keep an alarm clock so that we can start off early the next day.

Now what is Kudajadri mountain?

This mountain is east of Mookambika temple at Kollur. Since the past 4000 years this mountain is very popular with people from Kerala, due to its association with a Malayali saint by the name of Adi Shankaracharya . 

He is probably the last person on this planet to have 12 strand DNA .  He mastered the Vedas by the age of 6. This shows he is a re-incarnation, as Vedas take a whole lifetime to master.



Kudajadri mountain is shaped like a pyramid.  I took some samples of rock while on the mountain , and I can tell you that it contains precious minerals.  

I will NOT disclose it here , as the next thing you know will be that our Italian Catholic Queen bee has leased out this mountain to some mining company owned by the Vatican Church.

If you think I am talking though my hat, punch into google search BAUXITE MINING , NAXAL MENACE VADAKAYIL. 

Here Vedanta mining  company,  who “lobbied” up all our politicians and media, is owned by the Church of England. 

On the way to the top of this mountain is a cave known as Ganapati guha.



Above: Ganapati cave . See the tunnel on the left hand side, which leads to Chitramoola cave as well as Mookambika Temple on the plains.

There is a tunnel in this cave which goes all the way to Mookambika temple, and also to Chitramoola cave, where Adi Shankaracharya meditated.

In the ancient days this tunnel was filled with water. This mountain with its metals and minerals with this strategic water filled tunnel causes the mountain peak to emit ORGONE life energy. 



The principle of the artificial pyramids in Egypt , built by Maharishis from Kerala is also  pretty much the same.  Orgone is associated with high concentration of negative ions. Underground living water is the accumulator of ground orgone. 

The peak of the mountain emits scalar waves. This is exactly where the Sarvajnana Peedam right on the apex of Kudajadri mountain is situated.

I am sure that this profound explanation will NOT be available in any book or Internet post on this planet.
While climbing this mountain, initially the going will be tough.  Later you just flow along.  

You can use a Kirlean camera and check out your own aura before you climb this mountain and after you get down sweating , with your legs aching . Seeing will be believing.  



This is the reason why even the Sapta rishis meditated on this mountain. This is the reason why the small rock structure on top the Sarvajnana peedam was built by Lord Parashurama in 4000 BC. Adi Shankaracharya just meditated here. He did not build it, he just meditated in it.


Also ignore the white Christian invaders version of Adi Shankaracharya , which is available on Wikipedia.  

If you look up MANU the first law maker of this planet, in Wikipedia they have ridiculed him and have quoted a DESH DROHI by the name of Amish Tripati,  a young immature foreign funded fiction story teller , who converted a god , Lord Shiva , into a recent mortal sex maniac  to belittle Hinduism-- to the glee of the Christian church.



Above : My wife and younger son at the peak --at the Sarvajnana peedam ( 4303 feet above sea level ) after a tiring trek.

This mineral and metal rich Kudajadri mountain in Karnataka is by miles more powerful that the Arunachala mountain in Tamil Nadu.

Just when we were about to climb up the mountain, in the evening, the last group coming down told us, that there is nobody on the mountain and we will be all alone. 

By the time we reached the top a cloud cover threatened us.  This and the knowledge that we are all alone on the huge mountain,  a few feet from a steep vertical fall , with darkness approaching , made our climb exhilarating.  


On the way down what my wife thought was a piece of black plastic , was a Cobra snake, and she was warned by my son not to kick it.. 



I have once got caught in a cloud cover on Table Mountain Capetown. We were stuck there for 4 hours. All the 6 people in our group got separated.  While standing we could not even see our own shoes.


Above: Table mountain of Capetown South Africa-- the cloud cover is called the table cloth


We first went to Kollur Mookabmika temple in our own car .  Outside the temple  baby elephant was busy blessing people in return for food and small change. The money the elephant gave the mahout. The food like bananas , it polished off.

How did a temple come up in such a desolate ( but beautiful ) spot.  It is on the banks of the perennial river Sauparnika.  It is considered  one of themost sacred spots in India , with lakhs of visitors every year. 



Statistics state that people have been cured of uncurable ailments . Childless couples usually come here. 
The temple has a gold plated crest and copper roofs ..

4000 year ago, Adi Shankaracharya meditated and did penace at Chitramoola cave and Devi appeared before him. He requested the Devi to come with him to Kerala. She agreed, on one condition, that she would follow him and he should never look back to check if she is following.

 It would be a test of faith over senses.

Adi Shankara agreed and started walking. He could hear the sound of the anklets bells of Devi as she walked behind him. When he reached Kollur , after a 40 mile walk,  suddenly the jingle sounds of Devi’s anklets stopped.



Adi Shankara became suspicious that Devi has stopped following Him. He turned to check out.  Devi was very much behind him, but, since the vow was broken, Devi said, “I will not follow you anymore.  I will stay here at this spot ”. 

That is the spot where Kollur Mookambika temple is today. Sankara was saddened by the turn of events and begged the forgiveness of the Devi whose heart melted for her devotee and promised that she would present herself at Chottanikkara temple in the mornings and he could meet her there.  



Only after the morning pooja is over at Chottanikkara will the temple doors of Mookambika be opened for Darshan and pooja since the Goddesshas to leave Chottanikkara for Mookambika.

The Goddess merged with a huge underground stone  of 42 kilometers radius , with its  apex visible, like an iceberg.


Adi Shankara made a powerful idol which is the replica of the image of Devi that he witnessed.  All the decorations are done on this idol, while all the offerings are done on the stone which has a golden lining in the middle.  

Right side of the Golden lining represents the trinity, Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva and left side represents, Goddesses Saraswati, Mahalakshmi, Durga and Kali. 



The temple has been patronised by ancient Hindu Kings and it isl believed to contain valuable treasures in underground vaults.



At the entrance of the temple stands a tall and grand Deepa Sthambha ( oil lamp pillar) with 21 concentric circles . The lamps are lighted on festive occasions like Navarathri and during the Rathotsava. ( chariot festival )


This Sthambha rests on a Koorma Peeta ( tortoise seat ) and on this tortoise is a huge elephant upon which Lord Ganapati idol can be seen facing Goddess Mookambika Devi. The lamps are lighted on special festive days.  


Ganapati is the son of Goddess Parvati, who is worshiped as Sri Mookambika.  The Mookambika Temple is the only temple that is dedicated to goddess Parvathi.  The goddess  is symbolized here as the four armed divine Mother whose upper left hand holds the conch while the right hand holds the scalar discus.  



 Lower left hand shows the mystic abhayamudra while the right hand expresses abheeshta-mudra. The former gives freedom from fear and the latter symbol promises fulfillment in life.

From Mookambika temple we hired a Mahindra jeep and travelled to Kudajadri . The usual nearest 40 kilometer route was under repair, so we had to take the second best route of 110 kilometers , which takes 3 hours.  


The last 45 minutes if a steep climb on a raw bumpy with plenty of hairpin bends.  This could hardly be called a motorable road.   But the driver drove like a possessed manic with his 2 wheel drive jeep bouncing and swaying, like a slow roller coaster.   

Sometimes the jeep tilted 40 degrees with all of us holding on for dear life.  At one hairpin bend he had to reverse as the bend could NOT be navigated in one go.  To be frank I never expected something like this. 



Literally my timbers got rattled nay shivered. After the driver took us up and down safely I gave him a handsome bonus. 

My respect for the humble Indian make Mahindra jeep went sky rocketing.  If this was what an old battered 2 wheel drive jeep could do, hey, what about a spanking new 4 wheel drive jeep? 



Above Moolasthana, where there is a perenial stone stepped pond full of fishes.

The jeep can only go up to the PWD rest house ( Moolasthana ) after which we have to climb about 1.9 kilometers on foot, to reach the apex of the mountain where Sarvajnana peedam or Sankara Peedam is situated.. 

At Moolasthana my wife gave offerings to the temple before we set out for the climb.  At Moolasthana Devi had killed the demon Mookasura, and you can see the 35 feet handle end of the metal trident spear sticking out.  


Indian scientists from NITK, Suratkal conducted a test on this spear  and found that it was made from traditional Indian metallurgical skills.  Nobody knows the composition of the alloy yet as the spear has NOT rusted despite being more than 4000 years old. 



But it appears to have an angstrom thin oxide veneer which passivates the spear exterior, with a protective patina armour.. Otherwise no metal spear can last this long considering the amount of rainfall this place gets.




The place where devi killed Mookasura is known as “Marana Katte”. The lore is as follows.

Long ago there was this fierce demon called Kaumasura , who terrorized all and sundry. So much that mountain of  Kodachadri became the hiding place for all the gods . Soon the Saptarishis were engaged in prayers and poojas to bring about the end of evil demon Kaumasura. 

Guru Shukracharya enlightens the demon about his impending death at the hands of a woman.  Learning this, Kaumasura performs an austere penance to please Lord Shiva. .



Pretty soon the lord pleased with the demon's  prayers, appeared before him and asked him to name the boon that he wishes.  Vagdevi, the Goddess of speech senses that this could lead to a great disaster . So she takes away his power of speech.. 

The dumb Kaumasura then becomes unable to verbalise his wishes and then onwards he was called Mookasura.  Mookam means dumb in Sanskrit and Malayalam. 



Soon after, on the request of Kola Rishi, the goddess creates a mystical power by harnessing the individual powers of all the gods who had assembled.  This Divine power wages war on Mookasura and kills him with a trident . The place where Devi killed Mookasura is known as "Marana Katte".

However, just before he died, Mookasura repented his misdeeds and, in humble supplication, begged the Mother Goddess permit him to stay permanently in Kollur.  He also asked that his name be remembered along with hers henceforth.  It is thus that the deity here is known as Mookambika, the mother of Mooka.

That is why the temple Goddess is worshipped as Sri Saraswathi in the morning , as Sri Lakshmi at noon and Sri Durga in the evening.  Parents take their young children for writing their first letters and for Goddess Saraswati’s  ( Goddess of learning ) blessings .



From Moolasthana it takes more than one hour to trek 1.8  kilometers, literally an uphill task, and reach the top of Kudajadri mountain where the Sarvajnana peedam or Sankarapeedam is situated.. Sarvajnapeetam is a rock structure holds only one idol, that of Adi Shankaracharya in black stone.

It is at this Sarvajna Peetam ( wholesome wisdom ) , where Adi Shakracharya received the ultimate knowledge and dissolved into the universe . The roof from inside has various yantras and chakras carved and whole structure forms a Meru.  



On a cloudless day, if you look westwards at sunset you can get to see the Arabian Sea. The king cobra, python, tiger, leopard, Indian gaur and a variety of birds, including the Malabar pied hornbill, inhabit these forest .  The sides of the mountain drop almost vertically to the impenetrable jungles of Ambavana. .

Enroute to the top is the Ganapathy cave, by taking a small diversion..  There is a Ganapati idol in this cave and a tunnel which leads to Mookambika temple at Kollur and also to Chitra moola cave.



From the peak by a steep treacherous path of 500 metres descent leads to a small cave called Chitramoola, with a creek and clean and clear water falls , from where the Mookambika temple of Kollur is visible. You reach a cave at a height of 10 meters., which has to be climbed by means of a vertical ladder.



Chitramoola , one of the most beautiful places of the mountains of Kodachadri and is the spot where Sri Adi Shankara meditated .  This is the place where Goddess Mookambika appeared before Shankaracharya . There is a Shivalingam in the cave.  



All love to take a shower here in the cool falling waters, which washes off the fatigue . In the rainy season be careful of leeches, and it is better to take some powdered salt along.



The trip is worth it.  It gives you a good feeling.  

You are convinced that your body and lungs are still healthy and fit.  HEALTH IS WEALTH !!
********************************************************************
PYAASA, HINDI MOVIE REVIEW OF 1957- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PYAASA,  A CLASSIC HINDI MOVIE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




First copy and past this link below on Google and watch the Hindi movie on Youtube with English subtitles.

You will NOT be disappointed.


www.youtube.com/movie/pyaasa


I was reminded of this movie today . After my haircut, the barber offered me a head massage. And then he started singing the immortal song of Johnny Walker . This song is recently lifted by BUPA for a commercial advertisement.





Here is the story line in advance.

Vijay is considered a loser by society.   He is a fine poet who thirsts for recognition and fame. His poems are rejected by all publishers, as they are too stark and full of melancholy.  

His brothers torment him as he cannot bring bread on the table.  They sell his collection of poems for the worth of the scrap paper it is written on. 

His college girlfriend, Meena , though in love with him,  is materialistic and marries a rich publisher for financial security,  breaking Vijay’s heart.

Vijay realizes that this materialistic world  is only for  selfish and opportunistic people.  

Once at an old alumni meet at his college he runs into his old love Meena.  Her rich husband Ghosh gets the gut feeling that his wife is in love with her classmate poet Vijay.  





Ghosh hires Vijay to dig out the possibly sordid past of his wife Meena.



In this world of selfish people, a golden hearted whore, Gullabo is Vijay’s only well-wisher .  She chances upon the papers of Vijay’s poems which his brothers disposed off a scrap.  She appreciates his stirring poetry and falls in love with him.

When Vijay learns of his mother’s death he reaches his threshold limit of his tolerance.  In a bout of alcohol powered depression he decides to commit suicide on the train tracks.   

On the way he sees a beggar shivering in the cold .  He gives him his coat and proceeds.  The beggar follows him but his foot gets caught in the tracks, with a train rushing in.  Vijay attempts to save him,  but is unable.

The beggar is killed, but his face and body is badly disfigured.  His coat and  note in the pocket causes people to believe that it was Vijay who committed suicide.

Gulabo goes to Ghosh and gets Vijay’s poems published, by giving up her wealth.  Ghosh does so feeling he can exploit the poems of a dead poet and make a financial killing out of people’s sentiments.  



The poems are a roaring success and  rake in moolah.   The greedy publisher soon learns that Vijay is still alive but in a coma in the hospital.  


When Vijay resurrects from the dead, the people who make money out of his work would rather not see him alive.  He is dismissed as a imposter, and humiliated.


They declare him mad, by bribing all and sundry . They  lock him up in a mental asylum, for claiming he the author of his own book..  



All conveniently maintain that Vijay is dead and this includes his own bribed up brothers who are still claiming royalty.  Vijay with the help of his friend Abdul Sattar escapes from the mental asylum and reaches the hall where a huge congregation is gathered to pay tribute to his works.  



He denounces this corrupt and materialistic world in a final recitation.  He declares that he is not Vijay and walks away with Gullabo, in a dramatic finish.

Here is the old alumni meet song lyrics-- poignant indeed!


Jaane Woh Kaise Log The Jinke Pyar Ko Pyar Mila
Humne To Jab Kaliyaan Maangi Kaaton Ka Haar Mila

( I wonder how many people exist who have received love in return for their love.
Whenever  I asked for flowers, I always received a garland of thorns )

Khushiyon Ki manzil Dhoondhi tho Gham Ki Gard Mili
Chaahat Ke nagme Chaahe tho Aahe Sard Mili
Dil Ke Bhoj Ko Dugna Kar Gaya Jo Gham haar mila
Humne To Jab Kaliyaan Maangi Kaanton Ka Haar Mila ..

( I have searched for happiness and found sorrow
I wanted moments of passion and received only pain
The weight in my heart has been doubled, I have faced such a plaintive defeat
When I asked for flowers, I received a garland of thorns .. )

Bichhad Gayaa Har Saathi Dekar Pal Do Pal Ka Saath
Kisko Phursat Hai Jo Thaame Deewanon Ka Haath
Humko Apna Saaya Tak Aqsar Bezaar Mila
Humne To Jab Kaliyaan Maangi, Kaanton Ka Haar Mila ..

(Every friend has deserted  me after giving me company for a few moments
Who has the time to comfort a jilted lover ?
Even my shadow seems apathetic to my sorry state
When I asked for flowers, I received a garland of thorns .. )

Isko Hi Jeena Kehte Hain To Yunhi Ji Lenge
Uf Na Karenge Lab See Lenge Aansoo Pee Lenge
Gham Se Ab Ghabraana Kaisa Gham Sau Baar Mila
Humne To Jab...

( If this is what they call living, then I will live like this
I won't sigh, my lips are sealed, I will swallow my tears
I don’t care for  sorrow, I experienced it hundreds of times
When I asked for flowers, I only received a garland of thorns .. )


This is why you should NOT take your spouses for any old alumni meet.

Want to read about my last old alumni meet?

Punch into Google search OLD ALUMNI MEET.

If you don’t see my mushy post on page ONE among 30 million posts , then punch in—

OLD ALUMNI MEET VADAKAYIL.

Find out what nostalgia is all about.


Pyaasa is a dark detour in a man’s mind, into one of his biggest phobias – the fear of rejection.

How rejection can destroy and debilitate a genuis and turn him into a puppet of fate.  

Have you not seen strong confident day men turn weak ,wimpy and vulnerable on even losing their jobs or their wife running away with another man? .

So what run away thoughts does this movie Pyaasa stoke in my mann mandir?  



Let me see-

the resemblance of the real life failed affair of poet Sahir Ludhianvi with poetess Amrita Pritam, which is probably the reason why the lyrics of Pyaasa songs evoke naked and intense passion --- 

the amazing music of SD Burman and inimitable songs of Mohammed Rafi and Hemant Kumar—meaningful songs that are apt to the situation  ( unlike the ridiculous BEAT IT - BEAT IT or BABE , BABE songs you hear ) – the film unit was attacked in a Calcutta red light area by pimps, and hence forced to do the scenes with Gulabo in a studio – 

the virgin freshness of actress Waheeda Rehman  — real life words told to dialogue writer Abrar Alvi in a brothel  “ it is the first time that I have been treated with respect, in a place where you hear only abuses” — that the Malayalam movie Kavyamela is based on Pyaasa, where the poet is blind – that even fallen whores have a noble gene and are good listeners--

the bitterness of a poet whose priceless works gets rejected by publishers --  the despair of a poet whose entire life’s work was sold as scrap paper by his own brothers to cruelly taunt him as a loser , which tears his world apart and kicks him out of his comfort zone  – the grief when the poet tries retrieving his poetry sheets from the ’Raddiwaala’ ( scrap seller ) ,  and the latter tells him that they had been bought by a strange lady --   

Vijay’s  inner traumas, agony and frustrations -- the credibility in society of an alcoholic disheveled man roaming the streets , mired  in self pity— the way budding poet Vijay pisses off  Meena while daydreaming of her,  when she is sitting right there next to him in flesh and blood --  the anguish of a sensitive man who has lost his love -- a tortured soul accusing his ex- flame of selling bartering love for comfort and financial security --  

oozing wounds of betrayal -- a rich husband calling his wife a whore resenting her past affair –  the jealous sadistic employer husband treating his clerk ( wife’s past lover) worse than  dirt and firing him when he is done with him – the simmering hatred and jealousy undercurrents portrayed so effortlessly by the rich publisher Rehman— the surprise of a poet when he hears his lost poem being sung by an unknown woman--



a beautiful whore gulabo mocking a sensitive Vijay for having nothing to offer, if you know what I mean —  platonic love between a  poet on the path of self destruction and a young whore -- the brief light moments provided by Johnny Walker in an otherwise mind numbing movie — how loyalties get bought and sold for money like fish in a market place – selfish and ego laden thought processes that guide human value systems--

immoral and vulgar lunges for short term success — how songs are natural and seamless extensions of movie dialogue — how Vijay speaks more with his silence than his words — how material success comes after death riding the crest of a sympathy wave in a vested world – the compassion of a man who is about to commit suicide , taking off his warm coat for a shivering tramp  -- 

a whore pooling her entire life’s earnings to get a dead poet’s handwritten work published as a posthumous book “Parchhaiyaan"  to calm her inner conscience --  how enemies when alive suddenly become friends and relatives in death for material “necrophilia” spoils – the heartache when friends and family refuse to identify Vijay – 

how Vijay finally rejects the recognition he was THIRSTY for all his life , scalded to the soul by the hypocrisy of his family and friends.



The scene where Meena tries to prove her point of view to Vijay , a  male-female confrontation, is impressive.  The final shocking climax just jerks you out of your indifferent slumber—

Pyaasa sees some of Sahir’s best work, ’ Yeh mehlon, yeh thakhton… ’ when Vijay returns from the mental asylum , to attend his own death anniversary and tribute to his works.



Check out the English translation of this poignant song which is surcharged with feelings of contempt .



This world, of palaces,  thrones, and crowns
This world, of despots, of clans
This world, of greed, of autocrats
This world, what can be gained by having it?

Each body is wounded, every soul is thirsting
Despair in all eyes, sadness in the hearts
Is this really the world or the rule of the diabloical?
This world, what can be proved by having it?

Here, a man’s existence can be toyed with
Here, are the colonies of murderers
Here, death comes cheaper than life
This world, what can be had by having it?

Here, youth stumbles like a social abomination
Here, young bodies are decked for sale in the bazaar
Here, love is transacted as in barter and trade
This world, what can be gained by having it?

This world, where man has no value
Where loyalty is not expected, friends mean nothing
Here, love neither deserves nor demands respect
This world, what can be achieved by having it?

Burn this perversion, demolish this tyranny
Remove it from my sight, this despondency
To you it belongs and you alone can keep the world
This world, what can be made by having it?




At the end of the movie when the audience troops out of the cinema hall , you don’t get to see a single forehead which is not creased in heart aching introspection .  The last song “ Jaane Woh Kaise Log The”  just reverberates in their minds.

When you see the movie again, new thought flow through your mind as you have fresh interpretations,  you read more in the silence between dialogues,  you see more symbolism in the deep shadows, revealing that this masterpiece in indeed multilayered and for thinkers , not mindless bumpkins.

Here is the timeless story of a one person’s search for his own identity in society and losing his very recognition in process.

Pyaasa means “Thirsty One”.  Its title is a bit ambiguous and you can ping it the way you infer. 



Who is the thirsty one? 

The one for love? 
The one for a relationship?
The one for wealth?
The one for appreciation?  

Johnny Walker as Abdul Sattar ( the happy go lucky Tel MalishWala ) provides the much-required comic relief.  Without him, this movie could have been 2 hours of intense heartache . Every actor and actress live their roles— and this cannot be gauged by reading English subtitles..



This movie’s theme  transcends time and is still relevant 56 years later.  Will merit, talent , hardwork, honesty, sincerity, compassion really help in this decadent, corrupt, street smart modern winners’ world?
  
Check out how myths get shattered !

The scene where he tries his best to prove his identity to his own people and fails is one of the best in cinematic history.  What touches a raw nerve is the scene where he has the selfish world at his feet and simply chooses to renounce it, on his own terms . This is the same society who sold fake inferior poems in his name, thinking he is dead, and hence were not happy to see him alive.

Pyaasa’s climax is considered as a classic masterstroke.  Indian movies are known for it’s escapist ending, catering to happy dreams, NOT gruesome reality.

Does any human being cry , other than for selfishness?  

Is there a quest in every human being to feel wanted by society ?  

Does a man feel good when he self destructs on his own terms?  

Is it possible to wake up a man who is pretending to sleep ?

Does money govern everything in modern life?

Is there anything worse in life than being declared mad for claiming to be yourself?

Not many people know that the director, Guru Dutt ( Vijay the actor ) , committed suicide seven years after the release of Pyaasa.


THIS MOVIE WHICH SWAM UPSTREAM , IS A MUST SEE.   

ONLY PROFOUND THINKERS CAN GET TO THE ONION LAYERED CORE.

I PREDICT THAT THIS MOVIE WILL RESURFACE AND TAKE ITS RIGHTFUL POSITION AHEAD OF INTERNATIONALY ACCLAIMED  MASTERPIECES  ( INFLATED BY LOBBIED UP CRITICS AND MEDIA ) .   

-- SO SAYS CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.



Grace and peace! ( note: it is OM shanti -- NOT om shande )
********************************************************************
KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

KODUNGALLUR BHAGAVATY,  BHARANI THERI PATTU,  KANNAKI, MANGALADEVI TEMPLE THEKKADY,  VELICHAPPAD,  ORACLES IN TRANCE, SELF FLAGELLATION,  MUZRIS, CRANGANORE,  LORD PARASHURAMA,  ADI SHANKARACHARYA VEDIC UNIVERSITY,  EVR PERIYAR ,  CHERAMAN MASJID,  ST THOMAS CHURCH – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



First things first.

At the Kodungallur Bharani Festival the devotees sing vulgar songs of sexual innuendo.  The whole world wonders how this can be done in an Indian temple.

Let me tell you something very categorically. This immoral mischief was injected by the White Christian invader, in connivance with Tamil Iyer stooges and rationalist cum Hindu hater Tamilain EVR Periyar-- staring just two centuries ago.  

It was all about showing Hinduism in bad light, to encourage conversions.   Kodungallur temple was a sacred and solemn Vedic University set up by a re-incarnation Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC, who mastered the Vedas at the age of 6.  

Kodungallur , called Cranganore was the cultural centre of the king of Calicut. The enormous riches in the underground vaults of this ancient temple consecrated by Lord Parashurama 6000 years ago, was ransacked by Tipu Sultan 223 years ago. 

The Portuguese snatched away Kodungallur from the Calicut king. The town of Kodungallur was almost completely destroyed by the Portuguese ( Suarez de Menezes ) on 1 September 1504.  In 1662, the Dutch drove away the  Portuguese.  In 1789 Tipu took control of the Kodungallur fort and renamed it Tipu Sultan fort.  

This is when the gold kodimaram , ( the flag staff  ) went missing. And this is the flag staff the Devi wants back desperately, with foul and vulgar sexual connotations. 

Its golden Kodimaram ( temple flag post ) was stolen and the Nandi bull was smashed. The priests managed to hide the smaller idols. After the owner of British East India company Jew Rothschild, swiped away Tipu Sultan's gold ( all from Kerala temples ) the British locked the vaults -- these vaults are still locked , with a curse attached to opening the vaults ever again . 

They even gave dished out a propaganda that Kannaki's dead body is inside the vaults. You can see Kannaki's statue at Marina beach Chennai. They even went ahead and said Kannaki is Goddess Bhagawati herself.  Chief Minsiter Jayalalita dismantled this statue ( below ),  Karunanidi promptly put it back when he came to power.




Today this is the only Shiva temple in Kerala without a Kodimaram and a black stone Nandi bull.



Skeptics consider this--

Indians were proud of our Vedas till the Christian white man deleted our glorious history and made us believe that they wrote our Vedas , after invading India as Aryans , a lie of the first order.  This has been proved by DNA tests .

But even today in an IAS ( Indian Administrative service ) competitive exam,  they have to write that blonde and blue eyed invader aryans who drove the Dravidians south, wrote the Vedas , or he will fail.  The ridiculous part is that Indian Druhus ( druids ) made the British Stonehenge, which they are so proud about - and they know it too..

Punch into Google search MYSTERY OF STONEHENGE SOLVED VADAKAYIL

Rig Veda was written in 5000 BC. Everything has been post  dated to be congruent with the ridiculous Big Bang date as per Bible in 4004 BC.



Did the Christian invader who enslaved us , really leave India in 1947, as we claim ?  Or are they still ruling us by proxy using Indian DESH DROHI fronts.

Let me put a video of one of the main songs sung during this festival at Kodungallur Bhavaty temple during the Bharani festival.  



Children below 18 and women please skip this video. The song is explicit in the way the diety Goddess must be fu#ked , with repulsive nauseating bestiality woven in-- all this makes you sick to the gills.  

The innuendo is about the Goddess requiring a enormous FLAG STAFF inside her-- it is a taunt about the missing golden Kodimaram .



Kodungallur ( called Muzris by Greeks ) has the most chequered history in the ancient world. 

It is by no coincidence that this place with amazing positive vibes, hosted the second church and second mosque on this planet .  

Below: Cheraman Mosque--still the old Hindu temple converted on Calicut King's orders.. The wood has been carbon dated . The lamp is ancient and priceless.



The Jewish  Synagogue built during the times of King Solomon 3000 years ago, was shifted from Kodungallur to Cochin – it is still there.

Below : A modern re-built St Thomas church.




Below:  The Jewish synagogue at Cochin.  All these ungrateful Jews have gone to Israel after staying in Kerala for more than 2000 years.



                 Punch into google search BRAHMA AND SARAWATI, ABRAHAM AND SARA VADAKAYIL

Salman Khurshid and the waitress turned empress , has tried their best to establish Tipu Sultan as a freedom fighter and a national hero. They even held his play in the Rashtrapati Bhavan when Puran Poli --nay--Pratibha Patil was President.

Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

So who is this Kannaki which the Tamilian atheist and rationalists have forced down Kerala culture throat with the white Christian invaders help?

Well at the time of the Bharani festival you can see Kannaki eating joints , with name board in Tamil in the vicinity of the temple.   And if you go in they are all speaking Tamil — all dregs of Tamilan society—lowest of the labour class,  busy sexually abusing Kannaki and Kovilan .

Next year I suggest, you go into the temple and take a census of the percentage of Tamils—innocent souls immersed in faith— sent there by atheists  ( like British stooge EVR Periyar ) because of a Kannaki connection .  

By the way try taking a census at Sabarimala next year , and you will see that Telugu, Kannada and Tamilian percentages added together is a huge majority— the Malayali is in minority there.

Why do the oppressed and "hard to survive" souls come to Kodungallur Bharani festival?

Because CATHARSIS works.

On my ships I do the same thing.

I call it mediation by the back door.  I allow my crew catharsis .  I hold wild parties, where nothing is taboo.

When I go down to the crew’s lounge I leave my stripes in my cabin.  During the Baharani festival the upper castes and even attractive lower caste women do NOT go . But on my ship attendance is compulsory. 

 On a normal day my crew would get an electric shock by induction arc if they come within a radius of 5 feet of me.

I tell my officers, if you can’t bond with your crew in times of peace , there is no way you can have any bonding when there is total disaster like an explosion, or flooding or whatever.

Punch into Google search MELTING EGO, MEDITATION VIA BACK DOOR VADAKAYIL

 – where I have put up a couple of videos and pictures of my wild ship’s parties.  There is a method to this madness.  If women ( wives ) are present , no bad words or vulgarity--I keep a hawk's eye.  

Dont miss this post. 




Social engineering is going on.  My shipboard parties are great levelers.  Paradox:- Have you ever noticed that even a hospital is a great leveler, never mind the delux class single rooms. ?


Lord Parasurama the patron warrior saint and the sixth avatar of Vishnu .  Lord Parasurama established 64 Shiva temples, 64 Vishnu temples and 64 Devi temples in Kerala 6000 years ago. 

Out of the 64 Devi temples four of them are most important situated in the four directions such that in the east at Palakkad 'Hemambika',  in the west at Kodungallur 'Lokambika' ,  in the north at Kollur 'Mookambika' and in the south at Kanya Kumari 'Balambika'.  

Out of these four Kanyakumari  (Balambika)  and Kollur (Mookambika) are not in Kerala at present due to foreign invader caused political map and vernacular changes.

Out of the two remaining temples prime importance is given to Kodungallur Devi Temple as this place has amazing vibes, and it is easy for oracles or velichappads to go into a trance, and become a channel..  Velichappad means a "channel who sheds light"  

Lord Parasurama also consecrated the Devi idol and started the Bharani day festival as per wishes of the Devi.

There is a sanctum which is made up of stone and closed all sides except a door which is also closed from inside.  Nobody knows how this happened .   

What we do know in our records is that inside that cellar is the Sri Yantra  consecrated by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC and hence the power of this temple .  Adi Shankaracharya has also consecrated a Sri Yantra at Mookambika Temple in Kollur.

In Bhagavathi Temple of Kodungallur , the main idol is of Lord Shiva which is consecrated facing east in the Sreekovil. 

The other subordinate deities mentioned above are installed according to the rites and prescriptions of a usual Siva temple.


Lord Shiva has been neglected in Kodungallur during the Muslim and Christian rule, and since independence Recently we had an IT tribunal ruling that Hinduism is NOT a religion at all.  After all there was second  church and mosque of this planet is competing with Hinduism in Kodungallur .

Check out the neglected condition of the Shiva lingam in Raveeswarapuram Siva Temple in the heart of Kodungallur.  



The communist atheist government and the Congress governments propped up by Christians and Muslims do NOT care for Hinduism. 

Doing propaganda for most foul and vulgar songs SURCHARGED WITH ANIMALS HAVING INTERCOURSE with the Hindu Goddess Devi is what is tom tommed by the Christian and Jew monopolized press-- 

-- according to them THIS IS HINDUISM.

They keep giving rosy pictures of foreign lands Mecca , Jerusalem and Vatican.  Dr Zakir Naik --a Muslim Indian,  keeps telling lies about our Vedas and keeps praising books in Arabic written in Saudi Arabia.  

Who is EVR Periar?

He was an atheist who was cultivated by Rothschild and the white Christian invader like how they cultivated BR Ambedkar.

Both BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar had written in their books and magazines dozens of times of various occasions that the British rule is better than self rule. Both of them did NOT spend a minute fighting for India’s freedom.  Yet we worship their statues.

Foreign funded and Rothchild controlled CNN IBN, recently had a fake poll in which BE Ambedkar is the most valuable Indian .  EVR Periar’s statues are erectec all over Tamil Nadu.

Punch into Google search CNN IBN POLL, GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL.

Periyar started each of his public by categorically asserting the non-existence of god.  He did not believe in the existence of soul.  

He was also vehemently opposed to Hinduism and Islam. He never ever criticized Christianity, the  reason why there are so many Tamil Christian converts.

Periyar dead against Sanskrit and Hindi as a national bonding language. He favored Tamil language and a separate nation for Tamils.  You can do some research yourself and check out how the British bore the expenses for EVR Periyar to visit all foreign countries like Malaysia, Singapore etc with a  Tamil diaspora , to brainwash them against Hindusim.

In 1949, sixteen years after the death of his first wife, Periyar married his 28 years old secretary, Annaiyar Maniyammai.  Periyar was 70 years old at that time. His marriage led to a split in Dravidar Kazhagam (DK) and some of Periyar’s followers led by C.N. Annadurai (1909-1969) formed a separate organization called Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK).  

Maniyammai had been Periyar’s secretary for about six years before he married her.



In his later life, he used to start his public meetings by categorically asserting the non-existence of god:
There is no god.
There is no god at all.
He who created god was a fool.
He who propagates god is a scoundrel.
He who worships god is a barbarian. ( so we have barbarians in Barani festival at Kodungallur , right)

Even Periyar’s last speech, delivered in Chennai (Madras) on 19 December 1973, began exactly like that. The speech has been printed by the Dravidar Kazhagam Publications, with the title Periyar’s Declaration of War on Brahminism.  

In this speech, Periyar has also enumerated the main principles of the Self-Respect Movement: 
 God must be abolished.
 Religion must be abolished.

As an atheist, Periyar firmly states that the belief in God or gods is “detrimental to the welfare of the society.”  
in 1953 in order to discourage idol-worship, Periyar led a statewide campaign to break the idols of Ganesh at public places . 

According to Periyar, it is important for the youth of India to know the injustice and cruelty embodied in the Manu's Code, so that they can exert themselves to get rid of its evil influences. He ran down Manu, and gave propaganda the way the Christian invader wanted it, to do “divide and rule”.

Just Google MANU WIKIPEDIA, and you can see that they are treating a young immature writer, Amish Tripati ( or Shiva Trilogy series ) as a learned historian.  In these books he has converted Lord Shiva into a sex starved mortal , and this makes big brother very happy. 


If you wanna know who Manu is punch into Google search MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER VADAKAYIL

In India for a poor man God and family help him maintain his sanity, with HOPE.

EV Ramasami Pariyar was buried and NOT cremated at Periyar Thidal on 25 December in a  wooden coffin , with plenty of Christians in attendance . 

He was NOT a Muslim, to be buried-- all know that. EVR Periyar had told his people several times to convert to Christianity.

Now, who is Kannaki who is throwing her anklets in the statue above ?--  who has been catapulted to Kodungallur, by enemies of Hinduism ?

Before I get to Kodungallur, let me go to the 6000 year old Managala Devi Temple of Thekkady, on top of the Western Ghats of Kerala. 




This temple is dedicated to Goddess Parvati, wife of Lord Shiva.. This temple too is consecrated by Lord Parashurama .

Mangalore’s real name is  Mangala Puram.   There is an ancient temple dediated to Magaladevi there too.

The white Christian invader has given away this Mangaladevi temple at Thekkady too,  to our dear Kannaki.

Below: This temple is so strongly built that you cannot destroy it by man power--you need explosives.



By the way EVR Periyar used to openly abuse Kannagi and questioned why she should be a symbol of the ideal woman— even asking why only women should be chaste. 

TEE HEEEE, I guess he has a point there

Beware of Tamilian lore printed by the Christian missionaries press in Tamil.  They are all fudged in a ridiculous manner and injected with poison, to belittle Hinduism .



This amazing rock temple at Thekkady with Kerala style architecture is situated high on the Western Ghats at a height of 4500 feet , has an underground natural water filled tunnel all the way to Madurai Meenakshi temple.  



Visitors are allowed here only on the Chithra Pournami festival day . 




This temple too was destroyed by Tipu Sultan in search of gold .  



The clear water source of Meenakshi Temple Portramaraikulam tank , ( the temple with 1000 pillars ) is from this tunnel . 



The Meenakshi temple tank is 165 by 120 ft and the same  tunnel also is said to connect to the Thirumalai Nayak Palace.


From the peak of the temple at Thekkady you can see several  villages of Tamil Nadu on a clear day. 



This forest mountain top temple is in the dense tiger infested reserve of Periyar.



Ilamkovadigal's  Tamil work is Silapathikaram,  whose date of composition is uncertain , but is placed by the British as ninth century AD.  In this book he tells a story. ( Very soon the story of desh drohi Amish Tripati about Lord Shiva will be misused this away ).

Kovalan was the son of a merchant in Kaveripattinam, married Kannaki, a young woman .  They lived together in the city of Kaveripattinam, until Kovalan met the attractive dancer Madhavi and fell in love with her. He neglected his wife Kannaki and soon squandered all his wealth on the dancer.  

Pretty soon he became a pauper, and Madhavi gave him the cold shoulder.  Kovalan conveniently returned to Kannaki.  Her only asset was a costly pair of anklets ( chilambu—hence the name of the epic ),  encrusted with precious stones.  Kannaki  gave it to her husband so that he can have a fresh start as a merchant, using this as capital.

They soon went to the great city of Madurai, where Kovalan hoped to recoup his fortunes by trade. The city of Madurai was ruled by the Pandya king Nedunj Cheliyan I.   His queen lost her anklet, stolen by a courtier.
This anklet which Kovilan was trying to sell in the market place looked very similar to the queens lost anklet.
The only difference was that Kannagi's were filled with rubies and the queen's filled with pearls, but this was not a visible fact.  

Kovilan was arrested and  beheaded by the King's guards, without trial. When Kannaki was informed of this, she became furious, and set out to prove her husband's innocence to the king. Kannagi came to the king's court,  broke open the anklet seized from Kovalan and showed that it contained rubies, as opposed to the queen's anklets which contained pearls.  



Realizing their fault, the King and the Queen died of remorse.  Unsatisfied, Kannagi tore out her left breast and flung it on the city,  uttering a curse that the entire city be burnt .  Due to her utmost chastity, her curse became a reality.

The city was set ablaze resulting in huge human and economic losses. However, after the request from the Goddess of the city, she withdrew her curse and later, attained salvation. The story was narrated by the poet Ilango Adigal. An ironic, fact about this epic is that it portrays Madhavi,  Kovalan's mistress , as an equally chaste woman.  Manimekalai, another ancient Tamil epic, is written in praise of Madhavi.

Kannaki is worshiped as goddess Kannaki Amman by the Sri Lankan Tamil Hindus.  She has been palmed off to Kerala using Christian missionary printers as Kodungallur Bhagavathy –where she is named Godess of single breast ( otta mulaichi )—what a sick joke!

A statue of Kannagi in anger holding her anklet in one hand demanding justice from the king, Pandiyan on the death of her husband Kovalan , is an important landmark in Chennai, on the famed Marina Beach, since 1968. I t was removed during the regime of  chief minister J.Jayalalithaa.  

The media was rife with reports of a mystic astrologer’s  counsel to Jayalalithaa advising her that as long as the statue of Kannagi in the posture of demanding justice stood there, she would have difficulty maintaining her office through the elected term. 

So our atheist man M. Karunanidhi to spite her got it re-installed on 3rd June 2001, and was feeling like the cat who swallowed all the cream..


The Supreme court of India has banned vulgar songs at Kodungallur temple.  Kerala police also do NOT allow it.   But foreign Christian missionary funded human rights activist NGOs have been crying hoarse about “depriving human rights “ of lower castes.  

Christian held media also keep doing propaganda about “freedom to express” being snatch away.   Tamil rationalists groups are involved in encouraging these songs , just to show Hinduism is full of base sex shit.   



Is this not what atheist Amish Tripati who is being quoted by Wikipedia as the expert of Hindusim doing.  Who is sponsoring his Shiva Trilogy series , where Shiva is a sex starved man?  Why has he been paid 5 crores for his next book recently, making him the highest paid writer in India?  



Every foreign funded TV channel and Indian media is feting and praising him.  TV anchor Arnab Goswami of Timesnow TV, while self conferring the trophy of India’s No 1 DESH BHAKT on himself, even took an autographed copy from Amish Tripati— of the book where a God is converted to a recent sex starved man. 

Is this the meaning of secularism, where you are allowed to denigrate Hindu gods ONLY ? A lot of celebrities go to these functions, so that they can get an invite to a Western cocktail dinner--and may be a Magsaysay award , for sustaining freedom of speech. 

IF HINDUS RETALIATE AND GIVE BACK AS GOOD AS WHAT THEY GOT , IT BECOMES HATE SPEECH AND SAFFRON TERRORISM.



We have white Indophiles like Belgian writer Koenraad elst --, wolves in sheep’s clothing really-- giving expert comments on Hinduism , and these CRACKPOT white men are the ones being quoted by Wikipedia as experts on  Indian culture and history. Recently he wrote that India lifted Astrology from Greeks .

Can any Hindu go to Mecca and start singing such vulgar and perverted bestiality songs about Allah?  --they will just be beheaded the same day, OK!.

Or ditto at Vatican  or Lourdes ?



Enough of this Kannaki who ripped out her own left breast and roasted to death hundreds of thousands of Madurai city denizens. We dont have one breasted devi idols in Kodungallur Devi temple nor do we want her. 

No Hindu goddess will kill innocent people.


The real highlight of the Kodungallur Bharani festival is the largest congregation of oracles (Vellichapads) on the Kavu Theendal day.  

A Velichapapd , acts as a mediator between deity and the devotee.



Dressed in red, hair untied,  brandishing ceremonial swords, wearing heavy anklets ,waists adorned with aramani ( string of small bells ) and chilanka on feet both men and women Velichappads with their ebony bodies shining in sweat and yellow turmeric, create an electrically surcharged atmosphere. 

These velichappadus drive themselves into a frenzy and they draw blood by a shocking act of self flagellation by slashing their own foreheads, at a very sensitive spot.  There are in a state of spiritual ecstasy.
The sight of spurting arterial blood make some people faint.  

Velichappad in a trance do NOT feel the pain. You will notice that 1 out of every 3 Velichappads here are fake, as they feel the pain. These oracles are a dying breed due to modern education and lack of belief.


A Velichappad draws on the infinite energy source via Schumann Resonance of 7.83 hertz, the same frequecny as OM. When left and right brain lobes are in balance Alpha waves are generated, which resonate in sympathy with Schumann frequency of 7.83 Hz.. 

Aether ( akasha ) is the source of all intelligence in the universe. It makes up the force field.  It is the life force that sustains all the atoms and molecules in the universe. We hardly ever think of the empty space (BrahmAn) where the electrons buzz around.  99.999% of the atom is empty space. 

Electrons pelt around the nucleus at tremendous speeds , without slowing down or falling into a lower orbit or flying off at a tangent ,  because they tap into quantum fluctuations in empty space -- I remember asking my physics teacher about this , when i was 13 years old-- and he got terribly upset with me, for asking a bad question.  




Good questions are the ones, he knows the answers TEE HEEEE !

When you die the soul lives on in a afterlife in the higher planes. We sense the visible universe with our 5 human senses. The invisible universe is outside these 5 senses. We must use ESP to perceive aspects of this vast invisible universe.  A medium is someone who can contact and receive messages from the spirit world.

The soul or spirit which inhabit the higher dimensions of the universe vibrates at higher frequencies that are faster than the speed of light.  We can communicate with them only through ESP .

Akashic record—every thing that has ever happened in the universe is held in a vast library of the cosmic memory.  Anyone who can tune in can access this memory bank.



When you look at a person you see only his physical body.  A psychic can see 7 extra  layers or auras surrounding it.  Each aura is a higher vibration or frequency emanating from the 7 chakras. The Chakras are the "nervous system" of the metaphysical body, since it is through them that life energies are received, processed, and transmitted, and through them that body, mind, and spirit are linked together into one holistic system.

Imbeciles--nay--mentally challenged ones and criminals have reduced aura with dark spots.  A psychic can spot such people in a glance.  They have an imbalance between the mental, spiritual, emotional or physical . Each aura has a link to a different plane in the universe. Your subconscious  communicates to your conscious mind through images, thoughts and feelings.



Each part and level of the human Aura is related to different aspects of the person's psychology or physical health, and reveals an interaction of both physical and mental factors.  Aura is a magnetic energy and is a protective shield.. All thoughts , emotions and feelings are contained in the aura and sent out to the universe. 

Reiki ( originated in India in 9000 BC ) taps into universal energy to treat the whole person—mind, body, emotions and spirit. Water in a copper lota treated by a Maharshi become more alkaline, due to decreased hydrogen bonding between the molecules. 




You must have seen sadhus come down from the Himalayas to the Kumbh Mela with lotas.



Somerset Maugham who wrote the Razor's edge went to see Ramana Maharshi, and for 30 minutes he said nothing, and then sent him away.  Ramana said later that there is no need to talk to have a conversation . He was just watching his aura.
  


A Kirlean camera invented by Russian inventor Semyon Davidovich Kirlian can show your aura.  

It is a matter of huge shame that this inventor was denied a nobel prize, as it upset the MONKEY LOBBY (Charles Darwin lobby ) . People with 12 strand DNA like ancient Maharishis used their eyes as Kirlean cameras.



The spirit world exists in a dimension of higher vibration.  A Velichappad ( oracle / medium) forms a channel, a route of communication with those who have passed to the other side.  He does so by raising his vibration or frequency to a point where the link can be formed. As this same time the spirits lower their vibration to be in resonance.  They communicate the energies through pictures , feelings, sounds and thoughts.  The medium interprets these through his broadened sense bands.

The Velichappad does NOT give answers as he is in a trance.  His assistant intermediatory knows the nuances and it is he who gives the answers.  People pour their grievances and unpack their troubles before their god. The velichappad  responds to them in a  strange language and uncanny gestures, which the intermediatory  would translate in to Malayalam .



According to Sanatana Dharma all the beings that live in the universe are made up of vibrating energies. Psychic development will teach you how to raise your vibration or lower it at will. Time and space are features in the material world , not the invisible world.  There the present past and future are all occurring right now. 

This means when you contact the higher realms you can tap into past lives or the future. All psychic exercises require you to alter your state of consciousness to reach ALPHA ( 7  Hz )  state. It is a light trance state achieved by meditation. Your breathing slows down, you cease to notice noise, and visual distractions.  You must be in the NOW.



Self hypnosis is a form of meditation in which the mind of the Velichappad is stilled to reach an altered state of consciousness.  Gold colour can balance disturbed energy. Indian did not start wearing gold , quartz and diamonds  for sheer investment like the West.

Newton's ideas of absolute space and time and Einstein's ideas of relative time and space, are replaced by a truer picture by true psychics, for whom the universe exists in a vast here --where HERE represents all points of space and time at a single instant.  In the quantum world of the zero point (aakasha ) field,  subatomic particles exist in a state of all potential unless observed, when it gets frozen down to a single state. 



On the subatomic level MIND IS OVER MATTER.  We create time and space on the surface of our retinas. Nothing in this universe exists as an actual thing independently of our perception of it. Next time if you get a chance , take permission , go into a surgery room, and at a difficult moment of surgery clasp the patients hand and see for yourself the calming effects on the visual BP monitor -- 

-- only then will you get convinced that -- you are a healer too at your own sweet level.  This is why in India husbands are allowed to hold their wives hands during natural delivery.  It make it easier for the midwife.

A healer is only a medium—or a bridge between two worlds. If he closes down the channel he has no innate ability.  Healers generate electrical voltages > 60 V during healing sessions --as measured by electrometers.



I do hope Cancer specialists will learn that cancer cannot be cured by protein science. Cells communicate by UV light.  

If you put cell cultures in two quartz glasses, what you do to cells in one glass affects the cells in the other glass identically in a mirror fashion. You must understand here that there is NO physical transfer of toxins  or hormones..  This does NOT happen in an ordinary glass, which blocks the transfer of UV light.  

Every living cell emits light.   



Cancer doctors are you listening?  Why are you Darwin brainwashed guys on a wild goose chase?  

This is why when you punch in DNA NASA into Google search you will find my posts , cocking a snook at NASA protein scientists, on page 1 ahead of 51 million posts.

AFTER Tipu Sultan looted the temple , the temple was in dire straits financially.  Those days the staunch temple vaults were used as a bank locker to keep gold. 

To add to their woes, the mosque and church were luring Hindus away.   A lot of low caste Hindus became Muslims so that they can get the left over estates of the high caste Hindus who dies in battle with Tipu Sultan.  

The Church as usual was spreading lies about Hinduism and luring converts with lollipops and sops.  Namboodiri excesses in Kerala where they could walk in into any house and do Sambandham ( screw the female there ) did not help matters. 

This forced the temple authorities to throw the temple open for everybody for 27 days in a year. This caused an invasion of vulgar disruptive forces, egged on by enemies of Hinduism . 

The desecrated temple was then shut down for a week for cleaning and purification rites to remove the stain of pollution .  Desecration was NOT by ribald songs alone, but they low caste devotees threw stones and bags of turmeric , bleeding chicken etc over the roof into the inner sanctum.



Above: The idol of Bhagavati devi ( Kodungallur amma ) in Kodungallur temple is 6 feet tall and made of a trunk of jack fruit tree.

This is a  Shiva temple originally, as worship is offered first to Shiva before being offered to Bhagawati, and there is a mandapam in front of the shiva shrine, while there is  none in front of Bhagawati’s. Shiva created Kaali and she killed demon Daaruka.  

As part of Bharani festival, on Aswathi day, the ritual performed in the noon is called Trichandana Pooja.  This is considered as the most powerful ritual of this temple and is done by Adigas from Karnataka , as a ritual started by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC, after he came to Kerala from Mookambika temple at Kollur. 



He had failed to bring the Devi to Kondungallur as he looked back, on the way from Kudajadri mountain at her when her anklet jingles stopped, breaking a vow.  Adigas are the equivalent of Namboodiris in Karnataka..



    
After India became Independent the local kings went out of the limelight. The new generation did NOT know who the king was nor cared.  He could be in a crowded market place and nobody knew or cared. On top of that they lost their privy purses. 

Kodingallur Bharani festival was used by the King to be in the limelight.  He still visits for his brief few minutes of glory. The days function starts with the King , “Kodungalloor Valiya Thamburan”  comes in the palanquin carried by people in kingly style. 



Pretty soon His Highness gives permission for People to enter the Kavu. The signal is given by raising the decorated umbrella known as “Chuvanna Pattu Kuda”.  



Once royal permission is obtained, the “Komarams”  or oracles” will run around the temple 3 times, in great gusto  holding their swords and beating the temple roof with the bamboo sticks.  



They throw objects inside the temple mainly sticks which signifies the Kavutheendal, and then fall at the feet of the  king of the area seeking his blessing—this is what he is waiting for.  It could be said that the presence of the king and his guards as witnesses prevents a riot and destruction of the temple.



Above: Banging the rafters with bamboo sticks.

The oracles sing numerous songs that are associated with the legend of the Goddess and those associated with farming, culture and mother earth.

Once the “Kavu theendal” is over, The umbrella will be folded and His Highness will leave for his palace, now awaiting the next year , for his few minutes of glory.



The Kodungallur temple has an image of being a great social leveller.  Its doors were open to those at the bottom of the caste hierarchy long before the official temple entry legislation came into force.

The supreme court has banned vulgar songs in Kodungallur during the festival.  Decent folks in the vicinity of the temple with young teenager daughters , were forced to keep their windows shut.  Local bus conductors warn young women NOT to get into a bus where vulgar songs are being sung . 





With the internet age , these songs are getting more and more graphic .  This has turned into a sort of ragging or hazing in Kerala colleges and hostels which can get very traumatic for girls from good families.

It is high time this Hinduism desecrating nonsense ( VULGAR SONGS ONLY ) is stopped.


Amarakosha is a thesaurus of Sanskrit written by the Jain scholar Amarasimha who belonged to 8th century AD.

As per the Christian white historian, Adi Shankaracharya saved Amarakosha from a fire.

So we are supposed to believe that Adi Shankaracharya was indeed a recent phenomen –  thrown back in time by 3800 years..   Like how Lord Ayyapa had conversations with a Muslim.

Mahavira was born after Buddha  as per the white historian .  In my opinion Mahavira was born a couple of thousand years before Buddha..  Adi Shankaracharya was born before Buddha in 2000 BC. Buddha was born in 1900 BC.

There is a concerted attempt to distort history by propagating lies that vulgar songs were instigated by the Hindu king to drive away Buddhists ,  who constructed the Kodungallur temple.

So here is a General knowledge question for IAS and PSC exams.

1) Question: After white skinned and blonde Aryans invaded India , and drove the Dravidians south, which books did they write.
Answer: The Vedas.

2) Question: Which book did Adi Shankaracharya save from the fire?
Answer: Amarakosham , written by Aramasinha in  8th century AD.

Good!  You have passed the orals!! 

TEE HEEEE!





Here is a gem from a Kerala Christian owned newspaper  QUOTE -- As a consequence of such numerous bans ( on vulgar songs ) on annual indigenous-free celebrations,  Kerala has the highest suicide rate among the states in India – UNQUOTE

Oh boy, I am touched , like Madonna!

So we must have such nonsense in all Hindu temples of Kerala, right?   Churches are medically exempted, by Vatican Surgeon General's order?

CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW , TO SEE HOW MEDIA HAVE BECOMES WHORES!




Grace and peace!



"Om hreem shreem bhreem bhraum bhraim bhrah,
hana-hana daga-daga pacha-pacha grihana-grihana,
maraya-maraya mardhyaya-mardhyaya ,
Maha-Maha Bhairava-Bhairava roopainah,
dhoonayan-dhoonayan khampaya-khampaya,
vignaya-vignaya vishweshara shobhaya-shobhaya,
gatu-gatu mohaya oombat swaha"


Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth.  
7.83 hz being the strongest of all, which is Hindu king mantra OM ( Schumann frequency ).   
Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz
Christianity’s AMEN ,  Islam’s 786 and Judaism’s SHALOM does not work.

Punch into Google search  POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS VADAKAYIL

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.  

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their raised Kundalini sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.
********************************************************************
ARJUNA TREE , VIRGIN COCONUT OIL, WHEN HEART ATTACK WAS UNKNOWN IN KERALA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

COCONUT OIL AS BRAIN FOOD ,  TERMINALIA ARJUNA BARK THE AYURVEDA HEART TONIC  ,  SHORT CHAIN FATTY ACIDS OF  NON-HYDROGENATED  COCONUT OILS ,  FALSE PROPAGANDA BY FOREIGN GM SEED COOKING OIL MANUFACTURERS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Before India got independence heart attack , kidney problems and Alzhiemers disease was unknown in Kerala.  Today Kerala is the head quarters of these killer diseases, as we consume bad for health GM seed vegetable oils..

In olden days , people of Kerala used VIRGIN coconut oils for cooking.  Almost all the houses, including my own ,  dried their own coconuts in the back yard and took the copra to the nearby crusher mill to extract fresh oil. Those days ready made powdered atta wheat was NOT available in the shops.  So every nearby mill has a motorized crusher and grinder.  Fresh coconut oil made food very tasty and healthy.

With Independence , we had “lobbied up” corrupt ministers who imported vegetable oils from abroad.  They joined the false Western propaganda that Coconut oil is bad for the heart.  Deliberately these foreign laboratories used HYDROGENATED coconut oils for their tests, to convince people with their lies. .

Coconut oil is hydrogenated so that the freezing point is raised, and the oil does NOT freeze on a cool day of less than 24 deg centigrade.  In Kerala we all know that in the months of Dec and Jan when morning temperatures fall less than 24 deg centigrade , we had to put a spoon into the coconut oil bottle , to scoop out the white solidified oil. In winter we stored our oil in wide mouth bottles, exactly for this.  



Today if you suspect the virgin coconut oil you buy in the supermarket,  just put the bottle horizontally in the freezer to solidify it , and then place it a warm place vertically to melt the oil with a thermometer inserted.  It the oil takes a high 38 deg centigrade of heat to UN freeze it means the oil is hydrogenated.

In the high heat of Indian cooking of >250 deg Centigrade fancy oils like Canola,  Olive , Corn, Safflower, Sunflower , Soya etc , gets unstable with free radicals abuzz from pulverised molecules and become carcinogenic. In India we do NOT stir fry our foods at low heat.

“Virgin" coconut oil is organic and unrefined with NIL additives . It is undeodorized, unhardened coconut oil, with high levels of natural anti-oxidants , NIL trans fats . Coconut oil can be used to deep fry because it is a stable oil that can withstand high temperature cooking.

Coconut oil is a source of  short-chain fatty acids  which are easier to digest than long-chain acids of other cooking vegetable oils.  Short-chain fatty acids help to strengthen and develop cell membranes while long-chain acids of oils of Canola, Olive, Sunflower etc increase risks of blood clots and cancer.   Our bodies metabolize short-chain fats differently than long-chain ones. The  short-chain fats of fresh coconut oil are NOT associated with cardiovascular problems in the same way as the long-chain ones are.



All health studies on coconut oils have been done on hydrogenated oils DELIBERATELY , so that the West can have a immoral and foul trade advantage with their own GM Canola, Sunflower and Olive oils.

Health benefits of  coconut oil-

Causes weight loss
Cures Alzheimer’s
Reduces diabetes/regulate blood sugar
Increases bone and dental health by improving calcium absorption
Fights inflammation and free radicals with its ferulic and p-coumaric acid components
Decreases risk of heart disease
Fights infections due to the lauric acid content

What makes coconut oil so different from other saturated fats?

It's all about the molecular structure.  

All fats are made of fatty acids which are made up of long carbon chains with hydrogen atoms attached.  Different types of fats can be classified by their level of “saturation” of hydrogen.  A saturated fat has no possibility to attract more hydrogen atoms and is therefore very stable.  

A polyunsaturated fat has many free spaces for hydrogen atoms and is therefore reactive and not a stable structure and a monounsaturated fat has only one available space for hydrogen, making it relatively stable.  Coconut oil is a saturated fat, which can be safely heated to high temperatures. 



Unlike saturated fats from animal sources, coconut oil does not raise cholesterol levels in the body or contribute to cardiovascular disease. In fact, it does the opposite. It can effectively lower LDL cholesterol and has a protective effect on the arteries.  It does this because of the size of its molecule.

There are short chain fatty acids (SCFAs), medium chain fatty acids (MCFAs) or long chain fatty acids (LCFAs). The size of the fatty acid is extremely important as the body metabolizes the fatty acids differently according to their size.  Coconut oil is comprised of  SCFAs and MCFAs. 

It's the long chain fatty acids that lead to weight gain, raised cholesterol levels,  atherosclerosis,  cardiovascular disease and put a strain on the liver, pancreas and digestive tract.  Short and Medium chain fatty acids on the other hand lower the risk of these conditions.

The long chain fatty acids are also known as long chain triglycerides (LCTs) and the body needs to  package them with carrier proteins requiring special enzymes to effectively metabolize them.



Virgin coconut oil, which has not been chemically treated, is a VERY good for health, as it contains  medium-chain triglycerides. The medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) found in coconut oil are smaller and can easily cross cell membranes without the need for the special enzymes or carrier proteins.  

MCTs go straight to the liver where they are converted to energy that the body can use rather than being stored as fat. The MCTs don't even need bile or pancreatic enzymes to be used by the body and are therefore perfect for those who have no gallbladder.

Coconut oil, like mother's milk, is rich in lauric acid. Once inside our bodies, lauric acid gets converted to monolaurin, which has powerful anti-viral, anti-microbial and anti-fungal properties and does not harm our natural defenses, like medicines can.



Coconut oil really is a miracle food. It stabilizes blood sugar levels, helps balance hormones, stimulates thyroid function leading to increased metabolism and fat burning, reduces stress on the liver and pancreas and boosts the cellular healing processs of the body by destroying dangerous microbes and enhancing tissue repair, hence its ability to aid the healing if skin wounds, cuts, burns and bruizes.  As it is so easy to metabolize, it effectively boosts our energy levels.

Coconut oil is the perfect anti-aging treatment keeping the skin soft and supple and the connective tissue strong.  It has an antioxidant effect which protects the skin from free radical damage and helps reduce the appearance of wrinkles and fine lines.  Coconut oil can effectively treat dandruff and dry scalp.

India is the biggest importer of edible oil on this planet . The only reason is kickbacks for politicians and political parties. This black money MUST be halted and the corrupt guilty punished. Indians must start using "virgin" coconut oil for cooking.  

It is good for the heart and for general health.  Patients in Alzheimer in USA drink table spoons of coconut oil daily, neat, as a health tonic.


The Caprylic Acid inherent in coconut oil destroys Candida yeast . This acid  basically "pokes holes" in the Candida yeast cell wall, causing it to die.  



The illegal assets of Kerala Ministers who were bribed by the Palm oil lobby must be siezed. They made millions in way of bribes.  

Doctors and cardiologists also agreed with them, stating that Coconut oil has very high saturated fat content ( 92%) and hence it is bad --LDL cholesterol BLAH BLAH.



Punch into Google search QUANTUM DRINK, COCONUT WATER  VADAKAYIL to find out why it is the best natural drink on this planet .



In India Hindus essentially offer Coconut to the gods in temples and pujas , due to its inherent goodness.  



Virgin Coconut oil helps prevent modern diseases like Crohns disease,  fatty liver disease , kidney diseases , Parkinsons , high BP and cholesterol , Alzheimer’s , obesity, fungi , viral diseases , diabetes , breast cancers , PMS syndrome etc.

Now let me talk about Arjuna tree bark.




First watch this video below.









The use of Arjuna tree bark as a heart tonic is explained by the father of Medicine Charaka 4200 BC in his text .  Charaka & Sushruta who wrote the Ashtanga Sangraha and the Ashtanga Hridaya Samhita.

Punch into Google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL



Arjuna tree is mentioned in the Rig Veda of 5000 BC.  (It has nothing to do with Arjuna of Mahabharata) . (R.V.1/122/5).   Hindu mythology documented that this tree has its origin when lord Indra killed a demon by name Vritra.

The Arjuna tree is about 25 metres tall and forms a wide canopy . It has a life span of more than  600 years.  It blooms pale yellow flowers between March and June. 

It has 4 cm fibrous woody fruit, divided into five wings, appears between September and November.  The Antheraea paphia moth likes to feed on its leaves which produces the tassar silk .

It is easy to identify with its outer  grey bark stiff  flaking off in pieces.  Inner bark is  thick flesh colored when cut,  exuding red resin.   Arjun yields up to 50 kg dry bark chips on a three year cycle without damaging the tree.



The bark of the tree is used in Ayurvedic medicines. The bark contains usually a large quantity of tannin and calcium. It also contains good quantities of aluminum, sodium, magnesium, zinc and copper.    

Arjun Bark decoction prevents build up deposits , and also dissolves the existing deposits in the arteries.  Hence it reverses hardening of the arteries.  It had blood lipid lowering activity and thins the blood.  It is good for  alleviating “hritshool” (angina) and helps maintain cholesterol levels due to lipid lowering effects. The bark enhances heart muscle tone and prevents heart palpitations.

The bark is used to prevent liver cirrhosis and liver enlargement.

The bark is used to treat STD and gonorrhoea . It is used for treatment of wounds, ulcers, scorpion bites and bleeding piles , applied topically.

It is useful for  abdominal disorders such as diarrhea

It pulverizes the calculi stones in urinary tract and kidneys and flushed it out. It is good for bile duct disorders.



The bark is used to prevent early ejaculation and impotence .

It prevents accumulation of fluids, thereby reduces edema.



Arjuna leaves are used to cover ulcers & sores externally, while leaf juice is used for curing earache (Otalgia).

Arjuna bark powder  metabolizes cellular energy


The whole tree is so rich on calcium that even the soil it grows on becomes rich on this element too.  The bark composition is 34% Calcium Carbonate.  Calcium carbonate also is used as an antacid to relieve heartburn, acid indigestion, and upset stomach

The powder of the bark is useful in cleaning teeth.



There is a 1000 year old Arjuna tree in the Melpattu tribal village in Jawadhu Hills the circumference of the trunk of the tree alone is around 45 feet. This tree is called Neer Marithu in Malayalam.

The best way to use the bark is to pound it till it releases a butter juice. This juice can be mixed with 2 teaspoonfuls of Amla juice and some honey and consumed regularly.  


In about a litre of water put 2 teaspoonfuls of splintered bark.  Bring it to boil and then lower the flame to let it simmer till the water becomes 500-600 ml (about half).  Let it cool.  Filter it.  Drink about 200-250 ml in the morning and evening.  You can prepare a larger quantity to store it for 2-3 days.   Do NOT store it in plastic bottles.



Its stem bark is antioxidant , anti-inflammatory, anti-pyretic, anti-bacterial , anti-viral,  anti-mutagenic and as an astringent.  

No wonder Rig Veda praised this tree 7000 years ago.

India had the widest variety of organic medicinal herbs and plants on this planet. After the white Christian invader got their hands on our ancient texts, they patented all this knowledge in their names. 



Certain herbs which they could never procure outside India , they developed inorganic cures, with side effects galore.. 

Today in USA , the pharma lobby ensures that parents are slapped with criminal charges and jailed ( for child neglect ) if they do NOT use western allopathic medicines on their own children .

So the big brother owned pharma lobby cares for your own children and loves them more than you .
I am touched by such abundant -nay extravagant altruism , so I must cry.
********************************************************************
HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
JOSHUA PROJECT TWO STALKING HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE,  ASHVAMEDHA SACRIFICE,  HOLI CELEBRATIONS ,  MANU THE FIRST LAW GIVER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



PLAY THE VIDEO BELOW ON HEADPHONES, AS YOU READ!




Today is Holi festival.   

All the foreign funded TV channels of India and Christian missionary NGOs are busy putting a dampener on the celebrations.  

They have even gone to the extent of saying that our army jawans are wasting water by playing Holi.  

Who has authorised these foreign funded TV to keep picking on our armed forces, and to crush their morale?  Few months back all TVs were discussing how our army jawans are given DOUBLE the usual food quota .

First of all , what is Holi ?

Holi is the greatest leveler in India, where an ordinary Jawan can walk up to a General and spray colour on him and the General reciprocates by putting colour on the Jawan and hugging him.



During Holi celebrations there are no caste , gender, age , creed and financial status divides.  All are equal.  These celebrations have been going on for 6000 years . It is stress busting time. 



The atmosphere is electric with fun and joy.  People dance, sing songs and beat drums. 




The government does NOT arrest people who had Marijuana or Cannabis ( Bhang ) as long as they are not disruptive. Enemies have heart to heart talks and  make up on this day. 



Holi is celebrated on the day after the full moon in early March and glorifies good harvest and fertility of the land .  

RADHA IS A FAKE BACK DATED CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER.  

BEFORE THE WHITE MAN CAME TO INDIA NOBODY HEARD OF RADHA , THE MISTRESS OF LORD KRISHNA 


The white man wrote that Holi is celebrated in memory of the immortal love of Lord Krishna and Radha.  The young Krishna would complain to his mother Yashoda about why Radha was so fair and he so dark.   
   



Yashoda advised him to apply colour on Radha's face and see how her complexion would change.

TRUTH:  In the legends of Krishna as a youth he is depicted playing all sorts of pranks with the gopis or cowgirls.  One prank was to throw colored water all over them.  



So at Holi, images of Krishna and his consort Radha are often carried through the streets . The colors of Holi, called 'gulal', in the medieval times were made at home, from the flowers of the 'tesu' or 'palash' tree, also called 'the flame of the forest'.  



These flowers, bright red or deep orange in color, were collected from the forest and spread out on mats, to dry in the sun, and then ground to fine dust.  




The powder when mixed with water made a beautiful saffron-red dye. This pigment and also 'aabir', made from natural colored talc, which were extensively used as Holi colors, are good for the skin.



This year the foreign funded media has been lying in ambush for the Holi celebrations of Asaram Bapu. 

His foreign funded enemies tried to finish him off by sabotaging his helicopter in Aug 2012, and he had a narrow escape when the aircraft crash landed.



 He commands a large following. If he ceased to exist suddenly there are easy pickings of rootless poor people for religious conversions.   



Many false cases have been registered on him for sexually abusing children and women and even murdering them. He is accused of holding Tantric sexual rituals in his ashram. 



Recently Asaram Bapu was ridiculed and literally fried in oil , on all foreign funded TVs for making a comment about the Delhi rape victim who was gang raped by 6 men in a moving bus. 

This woman bit 3 rapists in sensitive spots causing them excruciating pain, and enraged they shoved a curved iron rod ( jack handle ) into her anus and turned it causing her intestines to be adrift , and she died. 

What Asaram Bapu said was  QUOTE "The girl should have taken God's name and could have held the hand of one of the men and said, 'I consider you my brother' and to the other two, she should have said, 'Brothers, I am helpless. You are my brothers. Then the misconduct wouldn't have happened. "UNQUOTE

So what is wrong in telling this, when she is out numbered 1 to 6 ?

No where in the world , the foreign funded TV is allowed to do such EXTREME rabble rousing , as is done in India. 



I remember I was consumed by road rage once , got down from my car and caught an auto driver by both his ears.  This is a particular Kalari hold and can be lethal in just 2 seconds, and people in Kerala know this .  This man cried out in fear “Ettan ( big brother ) please don’t harm me, I drive my auto 15 hours a day to educate my children!” .  

I was so shaken up and ashamed that I let him go and apologized, and even offered him money, which he declined  .  It was he who scraped my car paint.  What would have happened if he acted tough and bit me on a most sensitive spot ( if he had access to it)? .  Even today I get totally mushy and wet eyed when I visualize that man’s terrified face .  

My wife came to know about this the same evening, and she scolded me. This incident happened outside my son’s school and one of his classmates witnessed this and told my son, who in turn told my wife.

Few days ago Asaram Bapu was accused of wasting water by spraying coloured water on several thousands of his followers. The foreign funded media shouted for all they were worth telling LIES that lakhs litres of water was sprayed. 

And to support this propaganda they kept showing Asaram Bapu spraying water on a huge gathering using two atomizing nozzles. 

This was like showing Christiano Ronaldo scoring a goal by a penalty shot , using 10 cameras from different angles. To a gullible man it will appear that Ronaldo scored 10 goals instead of one.

One lakh litres ( one hundred thousand litres ) is 100 tons of water. When they said LAKHS of litres it must mean that atleast 3 lakh litres were used , which is 300 tons of water.

In reality it was confirmed that Asaram Bapu told the truth on TV – that he used just 2000 litres (2 tons) of water. Because it was NOT just water,  it was a solution of natural healing herb juice which gave it a bright colour .  

It was calculated by experts that each man received on an average 60 milli litres of atomizing spray. The water lorries were identified . The color spray which adhered on the shirts of the people were analyzed.  

Thank god there was color ( of Palash flowers ) inherent, or they would have said that the water evaporated.  



If Araram  Bapu had to waste 300 tons of water using those two nozzles, it would take him one and a half  days , NOT just a few minutes.  



And everybody including the ground would be totally drenched.



I went on each and every TV station including vernacular ones.  

All of them spread the same lies of LAKHS of litres of water wasted.  

What does this mean?  

Is there some big brother monopoly? 

Are all these TV stations run by the same big brother?

WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW, TO CHECK OUT FOR YOURSELF HOW THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA HAVE BECOME PAID UP WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER.





Later some TV channels pooh poohed  Asaram Bapus claim that 60 milliliters can help any of his followers.



THIS PARA IS FOR THESE SKEPTIC MORONS--  NAY IDIOTS!.     

This is Vedic science !!

The water which is infused with quantum healing herbs become negative ions when atomized through a spray nozzle.

Negative ion is an oxygen atom with an extra electron.



All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attach itself to it and enlarges the virus.  Viruses are so tiny that our lungs cant pull them out, unless they are enlarged.


Negative ions create an alkaline environment. Cancer cells survive only in an acidic environment, which is an oxygen impoverished environment. When positive ions permeate into your skin, your sweat pores contract.  Negative ions cause the pores to expand and increase metabolism.  

85% negative ions are absorbed by the skin and the balance via the lungs.  Negative ions in the blood stream activates delivery of oxygen to cells and tissues. Negative charged environment stimulates the body’s self healing mechanism.



Ionizing a room drives away the dust , viruses and bacteria, as bacteria thrives on dust. This is the reason why the best hospitals of this planet have negative ion generators in the post operation rooms .

You can buy this in the market too for your home. Negative ions do NOT have any adverse side effects. Even modern poultry farms have negative ion generators. 

Almost all major soccer clubs like Manchester United have negative ionizers in their dressing and change rooms. Basically these machines use high voltage to ionize or electrically charge air molecules—they have an extra electron, to donate to electron wrenching free radicals.

All Vedic rishis sat near clear fast flowing brooks and waterfalls, to improve their concentration. Inhaling negative ions regulates the production of Serotonin in your brain. Negative ionizers help you to sleep better.
  




Here is a quote made by Chanakya 2400 year ago “ Though men be endowed with beauty and youth and born in noble families, yet without education they are like the PALASA flower which is void of sweet fragrance”

They accelerate the oxidative degradation of Serotonin.  Positive ions on the other hand sabotage the enzymes which breakdown serotonin.  




Increased Serotonin causes increased sensitivity to pain and hence heightened aggression , hence higher BP, and bronchiospasm (asthma ), and reduction of pH.  



Overproduction of Serotonin in the brain , causes blood vessels leading to the brain to dilate , stretching pain receptors -- causes migraines. 



Negative ions promote alpha waves in your brain.  Do NOT use vaporizers or moisturizers with negative ion generators-as that will create positive ions. 

Everybody knows the quantum action of an adaptogen like fresh Tulsi juice and healant fresh Turmeric juice which has been used since 9000 BC by the Vedic Maharishis.  

The coloured water sprayed was anti-oxidant which boosts the body's ability to fight off damaging free radicals. It had herbs which had antibacterial , insecticidal properties,  anti inflammatory, anti cancer, antiviral,  anti allergic, anti mutagenic and antimicrobial properties.

AND IT GAVE HUGE JOY TO THESE POOR DEPRIVED  PEOPLE, WHOSE ONLY JOY IN LIFE ARE FESTIVALS LIKE THIS.   

CAN ONLY THE INVADERS RELIGIONS BE CELEBRATED IN INDIA?



Now let me talk about the Ashwamedha Yagna .

This is what Wikipedia has to say -- ( you can check it yourself by Googling ASHVAMEDHA YAGNA WIKIPEDIA ).

They have even given a picture of the Queen lying down with the dead horse ( to be used as dildo for sexual gratification ) -- this picture was painted by a Muslim painter Sahibdin. 



They say he painted it in 1652 AD , which is a lie. 

QUOTE:--


Anyone who should stop the horse is ritually cursed, and a dog is killed ..

The queens walk around the dead horse reciting mantras. The chief queen then has to mimic copulation with the dead horse, while the other queens ritually utter obscenities ( probably they were singing  ribald songs like DARA SINGH KA  LUND--  TEE HEEEE ! ).

On the next morning, the priests raise the queen from the place where she has spent the night with the horse. 

The three queens with a hundred golden, silver and copper needles indicate the lines on the horse's body along which it will be dissected. The horse is dissected, and its flesh roasted. Various parts are offered to a host of deities and personified concepts with utterances of svaha "all-hail".

The human sacrifice, the Purushamedha, followed a similar format,  but included a man with the animals to be sacrificed. The price of the man was set at one thousand cows and a hundred horses. Like the horse, the man chosen for sacrifice was allowed to wander for a year. Once he had been killed, the queen lay with his corpse.

The Laws of Manu refer to the Ashvamedha (V.53): 'The man who offers a horse-sacrifice every day for a hundred years, and the man who does not eat meat, the two of them reap the same fruit of good deeds.

In the Mahabharata, the sacrifice is performed by Yudhishtira (. After the horse was cut into parts, Draupadi had to sit beside the parts of the horse.)

The ritual was performed in strict compliance with Vedic prescriptions (1.14.10). Dasaratha's chief wife Kausalya circumambulates the horse and ritually pierces its flesh (1.14.33). 

Then "Queen Kausalya desiring the results of ritual disconcertedly resided one night with that horse that flew away like a bird." .

At the conclusion of the ritual Dasharatha symbolically offers his other wives to the presiding priests, who return them in exchange for expensive gifts.

 "An empire is like a horse and the subjects like other inferior animals" (p. 448). Thus, VSM 23.22, literally "he beats on the vulva (gabha), the penis (pasas) oozes repeatedly (ni-galgaliti) in the receptacle"

“ The three authors of the Vedas were buffoons, knaves, and demons. All the well-known formulae of the pandits, jarphari, turphari, etc. and all the obscene rites for the queen commanded in Aswamedha, these were invented by buffoons, and so all the various kinds of presents to the priests, while the eating of flesh was similarly commanded by night-prowling demons.”

The mock bestiality ( sexual intercourse with animals ) and necrophilia ( sexual attraction to dead animals ) involved in the ritual caused considerable consternation among the scholars first editing the Yajurveda. Griffith (1899) omits verses VSM 23.20–31 (the ritual obscenities), protesting that they are "not reproducible even in the semi-obscurity of a learned European language" (alluding to other instances where he renders explicit scenes in Latin rather than English). A. B. Keith's 1914 translation also omits verses.

This part of the ritual offended the Dalit reformer and framer of the Indian constitution B. R. Ambedkar and is frequently mentioned in his writings as an example of the perceived degradation of Brahmanical culture.

UNQUOTE: 

So all Indian Hindus are fools and perverts except our dalit  BR Ambedkar!

Recently CNN IBN , the foreign funded TV station held a sham poll, to find out the greatest Indian after Gandhi.  We MUST believe that Gandhi is the greatest-- this is compulsory!

Now who is BR Ambedkar?  He was taken to Columbia Univesity to inject poison into the Vedas. Being a dalit there is no way, he could have laid his hand of the Vedas.  

Out there in USA he wrote a book mocking Hinduism by the name of  RIDDLES IN HINDUISM, in league with the white Christian missionaries.

Punch into Goole search CNN IBN POLL, GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL 

Below:  Watch the video of BR Ambedkar ( acted by Malayalam Megastar Mammooty ). Mammooty is NOT anti-Hindu, he just acted out a scripted role.






So what is the truth about ASHWAMEDHA YAGNA?

The truth is the horse is NOT killed at all-- leave alone the queen having sexual intercourse with a dead horse's you know what.. 

A spirited horse is chosen , with white fur and no blemishes. A yagna ( Agnihotra homam ) is held BEFORE the horse sets out on a guided tour.

Ashwamedha yagna cannot be held by a mortal.  It is held by the king of Gods Indra.  It can only be done by a mortal king if he is commanded to do it by an avatar of Vishnu.

This tradition was broken by King Mahabali of Kerala. He was an asura ( demon ) king. The people of Kerala were very happy with this king as he was a wise and just ruler, and there was prosperity all over.  King Mahabali did the Ashwameda yagna.

This made Indra very jealous, as this was his prerogative, and nobody had the guts to kill the white Ashwamedha horse  of King Mahabali.

He prevailed on Aditi, his mother to convince Vishnu to correct this imbalance, where an Asura King could cock a snook at the King of Gods . Vishnu decided to intervene and took the 5th  avatar of Vamana --a blue faced Brahmin midget ( dwarf ) .



The Brahmin dwarf asked King Mahabali for alms-- a small grant of land.  The King told him that he can take as much land area as he wished, within his kingdom . But the midget wanted only three strides ( paces )  of land.

Immediately the kings advisor Sage Shukracharya who was a seer, advised his king NOT to agree to this request, as he suspected something amiss and was sure of foul play.

Mahabali being a very generous king, could NOT imagine going back on his word, during a divine sacrifice.
So he agreed to grant the boon of three paces of land. Vamana immediately assumed the gigantic form of Vishnu ( the Preserver lord ) and in the first two steps covered the whole of earth and cosmos.


Then he asked the king where he should keep his third step. The king bowed down on his knees and told him to place the third step on his head.

Before that he asked that he should be able to visit and bless his subjects once every year .

Vishnu granted this boon and placed his foot on Mahabali's head and instead of driving him underground to the netherworld , he sent him to heaven -- pleased with his righteousness.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY ALL MALAYALIS CELEBRATE ONAM -- THE DAY THE KING WILL COME EVERY YEAR.   

A CARPET OF FRESH FLOWERS IS LAID AT THE ENTRANCE OF EVERY HOUSE.  DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI MARKS THE VICTORY OF GODS , OR DEFEAT OF KING MAHABALI .  

DIWALI IS CELEBRATED BY THE WHOLE OF INDIA -- EXCEPT KERALA.



So why is the white horse on a guided tour?  This is the essence of Ashwameda.

The emperor seeks to check out if any of his vassal kings want to challenge his supreme authority— in public.

The horse is guided by the Emperor’s generals and chosen ministers . They generals follow the white horse on their own horses. 

The horse with clanging bells is made to travel through the vassal kingdoms.  Any vassal king can kill the horse and thus declare war on the Emperor,  which will happen pretty soon.  If he just captures the horse, there may be room for negotiation.

The horse is even taken to enemy kingdoms, and there is “diplomatic immunity” for the Emperor’s men not the white horse.  

Any tough acting intentions are gauged out. 

When the horse returns safe and sound, it means all is well-- and the emperor's supreme authority is unchallenged.  And all know it too.

In the POST Ashwamedha yagna all vassal kings are invited, and there are celebrations all around ,  for peace and prosperity  in future.  Soldiers go home to their families.

IN MODERN TERMS THIS IS LIKE A OPEN "CONFIDENCE " MOTION IN THE PARLIAMENT.

Now consider this --

55 million devotees go on pilgrimage to Sabarimala ever year.  If you average this out Sabarimala beats Kumbh Mela as the most popular pilgrimage spot.  

Ever since Sabarimala has become the world’s No 1 pilgrimage centre there is a concerted attempt by the Christian missionaries and historians to discredit the diety Lord Ayyappa.  

To make Ayyappa a recent phenomenon, initially they made Ayyappa have imaginary conversations with a Vavar a Muslim friend ( sic!).  

When that did NOT work, they transported him back by several thousand years and made him the son of Mohini , after Samudra manthan.

Lord Ayyappa is the 9th avatar of Vishnu, not Buddha as injected by the white Christian invader.  Buddha was a mortal NOT a god, who was the first to mirror Hinduism.  




Later many mortals became gods, including a Yank by the name of Joseph Smith 190 years ago.  He used converted the right handed Swastika of Hinduism and made it Left handed.

Let us see what Wikipedia has to say about Lord Ayyapa.

For this punch into Google search MOHINI WIKIPEDIA .

Check out the gems.



QUOTE :--

Transgender Hijras consider Krishna-Mohini as a transsexual, rather than a true female.

Shiva wishes to see the bewildering Mohini again. When Vishnu agrees and reveals his Mohini form, Shiva runs crazily behind Mohini, "bereft of shame and robbed by her of good sense," while the abandoned wife Parvati (Uma) looks on. 

Shiva is overcome by Kāma (love and desire or Kamadeva, the god of love and desire).  His "unfailing" seed ( semen ) escapes like that of "a love-maddened elephant chasing a desiring female" and falls on ground creating ores of silver and gold.

Overcome by lust, Shiva chases Mohini as Parvati hangs her head in shame and envy. Shiva grabs Mohini's hand and embraces her, but Mohini frees herself and runs further. 

Finally, Shiva grabs her and their "violent coupling" leads to discharge of Shiva's seed which falls "short of its goal," suggesting the act was not consummated.

In the later story of the origin of Ayyappa, Shiva impregnates Mohini, who gives birth to Ayyappa. They abandon Ayyappa in shame. 

The legend highlights Vishnu's protests to be Mohini again and also notes that Ayyappa is born of Vishnu's thigh as Mohini does not have a real womb. 

Another variant says that instead of a biological origin, Ayyappa sprang from Shiva's semen, which he ejaculated upon embracing Mohini.

Mohini seduces the sages. Mohini is depicted nude, adorned with garlands and ornaments, holding a lotus and a parrot, leaning on a stick. The sages pray to her, as their phalluses point to her.( HEY, WHO FITTED THE HOMING DEVICE ON THEM PRICKS?  TEE HEEEEE !! )

An "explicit, male homosexual act" is suggested is in a Telugu text where when Shiva is busy lovemaking with Mohini-Vishnu, the latter returns to his original form ( male ) and still the lovemaking continues.( REALLY I SAW TWO MEN SCREWING WITH MY BEADY EYE ! -- PROMISE ! - TEE HEEE !! ) 

UNQUOTE:-

ALL  ABOVE UNACCEPTABLE AND VULGAR SLANDER HAS BEEN DELETED,  AND THE WIKIPEDIA POST ON MOHINI RE-EDITED BY ONE ON MY READERS.




If you wanna know the magic at Sabarimala ,  punch into Google search SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT  VADAKAYIL




If you wanna know the real Manu, punch into Google search MANU THE FIRST LAW MAKER VADAKAYIL

But then the white Christian invader injected poison, to “divide and rule”.

So here are the doctored LAWS OF MANU  ( Christian invaders spin in collusion with BR Ambedkar)



QUOTE 

For the sake of the prosperity of the worlds (the divine one) caused the Brahmana, the Kshatriya, the Vaisya, and the Sudra to proceed from his mouth, his arm, his thighs and his feet.

One occupation only the lord prescribed to the Sudras, to serve meekly even these (other) three castes.

Once-born man (a Sudra), who insults a twice-born man with gross invective, shall have his tongue cut out; for he is of low origin.

If he mentions the names and castes (gati) of the (twice-born) with contumely, an iron nail, ten fingers long, shall be thrust red-hot into his mouth.

If he arrogantly teaches Brahmanas their duty, the king shall cause hot oil to be poured into his mouth and into his ears.

With whatever limb a man of a low caste does hurt to (a man of the three) highest (castes), even that limb shall be cut off; that is the teaching of Manu.

He who raises his hand or a stick, shall have his hand cut off; he who in anger kicks with his foot, shall have his foot cut off.

A low-caste man who tries to place himself on the same seat with a man of a high caste, shall be branded on his hip and be banished, or (the king) shall cause his buttock to be gashed.

Let him never slay a Brahmana, though he have committed all (possible) crimes; let him banish such an (offender), leaving all his property (to him) and (his body) unhurt.

If the shudra intentionally listens for committing to memory the veda, then his ears should be filled with (molten) lead and lac; if he utters the veda, then his tongue should be cut off; if he has mastered the veda his body should be cut to pieces.

Women do not care for beauty, nor is their attention fixed on age; (thinking), ‘(It is enough that) he is a man,’ they give themselves to the handsome and to the ugly. (ALL THEY WANT IS THAT THING BETWEEN THE MAN'S LEGS--TEE HEEEE!) 



Through their passion for men, through their mutable temper, through their natural heartlessness, they become disloyal towards their husbands, however carefully they may be guarded in this (world).

(When creating them) Manu allotted to women (a love of their) bed, (of their) seat and (of) ornament, impure desires, wrath, dishonesty, malice, and bad conduct.

Let (the first part of ) a brahmin’s (denote) something auspicious, a kshatriya’s name be connected with power and a vaishya’s with wealth, but a Shudra’s (express something) contemptible.( OH BOY WE HAVE A CHOICE HERE --  TEE HEEEE ! )



Whatever exists in the world is the property of the Brahmana; on account of the excellence of his origin the Brahmana is indeed, entitled to it all.

The service of the Brahmana alone is declared to be an excellent occupation for a shudra; for whatever else besides this he may perform will bear no fruit.

No collection of wealth must be made by a shudra even though he be able to do it; for a shudra who has acquired wealth gives pain to Brahmana.( PAIN WHERE?  UP THE ASS? TEE HEEEE ! )



A Brahmana who has killed even the peoples of the three worlds, is completely freed from all sins on reciting three times the Rig, Yajur or Sama- Veda with the Upanishad.


UNQUOTE

Manu was a noble maharishi, incapable of being a bigot.

To check out the actual Manu punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUSIM VADAKAYIL





To live as  a Hindu in Bangladesh and Pakistan , is like living in hell so say millions of Hindus who still live there.

Bollywood money is now Islamic money.  Hindu culture is being eroded very gradually.

One Babri Masjid getting destroyed in India, is thrashed almost everyday by desh drohi TV channels like NDTV.  This mosque was built on a destroyed ancient Ram temple using the same foundation.. They do NOT say a word about ancient Hindu temples being destroyed by the hundreds in Pakistan and Bangladesh.

People like Dr Zakir Naik , Teesta Setalvad who are Muslims first and Indians last are given plenty air time.

A few days back we had an IT tribunal ruling that Hinduism is NOT a religion at all.   All this makes the Catholic Italian waitress turned empress very happy.

If you take a census of militants holding guns in NE and the naxal corridor you will find that they are all converted Christians, who receive ammunition by air drop by foreign agencies, who use their funded NGOs in India for co-ordination.



Hindus in India have always been respectful to other religions and  given shelter to whosoever landed at its shores from time immemorial  to the present day. This tolerance is now being construed as cowardice.

Prominent wealthy Hindus must now come forward and break the monopoly of these Christain and Zionist foreign funded media.  Only then we can have  balanced and truthful reporting.  

Hindus need to unite to  safeguard their very existence in their own country.  Hindu women employed by these foreign funded TVs are afraid even to put a bindi on their foreheads , lest they get sacked.

The waitress turned empress has taken only Christians , Muslims and Pseudo Hindus in her coterie. For her even a Hindu Minister who has married a Muslim or a Christian will do. 



RSS who fought for India’s freedom is branded as worse that Lashkar E Toiba.

The principle of DESH BHAKTI being towards the land is now subverted.  In the UPA regime DESH DROHI means the one who is speaking ill of the foreigner on the Indian throne.

People like Chetan Bhagat are now the icons.  This immature man would like all young girls to celebrate Valentine’s day and he would like FDI in retail everywhere in India .   

Self confessed atheist, the petty fiction writer Amish Tripati is now a Hinduism expert and Indian culture for the West.  

People like Arundhati Roy ( a Christian with a Hindu name ) are openly being seditious on TV.  Love for the motherland means nothing to these people.

The moment a Hindu gives back as good as he got, he becomes a Hindu Terrorist.

Recently I saw a comment on TOI by an Indian Christian .  

He says “ India is only for secular people ( meaning only for Muslims and Christians ).   Rest can go to Nepal ( alluding that Nepal is a Hindu country ).

This says it all !!


The Jews cry hell over a few thousands Jews killed in 2nd world war by Hilter . They put the Serbian Inquisition ( Jasenovac ) and the General Eisenhower DEF body count as Jews . Nobody cares for more than  about 90 million exterminated Hindus.

Nobody knows that 1.2 million Indians were used to replace African slaves and scattered all around the world as Indentured labour,  on direct orders from Rothschild to their stooge in Britsih Parliament , John Gladstone who was one of the biggest slave traders. As a reward, his son William Gladstone was made the Prime Minister of Britain.

Opium drug traders British East India Company owned by Jew Rothschild made Indians their slaves. With their opium money, they build railways , roads, bridges and harbours to steal India’s wealth. They paid mercenary soldiers, and missionaries to drive fissures into Hinduism.  

When the white Christian invader came to India ,we were the richest country in the whole world.  By 1947 everything was stolen and we were reduced to beggars. 

Today but for the internet and IT revolution, Indians would still have been branded as morons. Let nobody be under the illusion that only English speaking Indians who passed IIT and then went to USA have brains. 

Our national brain bank is literally " non-evaporable" . An ordinary Indian child can whip his western counterpart in a test of IQ.




IF INDIA BECOMES A SLAVE NATION EVER AGAIN ,  IT WILL BE SOLELY THE HANDIWORK OF FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs AND MULTINATIONALS WHO WERE INVITED ( BY FDI IN RETIAL ) , WHO LOVE TO BRIBE OUR MINISTERS AND MEDIA.. 




If we do NOT drive away all foreign funded NGO groups from the NE  and the Naxal corridor -- the freedom of our grandchildren are in danger.  

Converted Christian Naxalites dont have money to buy a chapati, but they have money to buy a 5 lakh automatic gun and bullets. Do we need terror funding and racist evangelists running wild in India? 



There are thousands of foreign funded NGOs in India, who cannot come under the income tax radar scanner.  Why is there no effort to check that all NGO funds come in by legal route?  Why is the UPA government not keeping a tab on NGOs and not forcing them to submit their account books?  



Do you know what is the meaning of giving false evidence to courts-- and how many foreign funded Indian NGOs have done this so far, to continue getting funds from their foreign masters?   

Does democracy in India have any meaning when foreign forces decide who stands as a candidate?  This is done even at lowest Panchayat levels-- as the Koodankulam Panchayat president is installed by a Christian missionary NGO. 

Kiran Bedi , desptite an order from Supreme court gave special treatment to a foreign prisoner, and a grateful Zionist lobby gave her the Magsaysay award.  Why are Indian NGOs so fond of saving foreign criminals?  Why are foreign forces so particular in saving certain Indian criminals, in the name of human rights?.

A lot of support is drummed up on foreign funded TV channels , for the Manipuri woman who has been "fasting" for 10 years, so that Jawans have one arm tied up while fighting with deadly militants. She looks damn healthy on TV, if she is indeed force fed  only by intravenous needle . 

Do you know why so many "human rights awards" and "defenders of democracy awards "  are going to anti-national Indians nowadays? Any Indian activist , getting a foreign award today, must be viewed with suspicion.


Most of the  kidney transplants,  liver transplants and  heart transplants performed in the West today,  have these parts sourced from India,  arranged secretly by foreign funded Christian NGOs .. Why is the UPA government allowing this?

If you say a word against a Jew in USA , you will be branded anti-semitic and you will be sued by Zionist organizations funded by powerful forces.  But if  you say Hindu Goddess Sita had sex with Ravana, well you will be invited to the White house and Queen's box at Wimbledon, for exercising your freedom of expression-- and you will be in line for the next Rockfeller award.  What bullshit is this?



Let me remind all Indians , when the whole of the west has just come out from under the quarternary ice age, and were eating raw meat , staying in caves, doing grunt grunt for language and wearing animal skins , India was a huge civilization with advanced mathematics and science , with more than 2000 languages. 

According to Wiki leaks Congress party's general secretary Rahul Gandhi remarked to US Ambassador Timothy Roemer, at a luncheon hosted by Prime Minister of India at his residence in July 2009, that 'Hindu radicalized groups ( read as RSS ) posed a bigger threat' to India than the Laskar E Toiba.  Never mind RSS fought for India's freedom and Nehru made RSS march in the Republic day parade .

Try putting a comment with JOSHUA PROJECT words in the comments column of India's major newspaper The Hindu, and a message will come " The article you look for is not available" .  But if you put ZERO instead of O,  the comment is taken in, to be moderated and rejected.. 

Now let me talk about RADHA!


The FAKE Garga Samhita describes the wedding of Radha and Krishna.  

Radha’s name is worshipped in Vraja Bhumi but not found in any puranas- and this includes the original Brahma Varta Purana ..

I had a Chief Officer on one of my ships— he starts everything with JAI RADHEY! 

It was almost used like OM ! or PRANAM!  

When he spoke  to his mother or brothers , the conversation started with JAI RADHEY .

Radha, daughter of Vrishabhanu, was the mistress of Krishna during that period of his life when he lived among the cowherds of Vrindavan.  Since childhood they were close to each other - they played, they danced, they fought, they grew up together and wanted to be together forever, but the world pulled them apart.  He departed to safeguard the virtues of truth, and she waited for him.  He vanquished his enemies, became the king, and came to be worshipped as a lord of the universe.  She waited for him.  He married Rukmini and Satyabhama, raised a family, fought the great war of Ayodhya, and she still waited.  So great was Radha's love for Krishna that even today her name is uttered whenever Krishna is refered to, and Krishna worship is though to be incomplete without the deification of Radha.  

The sage Vyasa refers to this as the 'Rasa'.  

MANY INDIAN ARTISTS AND POETS WERE LITERALLY ARM TWISTED BY THE WHITE CHRISTIAN INVADER TO POPULARISE A FAKE PHYSICAL LOVE STORY



Above: Raja Ravi Varma painting ( 1890 AD ) --where Lord Krishna is engaged is sexual fore-play with Radha.

Radha is not just one attractive cowherd maiden, but is the origin of all divine personalities that participate in the rasa dance.  

Krishna's youthful dalliances with the 'gopis' just symbolic of the ALLEGORICAL loving interplay between God and the human soul.  

Radha's utterly rapturous love for Krishna and their relationship is allegorical of the quest for union with the divine.

This kind of love is of the highest form of devotion in Vaishnavism, and is symbolically represented as the bond between the wife and husband or beloved and lover.

Radha is not mentioned by name in Srimad Bhagavatam but is alluded to within the tenth chapter of the text as one of the gopis who Krishna plays with during his upbringing as a young boy.  It is in later texts such as the Gita Govinda , injected with poison by the White Christian invader , where we find such LOVE stories.

Srila Prabhupada of ISKON tried to do some damage control—to rampant Western insinuations of Lord Krishna having a mistress with whom he had sexual intercourse behind his wife. 

 ( Srila Prabhupada on Radhastami, Srimati Radharani's Appearance Day. Montreal, August 30, 1968)

"........this Radharani's name is not in the Srimad-Bhagavatam.  How this name came, Radharani?....... There is anayaradhyate.  There are many gopis, but it is mentioned that by this particular gopi He [Krishna] is served more pleasingly. Krishna accepts this gopi's service more gladly Anayaradhyate. Aradhyate. This aradhate, this word, aradhyate means worshiping.  From this word aradhyate, Radha has come.  But Radha's name are there in other Puranas. So this is the origin.

.....Radha-Krishna philosophy has to be understood by the liberated person, not by the conditioned soul. So we shall await for the fortunate moment when we are liberated, then we shall understand radha - krishna - pranaya - vikrtir.  Because Krishna and Radha, They are not on the material field.  Try to understand.  This is Jiva Gosvami's analysis, that Krishna is the Supreme Brahman. The Supreme Brahman cannot accept anything material.  So Radha is not in the material field.

....we should not treat Radharani as ordinary girl, or Krishna as ordinary man. They are the Supreme Absolute Truth.  But in the Absolute Truth, there is the pleasure potency, and that is exhibited in the dealings of Radha and Krishna. And Radha's expansion all the gopis, and Krishna is the Supreme Lord."


One of Radharani's names, HARA (mentioned in Narada-pancaratra 5.5.59), in vocative Hare, forms a part of the Hare Krishna 'Maha-Mantra', one of the most popular Vedic mantras, especially amongst Gaudiya Vaishnavas.

In the Brihad-Gautamiya Tantra, Radharani is described as follows: "The transcendental goddess Srimati Radharani is the direct counterpart of Lord Sri Krishna. She is the central figure for all the goddesses of fortune. She possesses all the attractiveness to attract the all-attractive Personality of Godhead. She is the primeval internal potency of the Lord."

All the ancient books that refer to Sri Krishna, the name of Sri Radha occurs only in two:- the INJECTED Brahmavaivarta Purana  and in the INJECTED works of poet Jaidev— for whom the  Bengalis and Oriyas fight over..  

In Kaun Banega Crorepati (KBC III)  the Bongs tried to establish that Jayadeva is a court poet of king Lakshmanasena of Bengal. This triggered an immediate volley of protests by from the Oriyas.  In Ashtapadi No.21 Radha, the Jeevatma, merges with Krishna, who is The Paramatma.  Jayadeva's ashtapadis that are sung in dance performances of Odissi, the classical dance of Orissa.

The INJECTED Padma Purana describes 18,000 cowherd-girls (gopis) among whom it says 108 are the most important. Among those 108, eight are considered more important still, and among the eight, two have a special position - Chandravali and Radharani. Of the two, Radha is considered the foremost. Others are: Lalita, Vishakha, Padma, Bhadra, Saibya and Syama.  

According to the Mahabharat and the Puranas,  Draupadi was regarded as the most beautiful and virtuous of all women at the time.  (She would never use the phallus of a dead horse as a dildo, in Yuddhishtra Ashwamedha Yagna ).

It is said that if there was any one woman just as beautiful and virtuous as she was, it was Krishna’s wife Rukmini.

Indians were introduced to Radha for the first time in Brahmavaivarta Purana, which according to the Englishman Wilson, is the latest of all the Puranas.  It was he who declared that the original Brahmavaivarta Purana is now lost forever ( actually hidden in the British museum in London ).


It is commonly understood that Krishna is an Avatara of Vishnu. But in the Brahmavaivarta Purana that is available to us, it is the other way round! Here, Krishna is the creator of Vishnu and all other gods and living creatures.

in this POISON INJECTED new Brahmavaivarta Purana, there is another important character called Viraja who is a rival of Radha for Sri Krishna’s love. In this version, Krishna goes to Viraja’s house which makes Radha angry and jealous. She follows him in her chariot and comes to Viraja’s house, too. Viraja’s watchman, Sridama, however does not allow her to enter. Inside, though, Viraja gets so scared of Radha that she melts and becomes a river.

Krishna promptly revives her and gives her back her original form. Their intense lovemaking, by and by, results in the birth of seven sons, whom their mother’s curse turns into seven seas. The mother curses them because they disturb her in her lovemaking ( THE BED MUST HAVE BEEN CREAKING BADLY --TEE HEEE !! ) . 

Radha, on hearing of this romance admonishes Krishna and punishes him with a curse that would force him to be born on earth.  At this, Sridama, the watchman who is a devotee of Sri Krishna, rebukes Radha which infuriates her. 

Radha curses him too to be born as an Asura. Sridama takes his revenge by cursing Radha to be born as a human female who would acquire infamy for her loose character. Later, both Sridama and Radha pray to Krishna to save them from each other’s curses. Krishna blesses Sridama with the boon that he would be the king of Asuras. And he consoles Radha by promising that when she goes to earth, he himself would follow her.

WHAT THE HELL IS ALL THIS?   

ARE WE HINDUS IDIOTS , LIKE WHAT JUSTICE KATJU SAYS?

WIKIPEDIA , I KNOW YOU WILL READ THIS. ALL YOUR DIRTY GAMES WILL NOT WORK. 

WHEN THE BJP GOVERNMENT COMES TO POWER, PACKING OFF THE CATHOLIC ITALIAN WAITRESS, THERE WILL BE SEVERE RETRIBUTION.  

YOU MAY GET ARRESTED , IF YOU COME TO INDIA, FOR ATTACKING THE SOUL OF INDIA -- 

BEWARE!


I must explode a bombshell right now. 

Chitapavan means “found lying at sea shore” in colloquial Hindi.  

Chitpavans of Maharashtra were a bunch of light eyed Jews who ventured from Kerala northwards by ship and their ship sank in the NW monsoon off the Kolaba district of Konkan  ( to be read as IMPORTED from Kerala by Rothschild )

The Y chromosome of Chitpavan Brahmins , who were unknown before the 18th century, contains a Cohenim haplotype unique to Jewish Rabbis. 

The Bene Israel claim that they share a common origin with the Indian Jews Chitpavan Brahmins.  

BR Ambedkar’s wife was a Chitpavan Brahmin.  

Gopal Krishna Gokhale the mentor of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

The assassin of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

Mahadev Govind Ranade the mentor of Gokhale and the founding member of the Indian National Congress was a Chitpavan. 

Rothschild had their fake Western historians inject every where that Chitpavan Brahmins are explained in the tall tale of Lord  Parshuram in the Sahyadrikhanda of the Skanda Purana.

Hey, ring a bell?
********************************************************************
SPROUTS OF MOONG OR MONGO BEANS, THE NO 1 SUPER HEALTH FOOD – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

SPROUTED GREEN GRAM , CHERUPAYAR,  THE POWERHOUSE OF NUTRIENTS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I am just back after a full body heavy duty Ayurvedic oil massage.   

I always take a bath with Cherupayar podi ( Moong powder ) as this does a better job than soap and shampoo.  On top of removing every trace of oil, it exfoliates the skin.  The ancient Maharishis in all their wisdom used this as soap. You should try this out.

While taking the bath , my wind wandered and I suddenly let out a loud laugh.

Immediately mE wife wants to know why I laughed and that too with so much joy ?  Probably a pretty young girl stashed away somewhere?  See this is called PMS syndrome.  TEE HEEEE !

So I said , I just remembered a joke which I had forgotten . 

Now this is a true incident narrated by my Sardarji friend.

They had a PT master , who was a jolly rotund Sardarji.  He was a good man and used to mix around with the college students –all Punjabis.   

Sometimes they would share a beer with him and it was usual for him to make this mournful statement after a wholesome swig of beer with a loud sigh “ You guys are so lucky. In my time we ate grams and survived”.

After some time this dialogue got on their nerves and so the students conspired to end this type of a melancholy statement, which went against his jovial nature.

So the next time he made this statement, all the boys got up and said “ Sir, we are so lucky to have a nice master like you. We want to touch your feet!”

And they all rushed towards him , all trying to catch his feet.

So far so good.

In between one boy said “ Give me some space, I cant see his feet. OK, then I will hold his balls” and then he squeezed it at bit hard -- a most sensitive twin spot “.  

And the master cried OUCCCHHH!

After this incident every time he started off with “ You guys are so luc----“  he would hold on to his balls and look at the naughty boys and not say the balance part of “ in my time we ate grams and survived “




He was talking about SPROUTED MOONG BEANS.



It many be a poor man’s fare, but even today it is the KING AMONG HEALTH FOODS.



Watch the video above, to check out how green grams sprout.




I remember when I was a small boy , we had a school project of sprouting beans and writing an essay about it. I had no dang idea , so my father helped me out.

He showed me two ways.

In one I can watch it sprouting by using a shaped up blotting paper , which held the beans , inserted into a glass having water.

The other way was to soak the beans in water and then fold it up in a wet cotton cloth and leave it lying in a bowl.

So I asked him, how he know this- as he seemed to be an expert.  My father was a member of RSS in the pre-independence days.



He told me about the Indian Navy Mutiny in 1946,  when RSS has put road blocks in all major cities of India , to prevent British troop movement.  After this mutiny till India became independent RSS would hold massive shows of strength like mass drills , march pasts etc every day.  

They would march past the British bungalows in Calicut .  A lot of people in the group used to be ex-soldiers of World War 2 who were disbanded after the war.  This sort of weakened the British resolve to hold on to India. 



The day started off with Suryanamaskar and ended with Kho Kho, before they dispersed for their daily jobs.  

It was compulsory for all RSS participants to eat sprouted whole Moong Dhal and drink lot of water , before they reached the maidan, for their daily show of strength.

How many of you know about this unsung Indian Navy Mutiny of 1946, when the British invaders literally sh@t in their pants. 

All of you think that Gandhi’s Ahimsa drove them away , right?

Punch into Google search THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL.

If you wanna to know what Kho Kho is, just watch the video below.  It is tough on the lungs and the knees. It is a thinking game.  Dumbos will keep running, till the cows come home.



And if you wanna know what is Surya Namaskar, punch into Google search SURYA NAMSKAR THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION VADAKAYIL.

Since I posted it on 28th Oct 2011, this post has been downloaded more than 40, 000 times — which means people like it.


Let me narrate my father’s RSS method.

AAA ) Use only good quality seeds for sprouting.  Sit in bright day light , put your spectacles on if you need them, and eliminate every bean which looks suspicious or not upto the mark in looks. 

A single bad bean will contaminate a whole batch of sprouts,  so show no mercy. 

Clean and wash the moong beans .  This is to remove any pesticides. Make sure they are organic and not GM beans, which will give you cancer.

Soak it overnight or for 8 hours.  Make sure the beans are completely submerged in good quality non-chlorinated water , even when they get swollen with water ingress.  Don’t be stingy with water at this phase.

BBB ) On the second day-
Rinse the swollen beans well and drain the water.  Some would have even started sprouting. Drain the water completely by hanging off the beans in a thin white cotton cloth .

Now,  keep the cloth along with the moong beans in a vessel at room temperature.  Cover it with a light lid and leave it overnight undisturbed.  

Make sure the cloth is damp and care should be taken to ensure that there is no water stagnant in the vessel.



DDD ) On the third day--

You can see that the seeds have sprouted well. If you want longer sprouts, rinse and drain the beans through the cloth and keep it for another 6 hours.  

Again ensure that the cloth is damp and also there should be no stagnant water in the vessel , lest the sprouted  beans get rotten and slimy. 

It is good to place the spouted beans in direct sunlight to allow the UV light to kill any bacteria or fungus , before you start making a salad out of it.

It is easy to make sprouts in summer than winter.  The main factors for germination are water, air, heat , and darkness. 

There or no germination at all if any of these factors are not present such as insufficient water, or too much water, lack of sufficient heat, lack of fresh air, either too cold or too hot surroundings and too much light.  

Moong beans can be sprouted either in light or dark conditions. Those sprouted in the dark will be crisper in texture . Those sprouted in slight daylight light will have more nutritional content than those grown in absolute darkness.

If you are not going to use it immediately, it can be kept in the refrigerator for 3 days, packed loosely . Do not consume after 3 days even if they look good as germinating seeds are fertile ground for harmful bacterial growth...

Sprouts are a cheap method of obtaining a potent concentration of protein, vitamins, minerals and enzymes. Moong sprouts probably contain the largest amount of nutrients per unit of any food known.  

Eating sprouts is the safest and best way of getting the advantage of complete nutrition for it is LIVE organic food.  It is the safest and best way of getting the advantage of both fruits and vegetables without contamination and harmful insecticides.





Moong beans belong to the pea family , of the Indian Vigna radiate.  This native plant of India It has been cultivated and consumed as a sprout for more than 9000 years, when the rest of the world did NOT know the meaning of cultivation, and were clubbing down animals for food.

When the moong bean is sprouted, there is a tremendous increase in nutrients as compared to the dried embryo.  The vitamins, minerals and protein content substantially increase with a simultaneous decrease in caloric and carbohydrate content.  Pulses and seeds show a very low water content.  This, however, tends to increase tenfold when converted into sprouts.

Here is a scientific study about sprouts:-
Energy content - Kcalories        Decrease 15 percent
Total carbohydrate content        Decrease 15 percent
Protein availability                      Increase 30 percent
Calcium content                         Increase 34 percent
Potassium content                      Increase 80 percent
Sodium content                          Increase 690 percent
Iron content                               Increase 40 percent
Phosphorous content                  Increase 56 percent
Vitamin A content                       Increase 285 percent
Thiamine or Vitamin B1 content         Increase 208 percent
Riboflavin or Vitamin B2 content       Increase 515 percent
Niacin or Vitamin B3 content            Increase 256 percent
Ascorbic acid or Vitamin C content   An infinite increase

The reduction in carbohydrate content indicates molecules being broken down during sprouting to allow absorption of atmospheric nitrogen and re-formation of amino-acids.  The resultant protein is the most easily digestible of all proteins available in foods.

Sprouts supply food in a pre-digested form -- food, which has already been acted upon by enzymes and simplified.  

During sprouting, much of the starch is broken down into simple sugars such as glucose and sucrose.  

Proteins are converted into amino acids and amides.  

Fats and oils are converted into simpler fatty acids .  

Also, most important during sprouting there is a HUGE reduction in the gas producing quality of beans, reducing flatulence--and hence no farting.. This happens due to a massive reduction in content of oligosaccharides .




Sprouts contains both insoluble and water-soluble fiber.  Fiber scrubs your intestinal tract as it makes its way through your digestive system.  It fills you up, sating your appetite.  It is the best natural foods  to counter the acidity.

Water-soluble fiber reduces LDL cholesterol — the bad cholesterol — and reduces risk for cardiovascular disease.


Enzymes that initiate and control most chemical reactions in our body are activated in the sprouting process.  This helps convert proteins into amino acids and starch into glucose.  It drastically increases the value of vitamins.  

This live food rejuvenates body cells and tissues.  It retards the aging process. Sprouts are rich in fibre, protein, minerals, vitamins and enzymes, that’s why, it is a miracle food, as per Ayurveda.

They are the best foods for morbidly obese people with gargantuan bellies to lose weight. Moong spout is literally a living food, only thing is it does not crawl down into your stomach.. 



They are easily digestible, assimilated easily and provide quick energy. . Moong sprouts have a high protein content, and hence are quite popular among vegetarian athletes who don’t get the proteins of non-veg food.


Ladies who hair fall gives them depression, listen up.  Eat sprouted green gram everyday in the morning and within 3 weeks you will see that your hairfall has reduced like magic.




 Sprouted moong is  antioxidant, anti-bacterial,  anti-inflammatory, immune system protective, and anti-carcinogeic.

In 6000 year old Ayurveda , moong sprouts are termed as medicine because of its ability of preserving and promoting health.  I do hope as usual the West does NOT patent this rejuvenating medicine food , as they tried to do with Turmeric and Neem —and of course fell flat on their faces when India contested it..

Micro-nutrients in sprouts reduces the feeling of hungriness.  

Raw or uncooked sprouts has more benefits than cooked one.  If you suffer from digestive and bloating problems, have sprouts regularly .

Fibres fight constipation and improve digestion.  Sprouts contain EFAs, the essential fatty acids that fights infections and also boosts up immune system.

The green sprouts can are a good source of oxygen and this improves blood flow in the body. A cup of raw mung bean sprouts has just 31 calories. It contains contain abundant enzymes, protein, chlorophyll, vitamins, minerals and amino acids.

I eat my sprouts as a salad.  Raw sprouts+  plenty grated fresh coconut meat +  fresh lemon juice + salt to taste + black pepper + grated spring onions + grated fresh carrots + fresh coriander leaves

In the Indian chat Pani Puri sprouts are essential.  It consists of a round, hollow puri, fried crisp and filled with a mixture of spice water . 



Tamarind water , chatpat  tangy chutney, green chili, chaat masala,  mashed potato,  onion , Jeera waer, black rock salt , pudine, coriander leaves and sprouts.  It is small enough to fit completely into one's mouth.  It is a popular Kolkata dish and I had mine on Kidderpore draw bridge on the way to Dharamtalla by tram.  



Customers hold a small plate or bowl (katori) and stand around the vendors cart.  The server then starts making one panipuri at a time and gives one to each individual.  The vendor kept holding a filled up puri as soon as I swallowed the previous one . 

I thought it was part of the deal and had a bit too many, till my friend told me in mE ear, stop when I feel like, as the pricing is based on the count of puris I swallowed. 



Traditionally, panipuris are eaten by placing the entire puri into the mouth in one go and biting into it.  This releases a barrage of amazing tastes and exotic textures into all corners of the mouth and tongue . 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
DOMINO EFFECT IN CHANGE MANAGEMENT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

CONTROLLING  THE DOMINO EFFECT ,  CHAIN REACTION,  SNOW BALL EFFECT,  CASCADE EFFECT, BUTTERFLY EFFECT  , AVALANCHE EFFECT - WITHOUT TEARS --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Two decades ago, I was coming back to the ship after taking my wife and son ashore, for some shopping. 

My ship was due for a crew "articles of agreement" renewal and I was running 15 minutes late, as my cab got stuck in a traffic snarl.

I saw my Chief Officer and Purser coming down the gangway,  as soon as they saw me—and then I knew that something was cooking.

Purser was the first to break the news .  

" Sir, there are three forces who want to meet me, and they have been waiting for 10 minutes in a single confined space .  One is the Shipping Master, the Crew Union boss, and the Company Crewing manager !"

Chief Officer said that they are right now in his day room, waiting for me .

The Purser with 30 years of experience told me “ It is very rare that these diverse "cobra and mongoose" forces sit together , so something important will be discussed?

My Container ship had just come back from USA East Coast , Canada and Mediterranean. It was an uneventful voyage.

Pretty soon , I had the gentlemen in my cabin . 

All the three accepted a chilled beer. This does NOT happen at sea.  For the crew will think that they have been sold out.

In this public sector undertaking shipping company ( SCI ), the crew is highly unionized and pretty rotten. It was almost impossible to sack a sailor as the unions were militant and too strong—coupled with weak resistance.

This was one of the sole reasons why many Captains left the company and went to foreign companies, where your word is law –you are more powerful than a dictator.  One bad report and the sailor is OUT.

I really cannot explain how bad this situation was those days. 

I was a Captain for 9 years in this bullshit system where the PRAJA literally rules over the RAJA.  

They wrangled excessive overtime ( money ) for doing little or NO work.  If it was denied they would go slow while shutting the hatch covers in rain or cleaning a hold or tank for the next cargo. 

The unions terrorized the company  with flash strikes.  Nobody dared to call the bluff. 

The unions even poured acid on the face of one of the Shipping Masters' in front of a crowd and nothing happened to them,  as they had political support.   

Really I should NOT be telling all this.  So I wont add anymore.

We had a system of “disciplinary loggings” – which every Captain exercised . But all these loggings had no value.  The Official log book was full of disciplinary log entries. The Captain could NOT make any adverse remarks on the sailor's CDC in the ability and conduct column

So it was the shipping master show spoke first “ Captain, you have NOT logged down a single sailor for 9 years. Yet, we know that your ship is the most efficient one in the SCI fleet . Your alleyways are cleaner , your crew output is more,  they say you give them good food , take care of them -- so much they even refuse to pay HAFTA to the unions ( usual thing )”

So the union leader chips in “ Captain saab, your crew is happy with you though you do NOT allow them to ARYAA bond ( cigarettes , whisky etc ) to smuggler boats who come in by the droves at the anchorage. We have this information from the Customs as you have put checks and stoppers.”

And then the company crewing manager asks me “ What do you do that the other Captains do NOT do. It is almost impossible to figure out why your crew works more when you give them just 25% of the overtime the other Captains give . As you can see it is impossible for the 3 of us to sit together with any other Captain having a beer just before article change , when fake grievances will come forth from crew for financial compensation ?”

Hard pressed for an answer I just told them “ I learnt early in life as a young officer  that  that sweetness is mistaken for weakness at sea .  And another thing to go with this is – knowledge is power”

I was at sea during times of huge CHANGE.  The dry cargo ships were getting phased out and new sophisticated oil tankers were coming in. 

None of the old timers had experience on tankers.  So in my young days we cadets ran the ship, as our officers and Captain did NOT have any tanker experience . We were bright and young and fast on the uptake. Knowing more than others was a habit , out of compulsion.  

For if something went wrong during loading –say—a hydraulic valve got stuck, we young cadets had to solve the problem, by reading the manual.  And we were good at it, as we went on board ships by merit, after passing an all India exam ( Dufferin ).

This can be projected by a simple example. I was just 2 months at sea, log promoted to Third Mate. The ship was discharging 90,000 tonnes of Iranian crude oil at Bharati Dock Chennai.  

At 1800 hours I handed over watch to the 2nd Officer ( via his cadet ).   Things got delayed a bit and  I was in the shore leave boat after a quick bath by 1835.

Later on, the next day evening the Captain’s wife told me this story. 

It seems Chief officer told the boatman to shove off  the quay.  There were 3 ladies in the boat— Captain’s , Chief Engineer’s and of course Chief Officers’s wife.   All of them had been sitting for 15 minutes already and the boat was supposed to leave the ship at 1815.

The boatman just told the Chief Officer off  “The young 18 year old cadet saab (Third Officer ) will come down soon.  I will wait till he gets into the boat”

Chief Officer tried to twist his arm by saying that the Cadet is the smallest rank on the ship, and the top ranks are waiting with their wives—so he must shove off –or else BLAH BLAH ”

The Tamilian boatman then  went to the Captain and told him on the face “ Saar, we all know who runs that ship.  The Cadet may be small in rank,  but he knows the ship better than all of you.  Patience!”

And then there was sullen silence all around,  you could cut the air in the boat with a knife -- with some crew sniggering .

So what I meant to say is that I grew up in an atmosphere of constant CHANGE.  And I can say that change was very poorly managed, causing most of the crew and officers severe problems at sea.

I have put a post on change already.

Read it,  for it will come in handy for what follows.

Punch into Google search CHANGE MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL

If you just Google  "change management" you will see 1.3 BILLION ( 1300 million ) posts on change management.  The above post will be better by miles, than all of them.  




No, I am NOT being cocky. 

This is the type of confidence 30 years as ship captain can give you. Once a ship sails out the sailors are isolated.  The captain is responsible for them all the 24 hours in a day , for every single thing , almost like mother hen.

I have deliberately omitted DOMINO EFFECT in above post , for it requires some amount of wisdom, or it will be like giving a match stick to a dang monkey.

What is domino effect?

Watch this video, first.




As you can see a tiny finger push can down something as big as a World Trade Centre, building.





I once attended a company seminar. I was to be the captain of a new French oil and chemical company ship. But they call in many company officers who are on  leave—and most of them come as this is the chance to stay at company expense in a 7 star hotel for a couple of days, and wine and dine with long lost friends. 

So the Director of the company takes out his company magazine and tells the audience. “Can anybody tell how the magazine if different from the others you have seen in your life?” 

When it came to me without opening up the magazine I said “ PASS, since I am the Captain designate of your ship, I will answer last.”.   Pretty soon it came to me.  

Everybody else had failed to find the right answer.  

So I had a cursory glance and said “ Your company magazine is about the people you employ and interact with ”. 

The answer was right, and so I got some some applause. Yes, organizations can’t exist without people.  People make the difference in every business. 

To achieve a high performing culture, the right type of people must be recruited , engaged and retained.  A leader who suffers incompetence is himself incompetent.

You must realize that every organizations is an interconnected system . Change in one area has a direct impact on other areas.

Regardless of how long it took you to set up the pieces, once you push that first small piece over, it takes seconds to cause a change reaction that brings everything to the ground. You don’t need to go around pushing all of them.  If you have to do that you are NOT a bright leader of men.  


Above : A stupid leader .
Once a leader has set up the dominos the way he wants , he will not allow anybody to change or adjust anything without consulting him. At the same time he will take care to prevent a negative domino effect by placing buffers at places he chooses and by avoiding a linear sequence .  He must make sure the changes, or the people making the changes, aren’t like a bull in a china shop.



Above: A wise leader.  In reality he does NOT do it himself. He causes the next domino to anticipate this crash and create a buffer space  OR  he gives him more weight .

A ship is unlike a shore industry. People usually come for a short contract of 4 months. The leader must know the pitfalls of such an arrangement where suddenly he loses a valuable member and gains a suspect member who needs to be familiarized..  Delegation works abdication does not.

Implementing change includes communication,  creating employee commitment, and measurement with feedback systems . It is important to remain flexible and open to adapting the structures and processes .  Commitment will not come unless employees understand why the changes are happening and how and where they fit into making them successful.



 Above: An a$$hole of a leader who cant think for nuts.


Put your people first , during times of change.  Challenge them, engage them, and support them. Provide for your team and they will provide for you. .  Even though the pieces to your business aren’t actually plastic dominoes,  you should treat them as such in your mind. 

Because once the dominoes start to fall , putting the same pieces back , as good as new, will be almost impossible and it takes a long time to set them back up.




Can you believe this?

The domino theory was a theory was used by USA to justify war against an unsuspecting country. During the 1950s to 1980s,  they speculated in a mindless manner that if country came under the influence of communism, then the surrounding countries would follow in a domino effect.  The domino theory was used by successive United States administrations during the Cold War to justify the need for American intervention around the world.  

The US President  Eisenhower was the first to refer to countries in danger of Communist takeover as dominoes,  in response to a journalist's question about Indochina in an April 7, 1954 news conference.  In addition to protecting free states, of course, this intervention would also ensure that the United States would have a toehold , then a foot hold and soon the driver’s seat is making moolah out of this “would have fallen like a domino” country’s economy.


So this is what President Eisenhower said in Aug 1953,  "If Indochina goes, several things happen right away. The Malayan peninsula, the last little bit of the end hanging on down there, would be scarcely defensible ... all India would be outflanked. Burma would certainly, in its weakened condition, be no defense." Eisenhower acknowledged that it would be possible to stop this chain of events by major intervention even after Indochina fell, but he said that halting the process at any later point would be more expensive than stopping it in Indo china BLAH BLAH BLAH “

Below:  US airforce planes spraying deadly AGENT ORANGE on the Vietnamese.



The domino theory was basically a call for the United States to pick South Vietnam as the place to take a stand against communism (sic). 



So do you know what happened?



Punch into google search AND THE WINNER IS VADAKAYIL






This US bullshit theory held that if South Vietnam went communist, next would be Laos, Cambodia, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Burma , India and so on. The feeling was that unless the US took a stand in Viet Nam to beat back communism, the forward march would be inexorable. 

The Domino Theory states that every failure is in fact a series of failures that play upon each other-- a physical cause that’s triggered by a human cause, which is in turn fed by a latent cause.


In the 1977 US President Richard Nixon defended America's destabilization of the Salvador Allende regime in Chile on domino theory grounds.  Borrowing a metaphor he had heard, he stated that a Communist Chile and Cuba would create a "red sandwich" that could entrap Latin America between them.  In the 1980s, the domino theory was used again to justify the Reagan administration's interventions in Central America and the Caribbean region.

In the 2003 invasion of Iraq neoconservatives argued that by invading Iraq a democratic government could be implemented, which would then help spread democracy and liberalism across the Middle East; this has often been referred to as a "reverse domino theory".


DID I NOT WARN YOU , THAT THE DOMINO THEORY IN THE HANDS OF A MONKEY,  IS LIKE A MATCH STICK..



An important characteristic of the Dominic Effect is that the initial change should be minor.  For example the moment the price of crude oil is raised  by the OPEC countries, the other countries will also immediately revise their prices , and costs of everything jacks up, sooner than later.

In the stock market , when a company makes an announcement  to issue bonus the immediate reaction is that the price of the company shares will rise quickly. This is because the mere announcement  indicates that the future stock earnings are going to be high. The investors look at maximizing their profit and invest in this profit making company, while actually they would be in the red. Because of the increase in the demand of  this company's share the price of the shares rise. 



Conversely if a mischief maker uses “paid up media” and spreads the rumors of the  company's  bankruptcy,  within no time the investors will withdraw ALL their investments from that company's share and the price of the share will fall down drastically.  



This is how Rothschild make an ass out of the naive John Bulls after the Battle of Waterloo. Nathan Rothschild received a message from a long distance carrier pigeon and first spread the rumour that England lost . 


After he mopped up all the shares in the stock market ( panic selling ) for a song , he then broke the news that England won,  and Napoleon lost.  After this England has always been in Rothschild's pocket.





A business organization will spend  years, setting up the pieces together in a pattern that yields growth.  Then at one point – some idiot adjusts or replaces one of those pieces and that change inadvertently knocks over the other pieces – and it causes  the domino effect. 

Organizationally, the domino effect can be caused by the replacement or addition of new technology- it could be an acquisition, or downsizing of the organization. A simple variable can be both cause and effect. Reality will not be still. And it cannot be taken apart!



A chain reaction is self propagating and self sustaining.  


In a chain reaction, positive feedback leads to a “self-amplifying chain” of events.  This is the principle for nuclear reactors and atomic bombs with amazing output power. . If a reaction results in a small energy release making way for more energy releases in an expanding chain, then the system will typically collapse explosively until much or all of the stored energy has been released. This reaction cannot be reversed.



A cascading failure, a failure in a system of interconnected parts,  ( example a power transmission grid ), where the service provided depends on the sure operation of a preceding part,  and the failure of a preceding part can trigger the failure of ALL successive parts.  In a cascading effect, there is a dimension of hierarchy, i.e. it goes from top to bottom, so that one domino can topple several dominos below it, and they will topple others below them.  

The Domino effect is a wonderful metaphor to talk about what happens in organizations and teams - where both good attitudes and the bad ones have a tendency to cascade rather percolate.

The Butterly effect is explained in the Vedas and this is the reason why Hindus do Agnihotra Yagna .  The Stonehenge on which Agnihotra was done , was made by the Indian Aryans (Dryuhus ) who migrated outwards after the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC. . 

In modern Quantum physics it is proved that  when a butterfly flaps it’s tiny wings, it produces a domino effect a sequence of events in the atmospheric resonance and trajectory. Leading to potential events disrupting the equilibrium, and balance of nature, such as the potential to cause a tornado.

We as humans, also have the capacity to create the Butterfly Effect.  Our thoughts, the frequencies, the vibrational resonance we operate from, can alter, and determine our physical surroundings, and external space. In Quantum Physics, the theory being that thought waves produce particles, as demonstrated by the “Double slit experiment “.

The common analogy is with the rolling of a small ball of snow down a snow-covered hillside, as it rolls the ball will pick up more snow, gaining more mass and surface area, and picking up even more snow and momentum as it rolls along. Those individuals who fall into addiction are victims of the snowball effect.
The avalanche effect is where one small change causes other changes in the system that are more significant. Even the loud sound of a gunshot can trigger an avalanche.



Change can be defined as an alteration in the existing field of forces which tends to affect the equilibrium.  Change is inevitable in the history of any organization.  Organizations introduce changes through people.  A change agent is a person  who acts as a catalyst and assumes the responsibility for managing the change process.  Organizational development is a term used to described a variety of change-oriented activities.

I used to work in a Norwegian company before, the largest Chemical company in the world at that time.  They splurged big and we used to have our seminars ( 5 days of cocktails and fun ) at Al Sharm resort in Egypt,  where the US presidents have their pleasure jaunts and  meetings with world leaders.   

One day a pumpman forgot to shut a valve and few litres of some liquid chemical went to the water in a European port.   This company with hundreds of ships is no more— as they have outsourced whatever ships they have remaining..

All of you know what happened to mighty Exxon right?

In order for any change to be effective, it is necessary to ensure that the change gets integrated in the organization, it is stabilized, and it becomes a part of the organizational working.  Change is, therefore, a very complex process.  You cant build a sky scraper on poor foundation and push your luck with a horse shoe for ever.



Let me end with a true story—a message for sailors who read this .

At sea , to claim insurance and to protect the back sides of the shore bosses we have doctored software for accidents .  

We are forced to lump ROOT CAUSE analysis tools, where as soon as the blame comes on the sailor's incompetence or negligence , it stops .  And then the poor sailor is victimised.

So why did the third mate have a collision?

The root cause arrives by the RCA software says he slept on the bridge , which is a crime, and the third mate did NOT follow watch keeping company orders as per the manual.

You sailors must take this further.

Here is a true case , of an European Third mate, who sailed with me. 

Why did the third mate fall asleep?---He could NOT sleep in his rest hours. 

Why could he not sleep?-- Because he was very worried 

Why was he worried ?-- Because his best friend told him that his wife was seen in a pick up bar. 

Why was his wife --? --because her husband has NOT send his allotment for past 3 months. 

Why did the allotment --- ? --because the company did not remit the allotment. 

Why did the company---? --because the owners dis not send the funds despite 10 reminders. 

SO THE ROOT CAUSE IS -- THE RICH SHIP OWNER DID NOT SEND FUNDS.



Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
UPANAYANAM SACRED THREAD CEREMONY OF BRAHMINS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

UPANAYANAM , POONOOL , SACRED THREAD WORN BY BRAHMINS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I will keep this post short and simple,  because that is all there is to it..   

Upanayana is a very simple sacred thread ceremony where the concept of BrahmAn of Advaita Sanatana Dharma is introduced to a young Brahmin boy.  

BrahmAn is the morphogenetic consciousness field , or the empty intelligent space ( akasha field ) within the atom, where the electrons whizz around.  A single electron jumps an orbit and everything changes.



Upa means near and nayanam means eye so this ceremony refers to bringing the ultimate Truth into eyes and ears.

The thread is worn on the left shoulder and falls on the right side below the waist. The thread is worn on the left shoulder crossing the 3 nadis ( pinagala / sushumna / ida ) for the centering effect . You may be surprised to know that a severe pain on your right hip  can be cured by acupressure of a spot on your left shoulder blade.

The Sacred Thread Ceremony signifies a young brahmin boy's formal entrance into the first stage of life as a student—a ritual telling him that he is now come to age ( to learn the holy Vedas..)



The thin consecrated sacred thread has three strands . One each for Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva ( Tamas, sattwa, rajas ).  It signifies the universal wisdom of the eternal and timeless Sanatana Dharma. The strand lay goes upwards.

The  meaning is too profound for words.

It shows how the various dual opposite poles of the cosmos are connected and mediated via consciousness.  If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution. One pole ( conscious ) cannot exist without the other pole (subconscious) and they are mutually dependant .  The balance of dual poles of the cosmos can never be permanent, and the opposing energies of life devour each other – and life flows on.  




The 3 pronged trishul or trident of Shiva symbolises this ( Dwaita Hinduism ) .

Educating a student to become a brahmin usually started with the Upanayanam (initiation) ceremony while he was still young,  around the age of 8.   The position of favourable planets has NOTHING to do with this simple ceremony.

After being initiated, the potential student would generally leave his family and home behind to go and live in a far-off gurukul for several decades to learn the Vedas .

The boy's father becomes his GURU and whispers into his ears this powerful Gayatri mantra.

If anybody wants to know what a Mantra is – punch into Google search THE POWER OF MANTRA ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS VADAKAYIL

The sacred thread  Upanayanam ( Malayalam and Sanskrit ) is a white hand-spun cotton thread also called Poonool  in Tamil.

The birth anniversary of Adi Sankaracharya ( 2000 BC )  is celebrated in Tirupati and Tirumala amidst a mass ‘Upanayanam’ (thread ceremony) for eligible Brahmin boys.

Even modern Brahmins do NOT know what they are doing nowadays , and they make this simple ceremony deliberately complicated.



By the way Wikipedia ( controlled by forces jealous of Hinduism ) is NOT the forum to gain any knowledge about Sanatana Dharma rituals.   Also there a Hindu sites on the internet run by Christian missionaries and Dalit followers of BR Ambedkar , who are enemies of Hindusim where they inject poison.  

Dalit of the of  Mahar sect , BR Ambedkar , who converted to Buddhism along with his caste , started wearing this sacred thread after propaganda with white Christian invader that Buddhists are entitled to wear poonool  where the three threads represents the three gems of Buddhism - Buddha,  Dharma and Sangha -- Oh boy!
  


Above: Worshipful modern day Buddha -- in Buddhists robes .   Frame it and pray to it --salvation may be around the corner !!!!


Mahars were manual scavengers of dry latrines.  BR Ambedkar wanted his Mahars to bathe in the same pond , as where the Hindu temple idol derived its pure and holy theertham water . 

The Christian invader supported him--rather instigated such rabble rousing.  BR Ambedkar would NOT  agree that hygiene matters. All are NOT tolerant to E Coli.




BR Ambedkar along with the British invader converted Buddha ( a mere mortal of Hindu gotra Gautama )  into the 9th avatar of Vishnu.   

All to drive fissures into Hinduism,  for “divide and rule” !.  

What a disgrace!  
********************************************************************
KOLAM DESIGNS , INAUDIBLE MANTRAS VIDE VISUAL CYMATICS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
EPHEMERAL FRACTAL GEOMETRY OF KOLAM ,  MIND OVER MATTER ,  LONGITUDINAL SOUND WAVE HARMONICS , QUANTUM CONSCIOUSNESS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Kolam is an Indian art form of drawing designs with rice flour.  Kolam is seen adorning the doorsteps of every traditional Hindu home in southern India.  Millions of south Indian women get up before sunrise , clean the area in front of their main gate and then wash the place by sprinkling water. 

Then they take a bath and draw intricate designs with rice powder.  These created patterns have been passed on generation to generation, from mothers to daughters.  Today the modern women neglect to do this, as they do NOT know what this is all about.


They are drawn  around a grid of 108 dots , which serve as the skeletal structure for the kolam. .  Lines are drawn, connecting the dots or around them, very often in a single, continuous curve. As soon as the job is done small birds start eating the rice powder, and they are NOT shooed away. .  In the ancient days Kolam designs had fixed rules that result in intriguing patterns using line, dots, circles, squares, triangles. 


Kolam is a visible sound mantra--

outside the human audio range.


If  you punch KOLAM into Google search , you will get 46 millions posts. There are thousands of books written on Kolam-- 

ALL BULL. 

Unlearn what is in your head and read on.


Before I go into prose ,  I want you to watch these 3 videos.  

This will give you an idea how sound looks to the eyes, using our sense of sight. 


Kolam designs were unearthed on 8000 year old Saraswati river civilization pottery.  Cymatics of audible mantras which were known to Vedic maharshis is now discerned by modern science .




Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision. There is a direct phonetic link between longitudinal wave sound and visual signs.




Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace. Mantras resonate your pineal gland .  Pineal glands of Vedic seers were the size of a lemon.   Ours in this 21st century is the size of dried raisin .  

Mantras reprogramme your DNA.  

The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves, faster than light.   

A mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.




Sanskrit is used in Hindu mantras .People under estimate sound of music so much.  Longitudinal sound wave is everything!!  Waves , particles are all sound of music.

You must know that the human audio band is very narrow, between 20 hz to 20, 000 hz.  Even the OM , the Hindu king mantra sound is inaudible as it is 7.83 hertz.

OM is the sound of the BUZZ of a million high volt transformers.  We utter a harmonic of OM , as only then we can hear it.  

Hinduism of 9000 BC, is older than other religions by thousand of years .  OM has been doctored by Christianity to be AMEN.   Judiasm  uses SHALOM.   Islam used 786, which is drawing OM symbol and showing it into a mirror.   None of these doctored versions work.

Even in the audible range, your powerful  sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches.   Next time you hear a sound of a person , even on the phone , visualize who it could be.

Matter is created from vibrations.


An act of simple observation as shown in the double slit experiment is an action of consciousness—as expounded in the Vedas..  A “particle” observation would momentarily “freeze” the molecules’ positions, resulting in the appearance of thought.

IF YOU ARE NOT SHOCKED OUT OF YOUR PANTS  BY THE "QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT" VIDEO BELOW,  IT MEANS YOU HAVE NOT UNDERSTOOD IT.





"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense."  - Werner Heisenberg (German Physicist, Nobel Prize winner 1932 for creation of Quantum Mechanics )


The absence of the kolam in front of a house could indicate several possibilities: that the household is not Hindu, or that some negative event has occurred in that household such as a death.

Sanskrit is the only language which is divine as it originated from the 12 strand DNA of seers.  Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised.  It can be adapted to Backus-Naur Form grammar that is used to describe modern computer programming languages today. The mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary power . 

There is a direct link between the sound and signs,it is phonetic. Sanskrit has no spelling, nor there are any silent letters . There is logic in its sound system, and a natural continuity in its word-making as well as sentence-making.

For mantras words must unfold from seed forms and there must be natural continuity is word making and sentence making.  Mantra sounds must have vibration and resonance.  Sanskrit mantras vibrate the DNA and pineal gland and raises human consciousness. Mantras must begin and end with OM or AUM . 



Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.



The cymatics of OM is the Sri Yantra whose angle is used to construct the Egyptian pyramids.  The etymology of the Hindu word “mandala” suggests not just a circle but a container of essence.. The Sri Yantra was revealed to Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands in 8000 BC, and it construction is based on the golden mean of 1.618.   



 


Italian Fibonacci’s series was stolen from the Arabic translations of the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Sri Yantra geometry contains the theory of everything.

OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.  OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  Tantric Kolams are drawn , before Agnihotra fire rituals.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance.

Consciousness is a form of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness.  On the subatomic level—mind is over matter.  The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.  Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player. Feelings and thoughts would show the same type of duality as waves and particles. 



The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable. Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe.

Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morpogenetic or brahmAn , the supreme force  as per Advaita Hindusm--just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.

In the Ramayana of 4300 BC, Rince Lakshman the brother of Sri Rama, draws a kolam line around Sita the wife and tell her that as long as she is inside the perimeter NO harm can come to her.   When Laxman was guarding Sita, she insisted that he go into the forest to investigate the cause of a cry of pain that sounded like her husband Rama’s. 



She, of course crossed them when Ravana, the demon-king of Lanka, exhorted her to give him alms, and was consequently kidnapped.  But till the time she was within the confines of the Laxman Rekha, the protective mandala drawn by Laxmana,  Ravan couldn’t touch her.



Today’s kolams are a pathetic reflection of the perception of life in the distant past, where the cosmic forces at work were looked at with awe and reverence, fear and hope. If you have a cat as a pet, you can see that it loves to sleep within the kolam.

Perhaps we should draw a Lakshman Rekha around India to prevent entry of GM food multinationals whose crops yield STERILE SEEDS forcing farmers to source seeds from them. 




Our corrupt "lobbied up" ministers have allowed them into India . 
********************************************************************
RAZAKARS OF MIM , OPERATION POLO TO ANNEX HYDERABAD TO INDIAN UNION , 17TH SEPT 1948 – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CHIEF OF RAZAKARS QASIM RAZVI  OF MAJLIS ITTEHADUL MUSLIMEEN ,  SURRENDER OF LAST NIZAM OF HYDERABAD OSMAN ALI KHAN ASIF JAH VII ,   ARMY ACTION BY SARDAR VALLABHAI PATEL-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The British had declared that the last Nizam of Hyderabad was the richest man on this planet. Would you like to know how he got all his wealth. 

Punch into Google search RUINED CITY OF HAMPI VADAKAYIL

The spin was that he got all his wealth from the fabulous Golconda mines. There was a propaganda that Kohinoor diamond was mined from Golcona.  



Sorry- Kohinoor was Lord Krishna's diamond Syamanatakam of 4300 BC.  It was a dowry gift, and has a curse, the reason why the Brits are hand to mouth now.

The diamonds of Golconda mines were known since antiquity. The hindu king of the Kakatiya dynasty (who built the Golconda fort) , came across a shepherd boy with an idol which has huge diamonds for eyes in 1143, and mining started in earnest.



Later the diamond mines fell in the hands of the Islamic invaders Bahmani Sultanat in 1364.  Then it passed over to the Qutab Shahi kings who made Golconda their capital till 1590 . 

Then the mines were under Emperor Aurangazeb for a while. By the time the Nizam’s Asaf Jah dynasty  ( 1725-1948 ) came into power the open mines were depleted. 

The OPEN diamond mines known as the Kollur mines, were situated around 100 miles east of Golconda, on the right bank of the Krishna river, west of Chintapilly.

The Razakars were a private merceneray militia organized by a hard core Islamist and rabid pro-Pakistani Qasim Razvi to support the rule of Nizam Osman Ali Khan, Asaf Jah VII and resist the integration of Hyderabad State into the Dominion of India.  

They also attempted to make the Nizam accede his princely state to Pakistan instead of India.



The Razakars were affiliated to the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen political party.  From 15th August 1947 till 13th Sept 1948 , the date Operation Polo initiated by Home minister Sardar Valabhai Patel started there was violent ethnic cleansing in the state of Hyderabad, where the ruthless Razakers terrorized the Hindus to drive them away.  

Muslims were only 11% of the population while Hindus were 88%.


There has been a proper head count that during the height of the Razakar ethnic cleanisng carnage , over 32,000 Hindu civilians had taken shelter in the Secunderabad Military cantonment alone to escape certain death at the hands of the marauding Razakars..

The same type ethnic cleansing  was witnessed in Kashmir too on the hapless Kashmiri Pandits.

If you want to know what happened in Kashmir,  punch into Google search -

THE KASHMIR CONFLICT VADAKAYIL


There are two types of Muslims in India.

The first type are patriots and they are Indians first and then Muslims. They are happy here.

The second type are Muslims first and Pakistanis at heart.  They hate India, despite knowing that if Pakistan or Bangladesh will have Hindu Presidents,  Hindu Chief Justice,  Hindu Chiefs of Armed forces ,  Hindu Union ministers etc, the sun will rise in the west.   We call them DESH DROHIS.

On 8th Aug 1012,  the usually soft spoken and level headed Asaduddin Owaisi , the leader of All india Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen while debating the Assam riots in the Lok Sabha , raised his voice and shouted in a inflamed manner  -

QUOTE If proper rehabilitation does not take place, you be ready for a third wave of radicalization among Muslim youth UNQUOTE.



Above: Asaduddin Owaisi on the left, and his brother Akbaruddin Owaisi on the right.

Nothing could be done as he used the safety net of a democratic Parliament to declare this.

NDTV gives Asaduddin Owaisi space on prime time .  Barkha Dutt gives space to Kashmiri secessionists on prime time too.  I have NOT yet seen NDTV giving space to a Kashmiri Pundit.

As if on cue 3 days later on 12th Aug 2012,  more than 45,000 Muslims rioted near CST railway station in the heart of Mumbai.  45 policemen were grievously injured .  Three media camera men were bashed up severely.  Dozens of police vehicles, media vehicles were set on fire.



The Amar Jawan memorial in the heart of Mumbai was destroyed .  This memorial is for hundreds of Muslim Jawans too.  Muslim goons with AK 47 were openly roaming around , taunting the police wielding lathis.  



Policewomen’s clothes were torn. . Little did they know that they were being filmed for identification and inclusion in a seditious desh drohi database.



The Indian intelligence agencies after checking their hidden video cameras, soon found out as expected , that the main protagonists of the violence were the displaced off springs of the Razakers who shaved their beards off and ran away from Hyderabad to escape severe backlash retribution from Hindus after Nizam’s surrender at Hyderabad on 17th Sept 1948.  



The Mumbai riots were well orchestrated and executed and was not a spontaneous rush of blood affair over hurt sentiments.




Representatives of Raza Academy ( organizer of the rally ) , All India Sunni Jamaitul Ulema, All India Sunni Ayema-e-Masajid, Jamaat-E- Razae Mustafa and 20 other Sunni Muslim groups said they felt "deeply ashamed" over the 12th Aug 2012 Mumbai riots and they condemned it. 

President of the Raza Academy Alhaj Mohammed Saeed Noori Sahab said the “miscreants” involved in the violence were not associated with the academy. “Our protest was peaceful,” he said.





Asaduddin Owaisi is the President of the party, All India Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen since 2008.  

Firebrand Akbaruddin Owaisi is the younger brother of Asaduddin Owaisi.   He is an MLA of the Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly. He too belongs to All India Majlis-e Ittihad al-Muslimin and is its floor leader in Andhra Pradesh Legislative Assembly.



In 2007, Akbaruddin threatened to carry out the fatwa to kill Salman Rushdie and behead Taslima Nasreen if they ever visited Hyderabad.

In 2011, Akbaruddin said in the safety net of the assembly that he would have killed P V Narasimha Rao with his own hands had he not died.

Then on 24 December 2012, at Adilabad he thundered to a cheering crowd, that the 250 million Muslims of India needed only 15 minutes ( if the police will stand aside ) to show one billion Hindus of India who is more powerful. 




Enough was enough .

Akbaruddin was arrested  on 8 January 2013, and was housed in the Adilabad district jail for 40 days before being released on bail on 16 February 2013.  He is under trial and is accused of sedition, criminal conspiracy, spreading communal hatred, waging war against India and some other charges.

Burhanuddin Owaisi is the editor of the local urdu daily "Etemad".

Now , who is Akbaruddin and Asaduddin and Burhanuddin?

They are sons of 6 time Lok Sabha MP from Hyderabad Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi, who died in Sept 2008.



The United State Consul General in Hyderabad Cornelis M Keur and the Iranian Consul General were among the dignitaries who attended the funeral.



Above: I guess the man in the middle needs NO introduction.  His father YSR allegedly used state funds to convert Hindus to Christianity.

Now who is Salahuddin Owaisi?



Above: Abdul Wahid Owaisi on left and Salahuddin Owaisi on right.

He is the son of Abdul Wahid Owaisi, who was handpicked by the founder of the Razakar merceneries Qasim Razvi .  

Qasim Razvi , the self appointed “Field Marshall” of the Razakars was allowed to go to Pakistan by PM Nehru after he completed his incarceration , for charges of master minding the Hindu ethnic cleansing.  

Qasim Razvi whose Razakars outnumbered the Nizam’s military has shown contempt and disobeyed the Nizam of Hyderabad,  several times before Operation Polo started on 13th Sept 1948.

After he came out of jail Qasim Razvi on 11th Sept 1957, chose the same date 18th Sept anniversary to leave for Pakistan.  He was given 48 hours to leave India by Nehru.  He held a press conference and declared that he has no future in India.

Qasim Razvi summoned a meeting of the general body of the MIM party.  Only about 39 of the 140 members responded to the invitation.  Rest kept away as they did NOT want to be associated with this “Pakistani at heart ex-leader” who had grabbed leadership under suspicious cirumstances in the past.

In the meeting Qasim Razvi invited leading members of the MIM Party to take up the Presidentship of the party.  All were scared and no one came forward.  Qasim Razvi was so disappointed that he declared that he was willing to offer the job to any male Muslim above the age of twelve, in sheer exasperation.  

Abdul Wahed Owaisi a young lawyer, was not even associated with the Majlis at that time and was just there out of curiosity.  He was the youngest among those present at that meeting . Everyone present there said that they were too old for the job and wanted someone younger to take over.  

It was then Abdul Wahed Owaisi stepped forward and said he was willing to head the organisation. 

Immediately Nawab Mir Khader Ali Khan Abul-Ulai proposed Abdul Wahed Owaisi’s name and Qasim Razvi himself seconded it.

This was how  Abdul Wahid Owaisi , the grandfather of Asaduddin Owaisi  , was chosen as the president of the MIM Party- the party of the Razakars.  

Abdul Wahid Owaisi was initially kept in solitary confinement in prison for 11 months for taking charge of a banned party MIM, before Nehru relented and offered him the post of Union Minister, which he refused.

Abdul Wahid Owaisi, then framed the new constitution of MIM as per Indian law and renamed it as all India majlis-e-ittehadul muslimeen.

He got the headquarters of MIM after a legal battle of 12 years from the Indian government, and during the last days of Abdul Wahed Owaisi , his son Sultan Salahuddin Owaisi took complete command of AIMIM in 1975 , and thus referred to as Salar E Millat ( The Commander of the Islamic community) .  

In 1960, during Salahuddin leadership AIMIM made its full-fledged entry in politics by capturing the Mallepally seat of Hyderabad Municipal Corporation by defeating M. M. Hashim of Indian National Congress.

Qasim Razvi expected a tumultuous welcome in Pakistan and anticipated a meteoric rise to even take over the mantle from Mohammed Ali Jinnah, from whom he took instructions, to undermine the Nizam.  


Asked which side his Razakars would take if Pakistan and India had a war, Qasim Razvi had answered : “Wherever Muslim interests are affected, our interest and sympathy will go out.  Even if Muslim interests are affected in hell, our heart will go out in sympathy “.

Qasim Razvi  was the macho Islamic hero who warned Sardar Patel that " if India invaded Hyderabad nothing but the bones and ashes of 10.5 million Hindus would be found ".  Unfazed Sardar Patel had responded “If you threaten us with violence, swords will be met with swords"

 

Above: Qasim Razvi .

Poor guy received no reception in Pakistan, not even recognition. 

He set up his modest legal practice amongst the refugees from India in Karachi.  One of my Pakistani officer’s lawyer father said he hardly made any money. 

Qasim Razvi , once more powerful than the Nizam , died at the age of sixty-seven on 15 January 1970, unwept in a land far distant from Hyderabad , which he had dreamt about making an independent Islamic kingdom.

Qasim Razvi was initially the pet of the Nizam.  

The Nizam actually authourised Qasim Razvi, the then leader of the radical Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) Party, to set up  the mercenary force of the Razakers and gave him the funds.   It takes a lot of money to pay 2 lakh merceneries which included Arabs, Rohillas, North Indian Muslims and Pathans.  




Above: Qasim Razvi with his ruthless Razakars , who would  gouge out eyes , to terrorise Hindus.

Every Razakar had to take pledge that he would lay down his life for the leader and the party and he would fight to the last to maintain the Muslim hegemony in the State

The Nizams army was just 25% of the Razakar force and this army was commanded by Major General El Edroos, an Arab, who leaked information to Rothschild, who gave it to Mountbatten..  



Above: The Nizam's Arab Commander in Chief -- a useless fellow.

But then Qasim soon got drunk with power ,  after receiving support from Jinnah and he started to undermine the Nizam with the PM Mir Laik Ali support.   Nizam could only wring his hands in frustration. 

Qasim Razvi exhorted his Razakars to remember that Muslims had conquered India by sword and that they were destined to rule. A young Muslim journalist, Shoebullah Khan was murdered by the Razakars because he wrote in favour of State’s integration with India. 

Muslims who did NOT like Pakistan also participated in large numbers in the struggle against the Nizam. "The famous and influential sufi from Gulbarga, Sajjad Darga Bande Nawaz, spoke against the Razakars.


Nizam was afraid for his own life and was relieved when Operation Polo finally ended.  Nizam, Osman Ali Khan, Asif Jah VII,  had 28 sons and 44 daughters and had got used to ze good life. There was no way he would have agreed to receive Nehru and Patel at the airport later .

The Nizam told Patel face to face , “To err is human!”  . To which Patel replied acidly “ Yes, it may be true but  errors always have consequences”.



Above: Nawab with Patel.

Here is a transcript of the radio broadcast after surrender to India by Nizam. It was the Nizam's first ever visit to the radio station. 



The Nizam of Hyderabad, in his shocking radio speech on 23 September 1948, said  " In November last [1947],  a small group which had organized a quasi-military organization surrounded the homes of my Prime Minister, the Nawab of Chhatari, in whose wisdom I had complete confidence, and of Sir Walter Monkton, my constitutional Adviser, by duress compelled the Nawab and other trusted ministers to resign and forced the Laik Ali Ministry on me.  This group headed by Qasim Razvi had no stake in the country or any record of service behind it.  By methods reminiscent of Hitlerite Germany it took possession of the State, spread terror ... and rendered me completely helpless."



Above: Nizam with Nehru after the surrender.


Mir Laik Ali the last PM of Hyderabad was disloyal and contemptuous to the Nizam .  He was appointed on 1st December 1947 due to manipulation by Qasim Razvi who started wearing a Field Marshall’s uniform. 

Mir was an engineer who had become an industrialist.  At the time of his appointment, he was the Representative of Pakistan in the United Nations. He was loyal to Pakistan , NOT to Nizam.  He knew nothing about governance and took orders from Qasim Razvi.



Above : Mir Laik Ali, the PM imposed on the Nizam .

Later Mir Laik Ali escaped to Pakistan from Indian captivity making Nehru red faced.  This is a very juicy story.  I will narrate it if this post does NOT get too long.

On September 16, faced with imminent defeat, the Nizam summoned the Prime Minister Mir Laik Ali and demanded his resignation by the morning of the following day. The resignation was delivered along with the resignations of the entire cabinet.

On the noon of September 17, a messenger brought a personal note from the Nizam to India’s Agent General to Hyderabad, K.M. Munshi summoning him to the Nizam’s office at 1600 hours.  Till then the Nizam had royally ignored KK Munshi.

At the meeting, the Nizam stated “The vultures have resigned. I don’t know what to do”.  

It clearly showed he was a powerless king in his own kingdom.



Above: The Arab general with KM Munshi-- piece of cake, right?

KM Munshi advised the Nizam to secure the safety of the citizens of Hyderabad by issuing appropriate orders to the Commander of the Hyderabad State Army, Major General El Edroos. This was immediately done.



Above: Qasim Rizvi ( bearded ), the self appointed Field Marshall


Qasim Razvi took over as President of MIM on the sudden and untimely death of Bahadur Yar Jung. In 1944, Yar Jung was invited to a dinner at the house of Justice Hashim Ali Khan, a judge of the High Court .  As usual he ran up the steps . 



Above :Bahadur Yar Jung.

Then he sat down and, as he took a single pull at the hookah, and he collapsed . This man was a terrific athlete in his young age , and was in perfect health at the age of 39.  The Nizam joined the mammoth funeral procession the next morning.

Nizam gifted away coastal Andhra to French in 1752 under Rothschild pressure. British East India Company owned by Rothschild acquired Andhra from the French in 1766, which became part of Madras province of the British Empire.

However, Hyderabad (Golconda) remained part of various Muslim dynasties for 7 centuries uninterrupted: Delhi sultanate (1310-1336), independent Bahmani sultanate - a major Muslim dynasty that ruled central and south India (1345-1512), Turkman Qutub Shahi dynasty of Golconda kingdom (1512-1687), Mughal Dynasty of Delhi (1687- 1724) and Nizam dynasty of Hyderabad (1724-1948).

As part of Nizam's grand design to counter the growing cultural and political awareness among Hindus (92% of the total population at the time) in the state, the Telugu names of districts, for example, Elagandala, Palamuru, Induru, and Metuku were changed to Karim Nagar, Mahaboob Nagar, Nizamabad, and Medak respectively, and towns like Manukota and Bhuvanagir were renamed as Mahaboobnagar and Bhongir respectively in 1905. Village names ending in padu were changed to pahad. At the same time a proclamation was issued making Hyderabad State an Islamic state.

In 1911, Mir Osman Ali Khan succeeded to the dynasty.  During his rule Islamization of Hyderabad State was intensified. With the encouragement of the Nizam government a blatant communal organization Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen was formed. This organization along with "Anjuman Tabli Gulistan" inaugurated Tablig movement to convert Hindus to Islam. Islam was the state religion and the Hindu subjects of the Nizam had to pay higher taxes.

Muhammad Ilyas, the founder of Tabligh Jamaat, went for a second pilgrimage to Mecca in 1926 and got his Jihadi inspiration.  Even today this fanatic Mulsim organization Tabligh Jamaat also has a notable following among Pakistani professional cricketers Shahid Afridi, Mohammad Yousuf,  Saqlain Mushtaq, Inzamam-ul-Haq, Mushtaq Ahmed, Saeed Anwar, Saleem Malik, Waqar Younis etc.



The Hindu culture  was openly ridiculed, e.g., during Milad-un-Nabi celebrations of 1937, Prof. Maulvi Nazarul Hassan Gilani openly admonished the Muslims for their failure to convert Hindus to Islam by saying, " I am pained to see the inertness amongst Muslims, when there exist still 22 million of ‘Dung Worshippers’ in this country (Hyderabad State)."

Mohammed Ali Jinnah, father of Islamic State of Pakistan (Islamic Pure State), addressed the students of Osmania University as "my Muslim students," ignoring Hindu students.  Is this the sign of a statesman?



Akbaruddin Owaisi had gone one step ahead in 2012, ridiculing Hindu gods and Godesses in a vulgar and crude manner—and he would be goaded on by loud fanatic screams  of “Naare-e-takbeer Allahu Akbar” after each and every taunt from the large Adilabad Muslim crowd .  What he said does NOT merit mention in this post. 



AIMIM a  political party , has their office on the premises of a college campus i.e.Deccan College of Engineering & Technology(DCET),  Dar-ul-salaam, near Nampally railway station, Hyderabad.  The Owaisi family has a stake in this college.

The wealthy princely state of Hyderabad was a still 88% Hindu-majority state that was ruled by the Muslim Nizam in 1947.   

On August 15, 1947, the Hyderabad State Congress hoisted the Indian Union flag. The Nizam's police immediately reacted by arresting the leaders.

Negotiations between the Nizam and the Indian government for integration of Hyderabad into the India Union like other princely states proved abortive. The Nizam did not initially agree to accession to the Indian Union and displayed a preference to remain independent with the support of Jinnah , Rothschild and the Portuguese.  

After the Indian government failed to persuade the Nizam to sign the Instrument of Accession, the Nizam finally entered into a "stand still agreement" with India on November 29, 1947 to maintain status quo and not accede to Pakistan instead.  

During this time, the Nizam procured military hardware from different parts of the world and funded the Razakars under Qasim Rizvi. Muslims migrating to Pakistan were encouraged to settle down in Hyderabad. They were to be settled in property and businesses owned by the Hindus who would be driven away by terror and rape. . 

Within two months of declaring Azad Hyderabad, the state's Muslim population rose by more than one lakh, all highly religiously charged Muslims, both men and women who became Razakars.  Razakars had their ladies regiment too. .  



Immediate attempts were made to absorb these Muslim immigrants into jobs in various departments like irrigation, railway, electricity, public works etc. The state unit of the Indian National Congress was banned and its leaders forced to flee.


Nizam desperately pressed all buttons to be an independent kingdom. He had Rothschild supporting him in this endeavor. But having carved out Israel, Rothchild was NOT willing to stick his neck out too much with divide and rule any more.  Mountbatten’s wife Edwina was Rothschild and hence he was a Rothschild agent. 

India did NOT unleash Operation Polo till Mountbattten went back to England.  Winston Churchill whose mother is Rothschild rabble roused in the Rothschild controlled newspapers and in British parliament (Attlee and labour was in power at the time) reminding them that Nizam was "an old and faithful ally of the Empire".

Even after the lapse of two months, the Nizam dodged signing the accession instrument on one pretext or the other. In the meanwhile he sent his men all over the world seeking military and moral assistance for the independent Hyderabad State .  

During this period the Razakars intensified their ethnic cleansing by rape, loot and gruesome torture.   




A Rothschild arms dealer named  Frederick Sidney Cotton OBE was transporting arms by air from abroad.  In early  1948 the Nizam even tried to get the United Nations and President Truman to intervene.  



Above: Arms air drop expert Sidney Cotton.

The Nizam had advanced Rs 20 crore ( a fortune in those days ) as help to Pakistan and stationed a bomber plane squadron there.  The then British Chief of Indian Army, Sir Rob Lockhart, had told Nehru that Pakistan would invade India, causing Nehru to go faint.  

Sir Walter Monckton, a Rothschild propaganda expert had become legal adviser to the Nizam and was negotiating with India. Sir Walter Turner Monckton, 1st Viscount Monckton of Brenchley, GCVO, KCMG, MC, PC had great experience in doing propaganda for Rothschild during World War II and became Solicitor General in Winston Churchill's 1945 caretaker government, his influence was so great that he even drafted the statement of abdication, read out by the King Edward VIII on 11 December 1936.  



Above: Sir Walter Monckton.

Edward did NOT abdicate out of love to a commoner. He was just shunted out as he told Rothschild that he world NOT go to war with Germany as long as he was King of England. Moncton ran the Rothschild’s  propaganda department in Cairo during World War II and wrote a second abdication document, this time for Egypt's playboy King Farouk, after he had shown pro-German sympathies.

Well well , what do you know of true history?

On 1st February 1948, more than 100 armed Razakars raided the branch of State Bank of Hyderabad in a small town Umri, killed at least seven persons and decamped with more than 22 lakhs rupees in hard cash. 

This did NOT have the sanction of the Nizam.  The Indian took steps to block all the supply routes to Hyderabad . Its effects started to be felt. There was shortage of petrol, diesel, kerosene, sugar, cigarettes, food-grains, medicines and innumerable other things. The Hyderabad government now manned entirely by the Ittehad people was not inspiring much confidence among the business community resulting in hoarding and black marketing.

It was impossible for statesmen like Patel, Nehru, Rajaji and Munshi to negotiate with a rabble rousing bigot like Qasim Razvi.  Finally, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel, the Indian Minister for Home Affairs, decided to undertake "police action" in Hyderabad State to force the Nizam's hand.  

On June 21, 1948, Mountbatten finally left for England, and Chakravarti Rajagopalachari took over as Governor-General.  Right till his stay in India by June 21, 1948, Mountbatten was trying for special status for Hyderabad even while the Nizam was dreaming of keeping Hyderabad independent and even becoming a member of the UNO.  

After Mountbatten’s exit, when the Nizam still talked of further agreement, Patel publicly declared, “Agreement has gone to England.”



The white Commander –in-chief of Indian armed forces , General Roy Bucher threatened to resign if the action against Nizam went ahead. Nehru  nearly fainted, but Sardar Patel true to his image as an iron strongman told Bucher to go ahead and resign. A angry Bucher stormed out and coincidentally the next few days saw a rise in the tempo of the Kashmir infiltration operations.



Above: Gen Roy Bucher

On the 10th of September 1948, the Nizam sent Nawab Moin Nawaz Jung to the Security Council to represent Hyderabad's case before the United Nations. This was the last straw for Patel.

C Rajagopalachari under influence of Lord Mounbatter ,  wanted to postpone it further as a gesture to Pakistan as Mohammed Ali Jinnah had died the previous night.  But Patel flatly refused.

Operation Polo was launched on 13th Sept 1948, and the Indian Army, led by Major General J. N. Chaudhuri, entered the state from five directions.  

They came unannounced , hidden in goods trains , as Razakars were lying in ambush to blow up the railway tracks. 

For all they sabre rattling and bravado the Razakars ran away in less than 100 hours, despite the land mines. They were bigots and highly charged with religious zeal. But that was NOT enough. The moment the Gurkha regiment took out their kukhris , they ran for their lives into nearby forests in the heavy rain.  



On 15th September, Qasim Razvi's home town Latur along with Osmanabad, Aurangabad and Jalna fell to Indian troops. In the after noon of fifth day, 17 September, Hyderabad 's resistance ended, when the Nizam ordered his troops to ceasefire. On 18th September, 1948, the news of Nizam's decision to surrender caused jubilation all over India and also among the people of Hyderabad.

The Nizam surrendered on 18 September 1948 and  Mir Laik Ali, the Prime Minister of the Nizam, and Razakar’s “Field Marshall” Qasim Rizvi were arrested.  The Nizam's surrender, is dubbed as the meekest and most cowardly in history.  It is called by the west as “happy war”.  

Nizam banned the Razakars and allowed Indian Union troops into Secunderabad and Bolurum. Credit for this must go to Sardar Patel who held his nerve despite the hostile attitude of Pakistan and tacit support of Rothschild and Britain.

While the Indian Army lost 19 men Hyderabad suffered much greater casualties in comparison. Over two thousand armed forces and Razakars were killed and thousands more injured.

Amongst the captured defenders was a British mercenary who had been tasked with blowing up the bridge near Naldurg.

The Military action named as Police action ended on 18 Sept 1948 when Arab Major General El edrus surrendered at Secunderabad  to Bengali Major General J N Chaudhry of Indian armed forces . Contrary to Pakistani Muslim claims the Indian army exercised total restraint. All know how the last Hindu Kingdom of Vijayanagara was sacked with mindless looting and killing. 


Regaining the Hindu  foothold did NOT have much of bloodshed except for some retalioratory backlash killings.  S Ankleswaria Aiyer the athieist Tamilian (  Editor of Rothschild controlled The Economic Times – and brother of super-slimy Mani Shankar Aiyer ) wrote a column in TOI that Hindus killed 2 lakh Muslims , which is sheer nonsense. 






We all know Rothschild was against Operation Polo.  Where are the two lakh bodies-- disappeared like the 6 million Jews into thin air ?

 Nehru, on proclaiming Indian victory in Hyderabad, had announced that 'not a single communal incident' marred the triumph-but this is hard to believe as the Indian Communists who aligned with the Razakars before Operation Polo , turned coats  and went of a Razakar killing frenzy  . 

When BJP leader LK Advani spoke about this unholy alliance between strange bed fellows Razakars and the Communists recently , the CPM and CPI got terribly annoyed.  An angry statement issued by the Communist Party of India in response to Advani's remark said:  "When the CPI along with the Andhra Mahasabha organised people for liberating Hyderabad from the clutches of the Nizam, Mr. Advani and the RSS were nowhere near Hyderabad."



Above: Nizam's main army.

On September 23, 1948 the Nizam was forced to withdraw his complaint from the UN Security Council. The merger of Hyderabad into the Indian Union was announced. Major General Chaudhuri took over as military governor of Hyderabad and stayed in that position till the end of 1949. In January 1950, M. K. Vellodi, a senior civil servant was made the Chief Minister of the state and the Nizam was given the ceremonial position of "Raj Pramukh" or "Governor". 

The Razakars were disbanded after the merger of Hyderabad with India and the Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen was banned. Qasim Rizvi served a decade in Indian prisons before being allowed to go to Pakistan where he was granted asylum.

Nizam escaped punishment under law and also became Rajpramukh ( Governor). He resigned after Hyderabad was converted into AP state after merging some areas in Maharashtra and Karnataka.


Hyderabad state was never independent under Muslim rule.. They were rulers on behalf of Mughal emperors and subsequently were protectorates of the English Governor Generals of East India Company and then of British Crown. While Most of the Indian states fought against the East India company in the 1857 war of independence, Afzaluddaula the Nizam V remained loyal to the East India Company and was greatly rewarded.  

Soon after his accession to the throne in 1911, the Nizam was warned by the then Viceroy Lord Irwin that he was 'on trial' ( probation ) for two years and at the end of which a Court of Regency could be set up replacing him. 

Nizam had objected to his 'installation' on the throne by the British Resident in 1911 unacceptable. He claimed that he had come to the throne by divine right!! The British threatened to replace him if he persisted. He was installed on the throne by the British resident only.

Fifteen years later, he disputed the right of The Paramount Power to interfere in the internal administration of his state. Lord Reading, the then Viceroy, rebuked him : “The sovereignty of the British Crown is supreme ... no ruler of Indian states can claim to negotiate with the British Government on equal footing.” he said. The Nizam was silenced.

The Nizam – who traced his ancestry to Abu Bakar – the first Khalifa – was a indeed complex personality.   Abu Bakr (Abdullah ibn Abi Quhafa)(  573 CE – 23 August 634 CE)  was a senior companion (Sahabi) and the father-in-law of the Islamic prophet Muhammad. He ruled over the Rashidun Caliphate from 632–634 CE when he became the first Muslim Caliph following Muhammad's death.



Gandhi already was assassinated on 30 Jan 1948 and had Gandhi lived probably Hyderabad would have been allowed to remain as an independent state in the heart of Hyderabad and it would have become a Darul Islam as dreamt by Aurangzeb.  Hardly anybody knows today that not a single Russian bureaucrat signed the condolence book after Gandhi’s  death.  Nobel prize for peace eluded him both in life and death. Shows Rothschild’s regard for this Mahatma ( sic!)

In March 1952, the first popular general elections were held in the State and a Ministry under B. Ramakrishna Rao was formed. With the formation of the first popular ministry, the people of the Hyderabad State were also brought into the mainstream of India's national life.



Nizam Mir Osman Ali Khan withdrew completely from public life and choose to lead a quiet, secluded life with his family. He had wisely formed a number of trusts that took care of his family's needs.


Above : Photo of Charminar in 1880.

The last Nizam of Hyderabad, Mir Osman Ali Khan, died in 1967 putting an end to a princely heritage of unimaginable wealth, exemplary public administration and a unique Deccani culture. The last of his (stolen from Hampi ) treasures were purchased by the Indian Government in 1995. Some of it is on display in museums in Hyderabad and the rest is still locked up safely in the vaults of the Reserve Bank of India.  

A legend about the first Nizam states that, on one of his hunting trips he was offered some kulcha (an Indian bread) by a Hindu saint and was asked to eat as many as he could. The Nizam could eat seven kulchas and the holy man then prophesied that seven generations of his family would rule the state. 

The Nizam's were conferred with the title of His Exalted Highness, and "Faithful Ally of the British Government" by the imperial-colonial British government for their collaborating rôle in the wars against Tipoo Sultan of Mysore, and the  Sepoy’s mutiny of 1857. All the Muslims of India had declared war against the British in 1857.

Today not a single princely state remains independent. They, all five hundred and sixty-five of them, were merged into the Republic under the masterful and rather persuasive supervision of Sardar Vallabhai Patel. Some of these states did not go down without a fight however. Travancore, Jodhpur and Indore signed up after protracted political wrangling. Conflict situation arose in both Junagadh and Kashmir. The later continues to have repercussions in modern Indian politics.



Above: Nehru and Vijaya Lakshmi Pandit on arrival Hyderbad after liberation.

Qasim Razvi was born in a middle-class family of Latur (now in Maharashtra) on 31st May, 1900. He did his graduation in law from the Aligarh Muslim University. When Bahadur Yar Jung appealed to the Muslims for funds, he donated all his properties to Majlis.  

He even went to his own house and started throwing out the furniture to make it a paty office. Bahadur Yar Jung himself gave him the title of "Siddiq-e-Deccan" for this act.  By donating whatever he owned, he emulated the first caliph of Islam Hazrath Abu Bakar Siddiq who donated everything for Islam.

Primarily, the Hyderabad lobby comprising of Nawabs, Jagirdars, senior officials in Nizam's government and others were not happy with Qasim Razvi getting elected as the President of a powerful organization – Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen, after a suspicious death of the previous Presdient , and they all hated him inwardly. He fell apart with the Nizam when he could NOT be controlled or harnessed.  



According to Gen.Chowdhary, Qasim Razvi was staying at a relative's house. When the Indian Army officials went to arrest him, he threatened that he would commit suicide, unlike a uniformed Field Marshall.

Both Nizam and Qasim Razvi failed to realise that they were not enjoying the support of the entire Muslim community. They were also unaware of of the military might of the Indian Union and their own strengths.  The Arab commander-in-chief Al-Idroos covertly supported the Indian Union and ensured that the 'Operation Polo' succeeded.

Qasim Razvi was an unimpressive frail chain smoking man, but his eyes flashed fire.  Qasim Razvi was a terrific orator, but he had no control over words.  

His hate speeches  pissed off the Hindu population.   Probably this was what Akbaruddin Owaisi unconsciously adopted, that is if he knew the unique personality of Qasim Razvi.



Power drunk Qasim Razi forced his own decisions on the poor Nizam i.e. who should be the President of the Executive Council of Hyderabad Government or who should be made the members of the Executive Council, etc.  The Nizam’s knew for sure that his army and police were afraid of the Razakars , who outnumbered them and would NOT hesitate to hold their families hostage..

 
  
He had indeed  become a Frankenstein.  Paranoid Nizam trusted no one and had a very effective espionage system – spying even on his own sons, cant blame him--he had so many of them.  In the invader Muslim tradition sons killed their royal fathers , and fathers blinded their own sons in gory- nay macabre power games..




Above: Mir Laik Ali and wife -- bribed their way out .

Let me digress-- 

How did PM Mir Laik Ali escaped from house arrest in 1950, after 18 months of captivity?

It must be remembered that he was responsible for ethnic cleansing along with Qasim Ravi.   He was appointed as  PM on 1st December 1947. 


After the Police Action, in  September 1948, he was put under house arrest at Begumpet , where Amruta Mall now stands. The police guards allowed  Laik Ali’s family to visit him daily. The Muslim ladies , including his wife used to come by car in burqa. In course of time the security became lax ( by bribing ) .

One day Mrs. Laik Ali suddenly announced that her husband is ill.  From then on Laik Ali pretended to be ill,though he had no fever.

His wife started making frantic trips to consult his physician and to bring medicines.  This drama went on for a full two weeks, without anybody making inquiries about this important Pakistani detainee.

Meanwhile it was announced that a marriage was about to be celebrated in the house of one of the relatives of Laik Ali.   A lorry came and carried utensils and other things from the house. 

Dancers  started coming daily and performing mujra dance.  They were given tips on behalf of Laik Ali and often some sweets were also distributed.  These dancers ( whores ) flirted with the guards and made them lower their guard. 

On the morning of 3rd March 1950 the maid called for the car saying that the Begum was ready to go the doctor.  When the car pulled in under the portico, Laik Ali quietly walked in in a burqa.  The unsuspecting guards were on the other side.  Some pillows had been so arranged in his bed as to give the impression that the patient was lying under the sheet.  

Mrs. Laik Ali hid herself in the upper portion of the house.  Laik Ali drove straight to his sister’s house.  From there, he drove away to the house of Abdul Quvi I another car. The original car then returned to the house and the maid casually announced that her mistress had come back with medicines.  Mrs. Laik Ali then emerged from her hiding place and went to her husband’s bedroom.  

She addressed the covered pillows and told them that the physician had changed the medicines.  She then pretended to administer the medicine to the patient.  All stage managed , with the female detective unpeturbed.

A taxi with curtains was waiting at the residence of Abdul Quvi.  Laik Ali and his sister’s son joined him and the threesome drove towards Gulbarga. A four-berth first class compartment had been booked in the train at Secunderabad with instructions that the passengers would board at Gulbarga.  Though there were only 3 people in the compartment, the entire bogie was reserved.

The train took them to Bombay early in the morning.  After bath and breakfast, they left for the airport. Laik Ali flew in disquise under the name of Gulam Ahmed, all forged papers arranged by Pakistan secret services.

Back in Hyderabad, for two days the charade was kept up.  Mrs. Laik Ali kept on administering medicines to the pillows.  

Groups of Holi revellers came and were given tips on behalf of the ‘ailing’ ex-premier.  On the next day, Mrs. Laik Ali made a number of neat bundles of currency notes-- a large amount.  She gave them to her old trust Arab servant with instructions that they should be disbursed to the named servants on Sunday.  She then drove to her brother’s house.  

From there she went to the airport in a purdah car to catch the flight o Bombay.  Just short of the airport, the car broke down. The driver got down to pushes it. From behind came the car of the Inspector General of Police, Jetley.  Noticing a purdah car stalled, the chivalrous police chief got down to give it a push!

As Laik Ali boarded the flight to Karachi, his family took the ship ‘S.S.Sabarmati’ to Karachi. Laik Ali could not be extradited. 

When the Nizam went to the radio station to announce his surrender , there was no red carpet spread for him,  no formalities were observed.  

No music, no anthem was played before or after the broadcast.  The speech was in English.  Nobody cared to translate it into the official language Urdu.



After the broadcast of surrender the Nizam drove back to King Kothi to brood and sulk.  KM Munshi on his way to Bolarum found the streets full of excited crowds shouting fervent national slogans.  

Munshi was mobbed and had to address groups of people en route. They wanted to be re-assured by India's official representative that they were now again part of the great motherland--the most glorious and ancient civilization on the planet.. 



That night the city changed a great deal. Many khaki uniforms were discarded, many beards shaved. The shouting, rampaging crowds of razakars melted away magically. The long oppressed citizens emerged from their cocoons. 

People of all ages came out in throngs waving the tricolour of India. Suddenly where there was fear and restraint, now there was life and laughter. There was a general release of tension and a new, quivering anticipation.

The surrender ceremony was fixed at 4 p.m.

General Choudhuri spoke gravely:  “I have been ordered by Lt. General Maharaj Rajendresinhji, General Officer Commanding-in-Chief, Southern Command to take the surrender of your army”.

“You have it”.

“You understand that this surrender is unconditional”.

“Yes, I understand”.



Gen Choudhuri smiled and shook hands with the Arab general Edroos. Then he opened his cigarette case and offered him a cigarette. Edroos pro ffered a lighter. Choudhuri's team joined them.

The party drove to the residence of India's Agent General. A jubilant crowd cheered the victorious general there. He waved in return and then sat down to discuss the details with Munshi,  Edroos and others.



It was a astonishing sea of cheering humanity, heads, heads, heads, bare and covered.  Men and women, ten deep, twenty deep, grinning children on shoulders, on heads of adults, young people perched on the railings, on tree-tops, even dangling on telephone poles. 



It was a riot of glad colours, dresses of all types in all the colours of rainbow, only deeper, like a field of flowers of different hues.  

And then tricolours, thousands of them, each hand holding one, even two, green, white and ochre, fluttering joyously.

Flags made of cloth, and of paper quivered gaily in the gentle breeze. They reflected the joy of the hands holding them. There was clapping and wild cheering, shouting , giggling and some shrieking their happy heads off.. 








Above: A singer who is an Indian first and then a Muslim.

People threw marigold flowers at soldiers sitting on top of armoured cars and waving to crowds. Throngs of people shouting slogans, which could not be uttered under pain of death,  till the previous day for centuries.

‘Bharat Mata’ ...‘Ki Jai’





YIKES!



Above: Our respected President, an Indian first and then a Muslim.

The Owaisis and MIM has been doing propaganda that the Bhagyalakshmi ( Bhagmati ) temple never existed at the SE minar corner of the structure.   




This Hindu shrine is actually hundreds of years older than the Charminar.  Hyderabad was called Bhagyanagar before the Muslims invaded.



Above: They show a painting ( left side ) as proof, that the shrine never existed . 

The foreign funded media tried to show a painting as a proof.  Well here are old pictures taken in 1880 AD.




The SECULAR government does NOT allow arti bells to be rung in the shrine. 

Owasi,  Barkha Dutt, Teesta Setavad , John Dayal , Waitress turned empress -- are all secular ( read as Hindu hating ).



Above: There are no cars and buses --only bullock carts 





Above:  142  year old picture, taken in 1870  . You can see the horse carriage of the photographer .

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MARGARET THATCHER HENCHWOMAN OR HEROINE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

IRON LADY MARGARET THATCHER  SUPPORTER OF APARTHIED,   SINKING OF GENERAL BELGRANO  ,  WANNABE FEMALE WINSTON CHURCHILL SINKER OF LUSITANIA AND BISMARK  ,  ROTHSCHILD BANKING CARTEL  STOOGE AND  KOSHER QUEEN  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Margaret Thatcher passed away on 8th April 2013 at the age of 87, due to a stroke ( dementia and Alzheimer disease complications ).

I wanted to write this post on 9th April, but I decided that I will wait till 14th April to allow the mourning period to get over -- who ever wants to mourn her death.  This is part of my culture.

The majority of Englishmen will NOT be mourning this mean spirited leader , who re-distributed the wealth from the poorest to the richest in British society.


              
These last five days the airwaves have been awash with eye-dabbing tributes and hysterical adoration of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher.  She has been elevated almost to sainthood by commentators, and political hacks .

The Big Brother controlled media will NOT give a balanced view of the legacy of Margaret Thatcher.  Fake poll results will be published , just like for Winston Churchill.  The free Internet will be the only way this world can decide for themselves , what her legacy was. 

I am an Indian , and I have nothing for or against Margaret Thatcher.  I have no axe to grind

I am have been visiting England for nearly 40 years, and I have seen how the proud spirit of the John Bull was crushed by this Rothschild controlled woman.  

Psychologically she was a wannabe Winston Churchill, as he too had unlimited Rothschild banking cartel support and his own mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschilds.  This make you more powerful than the King or Queen of England.



Before I proceed you must read two of my previous posts , to get a perspective.

Punch into Google search - WINSTON CHURCHILL HENCHMAN OR HERO VADAKAYIL

By reading above post you will understand what I mean when I say that a Prime Minister can be controlled by the powerful banking cartel.

Also punch into Google search  SINKING OF THE BISMARCK VADAKAYIL

Winston Churchill sank the SS Lusitania ( sister ship of SS Titanic ) on orders from Rothchild to drag America into World War 1.    



Same way Margaret Thatcher sank the Argentinian ship General Belgrano.  It is about protecting Rothschild’s stake in minerals in the Falkland Islands. 



For Margaret Thatcher it just to twang her psychological chord and get herself re-elected..


An anti-Thatcher song has already hit the No 1 spot in UK pop song charts, even before 24 hours of her death. 


Check out the video below.



 Put your seat belts on ladies and gentlemen.  This is gonna be an UN-MINCED account.




Margaret Thatcher’s sham funeral at St Paul's Cathedral,  central London is only for show-- to seat the Queen with the foreign dignitaries in their traditions fit for a English Baroness .  



Never mind that she was a street corner grocer’s daughter , who did NOT even have a inner lavatory in her home at a freezing place.

She will be CREMATED , not buried , and it has pissed of the Christian clergy.  

Punch into Google search RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

Probably US President Obama will find something better to say than  “The world has lost one of the great champions of freedom and liberty”

Now,  is branding this woman , who centralised power to a degree never seen before in modern Britain-- a Kosher Queen , yellow journalism?

Decide for yourself.

The poor John Bull does NOT know how much he has been done in , by such Kosher kings and queens since the Battle of Waterloo, wherein Rothschild cheated them off their stocks and life earnings.

Rothschild appointed Margaret Thatcher as British prime Minister, as the Rothschilds wanted a quisling in place to oversee the transfer of large sums invested in Britain for reinvestment elsewhere. .

Of the 20 positions in Thatcher’s cabinet Jews held the five most important positions, with Lord Victor Rothschild as security advisor--  Lord (David) Young, Malcolm Rifkind, Leon Brittan, Nigel Lawson And Keith Joseph. With a English Jewish population of less than 0.5% , giving so many plum positions to Jews tells volumes.

Rothschild became senior security advisor to Margaret Thatcher at the same time that his Rothschild Zionist associate and royal knight Sir Colin Figures was head of MI6.

Lord Victor Rothschild oversaw all domestic and foreign intelligence, and it has been said that it was his decision to sink the General Belgrano and Thatcher simply did as she was told. Rothschild had investments in the mining of minerals in the Falklands region and he was not going to let those investments be shared with Argentina. 


On the advice of Margaret Thatcher began shutting down large sectors of British industry , all in the name of efficiency.

Margaret Thatcher was ensconced in parliament by the considerable Jewish vote in her Finchley constituency, which adjoins the North London Jewish quarter of Hendon and Golders Green. She was a member of the Anglo-Israel Friendship League of Finchley and the Conservative Friends of Israel , she founded.

Thatcher’s sympathy for Israel frightened British officials. Thatcher’s closeness with British Jews could suggest she was a prisoner with golden handcuffs of the Zionists . 

When she became party leader in the mid-1970s,  was advised by Rothschild himself to save herself from negative publicity and a scandal . She resigned from pro-Israel groups… an eyewash. Yet she continued her cosy , lovey dovey relationships with pro-Israel parliamentarians. 



In 1986, when Shimon Peres was prime minister, she became the first British premier to visit Israel, although she had previously been twice as a Member of Parliament for sweet talk, arranged by Rothschild who owns most of Isreal.  . 



During that landmark visit in 1986, reports the Israeli newspaper Haaretz, she was asked why Queen Elizabeth had never found the time to tour ze Holy Land, the land of milk and honey.   

Thatcher famously replied: “But I’m here.” 



And to the shame of the poor John Bull , she blatantly stayed in the King David Hotel, the former British Army headquarters which was blown up by Jewish terrorists.




Yitzhak Shamir was the leader of terrorist group Irgun Zvai Leumi, (  ex-Israeli PM  ) in July 22nd 1946, killing 91 soldiers and civilians.  

How many Brits even know that Princess Diana's mother, Frances Ruth Roche, was Rothschild.  

Lord Mountbatten’s wife Edwina was Rothschild.

The myth of the Iron lady is a total invention of the Rothschild monopolized world media. How many Brits know that this corny term handed out in a platter by the Russians is also Rothschild’s?  

Do they know that Karl Marx was a Rothschild Jew. 



That Mikhail Gorbachev of Perestroika and Glasnost fame is a crypto Zionist Jew.  



That Lenin , Stalin and Trotsky who stole the enormous wealth of the Czar and then vacuumed the wealth of the common Communist man, were Jews controlled by Rothschild ?  

Iron Lady,  my foot !!.  



She was a weak puppet with loud extravagant rhetoric controlled totally by Rothschild and the banking cartel.   “I like Mr. Gorbachev. We can do business together,” she had famously said.

Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan were the langot yaar , buddy buddy gruesome THREEsome  from the right and their likeminded policies and what has led to the economic mess the world is in today.  

Yes, the third person in the shadows who held the strings, you figured out yourself.  You are getting better maan.

It was Rothchild who dished out all these knighthoods.  




Mind you, if you do NOT show consistent slave performance , the SIR title will be snatched away too—like how our man Sir Robert Mugabe of Zimbawe found out the hard way.



John Bull does NOT even know that to be First Lord of Admiralty you have to be a Rothschild man, who were the ex-owners of the British East India Company.

Her master in the guise of security adviser ( sic) Victor Rothschild, died in 1990 at the age of 79.  His work for his own MI5 during the war had won him a George Medal.   He became the 3rd Baron Rothschild, at the age of 26 and  always sat on the Labour benches. .  



He later  chaired the family’s UK bank, NM Rothschild & Sons. When Victor Rothschild retired in 1976, Sir Evelyn de Rothschild,  then 45 took over as bank chairman, even though he came from another branch of the family, the de Rothschilds.  

He keeps popping up in India to have a tete e tete with Manmohan Singh , Sunil Mittal and Anand Sharma with his third wife, the American lawyer Lynn Forester.  Victor’s eldest son, Lord Jacob Rothschild, also worked at NM Rothschild. 



All those who think that Bilderberg club does NOT exist watch the video below. Check out how a cold cartel stare can make a young journalist, crap in his pants.



Above : Jacob Rothschild . Margaret Thatcher received French President François Mitterrand in 1990,  in Lord Jacob Rothschild’s country home..

After than punch into Google search THE SHREWD  CLUB WITHIN THE NAÏVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL




The Australian foreign minister Bob Carr says late British leader Margaret Thatcher made "unabashedly racist" comments, recalling what she allegedly said to him about Asian immigration after she left office. 




She told him that Australia could end up like Fiji "where the Indian migrants have taken over".



What the rusted Iron Lady does NOT say is that Indians did NOT go o Fiji on their own. They were dumped there like garbage against their wishes 130 years ago in more than 100 ships which took 7 long months to reach there.. 

During the passage THOUSANDS of them died of dysentery , disease and starvation, and they were dumped overboard, even when half alive-to keep healthy ones healthy--as the Captain and doctor got a bonus for every soul delivered..

Punch into Google search THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED  VADAKAYIL




And a big percentage of the Indians you see in UK are the left overs of lascar sailors whom you abandoned without giving them a return trip, they were entitled to, back to India.  They had families back home in sunny happy India.  They did NOT want to be there in your cold and dark country.

Punch into Google search THE LASCAR THE ORIGINAL INDIAN MERCHANT NAVY SAILOR  VADAKAYIL

Minutes after the death of former British Prime minister Margaret Thatcher, the history books are being re-written by big brother. The beatification of the rusted Iron Lady , the criminal fascist , is well and truly underway cocking a snook at the poor downtrodden John Bull. .  

She is now made out to be the big English heroine ,  exactly like the fake honors conferred on Winston Churchill.   Even Mother Teresa the poster girl of Vatican did NOT get the likewise honors.

Margaret Thatcher was an agent of both Rothschild and other powerful Jewish interests, and did NOT think twice before selling the soul of England  to these criminal financial cartel interests during her term as Prime Minister....She single handedly dented the term “British Justice".

Now let me narrate , how this soul less woman supported the apartheid regime in South Africa for Rothschild's financial gain in the gold and diamond market.

Margaret Thatcher morbid argued that sanctions against the apartheid regime of South Africa were immoral because that would throw thousands of South African black people out of work. Her morbid stance allowed Rothschild  to continue milking apartheid South Africa,  whose biggest trading partner and foreign investor was UK.

Instead of attributing violence and deaths of blacks to an oppressive system, she attributed it to blacks themselves, which South Africa and the rest of Africa had in common (sic!).

These are ulcerated wounds which will be hard to heal.  She dubbed ANC a terrorist organisation, and Nelson Mandela a terrorist, shocking the civilized world. In the pre-Internet era, not many people knew about her Master Rothschild.

She morbidly argued that the ANC would implement a communist system and give Russia a foothold in Southern Africa.  And then the whole of Africa would fall like dominoes to Communism.

Margaret Thatcher’s death set off a flurry of tributes from around the world,  but none from South Africa.  Pallo Jordan, an ANC leader who was once exiled from his own country, told The Guardian “Good riddance” when asked about Thatcher’s death. That’s because Thatcher,  was a sole and supporter of apartheid, even going that far to call incarcerated Nelson Mandela a terrorist.

Pallo Jordan, a former Cabinet minister and stalwart of the ANC, said after hearing of her death "Many lives were lost [as a result of the apartheid regime].  I don't think it's a great loss to the world"

Even conservative leader David Cameron has condemned Margaret Thatcher's policy on South Africa during apartheid. Mr Cameron had described Mandela as "one of the greatest men alive".

In the 1980s Lady Thatcher caused world wide controversy when she refused to back sanctions against South Africa.  In 1987 she said that anyone who believed the ANC would ever rule South Africa was "living in cloud-cuckoo land".



She was against any actions to finish apartheid.” "When people are doing the right thing, boldly and courageously, as President de Klerk is, it seems quite absurd to still use sticks to beat them with, however small those sticks may be", her ill fitted dentures nearly popping out.

By the mid 1980s, Thatcher was almost alone on the world stage in her opposition to sanctions. She was firm like the rock of Gibralter in resisting international pressure to impose economic sanctions on the former colony, where the United Kingdom (Rothschild ) was the biggest foreign investor and principal trading partner.  This meant that the status quo remained the same, and her Master Rothschild continued to operate in South Africa.  

In the 1980s, when the segregationist government imposed a state of emergency to suppress bloody anti-apartheid uprisings, Thatcher strongly opposed a drive within the Commonwealth to deepen sanctions against the white regime, arguing they would "only harden attitudes".

According to Geoffrey Howe, one of her closest allies, Mrs Thatcher declared the ANC as a 'typical terrorist organisation', as late as 1987.

She also believed sanctions would disproportionately injure Britain ( read as Rothschild )  and neighbouring African countries.

Thatcher's opposition to economic sanctions was challenged by visiting anti-apartheid activists, including South African bishop Desmond Tutu, whom she met in London.  

At a Commonwealth summit in Nassau in October 1985 Margaret Thatcher finally agreed to impose limited sanctions and to set up a contact group to promote a dialogue with Pretoria, after she was firmly warned by Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi  that her opposition threatened to break up the 49-nation organization.  

The last straw was when she said in a ridiculous and pompous manner, that sanctions against the Rothschild supported apartheid regime would hurt blacks more.

Zambia's former president Kenneth Kaunda berated Thatcher bitterly at a 1986 Commonwealth conference where she refused to join six nations including Australia and Canada in imposing a package of sanctions against South Africa.

Kaunda told reporters Thatcher cut a "very pathetic picture indeed" and accused her of "worshipping gold, platinum and the rest" on offer from South Africa.

It was a far cry from his amused references to Thatcher as "my dancing partner" after the two famously waltzed at a 1979 Commonwealth summit of Britain and its former colonies in Livingstone, Zambia.
And in one infamous remark, the "Iron Lady" in 1987 again branded anti-apartheid hero Mandela's African National Congress as a "typical terrorist organisation".

Mandela, who was then serving a 27-year sentence in an apartheid jail, went on to become the country's first black president and win the Nobel Peace Prize.

While in power, the uncompromising British prime minister cast herself as a "candid friend" of hardline apartheid president PW Botha. She even invited him to the prime minister's country retreat of Chequers in 1984 at a time when he was facing global isolation . She kept her yard arm clear by arranging to get some fake letters declassified -- to release Mandela and end apartheid.

Botha was later found by his country's Truth and Reconciliation Commission to be complicit in "gross violations of human rights".  

  


Above: shaking hands with THAT GRUBBY LITTLE TERRORIST.

Thatcher kept arguing that argued that sanctions would hurt the black population most. This was one of the National Party’s favourites too, which explains Pik Botha and F.W. de Klerk’s approval.  

Bishop Desmond Tutu laughed this off in a press conference in 1985, saying that, “these wonderful sophistries’ had not emerged when Britain imposed sanctions against Argentina.”  And he had a point.  Her concern for civilian victims of sanctions, like constructive engagement, was highly selective and indeed ridiculous.

Somewhere around the end of her PM term in 1990, I remember my container ship was in London. My agent was young, handsome, dynamic and a MBA.  

We became buddies after a few trips.  So one day after inspecting the platform , oversize and overhanging containers in the yard meant for my ship, we went out to the pub for a beer.

He had seen the picture on my home as screen saver on my computer and said “This type of a house is a dream in England”

So I said ” Very soon you will be having a better one, with your qualifications and efficiency”.

He nearly screamed “ What are you talking about .  Captain even after two years I cant even afford a tent.  I still sleep in a sleeping bag. I have not yet paid my debts incurred for my higher studies ”.  

He then vented his spleen about Margaret Thatchers crimes against the English poor and middle class. I will attempt to project whatever can be written without getting censored. 




She was the longest-serving British Prime Minister of the 20th century and is the only woman to have held the office. She became Prime Minister after winning the 1979 general election. Upon moving into 10 Downing Street, Thatcher introduced a series of unilateral political and economic initiatives. 

She  privatized state-owned companies, and reduced the power and influence of trade unions who fought for the rights of the down trodden . Thatcher's popularity during her first years in office waned amid recession and high unemployment and she did NOT care.  

She had the perfect solution.  

War before the next elections.  And naïve John Bull always loved a good fight for the Queen and country. The Falklands war in 1982 brought a resurgence of support, resulting in her re-election in 1983.

Naïve bull does NOT even know that since the Battle of Waterloo he has NOT been fighting for the Queen, but for  German Jew by the name of Rothschild. In India , the British East India company was run unilaterally by Rothchild.  He had his own private mercenary army of German speaking Hessians , paid handsomely with Opium money , when he did NOT want the Queen to be alarmed by dirty conspiracies.

Thatcher was re-elected for a third term in 1987. She resigned as Prime Minister and party leader in November 1990, after her colleagues gave her hell .  After retiring from the Commons in 1992, she was rewarded with a life peerage as Baroness Thatcher, of Kesteven in the County of Lincolnshire, which entitled her to sit in the House of Lords.



Like Winston Churchill had said , “ History will be kind to me , for I intend to write it “ she thought she could do it too using the Rothschild monopolized media.  But she forgot something known as the free information superhighway provided by the large hearted Internet, would upset her apple cart.



Argentina had to be punished for sheltering the Nazis after the Second World War.  A Jewish terrorist strike force flew to Argentina from Israel, seized a German refugee, Adolf Eichmann, and flew him back to Israel to be murdered.  



The purpose of the Eichmann case was to give some legitimacy to the Jewish fantasy that six million Jews had been killed in Germany during World War II.  

When Argentina protested against the blatant violation of her sovereignty as a nation by the Israeli terrorists who invaded her soil to kidnap and murder Adolf Eichmann, the United States immediately threatened economic and military sanctions against Argentina and every possible step short of declaring war. 



Falklands is situated 8,000 miles away from London in the south Atlantic Ocean, and  310 miles off the coast of Argentina. Britain first claimed the islands in 1833 as part of its global empire.  Argentina posits that it gained the Falkland Islands from Spain, upon becoming independent from it in 1816, and that the UK illegally occupied them in 1833.  

Below:  Iron Woman says-- SINK IT!



England had expelled Argentine authorities and original settlers from the Falklands with a threat of violence and then  barred Argentines from resettling the islands- basically ethnic cleansing. 

Almost all the Englishmen know that Lord Victor Rothschild oversaw all domestic and foreign intelligence, and it  was his decision to sink the General Belgrano and Thatcher simply did as she was told.



The British nuclear submarine the Conqueror on May 2 1982 sunk the General Belgrano with the loss of 323 lives, just when Peru was co-hosting a peace initiative between the 2 countries. Thatcher told her cabinet that the Argentine battleship was a danger to British forces, which was NOT the case. 



The sinking was intended to sabotage Peruvian peace plans and prevent the region’s mineral wealth being shared with Argentina.  279 British soldiers were killed in the war. But for the bravery of the Gurkha regiment it would have been much more.  More than 3200  Argentines were killed. 



I do have a lot of information from a Argentinian ship chandler owner who was a warplane pilot in the war. The British fleet knew the fuel capacity of his fleet. They planes were about to pulverize the British Navy , when their HQ ordered them back by a U turn. When their planes landed they were all down to the last few litres of fuel. 



The John Bull does NOT know what happened in the war, as the Rothschild controlled press put a lid.  



He does NOT even know that the German Jewish banking cartel  family of Battenberg,  is their revered  Mountbatten family. Lord Mountbatten reigned as First Lord of the Admiralty, and his son married Edwina Cassel, daughter of the fabulously rich German Jew Sir Edward Cassel.

Just like Margaret Thatcher French President Georges Pompidou was also a Rothchilds stooge.

Seven of her outfits recently sold at auction for £25,000, bought by the cartel’s stooges - just like Churchill’s dentures..

She institutionalized greed with her belief that money was the only thing that motivated the poor John Bull and his loving family. 

She deliberately put people on the scrapheap as an economic tool to lower inflation. Millions of poor lives were ruined, not as a side-effect or collateral damage, but on purpose. 


      

She lacked compassion and didn't understand or care about the importance of social engineering and cohesion.  John Bull's own country is now consumed by greed and egocentricity as a direct result of her government. 

He maintains his sanity by the EPL soccer matches , rock concerts and visits to the pub.  

Below: Fagin of Oliver Twist



Margaret Thatcher was plague to the simple god fearing mining community who have a track record of sacrificing themselves  for the Queen . 



Little did they know that they sacrificed for a Shylock or a Fagin type German ship owner who cultivated Opium in India to sell it in China .

Below: Shylock of Merchant of Venice




Bustling mining towns are now full of shut down shops and old buildings . Britain’s manufacturing heart is now an industrial wasteland.  Were not the happy lives of simple hardworking people with close knit traditional families not important?   

She sort of abdicated to the banking cartel.   She enshrined selfishness, greed, hard heartedness and social irresponsibility as public policy. Anguish and despair of the poor English people meant nothing to her.  

She rubbed the salt in  “there is no such thing as society. There are individual men and women, and there are families … people must look to themselves first.”  Many families were uprooted as the bread winner left home and hearth for a job hundreds of miles away.  



Resources were transferred from the poor to the rich, all under the guise of a simplistic political “Ayn Rand’s John Galt philosophy”.  Probably this was what she meant when she famously declared as soon as she took over power  “I am not a consensus politician. I am a conviction politician”. 



The new thrust was on expanding financial services. A crippling VAT tax on pop and mom’s small businesses forced many to close virtually overnight.  Her open market economy ultimately led to the export of many hard won British jobs overseas. 

Today cheap Chinese stuff lies in British malls and the Brits have lost their proud high quality manufacturing skills passed on by generations.  George Galloway says, “she destroyed more than a third of Britain’s manufacturing capacity, significantly more than Hitler’s Luftwaffe ever achieved”.  



Her legacy? 

She left UK in recession, with unemployment, inflation ,interest rates rising and despair for the down trodden.  No successive government cared to reverse her banking cartel induced decisions, leaving the status quo.  The rail, oil, gas, electricity, water, telecoms, national airways are all in the hands of greedy capitalists who know who to milk the common man. . 

The domino effect has put thousands of people on drugs, antidepressants and  mental health problems and needing treatment. Yes, EPL and rock shows give temporary relief from the endless heart ache. Crime rates doubled under Margaret Thatcher and this is rock hard statistics. 



Her decade in Downing Street coincided with Ronald Reagan's eight years in the White House and the two became political soul mates—both under the manipulation of the banking cartel.



Her first steps towards the final coup de grâce came when Geoffrey Howe, her former chancellor and foreign secretary, who stunned the House of Commons by a hard hitting  resignation speech that Thatcher's attitude was “like sending your opening batsmen to the crease only for them to find, the moment the first balls are bowled, that their bats have been broken before the game by the team captain”.  

Enough was enough –her imperious style led her cabinet, one by one, to tell her that she must go.

Once I stayed in London for 2 weeks , I was surprised to see so many young people trying to beg money out of me — even small coins would do.



Her son Mark Thatcher has made the quick buck almost like our own Italian Queen bee’s son-in-law.  Mark Thatcher attracted world wide attention as a result of his role in an attempted coup in Equatorial Guinea, for which he was fined R3,000,000 rand or half a million US Dollars  and received a four-year suspended jail sentence.  

A company owned by Mark Thatcher offered unofficial small loans to hundreds of police officers, military personnel and civil servants in South Africa.  

Mark Thatcher was an arms dealer middle man for the Saudis. Mark inherited the Thatcher baronetcy on the death of his father, Sir Denis, in 2003. The Saudi Arabian Government felt unable to place the multi-billion pound Al Yamama arms deal with Britain without going through a consultancy firm consisting of Mark Thatcher and an old school chum. "Working" for a small percentage, this resulted in Mark Thatcher wrangled a  £30 million fee for his  business skills in putting through the Al Yamama arms deal , in India we derisively call it it “sweat equity” .


Who is responsible for obesity in British schools?  Who stopped the milk in schools are started giving junk food?


Who is responsible for mad cow disease , downgrading the mental acuity of an entire smart race who once ruled the world?

According to Prof. Richard Lacey, a leading critic of the UK government's policy on BSE or Bovine spongiform encephalopathy , 'Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher knew everything, but simply stalled for time. She deceived and lied'. On 13 May 1990, the Sunday Times carried the front-page news 'Leading Food Scientist Calls for Slaughter of Six Million Cows'.  

This bombshell came from Richard Lacey, who called for 'authoritative advice from medical doctors instead of  Margaret Thatcher who is telling us that everything is safe'.



From the time the first BSE cases were detected in the UK, the British government had insisted that the disease was not dangerous to humans.  The first official case of mad cow disease was identified in UK in November 1986.



Below video: Tribute from her daughter Carol Thatcher-- my mother said that her place in history is assured.

 

Big Brother has failed to get the EPL fans observe a minute silence, and they have given up this smart idea as infeasible— as the whole stadium will BOOOOOO.    

Lowering the cutting the audio and taking long distance video shots will NOT help , as people use their mobile phones on video mode and will upload it on the Internet.

The main stream media is trying to put the people to shame by asking “What kind of country are we when people rejoice that an old lady had a stroke and died?”. 

The answer lies in analysing the reason.

We all walk this planet for maybe 70 years , are the downtrodden NOT entitled to some compassion?
After the game of life , which is the only sure thing on this planet, the queen and the pawns ( those enemies from within ) all go to the same box.

Such tear jerkers of main stream media will cut NO ice.  

QUOTE:  
A lot of those men belonged to the old school who “didn’t speak ill of the dead”.   And had they been alive today they’d have been appalled at the vitriol heaped on a frail old woman who hasn’t been politically active for two decades and who lost her mind years ago.    These people haven’t just trashed Thatcher.  They’ve trashed one of our last taboos – that you don’t speak ill of the dead.  Now, there is no respect for the dead.   And soon there’ll be no respect for anything.  UNQUOTE

SNIFF, I must cry now. BOOOO HOOOOO !!


Hey, is Hitler dead , yet?


Above: Everybody in UK knows who gave nuclear technology to Israel.


Look at it another way.  Spending a fortune in tax-payers money on the Iron Lady’s funeral has rubbed salt on wounds and pissed off John Bull.   He is now awake from a deep slumber induced on him since the Battle of Waterloo, when Rothschild made inroads from Germany to Britain.  

He knows why  former MI5 officer Peter Wright's autobiography 'Spycatcher' , which exposed Lord Victor Rothschild was suppressed in UK.  



In 1986 Victor Rothschild penned 'Paying for Local Government'(policy paper) that led to the notorious Poll Tax that fell hardest on the poorest, and which brought Britons onto the streets of London in their hundreds of thousands in 1990.

They know why Rothschild caused BBC Chairman Marmaduke Hussey to be sacked in 1987.

They know why billions of pounds of silver were auctioned off to the highest bidders, mostly to Rothschild's kith and kin.

John Bull now knows that Rothschild has benefitted from all these privatizations- British Shipbuilding, British Telecom (BT) the old Post Office Telecommunications, British Airports Authority (BAA), British Gas ( Rothschilds handled the six billion pound sell-off of British Gas), British Airways, British Petroleum (BP), Rolls Royce aero engines, British Steel, British Aerospace, Water Boards, Electricity etc. 

A British MP heavily involved in these privatisations is future Chancellor of the Exchequer, Norman Lamont, a former Rothschild banker.

In 1987,  Edmond de Rothschild creates the World Conservation Bank which is designed to transfer debts from third world countries to this bank and in return those countries would give land to this bank.  This is designed so the Rothschilds can gain control of the third world which represents 30% of the land surface of the Earth.

Margaret Thatcher was PM of UK till Nov 1990 after 3 terms. She has very shrewdly kept her personal yard arm clear of Mad Cow disease accusations .  

Let me tell you, the Mad Cow disease had infected human brains in UK since 1996.   The incubation period is long.  



The medical lobby meanwhile will be arm twisted to convert the human variant of Mad Cow disease , Creutzfeldt-Jakob’s disease (vCJD) to something like Alzhiemers—till the whole thing explodes in their faces .  



I will NOT be surprised if this issue will become like another “ SIX MILLION JEWS “ affair, where telling the truth will be punishable by law.



Just wait and watch. The Internet has given Margaret Thatcher a clean chit -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil is the only one who holds her guilty.

Yes, the Big Ben will be silenced for her services, since she is the pet of Rothschild.




The last time the Big Ben was silenced was for another Rothschild stooge Winston Churchill, whose mother Jenny Jerome was Jewish and a Rothschild .

Truth speech is now being branded as HATE SPEECH—and this post will qualify as one,  never mind that I have been watching the whole of Britain with my eyes for 40 years— NOT just what they show on TV or Hollywood.



Any John Bull or tax payer or the branded “enemy from within miner” protesting at Thatcher's funeral next week will be surely attacked and profiled. 

Take care !!

RIP honourable Baroness Maggie !!!
********************************************************************
AKSHARDHAM HINDU TEMPLE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
3100 YEAR OLD MARTHANDA SUN TEMPLE OF KASHMIR,  DESTROYED BY MUSLIM INVADER SIKANDER BUTSHIKAN ,  THE AKSHARDHAM EXPERIENCE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The most spectacular monument in India would have been the 3100 year old Marthanda sun temple of Kashmir, if it had NOT been destroyed by the 7th invader Muslim king of Kashmir , Sikandar Butshikan, out of sheer jealousy.  

There was no treasure in the temple vaults.  

Taj Mahal would have been nowhere.

It took Sikander Butshikan’s soldiers 13 months to destroy this glorious temple . Such was its amazing strength with huge interlocking stones.  

If you go on Google EARTH and zoom in at Lat 33°44′44″N Long 75°13′13″E,  nine kilometres east-north-east of Anantnag district headquarters you can see how big it is.




The roof  this temple was gold coated and spires were solid gold.




Above is a black and white photo of the ruins of this magnificent temple ,  taken in 1868 by John Burke.   



Cruel and blood thirsty Muslim invader king Sikander Butshikan,  the second Sultan of the Swati Afghan Shah Miri dynasty of Kashmir ( 1389–1413 AD ) was an ethnic cleanser who was the first on this planet to be guilty of a true holocaust.  

His cousins were ruling Afghanistan and the Western part of Pakistan. They had been ruling Kabul lagmant and Swat in 1190–1520, and are known as Jahangiri dynasty in history.

Almost all glorious Hindu temples were destroyed by Muslim invaders and the stones used for building mosques and other structures.

Every body talks about the grossly inflated 6 million Jew holocaust and genocide.  

Nobody talks about 90 million Hindus killed.   

No history books write about it.   

It is fashion to ignore the Hindus in India, their own country.   Hinduism is the only secular religion without a conversion agenda by lollypop sops or force -- all know that.  

But in India the Hindu majority is always wrong, and they must be cowards , as per the Italian waitress turned empress.   If Hindus retaliate and give back as good as they got, it become Hindu terror.  

Her "not so bright" son Rahul Gandhi went so far as to complain to the US ambassador Timothy Roemer about Hindu terror. ( Wiki leaks ) and that Hindus are biggest threat to India -- big mistake.  He lost all goodwill !!.

Thank god it is the Internet era.

Punch into Google search THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE  VADAKAYIL

Akshardham temple is in New Delhi, India. There is a sister temple in Gandhidham Gujarat.

Islamic extremists tried to destroy this temple on 24th Sept 2002 out of sheer jealousy.   They failed to do it, and all they could do was to kill 32 persons including women and children , and injuring more than 80.  The extremists were shot dead by Indian commandos.  

So this is why tourists are NOT allowed to take cameras and mobile phones in Akshardma temples any more.

Now, I would like you to punch into Google search RUINED CITY OF HAMPI VADAKAYIL.

You will see that NO ruins on this planet whether in Rome, Athens or Egypt,  can come anywhere near in sheer glory. 

Tourists should first see Akshardham temple before they go to Hampi ruins.  Only then they can visualize the glory of ancient Indian temples at its prime – gold , silver , precious stones and rosewood everywhere..  

The Nizam of Hyderabad just got a small percentage of the stolen Hampi treasures, yet this was enough to propel him to the richest man on this planet.


Now let me put a few pictures of Akshardham temple at New Delhi first, before I proceed.


























































This temple uses no steel or concrete.  It has more than 20,000 intricately carved murtis or idols.  The Narayan Sarovar is a lake that surrounds the main monument.  The lake contains holy waters from 151 rivers of India and lakes which included lake  Mansarovar near Mount Kailash. . 

And like a necklace around the monument is the parikarma, the double-storied colonnade which is nearly 2 kms long and has 1,660 pillars.

Adding beauty is the Yagnapurush Kund, a pool with 2,870 steps and 108 small shrines. There are more than 100 acres with beautiful gardens, water fountains and carved pavilions. . 

The Akshardham experience is an enlightening journey through India’s glorious art and values.


On 17 December 2007, Michael Whitty, an official world record adjudicator for Guinness World Records, came skippety skip -- nay-- hoppety hop , to India to present a new world record for the Akshardham temple complex. They are ignorant as there are several temples in India which are bigger and even grander.

Has anybody seen the 1000 pillar hall of Madurai Meenakshi temple?  See below.



Or the temple of Arunachala at Thiruvanmalai, Tamil Nadu ( below )  ? 



Or the Ranganathaswamy Temple at Srirangam, Tamil Nadu ( below ),  in 156 acres of land ?




There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha , the space between the electrons in an atom.  The electron is made to jump an orbit and everything changes.




The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva also known as Tamas -Rajas- Sattwa.   The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .  This is represented by the trident ( trishul) of Lord Shiva.

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catabolism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.
********************************************************************
SWINGING THE CRICKET BALL , CURVING THE SOCCER BALL , FLUID MECHANICS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

OUT SWING , IN SWING , REVERSE SWING , BENDING THE FOOTBALL IN FLIGHT WITH BANANA KICK , BERNOULLI’S PRINCIPLE , MAGNUS EFFECT , LAMINAR AND TURBULENT FLOW , GYROSCOPIC PRECESSION , TOP SPIN UNDER SPIN IN TENNIS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



First watch the video below.  This will convince you, that there is a science to swinging a ball or bending the soccer ball in flight like Beckham. Or else you cannot get the accuracy which the video shows.

Mind you all these fluid mechanics were known to Indians and recorded 7000 years ago. It is just that the white Christian invader patented the knowledge in their own names and destroyed the originals.

The below video shows Magnus Effect in a boomerang





Now watch the video ( below ) , of how we pump put liquids using an educator pump on a ship.






9000 years ago our ancient Maharishis cleared their sinuses before they sat down for pranayama and meditation.  They mixed some salt in like warm water in a bowl and drank up the water through the nose ( red stream of video ).  The phlegm in the sinus was drawn out from the capillaries ( blue stream of video ) and expelled through the mouth.  

See video below:  Sinuses are cleared before meditation.




You will appreciate that no SOB will drink water through his nose , unless he was cock sure of the principle behind this.

So , now we are allowed to learn the same thing in our Physics books at school , with a patented white man's name BERNOULLI.

The  Bernoulli's venture principle, states that fluid under high pressure is converted into a high-velocity jet at the throat of the convergent-divergent nozzle which creates a low pressure at that point. The low pressure draws the suction fluid into the convergent-divergent nozzle where it mixes with the motive fluid.


So we have a Jew Johann Bernoulli  ( who was in the Rothchild spice trade with Calicut  ) who settled down to claim glory for our Calculus ( which he could not make head or tail of ) and his smarter son Daniel Bernoulli given the credit of the hydrodynamics—all thanks to the German Basel mission in Calicut , my hometown.

To find out how much dis service Basel mission did to Kerala and my hometown Calicut, punch into Google search HERMANN GUNDERT VADAKAYIL


Johann Bernoulli was on the side of German Jew Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz in the bitter dispute with English Freemason Isaac Newton about who will take credit for the stolen Calculus. 


To read more about this Calculus dispute ( stolen from the Kerala school of Mathematics ) punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

A) Below video: Watch what airflow can do to a TT ball.




B) And how about this-- surprised?





C) Or this?



D) Or the Magnus force , by which Roberto Carlos bent the soccer ball like a banana?



E) Below video:  Have a look at gyroscopic precession.




A boomerang does funny things because it is in fact a gyroscope.  Aerodynamic forces generate a twisting moment which cause the "gyroscope" to precess and to move on a circular path.


F) Below video: Magnus force again-- check out how a golf ball with back spin will go soaring high.





All these forces and effects are mentioned in our ancient Vedic texts .

Punch into Google search MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL


Why did the ping pong ball stay steady in the air ?

The pressure inside the stream of air generated by the hairdryer was lower than the air swirling around it. This surrounding air pushed on all sides of the ball, which held it inside the hairdryer air stream. Gravity stopped the ball from flying straight up into the air. When hairdryer is tipped to a certain point the ball falls down. This is the point at which gravity was exerts a greater force on the ball than the air pressure does.

As you can see Magnus effect is a push of air, Bernoulli's principle is the decreasing of pressure in a stream of fluid. One pushes, the other pulls..

When a golfer bashes a ball with a back spin, the ball soars in the air, due to Magnus effect .  When the ball lands from a height it spins backwards on the grass.  



Same effect can be seen in tennis when a player chops the ball with an under spin. The pressure differential, high on one side and low on the other, creates a lift force ( Magnus force) that causes the ball to move in the direction of the pressure differential (i.e., from high to low).

Cristiano Ronaldo is one of the most feared free kick takers on this planet.  This man is a superb athlete and his is intelligent  for he can anticipate..  

Sometimes he makes the ball swerve in a unpredictable manner by kicking on the soccer ball air valve with a toe shot.  

Ronaldo can also curve the ball in air, with a banana kick using Magnus force.  A banana kick is an off-center kick that makes the ball curve in the air.  

A curve ball is a nightmare for the goal keeper , as he is often blinded by the human wall. By the time he sees the ball coming past the edge of the wall, it is too late. 

When you kick a soccer ball off-center it will spin. If you kick the right-hand side of the ball with the inside of your right foot, then it will spin in a counter clockwise direction, but kick it on the left-hand side with the outside of your right foot and it will spin clockwise. 

The greater the spin you can put on the ball by using friction between the football boot and the ball surface , and also more the offset of the kicked spot from the centre of gravity,  the more the ball will swerve.  On a rainy day with less friction between the boot and the ball, it will be difficult to spin the ball.

If you see the free kick taken by Roberto Carlos for Brazil ( 1997 match against France) , he kicked the ball from a spot 115 feet from the goal, close to the corner of the D on the edge of the penalty area, at a great velocity of about 80 mph.  

The subsequent swerve was so dramatic that a ball boy standing 33 feet to the side of the goal jumped out of his skin as he thought the ball was gonna smash his head . But it  swerved suddenly away from him and beat the astonished goalkeeper.



In the last World Cup in South Africa, ( where they galleries kept blowing those loud irritating horns ) there was considerable controversy . The FIFA soccer ball was new and light, and nobody could get proper ball control—and this included the best soccer players.  

Hardly anybody scored from  long-range shots or free kicks. Players were simply unable to control the swerve of the bal, because their coaching was no good.

After the world cup, sport scientists used wind tunnel experiments, high-speed video camera analysis, trajectory simulations, and computer modeling to get a hand of what is happening.

In the time of the Hungarian Frenic Pushkas, the ball was too heavy.  Whoever had more brute leg power he was a success.  If Pushkas were to hit todays  FIFA ball, it will swerve out of trajectory.

David Beckham and Ronaldo Beckham could make the ball  rise up over the human wall and then down again so that it doesn't fly over the goal post bar.  Beckham would literally caress the ball  with his foot like a tennis player, he used more ball control and less power. 



The power with which the ball is kicked and the amount of spin that is generated are inversely related.  The ball will go straighter the harder you kick it. The ball will curve most when it slows down from turbulent flow into the laminar flow regime. Good players like Ronaldo know how to get this transition to happen just after the ball has passed the human wall..



Magnus effect is called after German Jew Heinrich Gustav Magnus , who had access to Indian ancient texts, thanks to German Jew Rothschild..  

Consider a ball that is spinning about an axis perpendicular to the flow of air across it . The air travels faster relative to the center of the ball where the periphery of the ball is moving in the same direction as the airflow. This reduces the pressure, according to Bernouilli's principle.  





The opposite effect happens on the other side of the ball, where the air travels slower relative to the center of the ball. There is therefore an imbalance in the forces and the ball deflects . This lateral deflection of a ball in flight is generally known as the "Magnus effect".




The Magnus effect can be applied in any direction,  and in this way an athlete can create backspin, topspin, and sidespin.   Tennis players and volleyball players use the Magnus effect when they apply topspin to make the ball drop suddenly while in flight.  A topspin combines with gravity’s downward pull,  and this is why topspin forehands in tennis (and table tennis) arc viciously over the net and down toward the court.  

A backspin, on the other hand, fights against gravity. The more spin, the more the ball will “hang” in the air.  Because the backspin is rotating in the opposing direction that the ball is traveling, the spin causes the ball to slow down and even jump backward once it hits the court surface.  Experienced players are able to “read” the spin on the ball from the motion of their opponent’s racket.

The Magnus effect is NOT responsible for the swing movement of the cricket ball in mid air. --although it does contribute to the motion known as drift in spin bowling.

Now , let me talk about swing bowling in Cricket.  There is more to fu#kin' cricket than Balla having a Mulaaqat with gendh.  

The olden day Hindi cricket commentators were pathetic— mulaqaat nahi ho saka,  isliye thappa khaane ke baad siddha gaya gendh wicket keeper ke haath mein.

Australian cricket umpire Darrell Bruce Hair along with fellow Australian Simon Taufel, and New Zealander Billy Bowden, was appointed to the ICC Elite umpire panel.

Darrell Hair apparently was a racist and he had problems with ze brown skins of Indian sub-continent origin.
Hair umpired his first Test match in January 1992, between Australia and India in Adelaide. The test was won by Australia and according to the Wisden was "marred … by controversy lbw decisions – eight times Indians were given out

In a match between Australia and Sri Lanka in Melbourne, he no balled Muttiah Muralitharan seven times in three overs for chucking.

On the fourth day of the fourth Test between England and Pakistan at The Oval, seeing the ball swinging the wrong way, Darrell Hair ruled that the Pakistani team had been involved in ball tampering.  He awarded five penalty runs to England and offered them a replacement ball.  

In protest the Pakistani players refused to take the field after the tea break. After 30 minutes the umpires removed the bails, declared England winners by forfeiture.

After an ICC board meeting discussed his actions in a Test match between Pakistan and England in 2006 it was decided he should not umpire matches involving the test playing nations. 

In an e-mail to the ICC Hair wrote that he would resign from the ICC Elite Umpire Panel in return for a non-negotiable one-off payment of US$500,000 directly into his bank account. How chweeet!

Hair wrote that the payment was to compensate for the loss of future earnings and retainer payments




Former Sri Lankan captain, Arjuna Ranatunga, welcomed the decision saying that "Hair had a prejudice against Asian teams. I am happy that he is finally out".

Naseem Ashraf, chairman of the PCB, said "Mr Hair was removed from the ICC panel of umpires because of his bad umpiring and his poor judgement.

But the whites still considered him the best. After all vicious and vulgar sledging and dubious umpiring had taken them that far in world cricket.

In the aftermath of the Oval incident Hair was voted Umpire of the Season in a poll carried out by The Wisden Cricketer.

 A leaked ICC report showed that before the Oval incident, Hair was ranked the second-best umpire overall and number one in decision-making.  

In February 2007 Hair announced he was suing the ICC and the Pakistan Cricket Board on grounds of racial discrimination—how do you like that? The spiked fist is complaining against the bloodied nose.
On 22 August 2008 Hair handed in his resignation to the ICC in order to take up a coaching role-good riddance.

A West Indian umpire too had a problem with brown skins . Steve Bucknor  was removed by the ICC from officiating in the third Test between Australia and India in Perth after his several incorrect decisions contributed to India's defeat in the second Test in Sydney in January 2008.  He was almost like a slave to the Aussies and the other white teams, for survival I guess.   

Subsequently he was removed from officiating the next test match, after the Indian team got ready to break the tour forfeit the series and come home. Enough was enough. Sport must be treated as sport,NOT highway robbery.

But when BCCI got more powerful with financial clout, Steve Bucknor was booted out. Former umpire Dickie Bird suggested that Bucknor had "gone on too long".

Steve Bucknor blamed India's financial power for his ouster— you are dang right maaan!



The ICC confirmed on 23 February 2009 that Bucknor had decided to retire from umpiring in March 2009. Good riddance , again.

Pakistanis were often discriminated against for ball tampering.  The thing was their fast bowler Sarfraz Nawaz found a way to reverse swing the cricket ball, which none of the white skins knew.  Sarfaz Nawaz did not know what caused it,but he could do it.  

He passed this trick on to Imran Khan who passed it on to Wasim Akram and Waqar Younis.   Today it is no more a secret. Every cricketing country knows how to do this, and the umpires too.

So let me  talk about out swing, in swing and reverse swing .



In cricket swing bowling the ball is NOT spun.  The ball has a seam at the “equator” .







One hemisphere is polished and other hemisphere is kept rough , which is natural wear and tear .   If you try to roughen the rough side side manually , or polish the polished side with Vaseline etc this is ball tampering.

Above:  This is an out swing scenario. The polished side ( RH side ) has a smooth air flow,  while the rough side ( LH side ) has turbulent flow.  The seam is aimed at the second slip fielder.

For inswing  bowling , the opposite happens. The rough side of the ball is now kept to the RH side and polished side is kept to the LH side. The seam is now aimed to the LH side of the wicket keeper (  his left hand while facing the bowler ) -- just opposite to the outswing position..

There is NO rocket science here . The ball always swings to the rough side, where there is turbulent air flow..  

Imagine a boat in water.  You paint the underwater RH side smooth and on the underwater LH side you have rough encrusted barnacles, the boat will tend to steer towards the rough side.  

Now imagine just like the  seam of the cricket ball  , the boat’s sharp bow is also twisted to the left.  The boat will turn more readily to the left.  Even a retarded child can visualize this.

For successful swing bowling,  the ball should be released so that it spins along the seam ( backwards ) to get minimal wobble.  Wind-tunnel tests on spinning cricket balls show that the maximum side force is generated at about 70 mph with the seam angled at 20 degrees and the ball spinning backwards at 11 revolutions/second.




Dry hot sunny days don’t favour swing bowling, whereas overcast sky and wet pitches with moisture evaporating , are found to be most conducive for swing bowling.  Good swing bowling is virtually unplayable,  especially if the batsman has NO dang idea which is the rough/ shiny side of the ball.

If you are facing a good swing bowler , you can reduce the chances of getting out either nicking off to the slips by playing defensively with soft hands.

Off swing bowler’s follow through is across his chest, while the inswing bowler’s action is a bit weird with follow though coming in a straight line.

Fast bowlers rely on sheer pace to dismiss batsmen, but the fast bowlers who bag more wickets are the ones who know the art of swing bowling without a wobbly seam , by using back spin. .

Opening batsmen must know how to anticipate swing . Or they will be back to the pavilion in a deep sulk sooner rather than later.

The fluid mechanics of swing bowling is about  turbulent and laminar airflow.  Laminar air hugs the surface of the smooth side of the ball , separates from the surface of the ball earlier than turbulent flow air. 

The air separation point is more towards the front of the ball on the laminar flow side than on the turbulent side,  where air hugs the surface and separates only after reaching the backside of the ball, with lesser push than on the other smooth side — thus giving a swing to the ball with the seam still steady..  

Or put your brain in pickle by remembering that a  shiny side moves faster through the air then the rough side.  Seedhi baath hai!

Now let me talk about reverse swing.   Even the best coaches and the best bowlers of reverse swing do NOT know the theory behind it.  It does NOT happen by accident. It is made to happen.




Normal swing occurs mostly when the ball is new. As it wears more, it is more difficult to extract a large amount of swing.

Reverse swing occurs in exactly the same manner as conventional swing, despite popular misconception. 

Previously it swung towards the pointed seam--now it swings away from the pointed seam.

The ball normally starts reverse swinging after about 35 overs.  

A bowler who could only bowl outswingers at the onset with the new ball can now bowl inswingers with an older ball without any change in the grip or bowling action –he just points the flattened seam the opposite way.   The ball swings towards the same rough side .

With reverse swing, both sides of the ball are rough, but now the seam has more of an effect.  The polished side has become a bit rough due to wear and is now heavy due to moisture and oil ingress , due to  body oils and fluids.  

Bumps appear on the polished side, due to the non-uniform nature of the expansion due to moisture ingress into leather . The shiny side has water pockets in it and is heavier  whilst the rough side has air pockets and is lighter. The centre of gravity of the cricket ball has shifted off centre towards the shiny heavier side.

These raised bumps invariably creates valleys, which hold the air in the same manner as the rough side. The turbulent boundary is thicker on this bumpy valley side  from the ball surface .

Reverse swing can be done only by fast bowlers. . Unlike conventional swing, reverse swing will swing the ball in the direction the seam is NOT pointing. ( read the NOT part well ) . Remember, the seam stays in position and upright because of the backward spin given to the ball..



Reverse swing is more lethal because the ball swings very late.


Reverse swing is more effective with a low sling shot arm action like fast bowlers Lasith Malinga or Waqar Younis,  who make the ball swing VERY late – which is virtually unplayable..



Below video: Wanna know more about Magnus force?  watch the TT ball below !!.

Punch into Google search BIR BAHADUR OF EME SECUNDERABAD VADAKAYIL where I talk about spooking the National Champion with Magnus effect.  People were watching with mouths agape.
********************************************************************
SANATANA DHARMA, ESSENCE OF THE HINDU WAY OF LIFE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
HINDUISM,  VEDANTA,  THE MINDSET OF A HINDU – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Before 7000 BC Hindu India ruled the whole world.   

After 7000 BC India ruled from Palestine to Urals to Vietnam. The Hindu temples of the far east are still there.  The western side had demolished all “pagan” temples and put new structures of new religions on top .



Indians were slaves of the Muslim and Christian invaders for 800 years .  Hindusim has survived despite lollypops  as sops by Christian invaders and pain of sword by Muslim invaders.

Most of the new sprung religions have rigid dogmas,  Hindusim has none.  Hinduism which is NOT an organized religion has always subordinated intellect to intuition , inner realization and human spirit.   

Blind belief in dogma can never save and is for fools , who submit to immoral repressive authority.. the cause of so many inquistions and religious wars.

It is a safe estimate that 250 million people have been killed in the name of Christianity since the past 2000 years .  

This does NOT include the 1.7 million bubonic plague victims could be blamed on Christianity if we factor in the fact that the pope declared cats to be the mediums of the devil and destroyed most of them, leaving Europe open to a rat infestation that spread the plague-- 

--and such collateral damage.  All such damaging records have been deliberately deleted by Vatican.

Let us now look at Islamic Jehad.   Realistic killed estimates are —
120 million Africans
40 million Christians
85 million Hindus
10 million Buddhists

Is is moral to kill people of aliens religions , quoting divine sanction ? –as is quoted in a single religious book .

Hinduism has never allowed religious persecution .. This is why Jews came to India to escape persecution 2000 years ago.   This is why the Parsis came to India.

Why do evangelists come on TV to damn and ridicule other faiths , and made a great false display of the greatness of their own faith?

Is this possible for an evangelist to convince people that only their religion is in the light while all other religions are groping in the dark-- in the modern literate age?  Is not this attempt to convince by deceit itself a challenge to a fight?

The vedas are the intuitions of noble seers, and there is NIL dogma involved.  They are the spiritual experiences and opinions of great purified souls , the real experts on religion, endowed with the sense of reality, being capable  of peeking beyond the veil of Maya..  

They made it simple for the common modern day man saddled with stress and every day problems, who has no time to reflect or meditate, by giving them a formula for life management  . This is the basis of the great Hindu tradition and culture, which we must be proud of.  It is NOT about Hinduism, it is about India..  

Hinduism has always been an inclusive and flexible . It is a potpourri of spiritual though and practice.  No fanaticism is accepted within Hinduism, such is the grace.  

It has even accepted the ancient and antique aboriginal gods with their queer and strange customs .  Many sects professing vastly different beliefs exist within the folds of Sanatana Dharma.  

You are allowed space to imagine the form and figure of your own choice gods, it need NOT be an invisible field like brahmAn or a bleeding man on a cross or an obese man deep in meditation. Heresy hunting is NOT allowed in Hindusim, it is the only single thing which is indeed rigid.  

You want to worship a whole mountain, go ahead, you won’t be ridiculed .  Hindusim has never attempted to shatter the moral codes and beliefs of the aborigine.  The gods of savages were always placed on the same platform as the most revered gods of Hinduism. 

Below:  Prehistoric festival of Kerala 12000 BC,  which has fire walking too.



The code of Sanatana Dharma does NOT allow threats ,  not even gentle suggestions when it came to your own spiritual code.  The Hindu guru when approached by a pupil would only be asked as to who his isthadevata  ( god of own choice ) is, so that space can be created for him, to make him comfortable.  This god would never be lowered but only raised.  

Hinduism is tempered by metaphysics..  Hinduism never says that only Hindus will achieve salvation.  Any religions which says only their folks will achieve salvation and land up at the pearly gates on the day of judgement,  is NOT a religion at all.  

Is not this world large enough to hold people with different natures and beliefs?.  The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal.

Religions must always aim at righteous and fair living, which respects all , and this includes the flora and fauna. The fundamentals of Sanatana Dharma as per the Bhagwat Gita are-- respect, truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity.

How many Christians know that Jesus was born a Jew and died a Jew?

How many muslims know that Koran was edited and compiled decades after the death of Mohammed by his disciples,  a lot of which happened in the Cheraman Perumal mosque of Kodungallur , the cultural centre of Calicut king ( my home town ).

How many of you know that converted Indian Christians and Indian Muslims turn to the solace of Hinduism when they are in real trouble , and death is around the corner?

Is it easy to alter the sub conscious and the DNA programming just because a evangelist gave your child admission to a catholic school and forced to  convert as his pound of flesh?  

Is it possible for a CONVERTED cat who is raised in a city flat to stop scratching at the commode seat after a crap? 




Conversions by exploiting vulnerability is called prostituting the soul. 

In the picture below a small girl is given an ice cream to suck on by a perverted pedophile.  This innocent girl will soon pay the price.







Below conversions by sword -- convert, or else!  Is this religion ?




The laws of Manu , poison injected by the white Christian invader,  is a dogma which goes against the basic tenets of  Hindusim.  First of all Manu did NOT write any police laws how a Brahmin should keep a Shudra in control by pouring molten lead in his ears.  Manu was too noble for that.

Punch into Google search MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER VADAKAYIL

Hinduism does NOT dismiss other religions as imperfect.  Hinduism has never tried to convert people of other religions, it is NOT necessary—such is the inner confidence.  

Hindus given always given space to people of other religions, and allowed them to follow their own paths towards self realization.  Every tradition of path which helps elevate a man’s spirit is held as worthy of adherence.   

Sanatana Dharma  has no founder or a Supreme head.  There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonize a human into a saint, by hoodwinking the unsuspecting masses.  Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.  

This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions.  You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.  At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme.  Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith-- unless the faith is an extension of reason.  

It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology.  Reincarnation is tied closely to the doctrine of karma.  Karma is the belief that the actions during the previous life determine the conditions of each person's birth.  

Hinduism is the only religion that  has NOT reduced itself to one man, one book, one faith.

The theory of Karma complies with universal laws , not as fake display for the gallery and cameras , but deep within the mind, behind closed doors too.  Hindusim has never opted for religious conformity , and has been always about the dharma of fairness, inclusivity and integrity.  

This is why it is the only religion which advocated vegetarainsim and protection to the environment.  The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature and interrupting natural flow of energy. It is about peaceful co-existence .

Hinduism recognizes the human spirit.  Moksha is self emancipation, the fulfillment of the inner spirit.  Hindus respect their dead and the shradda ceremony is intended to include our past ancestors and look upon them in gratitude.  

In Hinduism marriage is about commitment and is NOT about sex alone . This is why divorce is a miniscule percentage.  A Hindu woman will NOT go for silicon implants to save her marriage.  The relationship has to be created by exploring each other and compromise after marriage, since Hindu marriages are arranged.  Divorce is taken as accepting defeat . 

Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents.  

A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.


Nowdays our Indian TV is full of programmes to make our young kids become SOBs, full of hate , unnatural competition-- where women are encouraged to shed their femininity –an example is the vulgar MTV Roadies. 

Women to prove that they are not losers ( western concept ) are put in vulgar conflict with their inner graceful nature and Indian values , to provide, to protect and be compassionate .



By the way-- this crude and ego laden MTV anchor Raghu , has not yet met a real man !  

All these stupid Yank TV sitcoms , where all for the sake of canned laughter,  a young girl abuses her father,  a teenager boy bad mouths his mother,  a wife is sarcastic with her her husband etc has taken over Indian culture.  Today when you hear college kids speak you get to hear  ‘  you guys, dude , cool maan,  loser, etc ‘ every now and then .


Today our opinions are hijacked,  and we are brainwashed  by the big brother monopolized media and movies.  The white man drives into the Indian psyche that we are rapists , and insensitive to our women when nothing is further from the truth.  Indian women have always been respected.   A few druggie migrant laborers in Delhi looking for past time at night,  in NOT India.

After independence the white christian man left India with a mulatto race ( Anglo Indians ) of more than 3.8 lakhs.  None of these off springs had the sanctity of marriage.  Sex was forced by the white master man on a helpless young brown skinned slave woman . It was never by mutual consent.

 These are the people advising us today about rape using foreign funded TV , forcing youngsters to do "candle light vigils" aping the west.. 

They encourage Indian girls to have a Valentine lover while in school. Recently they wanted to lower the sex consent age to 16, so that from 16 to 18 your your darling daughter can go to school with a condom in her school bag.

When Amish Tripati converted Lord Shiva into a sex starved mortal,  foreign funded TV anchors like Arnab Goswami who pretends to be a great self righteous DESH BHAKT wanted an autographed copy, asking his readers to buy his Shiva Trilogy books. 

Have you ever heard any TV channel utter the banned word ( by pain of death )  ROTHSCHILD? 





#############################




Digression:


“If you can cut the people off from their history, then they can be easily persuaded.”-   German Jew Karl Marx (1818-1883)

Marxism is the most destructive and morally reprehensible worldview the world has ever known. The perpetual violence that has been instigated by Marxist movements, totalitarian Communist dictatorships, bloody guerrilla wars, and terrorist bloodshed has been responsible for more deaths and suffering during the twentieth century than any other rival ideology of that era, including National Socialism.  Marxism has led to the destruction of cultures, the dehumanization and misery of large segments of the global population, and the degeneration of the human spirit.  Marxism is an atheistic and materialistic philosophy that views human beings as purely mechanistic, characterless and utilitarian automatons.  For Marxists, human persons are to be reduced, both philosophically and in practice, to nothing more than soulless and bland laborers, whose existence only has meaning in direct proportion to their degree of utility by, and enslavement to, the state.

Yes, so there was nothing before.  

Nothing happened and then nothing caused nothing to explode, created everything everywhere.  

And first came them freaky dinosaurs, who kept evolving to what we see around us .  

Bravo,  ye atheists created by German Jew Rothschild.  You have the blood of 95 million in your hands,  in such a short time. BRAVO-- WAY TO GO!!.

###################### Our caste system was imposed on us by the Christian invader for divide and rule.  From time immemorial Indians have allowed the Brahmins the freedom of pursuing spiritual matters and the martial Kshatriya race the freedom of fighting. The remaining jobs were shared between the skilled workers ( vaishyas ) and the unskilled workers ( shudras ).

You will get an idea of this sensible system of 4 pillars of society if you punch into google search THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

Hinduism has always been a growing process deriving strength from deep rooted and revered traditions .  It has never been a stubborn revelation,  like the other religions.

With the internet age, where the super information highway afforded by the large hearted Internet had allowed access to real truths, the world is now looking at Hinduism with fresh eyes.  

Quantum physics has met  the morphogenetic consciousness field of Vedanta  , and this last frontier is now breached.  For the uninitiated ,  Vedanta is the essense of voluminous literature of the Vedas written in 5000 BC by seers on the banks of the river Saraswati . It is the ultimate knowledge, once knowing which, there is nothing further to be known.  

None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis. Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded..

The Bible says that the big bang took place in 4004 BC, while  Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.

Charles Darwin and his money gang will soon  have to give way in school science books  to Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpent.  This is the DNA  which cannot be destroyed-  as mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC ,  as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.  

NASA has already proved that the black stone of Shiva Lingam is the provider of the seed –and hence the allegory to the divine phallus.

Punch into Google search NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL

The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.  

The ancient 7000 year old Vedanta and quantum physics approach the subject from widely divergent points of view and use vastly different language to treat it.  Yet they can reconcile without diminishing the importance or subtlety of either.

Hinduism ,the mother of all religions is NOT a religion at all —but a way of life based on the principle of Dharma.

The Upanishads form the concluding portions of the Veda and therefore called the “Vedanta” or the end of the Veda and contains the essence of Vedic teachings.  The Vedas in its unchanged unabridged format in Sanskrit verses , have guided the Indian’s religious direction for ages and will continue to do so till our sun goes supernova. .

The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. The Sanskrit word for philosophy is darshan or 'seeing', which implies that Sanatana Dharma is is grounded firmly on human consciousness and perception.

The Vedic sages who discovered brahmAn  had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth.  Unlike modern Western Christian and Jew philosophers who lift Vedic ideas without any understanding , and patent it in their names.

Modern science accepted consciousness of Sanatana Dharma , only after it got shell shocked by the results of the quantum double slit experiment.. The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world.

No fundamental deficiencies have been found in quantum mechanics, since the past 7 decades. Einstein warned us that science without religion is blind and that religion without science is lame.  Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before.

The intuition of Hindu mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity. The concept of the macrocosm as microcosm exists in Vedanta—that the greater divine [light] is reflected in the human body—that the spiritual human … has encoded within it a divine blueprint. 



There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha, the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.  An electron drops or rises one single orbit and the matter changes drastically.



The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa ( 3 pronged trishul of Shiva ) .  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.



Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherd's or by evolved seers?
The story of India is the history of religion. The more you know, the more you will fall in love with India and Hinduism .  

Hinduism’s universal world-view and its willingness to accept and celebrate diverse philosophies, deities, symbols, and practices, makes it a religion that emphasizes similarities and shared characteristics rather than differences.

Growth is slow when roots are deep.




Punch into Google search IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL

-- to check out how the white Christian invader tried to destroy Hinduism by injecting vulgar sex and bestiality .

Hindusim , the oldest religion of 9500 BC,  has survived all such onslaughts and will survive and thrive against all odds.
********************************************************************
THRISSUR POORAM FESTIVAL, THE MOTHER OF ALL CARNIVALS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MEETING OF THE GODS ,  CYMATICS FOR A  2.1 MILLION  CONGREGATION  ILANJITHARA MELAM ,  KUDAMATTAM ,  PANCHAVADYAM  , VADAKUMNATHAN  TEMPLE CONSECRATED BY LORD PARASHURAMA  IN 4000 BC ,  THRISSUR SHIVA TEMPLE WHERE ADI SHANKARACHARYA SHED HIS MORTAL BODY IN 2000 BC –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Yesterday the 36 hour marathon Thrissur Pooram temple festival got over.  In Kerala there is no bar of religion or caste when it comes to this temple festival.

I will put a video below.  



A video of such an electrifying event can only be a pale shadow of the real thing.  




Yet you can feel the energy of 21 lakh people including foreign tourists  who come here to see the conscious pachyderms and feel the cymatics of the drums, trumpets and cymbals..



Above: The field created by above pattern can only be appreciated by a Kirlean camera.

When I say conscious , you must understand that the elephant is the only animal who passes a mirror test fully like human beings.  That is why we have them in our temples, where you get to elevate your consciousness.





The festival is conducted in the vast premises of Vadakkumnathan Shiva Temple in Thrissur.  The 6000 year old temple stands majestically on an elevated hillock right in the heart of the city. Thrissur pooram, is celebrated here every year in the month of Medam (mid-April to mid-May) when the moon rises with the Pooram star.




Lord Parasurama , the sixth avatar of Lord Vishnu , the warrior patron saint of Kerala, reclaimed the land of Kerala from the sea.  He came to Kerala with a band of Namboodiri Brahmins after the river Saraswati dried up.

He asked Shiva and his family to descend from Mount Kailasa to bless the inhabitants of this new land.  Shiva indeed came riding the bull Rishabha ( Vimana ) , accompanied by Parvati, Ganesha, Subrahmanya and his parashadas and landed under a banyan tree ( Sree Moolasthanam ).  



Shiva stopped for a while and then disappeared .  Parashurama saw a bright and radiant Shiva lingam at the foot of this huge banyan tree. From that tree,  Parasurama invoked Shiva to the location of the present sanctum of Vadakkunnathan and installed the Shiva lingam.  



In the ancient days the place was known as “Tiru Shiva Perur' or the town with the name of Lord Shiva.  Lord Shiva here is popularly known as Vadakkunnathan of the Lord from the North.

The Vadakkunnathan Temple has this Shiva Lingam inside , but you cant see it, as it is submerged under 6000 years of ghee offerings. This is the only temple in India where Lingam is not visible . Parasurama  anointed the lingam first with ghee. Despite this the ghee does NOT become rancid or invaded by insects, and it does not melt even during summer.  



A devotee looking into the inner sanctum can now see only a 16-foot-high  mound of ghee embellished with thirteen cascading crescents of gold and three serpent hoods at top. When the ghee starts sliding down like a mini avalanche, this amount is given as prasad to the devotees.

Let me put a 100 year old picture of  Vadakkunnathan Temple , printed by the British Hoe and Coat the 'Premier Press'.



Shivaguru and Aryamba, the parents  of Adi Shankaracharya worshipped Shiva at this temple to beget a son in 2000 BC.  They walked 53 kms to Thrissur from Kalady. They chanted bhajans in praise of Shiva for 41 days.  

Legend has it that Lord Shiva appeared to both husband and wife in their dreams and offered them a choice. They could have either a mediocre son who would live a long life or an extraordinary son who would die early.  Both Shivaguru and Aryamba chose the second option.   It was no wonder that Adi Shankaracharya mastered the voluminous Vedas by the age of six, which normally takes a whole lifetime.  



In honour of Shiva, they named the son Sankara.   Adi Shankaracharya  attained videha mukti ("freedom from embodiment") in Vadakkunnathan temple as per Kerala legend.




Arattupuzha Pooram was the biggest temple festival of Kerala.  The participants of Thrissur Pooram were regular participants of this Pooram, which has a history of 4000 years .  

About 210 years ago the King of Cochin shifted the venue to the present site, for political reasons.

Hardly anybody knows this real reason.



Thrissur was part of the kingdom of the king of Calicut ( my home town ). Then came the Portuguese Christian invader in 1498, who landed in Calicut for spice trade.  These white men had NIL honour. 

They thought they can impress the king with coloured glass pieces and beads, the way they had WOWED the black savages in Africa.



Little did they know that when their ancestors were running around naked, living in caves , clubbing animals for food and doing grunt grunt for language, the people of Kerala were wearing fine cotton and silk , wearing diamonds and pearls, eating cooked food from a menu and writing poetry.

They wanted to undercut the Arabs who were middlemen in the spice trade, and the honourable king was not ready to back stab people whom Kerala has been trading with for millenniums. . 

The Portuguese used to steal the pepper vines at night.  When the king was told about this he laughed loudly and cried “ They can steal our pepper plants and even our soil ,  but can they steal our weather ?”



The Portuguese did NOT want to pay custom duty for the trade and things went from bad to worse. They gave several local girls venereal disease by raping them.  To escape retribution  they kidnapped this king’s close relatives and fled in their ships towards Cochin,  as they knew the King of Cochin was the mortal enemy of the King of Calicut ( Zamorin ). 

Monsoon weather prevented the Calicut king from pursuing the Portuguese ships who has long range cannons. . Finally the Portuguese set camp at Goa and they were kicked out for good in 1961.

Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA  VADAKAYIL



In 1761 when Hyder Ali , the father of Tipu Sultan attacked the super rich kingdoms of Calicut . to steal the gold from the temple vaults, the King of Calicut committed suicide, rather than be servile to this cruel man. 

The king of Cochin made a deal , accepted the Mysore's superiority, and became a vassal for payment of heavy money.  With this sweet deal the king of Cochin bargained over Thrissur and secured it. 



Rama Varma Kunhjipilla Thampuran , popularly known as Sakthan Thampuran shifted his capital from Cochin to Thrissur.  But the people of Thrissur both high and low castes , were still loyal to the Kings of Calicut , who were honourable kings.

Hyder Ali’s son Tipu Sultan again invaded Calicut in 1788 , and Calicut was razed to the ground along with thousands of Hindu temples .   Fires took more than a month to be put out.

Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

This is the man Salman Khurshid and the Italian waitress turned empress has been trying to establish as freedom fighter and secular.



Tipu Sultan did NOT destroy the Vadukunnathan Temple at Thrissur as his Hindu astrologers advised him that it would bring him ill luck.  This trust in Hindusim was for his own selfish good.

King Shaktan Thampuran ( ruled from 1769-1805) was merciless with all those who were loyal to the King of Calicut and this included the Namboodiri Brahmins who ran the temples.  

The Cochin king had support both from the British who had killed Tipu Sultan and the southern king of the state of Travancore. To start the exodus the king wrested the temples of Thrissur from the Namboodiri Brahmins of Thrissur ( Yogiatiripppads ).

These Brahmins had been in charge of the Thrissur temples since the days of Parashurama.  Now these poor guys were totally uprooted, like snake charmers without snakes.

To get the moral support of the low castes he started the Thrissur Pooram.  This was almost like Nero having the games in Rome, to get instant popularity , win the hearts of the vast majority low castes , and to consolidate his rule..   

The last Yogiatirippad was banished from Trichur 1763 for being loyal at heart to the king of Calicut , Zamorin against Cochin.  One by one the Namboodiris were ethnically cleansed and the numerous Namboodiri illams situated in Trichur gradually became extinct.

In the days of the Calicut King’s rule, Arattupuzha Pooram was the biggest temple festival of Kerala. The current participants of Thrissur Pooram were regular participants of this Pooram.  During one particular year of floods Shaktan Thampuran used this as an excuse to break from past tradition. He shifted the pooram to Vadakkunnathan Temple which is on higher ground.  

And since then the pooram has been there. There still used to be competition from temples loyal to the King of Calicut and temples loyal to King of Cochin.  This competition still exists, though all have forgotten the root cause.   


Even today no Hindu from Calicut would look beyond Thrissur for brides and bride grooms for their children.  For the Hindu king of Cochin had first mollycoddled the cruel Muslim invader and then the white Christian invader.

Today the Kudamattam competition is between two groups the Western and the Eastern.  The Western group consists of Thiruvambady, Kanimangalam, Laloor, Ayyanthole, and Nethilakkavu temples. Paramekkavu, Karamukku, Chembukavu, Choorakottukavu and Panamukkamppilly come under eastern group. 

Nobody knows the past and well, let bygones be bygones. In the bargain here is a festival which is for everybody.

The Cochin king may think that he has done a great thing , and he must have gladdened the hearts of the white Christian invader, whose only interests was to divide the Hindus.  

Hindu temples are NOT like churches and mosques.  There are proper puja procedures.  

Most of the Kerala temples are now run by  PRETENDER PUJARIS  who draws a monthly salary from a Dewaswom board run by soulless atheist communists,  and manipulated by Christian and Muslim ruling ministers whose loyalties lie in Vatican and Mecca.  



This is what has happened in most of the ancient Kerala temples.  Hindu temples are all about raising your consciousness.  Hindu temples are NOT for carnivals like in Goa or Mardi Gras. 

You cannot have a scavenger pujari from a clan , who has no spiritual traditions and who cannot utter a single mantra for nuts, the way BR Ambedkar wanted it , prodded on by the British-- all in the name of human rights .  

Let human rights remain outside the inner sanctums of our ancient Hindu temples. You must be qualified like a neuro-surgeon in a brain surgery theatre.



Today if my wife wants to do some special pujas for her dead ancestors, or my sons ,  she goes all the way outside Kerala to Mookambika temple in Kollur Karnataka.  She being a Reiki grandmaster knows which temple has what vibes.

Punch into Google search POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS VADAKAYIL



The massive display of sound explosives Vedikettu also started after Tipu Sultan was killed.  This was never a visual display . This was more of a crude terrific sound display, that we too have gunpowder, bombs  and rockets. 



Tipu Sultan’s and his father Hyder Ali’s army were no match for the Kerala Nair swordsmen in prowess who carried swords like umbrellas. But the Mysore Muslim kings had rockets and long range cannons.



Back to Thrissur pooram.

Thrissur pooram is a festival unique in its pageantry and  magnitude. The Pooram attracts a lot of elephant enthusiasts.  With over 50 elephants at the pooram site, and many more all over town, keeping them well fed and hydrated in the hot season is an uphill task.  


During the festival, over 100 caparisoned elephants will pass through the town and all of them have micro chips in them.



In the Pooram ground the people throng so close that if there is a rain shower , no moisture will  hit the ground.

It must be noted that Vadukumnathan Temple, dedicated to Lord Shiva, remains a mute spectator during the festival , only involved in granting the premises and convenience for the festival.  No offering is received nor is any expenditure incurred by the temple in connection with the Pooram. Not even a special puja is offered on the occasion.  



The custom was developed by Shaktan Thamburan , as if all the gods and goddesses are doing pooram ( a meet) in front of Shiva, considered by Hindus as a supreme god.   Only Sastha’s ( divine combination of shiva and Vishnu ) or Durga’s are the participant of the pooram.

Here you get to hear the electrifying Kerala traditional music (Chembada Melam, Pandi Melam, and Panchavadyam) .  This is NOT like a western symphony orchestra were all are nattily dressed and sit like dead fish.  Here you can feel the thumping cymatic energy resonating every cell in your body. 



Panchavadyam has about 250 expert artistes playing musical instruments like Thimila, Maddalam, Trumpet, Cymbal and Edakka .   'Pandemelam', is for 200 artistes holding mastery of drum, trumpets, pipe and cymbals..


Several processions with caparisoned elephants form various temples land up at the venue.  The most impressive processions are those from the Krishna Temple at Thiruvambadi and the Devi Temple at Paramekkavu .  The sprawling Thekkinkadi maidan, en circling the Vadakumnathan temple, is the main venue of the festival.  


The drummers , all in the zone, literally mesmerize the onlookers.  You can feel the collective consciousness .   'Elanjithara Melam' ( drum beats in front of "Elanji" tree or bulletwood tree ) is performed in which artistes play drums, pipes and cymbals for hours on end as if in a trance.  The entire display is divided into 3 kalams, based on the speed of percussion.  It needs no mention that the 3rd is the fastest an d the most explosive in nature.



Poorma starts with the ceremonial flag hoisting (Kodiyettam) by various participating temples.  Ten temples take part in the festival.  But like I said before the main participants are the ‘Bhagawathys’ ( goddesses) from the Thiruvambadi and the Paramekkavu temples.  



These two temples had  never been under the control of Namboodiris,  are given pride of place..  Here lies the King’s politics .  Usually Kerala kings never interfere in temple affairs, and hence you can identify the British invader’s role in this . 



The main Pooram starts on the sixth day after the flag hoisting.  The spectacular show of 'Kudamattom' ( parasol exchange ) is the cynosure of all eyes . Parasols of myriad numbers, designs and colours are exchanged by the people atop the 30 elephants, of which 15 line up one side and the other 15 on the opposite side and it is a virtual competition between the two eyeballing sides. 



On each elephant are perched three men atop waving the ‘aalavattom’ (peacock-feather fan), ‘venchamaram (white gazelle-hair fan) and ‘kuda’ (silver-sequinned parasols in all the imaginable hues).  The tallest tusker in the middle carries the golden ‘thidambu’ representing the deity.



When the percussion reaches its crescendo, the parasols are changed with an even more colourful and exquisite one.  The crowds between the 30 elephants , a virtual field of consciousness , give a mighty cheer for each parasol change .  The devotees look on the elephants as the very incarnation of Lord Shiva’s son Lord Ganesha.



The grand finale fireworks happens on the seventh day after the flag hoisting and that marks the end of the festival.   You never get the see the majestic blue colours like out here , in world wide fireworks,  for expensive copper is involved.



The 36-hour celebrations ends with `Vida Chollal' (farewell) ceremony, enacted at the Thekkinkad Maidan.   
Divine meeting now completed , the deities of the Thiruvambadi and Paramekkavu temples bid farewell to each other and the deity of Sree Vadakkunatha Temple at the ceremony, with a solemn promise to meet again next year same place,  same time..



This is our culture since hoary antiquity -- and we are proud of it.  




This is who we are--  from God's own country
********************************************************************
OLD TRAFFORD SOCCER STADIUM, MANCHESTER UNITED CLUB’S THEATRE OF DREAMS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PILGRIMAGE TO THE MECCA OF SOCCER ,  SIR ALEX FERGUSON , TEAM DYNAMICS –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Last Sunday the TV  was on while I was reading a magazine sipping chilled beer.

The soccer match between Manchester United and Aston Villa had just got over.  Manchester United had won the English Premier League for a record 20th time.

I saw the manager of Manchester United club Sir Alec Ferguson wending his way to the Stretford End  to pay tribute to the noisy die hard supporters of his club as the loudspeakers pumped out The Courteeners, the rock band of Manchester.

He bend down to bow and hail . The hooligans loved it and they hollered their collective heads off .



My wife shouted “ Look out for our eldest son .  He will be somewhere in the Stretford stands sitting right between all those hooligans . ( to soak in the atmosphere )”

My eyes picked out my son in a black coat , on our Ultra HD wide Sony TV..   

My wife said “ No, that cant be him, for he had promised to wear the red Manchester United Jersey”.

I told her off “ Baby, you are now challenging ze trained Captain’s eye , who has navigated his ship through heavy traffic and fog for 30 years “

We could NOT verify who was right immediately as he had left his mobile in USA.   It makes no sense to go on a holiday with a mobile phone you take to your workplace in your pocket .   Computer developer colleagues  keep calling to ask doubts.

So later it so transpired it was indeed him in that black coat, standing with both his hands on the railings in the courseway looking down directly at Ferguson... 



See how times have changed.

I remember in my time going to the local beach was a great thing – leave alone a trans-Atlantic flight to see a game of soccer.  

Of course he went and saw some old castles in Wales.  He could feel ghosts inside the dark and dingy rooms.

My elder son is a soccer nut. He supports Manchester United. My wife supports Chelsea and yours truly supports Manchester City.   

My son travelled all the way to City’s stadium too, and sat on the seat of Tevez in the player’s lounge ( I am a Tevez fan ) , just for mE sake.







There is a lot more to soccer than what meets the eye.   A good soccer manager understands “team dynamics”.

In my official email messages from my ship, under my signature would be a subtle “team dynamics” message. Officially I am NOT allowed to do this.  But then who is gonna bell the cat? – nobody tried.

Needless to say, the recipients of my emails used to telephone me and say that they always read my “RE-INVENTING TEAM DYNAMICS “ ( RITD ) agent provocateur punch lines first and then only the read the actual message.  

Some of the Yanks used to save these punch lines in a word document , because their wives and children back home can read it— they thought it was eastern mysticism .   

Punch into Google search TEAM WORK, TEAM DYNAMICS VADAKAYIL.

You can check it out yourself – basically  “Thought for the day” .   

In my case every punch line related to something which happened the previous day—  it alluded to something and somebody, and people in the shore offices used to put 2 and 2 together ,  make it 5 and have a nice laugh.

Have you noticed how Sir Alex Ferguson sits in the stands , furiously chewing gum , watching team dynamics—the natural forces at play and determine is they are acting for good.  He will make interventions to make the effect of those dynamics more positive. 

Coaching will be provided later to make up any skill deficiencies. He quickly determines the teams strength and weaknesses and tailors new approaches. He provides feedback to correct unproductive moves.

A well knit team takes on a life of its own and the managers job is to nurture and maintain it.  Each member of the team is entitled to be interested in all aspects of the operation. This is not cancelled out by the fact that he has special responsibilities in a limited area, like the goal keeper in a soccer team. This creates higher levels of job satisfaction and commitment plus higher levels of trust and support.

Teamwork creates the forum for the common man to attain uncommon results.  A bunch of superstars stars do NOT meake a team. A group in itself does not necessarily constitute a team. Members of a  team must have complementary and diversified skills committed to a common purpose, where they use their strengths in full and can complement for each others weakness..

In order to be a good team player one has to unselfish, compromise and even sacrifice . Hostility among team members and low participation are symptoms that signal a need for team building. Morale problems do not happen overnight and they cannot be resolved overnight. Conflict resolution is not a stand alone skill. Without this skill the team cannot bond.  The team members must know what is expected of them.

It is the manager’s job to provide a positive and congenial climate . A good team has flexibility and synergy and achieves more than the sum of its parts.  It is the job of the manager to identify issues that inhibit the team. He must address those issues and remove the inhibitors.

The manager must have people skills.  Sir Alex Ferguson does NOT have it, as he treated several players shabbily , keeping his ego in front.

Team members must know how to examine team and individual errors and weaknesses without making personal attacks. The manager must be able to identify jealousy and defensive behavior.  He must build a feeling of solidarity and team spirit.  

He has to look out for the cynical lone ranger who ignores others, and survives by being servile to the manager who can make or break him.   Don’t excuse a badly behaving team member.

Some people are just negative by nature. Don’t hesitate to confront such cynical team destroyers and demand behavior change at once. Some people lack confidence and view attacks on their opinions as a personal attack. A typical statement would be “are you telling that my 20 years of experience does not matter?”

Team building cannot be a short term flavour of the months. Music orchestra bands are a clear example of how a team works. Poor performing bands are inflexible, the musicians have petty differences, compete with each other, stay in their comfort zones and expect the audience to accommodate their jarring music.

Just plain old Harmony is not the goal of cross functional teamwork .  False consensus is undesirable where team members are afraid to express a contrary point of view for fear it will destroy the positive feelings among team members.  An absence of overt conflict is often mistaken for teamwork. 

Conflict is natural and desirable. Issues are attacked –not each other. If conflict is not visible , either the people are thinking alike or they have suppressed conflict. Both situations are not helpful. Teams that suppress conflict lose effectiveness and the conflict erupts into destructive ways. A good leader will not allow endless debates on minor problems.

A good manager knows the importance of understanding another point of view. He knows that progress has been made on this planet only through disobedience and rebellion-- and that people with spirit , passion and courage have always been sinister to the walking dead.   

Strength of character and courage of convictions is NEVER mistaken for poor attitude. He communicates in the language of his people NOT in fuckin' latin.  A good manager will not convert men by silencing them. He knows when he praises everybody he praises nobody.
  
When there is no synergy in the team, the people are passive.  If bonuses and incentives are part of the reward system, they should be given to teams performance—not individual performance. Team culture is destroyed by racism, inappropriate race based pay systems ( which cannot be avoided in soccer ) , and destructive comments from management.  

You must now punch into Google search TEVEZ MANCINI FIGHT ADVISE TO SOCCER MANAGERS VADAKAYIL



Above: Video in which Adolf Hitler gets pissed off with Carlos Tevez.

A cookbook approach cannot be taken to build teams. Team members often tend to want to clone themselves and invite participants “just like me”.

Be sensitive to friction.  Nip it in the bud before it ends in a full scale war with everybody taking sides.  Let it be known that feuding wont be tolerated.  Reason with them.  Don’t take sides—but take swift and resolute action.  Players  must be polite, friendly and kind .  Players are entitled to respect, civilised behaviour and dignity.

If you take sides then you are part of the argument and the disagreement. You as a leader have to remain totally objective and in the middle. Being conciliatory is like mother hen breaking up a fight between 2 of her chicks.. You just want to restore peace. You will not spend inordinate time in finding out who pecked whose ass first.

Your rules say that there can be no bullying, shouting, threatening , intimidation or victimisation in your team. This is abuse. Every player is allowed to refuse abuse . If somebody is not doing his job he should be taken aside and his mistakes pointed out calmly and rationally. 

If the team comes to work looking to enjoy themselves, be stretched and challenged then you can get the best out of them. It is the job of the manager to get them emotionally involved and instill pride . Getting your team to soar takes passion and determination. 

No one can whistle a symphony—it takes an orchestra to play it. Be ready to prune dead wood, straggly growth and tone deaf lousy flute players.

The force of a team like a typhoon takes time to grow—but once it is spinning, it is a formidable thing indeed.




Above video:  A die hard Arsenal fan gets pissed off with captain of team Robin Van Persie for leaving Arsenal and joining Manchester United ( 24 Million pounds )..  In the Aston Villa match Van Persie ( exulting below ) scored a fine hatrick.





To add insult to injury, today the entire Arsenal team have to stand as guard of honour in the player's tunnel during entry -- in the match against champions of EPL Manchester United.




Old Trafford is in my opinion the greatest and most famous sporting arena on this planet.

Old Trafford, Greater Manchester, England, and the home of Manchester United. With a capacity of 75,765  Old Trafford is the second-largest football stadium in the United Kingdom after Wembley. 



German bombing raids on 22 December 1940 and another one on 11 March 1941 destroyed much of the stadium. 

Old Trafford celebrated its 100th anniversary on 19 February 2010.  The rise of hooliganism in the 1970s saw the erection of the country’s first perimeter fence. There are lots of loud drunk guys cursing at every call they disagree with by the referee or even at players who aren't putting in their 100%  in their expert estimation.



They make a lot of money by conducted tours .  Probably more than 350,000 people visit every year.  Today the tour charge is 16 pounds.  Since my son is a member he was charged only 8 pounds. Tour includes the dugouts, players tunnel, and the Manchester United Museum and lasts about 70 minutes.



Manchester United members receive priority when applying for tickets for high-profile matches. Ticket prices range from £30.00 for a lower-tier seat behind one of the goals to £52.00 for a central seat at the Alex Ferguson or South Stand.

The souvenir shops do roaring trade The ground was given the nickname “Theatre of Dreams” by Bobby Charlton, who survived the Munich aircrash.  The museum was opened on 11 April 1998 by Pelé.  There is a  chapel, where hard core Manchester United fans get married.
  



On 6 February 1958, the British European Airways Flight 609 crashed on its third attempt to take off from a slush-covered runway at Munich-Riem Airport in Munich, West Germany, with the entire Manchester United team inside. 



The team was returning from a European Cup match in Belgrade, Yugoslavia (now Serbia), against Red Star Belgrade, and had stopped in Munich for refueling.  It was snowing heavily , causing a layer of slush to build up at the far end of the runway.  



When the aircraft hit the slush, it lost velocity, making take-off impossible.  It ploughed through a fence past the end of the runway, before the port wing hit a nearby house with a fuel tank inside causing an explosion . 



22 people of the 44 people in the plane were killed, of which 8 were Manchester United players. Some of the survivors never played again. There is also a clock and plaque in remembrance of the Munich disaster.




Sir Alexander Chapman "Alex" Ferguson, CBE has been the manager of Manchester United since 1986. After this Aston Villa EPL game , Ferguson had secured the 49th trophy of his managerial career . His tenure has seen the club go through an era of success and dominance both in England and in Europe, giving Ferguson a reputation as one of the most admired and respected managers in the history of the game. 

With 26 years as manager of Manchester United, he is the longest serving manager in soccer. Ferguson has won many awards and holds many records including winning Manager of the Year most times in British football history.

He was knighted in 1999 for his services to the game.  His statue was installed at Old Trafford on 23 November 2012. The North Stand was renamed as the Sir Alex Ferguson Stand on 5 November 2011, in honour of Alex Ferguson's 25 years as manager of the club.

Fergusoncould spot talent.


Ferguson bought Nemanja Vidic for just £7m from Spartak Moscow . He is worth his weight in gold as he can anticipate the flight of the ball, position himself and is tough as nails. The hooligans chant  that ring around the ground: "He comes from Serbia, he'll fuckin” murder ya."



He had bought Cristiano Ronaldo for  £12.25m from Sporting Lisbon, arguably the world’s most complete player at the moment with both brawn and brains. 



Ferguson is famous for playing "mind games" with fellow Premiership managers.  He makes snide comments at a pre-match press conference about the opposition Manager or their team. This has led to several spats in the past with managers such as Kevin Keegan, Arsène Wenger, Rafael Benítez and Mark Hughes. 



Ferguson has received numerous punishments for abusing and publicly criticising match officials and generally behaving like an a$$hole. .

He is a strict disciplinarian, and can get cranky . His players nicknamed him Furious Fergie.  He had fined one of his players, John Hewitt, for overtaking him on a public road. I think this takes the cake.

Ferguson is infamous for throwing crockery in the dressing room if players do not meet his exacting standards. Many former players have recounted his infamous "hairdrying treatment" in which he leans his face inches away from the player's and launches into a tirade, often lasting several minutes.

In 2003, Ferguson was involved in a dressing room showdown with star United player David Beckham, resulting in a eyebrow injury to Beckham, caused by Ferguson kicking a football boot in anger. 



As a shocked Beckham reeled after being struck above the left eyebrow by the boot, he is reported to have shouted: "Fuc#in’ hell, my head is covered in blood."  Instantly Ferguson snapped at a club physio: "Just fuc#kin’ patch him up."  Beckham was grabbed by Giggs first, then by Gary Neville and Ruud van Nistelrooy to restrain him.



Above:  Wayne Rooney gives it back to his Hitler boss.  If Rooney is treated shabbily and thrown out , then this planet can call SIR Alex , TURD Alex Ferguson.

He has consistently taken a "my way or the highway" approach in his dealings with players and the pressure of this management tactic has forced many fine players like Gordon Strachan, Paul McGrath, Paul Ince, Jaap Stam, Dwight Yorke, David Beckham, Ruud van Nistelrooy , Gabriel Heinze , Carlos Tevez etc to cock a snook at him and leave.

Former Aberdeen player, Millwall manager Mark McGhee, recalled a dressing-room eruption when Sir Alex kicked a laundry basket and some underpants flew through the air and landed on a player's head.

'He (the player) didn't move. Just sat there rigid.

'Fergie didn't even notice until he stopped raging. Then he looked up at the boy and said: 'And you can take those ****ing pants off your head.

'What the hell do you think you are playing at?



He is also well known for his vitriol.



Samples--

'Inzaghi was born in a bloody offside position.'
A withering assessment of Italian striker Filippo

'He's a fuc#in’ novice—he should keep his opinions to Japanese football.'
On Arsene Wenger, shortly after his appointment as Arsenal manager in 1996.

'If he was an inch taller he'd be the best centre half in Britain. His father is 6ft 2in - I'd check the milkman.'
On the now retired United right-back Gary Neville.


'They say he's an intelligent man, right? Speaks five languages. I've got a 15-year-old boy from the Ivory Coast who speaks five languages!' ( SHOWS A RACIST MINDSET )



On Arsene Wenger, shortly after his appointment as Arsenal manager in 1996 

“They are a small club, with a small mentality"
Sir Alex on big-spending Manchester City.

'My greatest challenge is not what's happening at the moment, my greatest challenge was knocking Liverpool right off their fuc#in’ perch. And you can print that.'
Reacting to remarks by former Liverpool player Alan Hansen that he was past it in 2002

'Sometimes you have a noisy neighbor and have to live with it. You can't do anything about them...”
After Manchester City was taken over by billionaire new owners

"I’m not like Newcastle — a wee club in the North East”.
Sir Alex  hissing back at being criticised by New Castle boss Alan Pardew.

The WEE club comment made mE day.

My son said, that right from the time he landed at Manchester airport to the time he flew back to USA, he noticed that everybody talked - nay  breathed soccer.  

This is why this place is called the Mecca of soccer.





Here is a Manchester United joke

Q. How many Manchester United fans does it take to change a light bulb?

A. Seven, one to change it, five to moan about it and Sir Alex Ferguson to bitch that  if the referee had done his job in the first place,  the light bulb would have never gone out!

Below video : Manchester United hooligans are pissed off with Carlos Tevez after he left the club for City.


Who's that tw*t from Argentina?

Who's that money grabbing whore?

Carlos Tevez is his name and he hasn't got a brain

And he won't be winning trophies anymore. ?
********************************************************************
INDIA MUST QUIT THE COMMONWEALTH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DISBAND THE COMMONWEALTH ,  AN OUTDATED BRITISH LEGACY STILL CONTINUING WITH ITS DEVIOUS AND GREEDY AGENDA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The British Crown  ruled India for less than 70 years .  The Queen Victoria was proclaimed empress of India on 1st Jan 1877  and India became independent on 15th Aug 1947.

The British Crown never called the shots in India. The King or Queen was only a figure head stooge.  

John Bull never fought for the queen and country.   He fought for a German Jew, who made his moolah by stealing Tipu Sultan’s enormous gold,  the Opium drug trade  and the slave trade.

The powerful Banking Cartel who owned the British East India Company, a shipping company , ruled India. The king pin who controlled both was a Jew by the name of Rothschild.

Who the hell is Rothschild?

Why the hell does this Captain keep referring to Rothschild?

Has be gone nuts?

Such skeptics must watch the video below, before it is taken off the Internet. 




In 300 years the British reduced India from the richest country in the world to the poorest. Finally when they quit India in 1947, they made sure it will be BUSINESS AS USUAL for them.  

They are still stealing using their native fronts in all these countries, in great covert style, using the organization The Commonwealth as a front.


The Commonwealth of Nations (usually called simply "The Commonwealth") is a voluntary association of independent countries, nearly all of which are former members of the British Empire that chose on being arm twisted to join it when they gained independence.  



It consists of 54 countries, including five G20 members and 32 small states, whose combined population amounts to about a third of the world's population. They are believed to be united by a shared belief in the right to participate in democratic social life.  If so why is the Queen the lifetime head of this organization?

So the Queen by pretending to love all her ex-slave countries , also makes sure they vote in the UN security council for UK..





The money for the Commonwealth comes from members of the Commonwealth. Each member pays an agreed amount estimated by the Commonwealth based on the country’s population and income. India donates a considerable amount of money , when this toothless useless organization has zilch benefit for India.

If so, why are we supporting the Commonwealth, and being a member of this post colonial club which gives an ego massage to the British royalty?

Well, they have made sure that the right people in the power corridors of India are rewarded. How do you think people like Rajiv Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi etc are studying in the premium UK  and  Ivy-league Universities of USA?



How is that you and me cannot get in, except on merit ?  Why cant we get Commonwealth scholarships?



What is common about the commonwealth countries is the fact that Imperial Britain robbed them blind and they are apparently still blind to see that the commonwealth exists today only because it serves the interests of the British government.. Since when has it been easy to wake up people who pretend to sleep. 

Did China need Commonwealth to achieve what it has?   India doesn't need it either.  

It is kept alive by some DESH DROHI  Indians who benefit from it.  

It is NOT that they are still colonized in their minds.

The British missionaries of all denominations used the Commonwealth afforded passage to push the JOSHUA PROJECT 2 agenda of Vatican to proselytize the natives of the past empire. Yet, if an Indian wants a Visa to UK, he is harassed.

How many of you heard of the VIRGINITY TESTS conducted by the British Immigration on unmarried Indian women?  The British Govt admitted that they did 70 such tests , while actually hundreds were done. 

Young Indian women who reached London airport would be taken to a separate room by lecherous British Immigration men made to strip, lie down and spread their legs.

The white Christian men would insert their fingers into their vaginas of these trembling and whimpering Indian women to check out their hymens.  




They would choose only the most attractive , un-escorted Hindu and Muslim women.  Christians were exempted.




Are not Indian unmarried Hindu women supposed to be virgins?  The white girl is allowed to lose it on puberty, right?

Mind you, we are part of the Commonwealth which swears to brings together many different cultures and give the smaller and poorer nations a feeling of worth and belonging.

India should have got out of Commonwealth at that time. And we donate so much of money, and where does it go?  A lot of it is spent on the visit of British Royals to sunny Caribbean and their vassal “ego massage parlour “ countries like Australia, New Zealand and Canada.

A big amount goes into upkeep of graves. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) is responsible for maintaining the war graves of 1.7 million service personnel that died in the First and Second World Wars fighting for Commonwealth member states. 

It also maintains individual graves at another 20,000 sites around the world. The vast majority of the latter are civilian Christian cemeteries in Great Britain.



Rothschild  imported his stooge Gandhi from South Africa to India to recruit soldiers to fight the first and second world wars of his creation, to carve out the state of Israel.  Gandhi’s non-violence and Ahimsa were highly selective.

The apostle of peace, exhorted Indians to kill the Germans, and support the British , who made us their slaves, and were robbing India blind.  

1.11 lakh ( 111 000 ) Indian soldiers were killed in World War 1, fighting for the British.  

2.43 lakh ( 234 000 ) Indian Soldiers were killed in World War 2. The ones maimed are NOT included in this figure. 

Rothschild stooge Gandhi did all the recruiting single handedly. 

There are no graves to mark these killed Indian soldiers, who fought in the worst areas — we were counted among the horses and the mules.

Punch into Google search –

MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

and

DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL


Commonwealth has pushed down the throats of the third world countries, the multi-national company agenda of GM foods and Global warming.

The lie of greenhouse gases causing global warming was shoved down the throats of the poorer countries , never mind that endless cuts in CO2 emissions would further cripple their flimsy economies and poverty-stricken people.  Never mind that poorer countries will continue in poverty as a result of energy demands not being met.  



Never mind that blocking poor countries from producing their own energy, meant that millions more will die from starvation.  Holding back poor countries and preventing them from developing their infrastructure in the name of reducing CO2 emissions is worsening poverty exponentially. This is the ultimate form of racism – economic terrorism against the poor . 

They are offering high tech solutions to Global Warming! They seek to control the planets water resources, in addition to food.

GM foods were shoved down the throats of people with fertile lands used to eating organic foods ,just to suit Zionist multinationals. In 2009, Rothschild controlled Forbes magazine gave Monsanto the company of the year award. 


Thanks to Monsanto the bee population on these poor countries had declined. This is dangerous as bees are essential for pollination. 

Even Christian missionary NGOs were involved in this, in addition to selling Jesus Christ to gullible farmers. The farmers were fooled into giving written undertakings that they have to buy new seeds every time. They have taken away the age old farmers right to use their own grown seeds . 



These farmers lost their lands on payment of collateral to buy Monsanto seeds. They were given dreams of 'reaping the golden harvest", right? Monsanto GM seeds  are terminator seeds or sterile seeds 

And like how Bill Gates changes the Windows version , Monsanto also started their Version 1 , Version 2.2 seeds--or-- second / third generation seeds.  So the farmers had to borrow money from money lenders, and get themselves into a debt trap, with declining yield crops. Super Weeds and Super Pests, have become resilient. Ground water is now polluted as more deadly pesticides have to be used in greater doses.

Commonwealth countries and territories are the biggest offshore financial centres in the world. Countries such as Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Singapore and UK overseas territories Bermuda, Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands are synonymous with offshore finance. Rothschild , the owners and advocates of offshore banking cartel claim that it offers many benefits to host countries and territories.  Oh yeah?


Many Commonwealth countries’ legal systems are founded on English common law – a legacy of British colonialism.  All arbitrations must be under English Law, which always goes in the favour of the white Christian man and the Zionist multinational.

When it comes to the crunch will Britain support NATO or the Commonwealth club which it heads ? What do you think?

For the Commonwealth to really start meaning something, wealth should start flowing in the reverse direction. Then we will really have a true Commonwealth. And it can start off with the Kohinoor on the Queen’s crown.

When the Queen made a state visit to India marking  the 50th anniversary of Independence in 1997,  Indians in Britain and in India,  including our MPs, demanded the return of the Kohinoor diamond, which once belonged to Lord Krishna 6000 years ago and was snatched away from a infant king Duleep Singh by deceit.  


She told us to FU#K OFF !!!   


She is not gonna part with this diamond set on her own crown.

How nice, this from the lifetime head of the Commonwealth who is supposed to sponsor integrity  and human values. BLAH BLAH.


The Commonwealth of Nations has been described by one and all as pathetic talking shop.  It has no practical role and mission.  It confers no trade privileges upon its members, does not coordinate their defence or foreign policy, and lacks both the budget and the executive authority to make a practical difference in the world.  

Periodic meetings of Commonwealth Heads of Government are an expensive junket. The Commonwealth is an out-dated legacy of the British Empire that serves no real purpose but to have centuries long BEATING THE RETREAT for Britain.  



In the Hindi movie Lagaan, who won the cricket game ?  The Indian villagers won.  But who "beat the retreat" in full regalia , forcing the villagers to gape in awe ?

The common wealth serves only to bolster Britain’s sense of importance in the world and to make it appear that its outdated stiff upper lipped monarch still has a role in the modern world. She is the one who allowed Margaret Thatcher and her advisor Victor Rothschild to take the poor in UK to the cleaners. 

In as much as John Bull is NOT stupid anymore.  He now knows who runs the banking cartel , monopolizes the media and who gives orders to the Queen. He knows who selects the PM and gives him orders.  It is the Internet era , right?

What makes the British think that their ex-colonies must sit and celebrate that they were once ruled by the evil British East India Company , who were the world’s first drug runners , organized mafia robbers and slave traders?  


Perhaps it is better suited for retired octogenarain British nannies to fritter away their afternoon time indulging in nostalgic remembrances of lost British glory , over gin and lime and tupperware. Maybe such nostalgia can help Britain to slowly come to terms with its loss of empire.  It's the last place where Britain can hold court. 


The Gordon Gin will help them forget that the Commonwealth’s sole purpose is to remind the English of how "great" they were a very long time ago , and how they ruled the waves



The Commonwealth has various stated objectives like advocating reform of international institutions like the IMF and the World Bank, helping countries to formulate, negotiate and implement their trade policies, promoting trade facilitation, diversifying the export base, strengthening debt management, promoting and monitoring progress to ensure gender equality in budgets, promoting private investment, supporting the development of businesses etcetera. 

But all this is plain nonsense. 

The Commonwealth has never in the past 6 decades and more years of its existence, made a significant contribution in any of these spheres. 

The fact is nobody knows what the Commonwealth does, because they don’t actually do a dang thing, other than giving University scholarships to “play ball” leaders kin.  

Yes these leaders "play ball", so that Britain and the Big Brother Rothschild Cartel can continue stealing enormous wealth  by deceit.  Deceit is the way the Christian missionaries convert too.

The Commonwealth of Nations is represented in the United Nations General Assembly by the Secretariat, as an “expert” observer.  Such is the stupid British obsession with traditions and the past. The British empire has long been dead, so why this silly legacy?

None of the regular meetings are not worth the cost of the plane tickets they require.  This ridiculous ineffective organization is a total waste of time and a stinking reminder of colonialism .. It does nothing useful except hold meetings and pass resolutions.  The Commonwealth is a white elephant that needs to be dismantled el pronto.  It has no role to play in the modern world.

The ambassadors of the Commonwealth countries are called "high commissioners".  You should have seen the way the grocer's daughter Margaret Thatcher over did this ridiculous rank by deliberately over doing the Mr. High Commissioner thing in her loud shrill voice.  


The only way for Third World countries to alleviate poverty is to stop participating in racist organizations like the Commonwealth that breed dependence.  A lot in Commonwealth still happens on basis of colour of the skin, except in the photo shoot.  



Britain and other Anglo-Americans continue to carry out Western imperialist agendas that have even meant assassinations of national leaders, installing puppet governments and now openly arming rebels that are exported to countries to create turmoil.  

How can we forget that it was Queen Elizabeth and the British government that refused the imposition of economic sanction on South Africa during apartheid, till India cried enough is enough.  The queen  made it a point to attend every Commonwealth summit meeting except 1971 when British Prime Minister Edward Heath advised her not to attend because of a row over Britain selling arms to South Africa in a covert manner. The royal head of this organization has never been transparent.

Of course they will continue pushing minor agendas like the Commonwealth must support the Queen’s English in spelling and speech , while the whole world has shifted to American way.  It is a big problem when you do NOT even know how many zeros exist in a billion of your own money.

The planet has red buoys on the port side for the Commonwealth countries while the rest of the world has gone to the American way of IALA buoyage where red buoy is to starboard.

During the Commonwealth lunches , the heads of state are expected to hold the fork in the left hand, the English way.




Queen Elizabeth II is also Queen of Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Antigua and Barbuda, the Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Grenada, Jamaica, Papua New Guinea, Saint Kitts and Nevis, Saint Lucia, Saint Vincent and the Grenadines, the Solomon Islands, and Tuvalu, in each of which she is represented by a Governor-General.   She must be feeling good when the delegations bend their knees and courtesy to her, and this might earn them a knighthood.


The British Union Flag, commonly known as the Union Jack, still flies around the world today, mostly in the upper left corner of national flags, usually blue or red, of some other Commonwealth countries such as Australia, New Zealand, the Fiji Islands, Tuvalu, the Cook Islands and Bermuda. Even though it is no longer in the Canadian flag since 1965, the Canadian Provinces of Ontario and Manitoba still have it.




Now that South Sudan with its enormous mineral wealth ( and illegitimate Rothschild stake in this new born country ) , has applied to join the Commonwealth, Israel is also trying to brown nose its way in.




India needs to remove itself from the commonwealth to regain its self-respect and dignity. Its decision to remain as part of the commonwealth only goes to serve as a constant reminder of the most horrible colonial oppression imposed by the British Empire.  

To rid itself of this reminder, it would be a step in the right direction towards gaining true independence and establishing India as a rising nation.  United Kingdom has nothing to do with India or its people or its government. Our hard earned freedom need to be valued.  Commonwealth is nothing but a stumbling block. Why do we need to contribute money to shore up nations who do NOT care for Indians.  

India today in 2013, is far ahead of England.  But for EPL soccer and rock concerts ( Nero’s games ) , there will be civil war in UK--such is the pathetic state of their economy.  Rothschild has transferred the looted wealth from India--from England to USA .

We in India must not care for the constant warnings of financial disaster from Rothschild controlled agencies like Fitch , S&P and Moody’s.   Commonwealth had arm twisted the smaller nations to allow “financial reform” from the Rothschild controlled IMF and the World Bank.  Britain is just a "legitimizing force" for the banking cartel, in the economic and foreign policy.

Do not get carried away by the so called Commonwealth agenda of  “the promotion of democracy, human rights, good governance, the rule of law, individual liberty, egalitarianism, free trade, multi lateralism and world peace”.

The queen , one of the richest person’s on this planet, holds  shares in such evil corporations like Rio Tinto known for its complicity in the serious human rights violations which have been occurred near the mines it operates in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea . What is she worth morally ?

How many of you know that the “prestigious” Man Booker Prize is awarded annually to an author from a Commonwealth country .  We know of Arundhati Roy (The God of Small Things)  Salman Rushdie (Midnight's Children).



These prizes are awarded to bring a person , who will “play Rothschild ball” to the limelight. After that this person will be used to do endless rabble rousing.

How many of you have read Arundhati Roy’s book?  This Christian convert with a Hindu name is NDTV Prannoy Roy’s cousin.  Everybody DESH BHAKT Indian knows the dubious agenda of NDTV. 


What about  unreadable Salman Rushdie.  He is welcome to engage me is an IQ or perception test.

In 1997, the decision to award Arundhati Roy's The God of Small Things proved so controversial, that  Carmen Callil, chair of the previous year's Booker judges, called it an "execrable" book and was seen on television saying it shouldn't even have been on the shortlist.

How many of you know who Booker is?

Sir Alfred Jules Ayer , was the chairman of the Booker prize judges. His father was a Swiss Rothschild banker.

In 1972, the winning writer John Berger, protested during his acceptance speech against Booker McConnell. He blamed Booker's 130 years of sugar production in the Caribbean for the region's modern poverty .  Booker Group plc is the United Kingdom's largest food wholesale operator. 

The Company was founded by George and Richard Booker in 1835 when they bought their first ship and established the Booker Line .  Booker had a long history of exploitation of sugar workers through the Indian indentured labour system during the 19th and 20th centuries. At its peak it controlled 75% of the sugar industry in British Guiana and was so powerful that a common joke was to refer to the country as 'Booker's Guiana . 

The Company supplies approximately 326,000 catering businesses and 78,000 independent retailers; it also operates cash and carry branches throughout the United Kingdom (as well as a few in India) and operates a national delivery service in the UK . In 2009, Booker opened its first store in India in Mumbai.




In 1993 to mark the 25th anniversary it was decided to choose a Booker of Bookers Prize. They chose Salman Rushdie's Midnight's Children (the 1981 winner) as "the best novel out of all the winners”. We all know why this man has been hiding after penning the Satanic verses, which made the Jews and the Christians so happy.


Rockefeller, served as chairman of Arbor Acres Farms and on Booker's board of directors into the early 1990s.  Today we see ex-Booker prize winner Aravind Adiga offering Rothschild’s policy prescriptions from the platform that the Man-Booker prize gave him.


Punch into Google search THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL

Currently, the Man Group manages up to $70 billion in mostly hedge funds, employs thousands of people , has offices worldwide and is headquartered in London. The Man-Booker prize is one of the richest literary prizes in the world. Winners are usually guaranteed commercial success and wide circulation, but a pound of flesh is extracted..

Poor colonies of the former Empire don't realise the fact that UK really doesn't care for them but will tow the line of USA and will be the first one to get out of the common wealth if situations demand so. 




Enough of blood sucking and enough of policing the former non-white colonies. It is time to eradicate this dubious and toothless organisation. The Commonwealth has turned into a harmful neo-colonialist group led by Anglos and servile Anglophiles who are lobbied up.

A country like  Britain which can boast nothing of human rights for centuries, must know what they are worth. To the hell with the tea parties the white-man is holding with his former servitude to project their colonial glory.  No more converting past colonies into havens , for wealthy economic jackals in the name of economic development.

With this the "sun will truly set" on the evil British empire of the past, for good.




India must invest their time in the BRICS group of nations,  which have combined foreign-currency reserves of $4.5 trillion and account for 44 percent of the world’s population .





The president of the World Bank is always an American nominated by the United States’ Government and that the Managing Director of the IMF is always a European. BRICS nations -- Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa , must now establish a new development bank , and give the remote controlled ( by Rothschilds ) IMF and World Bank a run for their money.

Enough is fu#kin' enough!



Below: Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford.  






Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

TRINITY OF HINDU GODS BRAHMA VISHNU SHIVA ,  CREATOR PRESERVER DESTROYER , TAMAS SATTVA RAJAS ,   COSMIC DANCE  MEDIATED BY CONSCIOUSNESS THROUGH THE QUANTUM SCREEN-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The Advaita ( unity ) form of Hinduism looks at God , as brahmAn-- the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field , the akasha  or  the space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.

Matter exists because of this intelligent force which holds the spiraling electrons in its orbit --  for if it drops or rises one single orbit the matter changes into something totally different.




The Advaita form is incomplete in expression without the inherent Dvaita ( dual ) form of Hinduism.

The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable.  Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing.  

In Dvaita Hinduism opposite poles Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Consciousness and existence each have a dual yin-yang structure in which form and formlessness alternate. . Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morphogenetic fields .   

Ideas of quantum physics do not seem so crazy if we read Indian philosophy—W Heisenberg ( German physicist )

Now , never ever try to understand Hinduism by reading trash on the internet, most of which has been posted by the white Christian man, to show that Hinduism is a stupid religion.

Here is what you get in Wikipedia , if you Google DVAITA .

BLAH BLAH BLAH  -Dvaita (also known as Bheda-vāda, Tattva-vāda and Bimba-pratibimba-vāda) is a school of Vedanta founded by Shri Madhvacharya (c. 1238-1317 CE) . Dvaita Vedanta (dualistic conclusions of the Vedas) espouses dualism by theorizing the existence of two separate realities. The first and the more important reality is that of Vishnu or Brahman. Vishnu is the supreme Self, God, the absolute truth of the universe, the independent reality. The second reality is that of dependent but equally real universe that exists with its own separate essence. Everything that is composed of the second reality, such as individual soul (Jiva), matter, etc. exist with their own separate reality. The distinguishing factor of this philosophy as opposed to Advaita Vedanta (monistic conclusion of Vedas) is that God takes on a personal role and is seen as a real eternal entity that governs and controls the universe.  BLAH BLAH BLAH  

Pathetic!

Shri Madhavacharya was born 6300 years after Dvaita Hinduism was written down in the Vedas.

Punch into Google search--

ADVAITA VEDANTA SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL 

--to get an idea of Advaita Hindusim.


The symbol of Dvaita Hinuism is our Trinity of Brahma , Vishnu and Shiva . 



It is also represented by the Trident ( trishul ) of  Lord Shiva’s trishul, where the centre prong SATTVA is the midpoint of duality,  between TAMAS and RAJAS .





You may to astonished to know that it represents the organization of primal energy , the foundation of universal laws , relativity , stability of nature. The law holds together the endless spiral of galaxies .

So, format you mind, if you want to read further and understand the timeless wisdom of Hindusim.

The only constant on the planet is change, everything is in a state of flux, nothing is static-- everything is vibratory.  This is what guarantees growth and evolution. 

This concept was lifted and termed as Yin Yang , by the Chinese after this concept was introduced there by Bodhi Dharma .

It is a cosmic spiraling dance of  separate opposing forces, which sustains this universe. No life is possible on earth without this subtle tension .

Yang elements are clear and obvious while Yin elements are subtle or hidden behind the quantum screen.. What has a front has a back-- what has a beginning has an end.

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly . If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.

This principle of Dvaita Hinduism -- Tamas Rajas , which are rooted together , is present in every phenomenon on earth., where energy transforms from one to another—it can neither be created or destroyed.

These two opposing forces are natural and transform each other , in perfect harmony.  Harmony can never be stagnant .  Lessening of Tamas always results in increase of Rajas and vice versa
 
One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant .  No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite.  They consume each other yet support each other.
 
Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.
 
Balance can never be permanent— Tamas and Rajas continiously devour each other – and life flows on.
 
Absolute magic!




You must ponder over each waxing-waning cycle to appreciate the absolute truth . They keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other. 

Tamas creates Rajas, and Rajas activates/ excites Tamas.

NOTE:  IMPORTANT TO KNOW THAT SATTVA ( HARMONY )IS TAKEN AS THE MEDIATOR OR PRESERVER IN THIS POST-- BETWEEN TWO OPPOSITES TAMAS AND RAJAS.

Few examples of this eternal cycle of inter dependant reversal and immediate exchange are:--

Particle/ anti particle
Wave/ photon
Black hole/ quasar
Action/ reaction
Day/night
Conscious/ subconscious
Winter/ summer
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Man/ woman
Catabolism/ anabolism
Pressure/ Vacuum
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Evaporation/ condensation
Creation/ destruction
Oxidation/ antioxidation 
Attraction/ repulsion
Gather / disperse
Excitation/ inhibition
Absorbsion/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Coagulation/ anticoagulation
Acid/ base
Electron balance/ counterbalance
Positive pole/ negative
Magnetic North/ south
Counterclockwise vortex/ clockwise
Sleep/ wake 
Freezing/ melting
Vaporisation/ condensation
Ionisation/ deionisation
Energy/ matter
Proton/ electron
Matter/ antimatter
Birth/ decay 
Cathode/ anode 
Static/ Dynamic
Closed/ Open 
Organic / Inorganic 
Gravity / Antigravity
Deliberate/ Spontaneous

Tamas influences Rajas not only from inside but also from outside.. they are rooted together.


In the human body when Tamas and Rajas are out of balance –you fall sick . Ayurveda has recognized this six thousand years ago.

Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles.  Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself.

This great dance from formlessness to form is represented in Hindu Indian mythology as Shiva's tandav or the cosmic dance.

Ancient Vedic Indian rishis in 9000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.  So either Tamas or Rajas is visible – never both.

While a moron like Isaac Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible.  Tesla, Einstein, Heisenberg, Shrodinger etc were all familiar with the Indian Vedanta, which had known " wave-particle duality" and " power of human intention " 11000 years ago -- where the invisible outside the narrow band of 5 human senses , is part of reality .

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. 

This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount Meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations. 

This universe cannot exist without vibrations between two poles.

Punch into Google search -

KUMBH MELA , THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES  VADAKAYIL




To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness.  

Amrit (ambrosia ) is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind.  Mind is of the time domain--as a scalar manifestation. It can make contact with other scalar phenomena, and be influenced by them


The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. 

OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz.  Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Neuro transmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.  


DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit.  You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths.  



Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .  

Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. They could transcend the senses and limitations of space-time.

In the quantum picture, electromagnetic radiation has a dual nature, existing both as  waves and as streams of particles called photons.  Photons are exchanged whenever electrically charged subatomic particles interact.  

The photon has no electric charge, so it does not experience the electromagnetic force itself—in other words, photons cannot interact with one another.

At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is comprised of oscillating fields of energy.  In the quantum domain everything is interrelated. The universe is filled with an incomprehensible amount of energy and substance—some of which is imperceptible to our physical senses.

Radio waves, microwaves, infrared waves and microscopic particles are just a few examples of the infinite aspects of reality that elude the perception of our 5 senses. 


Narrowing our 5 senses bands , serve as a filter or squelch to prevent breakdown due to excess information. The 5 senses create the set for the stage we call our lives.  

The greatest piece of mechanism which has ever come into existence is the brain of man. Mind is real and eternal. Matter is forever changing.  Biology is a quantum process.  All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appear at the quantum level.

On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neuro physiology.  DNA can never die.  DNA is referred to a Tvatsa in the Rig Veda of 5000 BC --the blue print of double helix coiled serpents, which gives shape to all.



DNA rained down on the earth from the sky, inherent in a black meteorite stone called Shiva Lingam. The black stone which gave this seed is called Shiva’s phallus.

Punch into google search NASA DNA METERORITE.



DNA  merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living beings. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous process of spiritual evolution.  



This is something stupid Charles Darwin will never understand , as he did not have the intelligence .

The entire electromagnetic spectrum is intimately resonant with sound.  Astrology connects our world and our physical organisms with the vast cosmos uniting the microcosm and the macrocosm. Astrology is the interaction of micro particles and energy that invisibly fills our universe.




The so-called empty space or brahmAn ( of Advaita Hindusim ) is relatively teeming with photonic streams. Photons are exchanged whenever electrically charged subatomic particles interact.

Photon is a messenger particle for EM forces representing the fundamental quantum unit of EM energy. Photons are discrete ‘matter-waves’, the smallest bundle of light or luminescent energy. Photons have the capability to balance their internal or self motions.

In terms of its rest-mass, the photon is massless, so its velocity is frequency dependent.  The photon has an internal energy due to its self-motions, and an external energy due to its external motions.  All matter, possess EM self-fields with photons locked into the atomic structure that do no external work but possess internal energy.

At the cosmological level, magnetic fields and electric fields are the mutual forces between gravitating bodies and hence are both streams of photons. Low frequency photons behave more like waves, while high frequency photons act more like particles. 

The streams of optical photons that crisscross through the cosmos are intimately involved in this EM balance and are partially responsible for the overall cosmological balance of the universe.

The photon has no electric charge, so it does not experience the electromagnetic force itself—in other words, photons cannot interact with one another.  Photons do carry energy and momentum, however, and, in transmitting these properties between particles, they produce the effects known as electromagnetism.  

At the instant one particle emits a photon and another particle absorbs it, energy is not conserved. The photon, is stable and can in principle live forever.  The energy of a light beam can be compared to that possessed by a small particle moving at the velocity of light, except that no particle having a rest mass could move at such a velocity.



The name photon, used for the smallest quantity of light of any given wavelength, is meant to encompass this duality, including both the wave and particle characteristics inherent in wave mechanics and quantum theory. In the quantum picture, electromagnetic radiation has a dual nature, existing both as waves and as streams of particles called photons.




The energy of a photon is often expressed in units of electron volts. It is directly proportional to frequency and inversely proportional to wavelength. Visible light is only a small part of the electromagnetic spectrum. In order of decreasing frequency, the electromagnetic spectrum consists of gamma rays,  hard and soft X-rays, ultraviolet radiation, visible light, infrared radiation, microwaves, and radio waves.

More than 200 subatomic particles have been detected, and each appears to have an antiparticle, an antimatter counterpart with the identical mass but opposite electric charge, magnetic moment, or spin.  Positrons are very much like electrons: they have the same mass and the same spin but opposite electric charge.  Positrons, are the first of the so-called antiparticles to be discovered..

Matter cannot be built from both particles and antiparticles, however. When a particle meets an appropriate antiparticle, the two disappear in an act of mutual destruction known as annihilation. Atoms can exist only because there is an excess of electrons and protons in the everyday world, with no corresponding positrons and antiprotons.


High-energy subatomic particles—cosmic rays—rain down on the Earth's atmosphere from outer space, colliding with atomic nuclei to generate showers of particles that cascade toward the ground. In these showers, the enormous energy of the incoming cosmic ray is converted to matter, in accordance with 

Einstein's special theory of relativity, which states that E = mc2, where E is energy, m is mass, and c is the velocity of light. Among the particles created are pairs of electrons and positrons. The positrons survive until they come close enough to electrons to annihilate. The total mass of each electron-positron pair is then converted to energy, in the form of a gamma-ray photon.

One of the laws of the quantum realm – an event is a particle ( matter ) and a wave ( energy ) simultaneously. Body is a collection of particles. Mind is a collection of waves. Physics tells us that particles and waves are the same thing. 

Your intention determines whether you see a particle or a wave. At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is comprised of oscillating fields of energy. In the quantum domain everything is interrelated. The big bang theory –the universe inflates as an impeccable ordered wave of space and time.

The universe is filled with a incomprehensible amount of energy and substance—most of which is imperceptible to our physical senses. Radio waves, microwaves, infrared waves and microscopic particles are just a few examples of the infinite aspects of reality that elude the perception of our 5 senses.

The 5 senses create the set for the stage we call our lives. In the hologram the beam is split into two and it is only the recombination of 2 means that the holographic image is formed.

The Tamas Rajas philosophy perceives that innate nature of all manifestation is not 2 fold but 3. Active and passive forces like light shadow can only create phenomena through the presense of a third principle—a neutral force.

Similarly a beam of coherent intention is split into 2—past and future. They meet in the present moment called NOW of the holographic universe. 



The entire electromagnetic spectrum is intimately resonant with sound. In the phone voice is converted to a digital signal then transmitted down the lines as electromagnetic energy ( or beamed by a satellite ) to reverse the alchemical process.

Scalar waves are secondary waves in the zero point field—these secondary fields caused by motion of subatomic particles interacting with zero point field are ripples in space time—waves that can travel faster than the speed of light. 

Pure energy as it exists at the quantum level does not have time or space, but exists in a vast continuum of fluctuating charge.

Energy cannot be destroyed –it can only be transformed. Nothing that was created can ever cease to exist. They can only change. And so we change. We emerge from microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form we know in the world.  


Our bodies are composed of matter and our souls are composed of energy. They are different manifestations of a single underlying whole. On earth matter is our reality. We need to to use our 5 senses to accept it. In spiritual dimensions energy is the reality. These energies have different vibrational levels and none are as dense as the physical world.

Photons are the tiniest particles of light emanating from the stars. All living tissue has an electrical charge. Placing this charge in 3 dimensional space caused an electromagnetic field which travels at the speed of light.  Enormous surge of electrostatic energy occurs during healing. 

Reiki healers can produce surges upto 190 volts.  Pulses come from the healers abdomen can give you a nasty shock. Frequency levels of 2 to 30 hertz was emitted by healers.

Significant fluctuations in very low pulsations of a magnetic field emanated from both the hands. Healers increase in magnetic filed oscillations during healing. Similar to electrical fields magnetic fields decrease with distance.

All living things emit a constant tiny current of photons –tiny particles of light. The tiny frequencies are mainly stored and emitted from the DNA of cells. Cancer victims had fewer photons.  Photon stream emanates from the hands of healers.




The Vedas say that the universe was sung into being by a primal sound—the physical manifestation of this cosmic vibration is OM.

Classical physics propounded by naïve scientists like Newton ( of apple bump on head fame ) took a beating when Nano technology powered by Quantum physics came into existence.

A famous double slit quantum physics experiment changed the whole equation. It demonstrated to the shocked scientific world the power of mind over matter.

Mind and matter are not separate. Matter is just an expression of mind. The wise ancient vedic maharishis knew this DVAITA form 11000 years ago.

Scalar field waves possess astonishing power—a single unit of energy produced by a laser in such a state could represent a larger output than all the worlds power plants combined. 





Dr Robert Oppenheimer was asked by a student in a packed hall at Rochester University. Is the nuclear bomb exploded at Alomogordo ( Manhattan project ) the first one to be detonated. 

Oppenheimer who had a good understanding of Vedic Astras and Vimanas replied " Well yes-- in modern times of course!" 




When the Vedas talked about the power of a tiny atom, the West laughed.  Vedas had the last laugh after the atomic explosion.
********************************************************************
PEER PRESSURE , JUMPING INTO THE BANDWAGON - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THIRD WAVE RADICALIZATION , TO BE OR NOT TO BE COOL ,  CONFORMIST COWARDS,  CARRYING YOUR OWN LAMP ON YOUR OWN PATH -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Above picture- How cool is that?


Below is what US president Abraham Lincoln wrote to his son's teacher. 

He will have to learn, I know,
That all men are not just, all men are not true. 
But teach him also that for every scoundrel there is a hero
That for every selfish politician there is a dedicated leader 
Teach him for every enemy there is a friend
It will take time, I know
But teach him if you can that a dollar earned is of far more value than five found
Teach him to learn to lose and also to enjoy winning
Steer him away from envy if you can
Teach him the secret of quiet laughter 
Let him learn early that the bullies are the easiest to lick
Teach him if you can the wonder of books
But also give him quiet time to ponder the eternal mystery of birds in the sky
bees in the sun and the flowers on a green hillside
In the school teach him it is far honorable to fail than to cheat
Teach him to have faith in his own ideas even if everyone tells him they are wrong
Teach him to be gentle with gentle people And tough with the tough
Try to give my son the strength not to follow the crowd when everyone is getting on the band wagon
Teach him to listen to all men
But teach him also to filter all he hears on a screen of truth and take only the good that comes through
Teach him if you can how to laugh when he is sad
Teach him there is no shame in tears
Teach him to scoff at cynics and to beware of too much sweetness
Teach him to sell his brawn and brain to the highest bidders but never to put a price-tag on his heart and soul
Teach him to close his ears to a howling mob and to stand and fight if he thinks he’s right
Treat him gently but do not cuddle him
Because only the test of fire makes fine steel 
Let him have the courage to be impatient
Let him have the patience to be brave
Teach him always to have sublime faith in himself
Because only then he will have sublime faith in mankind
This is a big order but see what you can do
He is such a fine fellow
My son!

The two lines highlighted in RED is neglected by all teachers.  This post intends to educate these teachers (and parents too) what it means.



Below video- The wave.

The Third Wave was an experiment to demonstrate that even democratic societies are not immune to the appeal of fascism— only thing is that it was rigged in a US school by Jews .



A lot of people think that this event “the wave” was a real thing.   It was just a Jewish propaganda movie to show that the German people were hypnotized by Adolf Hitler to be servile to him , and that he was NOT a great mass leader at all . 

In such a bad situation ( for the Jews ) it was necessary to carve out the state of Israel, in Palestine right? That the “third wave” psychology involved in the originals Hitler’s youth movement is a sort of evil peer pressure.

Below video : Hitler and German youth.



MIM leader Asadullah Owaisi had made a “third wave radicalization of Muslim youth” call from the safety net of Lok Sabha.   He has NO idea that this movie about school children was a fake and rigged event.  



But it looks like he has done his homework, as pretty soon we have ugly Muslim riots in Mumbai, where they destroyed the Amar Jawan Jyoti memorial which NO desh bhakt will do. 




These are the people ( ex-Razakers ) our waitress turned empress calls secular.



Let us check out the psychology. 

The peer pressure effect is called "the identity shift effect". 

Your internal sate of harmony is  disrupted when faced with the threat of external conflict or social rejection , for failing to conform to a group standard.  

So you conform to the group standard,  but as soon as you do so, eliminating this external conflict, an internal conflict is introduced because you have violated your own standards and conscience.

To rid oneself of this internal conflict ( self-loathing ), an "identity shift" is undertaken, where one adopts the group's standards as one's own,  thereby eliminating internal conflict (in addition to the formerly eliminated external conflict), returning one once again to a state of harmony. How nice!

Even though the peer pressure process begins and ends with one in a state of nil conflict , as a result of conflict and the conflict resolution process, one leaves with a new identity, a new set of internalized standards.

Peer pressure is something we all go through in real life.  

If one man comes on bicyle for donation (chanda) for Durga Puja or some event  people will tell him to FO. But if the same man comes in a SUV with 10 more people , you will give them more that what you wanted to give or even afford to give.

If you have to make a donation for flood relief, you will not donate much.  But if your office says that the donation list will be put up on the canteen notice board, you will make sure that your name is among the top list of donors.  You have become most compassionate all of a sudden.


When you write a letter to an authority, to get something done, it will be ignored.  But if you CC and BCC the letter to several sister departments and to his boss , this letter will NOT be ignored.(There is a special piece about this , at the end of this post )

Today we see so many riots and rallies sponsored by foreign funded main stream media. They just make sure there are plenty of TV video cameras.  

People who have NOT cried when their own parents died , or even taken care of them in their old age,  are now shedding copious tears (for the camera ), for some unknown rape victim or some vague environment issue..

This is why on my ship, if there is a disaster I will NOT allow video cameras.  All have a job to do.  We don’t want mice pretending to be lions.  This is NOT the time to play to the gallery and earn brownie points or medals.

Making decisions on your own is hard enough, but when other people get involved and try to pressurise you one way or another it can be even harder.  People who are your age, like your classmates, are called peers.  

When they try to influence how you act, to get you to do something, it's called peer pressure.  It's something everyone has to deal with — even adults. 

Peers influence your life, even if you don't realize it, just by spending time with you. You learn from them. It's only human nature to listen to and learn from other people in your age group.

Mature people can resist peer pressure and he will NOT burn up from inside due to anxiety or make knee jerk reactions.  A mature person lives according to the dictates of his own higher intelligence, not by whims caused by internal or external pressure. 

He knows the difference between what he cannot change and what he can. He knows that there is good and bad in all people and in all things he will think in absolutes, and is able to be objective even when deeply stirred emotionally. He will not allow anybody , even his best friend to  covertly attempt to straitjacket him..  

A mature man has the capacity to endure uncertainty. He can communicate freely and understand the others point of view. No one can be a threat to him as he is the fountainhead of his own solutions. A mature man believes in himself and he is not dying or craving for the approval or gratitude of others. He will not let criticism or public opinion upset him. He will reject what others say— but in a logical manner. 

He will maintain his self respect— and respect others, who deserve his respect. A mature man knows the principles of dynamic risk assessment and can imagine the WCS ( worst case scenario ). 

When people talk about you behind your back, for swimming upstream, it confirms that you are important enough. Mature people can be themselves . They are good in listening to their own drummers. 

The reason this blog site exists is to make you listen to your own drummer , and NOT that of big brother.

Good parenting involves telling your children the meaning of peer pressure and showing them the ways to resist it.  I have two sons who do NOT get affected by peer pressure. Probably it is in their genes.

People who have sailed with a hard core captain by the name of Capt Ajit Vadakayil, will tell you that he is probably the last on the planet to succumb to peer pressure.



Let me narrate a true incident.

We were doing our revalidation courses for the Master Mariner’s Certificate of Competency. This meant staying at NIPM Chennai for 5 weeks.  There were 78 of us—all ship captains.  

( By the way , NIPM campus is a beautiful place on the sea shore, with swimming pool etc and you feel proud of being a part of it.  During the tsunami the swimming pool got filled with sea water.)

We reached the institution the previous day, and went to the mess for a meal.  I noticed that there were too many flies , as a sewer drain outside was opened up.

So I asked for the Canteen manager. While I did that there were 78 Captains watching me, as well as about 50 officer trainee employees from Mumbai port trust.

The female manager came —she was young , attractive and a divorcee.

I told her “ I will give you 48 hours to get rid of these flies.  I have not come here to get jaundice or typhoid.  All you need to do is to buy two UV fly electro-snappers .  If you don’t do that I will stop eating from this mess. And I also have a few suggestions regarding the food”.

She sat with me for a while and said she will take care of it, and went away.

Immediately the Mumbai port trust party came to me, and said “ Sir, we have been staying here for 2 months , and the food is so bad that we cant eat it.   We have all lost 5 kilos. Complaining has made NIL difference .  But as we can see she is afraid of you”

So I said “ Call her and tell her nicely and she will take care of it .  But you must know that she cannot run a loss making business .  You eat depending on the budget per head, you Mumbai port trust has negotiated ”


The next day I found that the fly smashers were running and there were NO flies on the table.  Rather I could hear the CRACK CRACK sound of the flies getting electrocuted and exploding from the kitchen.

And the suddenly comes the Mumbai port trust party.  They shoved a long scroll of paper in my face and requested me to sign it.  

I found that it was a written complaint, about the poor quality of food already signed by more than 100 souls, which included the sea captains .  Basically it was a daily onslaught of South Indian Sambhar, rasam, rice, idly,  dosa , uppma , all vegetarian stuff , which can get on the nerves of a North Indian .

I said “ I have never encouraged mass signature campaigns on my ship, and hence I will NOT sign it “

My room mate ( my senior and good friend ) had already signed it.

It so transpired that I was the only captain who refused to sign it , along with two Indian Navy ( battle ship ) captains.  The Indian Navy Captains were still in Naval service and signing means they would be court martialled.

So my room mate and friend piled on to me “ Ajit, you are the guy who started it all.  Now all have signed the complaint except you .  Everybody else is talking about you being the black sheep, and some are even saying that the attractive female manager has cast a spell on you ”

And then he refused to talk to me for 24 hours as a mark of protest- to show how much he was hurt by my behavior.

After ten days when the 78 Captains were sitting in the class room, the course head , a senior captain himself came in fuming and he said  “ Captain Ajit , and the two Naval Captains , please carry on . The rest must continue sitting “.

And then behind closed doors he blasted them .

He said  “If you have a problem with food , why have to not told me first ?  Why have you signed a mass signature document, with young Mumbai port trust trainees ,  on the first day itself, a copy of which has gone to the Mumbai Port trust Chairman ( IAS post ) and the ministry of Shipping?  Is this the level of your maturity and professionalism ?  If you want more chicken, fish etc all you got to do is to pay more and this can be discussed and arranged as part of the course fee ”

Needless to say all the 75 Captains apologized and felt like pieces of sh#t.

Later, when they came to the residential quarters I was sitting all alone in the lawn, with the Navy Captains.  
They all grinned and said “Ajit, you are the only smart guy. We just got our balls royally chewed up”.

I replied “ Jumping into the bandwagon, is NOT programmed into my DNA”



There is a subtle difference between “peer pressure” and “jumping into the band wagon”.

Jumping into the band wagon is when you join a growing movement in support of someone or something, in an opportunist way, when that movement is seen to have become successful.

Peer pressure is the outcome of the desire to conform to a group, by acting and doing things as everyone else.  They are forced to change their attitudes, values, or behaviors to conform to group norms.

Kids give in to peer pressure because they want to be liked, to fit in, or because they worry that other kids may make fun of them if they don't go along with the group.  

If your child finds that his friends are determined to do make him something risky, addictive or mean, he must be programmed to walk away, and NOT to rent space to anyone inside his head.

The idea that "everyone's cutting classes " or “doing drugs” or “making out with a gal” can influence some kids to leave their better judgment, or their common sense, behind. .  Some go along because they are curious to try something new that others are doing and having a great time.

It is tough to be the only one who says "no" to peer pressure, but you can do it.  Paying attention to your own values, feelings and beliefs about what is right and wrong can help you know the right thing to do.  

Inner strength and self-confidence can help you stand firm, walk away, and resist doing something when you know better.  It's great to have friends with values similar to yours who will back you up when you don't want to do something.

Parents must pay attention to the type of friends their children hang out with.  You've probably had a parent or teacher advise you to "choose your friends wisely." Peer pressure is a big reason why they say this.

Peer pressure can also have positive effects when people are pressured toward positive behavior, such as volunteering for saving the environment , excelling in academics or athletics, by their peers. You might admire a friend who has a good physique and this may encourage you to join a gym to work out.

If you choose friends who don't lie to their parents, then you probably won't do it either.  Try to help a friend who's having trouble resisting peer pressure and he will be your good friend later.



People who are low on confidence and those who tend to follow rather than lead are more likely to seek their peers' approval by giving in to a risky challenge or suggestion. Learn to feel comfortable saying "no." 

With good friends you should never have to offer an explanation or apology. But if you feel you need an excuse for, say, turning down a drink or smoke, think up a few lines you can use casually. You can always say, "No, thanks, I've got a gym competition  and I'm in training,"

A peer is someone in your own age group . Pressure is the feeling that you are being pushed toward making a certain choice—good or bad. Check out the differences between spoken and unspoken pressures. 

If someone is pressuring you to do anything that's not right or good for you, you have the right to resist. You have the right to say no, the right not to give a reason why, and the right to just walk away from a situation.  Being accepted by a stupid motley group should NOT be taken as the litmus test for  self-confidence .




Don’t be peer pressured into being less than you are. People willing to dilute themselves for the sake of others is one of the great tragedies of our time. When you do something it must be out of our clear choice and never because you got vacuumed in due to peer pressure . 

Peer pressure, is the worst form of excuse. If you give into peer pressure, you are a coward.  Never assume that you're on the right road just because it’s a well-beaten path.

Sages and hermits have no peer pressure. The stress of resisting unhealthy peer pressure can be buffered by good family relationships and a high self-esteem.  Sucumbing to conformity makes you hate yourself and lose peace with yourself.  

Our society is such that the people who walk on the beaten track throw stones at someone who is showing a new better road.  Thinking is a difficult thing.  The conventional view serves to protect people from the painful job of thinking




No price is too high to pay for the privilege of owning yourself.  Before you can break out of prison, you must first realize you're locked up.  If you don't control your mind, someone else will. The surest way to corrupt a child is to instruct him to hold in higher esteem those who think alike than those who think differently. Just because something is tradition doesn't make it right.





Children who follow useless fashions like having a ring on the eyebrow have succumbed to peer pressure.They did NOT have the strength of character to resist this ugly fashion. 70 percent of teens who smoke have friends who smoke or started smoking because of peer pressure.

Consider yourself a leader, and know that you have the potential to make a difference. Only dead fish swim with the stream, upside down.

Now about the YELLOW HIGH LIGHTED ITEM.


I have a nice incident to tell about CC and BCC of official letters.

29 years ago, I was the Captain of a huge tanker with a helipad at Bombay High.  This ship was Swedish made and my huge apartment had 5 rooms and 5 telephones, with a huge swimming pool sauna and a hobby room just outside and my wife loved it there..

We has extra accommodation like a hotel for any ONGC officers staying overnight. This accommodation was better than any 5 star hotel. The next morning  they would be ferried by helicopter ashore.

So I had my Chief Officer knocking on the door with a grim looking man in Safari suit.  Chief Officer said that the man has a complaint letter which he would give to the Captain directly, and he would NOT show him the contents. 

And then he whispered into my ear that half an hour ago someone had accidentally triggered off the fire alarm from the wheelhouse ( restricted entry ) , and it was this man. We were discharging cargo into a smaller tanker , which would take it to Chennai for discharge.

So I had a look at the letter.

It started off by a self introduction that he is one of the top fu#kin' cats of ONGC.

Then the latter went to a complaint mode, 8 items in all —that he was ignored—that in the dining room he was not allowed to sit on the captain’s table—that when he arrived on board there was nobody to receive him—that in his cabin the lights do not work BLAH BLAH.

This letter was CC and BCC to about 10 people —the head of ONGC, the head of Indian Oil Corporation, to the MD of my shipping company etc .

So I said “ The biggest problem is that the lights in your cabin does NOT work. Lead me to your room”

His cabin was dark and I put the lights on. All of them worked.

So he says “ Sir, I did not see the switch “ .  These were beautiful sunken switches meant for 7 star hotels.  

And I could see that he had got off his high horse pedestal by calling me Sir, instead of Captain this and Captain that.

I crossed the item with my pen and said “ Now let the solve your other 7 complaints.  I can kick your ass and send you away, for you are the c^nt who triggered off the fire alarm from a restricted area , causing me to suspend cargo work,  but let me be kind to you”.

By now this cocky man was perspiring heavily.  He says “ Sir, I pressed it by mistake”.

I said “ Even a 4 year old child will NOT do that , follow me to my cabin”.

In my cabin I asked him “ Here it says you were NOT received when you came on board”. It was impossible, as he came by crane and basket.



He says “ Yes, when the Captain of the daughter vessel came on board yesterday with his wife,  there were 10 people to receive him, including your Chief Officer and Duty officer.  I am a top ranking officer and only 2 people were there “

So I took him around on a conducted tour of my cabin.  See this bar stocked with the best liquor and wines—you don’t deserve that. See this nice garden – you don’t deserve that BLAH BLAH, and then I tore his letter and threw it on his face. 

I said “ Do your worst.  If I see you outside you cabin you are screwed.  For tomorrow’s breakfast before you leave my ship , I shall make sure that you are seated in the CENTROID of the mess room.  I don’t want a c^nt like you on my table.  And if I don’t see you sitting on the special table at the centroid of the mess, I will be telling your MD ( ONGC ) about the fire alarm, which caused a cargo work delay.

I knew the MD of ONGC and he was my personal friend , as he had enjoyed my hospitality thrice before on previous ships when he came on fact finding missions.

Poor guy, was sitting at the special DUNCE table  in the middle of the room, with my 18 officer cadets smirking at him- and a steward with a huge false moustache serving him , like how you would serve the British Queen..

Just to show that sometimes things can go badly out of script –and you can be called a C^NT , threatened to be kicked on the back side , and you can do nothing about it.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MAYA , THE VEIL OF ILLUSION, TRUTH BEYOND THE QUANTUM SCREEN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

MAYA IN HINDUISM  , MODERN QUANTUM PHYSICS AND ANCIENT SANATANA DHARMA  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



 "Know nature to be Maya and the Ruler of this Maya is the Lord Himself." -- Svetasvatara Upanishad.

God lives in Time and Space and moves with Time  (both are eternal ).  Heavens, Earth, day and night all serve Time and Time controls All . (Rig Veda 1-95-7).

'That which is above the sky, that which is beneath the earth, that which is between these two, sky and earth that which the people call the past, the present and future, across space is that woven like warp and weft.   - Brhadaranyaka Upanisad 5000 BC

The theory of Maya is one of the grand pillars  upon which Vedanta rests.

The word origin of MAYA is derived from the Sanskrit roots MA ( not ) and  YA ( that ).

The term MAYA  is mentioned  72 times in Rigveda written down in Sanskrit in 5000 BC.  Maya is mentioned  29 times in the Atharva Veda.  In Puranas and Vaishnava theology,  Maya is described as one of the nine shaktis of the reclining Vishnu.

MAYA is the veritable fabric of duality, and she performs this role at the behest of BrahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.. The Supreme God is not bound by Maya  just as magicians do not believe the illusions of their own magic.

Swami Vivekananda had told Nikola tesla that science and religion would meet and shake hands.  He told Tesla that when science meets the consciousness field of Vedanta written 7000 years ago, the last frontier of science can be breached.

 I think that time has come to understand this profound truth , but this is possible only after understanding the concept of MAYA in Hinduism.




The universe is filled with an incomprehensible amount of energy and substance , most of which is imperceptible to our physical senses.  Radio waves, microwaves, infrared waves and microscopic particles are just a few examples of the infinite aspects of reality that elude the perception of our 5 senses.



Our 5 senses serve as a filter allowing us to experience only what is absolutely necessary for our physical existence.  The 5 senses create the set for the stage we call our lives.  The senses squelch out , let we will have a breakdown due to excess information.  

Maya is invisible and  beyond sense-perception. No human can see beyond the quantum screen .

Dvaita Hinduism tells us about the duality of nature and existence .  These dual poles of Tamas –Rajas ( Yin Yang ) are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles.

This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant .  Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.  

Lila is a way of describing all reality, including the cosmos, as the outcome of creative play by BrahmAn, the intelligent empty space in which the electrons in an atom whiz around.  Maya may be understood as the phenomenal universe of perceived duality ( Dvaita Vedanta ) , a lesser reality-lens superimposed on the unity of BrahmAn ( Advaita Vedanta )

The goal of spiritual enlightenment is to perceive BrahmAn and Maya and distinguish between them.   Conversely Maya gets destroyed for a person when they perceive Brahman with transcendental knowledge.  

A metaphor is also given—when the reflection of Brahman falls on Maya, BrahmAn appears as God.
No man can jump out of his own self, so no man can go beyond the limits that have been put upon him by the laws of time and space.

Albert Einstein said  "We have been all wrong.  What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses.  There is no matter."   

He has just quoted from 7000 year old Vedanta ( which he was proficient in ) which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality.

What is the difference between a quantum physicist and an ancient Indian maharishi seer of 9500 BC ?

The seer placed himself inside and saw outwards,  for he has the perception afforded by a king sized pineal gland and 12 strand DNA to do so.

The quantum scientist with a shriveled pineal gland and 2 strand DNA ( 97% junk ) with pre-conceived notions pounded in by a moron Isaac Newton  stood outside and peeked inside all the while scratching his head.

The mystics took existence for granted, and knew how to get from here to there.  They got to see beyond the apparition of MAYA.   The distinction between the self and the Universe is a false dichotomy.

The physicists took  non-existence for granted, and tried  to get from there to here stumbling badly in the process . The distinction between consciousness and physical matter  is the result of an unenlightened perspective.


The modern Big Bang cosmologists want to get the Universe out of nothing.  It's like asking us to believe that nothing made everything out of nothing. They could not understand singularity which the Vedic seer did.  
The Bindu of the 10500 year old Sri yantra represents singularity. 



The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita--just like inhalation and exhalation.  


The outside observer is NOT affected by events beyond the "event horizon" --the boundary beyond spacetime.



When you see beyond the quantum screen of Maya , all become crystal clear. 



Bhagawatam 9.3.30-32 (  Albert Einstein’s time dilation was written down 7000 years before ) narrates a vimana with a single spacemen who went to the highest planetary system due to an urgent situation and stayed there for only 20 minutes. When he returned he could not find any of his family and relatives, the sons and  grandsons—and there was NO record of the family tree. An example of Maya of time.

Without such space time knowledge it is impossible to record the accurate speed of light in Vedas , 7000 years ago.

“Tatha cha smaryate yojananam sahasre dve dve shate dve cha yogane ekena nimishardhena kramamana namo ‘stu ta iti”- Rig Veda.

Even today the speed of light calculated by most modern means is same as what was calculated in Surya Siddhantam 6000 years ago.

O Sun, bow to you, you who travers 2,202 yojanas in half a minute. The Puranas define 1 nimesha to be equal to 16/75 seconds. 1 yojana is about 9 miles. Substituting in Sayana’s statement we get 186,000 per second. 

The Puranas speak of the creation and destruction of the universe in cycles of 8.64 billion years, that is quite close to currently accepted value regarding the time of the big bang.

Coordinate geometry was discovered by Aryabhatta in 2700 BC. Mathematically space-time  is a manifold consisting of "events" which are described by three spatial dimensions (length, width, height), and one temporal dimension (time) . 



In spacetime, a coordinate grid that spans the 3+1 dimensions locates events (rather than just points in space), i.e. time is added as another dimension to the coordinate grid. This way the coordinates specify where and when events occur.

Vedanta is the apex of the knowledge of the Vedic tradition, exactly as Quantum Mechanics and allied fields are the most advanced subjects in Western science.  None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. 

They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis. Vedanta and modern Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.

Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism believes that God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.  The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics. 

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.

The Bible says that the big bang happened in 4004 BC, while Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts. 

Modern science accepted consciousness only after it got shell shocked by the results of the quantum double slit experiment.. The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world. It was written down in the Vedas said 7000 years ago that mind is over matter.

Quantum physicists were shocked at the results of the double slit experiment, which proved that our ancient maharishi seers were right.


One of the laws of the quantum realm – an event is a particle ( matter ) and a wave ( energy ) simultaneously.  Body is a collection of particles. Mind is a collection of waves.  

Quantum Physics like Vedas tell us that particles and waves are the same thing.  Your intention determines whether you see a particle or a wave.

See the video below. If you are NOT shocked , you have NOT understood it.




Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded.  It is written in the Vedas that energy and matter are inter convertible.  

When Sai baba produced matter ( vibhuti ash) from his empty palm out of body energy,  the quantum principle was the same.  Albert Einstein who was proficient in Vedas  put it down as E=MC^2

There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void.

At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is comprised of oscillating fields of energy.  In the quantum domain everything is interrelated. Photons and electrons have a ability to shift their form in an instant.

 Measured one way they behave as particles. Measured another way they act as waves.

In spiritual dimensions energy is the reality. These energies have different vibrational levels and none are as dense as the physical world.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness 9000 years ago.  In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.

The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity. 

When the Gita says "The Universe produced phenomenally in me, is pervaded by me. . . From me the world is born, in me it exists, in me it dissolves."  It can only be understood if we understand consciousness. This is why the Western readers who has NO idea of consciousness , thought that the glorious Vedas are bumpkin shepherds verses .  Only consciousness can explain consciousness.

In Vedic cosmology, the concept of spacetime combines space and time to a single abstract universe. The Sanskrit word for the space/time continuum is Akasha, as told to Nikola Tesla by Vivekananda.  The space/time continuum is produced from the vibration created by the alternation between infinity and a point at infinite frequency.

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form.


“Elementary time is measured to its covering of a particular elementary space. That time which covers the unmanifest aggregate of the elementary particle is called the great time ( Mahakala )” :- Bhagawatam 3.11.14

While modern mathematics, science and technology centre around linear dimensional reality , but the Vedic systems avail multidimensional spiraling reality.




Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person.”

The big bang is merely a prelude to the big crunch, and the universe is caught in an infinite cycle of expansion and contraction, symbolizing the primordial black-hole like state is Aditi, the mother of all mothers and the mother of the cosmos.
  



Singularity existed before the big-bang. When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas.


Consciousness of time can be likened to a deep hypnosis which causes one to be in sympathy with the various frequencies and pulses of the physical universe Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer. As such, it creates not only space, but also time. When scalar beams charge through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.

Heisenberg's uncertainty principle, is  another  equation of maya. The position and momentum of a particle cannot be simultaneously measured with arbitrarily high precision. There is a minimum for the product of the uncertainties of these two measurements. There is likewise a minimum for the product of the uncertainties of the energy and time.



Quantum Physics does NOT give us a clear vision of what we call the classical cause and effect truth.

 As per Vedas Gravity is more than simple attraction.  It is orientation.  Atomic clocks placed at orbital heights recorded time passing just slightly faster than those at sea level—just because  gravity is weaker higher up.  

The atomic clock installed at US NIST in 1999 , which measures light emitted by supercooled Caesium atoms as they fall though a microwave cavity, can run for 20 million years without losing or gaining a second

Where gravity, and hence a curvature of space, was greatest time moved more slowly; where it was not, more quickly.  The passage of time as we record and experience it here was actually slower than in space. 



Time seems influenced by the physical as well:  at a higher altitude actually record time passing faster, where gravity and magnetism are weaker. Gravity can even affect the travel of light.  Black holes exist in space, where gravity is so strong the light cannot escape, where not even time can be registered for the clock would stop, where everything vanishes. 

Gravity can be reduced, nullified and inverted by means of electromagnetic radiation. 

Dark matter is a constant sea of matter traveling the opposite direction in the timeline, only appearing for a moment, seeming to travel beyond light-speed, but still exerting gravity. Gravity is the result of an amount of matter pulling itself together, to create compressive force toward the center, which curves all energy paths both directions in the 4th dimension 

The closer to center-of-gravity, the faster energy moves, hence the inward pull of gravity.  The gravity “field” is the area where spacetime tries to even itself out.  Gravity is a push, NOT a pull.

Newton of apple bump on head fame, viewed gravity as an actual force. ( thank god he did not discover gravity ,while on the potty! ).

To check out what a characterless person he was, punch into Google search –

ISAAC NEWTON, CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

Newtons "isolated systems " are NOT found in nature.  He did NOT understand what he presented to the world as 99% of his work , was stolen from 7000 year old Vedic era books.

No fundamental deficiencies have been found in quantum mechanics, since the past 7 decades.

That space where the electrons whiz around is the substance of everything. Again, the difference is not in the makeup of the particles, but in the space between the particles in orbit (electrons) and the nucleus (with protons).

That space is electromagnetic energy.  That space is “reality.”  That space is the atom.  Electromagnetism is the substance of everything.  In essence, that “space” is the substance of all structure.  The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”.  

This is the BrahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic field the Vedic seers talked about 11000 year ago.

Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . .limitless power.

Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) demonstrate the reverse process. Photons , the particle-like energy packets that constitute light radiation, from a super powerful short-pulse glass laser, producing a half trillion watts of power in a beam 6 micrometres  across, were arranged to interact with a pulsed beam of high-energy electrons.

Some of the photons collided with the electrons, gaining a huge energy boost, and recoiled back along the line of the laser beam. A number of those energetic photons collided with oncoming laser photons and, in so doing, sufficiently broke down the vacuum to produce pairs of electrons and positrons.

The experiment marked the first time that the creation of matter from radiation had been directly observed.  Pair production (the formation of a positron and an electron ) happens when electromagnetic energy interacts with matter.  

This is the cosmic dance of Shiva, envisioned in their third eye or Irridium charged and soma resonated pineal gland of our ancient seers.




In his book "My view of the world", Schrödinger outlined his mystical and metaphysical view as derived from Hindu Vedanta philosophy.


The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.

Vedas are NOT about Indra running around like a jack ass looking for lost cows and then doing a sacrifice so that he can get the strength to screw the asuras... 

Grace and peace.
Below video shows how a 7000 year old Sanskrit Vedic chant sounds like.
********************************************************************
FUMAROLES FOR FREE ENERGY AND HYDROGEN SULPHIDE SUICIDES IN JAPAN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PARTNERSHIP BETWEEN NITRIC OXIDE AND HYDROGEN SULPHIDE,  GEOTHERMAL FREE ENERGY,  HOT WATER SPRINGS,  ALZHEIMER'S DISEASE AND H2S -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I am familiar with volcanoes by virtue of being at sea for 4 decades. My stainless steel chemical tanker  used to trade in Rabaul, passing less than a kilometer of a active volcano Tavarvur and discharging Gasolene and Aviation turbine fuel within 3 kilometers off this volcano.



Above : Picture of my ship’s starboard bridge wing and the Tavarvur volcano.

My ship used to be covered with black volcano soot, and even in the Captain’s cabin, if I do NOT put filters on the AC duct,  soot would enter even the computer.  The crew working on deck to sustain cargo work used to wear face masks.



Though it was not a bright thing to do, I have checked out the fumaroles at the base of this volcano. These openings in the earth’s crust spout steam and gases like such as carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide, hydrochloric acid, and hydrogen sulfide.  




The guy who came with me got scalded on his ass, luckily his family jewels were spared.  The steam is created when superheated water turns to steam as its pressure drops when it emerges from the ground. The name Solfatara, is given to fumaroles that emit sulfurous gases.

These seeping gases can also be quiet killers and can give you pulmonary edema even if you escape.I remember taking a Sabutamol aerosol spray ( bronchodilator asthma spray ) , in addition to a face mask. 

Hydrogen sulfide has been implicated in several mass extinctions that have occurred in the Earth's past.  A buildup of heavier than air hydrogen sulfide in the atmosphere may have caused the Permian-Triassic extinction event 250 million years ago.

On the 7th of October 2006 the volcano erupted , and an initial blast shattered windows up to 12 kilometres away and sent an ash plume 18 km into the stratosphere.  Fortunately this time winds blew most of the ash away from Rabaul.  



When it happened the second and third times , Rabaul airport was shut down for weeks.. The cargo surveyors had to come by ferry ships. I remember I signed off at Rabaul after the airport re-opened.  The ash was still lying all over the airport interiors.

I had visited the Rabaul tunnels . If you wanna know how Japanese soldiers ate Subhash Chandra Bose’s INA soldiers for dinner ,  punch into Google search-

SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE , SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL




Fumaroles could be described as a hot spring that boils off all its water before the water reaches the surface.  Magma ( hot igneous rocks )  at shallow depth release gases or interact with groundwater, releasing hot steam. 

The steam is created when superheated water turns to steam as its pressure drops when it emerges from the ground. The steam has so little water that it all flashes into steam before reaching the surface. Some fumaroles are as hot as 1000 degrees  centigrade due to superheated steam.



Geothermal steam and hot water do contain naturally occurring traces of hydrogen sulfide (a dangerous gas that smells like rotten eggs) that can be harmful in low concentrations.  Their gas content often varies according to the temperature.



Relatively cool fumaroles between 100'C and 300'C often give off hydrogen sulphide that reacts with the oxygen in the air to produce sulphur deposits.




Fumaroles are often present on active volcanoes during periods of relative quiet between eruptions.
Geothermal power plants who harness fumaroles, do not burn fuel to generate electricity, so their emission levels are very low. Geothermal power plants use scrubber systems to clean the air of hydrogen sulfide and the other gases.


Now let me make a pregnant statement here.  Believe me, this could be the statement of the century.

Whoever can reveal the quid pro quo role of Hydrogen Sulphide and Nitric Oxide in affecting human beings in a positive manner will get a Nobel prize.  


For example , just for starters, I believe that in future Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Sulphide acting in a quid pro quo manner will cure incurable diabetes.

Remember this is mE idea.

And form where did yours truly get this idea, pray?

Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG  VADAKAYIL

And I predict Hydrogen Sulphide gas will be used by astronauts who go beyond Mars to get into a hibernation state in future.

Punch into Google search HIBERNATION WITH HYDROGEN SULPHIDE GAS  VADAKAYIL

If enough groundwater is present, the steam vent may turn into a hot spring, creating a supply of bubbling naturally hot water which is heated by the escaping steam smelling of H2S.  Historically, hot springs have been believed to be beneficial for human health, with communities arising around such springs .  

In Japan they are crazy over hot water spring baths with a slight tinge of Hydrogen Sulphide gas smell, and they are willing to travel great distances and spend a lot of money just to take a soak .. 

Alzheimer's disease the brain's hydrogen sulfide concentration is severely decreased. Like nitric oxide, hydrogen sulfide is involved in the relaxation of smooth muscle that causes erection of the penis, presenting possible new therapy opportunities for erectile dysfunction. H2S relaxes blood vessels. 

Foods like garlic and onions  are high in sulfur, which can be used to make hydrogen sulfide in the body. Garlic and Onion can lower blood pressure in humans.

Hot spring bath has been one of the symbols of the Japanese culture. But they never knew the science behind it.  All they knew is that they felt good.  People with neuralgia and rheumatism would spend their lives savings in sitting in a hot water spring. 

So many expensive hotels were built where your private toilet is a private part of the hot water spring.  Neuralgia is a sharp, shocking pain that follows the path of a nerve and is due to irritation or damage to the nerve.  Living with severe pain, particularly if it affects your quality of life, can also lead to acute depression.

Soaking in a hot sulphurated springs dilate peripheral blood vessels, detoxifies the body in a pollution ridden country , relaxed aching muscles and joints, manages kinetic function disorder and chronic rheumatism , destresses frozen shoulders of high strung Japanese and is even good for constipation. 




This good feeling and the need to save money, caused senior Japanese to create their own hydrogen sulphide smelling hot springs in the bath tubs of their own home toilets , by some innovation.  

This caused several Japanese to die of overdose ,3 years ago , as H2S is a very dangerous gas,  though it is produced in your own stomach in small quantities.



This H2S home production innovation was in the form of mixing two chemicals. They combining bath salts and cleaning detergent bath additive made from Calcium Sulfide. Some others surfed the internet mixed bath sulfur with toilet bowl cleaner toilet bowl cleaner in Japan containing Muriatic acid.  

When sulfur is mixed with a potent oxidant such as toilet detergent, a great  quantity of H2S gas is produced.  None of them knew the dangers.  



Later on lot of people who knew the dangers used this specific knowledge to end their unhappy lives in a painless manner.  

Below: Who says India is an unhappy place.  You dont need to be rich to be happy.




They just went to sleep in a hot water tub and never got up. Thousands of Japanese committed suicide , and the death figure is hushed up.





On a Chemical tanker were are very aware of Hydrogen Sulphide,  as we carry animal fats and fish oils. Treatment involves immediate inhalation of amyl nitrite, injections of sodium nitrite , inhalation of pure oxygen and Furosemide for pulmonary edema, where you down in your own lung fluids.


0.0047 ppm is the recognition threshold, the concentration at which 50% of humans can detect the characteristic odor of hydrogen sulfide, normally described as resembling "a rotten egg".

20 ppm is the acceptable ceiling concentration established by OSHA.

At 100–150 ppm the olfactory nerve is paralyzed after a few inhalations, and the sense of smell disappears, often together with awareness of danger.

530–1000 ppm causes strong stimulation of the central nervous system and rapid breathing, leading to loss of breathing.

800 ppm is the lethal concentration for 50% of humans for 5 minutes exposure (LC50).

Concentrations over 1000 ppm cause immediate collapse with loss of breathing, even after inhalation of a single breath.




Hydrogen sulfide is a broad-spectrum poison, meaning that it can poison several different systems in the body, although the nervous system is most affected.  The toxicity of H2S is comparable with that of hydrogen cyanide.   

Since hydrogen sulfide occurs naturally in the body, the environment and the gut (farts ), enzymes exist in the body capable of detoxifying it by oxidation to (harmless) sulfate.  Hence, low levels of hydrogen sulfide may be tolerated indefinitely.

Basically hot water springs are used as a reverse osmosis bath, as these waters have minerals too..

Punch into Google search -

AYURVEDA, REVERSE OSMOSIS BATHS IN 4000 BC VADAKAYIL


Hydrogen Sulphide gas can treat arthritis. It effectively reduces swelling and inflammation in arthritic joints…  This gas can serve as a neuroprotectant to treat and prevent neurotoxin-induced neurodegeneration via multiple mechanisms including anti-oxidative stress, anti-inflammation and metabolic inhibition and therefore has potential therapeutic value for treatment of Parkinson’s disease..

H2S gas can regulate the signaling pathway implicated in biological malfunctions linked to Alzheimer's disease.  Nitric oxide released by chanting OM the Hindu king mantra is a gaseous signaling molecule like H2S.  

H2S gas can slow aging and block damaging chemical reactions inside cells and can counteract free radicals. The gas has a role for regulating blood pressure, improving the flexibility of veins and arteries and producing a smoother flow of blood. 



So next time when you fart , just think about all this.







How do you extract hydrogen fuel from fumaroles?



Hydrogen sulphide,  is bubbled through molten copper to release pure hydrogen, whilst the copper reacts with the sulphur to form copper sulphide.

The copper sulphide can then be reacted with air to recover the copper, while the sulphur reacts with oxygen to form sulphur dioxide, which is then reacted with water to form concentrated sulphuric acid, which can be put to good use.

The reaction operates at 1,200 degrees C, with the energy inputs taken from the reaction between hydrogen sulphide and copper, and copper sulphide and oxygen.

The ancient Indian text of Agastya Samhita 7000 years ago, describes the method of making electric battery,  and that water can be split into oxygen and hydrogen.  

Don’t be surprised , Mitra is cathode , Varuna is anode , Pranavayu is oxygen, Udanavayu is hydrogen , Hradini is the electric juice that is obtained from storage cells and Shatakumbhi is a battery of hundred  cells in series.

Toyota is slated to release its first hydrogen fuel cell vehicle in 2015, and the price is expected to be in the range of $50,000.  

In a hydrogen fuel cell car, hydrogen gets drawn through a catalytic membrane: an electron gets stripped from the hydrogen to power the car. The waste product—water—goes out the tailpipe. . Filling fuel cell cars from a Hydrogen refueling station , takes just minutes. 

Probably I will post on this later.

Grace and peace!

********************************************************************
SANKHYA PHILOSOPHY OF HINDUISM , EPISTEMOLOGY OF SANATANA DHARMA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PURUSHA AND PRAKRITI ,  SUPERIMPOSING ADVAITA AND DVAITA FORMS OF HINDUISM ,  25 TATTVAS OF SANKHYA PHILOSOPHY OF MAHARISHI KAPILA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 

Millions of words have been written of Sankhya philosophy in books and on the internet—all nonsense of the first order.

You need to format your mind first , to unlearn,  before you start reading and learn what follows. 

Nothing can be lifted from this blog post by copy and paste.  All you can do is to provide a link . For it is the first time Sankhya philosophy is being correctly perceived.

Ready?  

It is easy to understand.



This declared to you is the Yoga of the wisdom of Sankhya.  Hear, now, of the integrated wisdom with which, Partha, you will cast off the bonds of karma.—Bhagavad Gita 2.39-  4000 BC

Sankhya philosophy unified the Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hinduism in a most interesting manner.   Here when the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.  

Check out the allegory- Purusha is bewitched nay entranced by Prakriti .  Prakriti is only too eager to oblige by displaying her subtle charms.  

As a dancer,  after having performed for the observer , stops dancing, so does Prakṛti cease to perform for an individual Puruṣha when her task is accomplished.  Female Prakirti  has danced for male Puruṣha, and as he is no longer interested in her (“I have seen her”), she stops forever (“I have already been seen”).  



Sankhya thus is a theory of evolution and understanding the universe.  The dancing girl dances as long as the male observer is there. The moment the observer ceases to look at her and understands the dance perfectly, she fails to amuse him anymore.

Purusha, or supreme consciousness ( BrahmAn ) , is the impassive observer of all phenomena. Prakriti,  excited  in response to Purusa’s attention , has her gunas ( Yin-Yang or Tamas –Rajas ) thrown out of equilibrium.  

She moves from transcendence to immanence and undergoes a series of transformations through which the multiform world comes into being.  Purusha, was never really in bondage, or enmeshed with Prakriti.

Prakriti cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety. It is perceived in its effects.



Sa N khya and Sa M khya is the same thing.   

Originally called saNkhya.   But corrupted by the west to be saMkhya in English.  Like Murali in India became Moodley or Govinda became Govender ( indentured labour ) in south Africa.

Later bullshit explanations were given ,that Sankhya referred to the dynamic counting process of interactions in the universe whereas Samkhya meant an objective evaluation of an equalized state in passive existence( sic!)—whatever that may mean.

SaNkya means “enumeration” (numerical counting  logic)  in Sanskrit and Malayalam.  'Samkhya', has been given a spin to be  sense of thinking by the white Christian indophile spin doctors.

Buddhists have murdered Sankhya philosophy in cold blood. . In Buddhism there is no Purusha, no Prakriti. Buddhism does not accept world as real. It is idealism.  But Sankhya accepts the world as real.  

Sankhya  accepts the principle of satkarya-vada, i.e. the effect exists in cause, which is the corner stone of Dvaita form of Hinduism.  There is hardly any similarity between Sankhya and Buddhism.

Buddha was a mortal of Gautama gotra.  Buddhists presented Maharishi Kapila as a philosopher whose students built the city of Kapilavastu in a false manner.  For Buddha lived and grew up in Kapilavastu for the first 29 years of his life..

So the white Christian man was happy, as that pushed back Maharishi Kapila back in time by 6000 years.  Maharishi Kapila is mentioned by Lord Krishna in the Bhagavad Gita of 4000 BC.

Chapter 2 of the Bhagavad Gita is labeled as Sankhya Yoga. The first proponent of Sankhya Philosophy was Maharishi Kapila, a descendant of Manu and his parents were Kardama Muni and Devahuti.

The Sankhya philosophy of Kapila was the first rational system that the world ever saw- but don’t ever imagine that this is an aethist system, as tom tommed by the white Freemason , eager to shore up stupid Charles Darwin.  

The Sāṁkhyapravacana Sūtra in verse no. 1.92 directly states that existence of "God is unproved"—nicely injected in position by the white Freemason.






Now first let me put some quotations so that you can understand that Sankhya philosophy precede the Vedas written in 5000 BC and the Mahabharata in 4000 BC, and is treated with respect by ancient stalwarts.

The root cause (Brahman) is to be apprehended by Sankhya-yoga - Svetasvatara Upanisad (6.13) -5000 BC

There is no wisdom like Sankhya – Mahabharata 4000 BC

I have said before that two paths are available in this world - Yoga of knowledge as followed by the Sankhyas and Yoga of action as practiced by the Yogins .– Bhagawat Gita (3.3)- 4000 BC

The ignorant differentiate between Sankhya and Yoga; not the wise. He who considers the two as integrated has the right insight – Bhagawat Gita (5.4)

Of all trees I am the banyan tree, and of the sages among the demigods I am Narada. Of the Gandharvas I am Citraratha, and among perfected beings I am the sage Kapila.- Bhagawat Gita (10.26)

Mahrishi Kapila Muni’s work is lost forever.  The principal extant text for this system is Sankhya-karika of Ishwara-krishna which is of a more recent date of 4th century CE. It is a condensed and mutilated account in seventy-two verses, for he was NOT a seer with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland..

Sankhya system allows for only 3 sources of valid knowledge – perception (Pratyaksa,) inference (Anumana) and veridical testimony (Shabda.).

In Sankhya, direct perception is the most important and fundamental source of all knowledge. When senses cannot directly perceive due to their limitations, inference is needed such as in philosophical disputations. The very existence of Purusa ( BrahmAn – morphogenetic consciousness ) is possible only through inference.



The Sankhya system is so called because it describes twenty-five categories or principles of the whole universe.  It gives the names of twenty-five principles of the universe, and describes the methods, by which we can know and analyze these principles and their nature.  

Purusha is neither produced nor does it produce.  Prakriti  is not produced but it produces. Sankhya cites out two types of perceptions- Indeterminate (nirvikalpa) perceptions and determinate  (savikalpa) perceptions.  

The Sankhya philosopher accepts three kinds of evidences, namely direct perception, hypothesis and traditional authority.  The order is important, for we use inference only when perception is impossible, and only if both are silent do we accept tradition.

He identifies three kinds of procedures--namely, parimanat (transformation), samanvayat (adjustment) and saktitah (performance of energies)--as the causes of the cosmic manifestation.  Sankhya  is to take into account all the important factors of the cosmos including the human being who is conscious and has brahmAn in his DNA.

Bhagavad-gita (13.22) affirms:
purusah prakrti-stho hi
bhunkte prakrti-jan gunan
karanam guna-sango 'sya
sad-asad-yoni-janmasu
"The living entity in material nature thus follows the ways of life, enjoying the three modes of nature. This is due to his association with that material nature. Thus he meets with good and evil among various species.”

Sankhya was introduced by Maharishi Kapil to his disciple Asuri and his old mother Devhooti for liberation just before her death.

Tattva is a Sanskrit and Malayalam word meaning  'principle', 'reality' . 

The Sankhya-Yoga system divides all knowable phenomena into 25 Tattvas. 


25. Purusha – the sentient being (consciousness), the experiencer
24. Prakriti – primal nature (root of all insentient matter)

Antahkaranas – internal organs
23. Mahat-Buddhi – intelligence
22. Ahamkara – objective ego
21. Manas – mind

 Jnanendriyas Sense-organs, for receiving the bhutas and the tanmatras, viz
20  karna (the auditory sense)      
19  tvak (the thermal sense)         
18  chaksu (the visual sense)        
17  rasana (the gustatory sense)   
16  nasa (the olfactory sense)

Karmaendriyas organs of action, viz.
15 vak (vocal organ)  
14 pani (manual organ)          
13 pada (organ of locomotion)          
12 payu (excretory organ)      
11 upastha (genital organ)

Tanmatras – subtle elements
10. Shabda – sound
9. Sparsha – feel
8. Rupa – form
7. Rasa – taste
6. Gandha – smell

Mahabhutas – gross elements
5. Akasha – space
4. Vayu – air
3. Tejas – fire
2. Ap – water
1. Prithivi – earth

The tattvas are guideposts to orient ourselves within the map and to see what we experience as separate concepts are truly part of a larger whole. .  

Patanjali drew heavily upon Sankhya philosophy in the development of his Yoga Sutras, and many of the practical methods and techniques of yoga rest on Sankhya's philosophical foundations. .  Yoga is  a complete exercise program for body,  mind and spirit.

The Bhagavad Gita terms three prominent types of yoga:
Karma yoga: The yoga of action.
Bhakti yoga: The yoga of devotion.
Jnana yoga: The yoga of knowledge

The first product of creation is Mahat.  Mahat is the highest principle; it is the intellect or Buddhi.  From Mahat, arises Ego (Ahamkara) and then the mind (Manas.).

Subsequently the 5 sense organs (Jnanendriyas,) 5 organs of action (Karmendriyas,) 5 objects of the senses (Tanmatras) and 5 gross elements (Pancabhutas) are created.

This is creation.

In dissolution, the process is reversed.

We have accounted for 23 Tattvas here. The other two are Purusa and Avyakta, together forming the 25 Tattvas. It is this enumeration that earned the appellation Sankhya for this philosophical system.

Samkhya as you can see was a masterpiece of modeling the ways of the inner universe.

Now comes the crunch—check out how Sankhya marries Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hindusim.

Purusha is the Advaita form of Hindusim.  The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha , the space between the electrons in an atom.



Prakirthi is the Dwaita form of Hindusim  which looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma, preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva,  also known as Tamas –Sattva – Rajas .  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .    Tamas –Rajas or Yin-Yang  or Prakriti  is mediated  by consciousness of Purusha.   It is preserved by Sattva of Dvaita mode. 



Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe



These dual poles Tamas –Rajas are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.

This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Maharishi Kapila said that the universe arose through the union of nature (prakriti) and consciousness (purusha). In chapter 10, verse 26, of Bhagawat Gita Sri Krishna identifies himself with Mahrishi Kapila as the master of Siddhi. . Sankhya unified the two concepts of science and religion by demonstrating its equivalence through axiomatic laws.

The Sankhya system is based on Sat-kārya-vāda or the theory of causation. According to Satkāryavāda, the effect is pre-existent in the cause.

Philosophical texts from this era such as the Katha Upanishad, Shvetashvatara Upanishad and Bhagavad Gita have clear references to Sankhyan terminology and concepts. The Sankhya system is an evolutionary theory of matter beginning with primordial matter.

In evolution, Prakriti is transformed and differentiated into multiplicity of objects. Evolution is followed by dissolution. In dissolution the physical existence, all the worldly objects mingle back into Prakriti, which now remains as the undifferentiated, primordial substance.  

Tantric system borrows the abstract dualism of Sankhya and modifies it into a personified male–female dualism.

As we evolve, the spirit will control the mind and body to determine our thoughts, words and actions. At the apex of evolution, the mind takes its cues from the spirit and the body from the mind. 40 HZ neural Gamma oscillations that result in our human consciousness and our spiritual intelligence have their root in nothing less than 'God'.  



Spirit is the principle of conscious life-- the vital principle in humans, animating the body or mediating between body and soul. There is no matter as such. Matter exists because of an intelligent force which holds the spiralling atoms . Energy when slowed down becomes coalesced matter which our 5 senses pick up. The holographic mind is the matrix of all matter.

All thinking in India continue to be affected by Vedanta which, even though we may not be aware of it, is the very root of our culture and beliefs. The Upanishads, the Vedanta Sutras and the Bhagavad Gita are called the Prasthana Traya, continue to be the three authoritative scriptures of Hinduism.

 


For further reading on Hinduism, punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

ADVAITA VEDANTA SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

PROUD TO BE HINDU, PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL

SANATANA DHARMA THE HINDU WAY OF LIFE  VADAKAYIL

THE VEDAS AND UPANISHADS  5000 BC VADAKAYIL

Below - the picture of the base of a missing Shiva Lingam found during Harappa excavations (concealed by the British ) to prove that Shiva concept did NOT exist in 4000 BC.  They only showed Shiva as Pashupati.




Prakriti functions by borrowing conscioussness from Purusha.
********************************************************************
KALASHA , SYMBOL OF THE COSMIC WOMB – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

PURNA KALASH KUMBHA ,  POT OF FERTILITY IN HINDU PUJA RITUALS,  VISHWARUPAM   - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I enter this home with a kumbha
fill it with ambrosia and anoint
all those who drink of this heavenly water
and protect this home
I enter this house to dwell in it.
Atharva Veda. 3.13.7-9.- 5000 BC




Today is Akshaya Tritiya,  the most auspicious day in Hinduism.

Vedic astrologers consider Askshay Tritiya free from all malefic effects.  

Hence this is the day Hindus kick start new business projects , enter new homes,  and even start new  relationships or re-start failed ones. 

The legend is that any venture initiated on the auspicious day of Akshaya Tritiya continues to grow and bring prosperity.  

Hindus and Jains buy gold coins and jewellery  , as a ritual to attract future abundance on this fertile day.  The gold coins have the goddess of wealth Laxmi or the remover of obstacles Lord Ganesha imprinted on the face of the gold coin.



So today I was a bit irritated to see that a jackass ( sorry jackass for insulting you ) by the name of Sachin Tendulkar is the new god.  You should have seen his stupid grin on TV,  while he inaugurated this gimmick.  I hope he knows that nobody gives a damn for him in IPL6.



Valuemart Gold and Jewels a jeweler has launched one lakh Sachin Tendulkar gold coins, each weighing 10 grams.


Just to say how sacred Hindu rituals which have stood the test of time for 8000 years is now being denigrated.

Fasts are kept on this auspicious day and pujas are performed by Hindus and Jains . My neighbor a Jain shifted to his new home 2 years ago. I saw them entering the house with the Kalasha on the head.

By the way the spire of Tejo Mahalaya -nay- Taj Mahal is a Kalasha , one of the most sacred Hindu symbols. 


Wonder how it landed right on top of a Muslim mausoleum.



Above: Kalasha is also seen as a motif in the interior of Taj Mahal

This post is about the Kalasha. 

Hindus must know what it is. This is our culture. This is who we are.


After Samudra Manthan the god of Ayurveda Dhanwantari appeared with a kalasha filled with amrit (ambrosia).


References to the Kalasha is found in the Rigveda written in 5000 BC.  A Vaasthu ritual is burying a kalash under the foundations of new house before construction..

A kalasha is a copper pot with a narrow mouth as shown in the picture right on top. It is filled with lining water ( Ganges river ).  You are not allowed to fill chlorinated chemical laden water. The side of the pot is marked with Swastika sign using turmeric. 



A whole un-husked betel nut is placed in the water.  If the pot is made of clay, then a copper coin is also put.



An arrangement of 5 mango leaves is placed so that the bottom of the leaves point upwards. 




Red vermillion ( sindhoor ) dots are put on the mango leaves.



A un-husked coconut on top with the 3 eyes facing above holding the mango leaves in place.  




A red-yellow sanctified thread called  kalawa or mauli is tied around its neck of the pot. The thread represents the universal love that "binds" all in creation.

Now let me explain the parts -

The right handed swastika symbol originated in India in 9000 BC and is the symbol of the Saraswati river vedic civilization, the oldest in the world.  

Before 7000 BC , India ruled the whole world.  

Swastika is a Sanskrit word. SU means "good" ASTI means " to be.  This symbol wards off evil. It represents the cosmic spinning vortex. 

Hitler getting influenced by Alfred Rosenberg adopted the Swastika ( right handed Hindi Aryan symbol ) for his Nazi party. So today most of the ignorant west considers this holy symbol as a symbol to be hated, just because Hitler used it.  



Blue eyed and blonde Aryans never invaded India to write our Vedas.   Rather there was an exodus of Indian Aryans after the Saraswati river dried up in 4000 BC, and these are the people who built the Stonehenge in England ..

Lord Shiva's son Ganesha has the Swastika on his palm. 



So is there anybody out there still arguing that it was the Greeks who had it on their helmets first-- or the blonde haired and blue eyed Boris Becker types had it?  

When Indians wrote the amazing Vedas in 5000 BC in Sanskrit, the whole world was doing grunt grunt for language , living in damp caves,  clubbing animals for food and wearing animal skins to cover their family jewels..

Betel nut has the capability to reduce copper ions to copper nano particles and secondarily give a pleasant aroma to the water.  The betel nut ( areca nut ) is male and the mango leaf is female.

In South India, betel leaf and betel nut is a must for giving Dakshina to Guru and elders.  Hindus keep betel nut inside the vault where money,  gold and property documents are stored.

Nanocopper particles are non-toxic.  It is an algaecide, fungicide, anti-microbial and antiseptic . It helps form red blood cells and boosts the immune system. All this was known to Indians 6000 years ago.

Punch into Google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL




This cleaning of copper pot with tamarind causes copper colloids to leach into the water overnight.  Algae, viruses , E coli and many other pathogens are killed.  This anti-oxidant water takes care of free radicals and hence is anti-inflammatory.  

Of course another use was to use this water laden lota is for resonant quantum coupling .


'At each and every gate there were burning lamps and big waterpots decorated with differently colored cloth, strings of pearls, flower garlands and hanging mango leaves.' (Srimad Bhagavatam 4.9.55)



Leaves of mango are used for the control of evil spirits. Mango leaves in bunches absorb the negative energy from anyone entering your home.  This is why mango leaves are hung by a string at the entrance to Hindu homes. 


Mango leaf is a symbol of fertility and are traditionally associated with the deity of love, Kama Deva.

I have eleven different variety of mango trees around my home.  Mango leaves hold a lot of water and has a cooling effect.  Mango leaves have anti-oxidant, antibacterial and anti-microbial property.


Now about  sindoor  or kum kum dots put on the mango leaves . The main component of traditional sindoor is  vermilion.  In Hindu weddings there is a Haldi-Kumkum ritual.  Haldi means turmeric. 

The first sindoor is applied to the woman’s hairline on the forehead by her husband on the day of her wedding and is called as Sindoor Dana ceremony. 



Female figurines excavated at Mehrgarh, Baluchistan 7000 BC , show that sindoor was applied to the partition of women's hair even in early Harappan times.   

Sindoor is prepared by mixing turmeric-lime and the metal mercury.   Due to its intrinsic quantum properties it activates sexual drive.  This is the reason why the mango leaf with vermillion dots are representative of fertility.  

In India Hindu widows wear white and are NOT allowed to put sindoor.  The wiping off of the sindoor is a very significant and poignant moment for a widow and must not be done knee jerk based on scanty information.  


Army widows face this problem till they see the dead cadaver , and by that time the face will be hideous , affecting her future memories of her beloved partner..

Sindoor is extends till the top of the barhmarandhra (pituitary gland) .  Sulphur in Sindoor neutralizes the toxicity of mercury.  The free spirited girl suddenly now gets transformed into a responsible wife and a level headed daughter-in-law . 



Nowadays traditionally, the red Sindoor is made safer ( toxicity of mercury ) and is made at home from turmeric and alum. The turmeric powder, which becomes red when mixed with lime juice or lime powder, moistened in water, or with alum.  It can also be made of sandalwood mixed with musk, or from a mixture of saffron ground with kusumbha flower.

Bindi dot between the eyebrows , is a way of accentuating the third eye. Taste and smell are governed by the RED vibration. It excites joy, passion , dynamism and enthusiasm.  Red is the color with the longest wavelength, being the nearest visible light to infrared in the electromagnetic spectrum.  It is the colour of the sari of Goddess of prosperity Laxmi.

The kalash represents the womb of the Mother Goddess,  which is believed to nurture life.

Now about coconut-

Coconut of sriphala (the fruit of God), is the only fruit used to symbolize ‘God’ while worshipping any deity or doing a Hindu puja.  As per legend Sage Vishwamitra got the first coconut tree grown on this earth by the power of his tapasya.  Coconut has divine and quantum properties.

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas.  It is form of bloodless sacrifice.  In Vedic Hindusim there is NO animal sacrifice.  The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma and it contains lauric acid found in mother’s milk.  


Blood is an electrolyte.  In World War 2 , tender coconut water was used by Americans to provide plasma drip to dehydrated soldiers who had lost lot of blood .  



There are three eyes on top of the coconut shell. In the kalasha these three eyes face upwards.  Only piercing the middle one will allow you to access the water inside.  This is symbolic of the third eye of Lord Shiva.



Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.  We literally resonate the Cosmos. So when we break a coconut for a ritual , in lieu of the blood sacrifice , we do it with intention.  

The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.  Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.

Like I said , before breaking the coconut we must have an intention ( Example:  deliver me from evil  OR my daughter must get a good husband ) . 

You must be totally in the moment with NIL ego, to have the Alpha brain wave .  This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix,  this energy is transferred to our DNA. .  Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD ( akasha ) , a vast unharnessed energy source .  

Each individual mind has access to the universal mind.  The moment you break the coconut scalar waves from your DNA , race out through  the fabric of space time cosmos, like a tsunami ( soliton wave ) to do its own miracle.  



This is NOT Hindu mysticism , this is quantum science. Vedas had the last laugh after quantum scientists understood these concepts.  




And Indians know what a tsunami is , right?

People who have NOT seen a tsunami, check out the video below.




Now about turmeric paste used to draw the Swastika.

Turmeric is nature's most powerful healer and is a medicine without side effects.  Curcumin - the active component of turmeric, is anti-oxidant , anti-inflammatory and anti-carcinogenic.  Indians  have one of the lowest rates of Alzheimer’s disease in the world due to the presence of turmeric in every kitchen.  



In Indian traditional wedding ceremonies, turmeric is applied to both, the groom and the bride, not only to make them look good with fresh glowing skins , but to reduce their BO by destroying bacteria on their wedding night.  



BO and MO ( bad body/ mouth odor ) on the most beautiful woman on the planet , can destroy any male boner el pronto , right?



Now let me talk of "living water" which is filled in the kalasha.

Water is the very source of all life.  Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. Human vibrational energy, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water.  Even a small amount of water has enough cluster structures available to absorb whole libraries of information.  

Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments when it travels through various water cycles.



Water responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more sensitive medium for reception . It is also known that water receives cosmic radiation as extreme low frequencies everywhere, even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began.  

The moon, the sun and even the stars communicate with water, and our earth itself is retuning its resonances constantly to this influx.  Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing and transmitting information.  Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds, chemicals and even human emotions.  


Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes.  The memory is stored in clusters of H20 molecules that are formed when several molecules join together.  Ganges water has been kept in copper pots at the Shiva temple at Rameshwaram and has NOT developed algae and bacteria for centuries.  

The human body is very much like a sponge and is composed of more than 100 trillion chambers called cells that hold water . All our  cells are water cooled . Water not only has the ability to visually reflect the environment but it also molecularly reflects the environment.  Liquid water absorbs radiation of all wavelengths,  except a narrow window in the visible ( photochemical ) waveband.  


Water, sanctified by chanting mantras or by bathing an idol is known as theertham.If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.


I will NOT make this post too complicated. Just to show that a kalasha has deep meaning.  It is a literal transducer.  The Maharishis who carried copper lotas with Ganges water were NOT fools.  They literally resonated the cosmos .



Punrnah kumbho adhi kala aihatsla vai pashyamo bahudha nu santam-  Atharva Veda XIX. 53.3.-- 5000 BC

If the kalasha is an expression of time it is also a repository of space,  for the kalasha is the womb
and within its security and safety and nourishing space security things grow and arise.

The kalasha as a living visual metaphor  goes beyond rational language and expressions.  

It defines purnatatva or fullness and is an eloquent reminder that only from fullness can fullness arise.

purnam adha prunam idam
purnat purnam udachaye
purnasya puram adaya
purnam eva avsishyate. :-Upanishad 5000 BC




Something about copper lota ( bowl ) and resonant coupling .

Everything in this cosmos vibrates. Sound is a vehicle for the expression of vibration.

Modern scientists pooh poohed Indian OM mantra ( 7.83 hertz and its resonant frequencies ) till they discovered ultrasound , which could pulverize kidney stones and shrink tumours. Later they found that  infrasound and audible sound too have amazing healing properties.  Ultrasound is above 18 kilohertz.  Infrasound is below 20 hertz. Human beings audible range is between 20 hertz to 20000 hertz.
Resonance is the principle of sound healing .



All cells emit sound as a consequence of their metabolic processes.  The resonance principle relates to the cellular absorption of the healing sounds and/or their harmonics.  In sound healing, resonance principles are employed to re-harmonize cells.  Such troublesome imprints may have been a result of toxic substances, emotional traumas , pathogens, or even stress.

All electromagnetism is created as a direct result of sound collisions. Sound is always the precursor to electromagnetism. All sounds have structure and form when manifest on membranes, including the surface membranes of cells. Modern cymatics has proved this beyond doubt.

Intention must be coupled with sound for the miraculous healing—if you understand what happens it is quantum science and not a miracle..  Intention consists of using your focused thoughts, feelings and visualizations to attract whatever is desired, such as enhancing one’s health.  Longitudinal sound wave is a carrier wave of consciousness.  The power of intention involves consciously drawing on the universal field of energy.

The mind holds immense healing and creative powers and will continue to work on your behalf as long as you maintain your conscious focus of intention.
********************************************************************
QUANTUM LEVITATION – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

QUANTUM FLUX PINNING ,  BEYOND MEISSNER EFFECT-   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL  



Above: Quantum flux tube pinning.

First of all punch into google search ANTIGRAVITY AND SOLITONS VADAKAYIL

and check out a BBC video ( 2nd from bottom )  named “ANTIGRAVITY” explained by Dr. Michio Kaku,  an American theoretical physicist, in the City College of New York.

He called the effect anti-gravity levitation caused by electromagnetism counter acting gravity’s﻿ force.  I guess he should have called it QUANTUM LOCKING .  

You cannot get basic science principles wrong.



My readers would be sick and tired of the word QUANTUM, which is termed pseudo science by classical physicists of the Isaac Newton genre.  Even nano technology has missed them by miles. 




Some of the most promising potential of nanotechnology exists due to the laws of quantum physics. Quantum physics laws take over at this scale, enabling novel applications in optics, electronics, magnetic storage, computing, catalysts, and other areas. 

At the nanoscale, the physical, chemical, and biological properties of materials differ in fundamental and valuable ways from the properties of individual atoms and molecules or bulk matter

Exactly the same way the children of this planet still study Charles Darwin’s nonsense in their school science books,  despite DNA being known to even street urchins of the third world.   They all know how Bill Clinton of Monica Lewinsky fame got screwed.

Check out the wonders of the quantum world, in the video below.




Superconductivity is a quantum mechanical phenomenon . Superconductors are basically metals and alloys that can conduct electricity without any resistance.  

In a normal conductor, an electric current may be visualized as a fluid of electrons moving across a heavy ionic lattice.  The electrons are constantly colliding with the ions in the lattice, and during each collision some of the energy carried by the current is absorbed by the lattice and converted into heat, which is essentially the vibrational kinetic energy of the lattice ions.  As a result, the energy carried by the current is constantly being dissipated. This is the phenomenon of electrical resistance.

The electrical resistivity of a metallic conductor decreases gradually as temperature is lowered. 

In ordinary conductors, such as copper or silver, this decrease is limited by impurities and other defects. Even near absolute zero, a real sample of a normal conductor shows some resistance.

In a superconductor, however the resistance drops abruptly to zero when the material is cooled below its critical temperature.  An electric current flowing through a loop of superconducting wire can persist indefinitely with no power source.  Superconductors never loss any of the electricity that passes through them. So no magnetic lines can pass through them.

Superconductivity and magnetic fields are like oil and water… they don’t mix. When it can, the superconductor will push out any magnetic fields from the interior in a process called the Meissner effect.



Above: Meissner effect.

Here a crystal sapphire wafer is coated  with a thin ceramic substance known as yttrium barium copper oxide. When this substance is cooled below -301 degrees F using liquid nitrogen, the material transforms into a superconductor.

Quantum physics tells us that the magnetic field penetrates into the superconductor ( due to its thinness ) in the form of discrete flux tubes. These sites of penetration are known as flux tubes.

The superconductor strongly pins these tubes, causing  it to float in midair. This effect is called ‘quantum levitation". . The flux tubes cause the magnetic field to be "locked" in all three dimensions, which is why the disk remains in whatever position it starts in, levitating around the magnets

On a simple 3-inch diameter, 1-micrometer thick disk, next to a magnetic field of 350 Oe, there are approximately 100 billion flux tubes that hold 70,000 times the superconductor's weight.

At low temperatures the flux tubes are pinned in place and cannot move. This pinning is what holds the superconductor in place thereby allowing it to levitate.

Since the superconductor is pinned above the magnet away from any surfaces, there is the potential for a frictionless joint.





Quantum mechanics makes perfect sense mathematically,  but defies your intuition and your 5 senses at every turn.





We stood outside the gates of the quantum world with the advent of transistors.  Transistors act both as an amplifier and a switch for electronic signals, functions essential to virtually all modern electronic equipment, and without quantum mechanics, they wouldn't exist. 





Semiconductors are materials that can act as either a conductor or an insulator.  




We got rid of the monstrous and unreliable vacuum valve tubes, right?

The day , a computer belly laughs at a joke you tell OR can tell the moral of a story you narrate ( unity is strength ) or the day communications are instant (  faster than light, by quantum tunnelling ) we can say we have really gate crashed for sure into the quantum world.





The teacher belly laughed while correcting a 3rd standard child’s exam paper, who was pretty street smart.

Question -” In which all states does the Ganges river flow?”
Answer- “ Only in the liquid state”

Question- “How can you share 8 mangoes among 6 people?”
Answer- ” By making mango shake”

Question-“ When was Mahatma Gandhi born?”
Answer- “ On his birthday”

Question – “ What is the national flower of India?”
Answer- “ I don’t know”




With Quantum physics you can jump over energy systems , say kinetic energy into chemical energy in a single step, which classical physics will NOT understand..

With Neutrino communication , subatomic particles can easily pass through 1000 light-years of solid lead without being affected.  Today you lose a mobile signal while in a lift , right?  Neutrinos rarely collide with other particles, generally passing straight through the atoms that make up matter.




The Indian Maharishis did this by using scalar waves from their 12 strand DNA.
********************************************************************
AKSHAYA TRITIYA , PARASHURAMA JAYANTI, AUSPICIOUS DAY FOR HINDUS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

AKSHAYA TRITIYA ,  DAY FOR NEW RESOLUTIONS  SPRING CLEANING  AND CHARITY ,  GOLD MARKETING IN INDIA ,  LORD KRISHNA AND KUCHELA OR SUDAMA -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 



In my previous post about Kalasha , I had talked about how Sachin Tendulkar was converted to god, and marketed  with his face on one hundred thousand gold coins  , which must by Hindu tradition have Goddess Laxmi or Lord Ganapati on it,  as these coins are part of the puja items on Akshaya Tritiya day. .

For a Hindu Akshaya Tritiya is the most auspicious day in the year.

Yes, pseudo secularists , cultivated by a waitress turned empress can cry “so what” if Sachin Tendulkar is part of the puja room , and jump up and down like drooling orangutans.

If they have the guts make small Sachin Tendulkar idols for Eid day and have it installed in Indian mosques and dargas . See what happens.

Hindusim has survived all such onslaughts during 800 years of slavery, first under the invading Muslims and then under the invading white christian man.

Hinduism , instead of dying out is now picking up steam, all over the planet .   Already 56% of our ex-rulers, in England prefer to be cremated.

Something has touched their souls.

Below video: Check out the faces of these people, you dont need to be a body language expert.



The key Hindu concept of DHARMA , the right way by human conscience , the sanctioned way by universal laws , which all men must follow, according to their natures - is truly an elastic concept.   At its noblest it combines self-fulfillment and truth to the self with the ideas of action as duty, action as its own spiritual reward, man as a holy vessel ( kalasha ).

Hinduism is the oldest religion of this world and is all about tolerance , total liberty and freedom to carve one's own path to divine.  

It has no concept of apostasy or blasphemy or even conversion!   

But without any push towards conversion it is winning hearts and minds of people all over the world by it's teaching, love and philosophy alone.  Is this not wonderful?

This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line. This is the only religion which by which you cannot be  branded as a heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic.

India is the only place on this planet where Jews have never been persecuted. Openness is the essence of Hinduism.

The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. The ancient noble Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. You can chose your own deity. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.

15% of the people on this planet are Hindu.  This percentage is increasing not by immoral sops given my missionaries or by fear of sword..



Above: Can a soccer World Cup match attract more than 1.5 lakh people ( 150, 000 ) in Buenos Aires , a 100% Christian bastion .  This is NOT a fake show like a Benny Hinn's extravaganza where millions are spent to get people to the spot..




Above video:  Can you feel the joy of a street side Hindu reggae concert in Bogota? ( Ohh- Hiraanyaakaassipooo !! )





Above :  Lord Vishnu's 4th avatar Narasimha slaying demon Hiranyakashipu.


Lord Vishnu assumed his 6th avatar as Lord Parashurama on the day of Akshaya Tritiya.

Lord Krishna’s gurukul class mate and childhood friend Sudama ( Kuchela ) visited him on this day 6000 years ago.   Krishna was King and Kuchela was a poor Brahmin..



The legend goes as follows.

Krishna’s best friend in his childhood days was Kuchela.  Socially, Kuchela was a very poor Brahmin while Krishna was a royal prince.  They attended the same gurukula (school) as boys and went their own ways in life.


Later on Krishna became the king of Dwaraka while Kuchela remained a poor Brahmin who married and had several children.  They were in such great poverty with hardly any food to feed the children.  One day Kuchela’s wife suggested that he seek the help of Krishna, his true friend, on the good day of Parashurama Jayanti..  

Kuchela was reluctant because he feared that Krishna might not see him because he was poor and secondly, he did not have anything to offer as a gift.   His wife knowing that Krishna loved Avil ( poha ) , prepared a fist or two full of the beaten rice which Kuchela carried in his tattered upper cloth.
  


On reaching Dwaraka,  Kuchela very anxiously approached Krishna’s Palace.  Krishna seeing Kuchela rushed to hug and welcome his friend.  At the palace Krishna paused all his official duties and gave Kuchela all his time with abundant love.

Kuchela did not mention the real reason for his visit.  But, soon Krishna enquired about his friend's family and their well-being and asked what his sister-in-law (Kuchela’s wife) had specially sent for him. Kuchela offered the Avil to Krishna who took a fistful of it and ate with profound joy.  Rukmini Devi, Krishna’s wife stopped him from taking the second fist as she wanted her share of the Avil .



Kuchela with a heavy heart left Dwaraka as Krishna had not offered him anything despite seeing his pathetic condition.  And he did NOT want to ask , as he was treated like a god and totally overwhelmed by the warmth of their meeting  –in the tradition of Athithi devo bavaha.

He was so troubled and sad with the thoughts of his hungry children and anxious wife who were waiting for some help from Krishna.  He was so immersed with these sad thoughts that he walked past his own hut.  

His wife noticed that her husband had wended his weary way past the hut, called out to him and explained to him, the kindness of Krishna and how their old hut became a beautiful palace . Kuchela was surprised to see his wife and children in royal attire.



Kuchela realized that he would have never asked Krishna for so much .



Above: Hare Krishna concert by Turkish rock star , Erkin Koray, the man with the golden voice.

i dreamed yesterday night,
i hope it predict something good
it was in a garden with flowers
it was so beautiful
you gave me your hand
you observed if﻿ i would take your hand
you have to be sure, that i dont forgot
all of your words
hare krishna hare krishna.........

‘yah pashyati tRutIyAyAm krishNam chandanbhUshitam |
 vaishAkhasya site pakshE sa yatyachyutamandiram ||

 “One viewing an icon of the Lord adorned with sandalwood paste on the third day in the bright half of VaishAka attains the abode of Lord Achyuta ( Vishnu ) ” ( Puranas- 5000 BC ).

As per Hindus, this day of Akshaya Tritiya is ruled by god Vishnu, the preserver-god in the Hindu Trinity.
Akshaya Tritiya, also known as Akha Teej is a Hindu and Jain holy day, that falls on the third day of the waxing phase of the moon of  Vaishakha ( April- May ).   As per astrology Moon, Sun and Jupiter comes collectively under the Mrigshira Nakshtra. This year, the festival fell on May 13th, 2013.

Its position is described in the Surya Siddhanta  written by Maya Danava, an Asura .  The first two charana /pada (quarters) of this nakshatra are part of Vrushabha rashi  or Taurus. The latter half of this star belong to Mithuna rashi or Gemini ( from 23°20’ Taurus to 6°40’ Gemini ).

Maya Danava’s  beautiful daughter Mandodari ( adopted --she was an Apsara ) married King Ravana of Sri Lanka.  Lord Rama had defeated Ravana in 4300 BC as per the Ramayana.



The average length of the tropical year is given as 365.2421756 days in Surya Siddhanta, which is only 1.4 seconds shorter than the modern value of 365.2421904 days, of the atomic clock age. It contains accurately, the diameter of the Earth, its circumference, eclipses, the number of days in a week, a month and a year. It gives the diameter of planets, and modern Trigonometry ( Sin/ Cos/ Tan/ Secant ) and Spherical trigonometry.

As per Hindu Astrology three lunar days, Yugadi, Akshaya Tritiya and Vijay Dashami don’t need any Muhurta to start or perform any auspicious work as these three days are free from all malefic effects.
On this day  the ancient Maharishis did Agnihotra homam for cosmic consciousness.

The meaning of the word Akshaya is infinite that which never recede. Akshaya Patra is a divine pot mentioned in Mahabharata of 4000 BC.  It was a wonderful vessel given to Yudhishthira ( on the day of AKSHAYA TRITIYA ) by the Lord Surya, which held a never-failing supply of food for the Pandavas in exile every day.

Departed souls are also remembered with gratitude on this day.  Pujas are done to appease Lord Vishnu and Lakshmi to bring in prosperity all year round.

This is the day Hindus give maximum charity.  They do spring cleaning in their houses and donate to the poor whatever daily use items are superfluous and not needed for the next 3 years. People fast and do pujas.

Punch into google search ARE YOU MENTALLY SICK VADAKAYIL

It is a good day to forgive and forget the past and renew relationships with friends and relatives. It is also the best day  to resolve to give up bad habits, and adopt good habits.  This is now aped by the West on 1st January.

Any good undertaking started on this day will be of a lasting and permanent nature.  All over India people celebrate weddings,  plan new business ventures, begin house construction,  start new financial audit books,  undertake pilgrimages and long journeys . 



Akshay Tritiiya is a holy day in Jain calendar as well. People who observe the year-long alternative day fasting finish their Tapasya this day.  Hindus wear new clothes and  plant banyan and pipal trees on Akshaya Tritiya.

This is a day for recitations (Japa), penance (Tapa), donations (Dana) ritual holy river bathing (Snaana), bloodless sacrifices (Havan), burnt oblations to fire (Hooma).


Hindus buy gold coins for doing puja and as an investment.  Gold, bought on this day, will never diminish and would continue to grow or appreciate.  So gold sales on Akshaya Tritiya day usually increase six times compared to normal days.

Gold, in India, is much more than just a precious metal .  Akshay Tritiya is also an occasion for weddings, and an Indian wedding involves gold.   All Indian jewelry stores stock in new jewelry models for this occasion with "Lakshmi-inscribed" gold coins.  Lakshmi is the wife of Lord Vishnu and is the goddess of wealth.


In 2013, the jewelry stores wanted people to buy gold before the prices fell further ( the lowest in 15 months) and the value of the inventory stocks fell and drove them into losses.  There was a mad scramble to give discounts and incentives to woo customers.  Buy  a Sachin Tendulkar coin and get for free a gift hamper, with ladies watch,  key chain with a pen thrown in for good measure.


India as the “heart of the gold market”.  In 2010 it bought almost 500 metric tons of the stuff, more than 55% of the world demand.  Indians alone that support the high price of gold in the world. Take away India's demand, and world gold prices will nose dive.  



India has about 22000 tonnes of gold in private houses.  Some say this figure can be as high as 35000 tonnes.  It is estimated that 31 tonnes of gold was sold on Akshaya Tritiya day in 2013.

This is despite Rothschild stealing Tipu Sultan’s gold. Even the poorest families have gold jewelry.

Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

Rothschild is now one of the 5 members of London Bullion Market Association, replacing Barclay’s capital.  The sudden drop in gold prices is due to forced selling. The steep rise in prices of gold was also forced. Rothschild controls the pricing.

Forced lowering prices will cause Indian Jeweller shops to sell it before it goes too low.  Sharply falling rates of gold lower the value of ornament inventories.  India, is the world's biggest buyer of gold bullion. Government has recently introduced a 50% import tax that has triggered a fall in gold brought into India. 



No more gold is being produced –currency can be made out of thin air, as is done by the US federal reserve.

In 1991, when India had to pledge 67 tons of Gold to Rothschild controlled Bank of England and Union Bank of Switzerland to raise some $600 million to supplement a poor Foreign Exchange Reserve. Rothschild used this opportunity to plant Manmohan Singh , (who worked for Rothschild) on the Finance minister’s chair—via back door Assam quota.  

Manmohan Singh was the secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.
IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Paaji was made Finance Minister. 

And later Italian Queen Bee would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Paaji as PM-- going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy.  Rothschild controls the IMF and World Bank.

With the India National Congress (INC) returning to power in June1991, internation wheeler and dealer Chandraswami devotee , P.V.Narasimha Rao took over as prime minister in the vacancy caused in INC by the sudden violent death of Rajiv Gandhi by LTTE human bomb. 

PV Narasimha Rao leaned from Soviet camp towards the Western camp.  It was the time when dismantling of Soviet block was in its final stage. 

OOOPS! I had to go into politics from religion.

But then that is the way the cookie crumbled.
********************************************************************
VISHNU FIRST MATSYA AVATAR , DOLPHINS AND 7.83 HERTZ FREQUENCY OF HINDU KING MANTRA OM – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CONSCIOUS  AND INTELLIGENT DOLPHINS ,  7.83 HERTZ EARTH'S HEARTBEAT , WHY SAILORS REVERE DOLPHINS ,  WHY DOLPHINS ARE NOT EATEN BY HUMANS ,   IMMORAL CRUELTY OF JAPANESE TOWARDS DOLPHINS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 


Hindus believe that whenever evil prevails over good, Lord  Vishnu comes down to earth in some mortal form to preserve save Dharma ( righteousness)  .  He assumes different avatars and acts in a way that good prevails over evil.  







yada yada hi dharmasya,
glanir bhavati bharata,
abhyutthanam﻿ adharmasya,
tadatmanam sjamyaham,
Paritranam sadhu nam,
Vinashayah dushkrita,
Dharmasansthapana thaya,
Sabhavami yuge yuge..



Lord Vishnu’s first avatar on earth was the Matsya ( dolphin ) avatar .

Before 7000 BC, India ruled the whole world . The West calls Sanatana Dharama ( Hindusim ) as pagan.  Yet they have copied everything from it, as Hinduism is 11000 years old.

This is the reason why the whole world does NOT eat dolphins or harm them — as the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  

It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test.



Only the stupid Japs eat and harm dolphins.  Their cruelty to these "best friends of human beings" has to be seen to be believed.

Before driving the animals into the shallows of a chosen cove, they erect elaborate scaffolding on surrounding cliffs and hang tarpaulins to shield their activities.  Animal welfare groups estimate that around 900 dolphins were killed at Taiji during the eight-month season.







Each year from September to May over 20,000 dolphins are slaughtered in Japan. Fishermen round them up by the hundreds using sound barriers to disorient and herd the frantic pods out of their normal migrations into hidden lagoons.

Bottlenose dolphins, especially ones that look like Flipper, are pre-selected by trainers and sold off for upwards of $200,000 to marine mammal parks around the world, where they will remain in captivity performing as circus acts.

After the trainers and spectators have left, the rest of the dolphins are inhumanely killed in what can only be described as a gruesome massacre-- as dolphins have feelings .



Dolphins have larger brains that are larger than ours.  Humans only come out on top when you correct for differences in body weight. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans have shown that dolphin brains -- in relation to their body size -- are about four to five times larger than any other animal of similar size.

Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware.  Dolphins are especially vulnerable to suffering and trauma and they can die of heart attack.  Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.









Let me narrate tha Bhavata Purana.  One day Lord Brahma ( creator ) approached Lord Vishnu ( preserver ) , and said that he had foreseen a disaster that would occur and was worried of the safety of the Vedas , which would be stolen.  

Vedas which contained the blue prints and DNA codings of all life.  Vishnu assured Brahma that he would take care of it.

One day when Brahma was in a deep sleep, a demon named Hayagriva stole them.  Hayagriva swallowed the four Vedas, and hid deep inside the ocean.  Without the knowledge of the Vedas all forms of life would die .

Lord Vishnu incarnated as Matsya to the world before its destruction.

There was a pious sage called Satyavrata who was a great devotee of Lord Vishnu.  Satyavrata was in the river at sunrise to take a bath, before he could do his meditaion and prayers.  


While he was doing surya pranam standing in water at waist level,  with his cupped hands full of water , a tiny fish jumped and landed in his palms.

Satyavrata put the fish back into the water and to scooped water again with his cupped hands and started praing again.

Again he noticed that the same tiny fish jumped and was back in his palms.   He did so several times with the same result.   The tiny fish had a mind of its own.

ONLY FISH WITH HORIZONTAL TAIL CAN JUMP OUT OF WATER.




Satyavrata knew that this was a divine signal and took the fish back home in a leaf filled with water.  When he reached home, Satyavrata showed his wife Neha the small little fish and asked her to get a small bowl and the fish started swimming in it.  However within  2 days the fish grew too big for the bowl.  

So they shifted the fish to a larger bowl.  Again within 2 days the fish outgrew the bowl . This continued till they had to put the fish in a pond,  and then back into the same river.  

They saw the fish swimming away to the sea.  Satyavrata prayed to Lord Vishnu.  The fish came back and  revealed itself as a gigantic form of lord Vishnu.  

The Matsya ( dolphin ) went on a search and retrieve mission. 

After the demon Hayagriva was located hiding in the dark depths ,  Vishnu retrieved the Vedas and then killed him. There was so much churning of the waters that there was a deluge. Vishnu then restored the four Vedas to Brahma. 

THIS EVENT HAPPENED IN ANTIQUITY.



Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

Getting back-


Dolphins use not only their eye-sight,  but also echo-location (similar to sonar) to avoid obstacles and find prey.  Dolphins have been observed to teach their young to use tools.  They also have been observed to display a variety of cultural characteristics such as holding a type of funeral ceremony for their dead.

Dolphins have no sense of smell due to lacking any olfactory nerve and lobes.  They use their sense of taste much like we use our sense of smell though.  Dolphins will often taste the water around them for this purpose. Dolphins possess complex cognitive and creative abilities. Dolphins  display culture, something long believed to be unique to humans.

Dolphin copulation happens belly to belly; though many species engage in lengthy foreplay, the actual intercourse act is usually brief.

The family Delphinidae is the largest in the Cetacean order, and evolved relatively recently, about ten million years ago, during the Miocene. Dolphins are friendly with a permanent  "smile" of their mouth line. They are indeed very playful.  Dolphins communicate with whistle-like sounds produced by vibrating connective tissue, similar to the way human vocal cords function. 

Dolphins occasionally leap above the water surface, and sometimes perform acrobatic figures, as their tails are horizontal.  

Captive dolphins have been observed in aquariums engaging in complex play behavior which involves the creation and manipulation of bubble rings.



nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC





Indeed the dolphin has always has a special relationship with humans , and has always protected humans in danger, which can be very astonishing. They can feel your brain waves and DNA vibes.




The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.

Dolphins are well known to emit whistles, echolocation, and burst-pulses.  Whistles are tonal signals, audible to humans, which have a social function. Echolocation consists of short, high intensity pulses produced in rapid succession in “click trains,” and it is used for social purposes, navigation and to capture prey.




The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) . . OM frequency is the “tuning fork” of the planet,and it generates natural healing properties when living things are entrained to its rhythm.  




Entrainment occurs when two objects are synchronized by a common vibration.  When two or more objects resonate together, they are in tune.  Being in tune with the OM or Schumann Resonance frequency of 7.83 hertz is to be in touch with the fundamental flow of one’s being.  

Human EEG recordings with natural electromagnetic fields in the environment have shown that 7.83 hertz is the frequency of alpha rhythms —the brain frequency of the relaxed and creative mind.  The dominant brain wave rhythm of all mammals in alpha or resting state is 7.83 Hz .  

In one experiment, student volunteers lived for four weeks in a hermetically sealed environment that screened out magnetic fields, specifically the 7.83 Hz frequency. These students started suffering emotional distress and migraine headaches which were immediately cleared after a brief exposure to 7.83 Hz. 

This is why astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM .  


As per the Vedas OM is the sound of light or the photon. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.  The spiritual efficacy of Om is heard, not by the ears but by the heart . OM surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality.  

The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz.  The rest is inaudible.  This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear.  These cosmic sounds were heard by rishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums. However our brain can register the vibrations. 

Diviners use OM resonance to find water in arid areas.  Vedic rishis arrived at this tone of 7.83 Hz more than 11000 years ago, (which we can calculate mathematically) , simply through intuition and meditation while identifying themselves with Cosmic resonance.  Vedic civilisation flourished on the banks of the river saraswati from 9500 BC to 4000 BC. 


From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide. 

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.



Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz



A “tuned system” occurs when a transmitter is accepted by a receiver. When one oscillator resonates with another, energy information is transferred and the participants become part of a field. During deep meditation, when alpha and theta waves are stimulated, resonance is created between the human mind and the planet earth. This synchrony not only generates a rise in consciousness energy, it consolidates the benefits of improved health.

Dolphin echolation can transmit resonant frequencies that stimulate healing changes in human cells, tissue and structure. Studies show that neurotransmitter production is dramatically affected by dolphin contact. Swimming with dolphins can help clear and center the human energy field. Artificial man-made EMF radiation, wireless technology, especially microwaves pulsed at frequencies close to the Schumann 

Resonance are all emerging threats to man’s connection with the natural vibrations of life.  Production and uptake of the brain’s neurotransmitters are strengthened by dolphin contact. After swimming, touching, playing or diving with dolphins, a participant’s dominant brainwave frequency slows significantly from a beta frequency (the state of ordinary consciousness) to something resembling an alpha state, the brainwave frequency of light meditation or dreaming.  


The brain hemispheres synchronize, so that the brainwaves emitted from both the left and right hemispheres are in phase (peaking and troughing at the same time) and of similar frequency (speed). Dolphins produce low-frequency electromagnetic and scalar (or standing) healing waves.


The Japs are doomed ,if they continue killing dolphins.  They has NO idea how they are infringing universal laws. I cannot believe that this race once worshipped Lord Ganesha , till Buddhism weaned them away.

Entrainment is  an aspect of resonance. Resonance may be defined as the frequency at which an object most naturally wants to vibrate.  One object may set another object into motion if it shares the same resonant frequency. 


If, for example, you strike a tuning fork of 100 cycles per second and bring it near another tuning fork of that same frequency, the second tuning fork will be set in motion.  Even though it has not been struck, the second fork will begin to vibrate and sound merely by being in the same field as the vibrating tuning fork. 

With entrainment you are changing the natural oscillatory patterns of one object and replacing them with the different oscillatory patterns of another object. You are actively changing the vibrations (the frequency or rhythm) of one object to another rate. 



The oscillators of television sets, radio receivers and other similar equipment lock on to each other and entrain. With television sets, when you turn the knobs you are adjusting the frequency of your set's oscillators to match the frequency of the station's oscillators. When the frequencies come close to one another, they suddenly lock, as if they "want" to pulse together. Usually, the fastest oscillator will force the slower ones to operate at its pace. 



Living things are like television sets in that they also oscillate; they pulse, they vibrate, they have rhythm. Our heart rate, respiration and brain waves all entrain to each other. Slow down your breath, for example, and you slow down your heartbeat and your brain waves. Conversely, if you are able to slow down your brain waves, you can affect your heart rate and respiration. This is one of the principles of biofeedback.

These rhythms of life allow for entrainment. Entrainment was known to the ancient Indian Maharishis . Through sonic entrainment technology it is possible almost instantly to induce states of deep meditation.  7.83hz frequency is the resonant frequency of the human body too.

Neuromapping by electroencephalography (EEG) instrument can be used used to study the neurological effects on the human brain of close contact with dolphins. Production and uptake of the brain’s neurotransmitters are strengthened by dolphin contact.   

The dolphins being conscious creatures and friendly to humans know how to lower of raise their frequencies. Dolphins induces both Alpha brain state and hemispheric synchronization in the brain . Dolphins utilize a vibrato effect in order to create 7.83 hertz frequency. 



Dolphins have always been attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research. They can even sence the frequency of the child in a pregnant mother’s womb as shown in the video above.   

To prevent drowning while sleeping only half of the dolphin’s brain goes to sleep while the other half remains awake so they can continue to breathe!



Who ever can establish that dolphin contact is useful for mentally challenged humans and to reprogram corrupted DNA ( resonant entrainment ) will get a Nobel Prize.  



In India we hug cows to center ourselves. When I say challenged it includes learning disabilities, cerebral palsy, mental retardation, autism, uncontrolled seizure disorder, emotional disturbance, and Down's syndrome. Sonic entrainment can be used for pain control, stress reduction and relaxation.  DNA sequence can be reconstituted from the scalar signal . 



BEING AT SEA FOR 4 DECADES ,  I HAVE SEEN DOLPHINS IN THE WILD ALL OVER THIS PLANET-  NOT JUST IN SWIMMING POOLS OR LOCAL COVES.

Japanese cruelty !!











Wanna know more about Japanese cruelty?
********************************************************************
VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA, OLDEST EXCAVATED IDOL OF THIS PLANET 32000 BC , LONE VALLEY ALPS GERMANY – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

NARASIMHA TEMPLES FOR FOURTH AVATAR  OF VISHNU , PRE-HISTORIC  VEDIC VOCAL TRADITION OF SRUTI ,  HIRANYAKASHIPU ,  PRAHALADA -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 




Before 7000 BC, India ruled the whole world.

The Vedas were written in Sanskrit in 5000 BC,  but the oral ( sruti ) route is rooted in antiquity. To the credit of Hinduism we have brought the ancient religion to the year 2013,  despite 800 years of slavery to the Muslims and Christians. Muslims converted Hindus by sword. The white Christian man converted Hindus by immoral sops.  Hinduism , instead of dying out is now picking up steam, all over the planet.



The oldest idol ever on this planet was excavated in 1939 inside a cave named Stadel-Höhle im Hohlenstein (Stadel cave in Hohlenstein Mountain, also called Hohlenstein-Stadel cave), in the Lonetal (Lone Valley) of the Swabian Alps, Germany, if of Lord Vishu’s 4th avatar Narasimha ( lion man ).  




This idol carved from elephant tusk has lasted through millineums and is carbon dated at 32000 BC.




The idol of Narasimha found in Vogelherd Cave of Germany is nearly 30 cms high and 6 cms thick.  



The ivory Narasimha 7 lines on the biceps, representing 7 music octaves, 7 color bands, 7 chakras ,7 aural layers and 7 continents.







Hindus believe that whenever evil prevails over good, Lord  Vishnu comes down to earth in some mortal form to preserve save Dharma ( righteousness)  .  He assumes different avatars and acts in a way that good prevails over evil. 

The avatars of Lord Vishnu are .
1. Matsya (the fish)
2. Koorma (the tortoise)
3. Varaha (the boar)
4. Narasimha (the human-lion)
5. Vamana (the dwarf)
6. Parasurama (the angry man, Rama with an axe)
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman)
9. Lord Ayyappa.
10. Kalki (the mighty warrior)--the FINAL avatar





“ After planing the earth, he adorned it with mountains and then divided it into seven continents”-  Vishnu Purana 1.4.45-50  




Below:  Narasimha's  face in Rosslyn chapel in Scotland built by Freemasons.  




Templar knights (  ( after excavating under Solomon’s temple in Jerusalem ) , converted to Hinduism and started worshipping  Narasimha , which got the pope terribly upset with his watch dog crusaders.




Above:  The sphinx of Egypt is nothing but mirrored form of Narasimha.  

Buddha mirrored the right handed Swastika of Vedic civilization and made it left handed.  

In Mecca the pilgrims walk around the Kaaba shiva linga black stone 7 times ANTI clockwise , while in Hindu temples (Kaabalishwara ) they walk around 7 times clockwise.  Muslims saw OM symbol in the mirror and made it 786 which is printed on all Korans.

In USA they mirror everything what the Brits do.

Punch into Google search YANKS AND POMMIES QUITE CONTRARY  VADAKAYIL

Below video:  See the joy of the people of Bogota ( Columbia ) while they sing praises of Lord Narasimha in reggae style.  This is the power of  Narasimha.

 


Below two vidoes gives the story of Lord Narasimha in two short animated videos, to give you a general story line idea.   I will tell the correct story in prose later on in this post.






Below video: shows the Banteay Srei Hindu temple ( 2000 BC ) of Cambodia.




Below picture : Narasimha claws Hiranyakasipu , a sculpture on Banteay Srei temple





I predict that in the future the white Christian man will be devotees of Lord Narasimha exactly the same way the Templar knights abandoned Christianity.   When you go to Narasimha temples, the amazing positive vibrations have to be experienced to be believed .

Punch into Google search-

SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS  VADAKAYIL


yada yada hi dharmasya,
glanir bhavati bharata,
abhyutthanam adharmasya,
tadatmanam srjamy aham,
Paritranam sadhu nam,
Vinashayah dushkrita,
Dharmasansthapanarthaya,
Sabhavami yuge yuge..



“Whenever the world declineth in virtue and righteousness; and vice and injustice mount the throne, then cometh I, the Lord and revisit my world in visible form, and mingleth as a man with men, and by my infl uence and teachings do I destroy the evil and injustice and reestablish virtue and righteousness. Many times have I thus appeared, and many times hereafter shall I come again”

Every time dharma is threatened the preserver god Lord Vishnu mounts his Vimana ( eagle Garuda ) , and comes to earth as an avatar ready and equipped vanquish evil. 

The avatar or form in each intervention  is different because the demands of situation on planet earth are different. This shows the dynamic nature of universal laws.

New rules are forged when the demands of desire clash with the quest for order.  Rules have to be revised to adapt to change.

Vishnu’s descents are not just about reestablishing order. It is also about redefining them.

Today we live in the Kali Yuga — in a world infested with impurities and vices.  Just two days ago, France has legalized homosexual marriage, which goes against the universal laws..

People possessing virtues are diminishing day by day.  Man made floods, famine, war , corruption, crime, deceit , bestiality and duplicity characterize this age.  As per Hindu  scriptures, final emancipation is possible only in this Kali yuga ( evil times ) age.

Man is now more preoccupied with his physical self and material pleasures than anything else.

Because of our emphasis on the pursuit of gross materialism, this age has been termed the ‘Age of Darkness’ — an age when we have lost touch with our inner selves, an age of profound ignorance!  Our ancient scriptures  have described the Kali Yuga, where beggars full of deceit and selfishness dress up as kings.

Every virtue had been engulfed by the sins of Kali Yuga.  Impostors had promulgated a number of creeds, which they had invented out of their own wit.  Mortals are being worshipped as Gods. The naïve people had all fallen prey to delusion and all pious acts had been swallowed by greed.

Vyasa clarifies: “In the Kali Yuga, the duties of the respective order disappear and men become afflicted by inequity.”

In the “Brahma-Vaivarta Purana”, Lord Krishna tells Ganga Devi that a Golden Age will come after Kalki avatar descends in the end of Kali Yuga.

The Mayan calendar ( made by Maya Danava ) and Hindu calendar is the same.  Allow for a window (cusp) of 20 years  after 21st Dec 2012.

The ancient Hindus mainly used lunar calendars but also used solar calendars.  If an average lunar year equals 354.36 days, then this would be about 5270 lunar years from the time when the Kali Yuga started until 21 Dec 2012.  This is the same year that the Mayans predict rebirth of our planet. It is also about 5113 solar years of 365.24 days per year, and is day number 1,867,817 into the Kali Yuga.  

By either solar or lunar years, we are over 5,000 years into the Kali Yuga and it is time for the Lord Krishna’s prophecy to happen . Both Mayan and Hindu calendars began at about the same time over 5,000 years ago .

Punch into Google search MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL


Narashimha has always been a tribal god-even in Kerala.  The lion-head in fury is  typical of Narasimha on account of his fury ( krodh ).  

It has always been a mystery to the people of Orissa , West Bengal, Jharkhand, Bihar, Assam, Manipur , Tripura and Hindus in Bangladesh who Lord Jagannath is . 



The Brits after failing to push mortal Buddha as the 9th avatar of Vishnu, tried to push Lord Jagganath in place. 

Let this endless academic debate end.

Lord Jagannath is Lord Narasimha – period !!

The head of the Jagannath image makes sense when perceived as a lion's head, where the emphasis is on the jaws, rather than as a human head.  The icon of Jagannath is a carved and decorated wooden stump with large round eyes and with stumps as hands, with the conspicuous absence of any legs.  



Neem wood is chosen because as per the Bhavishya Purana it is the most auspicious wood to make idols of Vishnu, and this is where the answer lies.  

Puri has always been a  recognized Vaisnavite centre of India.  There are 105 Narasimha temples with land endowments in Orissa. You can find a dozen Narasimha temples in Puri city, with many more in the Hindu mutts of Adi Shankaracharya.  Adi Shankaracharya  established Gobardhana/Bhavavardhana Math at Puri in 2000 BC. 

Ramanuja followed Adisankaracharya in establishing mutts in considerable number, where they worship Narasimha. 

The Mookambika temple of Kollur has Narasimha on the golden spires. 



Mutts of Madhavacharya order worship Lord Narasimha. Sri Chaitanya advised his disciples to have Danda Pranama  (salutation by laying on the ground) to Lord Narasimha before taking darshan of Sri Jagannath.  Sri Chaitanya Himself worshipped Lord Narasimha at third step of baisapahach, before going to have the darshan of Sri Jagannath. Mutts of Ramananda order do Narasimha worship. 

Mutts worship Narasimha  in iconic form or aniconic form. The aniconic form is even as Salagrama stone on which the face of Lord Narasimha is drawn.  


Jagannatha is worshipped as Narasimha on the 14th day of lunar fortnight of the month of Vaishakha (Narasimha Chaturdasi).  Angyamala (garland) of the Lord is taken on this day to Chakra Narasimha for his birthday celebration.  The birthday celebration of Narasimha is celebrated at the temple of Narasimha, near Muktimandap.

Lord Narasimha is described as the protector  of Nandighosha chariot.  It is customary that a wooden image of Narasimha after due ritual ( rathpratistha ), completed by the deula-purohit, the only strotriya Brahmin servitor of the temple, is to be brought with proper procession with bijekahali and other vadyas to the chariots.

The clump feet of Lord Jagannath is significant because of Lord Narasimha's sudden appearance from the pillar.

This I hope will be the last nail on the coffin of endless debates instigated by the white Christian historian , as to who Lord Jagannath is.

Now to the story--


According to Bhagavata Purana,  Hiranyakashipu and Hiranyaksha were gatekeepers of Vishnu’s palace.  

During the Satya Yuga, Maharishi Kashyap and his wife Diti had two sons – Hiranyaksha and Hiranyakasipu.   It is said that asuras were born to them as a result of their union at the time of dusk, which was said to be an inauspicious time for such a sexual act.

You will find the Kashyapa name  in other Hindu texts forward in time—these belong to the descendants of Kashyapa.. .

The birthplace of Hiranyakashipu is Moolsthan ( present-day Multan in Pakistan ).  The magnificient Narasimha temple there was destroyed by the Paki mullahs after Independence.  They aroused the base passions of Muslim villagers off Suraj Kund and burnt the temple.  

The population of Suraj Kund was fully Hindu due to this Narasimha temple .  Bundu Das, the caretaker of the temple, escaped with the Narasimha idol.  Before independence Hindus from all over India used to take a dip in the pool where Narasimha took bath after killing Hiranyakashipu.

Multan was known as the city of gold for its large and wealthy temples. The Sun temple, Suraj Mandir, which was destroyed after Independence was considered one of the largest and wealthiest temples in the entire sub-continent.

Hiranyaksha kept troubling both humans and the Devas alike. The humans and the Devas unable to bear this any more prayed to preserver god Lord Vishnu to protect them.  

Lord Vishnu assumed his 3rd avatar  as a Boar ( Varaha ) and killed Hiranyaksha.— but he left some unfinished business.

After the death of his brother Hiranyaksha at the hands of Lord Vishnu , Hiranyakasipu was furious with both the humans and the Devas.  He led his army of asuras to attack them.  Hiranyakasipu came to know that every time, Lord Vishnu helped the Devas to fight him back.

The Asura King Hiranyakashipu sought the advise of his guru Maharishi Shukracharya.

Shukracharya the son of Bhrigu Rishi was on the side of the Asuras and was training them. Shukracharya had a point to prove to the Devas who had spurned him when he offered to be their guru and mentor. They chose Sage Brihaspati son of Maharishi Angira instead. Brihaspati is known in other cultures as Zeus  or Thor.

He advised him to do severe penance to appease Lord Brahma and then ask for a boon of immortality .
Hiranyakasipu started his severe austerities and soon forgot all about himself and his kingdom....



For many years he stood still with his hands raised towards the shy on Mount Mandara, and even though ant hills, grass, and plants grew on his body, he would not stir. Wild insects burrowed in his body and his flesh was covered with maggots . His bones stood exposed.  Ant hills formed around his boy and termites bit him.  Still he continued his tapasya. 

Meanwhile Lord Indra the King of the Devas came to know that Hiranyakasipu was not leading his men.  He realized that if he acted decisively now, he would be able to exterminate the Asuras and cut their strength for ever.

Indra along with other Devas attacked the kingdom of the Asuras. Just as Lord Indra had perceived , without the leadership of Hiranyakasipu, the Asuras were no match for the devas. The Asuras lost the war.  Lord Indra drove away the Asuras.

After destroying Hiranyakasipu's capital,  Lord Indra and party marched into Hiranyakasipu's palace.  
There he found Hiranyakasipu's pregnant wife Kayadhu.  Indra then though of using her as a future hostage , in case Hiranyakasipu broke his tapasya and came back full of vengeance.

At that time that Sage Narada appeared before Indra. He flew into a uncharacteristic rage and warned him NOT to do what he had in mind.  He declared that Hiranyakashipu’s wife is not a sinner and if she is harmed Indra would pay for it.

Indra looked at the angry sage who had his own powers , realised that he had no choice other than to let Kayadu go.  Indra and his men went away leaving a crying and pregnant Kayadu in the midst of the ruined and burning capital.

Sage Narada consoled here and asked if she knew of a place where she could be safe with well wishers.
Kayadu looked around her and was fraid that after Narada left, Indra would come back with his men.
She pleaded that Narada should take care of her in his ashram.

Narada smiled. This was the reason Narada had come here – to take Kayadu to his home.. The divine foretelling would come true, things had started..

Kayadu accompanied Sage Narada to his home and there Kayadu served the sage well.  Sage Narada found Kayadu to be fast on the uptake and very intelligent.  So in In the evenings, Sage Narada would relax and tell Kayadu stories of Lord Vishnu....Hearing all this Kayadu developed a profound sense of attachment towards Lord Vishnu.  Prahalada was a tiny fetus in her womb.

In her womb, the young unborn baby also heard these stories and also loved Lord Vishnu. The time passed happily there...When Prahlada was  born in Narada's ashram Devatas showered flowers on the cottage from the sky.


Lord Brahma and the other Devas were meanwhile having a very huge problem.  The air of the heavens were becoming hotter and hotter and the Devas were finding it difficult to sleep .The Devas realized that Hiranyakasipu's penance was becoming so powerful that he was disturbing the environment and the heavens were burning up.



Unable to take it anymore, the Devas ran to Lord Brahma.  Lord Brahma agreed to meet Hiranyakasipu and went to earth to meet the Asura.  He found him standing with his hands raised , entwined in creepers and vines , his body infested with maggots with a large part of his skull and skeleton exposed.

Lord Brahma was touched with the devotion of Hiranyakasipu.  He took some water from his Kamandalam and sprinkled it on Hiranyakasipu.  Suddenly Hiranyakasipu woke up from his trance. When the water fell on Hiranyakasipu, he emerged from the creepers new and fresh. The wounds healed like magic. He looked at the God of Creation and fell on his feet.

Lord Brahma looked at Hiranyakasipu touched, 'Arise son! Your penance is unparalleled! You can have any boon you wish!'

Hiranyakasipu bowed and said, 'My Lord! I wish to be immortal...'

Lord Brahma looked unhappy as he shook his head, 'Son, all who are born have to die. I cannot change the laws of nature. Please ask for anything else, and I will grant it to you ...'

Hiranyakasipu had been tutored by Sage Shukracharya. He bowed to Lord Brahma. 'Lord, I wish for an alternate boon...'

Lord Brahma gestured for Hiranyakasipu to continue.  Hiranyaksipu spoke in clear tones,

'Lord I wish that I cannot be killed by any man, God or animal or any other creature created by you. Nobody should be able to kill me at day or night, in heavens or in earth, in the day or the night either inside the house or outside the house, or with any weapons...'

When Lord Brahma heard this he stayed still for some time. He knew that granting this boon was not good considering that Hiranyakasipu had shown utter contempt for all other lives. But he also knew that he had no choice. He had to grant whatever was asked of him and he could NOT afford to allow this asura to continue with more severe tapasya.. 


Brahma in a bind, said tersely "So be it !! " ( Tatha asthu )

Saying thus Lord Brahma limped away with a heavy heart.   

Hiranyakasipu overjoyed with the wrangled boon ran back to his kingdom.  He ran back skippety skip crying  “I have become invincible; I have become immortal!”




He was grieved to see his ruined capital , massacred citizens and wife missing. He was filled with a feeling of revenge. Hiranyakasipu attacked Indra.  Indra had no chance.  The Devas were driven out of Devaloka. Hiranyakasipu became the ruler of the Heavens. Hiranyakasipu found his wife Kayadu and brought back his wife home.

Despite Kayadu asking Hiranyakasipu to change his ways, Hiranyakasipu continued tormented the humans and the Devas alike, but no one was able to raise a voice against him. 

As Prahlada was growing up, Hiranyakasipu became more and more powerful and he started committing more and more atrocities. 


He decreed that everyone in his kingdom must worship him alone. Nobody could worship the Lord in any form.  In all temples to the Lord, a  statue or a picture of Hiranyakashipu replaced the idols.  His soldiers were to check that everybody obeyed the decree, and offenders were tortured and  killed.  Terror spread like wild fire throughout the kingdom.



Prahlada was quiet different from his father. Unlike his father Prahlada never hurt another living being.  He was a strong devotee of Lord . While everyone was scared of Hiranyakasipu, all the people loved Prahlada.

Hiranyakasipu once asked Prahlada to come and sit on his lap.  He lovingly stroked his 8 year old son Prahlada's hair, 'Son! What a fine son you are!  Tell me son, how are things going on in your Gurukul?'

'Father!'  Prahlada looked at his father lovingly, 'I have learnt that Vishnu – the Dark Lord is the Ruler of the Three worlds and that if we are devoted to him, he will always be there for us...'

Hiranyakasipu was stunned for a few seconds.  His own flesh and blood talking in this manner. He was terribly upset and sent for his son’s guru.

He asked Prahlada to go and play with friends as he wanted to talk to the teacher alone. When the teacher appeared,  Hiranyakasipu was furious.   He yelled at the learned guru. 'What nonsense have you been teaching my son ”

The Guru quailed with fear. He stammered, 'L..Lord...Lord...I did not teach him these things...'

Hiranyakasipu shook his head furiously, 'Watch over the child! Someone is teaching him these useless things...'  The guru nodded his head and quickly melted away , lest Hiranykasipu gets more pissed off..

At the school,  the Guru taught Prahlada about how Hiranyakasipu was now the Lord of the three worlds and how he was to be worshipped... However Prahlada countered “ No sir! This is not correct!  Lord Vishnu is the Lord of the three worlds. The whole universe exists because of him...'



The guru got furious and afraid at the same time.  Furious that Prahlada was defying him openly in the class for all the students to hear and afraid that if Prahlada repeated this to his father, Hiranyakasipu may even kill him.

The guru dragged Prahlada back to his father's palace. He went to Hiranyakasipu, 'Sir! I have tried everything...The boy keeps on repeating what he said. He would not tell me from where he learnt this...'

Hiranyakasipu was now trembling in rage.  Anger blinded him. This boy cannot have my blood inside him. He is no son of mine...He does not have any right to live... Hiranyakasipu called his men, 'Guards! Take this boy and kill him with your swords.'

The guard looked anxiously at Hiranyakasipu wondering whether he had indeed ordered for killing the prince.

Hiranyakasipu angrily looked at his men and yelled three times , 'NOW!'

Prahalada calmly and unceasingly repeated, “Om Namo Narayanaya!” ( when Mangal Pandey did this in 1857 —he was accused of incoherent babbling and show on contempt by the British )

They took out their swords.  The first guard struck Prahlada and watched surprised as the blade fell from the hilt... Prahlad looked unharmed and without fear. All the guard together struck Prahlada only to find their blades breaking off even before it struck Prahlada.

Bewildered they turned to Hiranyakasipu.  Enraged Hiranyakasipu then ordered Prahlada to be thrown into a snake pit full of cobras.  However  the snakes just kept off him.

Furious Hiranyakasipu turned on mad elephants at Prahlads to trample him.  Hiranyakasipu was stunned when he saw the mad elephants become calm as soon as they saw Prahalada.




Hiranyakasipu called his sister Holika. 'Sister Holika! I need your help!'

Holika bowed to Hiranyakasipu, 'Speak my Lord!'

Hiranyakasipu said harshly, 'You have received a boon from the Lord that fire cannot harm you! I want you to use that boon now.'

“ I want you to take Prahlada in your lap and hold him tight, so that when I can set both of you on fire”
When the fire finally burnt out, Prahlada was sitting in the middle of glowing ashes unharmed , whereas Holika had burnt to cinder..



She was unaware of the fact the boon worked only when  she entered the fire alone. Prahlada came out unharmed while Holika was burnt to  ashes.

Now Hiranyakasipu started to feel that something is amiss.  He went to Prahlada and pulled the boy up.  The boy woke up as if from a trance, looking around him.  



Hiranyakasipu shook him, He yelled, 'Where is your Vishnu now?  Is he here inside my palace?  Is he here in this pillar' Hiranyakasipu screamed.

Prahalda looked at his father straight in the eye, "Yes father! Lord Vishnu is everywhere..He is all pervading and is present in every atom and every pore"

Enraged Hiranyakashipu smashed his mace on the pillar.

The pillar shattered and with a terrible roar a grotesque glowing and ferocious form, with the head of a lion and body of a man stepped out.

Before Hiranyakasipu could escape, Narasimha caught him with his clawed fingers, in a vice like grip.

Hiranyakasipu struggled against grip, but it was of no use. Narasimha took Hiranyakasipu and dragged him to the threshold of the door –



Brahma’s voice resounded from the skies. 

“Hiranyakasipu---look where are you standing ---
nor in a residence or outside, you are at the threshhold,
look at the time it is nether day or night , it is twilight,
look who has grabbed you, neither man or animal, he hold no weapons
look from where he has emerged, nether ground or sky, but from in-between a pillar.”

After killing Hiranyakasipu with his claws ,  Narasimha let out a loud roar and sat on Hiranyakasipu's throne.

All the Asuras had escaped from there seeing the ferocious beast.  Even the Devas were afraid to go near Narasimha.  However unafraid, Prahlad went forward.  There was nothing but love in his eyes. 'My Lord! You have come to protect me...I knew you would come...'



Looking at the face of Prahlad, Narasimha smiled, 'Yes son! For you I have come!...' Prahlad looked at his father's body and looked at Narasimha, 'Do not worry son! You do not know his story!  He is my ex-doorkeeper Vijaya.  He was born here because of a curse. After three more births he will attain his place back in Vaikunta.. .Do not worry about him...'

Prahlad nodded his head, 'I want nothing more, my Lord!'

Narasimha shook his head, 'No son! You are meant to rule your people. You will come to Vaikunta after you have completed your work on earth as your people's ruler...'

Prahlada nodded his head once more.  Prahlada became the benevolent ruler of the Asuras, who prospered during his reign and gave up there old cruel ways.  

As per the Christian invader’s spin doctors  Narasimha went berserk, totally off tangent after killing Hiranyakashipu , and could NOT be controlled.  Narasimha’s  wrath was not appeased.  The cosmos  trembled, fearing what he might do next.



The white Christian invader has put this spin into this legend to drive a wedge between Shiva and Vishnu worshippers.   Like when we were kids we always wondered if Phantom and Tarzan fights who will win,  we formed two gripus and once we nearly came to blows.

Lord Shiva assumed the terrible form of Sharabha.



Poison injected Sharabha Upanishad portrays Sharabha with two heads, two wings, eight legs of the lion with sharp claws and a long tail—a human lion bird.  

A sort of hyper-man to lick the mickey out of super-man.  TEE HEEEE!!.

The white Christian invader even gave Lord Shiva a nice new name – hold your breath - "Sharabeshamurti".  TEE HEEEE !!

Then ze gods got a new worry .

They feared Shiva in his ferocious Sharabha form may not be able to control his rage and thus urging Shiva to give up his Sharabha form.  

Thereafter, Shiva dismembered Sharabha’s form.  Self demotion man.  Thank God!! His limbs were given away ( to salvation army? ) and his torso became a Kapalika.

Then Kapalikas became Aghoris .  Aghoris started eating shit , drinking piss and ate dead bloated corpses flowing down the river for good measure and stayed in cremation grounds.  

TEE HEEEE !!


The Rothschild released King Wodeyar of Mysore from prison after they killed Tipu Sultan , on the express condition that his royal crest must be Sharaba . Later more and more cooked up versions of the Narasimha slayer have come out. 



Gandaberunda, the Karnataka state emblem, is flanked by red maned yellow lion elephant Sharabha. 




The university of Mysore , Karnataka has adopted Sharabha, with modifications and also appropriate justifications,  as their emblem or logo 

TEE  HEEEE !!



Even today no orthodox Hindu will cut his nails at twilight in respectful memory of the great action of Narasimha.  


To add some spice they even said that Narasimha did NOT use his vehicle Garuda ( the eagle ) to reach Hiranyakashipu and the bird sulked .  So it was a bird NOT a vimana   TEE HEEEE !

SINCE ROTHSCHILD WAS SO MUCH  INTERESTED IN NARASIMHA , IT IS POSSIBLE THAT THIS ANCIENT ELEPHANT TUSK RELIC WAS PLANTED IN THE GERMAN CAVE.   

THERE IS NO SHORTAGE OF ELEPHANTS WITH MIGHTY TUSKS IN INDIA.   WHEN TUSKS GROW TOO LONG IT IS SAWED OFF IN KERALA.




Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC , as with the reference in the Sharabha Upanishad, refers to this 356th name of Vishnu sahasranama as not mentioning the lion-killing animal at all and instead interprets the name to mean, "As the Lord shines in the body as the indwelling Self, He is called Sharabha, while the body is sara (perishable)."



The Rig Veda contains an epithet that has been attributed to Narasimha.  The avatar is described as "like a wild beast, dread, prowling, mountain-roaming"  (RV.I 154.2a).

The Matsya purana describes how Narasimha ripped  Hiranyakashipu  "apart the mighty Daitya chief as a plaiter of straw mats shreds his reeds".

Lord Narasimha is depicted in early epics, more than 15 Puranas and Upanishads

In the Bhagavad Gita (10.30) Krishna makes the following statement in regard to Prahlada, showing his favour towards him:

Translation: "Among the Daitya demons I am the devoted Prahlada, among subduers I am time, among beasts I am the lion, and among birds I am Garuda."


There was a secret inquisition by the Pope in Goa ( by the Portuguese ) ,  which did NOT come out till the internet age.  Lately even Wikipedia accepts it.    Francis Xavier was appalled to see such a ugly looking god, and he wanted to bring some culture to the Indian savages..
********************************************************************
VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , FIXING THE PLANET AT RUDRAKSHA MALA CONSTANT OF 108 , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
HIRANYAKSHA ASURA ,  JAYA AND VIJAYA KEEPERS  OF 7TH GATE OF VISHNU ,  SEVEN CONTINENTS , 108 SALIGRAMS ON THE NECK OF VIRAHA IDOL,   MAHARISHI VARAHAMIHIRA  2660 BC   ASTRONOMY TEACHER OF UJJAIN  UNIVERSITY  AT THE TROPIC OF CANCER  ,  CLOSEST BIOLOGICAL ANIMAL TO HUMAN DNA THE BOAR –  
CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This post is about the 3rd Vishnu avatar of Varaha the boar. 



First things first—

Punch into Google search –

MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL





The four sages Sanak, Sanandan, Sanatan and Sanat were learned brahmins.  They were the  manasaputras of Brahma  (sons born from the mind or thought power of Brahma).  

The four Kumaras ( sages ) undertook lifelong vows of celibacy (brahmacharya) against the wishes of their father.  They were said to wander throughout the materialistic and spiritualistic universe without any desire but with purpose to teach.  All four brothers are studied Vedas from their childhood, and always travelled together.

They were very proud of their father, Brahma because he was the creator of the holy books , Vedas.  They were aware of three Vedas  Rigveda,Yajurveda, and Samaveda and considered that the whole knowledge is complete in these three books.  On the other hand Sage Atharva approached Lord Shiva to get approval of his knowledge which he gathered from the universe using his divine powers.

Lord Shiva, impressed by his creation and blessed Sage Atharva that his book of knowledge would constitute the list of Vedas and will be called as ‘Atharvaveda’.  When this news reached the sons of Lord Brahma, they protested as according to them the other three Vedas was a complete set of knowledge and there was no need of fourth Veda.  They argued Lord Shiva and challenged his authority to certify fourth veda. . 



Finally it was decided that whether to certify fourth Veda or not depends upon the result of debate.  Saraswati , the Goddess of knowledge was appointed as judge. The four Sages fired too much and too complicated questions to Lord Shiva and there were very confident of their victory as they underestimated Lord Shiva.  

But Shiva, who is the Lord of all the supreme knowledge, answered knee jerk to each and every question . The Sages accept their defeat gracefully and asked for forgiveness.  Since then Artharva Ved was added to the list of Vedas , making the total four.

The Sages went to their brother Prajapati Daksha , father in law of Lord Shiva ( Sati ) who upset with him.  He was furious with his four brothers,  and cursed them to be naïve children of the age 5.   The four Kumaras had learnt the Vedas at the age of four and they were still very wise.   Narada says though they may appear as five-year old children, they are the great ancestors of the world.

The youngest daughter of Daksha Prajapati was Sati ( Dakshayani ) who was deeply in love with Shiva wanted to marry him .  Daksha forbade it, but she disobeyed him finding in Shiva an ideal loving husband.  Daksha had loathed Shiva intensely, calling him roaming ascetic.

Sanat Kumaras then taught the Puranas to Narada.   Narada transmitted it to Krishna Dwaipayana who in turn scripted them in monumental epic documents of 18 Puranas.  The Vishnu Purana is recorded in two parts, the Vishnu Purana and Naradiya Purana.  The teachings of Sankaka of the Kumara brothers are contained in the Naradiya Purana which is also divivided in two parts. 

One day the 4 Kumaras  visited Vaikuntha, the abode of Vishnu,  to see him.

Upon reaching the outskirts of Vaikuntha, the four Kumaras felt unprecedented transcendental joy.  They skipped and hopped and sang their way past the first six gates.  

At the seventh gate stood two of Vishnu’s most loyal and loving gatekeepers Jaya and Vijaya. The two watchmen at the seventh gate were firm limbed , had similar bodily features and carried huge maces.

The four Kumaras had opened doors everywhere in life without any conception of "ours" and "theirs", as per the spirit of the Vedas. It did NOT matter who arranged the words in the Vedas , and nobody tried to patent knowledge like the white Christian man.

Several people came daily to visit Lord Vishnu at Vaikunta and it was Jaya's and Vijaya's job to allow every person who had grievance to see the Lord.  They knew that Lord Vishnu's time was precious and could not be wasted.  The doorkeepers took their job very seriously.



As they were standing guard, the two of them saw four naked children running in unbridled glee towards Vaikunta. Jaya and Vijaya had never seen such a thing before— 4 naked children running towards the gate
'Open up!' The youngest among them said. 'We want to see the Lord.'

Jaya sagely shook his head. 'Children... please do not disturb the Lord. He is very busy...Why don't you go and play something else...'

'Ch..children... you think we are CHILDREN...' another child spluttered angrily.

Vijaya suddenly had the gut feelin’ that probably these were just some sage in the guise of children.  But he stuck to his guns.

He said politely “'The Lord is resting. Please come some time later...”

This time Vijaya noticed the adult like ego expressions in the face of the children.

The one who looked the eldest looked at him venomously, 'Do you even know who we are? I am Sanaka. That is Sanandana.' He said pointing at the one in the middle, who was quietly standing, not talking till now. 'And these two are Sanatana and Sanatkumara...We are...'



Jaya suddenly realised who these four children were and they were not children. He felt scared, very scared. 'You are the four Kumaras. You are the sons of Lord Brahma...' He said faintly kneeling before the four children.

Vijaya also knelt before the four children. 'We apologise for our shabby behaviour...'

However the four were far from relenting.  Sananda spoke for the first time. ' The Lord is always available for us. You told a lie that he is sleeping “

Sanatkumar spoke, ' For this we curse you... Jaya and Vijaya.  You are so full of yourselves . You think vainly that just because you are gate keepers , you are god “

Jaya and Vijaya looked terrified and they requested “'Please do not curse us..”

Meanwhile inside Vaikunta,  Lord Vishnu heard the commotion , rather he knew this would happen as ordained.  He rushed out to the gate and saw his dear doorkeepers kneeling at the feet of the four Kumaras shaking in fear .

Lord Vishnu heard Sanatkumar complete his curse. '...You will no longer be gods. You will be born on earth as ordinary humans and live like ordinary people...'

Jaya and Vijaya knelt there stunned , unable to figure out what next. Suddenly they saw Vishnu and started explaining.

Lord Vishnu held up his hand and silenced them, 'I know.. no explanations are necessary...'

The four sages then bowed to Lord Vishnu.  Sananda said angrily, 'Lord, your doorkeepers prevented us from seeing you...your devotees...'

Lord Vishnu turned his head and looked at his loyal doorkeepers briefly, 'Sages, they did not do anything out of spite . They just wanted to give me time to rest, and thought that you are naughty children, in improper attire . Please forgive them...'

The sages however looked far from forgiving. They looked at the doorkeepers and Sanatana said again, 'No.. no matter what the reason, they refused to let a devotee see the Lord. I cannot forgive that.. Their curse stands...'

So saying the four sages bowed once more to Lord Vishnu and walked away without looking back.

Lord Vishnu looked at the four sages and then turned to Jaya and Vijaya who were sobbing in great grief.
Vijaya continued as tears fell from his eyes, '..we cannot bear being separated from you...please Lord do something...'



Lord Vishnu was touched...He felt proud of them. He said 'I cannot take back the curse, but I can give you a clear choice...' ( Vishnu knew what the answer would be )

He said 'Either you can take seven births on earth as my devotees.....or take three births as my enemies...'
Jaya and Vijaya both looked at each other . Seven births was too long .

As one they said, 'We will be born three times as your enemy and come back to you my Lord...'

Lord Vishnu laughed, “ I will incarnate on the earth to kill you, all the three times, but you will  attain moksha”

He finished and gugged Jaya and Vijaya, touched by their love and  devotion.

It was after this that Jaya and Vijaya were first born as Hiranyaksha and Hiranyakasipu.

In the first life they were born as Hiranyakashipu and Hiranyaksha to Diti ( daughter of Daksha Prajapathi ) and sage Kashyapa.  Vishnu as Varaha the boar killed Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ). Vishnu took another avatar as Narasimha the lion man to kill Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya ).

In their second life Jaya and Vijaya were born as Ravana and Kumbhakarna . This duo was killed by Vishnu as Lord Rama .

In their third life Jaya and Vijaya were born as Dantavakra and Shishupala.  It must be noted that the strengths of Jaya and Vijaya gradually declined with each subsequent birth. This duo was killed by Lord Krishna.


Kashyap, was a great sage. He had four wives, Diti, Aditi, Vinita, and Kudroo.  

Jaya and Vijaya were born in Diti’s womb.  The golden-eyed Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ) was the elder son of Diti and Kasyapa. 

Hiranyakasipu ( Vijaya ) who was killed by Narasimha, was the younger son of Diti and Kasyapa.  Both of them were called Daityas. The Daityas are thus sons of Kashyapa Prajapati and step brothers of the Adityas.  

Since Aditi and Diti are sisters and daughters of Daksha Prajapati, they are also first cousins besides being step brothers. They are genetically of the same stock.  As children of Kasyapa and Diti they are also genetically brahmans. .

Diti gave birth to the demons, and from Aditi were born the Devatas, or gods.

Now hear out the white Christian man’s spin injected .

Once at sunset, Kashyapa, the son of Marichi, was offering oblations to Lord Vishnu into the sacrificial fire.  At this time, his wife, Diti, got terribly horny . Throwing all maryada and decorum into the fire, the beautiful Diti frankly begged her husband, "O learned one, Cupid is forcibly distressing me with his arrows, just as an elephant troubles a banana tree.”

Kashyapa tried to pacify Diti as he was in the middle of  homam. "My dear Diti, I only request you to wait for a few minutes so that I may not become subject to criticism”.



Diti was so much overcome by lust that she caught hold of Kashyapa's clothes just like a shameless prostitute. Kashyapa had no choice but to follow Diti to a secluded place for sexual intercourse.

After finishing the forbidden act,  Kashyapa purified himself by bathing and once again sat down to chant the Gayatri mantra.

Meanwhile, after having gratified her lust,  Diti came to her senses. With her head lowered in shame, she approached her husband and said, "My dear brahmana, please insure that my embryo is not killed by Lord Shiva, because of the great offense that I have committed against him."

Diti then prayed for Lord Shiva's mercy in a very clever manner: "Let me offer my obeisance unto the angry Lord Shiva. He is so great that he can immediately destroy my embryo, but at the same time he is so merciful and forgiving. Lord Shiva is known as the lord of all women, who are excused even by uncivilized hunters, and therefore I beg him to spare me from his wrath."

As Diti stood before him, trembling due to fear of his anger, Kashyapa said, "Because of your polluted mind, the improper time, your disobedience, and your neglect of the demigods, your conception will produce two abominable sons who will create havoc within the world by killing innocent persons, torturing women, and enraging the great souls. As a result, the Supreme Lord will incarnate to kill them, just as Indra smashes mountains with his thunderbolt."

Diti replied, "O my husband, it is a great relief for me to know that my sons will be killed by the all-merciful Supreme Lord, rather than the wrath of the brahmanas” 



Kashyapa then informed Diti, "Due to your repentance and firm faith in the Supreme Lord, as well as your adoration for Lord Shiva and myself, one of your grandsons will be a greatly exalted devotee whose fame will rival that of the Lord Himself.  Because of his great devotion for the Supreme Personality of Godhead, others will follow in his footsteps, and because of his having satisfied the Supreme Lord, everyone will become pleased with him.  As a first-class devotee, your grandson will be able to see the Supreme Lord, within and without; he will be a reservoir of all good qualities; and he will feel very pained to see the suffering of the conditioned souls in this material world."

After hearing about the glories of her future grandson Prahlada,  Diti became very pleased.

And thus Hiranya Kashyapa - Hiranyaksha entered in to the womb of Diti at an inauspicious asura samaya acquiring rakshasa gunas .

Kashyapa named the first-born, Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ) and the one who was conceived first Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya ).


In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) .  

This is an allegory.

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.



This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.




The domesticated pig frequency, or group mind, is the perfect vehicle for animal species to enter before entering human form on their evolutionary progression.  In many respects, pigs can be considered a form of humanity . The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that.



A pig is biologically similar to a human being and hence used by zoology students for dissection. Even the heart is similar where the left side pumps blood to the body while the right side pumps blood to the lungs. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams.

Pigs are very intelligent and respond to their names and commands. Their oinks, snorts, squeals and grunts as a response can be interpreted. They have emotions and hence can get highly stressed , burnt out and depressed. 

The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans. 


The flesh of swine is so similar to our own that if you eat under cooked pig you get all kinds of parasites that live equally as well in our own flesh/brains.  




Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins.




Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white. They are compassionate creatures.  They have a good sense of direction , smell and don’t get lost easily. Pigs love music and is computer savvy.


A pig turns into a filthy creature only if they are  NOT cared for well , and had to survive in adverse circumstances—just like humans..

If the pig organs can resist rejection after a transplant, we humans with 2 strand DNA  ( 97% junk ) can use pig parts ( like heart transplant )

The Muslims do NOT pray at Babri Masjid in Ayodhya after it was observed that the boar ( male pig ) was sculpted on the walls , which was a Sri Ram temple before.

Punch into Google search -BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL




The Adi Varaha temple at Mathura had a Varaha idol . Kapila Muni made this Vigraha by his mind.  Sage Kapila gave this Vigraha to Indra and Indra worshiped this Vigraha in his kingdom. 

When Ravana ( 2nd birth of Jaya ) took over Indra’s kingdom, he took this Adi Varaha Vigraha to his capital, in Lanka. 

When Vishnu avatar Sri Rama killed Ravana,  Ravana’s brother, Vibhisana became the king of Lanka.  Vibhisana offered everything to Rama.  Rama said he did not want anything,  except the Varaha Vigraha that was taken from Amaravati.  



Rama carried the Adi Varaha Vigraha back to Ayodhya and worshipped it there for 110 years, at the Babri Masjid spot of Ayodhya temple.  Later this temple was converted to a Sri Rama temple.

When Hinranyaksha went in search for Varaha boar after getting information from Sage Narada, Vishnu as the boar was busy placing planet earth in a new orbit in the sea of akasha ( zero point field or ether ) with a new tilt of the axis of 23.4 degrees.

It is NO wonder that the royal seal of the Kings of Ujjain was Varaha the boar, till Emperor Vikramaditya changed it to Swastika in 7000 BC.



Why Ujjain?  Pray?

Ujjain is situated on Latitude 23.4 degrees North, and that is the northern most ascent of the sun ( tropic of cancer ).  Maharishi Varahamihira ( Mihira Muni ) the great mathematician and astronomer taught in Ujjain Univeristy in 2660 BC , and this was the most ancient university of this planet.

At Ujjayini university Lord Krishna ( Vishnu’s avatar to kill Jaya/ Vijaya in their last birth on earth ) , Balram and Sudama were initiated into the learning of Vedas and Vedanta in 4100 BC.

Emperor Vikramaditya who ruled at Ujjain on the banks of the mighty Shirpa river , has been kicked forward in time by 9000 years by the white christian invader.
  
The Mahakaleshwar Temple for the Swayambu jyorthirlinga ( born by itself )is one of the oldest tempes in india. This lingam is smeared with hot ashes from the burning ghats to extract the DNA.

The Harasiddhi temple has one of the oldest Sri Yantras, which contains the theory of everything .  According to Shiva-purana, when Lord Shiva carried away the burning body of his wife Sati from the sacrificial fire of Daksha-prajapati, her elbow fell on this spot.

Emperor Vikramaditya's elder brother , who abdicated the throne due to the infidelity of his beloved wife Pingala , meditated in the Bhatruhari caves -- which is named after him.

The Kumbh Mela religious festival is held here every twelve years.

Mythological sanctity of the invisible and underground river Saraswati, associated with the story of Triveni-sangam, is attributed to Ujjayini. 


As mentioned in the Mahabharata epic 4000 BC, Ujjayini was the capital of the Avanti Kingdom, According to legend, the river Kshipra that flows across Ujjain is regarded to have originated due to the churning of the gods and goddesses.

Mihira Muni was accurate in his astrological predictions and predicted that the King's 18 year old son would be killed by a Varaha or a wild boar. He had also predicted the time as 5 pm in the evening.  The young prince was disfigured by the iron hooves of the artificial metal boar, the Royal Emblem attached to the flag staff.  The King honored and gave him the title Varahamihira for his accuracy in astrology.

The tilt of the earth's axis set by Varaha causes the 4 seasons, and life on this planet.



Dwaita Hindusim is about 2 extreme opposites with a mediated who facilitates --as a preserver.

tropic of cancer/ tropic of capricon
summer/ winter
freezing/ melting
clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
absorption/ secretion
contraction/ relaxation
evaporation/ condensation

Not many people are aware that earth is in full bloom with life due to our 4 seasons.  For example:   India is totally dependant on monsoons to prevent famine.  



We must know that due to the tilt of the arth, the sun travels continuously from tropic of cancer 23.5 deg N ( 21th June ) to tropic of capricon 23.5 deg S ( 21st Dec ) causing the seasons .





“ After planing the earth, He adorned it with mountains and then divided it into seven continents” - Vishnu Purana 1.4.45-50 

One of the famous varaha temples is at Tiruvadantai, 27 miles from Chennai towards south on the way to Mahabalipuram.

The main deity is 9 ft tall and is called "Sri Lakshmi Adi Varaha".  The Lord holds a conch in his upraised right hand and the disc in his left.  The Goddess is seated over the left thigh of Lord Vishnu in his Varaha aspect, His left hand encircling Her waist, while Her feet are held in His lower right hand palm.  Only the right leg of Varahaswami is touching the floor.  The deity is decorated with a garland formed of 108 saligrams around the neck.

Why 108?

Why is that Lord Shiva’s rudraksha mala has 108 beads, which has been copied by Jews, Buddhists , Christians and Muslims ?

What is the catch?

Varaha placed the Earth and Moon at a DIVINE constant of 108, with respect to the sun.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara
"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?



During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?   




For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter.



The average distance of the Moon from the Earth is 108 times the diameter of the Moon.

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.



It was necessary to fix the moon too, as-
QUOTE – Solar and lunar eclipses occurred repeatedly, and from the mountain caves came sounds like the rattling of chariots.  She-jackals vomited fire while crying out ominously, and asses ran here and there in herds, striking the earth with their hard hooves and braying loudly.  Being frightened by the braying asses, birds flew shrieking from their nests, and cows passed stool and urine due to fear.  Indeed, the terrified cows yielded blood instead of milk, and the clouds rained sour pus instead of water. The deities in the temples shed tears, and trees fell down even though there were no gusts of wind. Due to the covering of clouds, all became shrouded in darkness. The ocean became highly agitated .UNQUOTE . -- Puranas 5000 BC




Mantras are chanted 108 times. This is a Hindu concept, which has been lifted by all other religions.


Varaha swims in the the ocean of ether with the earth in his tusks and places her gently above it in her original position, as the gods and the sages sing Varaha's praises in 108 verses.




The white Christian man had ridiculed Indians in their encyclopedias and science books that we Indians think that earth is the back of a tortoise ( based on Lord Vishnu’s second Tortoise Kurma  avatar ).

Here are a couple in the eye for these cheats, who stole ancient Vedic ideas and patented it in their names.  Both Plato and Pythagoras had studied in India.

Cakracasah parinaham prthivya
”people who reside on the surface of earth circumference”  [Rig veda 1.33.8] 5000 BC

madhye samantandasya bhugolo vyomni tisthati
“In the midst of universe (Brahmanda), the spherical earth stands firm in the space”- Rig Veda 5000 BC  [12th ch-32 sloka]

Punch into Google search HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

The immoral white Christian man had the gall to steal , patent and ridicule-- they never expected an internet age.  


In Karnataka, a zoomorphic image of Varaha is found in a carving on a pillar in Aihole, which is interpreted as the Vijayanagara empire ( Hampi ) emblem.  Probably this is the reason why Hampi suffered at the hands of the Muslim invaders.

Want to know the past glory of Hampi— the most wonderful ruins on this planet?

Punch into Google search RUINED CITY OF HAMPI VADAKAYIL


Before the Mohuls invaded India , the Muslims ( via Kerala ) were comfortable with Varaha worship. The invaders and their Sufi stooges stopped Varaha worship and destroyed these temples. The boar and its relative the pig started being seen as polluting since the 12th century, due to Muslim invader’s destructive influence on India. Koran considers the pig and its meat unclean.

However converted Muslims still believe that Varaha symbolizes the resurrection of the earth from a pralaya (dissolution of the universe) and the establishment of a new kalpa (aeon).



An example is the Bhuvarahaswami Temple in Srimushnam town, to the 35 Km northeast of Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu.   This temple is venerated by Hindus and Muslims alike.  Both Hindu and Muslim communities take the utsava murti in procession in the annual temple festival in the Tamil month of Masi (February–March).  The deity is credited with many miracles and called Varaha saheb by Muslims.



Muslims offer prasadams to the Lord Yagya Varaha and they take back the flower of the Lord and offer it to Allah. The Muslim devotees are said to thank Allah for having brought Varaha Swamy to their place The chariot has a Muslim flag, a symbol of the Hindu- Muslim unity .

Varaha shrines are included in Divya Desams (a list of 108 abodes of Vishnu).




Let me get back to lore –
Asura Hiranyaksha was troubling the earth and its denizens. He practises tapas ( severe austerities) and is blessed by Brahma with a boon that makes him indestructible by any animal or human.  He and his brother Hiranyakashipu torment the inhabitants of earth as well as the gods and engage in war with the latter.  The gods were scared of Hiranyaksha . Some gods fought him and were promptly defeated.

Angered by this Hiranyaksha decided that he had to make the Gods weak. He realised that though the gods lived in the heavens, the source of their power of the earth.  If he could made sure none of the Gods can access the earth, they would become weak .

Hiranyaksha used powerful weapons and soon the earth shook so badly that she slipped from her axis. The earth gives a loud cry of distress.  

The great sages on the earth also realised that if something was not done fast, Prithvi maa would be lost with total loss of life . They performed a great yagna please Lord Vishnu.



A tiny white boar, even smaller than the size of his thumb, appeared out one of Brahma’s  nostrils.  The boar popped out and continued outgrowing, until it has assumed a gigantic structure.  This boar was Lord Vishnu in the Varaha avatar, to kill asura Hiranyaksha as prophesied.

With a thundering roar, the Boar stormed through the clouds and zealously plunged into the ocean of ether.  After a frantic search, the Varaha Avatar discovered Bhoomadevi ,  stuck in an odd orbit with increased tilt causing it to rotate very fast, shortening the day..

He picked up Bhoomadevi on his snout and was busy putting her in the proper orbit and tilt.

Hiranyaksha, tries to obstructs his work and challenges him to a duel.  Lord Vishnu smiled and realised that Jaya's first punishment was about to end...

Once Varaha placed the earth in the proper place , Prithvi maa said a silent thank you . The boar now furious turned to face Hiranyaksha .   Hiranyaksha was momentarily was terrified.

'You wanted to fight me... I was not free at that time. Now I am all yours. Let us who among the two of us is stronger...' The boar said.

The boar and Hiranyaksha fought each other.  But this time Hiranyaksha had met his match. No matter what he did, the boar had an answer for it. The boar fought brutally and cleverly managing to weave inside and outside the defences of Hiranyaksha.  Hiranyaksha was tiring fast. Try as he might, Hiranyaksha was not able to find any weaknesses in the attack of the boar. 

He fought and knew that something was amiss and that he could not defeat the boar. Suddenly he realized that the boar was indeed his beloved lord Narayana .

He uttered in his last breath “ Victory to Keshava, the lord of Universe,who assumed the form of a boar “



Now how can the story go without the white Christian man putting his own vulgar spin in his translations.

So here goes the spin-
“ Having accomplished his missions, Vishnu decided to spend some time in this new and playful form.  Alas, he underestimated the power of the brute consciousness in reasserting itself and he came to identify himself with the Boar.  He met a beautiful sow somewhere and they set up house had sexual intercourse and had many piglets.  Lord Shiva, seeing the appalling degradation of the great Vishnu,  attacked the boar and flayed its pelt - upon which the fully conscious and awakened Vishnu rose up in his remembered glory”  
So now Shiva worshippers can cock a snook at Vishnu worshippers – see our Lord saved your Lord from filth .

TEE HEEEEE



In the modern era, Jaya and Vijaya are free from their curse, and they can be seen as gatekeepers in Vishnu temples and temples affiliated with Vaishnavism. Statues of Jaya-Vijaya stand in the temple of Venkateswara in Tirumala, the temple of Jagannath in Puri, and the temple of Ranganatha in Srirangam.  

At the famous Tirupati Balaji temple there is a convention that the full fruits of pilgrimage can be gained only after visiting the small shrine dedicated to Varaha found over there.



Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC



‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)



After killing the demon Hiranyakasipu, Lord Vishnu rested at Vishrama-ghat in Mathura. Mathura, 48 km MW of Agra birth place of lord Krishna is located on the western bank of river Yamuna.
********************************************************************
KALPA VIGRAHA , VISHNU IDOL CARBON DATED TO 26450 BC, SUDARSHANA CHAKRA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE MOST POWERFUL MIND CONTROLLED SCALAR WEAPON ,   LORD VISHNU THE PRESERVER RECEIVING SUDARSHANA CHAKRA FROM LORD SHIVA THE DESTROYER,  WATER CHARGED WITH PALLADIUM GROUP NANO PARTICLES FOR LONGIVITY-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A heavy chest containing a 47 gram metal alloy idol was  given to CIA officials for safekeeping at Lo Monthang  (called “Mustang” in CIA files) by a Tibetan monk accompanied by Khampa bodyguards in 1959.   The monk apparently verbally told CIA officials the importance of the chest and its contents which the CIA wrote down.  



Above: The upper right hand holds the shankh and the bottom right hand show a static Sudarsha Chakra.

The chest was kept in a CIA store-room in Washington DC labeled “ST Circus Mustang-0183” in the army base of Camp Hale , near Vail , Colarado..  When they opened the chest an ancient manuscript was found with the idol inside .

 The chest was so magnificent that it provoked lot of excitement and curiosity.  This heavy metal-lined wooden chest had a socket-and-pivot hinged lid and an ancient loop-and-rod lock assembly.  It was a cubical box of more than 8 inch square.  The teak box wood was 6 inches thick.

The teak-wood timber was further with an inner lining of one inch thick bronze-like alloy plate on all sides which despite severe external corrosion had preserved the teak-wood of the box to a fair extent.  The metal plate was riveted into the teakwood with nails of similar metal alloy, a work of great expertise.  


Above: Behind the statue ( 5.3 cm tall and about 4.7 cms wide)   , shows 3 loops of Vishnu's Ananth Nag snake.



Above:  See the life size Ananth Nag snake on Vishnu's reclining gold idol, found in the minor vault of Sri Padmanabha Swamy temple 2 years ago with 24 billion US dollars worth of gold . The major vaults are not opened due to supreme court order, citing lack of security.




The appearance of the chest suggested that it might have lain buried for a considerable period of time.

This box and contents was sent for carbon dating . The idol , the lining, the rivets, the wooden slat manuscript, the box wood, the inner organic deposits in crevices  –all were carbon dated ( C14 ) by the University of California Radiation Laboratory, Berkeley . 



Above: The bottom of the idol showed Shiva and Parvati.

The results astounded the CIA officials as it stood at 26450 BC. and this got the CIA director John McCone involved personally.  

After all his bible said the Big Bang happened in 4004 BC.  None of the known ancient excavated civilizations of world history – Egyptian, Mesopotamian  existed before 8000 years ago.

The old pre-Rigvedic Sanskrit manuscript was translated by the CIA with great difficulty, with some Indians involved.

The manuscript mentioned the name of the idol – “kalpa maha-ayusham rasayana vigraha” abbreviated in CIA files to “Kalpa Vigraha.”

It was told by the monk that this idol if placed in water inside a copper vessel for nine days , would charge the water . If this water is drunk humans will have very long life.  The “charged” water was thus sent to various US laboratories under heavy security and all reports and documents received from the labs were sent directly to the CIA director, John McCone.

There was a huge hunt for ancient Sanskrit Homeopathy and Ayurveda literature from India. We in India know that Rothschild’s personal doctor, the German Jew Dr Friedrich Samuel Hahnemann, was converted to “the father of Homeopathy” ( sic ).   

Below: Friedrich Samuel Hahnemann




Homeopathy in India is more than 6000 years old. The fact that water holds memory is written in our vedic texts .   What the hell is “tirtham” and holy water in a Maharishi's copper lota?

A nine-member team coded as “the watering team “ consisting mostly of women was formed whose sole task was to feed this water to unsuspecting citizens in the US.

The “watering” had to be done without the subjects’ knowledge by befriending them or by looking for innocuous opportunities to get them to consume a glass of water for three consecutive days in a row.  This went on for a few months.  Some of the human test subjects chosen were in far-flung states and in remote towns and cities of the United States.  


Apparently the CIA had some system in place to monitor their subjects for whatever results they expected as an outcome of the experiment for the “Watering Team” was not required to hang around once the subject had consumed the water over three days.  “Ease-out of the acquaintance without raising any questions”, they were told.


A recent long-distant telephone call from another state in the US on the morning of December 2008 changed all that. The source, now long retired, with great-grandchildren playing around him, was unexpectedly informed one night by another retired agent of the CIA ( who was watching American Idol on TV ) that the Kalpa Vigraha was “missing”.  The agent who made the call was once a member of the “inner circle”, a man who knew what the experiments conducted in the early 1960s was all about.



“The Hindu idol, my dear Mac (name changed), don’t you remember, the one they called the Kalpa Vigraha?” the voice said.  “Don’t you remember the experiments that put you in charge of the Watering Team assignment?  I’m only calling you this morning because I knew for certain that you would be alive and well to hear this news.”

Ken, (name changed ) the inner-circle CIA agent reminded Mac of the many subjects the CIA had targeted for consumption of the “charged” Kalpa Vigraha water back in 1960-61, many of whom had been fed the water personally by Mac. Mac could recall many of the names and even crossed-checked in his own diary to confirm and refresh his memory of all the people he had surreptitiously befriended to feed the “charged” water.

A week later Ken and Mac met to discuss the matter. They went over the list in Mac’s old diary, and for the first time in decades, recalled the events of more than 45 years ago. . The CIA had been keeping a meticulous watch (“kalpa-tag”, they called it) over almost all test-subjects around the globe, and monitoring their lives in secrecy. 


All persons subjected to the Kalpa Vigraha experiment were expected to live very long lives, past the age of 110 at least.  The entire lot in the diary had lived beyond 110, some even to 120,  except four names, that of Ruth Golonka, Willie Lee Morgan, Steven Martin and Bert Jenkins were found to be of people who had died “accidentally”.  Ruth Golonka, died of a car accident, Willie Lee Morgan was murdered. Both Steven Martin and Bert Jenkins had died in Vietnam.

An audit conducted in 1996 revealed that the heavy metal-lined chest was very much in the store, but that the idol and the manuscript had been “misplaced”.

In a search conducted over many weeks, spanning many states, and enquiries made from many retired personnel, the agency was able to trace the manuscript from the house of a microbiologist the CIA had many years ago hired for analysis of the “charged” kalpa vigraha water. 



The manuscript was found but the whereabouts of the Kalpa Vigraha is still a mystery. Following the discovery of the manuscript, a spate of mysterious deaths of microbiologists followed.  After nearly half a century, photographs of the Kalpa Vigraha, depicting the idol from four different directions were circulated around the world by the CIA with an enormous cash reward for its recovery. 

This is how the world knows about this.  Do you think this will ever happen to Christianity or Judaism?

Sudarshana Chakra is usually portrayed on the right rear hand of the four hands of Vishnu, who also holds a Shankha (a conch shell) in his left fore hand, a Gada (mace) in his left rear hand, and a Padma (lotus bud) in his right fore hand.



Sudarshana Chakra was given to Lord Vishnu by Lord Shiva who was pleased with Vishnu's devotion. Vishnu who was having a torrid time as preserver god , in controlling the evil asuras , went to Mount Kailasa and began to pray to Shiva.  

Today you require a Chinese visa to visit Mount Kailash.  

Vishnu chanted many mantras, but there was no sign of Shiva.  Shiva has a thousand names and Vishnu next started to chant these names.  Each day he chanted the thousand names and offered a thousand lotus flowers to Shiva.  Shiva decided to litmus test Vishnu.  

One day, he stole a single lotus flower from the thousand that were to be offered.  When Vishnu realized that there was one lotus flower less, he gouged out his own eye and offered it in place of the missing lotus flower.  
Shiva was now pleased and appeared before Vishnu and presented him with the Sudarshana Chakra.  

The idol with CIA shows the sudarshana chakra static , held low and it depicts Lord Vishnu after receiving the weapon.

The use of the Sudarshana Chakra is occasionally mentioned in the Hindu texts of Rigveda, Yajurveda and Puranas, as an ultimate weapon to eliminate the enemy of law, order and preservation. 





During the Mahabharata war 4000 BC,  Arjuna had sworn to kill Jayadratha before sunset failing which he will commit suicide.  The Kaurava army was successful in keeping Arjuna away from Jayadratha and sunset was nearing.



So Lord Krishna ( avatar of Vishnu ) unleashed his Sudarshana Chakra in scalar interferometry mode , which created an severe inversion in the atmosphere.


The atmospheric refraction reversed , and the sun suddenly dipped below the visible horizon causing absolute darkness.  At this time there was a mighty cheer among the Kaurava ranks and Jayadratha peered out of his tent in triumph and relief.

As per the rules of Dharma Yuddha it is NOT possible to kill an enemy after sunset.  As soon as Krishna saw Jayadratha he commanded Arjuna to behead him with an arrow and immediately restored the atmospheric refraction the usual way.  The sun suddenly came up above the visible horizon.



Above reverse rainbow --due to inversion.




This was NOT a solar eclipse.  And hence a solar eclipse should NOT be used to date the Mahabharata war of 4000 BC.


Sudarshana Chakra was created by the combined energy of Brahma, Vishnu and Mahesh.  It is a spinning disc with 108 serrations .  This weapon is mind controlled and personalized.  It can be activated only by a mantra known to the owner.  

Only scalar electromagnetic interferometry works at the level of the mind . The mind is of the time domain-- it is "time-like,"  and is a scalar electromagnetic manifestation.  It can lock on to any other scalar phenomena, and be influenced by them.  The internal longitudinal wave in the electromagnetic wave is the fundamental wave and exists in all known electromagnetic fields of any shape. 



The scalar component of the electromagnetic wave can be created from two opposing electromagnetic waves, a wave and its anti wave.  Both waves will cancel each other’s electrical and magnetic field components when the waves are in phase spatially but 180 degrees out of phase temporally . The result is an electromagnetic scalar wave.

Once released the Sudarshan Chakra assumes a conscious form and  follows the mind command of the owner.   This has search and destroy,  stealth ( invisible ) and loiter capability.  It the scalar  interferometry mode this weapon becomes terribly destructive and its laser travels faster than light.  Nikola Tesla was introduced to this weapon by Swami Vivekananda.   As a spinning howitzer it operates in the exhothermic and endothermic mode.  


In "endothermic" mode, the howitzer sucks energy out of the target area, essentially creating a blast of cold at the distant target.  It is even capable of freezing parts of the ocean and having temperature inversions in the atmosphere.

By using both of these hot (exothermic) and cold (endothermic) modes together the weather can be altered anywhere. Warm the air over here, cool it down over there, put a curl in the jet stream, dissipate clouds, create clouds, whip up a tornado.


In exothermic mode it can fry anything selectively.  Matter is not a condensed substance but a diffused form of energy.  Every living cell in the body is killed instantly, including all bacteria, germs, etc.  Anybody hit with this thing falls like a limp rag and lies where it falls.  


In the "exothermic" mode of operation immense EM energy blasts outward at the target site. If you apply this technology today the howitzer can use a lesser exothermic power setting and simply destroy all electronics in the target area.  



Thus they can render nuclear missiles inoperable as they sit in their silos by "frying" the electronic circuits that guide them. They can bring down any airplane, anywhere in the world, at any time. Any person anywhere, if their exact position is known, can be assassinated without a shot being fired.

It doesn't decay for months.  In a macabre fashion, it's reduced to something like food irradiated with nuclear radiation; everything is killed, so the material is preserved for an extended period before any decay can set in.


A collision between a particle and its antiparticle converts both into a burst of electromagnetic radiation.  Curved space time tells mass-energy how to move; mass-energy tells space time how to curve.

Contrast this with Newton's petty view of the mechanics of the heavens: Force tells mass how to accelerate; mass tells gravity how to exert force.  

Gravity can’t be shielded.  ZPF also cannot be shielded.

In the frightening "Mindsnapper" or psychotronic mode, it affects the electromagnetic mind-body connection. Being mind-snapped at a low level would cause you to lose consciousness. Being mind-snapped at a slightly higher power would "entrain" all minds in the target area into a kind of hypnogogic trance, a state in which they would all be highly susceptible to suggestions and orders.



Bliss or psychic hell at the flip of a switch applied today it is the Quantum Potential Weapon. It can be used to "broadcast" even physical disease over a wide populace without the need of the infectious organism itself. Don’t even think that AIDS,  SARS , Flu viruses without DNA are all protein scientist matter. 

It is to the credit of the Vishnu, that he never used Sudarshan Chakra weapon to its full potential, even when provoked.




Below find HUGE crop circles of Sudarshana Chakra and Vishnu’s  shankh ( conch ).



Below: the crop is woven and interlocked.



"O Sudarśana wheel, you are truth. You are the the supreme transcendental prowess in the hands of the Supreme Personality of Godhead.  You are the original vision of the Lord, and therefore you are known as Sudarśana.  Everything has been created by your activities, and therefore you are all-pervading."  (S Bhagawatam  9.5.5)-  5000 BC

chakram yugantanala-tigma-nemi
bhramat samantad bhagavat-prayuktam
dandagdhi dandagdhy ari-sainyam ashu
kaksham yatha vata-sakho hutashaha

"Set into motion by the Supreme Personality of Godhead and wandering in all the four directions, the Sudarsana disc of the Supreme Lord has sharp edges as destructive as the fire of devastation at the end of the millennium. As a blazing fire burns dry grass to ashes with the assistance of the breeze, may the Sudarshana chakra burn our enemies to ashes."

When Lord Krishna lifted the Govardhan mountain with the levitation power of Sudarshana Chakra which sliced the mountain and held it high. 



Lord Krishna defeated Indra, the deity of thunder and rain. As per legend, Krishna saw huge preparations for the annual offering to Indra and questions his father Nanda about it. He debated with the villagers about what their 'dharma' truly was. They were farmers, they should do their duty and concentrate on farming and protection of their cattle. 

He continued to say that all human beings should merely do their 'karma', to the best of their ability and not pray or conduct sacrifices for natural phenomenon. The villagers were convinced by Krishna, and did not proceed with the special puja (prayer).  



Indra was then angered, and flooded the village. Krishna then lifted Mounaint Govardhan and held it up as protection to his people and cattle from the rain.  Indra finally accepted defeat and recognized Krishna as supreme.

Marco Polo came to Malabar ( Kerala ) in 1293, and has made records of Siddha alchemy.  He records a meeting he had with a group of ”yogi alchemists”  who, by preparing a potion a lifespan of  150-200 years”. 
  


Siddhars had the knowledge of converting  inorganic substances into nano which is easily absorbed by the human cells .  Mercury, Irridium and Rhodium was widely used in Siddha medicine.  Mercury, a killer poison, is converted into healing nectar, when properly purified and processed.  



Siddhars used  Mercury not only to cure innumerable diseases, but also to rejuvenate the body and promote longevity.  


The method of processing mercury and palladium group minerals for therapeutic purposes is known as Rasa Suthi in Siddha system of medicine, and was handed over by word of mouth from Lord Shiva to his wife Goddess Parvati to her son Lord Murugan to Maharishi Agastya.   Agasthya taught this science of alchemy to 18 Siddhars who lived around Mount Kailash.

In Hindu theology, Siddhashrama is a secret land deep in the frozen Himalayas, where great yogis, sadhus and sages who are siddhas live.  They knew how to de-toxify  metals and pulverize it to nano particles to the nectar of immortality.



The most mysterious property of water, is its ability to hold and store memory. This property underlies the healing capability of homeopathy.  A homeopathic solution usually in water is produced via a series of dilutions of a substance, often until effectively no atoms of the original material remain.  Only an imprint or memory remains for the cure, and the greater the dilution, the greater the effectiveness.  

The experiments showed that the immune system can be triggered using hundred times dilutions of an aqueous solution of an antibody..  If water has a memory then the water we drink is transferring its memory into our "water body," just like a homeopathic solution does. Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes.

Water can wipe out previous molecular energy information and start afresh, starting anew in the present moment to receive the latest upgrade, so to speak. Water has thinking capacity within itself as a freely moving liquid without a nervous system needing to be formed.  Water responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more sensitive medium for reception . .
  


Water is the universal solvent, with 84 out of the known 108 elements on this planet being dissolved by it.  Scalar energy from the DNA of healers reduce the surface tension of water, and make the pH of the water more alkaline.

The hydrogen ion is positively charged. A water ioniser changes the hydrogen ion into a negative charge. Free radicals are a natural byproduct of cellular function. Free radicals expel an electron, and the extra electron damages neighboring cell nuclei and DNA, setting the stage for improper cell division and replication.
The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary manner, our 100 trillion living cells would not be able to communicate with each other.

The 7000 year old Rig Veda, written in Sanskrit, has 117 hymns about a wonder elixir by the name of Soma.  The lesser Rishis and Munis consumed Soma, a rare mushroom, which contained Mercury, Iridium and Rhodium.   The mineral content in mushrooms is dependent on the content of mineral in the soil and the humus content in the soil.  The Maharishis with12 starnd DNA and king sized pineal gland did NOT need Soma.  

Over 6% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight,  is Rhodium and Iridium. 5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements. Nano particles of  high energy iridium and rhodium and iridium function so similarly that they are often called twins.  Rhodium and Iridium assist in the efficiency and performance of the neural circuitry, in the synaptic connections.

Soma which is a natural mushroom found in the Himalayas ( not seen any more ) have potent anti-aging properties, as they contain mercury, iridium and rhodium.  The major ingredient of Soma elixir is juice extracted from a creeper which was picked on special days of the dark lunar fortnight.  It was placed in an earthen pitcher and buried underground until the full moon . During the full moon, there are more positive ions at the Earth's surface.  

Then it was removed and the juice was extracted and taken.  Drinking Soma induced immediate explosion into  higher consciousness.  By consuming Soma a human being can raise his Kundalini instantly. The sages could separate the self from the body and travel astrally.  Nowadays modern physics dabbles with Iridium , as in high spin they has been shown to have antigravity capabilities, and have been tried out in levitation experiments. 

The Kundalini ascent and descent can be assisted by Palladium group metals.  Rhodium serves as the downflow of energy around the spinal column, iridium serves us the upflow.   When these two are in balance, there is maximum coherence of these two energy currents.  

Nano particle crystals which are not only bio absorbable, but are bonded with hydrogen to carry out specific electrical instructions in the body, including the activation of  inert DNA.  Ancient maharishis had 12 strand DNA which used hydrogen to advantage. 

Electric current which cause  a plasma-like reaction in a chamber with inert gases and is always either neon blue or indigo . Particles are in the size range of 110 nanometers (a nanometer is one-billionth of a meter).  Most of these cannot be detected by conventional analytical methods because the elements themselves "vibrate" out of the spectral range of the element.

The Sudarshana chakra was used to cut the corpse Goddess Sati , wife of Lord Shiva into 54 pieces after she gave up her life in humiliation.  It is said that Shiva, crazed in grief, carried her lifeless body all over the planet, and was disconsolate.  In order to protect the universe from the wrath of Shiva, Lord Vishnu dismembered the body of Sati used his Sudarshana Chakra  . 



The dismembered parts of her body fell at 54 different places in India, Turkey, Azerbaijan and Sri Lanka.  These places came to be known as Shaktipeeths or centers of power.  Satī,  reincarnated as  Parvati , Shiva’s second wife and is the mother of Lord Ganesha  and Lord Skanda (Kartikeya).  

54 Shakti Peethas of Sati, proves that all Goddesses are expansions of the Goddess Parvati.  In the Sri Yantra divine geometry , revealed in 8000 BC to the Maharishi seers , the 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) .

hariste sahasram kamalabalimadhaya padayor
yadekone tasmin nijamudaharannetrakamalam
gato bhaktyudrekah parinatimasau cakravapusha
trayanam rakshayai tripurahara jagarti jagatam

0 Destroyer of the three cities,  Hari rooted out His own lotus-eye to make up the difference when one flower was missing in His offering of 1,000 lotuses to Your feet.  For this great devotion You awarded the discus (Sudarshana Chakra)-- with which Hari preserves the three worlds.

The Sudarshana Chakra was also used to slice the celestial mountain Mandrachal Parvat ( Meru ) for churning the ocean of milk ( Samudra Manthan ).  Because of this incident the Hindus travel for the Kumbh Mela pilgrimage.  



Punch into Google search-
KUMBH MELA  THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES VADAKAYIL

Here is a nice story for Hanuman devotees.

Arjuna had just been rewarded with Pashupath Astra – a lesser weapon than Sudarshan Chakra.
He was in an expansive and extravagant mood.

Driving his chariot, he arrived at Rameshwaram.  After a nice  bath in the sacred waters of Dhanuskoti, he went out on a jaunt.  

There he came across a small monkey seated on a hill and saying Rama Rama repeatedly.

“O! Monkey, who are you and what is your name?”, Arjuna asked.

“I am Hanuman, servitor of Lord Rama.  I constructed the massive stone bridge over the ocean here for the Lord, long ago ”,  Hanuman replied in self introduction.

“Why did you need to toil so hard . Any worthy warrior can construct a bridge across the ocean with his arrows quite easily.   Lord Rama could have done that with his arrows.  His effort in building a stone bridge was an exercise in futility.”  Arjuna replied with lot of pride.

“The arrow-bridge does not have the strength to take the tremendous load of monkeys like us.  This is the reason why Lord Rama did not consider building an arrow-bridge”,  Hanuman replied immediately.

“I will show you how to build a strong bridge where all you monkeys can jump around.  This requires knowledge and power. Watch how I create a magnificent arrow bridge from India to Lanka”, Arjuna said.

Hanuman smirked “Well, your so-called arrow-bridge cannot take the load of even my thumb.  It will collapse. Then, What are you gonna do?”, asked Hanuman.

“I will enter into blazing fire and give up my life if my arrow-bridge collapses under your weight”, Arjuna promised. “Now you also couner offer something.”

“If your arrow-bridge is not destroyed by the touch of my finger then I will remain ever present in your flag and keep on serving you”, Hanuman replied.




Arjuna took the famous bow ( gaandiva ) and in a jiffy created a strong and magnificent bridge over the ocean with his arrows.

“Now you jump and play on the bridge as you please.”, Arjun challenged Hanuman.

Hanuman smiled and just kept his thumb on the bridge.  Suddenly there was loud creaking sound.  The bridge collapsed suddenly.  It got submerged in the womb of the ocean. Arjuna was crestfallen.

His pride vanished into thin air. He prepared a blazing fire to give up his life although Hanuman dissuaded him from such an extreme step.

A passerby saint saw the fire and learnt what all had transpired.

“Your mutual promises are invalid as there was no witness. Now youhave to  repeat it before me”, the sage said.

Arjuna once again created the magnificent arrow bridge. Hanuman pressed his thumb. But the bridge did not collapse.

Hanuman understood that his Lord Rama has kept his ‘sudarshan chakra’ below the bridge to save Arjuna.




The sage showed his true self: Rama and Krishna—both avatars of Vishnu.  He removed the ‘sudarshan’ from below the bridge and it collapsed like a castle of cards.  



Hanuman of Ramayana agreed to remain on the flag of the chariot of Arjuna of Mahabharata.   Arjuna became famous as ‘Kapi-dhwaja’:- One whose flag carries the crest of Hanuman.
********************************************************************
KOTTIYOOR TEMPLE , THE OLDEST TEMPLE AND PILGRIMAGE SPOT ON THIS PLANET – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SRI KOTTIYOOR SHRI MAHADEVA KSHETRAM,  DAKSHINA KASHI OR VARANASI OF THE SOUTH,  LORD SHIVA AND WIFE SATI , ODAPOO DAKSHA PRAJAPATI’S BEARD,  PILGRIMAGE IN WATER SANS TEMPLE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Today our lady cook has come back from the annual Kottiyoor temple festival with Odapoo ( Auda ) strands for my wife, which she has given pride of place in our puja room.

This Kottiyoor temple is unsung and unknown outside Kerala.  Hindus in Kerala have tried to keep it that way since recent times.  

Soulless Kerala communist governments and successive Italian Queen Bee’s governments under the influence of JOSHUA PROJECT 2 , have tried their best to take away the temple lands around this most holy and ancient spot for Hindus around the world, quoting the environment .  

They want the Hindus to give up their souls for a few wild pigs and bison.  Remember foreign funded Christian NGOs and atheist rationalist NGOs are still trying to make the trekking areas to Sabarimala, a restricted animal sanctuary.  Sabarimala has beaten the Kumbh Mela in numbers when you average out the figures.

Earlier in 1971 , 27,000 acres of Kottiyoor Temple land was captured under Indian Forest laws in an arbitrary manner.   After a sustained legal tussle  in 1980,  107 acres of land full of medicinal herbs and special trees surrounding the temple was given back to Kottiyoor temple authorities.  

The Kerala Government , (with communists and Christians at the helm)  , who has NIL respect for ancient Indian culture and more respect for Islamic Saudi and Catholic Italy culture , challenged the court order in Supreme Court, but fortunately the Indian Supreme Court dismissed the Kerala Government appeal.  

The forest ministry send notice to Kottiyoor temple again to capture the left over land citing the land as ecologically fragile-  the whole idea to to erase this part of Hindu history dated to antiquity.

I will now let the rest of India know why this temple is so important to our Indian culture. This is who we are.


Meanwhile we suffered 800 years of slavery under Muslim and Christian invaders ,who converted Indians to Islam and Christianity.  These people who been born into the  religions of their parents ( forced by sword and sops ) do NOT care for Indian ancient Indian culture — it has become poison for them.


Hindus in Andhra Pradesh will remember how chief minister YSR , with the connivance of the Italian Queen Bee ( Joshua Project 2 ) , tried to capture the holy Tirumala hills and plant a cross.  

Or for the matter how the foreign funded Tamilian Christian missionary NGOs destroyed the Vivekananda memorial and planted a cross at Rameshwaram rock,  giving propaganda that it was NOT Swami Vivekananda who meditated there, but Portuguese missionary Francis Xavier.




Now let me first narrate the lore--

Legend goes that Sati was born when the gods concentrated their energy at a point on the ground to create a girl powerful enough to destroy even the fiercest of demons.  The goddess, took human birth at the bidding of the god Brahma.  Beautiful and chaste Sati was born as the youngest daughter of Daksha Prajapati and his wife Prasuti. 

Daksha was a son of Brahma and a great king and magnate in his own right. The girl was named Gauri, "the turmeric-hued one,"  As the daughter of Daksha, she is also known as Dakshayani. She is also called Sati By this logic, Sati is grand-daughter of Brahma by Daksha, but is also great grand-daughter of Brahma because Prasuti is daughter of Manu (Manu is son of Brahma).

In bidding the Goddess to take human birth, Brahma's design was that she should please Shiva with humble devotions and wed him.  It was natural that Gauri ( Sati ) , even as a child, adored the tales and legends associated with Shiva and grew up an ardent devotee.  As Sati grew to womanhood, the idea of marrying anyone else, as intended by her father, became anathema to her.

Every proposal from handsome, valiant and rich kings made her crave ever more for the firm limbed ascetic of Kailasa, the God of Gods, who bestowed all on this world and himself foreswore all.  To win the regard of the ascetic Shiva, the daughter of king Daksha forsook the luxuries of her father's palace and retired to a forest, there to devote herself to austerities and the worship of Shiva.

So rigorous were her penances that she gradually renounced food itself, at one stage subsisting on one bilva leaf a day, and then giving up even that nourishment; this particular abstinence earned her the sobriquet Aparnā.  Her prayers finally bore fruit when, after testing her resolve, Shiva finally acceded to her wishes and consented to make her his bride.

An ecstatic Sati returned to her father's home to await her bridegroom, but found her father less than elated by the turn of events.  The wedding was however held in due course, and Sati made her home with Shiva in the icy Mount Kailasa.   Daksha, depicted in legend as an arrogant king, did not get on with his renunciative son-in-law and basically cut his daughter away from her natal family.

Smouldering in indignation, and to get even , Daksha Prajapati, the father of Sati organized a grand yajna to which all the gods were invited, with the exception of his own daughter Sati and her husband Shiva.  Wanting to visit her parents, relatives and childhood friends, Sati sought to rationalize this omission.  

She reasoned within herself that her parents had neglected to make a formal invitation to them only because, as family, such formality was unnecessary; certainly, she needed no invitation to visit her own mother and would go anyway.

Sati pestered Shiva to come along with her to the Yajna ( homam ).  Shiva maintained that they should not go uninvited.   Shiva sought to dissuade her, but she was resolved upon going; he then provided her with an escort of his ganas and bid her provoke no incident.

Sati was received coldly by her father.  They were soon in the midst of a heated argument about the virtues (and alleged lack thereof) of Shiva.  Every passing moment made it clearer to Sati that her father was entirely incapable of appreciating the excellent qualities of her husband.

The realization then came to Sati that this abuse was being heaped on Shiva only because he had wed her; she was the cause of this dishonour to her husband.  Sati noticed that no seat (assan) had been earmarked for her husband Shiva, even if he had gone, which meant a deliberate attempt to humiliate Shiva.
 
She was consumed by rage against her father and loathing for his mentality. Calling up a prayer that she may, in a future birth, be born the daughter of a father whom she could respect, Sati plunged herself into the blazing fire of the havankund of Yajna.  



The exact spot where the yagya or homam took place , in which Sita self immolated is where the amazing and powerful Kottiyoor temple is situated in Kerala .  This spot is THE oldest spot of Shiva-Sati worship in India.

Shiva sensed this catastrophe, and his rage was incomparable   Shiva rushed to the spot and found Sati half burnt and dead.

He loved Sati more than any and would never love after her. In terrible rage he opened his destructive third eye and there rose  Virabhadra and Bhadrakali, some call as [Manbhadra], two ferocious creatures who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident.  




Nearly all those present were indiscriminately felled overnight.  Daksha himself was decapitated by Shiva with a sword, which is held by Kottiyoor temple.

The gruesome deed done , Shiva performed the fearsome and awe-inspiring Tandava dance, which caused the entire planet to tremble in fear . Kottiyoor is the place where Sati jumped into the fire and Shiva hacked Daksha with a sword.

Shiva then placed his wife Gauri's ( Sati ) body on his shoulder and ran about the world, disconsolate and crazed with grief.


In order to protect the universe from the wrath of Shiva, Lord Vishnu dismembered the body of Sati used his Sudarshana Chakra  . T he dismembered parts of her body fell at 54 different places in India, Turkey, Azaerbaijan and Sri lanka.
  
These places came to be known as Shaktipeeths or centers of power.  These places have become major centers of pilgrimage as they are held by the Goddess-oriented Shakta sect to be particularly holy.

After the night of horror, Shiva, the all-forgiving, restored all those who were slain to life and granted them his blessings. Even the abusive and culpable Daksha was restored both his life and his kingship.

His decapitated head was substituted for that of a goat. Having learned his lesson, Daksha spent his remaining years as a devotee of Shiva.



Satī,  reincarnated as  Parvati , Shiva’s second wife and is the mother of Lord Ganesha  and Lord Skanda (Kartikeya).



She is also known by 108 names from the Durga Saptashati.  Her different mood brings different forms or incarnation.  Parvati is considered to be Goddess Kali herself in her most ferocious form. As Durga she is black in color and rides on lion, she is known as the original slayer of Demon Mahishasura.

54 Shakti Peethas of Sati, proves that all Goddesses are expansions of the Goddess Parvati.

In the Sri yantra divine geometry , revealed in 8000 BC to the Maharishi seers , the 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) .

With Shiva and Shakti qualities  ( Yin Yang ) making the magic number 108, or the number of beads in a Rudraksha mala

Later Lord Shiva  took the form of Swayambhu linga   and stayed next to where Sati immolated herself.   Since all the gods and goddesses were present in the place , it got to be known as Koodiyur ( renamed by British as Kottiyoor ).



Above: Akkare Kottiyoor temple.

This sport is called Akkare Kottiyoor temple.  Akkare means the other side of the Bavali river bank. Due to age and antiquity there is nothing there today , but a Manithara ( heap of stones ) with a Shiva Lingam . 

There is a knee deep water pond ( Thiruvanchira ) around this Manithara with the swayambu Shiva Lingam, in which the devotees stand .  Swayambhu means born on its own or not man made.  Devotees can feel the power of this lingam. Nearby in the same lake there is another heap of stones , known as Ammarakallu which is worshipped as Sati.



According to the Sthala Purana , this spot was visited by Lord Parashurama when he came down to Kerala in 4000 BC from the Saraswati river.  And since it was difficult for any devotee to cross the torrential river, an Ikkare Kottiyoor temple made of stone was consecrated. Ikkare means this side of the Bavali river bank.




This festival will be held on the Chothi asterism month of Edavam and culminates on the Chithira asterism of the Mithunam month


Akkare Kottiyoor temple , where there is only a mount of stones with a shiva lingam , remains open only on these 27 festival days .  Daily worship is held at Ikkare Kottiyoor temple.  But during these 27 days of festival at Akkare Kottiyoor temple,  the Ikkare temple remains closed.



The 'abhishekam' (offering) here is with milk,  ghee (clarified butter) and elannir vellam (tender coconut water).  Pilgrims to the temple, before trekking through the dense forests to the magnificent valley of the  Sahya mountain ranges, take a bath in the River Bavali, which is considered to be divine. During this time of the year the heavens do NOT rain, they pour—and the waters can be fast and torrential.

The pigrims have a dress code. They are not allowed to wear western pants and shirts. They have to wear a dhoti or mundu. Everybody has a local bath towel called thorthu on his shoulder.



The Auda Flower ( odapoo ) is considered as the symbol of Kottiyoor festival.  It is representative of the  beard of the decapitated king Daksha.  



It is an artificial flower made of bamboo, and it will be created only during festival season. This flower is available only in Kottiyoor.  Everybody buys the Odapoo or Auda flowers before leaving for home.  This is a sign that you have visited Kottiyoor.   This is hung at the entrance to your home as a lucky charm.



The festival also known as Akkare Kottiyoor Vaisakha Maholsavam festival will begin with a sword from Muthirikavu Temple in Tavinal village , taken to Akkare Kottiyur temple.   It was believed that Daksha was hacked to death  by this sword.  The sword is made of alloy and is passivated with a protective patina .

Neyyattam ( offering of ghee ) and Elaneerattam( offering of tender coconut water) are special rituals connected with the festival.

Similar temporary huts cover the two deities of Shiva and Sati.  A stone-walled channel, rather a ourished moat , through which living water courses,  connects the temple ground to the  river.  Standing knee deep in water, throng thousands of devotees,  bare-chested men in white dhotis and women in sarees.  



Above : Ikkare Shiva temple consecrated by Lord Parashurama.

Through the water temple elephants sashay with idols on top and sword and shield-carrying priests preceeding them.   In the  theyyam stage, every evening dancers re-enact the Shiva Sati story.  'Bhandaram Ezhunnallath', is a ritual of divine ornaments being brought in procession from the nearby Manathana village to the temple.



You can feel divine energy the moment you step on this antique mythical land.  The devotees running into hundreds of thousands go home with a deep inexplicable bond with this remote place deep in the vibrant jungle.   



Imagine a Manithara ( heap of stones ) with a Shiva Lingam, steeped in legend , in the middle of a water pool , identified by Lord Parashurama 6000 years ago, is the only visible signs of this most holy spot of hoary antiquity.


Why do the devotees stand in knee deep water at Kottiyoor?



The Bavali river brings nano size colloids of herbs and healing minerals from the Wayanad hills . This is what living water or bio-energised miracle water is all about.

Low surface tension water ( normal is 73 dynes ) can store information for healing in its vibratory structure . Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The average electron density around the oxygen atom in a water molecule is about 10 times that around the hydrogen atoms.  

This non uniform distribution of positive and negative charges or strong dipole  present in water leads to the substance’s unusual behavior.

A single molecule of water looks like a letter V at an angle of 105 deg , with one oxygen atom at the bottom point and two hydrogen atoms at the top. These atoms share some of their negatively charged electrons, forming a strong connection called a covalent bond.

This dipole causes immense scalar energy to usher in and out of the zero point field.


All water crystals have 6 branches-- but NO two are alike.  If you reduce the surface tension of water from 73 dynes / cm 2 to 65 then the angle changes from 105 to 120.  This water is good for the human body.

All Hindu temples are located near a water body, but this is the only temple where every devotee has to stand in knee deep water which has the ability to store and hold memory.  In homeopathy the information copied to the water is being used to cancel out the information of the symptoms from the disease -- a wave cancellation effect.  

Water is the master listener in the universe -- and you are mostly water.  Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water.  Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.


Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments when it travels through various water cycles . 



Scalar energy from the DNA of healers reduce the surface tension of water, and make the pH of the water more alkaline. 

 Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings.  The implications go beyond homeopathy and “energy medicine" and into the interaction between water and consciousness.  

Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds, chemicals and even human emotions.  Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes  

Water blessed by healers have minor shifts in its molecular structure and decreases hydrogen bonding between the molecules, similar to what happens when water is exposed to magnets.


Now why do the devotees come with a tender coconut?

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas. It is form of bloodless sacrifice. The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma.  For the uninitiated –it is just a pure offering to god.
Rather the purest as faster than light, neutrinos don't pass through it.  Because of its capacity to dissolve numerous substances in large amounts, pure water rarely occurs in nature.

Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through our intentions— concept of “mind over mater”.  While breaking the coconut the devotee must INTEND as per the vedic traditions.  This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix, this energy is transferred to our DNA.  

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the zero point field- a vast unharnessed energy source .  We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe.  Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things.

 Your intention ( basically an impulse ) is a powerful activator of your internal pharmacy. “Deliver us from evil” is the usual intention . Each individual mind has access to the universal mind.  Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.  We literally resonate the Cosmos.

The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. 

Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether..  

Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure eight in the shape of a möbius coil. When an electric current flows through the wires in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires cancel each other and create a scalar wave 

The möbius coil intersection occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a huge web-like network of capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a battery for the storage of scalar waves.

DNA is a self-calibrating antenna working by phase conjugate ( scalar waves and phase conjugation) adaptive resonance , capable of both receiving and transmitting quantum holographic information , stored in the form of diffraction patterns-quantum holograms.

Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency. Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.

Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them.

Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns. Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the universe. Remember, our wishes and our intentions create our reality.

WHEN YOU BREAK THE COCONUT YOU MUST SHUT OFF YOUR INTERNAL MIND-MONKEY CHATTER, BE IN THE MOMENT FOR THE BRIEF ALPHA STATE WITHOUT EGO , MAKE YOUR " INTENTION" RING THE TUNING FORK OF YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -- 



--TO RESONATE TO THE QUANTUM LEVEL ENERGY MATRIX AND UNLEASH THE SCALAR WAVES AT THE SPEED OF THOUGHT , LIKE A TSUNAMI -- NAY --SOLITON-- INTO THE FABRIC OF SPACE TIME , TO DO ITS OWN MIRACLE.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST, JAINISM IS SECOND OLDEST RELIGION , CHAKRAVARTI SAMRAT BHARATA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BHARATVARSHA  WORLD KINGDOM  ,  BHARATA ELDEST SON OF EMPEROR RISHABA AND ELDER BROTHER OF BAHUBALI , ABHIGNANA SHAKUNTALA  A  FAKE SANSKRIT PLAY WRITTEN BY ROTHSCHILD’S AGENTS  ,  VARDHAMANA MAHAVIRA THE 24TH THIRTHANKARA ,  FAKE  NINE GEMS OF  NON-EXISTANT  KING VIKRAMADITYA OF 600 AD ,  RISHABHA  FOUNDER OF JAINISM AND THE FIRST JAIN THIRTHANKARA ,  KALIDASA PROPAGANDIST  GERMAN POET JOHANN WOLFGANG VON  GOETHE -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



To understand Kalidasa , here is a nice joke.

Several centuries ago, the Pope decided in all his wisdom that all the Jews had to leave the Vatican. 

Naturally there was a big uproar from the Jewish community. 

So the Pope cut a deal a juicy deal.

He would have a religious debate with any chosen member of the Jewish community. If this Jew won, the Jews could stay.  If the Pope won, the Jews would have to leave.

The Jews realized that they had no choice.

So they picked an elderly aged man named Moishe to represent them.  Rabbi Moishe's Latin wasn't very good - in fact, he knew very little --- but he was a man of great faith and well respected in the Jewish community.

The pope agreed. What could be easier than a silent debate?

The day of the great debate came.

Moishe and the Pope sat opposite each other for a full minute sizing up each other , before the Pope raised his hand and showed three fingers.  Moishe looked back at him and raised one finger.

The Pope waved his fingers in a circle around his head. Moishe pointed to the ground where he sat.
The Pope pulled out a wafer and a glass of wine. Moishe pulled out an apple.

The Pope stood up and said, "I give up. This man is just too good. The Jews can stay."

An hour later, the cardinals were all around the Pope asking him what happened.

The Pope said: "First I held up three fingers to represent the Trinity.  He responded by holding up one finger to remind me that there was still one God common to both our religions. 

Then I waved my finger around me to show him that God was all around us.  He responded by pointing to the ground and showing that God was also right here with us. 

I pulled out the wine and the wafer to show that God absolves us from our sins.  He pulled out an apple to remind me of original sin.

He had an instant answer for everything. What could I do?"

Meanwhile, the Jewish community had crowded around Moishe. "What happened?" they asked.

"Well," said Moishe, "First he said to me that the Jews had three days to get out of here. I told him that not one of us was leaving. 

Then he told me that this whole city would be cleared of Jews. I let him know that we were staying right here."

"And then?" prodded a Jewish woman.

"I don't know," said Moishe. "He took out his effin’ lunch and so I took out mine."

Here is the juicy Kalidasa’s story cooked up by the white invader.

Kalidasa was an imbecile who once sat on a tree branch and cut it with a axe, causing him to have a mighty fall.

The king's daughter was a very learned lady and said that she will marry him who will defeat her in `shaastraartha' (debate on the scriptures).

Anyone who gets defeated will be black faced, head shaven and kicked out of country on a donkey.
So, the pundits , who hated this vain princess with a sharp tongue, decided to have some fun and took the idiot Kalidasa for the debate.

They however said that Kalidasa accepts only mute debates.

They sat facing each other.  The princess showed him one finger, meaning `shakti is one'.

The moron Kalidasa thought that she was threatening to poke him in the eye.

So he showed two fingers—meaning that if she pokes in one of his eyes , he would retaliate by poking her in both her mangy eyes.

She accepted it as valid answer, since `shakti' is manifest in duality (shiv-shakti ).

She showed her the palm with fingers extended like in a slap.

Thinking that the princess has upped the ante ( without as much as by your leave ) he showed her his fist.  Meaning , bitch , if you slap me, I will rearrange your face.

She accepted this too as a valid answer.  She said `five elements' and he said `make the body' (earth, water, fire, air, and void).

So they get married and on the wedding night she finds out he is a dimwit who does NOT even know what to do in bed.

So she kicks him out of the house.

He straightaway went to Kali's temple and cut his tongue at her feet.  Kali was appeased with him and granted him profound wisdom BLAH BLAH.

A POET LIKE KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST IN INDIA IN 6TH CENTURY AD ,  BEFORE THAT OR AFTER THAT..

Rather nobody in India knew about Kalidas till Rothschild’s pet poet Goethe went to town praising his works.  Max Muller , the employee of Rothschild who was involved in the creation of Kalidasa out of thin air, later got a bit pissed off by Goethe’s overdrive and remarked that there are better works in Sanskrit in India, gathering dust .

Emperor Vikramaditya of 7000 BC was kicked back in time by 7600 years to create Kalidasa , the personal poet of King Vikramaditya , as one of the 9 gems of his court. 

The white man injected poison everywhere that King Vikramaditya personally went to Kalidasa’s house on his horse to pick him up.

It must be known that in 7000 BC ,Emperor Vikramaditya of Ujjain ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam. 

Emperor Bharata before him ruled the whole world , we call as Bharatavarsha. He was the eldest son of Emperor Rishaba , whom the Jains consider as the founder of Jainism and the first Thirtankara.

Kalidasa wrote a play about Shakuntala and her son Bharat, and thus converted India ( Bharat ) as a very late entity.  After all Dhanwantari was planted as one of the 9 gems . Wikipedia had dated Dhanwantari , as a mere medicant of King Vikramaditya. 

While in reality Dhanwantari the god of Ayurveda came out of the cosmic ocean after Samudra Manthan, of antiquity.  In Kerala every Ayurvedic doctor pays tribute at the temple of Dhanwantari at Nelluvaya ( 20 km from Guruvayur temple ) after graduation at the college. This temple existed even before Lord Parashurama came to Kerala in 4000 BC.

After Samudra manthan happened the avatar of Vishnu, Dhanwantari rose from the oceans holding in his 4 hands, a Sudharshan Chakra ( scalar interferometry discus ), a Shankh or conch which resonates at 7.83 hertz Schumann resonance,  an amrit kalasha ( pot of ambrosia ) , and a LEECH.  Why leech – why a worm?  Why not something better to accompany the other 3 deadly gifts.

To find out the answer punch into Google search –

EDWARD JENNER  THE LEECH VADAKAYIL

It has been the endeavor of the white Christian invader to make Indians feel inferior. There was this imminent need to show that the big bang happed on 4004 BC as per the bible. 

So in addition of the god of Ayurveda Dhanwantari, King Vikramaditya of 600 AD (sic), also had ancient stalwarts ( as per Wikipedia NAVARATNAS ) like Varahamihira, Vararuchi too pushed forward in time.

To know about Varahamihira of 2660 BC, punch into Google search - MIHIRA MUNI  THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

and

To know more about Vararuchi of 2800 BC, the astronomer and math guru in the ancient university , punch into Google search- VEDIC HINDU FIRE TEMPLE OF BAKU ATESHGAH AZERBAIJAN  VADAKAYIL


--and read about the Bhojshala Saraswati temple, usurped by Mulsim invaders , which has more value that the Babri masjid .  

Find out what is the amazing KATAPAYADI  and PARAL PERU is all about ( I have put an explanation is the comments column of the above post ).


None of the Jains have objected to the Rothschild ( Max Muller ) attempt to project Chakravarti  Bharat as the son of Shakuntala.

The white Christian invader has placed Lord Buddha at 563 BC. Actually Buddha was born much earlier in 1900 BC.

The white Christian invader has called Lord Mahavira as the founder of Jainism. This is absolutely wrong.   
Emperor  Rishabha ( Adinath ) , the father of Chakravatri Bharata is the founder of Jainism in 8190 BC, and is the first Thirthankara. 

Rishabha is mentioned in the Hindu text of the Bhagavata Purana , Vaishnava / Shaiva Puraņas, and several other ancient texts.  

The great  scholar Dr. S. Radhakrishnan, ex-president of IndianUnion, had written, "Jain tradition ascribes the origin of the system to Rishabhadeva, the first Tirthankara. The Yajurveda and Bhagawata Purana mentions the name of Rishabha "

The white historian has put Mahavira as a contemporary of Buddha at 599 BC. This is wrong .  First of all Mahavira was just a reformer.  He was the 24th Thirtankara .  And he was born in 4500 BC.  

Mahavira fasted to death ( salekhana) at Pavapure (near modern Patna).

The white historian even mistakes Mahavira statue for Buddha.  Mahavira is always shown naked , while Buddha is always fully clothed.



The lineage is as follows-

SVAYAMBHUVA  MANU  ( 8275 BC ) — PRIYA VARTA ( 8255 BC )-  AGNIDHARA – NABHI RAJA --  RISHABHA (8190 BC )   – BHARATA ( 8165 BC ) .

I have heard that Viśvāvasu, the great Gandharva, his mind stupefied with infatuation, fell from his vimana after seeing your daughter ( Devahuti daughter of Svayambhuva Manu ) playing with a ball on the roof of the palace, for she was indeed beautiful with her tinkling ankle bells and her eyes moving to and fro.-- (SB 3.22.17)

Bharat ( along with India) is the official English name of Republic of India and Bharata Gaṇarajya is the official Sanskrit name of our country. The first clause of the Indian Constitution begins with the words:  “ India, that is Bharat,….”

Rishabh was born to Merudevi,  Bharat was born to Rishabh,  Bharatvarsha was named from Bharat, and Sumati arose from Bharat.  ( Vishnu Purana 2.1.31 )

This country is known as Bharatavarsha,Since the time the father entrusted the Kingdom to the son, And himself went to the forest for ascetic practices.  ( Vishnu Purana 2.1.32 )

This fact has been attested by the Vishnu Puran (2,1,31), Vayu Puran (33,52), Ling Puran (1,47,23), Brahmand Puran (14,5,62), Agni Puran ( 107,11-12), Skanda Puran (37,57) and Markandeya Puran (50,41)

Emperor Rishabha has 100 sons and two daughters . His eldest son was Bharata from Sumangala and the eldest son from his second wife Sunanda was Bahubali.

King Nabhi built the great capital of Ayodhya ( of Babri Masjid fame ) 10000 years ago, for his son Rishabha , and Kuber spent a large amount of gold in building this.

ततश्च भारतं वर्षमेतल्लोकेषुगीयते
भरताय यत: पित्रा दत्तं प्रतिष्ठिता वनम
This country is known as Bharatavarsha since the times the father entrusted the kingdom to the son Bharata and he himself went to the forest for ascetic practices —(Vishnu Purana)

Chakravarti Bharata ( son of Sumangala ) conquered the whole world.



After conquering the world he sent a communication to his brothers to accept his order.  After an initial hesitation 98 brothers accepted Bharata’s order.

Now Bahubali ( son of Sunanda ) was left. When the messenger came to him with message he said – “O messenger! Go and tell your emperor Bharat that Bahubali isn’t like his brothers who became Sadhus leaving the kingdom.  

Finally emperor Bharat attacked on Takshshila kingdom of Bahubali. Army of both sides fought hard. Sometimes army of Bharat dominated army of Bahubali and sometimes vice versa. Seeing mass destruction in war it was decided that there should be a single combat between Bharat and Bahubali .  One who wins will be the only Chakravarti or "Emperor of Emperors".

In all the stages of battle Bharat had to face terrible defeat at the hands of his younger brother Bahubali in all these fights. 

When a point came that Bahubali must give a lethal strike on his elder half brother Bharata, he raised his hand . He felt that his own sister Sundari and step sister Brahmi ( of script Brahmi Lipi fame ) were on the side of Bharata.  

Instead of giving the final fatal blow, he suddenly uprooted  a large tuft of hair from his own head instead, thus declaring himself as a monk, stunning all .

After ruling for several years Bharata also became a wandering saint, like his father and brother..

Bahubali spent many years in meditation and severe penance. 

According to legend, he stood meditating for such a long time that anthills formed on the ground where he stood, snakes climbed on his head and creepers grew all over him. But he did not attain omniscience  ( keval jnaan) because he had an ego and indignation burn problem, that he stood on the ground owned by his brother Bharata.  

For this reason, he could not shed perception-obscuring delusions and obstructing karmas that influence the soul.  Finally one day Bharata came and reconciled with him, his ego vanished and he attained omniscience ( nirvana ).

Today pilgrims visit the colossal statue of Bahubali (Gomateshwar ) stands 59 feet high on the hill Vindhyagiri at Shravanabelgola near Mysore.  It is the tallest known monolithic statue in the world carved out of a single huge granite boulder. . 



The 1000th anniversary of the statue was observed between February 19 and 24, 1981, and the great head bathing ceremony was performed.  Bahubali “the would be Chakaravarti who chose to be a monk”, is revered by Hindus and Jains alike as an  ideal man who conquers selfishness, jealousy, pride and anger.

According to non-existant Kalidasa, India was named Bharata due to Bharata the son of Dushyanta and Shakuntala. This view is not supported by the Puranas.

The story of Shakuntala  has been added as an appendage in the Mahabharata ( Adiparva chapter ) by the white historian.   Raja Ravi Varma who painted the non-existent Radha ( mistress of Lord Krishna ) does the honours for Shakuntala too.

Kalidasa’s play Abhijñānaśākuntala (The Sign of Shakuntala) ( HIS LAST WORK) narrates the story..

QUOTE- King Dushyanta first encountered Shakuntala while travelling through the forest with his army. He was pursuing a male deer wounded by his weapon. Shakuntala and Dushyanta fell in love with each other and got married. Dushyanta left for his kingdom, promising to come back soon and take Shakuntala with him.


Shakuntala spent much time dreaming of her new husband and was often distracted by her daydreams. One day, a powerful rishi, Durvasa, came to the ashrama but, lost in her thoughts about Dushyanta, Shakuntala failed to greet him properly. Incensed by this slight, the rishi cursed Shakuntala, saying that the person she was dreaming of would forget about her altogether. 


As he departed in a rage, one of Shakuntala's friends quickly explained to him the reason for her friend's distraction. The rishi, realizing that his extreme wrath was not warranted, modified his curse saying that the person who had forgotten Shakuntala would remember everything again if she showed him a personal token that had been given to her.


Time passed, and Shakuntala, wondering why Dushyanta did not return for her, finally set out for the capital city with her father and some of her companions.  On the way, they had to cross a river by a canoe ferry and, seduced by the deep blue waters of the river, Shakuntala ran her fingers through the water.  Her ring slipped off her finger without her realizing it.

Arriving at Dushyanta's court, Shakuntala was hurt and surprised when her husband did not recognize her, nor recollected anything about her. She tried to remind him that she was his wife but without the ring Dushyanta did not recognize her. 

Humiliated, she returned to the forests and, collecting her son, settled in a wild part of the forest by herself. Here she spent her days while Bharata, her son, grew older. Surrounded only by wild animals, Bharata grew to be a strong youth and made a sport of opening the mouths of tigers and lions and counting their teeth.




Meanwhile, a fisherman was surprised to find a royal ring in the belly of a fish he had caught. Recognizing the royal seal, he took the ring to the palace and, upon seeing his ring, Dushyanta's memories of his lovely bride came rushing back to him. He immediately set out to find her and, arriving at her father's ashram, discovered that she was no longer there. 

He continued deeper into the forest to find his wife and came upon a surprising scene in the forest: a young boy had pried open the mouth of a lion and was busy counting its teeth. The king greeted the boy, amazed by his boldness and strength, and asked his name. He was surprised when the boy answered that he was Bharata, the son of King Dushyanta. The boy took him to Shakuntala, and thus the family was reunited.UNQUOTE ( Wikipedia )

Kalidasa was unknown to Indians , and his most well known work about Shakuntala  was the first work of Kalidasa to be translated into English from which was made a German translation in 1791 that evoked the often quoted admiration by Goethe.

If you read the English translations they look too perfect to be translated from Sanskrit , with rhymes, and the typical metering of Goethe.  


Kalidasa's verse knowledge is deep. He has used most of the known meters (chhanda) in Sanskrit. In one chapter he uses only one meter. The next chapter is in a new meter. The whole of `Meghadoota' is in `mandaa-krantaa' meter (2-2-2, 2-1-1, 1-1-1, 2-2-1, 2-2-1, 2-2).

Rothschild’s pet poet Goethe  took an extra-ordinary interests in Kalidasa's Abhijñānaśākuntalam, which was the first works of Sanskrit literature that became known in Europe,  after being translated from English to German.

German Jew Goethe gushes-
Willst du die Blüthe des frühen, die Früchte des späteren Jahres,
Willst du, was reizt und entzückt, willst du was sättigt und nährt,
Willst du den Himmel, die Erde, mit Einem Namen begreifen;
Nenn’ ich, Sakuntala, Dich, and so ist Alles gesagt.—Goethe

Wouldst thou the young year's blossoms and the fruits of its decline
And all by which the soul is charmed, enraptured, feasted, fed,
Wouldst thou the earth and heaven itself in one sole name combine?
I name thee, O Sakuntala! and all at once is said.

No orthodox Hindu ever used the name of Kalidasa in India in 600 AD or before.

No Hindu Sanskrit scholar would write about Shiva and Parvati ( eroticism ) the way it was done by Kalidasa. 

#########################

Digression:-
Nowadays the Christian white man is busy writing erotic stories of “the consummation of the marriage between Mohammed the Prophet and his first child wife Aisha” on the Internet.  They take care to be anonymous, lest they lose their head at the sharp end of a sword.  

Wikipedia is bold enough to write-  punch into google search AISHA WIKIPEDIA

 QUOTE Aisha was six or seven years old when she was betrothed to Muhammad, and nine when the marriage was consummated . They bathed in the same water and he prayed while she lay stretched out in front of him. UNQUOTE


And if you punch into Google search MUHAMMAD’S WIVES  WIKIPEDIA , it reads--

QUOTE Muhammad  and his family lived in small apartments adjacent the mosque at Medina. Each of these were six to seven spans wide (5.5 feet) and ten spans long (7.5 feet). The height of the ceiling was that of an average man standing. The blankets were used as curtains to screen the doors.[77] According to an account by Anas bin Malik said, "The Prophet used to visit all his wives in a round, during the day and night and they were ELEVEN in number."UNQUOTE 

They further list the names of Muhammad’s wives too –
1)Khadija bint Khuwaylid ( at the age of 25) 
2)Sawda bint Zamʿa
3)Aisha bint Abi Bakr ( at the age of 53 )
4)Hafsa bint Umar
5)Zaynab bint Khuzayma
6)Hind bint Abi Umayya
7)Zaynab bint Jahsh
8)Juwayriyya bint al-Harith
9)Rayhana bint Zayd
10)Safiyya bint Huyayy
11)Ramla bint Abi Sufyan
12)Maria al-Qibtiyya

13)Maymuna bint al-Harith ( at the age of 60)

############################

And pray why is Kalidasa so familiar with Greek astronomy?

Kumarasambhava , is concerned with the events that lead to the marriage of the god Shiva and Parvati, daughter of the Himalaya. This union was desired by the gods for the production of a son, Kumaara, god of war, who would help them defeat the demon Taraka.  The gods induce Kama, god of love, to discharge an amatory arrow at Shiva who is engrossed in meditation.  

Angered by this interruption of his austerities, he burns Kaama to ashes with a glance of his third eye.  But love for Parvati has been aroused, and it culminates in their marriage. The last few cantos are usually omitted from printed versions, being of an excessively erotic and grossly sexual nature. 

This is especially true of Canto VIII where the embraces of the newly-wedded divine couple are dwelled upon in vivid and coarse detail.  Is there any reason to glorify lust between a God Lord Shiva and his wife Goddess Parvati?  It is NO shringaara- fu#kin' -rasa by any stretch of imagination.

Dr S. Radhakrishnan th ex-President of India and an eminent scholar wrote  QUOTE `Whichever date we adopt for him ( Kalidasa ) we are in the realm of reasonable conjecture and nothing more.   Kalidasa speaks very little of himself, and we cannot therefore be sure of his authorship of many works attributed to him.  We do not know any details of his life.  Numerous legends have gathered round his name, which have no historical value'UNQUOTE.

The British went overboard in hailing Kalidasa as the Indian Shakespeare.  

Why not -- the English verses of Kalidasa read exactly the way a British poet would write in times of Goethe.  

This is NOT the style of Sanskrit poets of 600 AD.

Mr Horace Hayman Wilson was the first to translate Kalidasa into English in the year 1813.  An excerpt from his so called reverse translation:

“Pleased on each terrace dancing with delight
The friendly peacock hails thy grateful flight:
Delay then, certain in Ujjain to find
All that restores the frame or cheers the mind,
Hence with new zeal to Siva homage pay,
The God whom earth, and hell, and heaven obey:
For at his shoulders like a dusky robe,
Mantling impend thy vast and shadowy globe:
Where ample forests, stretched its skirts below,
Projecting trees like dangling limbs bestow:
And vermeil roses fiercely blooming shed
Their rich reflected glow, their blood-resembling red.”

Is above verse an ancient Indian Sanskrit scholar style by any stretch of imagination?

British stooge and Nobel Prize winner, Rabindranath Tagore gushes on and on about Kalidasa- though the rest of India were wondering who the mysterious and anonymous . Kalidasa could be and Sanskrit scholars were left arguing about when he lived, and the dates being discussed are half a millennium apart.  KD Sethna in his book entitled , " Problems of Ancient India " ,  lists the time of Kalidasa as one of the 11 unsolved problems of ancient India .

Punch into Google search – NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE VADAKAYIL

British stooge Tagore writes about Kalidasa’s Meghadoota.-
In a gloomy closed room I sit alone
And read the Meghadoota,
My mind leaves the room,
Travels on a free-moving cloud,
Flies far and wide…

Tagore begins his poem by addressing Kalidasa:
Ah, supreme poet,
That first hallowed day of Ashadha
On which in some unknown year
You wrote your Meghadoota…

He gushes further-

Dark layered sonorous clouds
Heaping the misery of separated lovers
Into thunderous music.

Who can say what thickness of clouds that day,
What festiveness of lightning,
What wildness of wind,
Shook with their roar the turrets of Ujjayini?

Long-repressed tears seem to have poured down
In torrents that day
And drenched your noble stanzas.

Kalidasa is portrayed as the follower of the Vedic Sanatana dharma.  He believed in the four social castes. So this means the white Christian invader did NOT inject the poison of caste system ,right?  See, eminent poets like Kalidasa wrote about the caste system..

Kalidas wrote seven works ( sic).  'Kumarasambhava' and 'Raghuvamsha' are his two epic poems. 'Malavikagnimitra', 'Vikramorvashiya' and 'Abhijnana Shakuntala' are his plays.  'Meghaduta' and 'Ritusamhara' are also poetic works .

The white invader did a fake back dated  Aihole Inscription dated 634 AD, which mentions Kalidasa as a contemporary and a court-poet of King Vikramaditya. Well in this internet age , the poison inected inscription is now flushed into the sewage tank of Indian history.



Kalidasa’s so called work , bear a strange resemblance to the Brahmin Sanskrit scholar Ashwaghosha literary works—in which there was NIL eroticism.



If you want to know more about Radha, the non-existent mistress of Lord Krishna  , punch into google search- 
HOLI CELEBRATIONS  IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

Jainism HAS BEEN hijacked by rich ATHEIST Jains who were Opium drug running agents of Rothschild who had the money to subvert the religion. 

Today Jainism rejects the idea of a SUPREME creator deity responsible for the manifestation and creation of this universe.  

According to this Zionist injected Jain doctrine, the universe and its constituents (soul, matter, space, time, and principles of motion) have always existed.   

Jainism was used to attack and run down gods of Hinduism by the white invader .


Jainism has heavenly beings (devas), but these beings are not viewed as creators,  they are subject to suffering and change like all other living beings, and must eventually die.
********************************************************************
THE MESSIAH COMPLEX – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MOSES SYNDROME ,   GOD OR AVATAR COMPLEX  ,  MEGALOMANIA ,  DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


The world will be a better place if you understand what I write here.  

I will leave this post a  bit unedited so that you apply your mind,  rather than read it like a bed time story.  

This post is for thinkers only.



There are many pussies who look at themselves in the mirror and see a lion.



Yet there are many pussies , who know that they are pussies,  yet agree to portray themselves like a lion in public-- for vested reasons. 

My readers will remember that I was the only man on the Internet initially to go hammer and tongs against Anna Hazare.   

After a huge success in crowd pulling at New Delhi,  he went hopetty hop to Mumbai for an encore.   

Thanks to public awareness this time, regarding foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs, Magsaysay award reasons etc  -- there were more of his volunteers than crowds in the huge maidan.  

Since then Anna Hazare has lost his Messiah syndrome.

Punch into Google search- BABA RAMDEV AND ANNA HAZARE TEAM UP VADAKAYIL

--to check out a series of blog posts , to warn the Indian public.



In Delhi when Anna Hazare broke his fast, the people were shouting deliriously  “Gandhiji Amar Rahe, Anna Hazare Zindabad”.

History is full of such delusional people suffering from the messiah syndrome.  It is time to recognize who these people are and revolt against them and their dangerous fantasies because they will destroy you and even make you a slave.

We Indians have already suffered under a Rothschild created messiah by the name of Gandhi. According to Gandhi’s ahimsa ( non-violence ) , it was OK to kill Germans , but NOT at all OK to kill the Brits who had make us their slaves and robbed us blind.  

Gandhi was brainwashed and imported to India from South Africa where he recruited Indian soldiers enmasse for both the world wars, to support Rothschild ( the owner of British East India company ) in creating the state of Israel. 

111000 Indian soldiers were killed in WW1 and 243000 Indian soldiers were killed in WW2-- to shore up the evil British masters.

Gandhi did NOT drive away the Brits. This happened due to an event deleted from history both by the Brits and by stooge Indian leaders.  It did NOT suit both the parties.


Gandhi had attracted Rothschild’s attention from South Africa by actively encouraging the British to raise an Indian regiment for use against the Black Zulus, contrary to his image of a non-violent leader.

Punch into Google search THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946  THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL

George Orwell opened his classic 1949 essay on Gandhi with a brilliantly provocative line “Saints should always be judged guilty until they are proved innocent”

There is something called self appraisal.

Wanna know of a smart way—well here is a joke.

A boy went to a telephone booth which was at the cash counter of a store and dialed a number.  

The store-owner eaves dropped  the conversation:

Boy:  “Lady, can you give me the job of cutting your lawn?”

Woman: (at the other end of the phone line) “I already have someone to cut my lawn.”

Boy: “Lady, I will cut your lawn for half the price than the person who cuts your lawn now.”

Woman: “I’m very satisfied with the person who is presently cutting the lawn.”

Boy: ( raising his tone, and with more force ) “Lady, I’ll even sweep the floor and the stairs of your house for free.”

Woman: “No, thank you.”

With a smile on his face, the boy replaced the receiver.  The store-owner, who was listening to all this, walked over to the boy.

Store-owner: “ Son…. I love  your attitude.  I like that positive spirit and would like to offer you a job.”

Boy: “No thanks.”

Store-owner: “But you were really begging for one.”

Boy: “No Sir, I was just checking my performance at the job I already have.  I am the one who is working for that lady I was talking to!”

Alexander's closest friend Hephaestion, got terribly jealous when Alexander started sleeping with a hermaphrodite ( she-male ) by the name of Bagoas, ( his  eromenos ) during their war campaign.  

After the death of Hephaestion,  Alexander the Great began to exhibit signs of acute megalomania and paranoid schizophrenia.  His extraordinary achievements, coupled with his own ineffable sense of destiny and the flattery of his companions,  combined to produce this effect. 



The white historian wrote that Alexander had Indian king Porus on his knees.  

Reality is different.

Punch into Google search ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS VADAKAYIL


The woman said, “I know that Messiah” (called Christ) “is coming. When he comes, he will explain everything to us.”

Then Jesus declared, “I, the one speaking to you—I am he.” (John 4:25-26)

Jesus heard that they had thrown him out, and when he found him, he said, “Do you believe in the Son of Man?”

“Who is he, sir?” the man asked. “Tell me so that I may believe in him.”

Jesus said, “You have now seen him; in fact, he is the one speaking with you.” (John 9:35-37)



You are from below; I am from above. You are of this world; I am not of this world. (John 8:23)

The works I do in my Father’s name testify about me, but you do not believe because you are not my sheep. My sheep listen to my voice; I know them, and they follow me. I give them eternal life, and they shall never perish; no one will snatch them out of my hand. (John 10:25-28)

Then Jesus came to them and said, “All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me”. (Matthew 28:18)

Anyone who loves their father or mother more than me is not worthy of me; anyone who loves their son or daughter more than me is not worthy of me. (Matthew 10:37)



Have you noticed , recently “ so called enviromentalists “ feel the dire need to “save” the planet from evil human beings.  

Most of the people who push these ideas seriously suffer from the Messiah complex.

They have a need to save something so they look around and find what looks like needs saving and then begin to promote it.  Some of these are just propped up by big brother, who profits financially by the efforts of these environmental messiahs.

Think of the polar bears and the right whales these people will tell you.  They want donations from you and me to help them save whatever needs saving.

Their real coup is to be able to get governments to give them money.  These people  usually get the followers to do whatever dirty work needs to be done and if you can get the people who don’t care about what needs to be save to do that work for them then they are really in the money.  They also offer solutions but these solutions are not real and just create more problems.

Al Gore is one of the High Priests of global warming.  How much sacrifice does he make to lower his CO2 emissions?  Zero – His CO2 emissions are approx 20 times higher than the average person.  

The priests of global warming travel to exotic places in jet aircraft of course which also emits high levels of CO2 yet they expect us – the minions – to use less energy and freeze to death in winter so they can live in luxury.  Rothschild even wrangled a Nobel prize for peace for Al Gore.



Punch into Google search-

THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING VADAKAYIL


Wanna know of a REAL unsung messiah?

Ever heard of Dr.Murugappa Channaveerappa Modi?

He gave free eye sight to 610564 people , who would have been blind.

He sought no fame or money or control.  With missionary zeal he got his own hands dirty.

The Guinness Book of World Records lists Modi as the "most dedicated doctor," for performing the highest number of eye surgeries.  He performed as many as 833 cataract operations in one day.

 He visited 46,120 villages and 12,118,630 patients, and performed a total of 610,564 operations to February 1993.

"When my time comes I would like to disappear silently" MC Modi said modestly.

He said- "Like a circus company I have toured all over India since 1943 to provide free eye relief service. In the process I have examined over 10 million patients and conducted over 700,000 eye operations, which I am told is a world record.  Somebody compared me to Henry Ford,  saying I had brought conveyor belt technology to the field of eye-care.  My way of looking at things has not been affected by the ageing process at all.  I am just an ordinary man.  I will serve as long as God wants me to.  For me, my patient is my god, the operating room is my temple and my instruments are my puja.  My work has therefore been my pilgrimage."  

He travelled to remote dusty  villages and towns to hold free eye camps.  He did NOT sit in front of a Gandhi picture and fast to get his pictures on TV.



Wanna know of an evil type of messiah, who used India as an open sore, and milked billions of dollars to be used for conversions worldwide?

Punch into google search –

DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL TERESA VADAKAYIL




Ever heard of Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda , who calls himelf Sam Pitroda? In 1984, he sold himself to Rajiv Gandhi who put him as his tech advisor . He instantly developed a Messiah Complex. He was literally ze  cat’s whiskers.

He had his first meeting with the Indian Tech minister Mr Unnikrishnan – a sharp and level headed politician, who had returned six times to Lok Sabha, from Badagara constituency, next to my hometown .

The entire group was waiting for Sam to appear.  And there he breezes in , fashionably late.  All must wait for the messiah right?  He tells the minister “ Hi , you must have heard of me , I am Sam Pitroda”.

In the meeting , his huge ego occupied the whole room and he rubbed everybody the wrong way.

Finally Unnikrishnan told him “ I do NOT need messiahs!! ”

After this electric shock Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda—OOPS—Sam got his messiah syndrome rearranged.

The waitress turned empress decided to use Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda –nay- Sam Pitroda on twitter to engage the Indian youth.  Sam would show Indian techies  how much the India had developed under the queen bee.

Well to cut a long story short, Satyanarayan Gangaram Pitroda –nay- Sam Pitroda got stung very badly, the youth of India let him have it, where it hurts the most .  They had been monitoring this messiah closely, apparently.

It is all right to be on top of an ivory tower and get rave reviews from monopolized media, it is a different thing when free speech is allowed .. It is NOT that the Indian youth is unruly , for Narendra Modi engages the youth on social media in an exemplary manner.



Unnikrishnan did NOT jump into conclusions. 

He observed this man carefully for the messiah syndrome.

There was a grandiose sense of self-importance. There was this tendency NOT to acknowledge imperfections. 

He required excessive admiration and respect . He had a sense of entitlement, i.e., unreasonable expectations of  automatic compliance with his expectations . 

There was this lack of  empathy - unwilling to recognize or identify with the needs of others . There was this arrogant attitude and inflated feeling of personal ability, privilege, or infallibility.

The messianic wish is not merely a general wish for improved conditions and for changes for the better, but the wish of that private person to become personally the redeemer of the world . It's a secret fondness to be noticed. It's a love of supremacy. It's drawing attention to themselves in conversation. It's enjoying being flattered by the team.

There was this noble impulse to come to rescue of the sufferers even when there is no real necessity. There was this fixation and obsession on "I," "me," "my" and "mine," and the need to to draw attention. There was this mental stubbornness ..There was this exaggeration of own importance and past achievements.

Messiahs try to set goals that are unrealistic . There is a  belief that all others in the team or those that surround you are subservient or in some way beneath you.. 

The messiah sees himself as the  one visionary who can save the world and restore utopia, even if they have to drag everyone else kicking and screaming to get there, because they are the only ones that understand things as they are.


Steve Jobs  was a narcissist who failed to grasp that his company belongs to its shareholders. A messianic CEOs can never come to see the company they run as being public-- they see the company as being theirs.  

Apple lived by their icon. They could have very well impaled themselves on this icon, for all we care. In my scheme of affairs glitzy I Pad and I Phone means nothing.

Without any formal training in electronics and computer science and without commensurate achievements a narcissist expects royal treatment. Unlike Bill Gates , Ste Jobs loved to see his name on top of every list.  He overexamined and downgraded other people, projects, statements, or dreams in an unrealistic manner.

Stebe Jobs could NOT settle upon a suitable successor, despite bad health . His messianic sense of self would not allow that process to be set in motion.

When he showed up at a staff party in the early eighties dressed as Jesus, there were no shortages of eye rolling going on.

Thank god Steve Jobs , (who will never drown out his inner voice ) , was NOT a leader in the pharmaceutical industry-- the rich man would have his fantastic medicines-- right? 

Here was a man  who overpriced everything he sold and sued everyone that made the product better.  Steve Jobs has listed himself as CO-INVENTOR of 103 separate Apple patents. Just like Edison who never invented a single thing, but has maximum patents in his name -- everything was done by the scientists he employed, but hogged all credit for himself.

Calling him a visionary is an insult to people like Nikola Tesla who really are. Never confuse invention with innovation. Furthermore never confuse innovation with glorified craftmanship.

He denied his  own once-illegitimate daughter and she had to live on welfare for 2 years because he just being himself.  He even denied paternity by claiming he was sterile.

Why do people all over the world use Windows?  Because Steve Jobs was being himself when his king sized ego forced him to lock Apple out of the market.



Any idiot can surround himself with outstanding geniuses in the field and harrass them in a mean manner, till they deliver a damn good product--and then claim all the credit for himself. This is only possible in an organisation which Steve Jobs lead , where there was NIL transparency and everything is on a strict "need to know" basis.

Steve Jobs had this grandiose sense of self-importance.  Narcissism, also called malignant self love-- the trait of excessive self-love, is rooted in ego. Narcissistic personality disorder is closely linked to self-centeredness. . He is interpersonally exploitative, i.e., takes advantage of others to achieve his or her own ends . 
A narcissist is preoccupied with fantasies of unlimited success, power and brilliance. Low self esteem in childhood could be the  underlying cause of narcissistic behavior in adult life, when you are doing well.  Beneath the cover of superiority, which is in fact a fragile ego state built to support and sustain, lays insecurity, inadequacy, shame and even fear. 

They react  to criticism with anger, shame, or humiliation.

A narcissist lacks empathy and is unwilling to recognize or identify with the feelings of others.  Arrogance is in the blood.  They have difficulty separating issues from their ego or personal reactions to the topic.  

No wonder when he came to India as a young hippie he got bashed up by the public.

There is this true story about “aSshole “ Steve Jobs. He had to interview a young candidate who applied for a job.

He sarcastically starts off by asking “How old were you when you lost your virginity?"

The candidate was taken aback, bu kept quiet.

“What did you say?” “Are you a virgin?” Jobs asks again.

Now the candidate was really flustered.

Steve Jobs attacks again  “How many times have you taken LSD?”

One of the panel Hertzfeld recalled, “The poor guy was turning varying shades of red, so I tried to change the subject and asked a straight forward technical question.”

But when the candidate started responding , Jobs crashes in again and snarls “Gobble, gobble, gobble, gobble,”.

So the poor gut tells Smith and Hertzfeld. “I guess I’m not the right guy here!” .

He got up quietly and left-- happy to be away from this control freak.

This is what you must do when attacked personally by the messiah —just pull the dang plug.

I am sure many of my readers understand and have experienced corporate narcissism . This occurs when a narcissist becomes the leader (CEO) or a member of the senior management team and gathers an adequate mix of co-dependents around him to support his narcissistic behavior.  




Have you seen the thick skinned and desh drohi coterie around the waitress turned empress?

Few of the people who suffer from the messiah syndrome actually are clinical cases suffering from schizophrenia, a mental disorder distinguished by a loss of contact with reality and the occurrence of psychotic behaviors, including hallucinations and delusions.   

Grandiose delusions are frequently found predominantly in paranoid schizophrenia, in which a person has an extremely exaggerated sense of his or her significance, personality, knowledge, or authority.  Think of the people who have revelatory driven experiences and even started new religions.

Most of the time after these people die, some opportunists create a false legacy, write a holy book , creating a propaganda that they actually heard the dead guy saying all this.  The dead messiah need NOT be even literate.  They then call it the gospel.  

Bipolar disorder is a severe affective dysregulation, or mood states that sway from exceedingly low (depression) to exceptionally high (mania). In the most severe form, known as psychotic mania, the bipolar patient may hear voices and have grandiose delusions such as "I am the son of God".

The last in the line of messiahs’ is the founder of the Mormon religion.  A Mormon by the name of Mitt Romney almost became US president recently.




Punch into Google search MORMONS  BANKROLLED BY ROTHSCHILD  VADAKAYIL

Grandiose delusions , where the person has a greatly out-of-proportion sense of their own worth in the world are related to lesions of the frontal lobe. While temporal lobe lesions have been mainly reported in patients with persecution mania. The Jew sees himself as 'the eternal victim' of persecution, although he is more likely to be the persecutor, rather than the persecuted. This reverse-thinking is a typically Jewish delusion.






Messiah Complex may also refer to a person who has formed a habit of "creating" crisis in a given culture, only to later "rescue" or "save" the poor helpless soul upon whom the crisis has been perpetrated.

How do you spot a person with the messiah complex as opposed to a good Samaritan who sees a dire need and tries to fix it?  People with a Messiah complex tend to be controllers and manipulators. They will use emotional triggers e.g. “We must do it for our children” and “Think of the penquins ” etc.  

The Messiah complex is the will, intention, compulsion to be a messiah, to be the redeemer and savior of the world. He believes that he is the one destined to deliver the goods.  He needs to taking advantage of others to reach own goals.  

He requires constant attention and positive reinforcement from others. He thrives on excessive admiration and is in the lookout for fans and fathu publicity.  He believes in his invulnerability or does not recognize his limitations. He creates a belief that he is carrying a heroic burden on his head.  

The Messiah complex does not carry any danger to life as long as it does not grow into mania.  When the messiah complex tends to grow into the stubborn maniac syndrome, preventive medical assistance is called for, for such people can be the cause of serious troubles in society.   He feels that a certain divine “chosen” mission is confined to him and that he has to fulfill it at any cost  

Have you ever checked the psyche of the Naxal supporters—like Arundhati Roy?.

Sigmund Freud suffered from the  messiah complex himself. He created many psychological theories, mostly lifting them from Vedic texts (without proper understanding).  He wanted to save humanity from these terrible conditions.

The megalomaniac differs from the narcissist by the fact that he wishes to be powerful rather than charming, and seeks to be feared rather than loved. To this type belong many lunatics and most of the great men of history.  Narcissistic individuals use various strategies to protect the self at the expense of others. They tend to devalue, derogate and blame others, and they respond to threatening feedback with anger and hostility.


The superiority complex is one of the ways which a person with an inferiority complex may use as a method of escape from  his difficulties.  He assumes that he is superior when  he is not, and this false success compensates  him for the state of inferiority which he cannot bear.  

The Ego Complex stems from the conviction that ‘I am the center of the Universe’ and that one`s own desires should be satisfied instantly, whereas those of the others might wait.


Messiah claimants are a major tradition in Judaism.  Because the messianic vocation is such an essential component in Jewish national striving, it becomes not just a part of the national consciousness, but also a part of the private consciousness.  And even if it does not find its expression in overt and explicit thought, it nevertheless finds its expression as an incoherent and hidden striving, as a messianic complex.


Moses suffered from the messiah complex. For 40 long years he led his people round and round , when all it required was a few days of good leadership spirit and a hop step and jump from Egypt to Palestine.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SHUKRACHARYA IS AHURA MAZDA GOD OF THE PARSIS, INDIAN PROPHET ZOROASTER WROTE ZEND AVESTA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ZOROASTER OF 600 BC WHO MIRRORED HINDUISM AND CONVERTED DEVAS INTO BAD AND ASURAS INTO GOOD ,   FRENCH JEW AND ROTHSCHILD AGENT ABRAHAM HYACYINTHE ANQUETIL DUPERRON WHO EDITED ZEND AVESTA IN 1771 AD TO REMOVE CONNECTIONS TO SANSKRIT AND VEDAS FOR DIVIDE AND RULE ,  FIRST ZOROASTRIAN CONVERT PERSIAN KING VISHTASPA,   RIVALRY BETWEEN SHUKRACHARYA OF BHRIGU LINEAGE AND BRIHASPATI OF ANGIRASA LINEAGE ,  TOWER OF SILENCE,   Y CHROMOSOME DEGENERATION OF PARSIS DUE TO MINDLESS MIRRORING OF PARENT RELIGION –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Above Zoroaster: Why does NOT Zoroaster wear pants-- why does he wear the Indian rishi's dhoti?

To those who wonder who Maharishi Shukracharya ( God of Parsis Ahura Mazda ) is, I must tell them he is an essential part of Hindu Vedic texts. I am from Kerala.  We had an Asura king Mahabali, and Shukracharya was his personal advisor.

Punch into Google search - WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI  AJIT VADAKAYIL



In Kerala we do NOT celebrate Diwali which is celebrated by the rest of India.  It is interesting that in Kerala Christians and Muslims too celebrate Onam , the festival in lieu, which is to express gratitude to Asura King Mahabali.

Devas and the Asuras were always at loggerheads in ancient Hindu texts of India. Their enmity was deep rooted and they has constant wars.

Once in a fight between the devas and the asuras , the devas had the upper hand. The asuras went running to Maharishi Bhrighu’s ashram for refuge and .  Shukracharya’s mother Ushana ( wife of Bhrigu ) gave then shelter.

This ashram could NOT be attacked by anybody due to a divine protective shield bubble.  Maharishi Bhrigu and his son Shukracharya were both away at this time doing penance.

When Brighu returned , and he saw the asuras in his ashram everywhere . On hearing from his wife that they sought refuge on fear of death, he told her that she has done the right thing.

The devas under Indra went running to Lord Vishnu and complained.

Vishnu visited the ashram when Bhrigu and his son Shukracharya were not there.  He met Bhrigu’s wife and tried to convince here, that she should kick out the asuras from the ashram.

She did NOT agree to this as both her husband and her son have no problem with the asuras . Then  Vishnu told her that he would have to use the power of Sudarshana chakra ( a scalar howitzer ) to break the protective shield of the ashram and she should move out of her ashram. 

Bhrigu’s wife decided to stay put , since her husband and son were far way .  She knew she would die and she thought that getting death from Vishnu meant attaining moksha or deliverance.

Totally in a bind, Lord Vishnu used his Sudarshan Chakra and killed everybody in the ashram , including Shukracharya’s mother. 

Later Shukracharya, while putting fire to his mother’s pyre took a solemn vow of revenge with the devas and Vishnu.

This prompted him to side with the the Asuras .

Maharishi Bhrigu flew into a terrible rage and cursed Vishnu that he would have to be born several times on earth.  These are Vishnu’s avataras (incarnations).  As for his own wife, Bhrigu resurrected her through his yogic powers.

Shukracharya’s anger had been indeed brimming for a long time.

As a young boy Shukracharya studied the Vedas under Rishi Angirasa .  He was upset with Angirasa's favoritism towards his own son Brihaspati.  Brihaspati was always graded higher than him, Shukracharya was better than Brihaspati when it came to merit.

In a deep sulk he left Angirasa's ashram and went to learn under Maharishi Gautama.  Since then, he always had a professional rivalry with Brihaspati.  Even in mantric siddhis ,  Brihaspati was no match for Shukracharya and both knew this.  

When the devas ( gods ) need a guru , they chose Brihaspati .  Shukracharya who expected to be chosen became very bitter and spiteful.

In a knee jerk manner he offered his services as guru to the Asuras ( enemies of Devas ) and they grabbed it with both hands. This was the root cause of the Mahabharata war and other jealous races like Persians, Greeks and Romans outside India.

To make matters worse Devyani the daughter of Shukracharya, was rejected by the son of Brihaspati, Kacha.   She later married the legendary Somavanshi king Yayati.

In the time of the Mahabharata,  Shukracharya is mentioned as one of the mentors of Bhishma, having taught him political science in his youth.

Shukracharya is also connected to the Kumbh Mela.

The king of Gods ( Devas ) Indra was a bit of a egomaniac.  Once he was riding on his elephant Airavata when he bumped into a seer Durvasa Muni on the way, who was famous for his short fuse. Everybody was in awe of Durvasa, and he always wore tattered clothes due to a vow of insanity he was observing.
He had with him a garland of heavenly flowers given to him by a nymph. 

He tossed the garland towards Indra who placed it on his elephants head showing total insensitivity. The elephant was disturbed by the strange scent of the flowers and it threw down the garland on the ground and stamped on it.

Durvasa was upset seeing the gross disrespect and cursed Indra the king of the devas , and told him that he would be thrown down from his throne, exactly the same way the garland was thrown down.. He also cursed all the Devas and said that they all would soon lose their sheen. 

Indra immediately got down from the elephant and begged for forgiveness, but Durvasa would not retract the curse or even soften it, and went on his way..

When the Asuras  heard of this they were overjoyed, and they attacked the Devas under the leadership of Mahabali, (the King of Kerala ).  The Devas were thoroughly routed in battle and Mahabali became king of the universe.  The gods were scared and were told by Brahma to go to Vishnu for help.

Vishnu told them to strike a deal with the Asuras, and get them to join them as a team to churn amrit or ambrosia ( nectar of immortality ) from the oceans, and promise to share it 50-50 with them..  

And Vishnu would make sure that Asuras would NOT get a drop of it.  There was no other alternative as Sage Shukracharya the son of Bhrigu Rishi was on the side of the Asuras and was training them.

Shukracharya had a point to prove to the Devas who had spurned him when he offered his services to be their guru.  They chose Sage Brihaspati son of Maharishi Angira instead, despite knowing that he was second best.  Brihaspati is known in other cultures as Zeus  or Thor.

Lord Shiva had a mantra by the name of Sanjeevani.  This mantra was very powerful and could revive a dead man.  He would give it only to those who pleased him. One way to please him was to observe severe penance.

For example - hang upside down, on a high tree branch by your knees for one year.  If you fall asleep and drop down you break you neck. You cannot talk and cannot consume food . Right below smoke would be sent up from a bonfire of dry leaves. Nobody dared to do this penance. Shukracharya was determined to please Shiva and get hold of this mantra.

Everybody was keeping keen vigilance of this gruesome penance as the one year completion date was getting near.  The King of the Devas Lord Indra panicked and decided to play a bit dirty.  He sent his daughter Jayanti disguised as a brahmin woman past the sentries.

She threw some dry red  chillies into the fire without anybody noticing. The acrid fumes of the chillies made Shukracharyas eyes bleed- yet he continued hanging.  The woman was filled with remorse.  Lord Shiva unable to tolerate this foul play immediately appeared and gave Shukracharya the mantra as a boon. Now the Asuras were on a good wicket with Shukracharya as their guru, as they became immortal..

Shukracharya had a daughter called Devyani whom he dearly loved.  She was the best friend of the daughter (Sharmistha) of king of Asuras called Vrishparva.

Devyani and Sharmishtha were once amusing themselves in a lake.  King of Devas Indra decided to drive a wedge between Sukracharya and the Asuras. The two girls  had left their clothes on the bank.  Indra created a  breeze and mixed up the clothes.

When Princess Sharmishtha got out of the lake she put on Devayani’s underclothes clothes by mistake.  Devayani came out and told Sharmitha to remove her clothes and give it back to her in an abrasive manner and Sharmistha refused.



Devyani cried- “ How dare you . My father is your father’s teacher. Have some respect "

“I am not your inferior” replied Sharmishatha. “ Rather it is you who is my inferior.  My father is the king and your father thrives on my father’s generosity.  Your father is just a priest and poet who has to sing the glories of his king , my father".

The wedge driven by Indra, the king of devas worked and the two dear friends became spiteful enemies.
Sharmishtha got pissed off and flung Devyani into a well and left her there, taking her to be dead.

After some time King Yayati came to the forest on a hunt. He was thirsty and looked for some water. When he found the well, he discovered Devyani inside it crying.  He rescued Devyani. 



King Yayati fell headlong in love with this beautiful girl. Devyani confessed to being in love too and asked him to marry her.   King Yayati said, "Unless your powerful father gives you to me in marriage I cannot accept you as my wife." 

Shukracharya gave in to his daughter's request and agreed to give her away in marriage to King Yayati. 
As dowry he gave away Princess Sharmishtha.

Now how did the princess become a slave. ?

When Shukracharya got to know about his dear daughter being thrown into a dry well he was furious with princess  Sharmishtha .

Devayani went into a deep sulk , threw tantrums,  and threatened to commit suicide, if Sharmistha was not punished.

Shukracharya went to the Asura king , Sharmistha’s father and threatened to relinquish his job as Guru.
King Vrishaparva did his best to persuade Shukracharya not to leave them, but Shukracharya insisted that he would stay only if Devyani was pacified.

King Vrishaparva promised to give Devyani whatever it was that she wished for.  

“Sharmishtha has insulted me” cried Devayani.  “ She has called me her inferior and even tried to kill me.. My mind will be set at rest only if Sharmishtha serves me as a life long slave.."

The Asuras were terribly frightened because Shukracharya’s  departure as their Guru would mean loss of Sanjeevani Vidya and sure defeat and decimation at the hands of Devas.

Princess Sharmistha saw her father and her people was in a very difficult position and so she acquiesced.
King Vrishaparva had no choice but to agree to this conditon and Sharmistha became Devayani’s slave, together with one thousand other asura women.

After King Yayati and Devayani got married.  Shukracharya reminded King Yayati  “ Sharmishta is Devayani’s slave and you are married to my daughter. Under no circumstances you must get involved with Sharmistha or I will curse you.”

In due course, Devyani gave birth to children.    She ensured that Princess Sharmistha although a slave, always lived like a queen in the palace of Yayati.  Sharmishtha was given a place to live in a shaded glade called Ashok Vatika.  

Attractive Sharmishtha seduced Yayati and secretly married him. She too gave birth to children .

“How come you to have sons? “ asked Devyani one day  “Who is your husband?”

“My husband is a brahmana”, replied Sharmishtha. “I do not know his name”

But when Devayani asked her son Puru about his father, the truth came out.  He said that he is King Yayati’s son.  When Devyani came to know about the relationship of her husband Yayati and Sharmishtha behind her back , she felt shocked and betrayed

“You have broken a promise “ distraught Devayani told her husband King Yayati.   

Devyani went away to her father's house in tears .  Her father Shukracharya was terribly upset.

Yayati had gone against his express command and  had married Sharmishtha.

Shukracharya cursed Yayati that old age would set upon the king, although he was still in the prime of youth.
“Please do not curse me” begged Yayati. “ I am married to your daughter. I wish to live with her as her husband. Do you wish your son-in-law to be an old servant?”



“ My curse cannot be lifted ”, replied Shukracharya. “But I will try and mitigate the effects. I grant you the power that you can pass on this old age to whomsoever you wish”.

 It was this old age that his son Puru accepted.

King Yayati of Bharata race who was great ancestor of Pandavas of Mahabharat fame.  

Yayati got two sons from Devyani –
1. Yadu and
2. Turvasu.

Yayati got three sons from Sharmishtha –
1. Druhyu
2. Anu and
3. Puru.

The descendants of Yadu are called Yadavvanshi in which was born Lord Krishna .

Yayati had conquered the region of Sapta Sindhu.  His five sons Yadu, Druhyu, Puru, Anu and Turvashu correspond to the main tribes of the Rigveda of 5000 BC.

The descendants of Puru included the famous Kauravas and Pandavas of Mahabharata.  The Puru clan called Pauravas is mentioned in the Rigveda. RV 7.96.2 , and they flourished at the banks of the Sarasvati River.


The Druhyus , king Yayati’s lienage from his wife Shamristha are mentioned in the Rigveda. They lived in the  Saraswati river region and migrated North when the river dried up (became non-perennial ) in 4000 BC due to tetonic shift at the mouth of the river in the Himalayas.. They built the English Stonehenge and were called Druids.

Punch into Google search- MYSTERY OF STONEHENGE SOLVED  VADAKAYIL



Yayati was relieved at the reprieve he was given and confident that his sons would willingly exchange their youth with him.  Yayati went back to his kingdom.  Yayati requested all his five sons one by one to give their youth to him to enjoy worldly happiness.  

All the sons except Puru rejected his demand.  So Yayati took the youth of Puru .  Later after enjoying himself , Yayati accepted his old age and returned Puru’s youth. He blessed Puru for his devotion and obedience . He announced to the world that Puru was his only true son.  

Puru inherited the kingdom after Yayati.  His descendants were known as the Pauravas.  King Porus who fought with Alexander the great was a Paurava.

Zoroaster was an Indian ( 600 AD ) who made a religion of his own.  Like Buddha before him in 1900 BC. Just like Buddha he mirrored Hindusim.  

This is what happens when a faction breaks away.  Buddha converted the right handed Swastika of the Hindus , into a left handed Swastika for his breakaway religion.

The Hindu king mantra of OM, was converted by Judasim to SHALOM, the Christianity to AMEN, and by Islam to 786 ( show OM symbol into the mirror and you get 786 )

Punch into Google search VEDIC PRACTISES IN MECCA VADAKAYIL

The American English speaking white man , mirrored whatever the British of the homeland did.  If his forefather in Britain did something with his left hand, he would do it with his right hand.

Punch into Google search- YANKS AND POMMIES QUITE CONTRARY VADAKAYIL

In this case Zoroaster converted Hindu gods to his new religion’s demons and the Hindu demons into his gods.

First of all the Persians cannot say S—they say H.

Like how Japs cannt say L, they say R.

Like how Chinese cannot say R, they say L.

So aSura , the demon of Hinduism became Zoroaster’s aHura , the god.  

The God of Zoroaster’s religion in his holy book Zend Avesta is called aHura mazda.   

Ahura means God and Mazda means  masth ( great ) . There is no Z alphabet in Sanskrit ( or Malayalam ) and hence he chose Z  for S.

 Zoroastrianism was born as a revolt against the Vedic Hindu religious setup in India.  Zoroaster was born in India, with a good knowledge of Sanskrit, and NOT Persia or Mesopotamia.

The Hindu gods or DEVAS are considered evil people in Zend Avesta.  The evil Devas are lead by the evil Abhriman ( brahmAn , the supreme in advaita Hinduism ).

In later literature of Zend Avesta ,the good gods are called  Yazats. ( Rakshas of Hinduism ) .

Every Hindu god has his female counterpart of consort .  Zoroaster did NOT allow this.
  
The Zend Avesta is the neat disclosure of a missing and forgotten part of the Vedas.  Here is a sloka in both Vedas and Zend Avesta where not a single syllable is different. This was an oversight by Rothschild’s French agent Duperron who was told to sanitize Zend Avesta of all Sanskrit and Hindu connections. 

Divide and Rule at its very best best.

yadi antareekshe yadi vaate aasa yadi vriksheshu yadi bolapashu
yad ashravan pashava ud-yamaanam tad braahmanam punar asmaan upaitu

Atharva Veda 7:66;  Zend Avesta Prishni, Chapter 8, Gatha 12

Translation: O Lord! Whether you be in the sky or in the wind, in the forest or in the waves. No matter where you are, come to us once. All living beings restlessly await the sound of your footsteps.

And why not?

The Parsis behaved in such a way during the British rule , as if they had NOTHING to do with ancient India.
The community became very prosperous, and were the friends of the white Christian invader .  

64 Parsis were knighted by a grateful British invader before Independence.  Sir Dadabhai Naoroji, the first Asian to occupy a seat in the British Parliament.   Dadabhai Naoroji was a mentor to both Gopal Krishna Gokhale and Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi.

If you wanna know who these two Indian stooges are – punch into Google search-

MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY
And
DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL

The Parsis were persecuted by the Shia Muslims in Iran in the 8th cenrury AD. These beleaguered people sought refuge in India.  It was the case of an alienated brother coming back home. Never mind that very soon most of them would be ungrateful and  would be allies of the British invaders . 

In 2004 a DNA study was done. The Parsi mitochondrial DNA (matrilineal) was compared with that of the Iranians and Gujaratis . It was clear that the Parsis are genetically closer to Gujaratis than to Iranians.

When the Zoroastrians requested asylum,  the king Jadi Rana of Kathiawad-Saurashtra in Gujarat motioned to a vessel of milk filled to the very brim to signify that his kingdom was already full and could not accept refugees.

In response, one of the Zoroastrian priests added a pinch of sugar to the milk, thus indicating that they would not bring the vessel to overflowing and indeed make the lives of the citizens sweeter.

The Indian king asked them to explain their religious beliefs and customs, which they did.  The Rajput King Jadi Rana's enquiry into Zoroastrian beliefs and customs is said to have been satisfied by the recitation of fifteen Sanskrit verses (Shloka) that summarized the most important tenets of Zoroastrianism. These fifteen verses, together with another verse that is believed to have been the king's response to them, are collectively known to the Parsis as the "Sixteen Shloka".

The immigrants were granted permission to stay by the Hindu King Jadi Rana on the condition that they adopt the local language (Gujarati), that their women adopt local dress (the sari) and that they henceforth cease to bear arms .



The refugees accepted the conditions and founded the settlement of Sanjan, which is said to have been named after the city of their origin (Sanjan, near Merv, in present-day Turkmenistan).

This first group was followed by a second group, also from Greater Khorasan, within five years of the first, and this time having religious implements with them (the alat).

These Zoroastrians would request and receive permission from the king to establish a Fire Temple there. That fire, which would be moved to Udvada in the 18th century, is today considered to be the most important of its kind on the Indian subcontinent.

Jadi Rana's enquiry into Zoroastrian beliefs and customs is said to have been satisfied by the recitation of fifteen Sanskrit verses (Shloka) that summarized the most important tenets of Zoroastrianism. These fifteen verses, together with another verse that is believed to have been the king's response to them, are collectively known to the Parsis as the "Sixteen Shloka".


The  KISSE-I-SANJAN compiled several centuries after the arrival of the Parsis in India , from the oral heritage of various groups of Zarathushtis who arrived and received shelter in India is the only surviving record of this.

Punch into Google search THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIAN VADAKAYIL

Zoroastrians do NOT worship fire, as some people believe.  They use Fire as a symbol, or an icon, the focus of their worship.

To mirror from Hindusim, Zoroaster said that cremation causes the fire to become impure ( apparently he does NOT know even a bit of science ).  

Fact:  Unlike water or air or earth , fire can NEVER become impure. You can light off a burning corpse and have a nice barbecue.  The fire tongue still reaches upwards.

So his people had to be kept on high towers called “Tower of Silence “( dakhmas ) , where vultures would eat of the flesh and sun would dry the bones, before it is put down to earth .



A Parsi 3rd Officer who sailed with me managed to hide in the tower of silence of Mumbai at Malabar hill with two of his friends equipped with torches . At night they went up the tower to check out the dead bodies. 

What he told me I will NOT mention here. It gave me the shivers. He himself could NOT sleep for days together.



Dead bodies are arranged on the towers in three concentric circles. Men were placed in the outer circle, women in the middle and children in the inner-most ring. Vultures of Mumbai ate the flesh.The bones finally went into the sea by a watery tunnel.



Fifteen years before almost all the vultures disappeared from Mumbai’s skies, as they ate the dead bodies of cows injected with antibiotic Diclofenac . So nowadays many Parsis prefer to be cremated,  a practice Parsi priests believe is an abomination, as this is the basic pillar of their religion , that fire should NOT become impure ( sic!)..



There are a couple of skyscrapers where non-Parsis could watch the grisly scenes using telescopes –bodies lying like that for months together. When the wind blew the wrong way the stench was overpowering .  And hence air purifiers were installed to minimize the smell- only for moral support-- it did NOT do the job..



With hardly any vultures eating , the Parsi community in all their wisdom set up mirrors around the Towers of Silence to create something akin to solar ovens to accelerate decomposition. But the mirrors are ineffective during monsoon months.And the heat of the mirrors drove away even the eagles and the crows.

If you go on Google earth you can see the three Dakhmas within a 55 acre forested area of Malabar Hill in South Mumbai, India .



British East India Company owner German Jew Rothschild’s, French Jewish agent Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron was fluent in Sanskrit , Persian and Hebrew.


He stayed in India for seven years (1755–1761), where Parsi priests translated the Avesta for him .  He edited a French translation of that Persian translation in 1771, the first printed publication of Zoroastrian texts.  

He came to India on one of Rothschild’s ships and he was seated on the captain's table.

Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron landed, on 10 August 1755 at Pondicherry.  Here he remained a for a short time to brush up his Persian, and then hastened to Chandernagore to brush up his Sanskrit.

He went back and arrived in Paris on 14 March 1762 in possession of 180 oriental manuscripts, besides many other ancient Vedic books.



In 1771 he published his Zend Avesta (3 vols.), containing collections from the sacred writings of the Zoroastrians, a life of Zarathustra (Zoroaster), and fragments of works ascribed to Zoroaster.   He did his job of shearing off every Vedic and Sanskrit connection to this book, to delete all connections of Avesta with the Vedas.

In 1778 he also published a Latin translation of the Upanishads . In 1802 he published a Latin translation (2 vols.) from the Persian of the Oupnek'hat ( Upanishada).

Arthur Schopenhauer, one of many interested readers of this special version of fifty Upanishads, encountered this book in the spring of 1814 and repeatedly called it not only his favorite book but the work of the entire world literature that is most worthy of being read.



Many verses of Avesta slipped past Abraham Hyacinthe Anquetil-Duperron’s beady eye.

Veda: majadaah sakritva smarishthah [Only that supreme being is worthy of worship.]
Zend: madaatta sakhaare marharinto (Gatha 17:4 Yashna 29) [Only Ahura Mazda is worthy of worship.]

OR

mahaantaa mitraa varunaa samraajaa devaav asuraaha sakhe
sakhaayaam ajaro jarimne agne martyaan amartyas tvam nah
Rigveda: 10:87:21

(Translation: O Supreme Being, you are fire, you are the sun, you are water. You have appeared to us as Father, as our ruler, as our friend and as our teacher. O Great Father, you are beyond aging but we are not. You are beyond death but we are not. In spite of that you have given us the great fortune to call you our friend.)

mahaantaa mitraa varunaa devaav ahuraaha sakhe ya fedroi vidaat
patyaye caa vaastrevyo at caa khatratave ashaauno ashavavyo
( Gatha 17:4 Yashna 53:4)

(Translation: O Ahura Mazda, you appear as the father, the ruler, the friend, the worker and as knowledge. It is your immense mercy that has given a mortal the fortune to stay at your feet.)


From Atharva Veda: kasmai devaaya vidhema.
From Zend Avesta: kamhai devaaya vidhema.

Both mean “to which God should I sacrifice?”

There is NO point in going on and on.

There is a lot of Atharva Veda of 5000 BC, in Zend Avesta.
(a) vishva duraksho jinavati [Zend: vispa drakshu janaiti]
(b) vishva duraksho nashyati [Zend: vispa drakshu naashaiti]
(c) yadaa shrinoti etaam vaacaam [Zend: yathaa hanoti aisham vaacam]

Zend Avesta shares this with Hindu texts as the four divisions in Zoroastrianism.
These are:
(a) atharva, the priest
(b) ratheshtan, the warrior (notice the inclusion of rath here, which means ‘chariot’ in Sanskrit)
(c) vastriyoksiya, the agricultural labourer and lastly
(d) huits, the labour.

Is this division any different from the Hindu division into brahmins (priestly cast), kshatriyas (warriors), vaishyas ( skilled labour) and shudras ( unskilled labour).  In the Hindu Vedic system nobody is  born into any caste , but by merit later on in life as an adult..

Let me list a few common words in Vedas and Avesta.
pitara (father),  maatara (mother),  duhitara (daughter),  pashu (animal),  go (cow),  makshi, (housefly) sharada, (spring season) vaata, abhra (mica), vaidya (physician), ritwija,  namaste,  manas (mind) , yama (God of death),  varuna (God of clouds and water), aryaman,  armati,  ratha (chariot),  rathastha (placed in or sitting in a chariot), gandharva,  prashna (question),  atharvana,  gatha,  indra,  deva (God),  jana, vajra,  aja,  jaanu …. Etc.  In every case, the meaning is shared by the two languages.

In both the the Atharva Veda and Zend Avesta, the philosophical, spiritual and religious statements are not just strikingly similar, they are exactly the same.

The missinh Atharva Veda chapters have landed up in Zend Avetsa in another language, Persian.

(a) Words where ‘s’ in Sanskrit has changed to ‘h’ in Zend:
asura — ahura
soma — homa
sapta — hapta
maasa — maaha
senaa — henaa
[i am] asmi — ahmi
[they are] santi — hanti
vivaswata — vivahnata

(b) Words where ‘h’ in Sanskrit has changed to ‘j’ or ‘z’ in Zend:
hridaya — jardaya
hasta — janta
varaaha — varaaja
hotaa — jotaa
aahuti — aajuti
him — jim
hve — zve
vaahu — vaaju
ahi — aji

(c) Words where ‘shva’ in Sanskrit got modified to ‘spa’ in Zend:

vishva — vispa
ashva — aspa
shvan — span
krishaashva — krishaaspa

(d) Words where “t” (the soft ‘t’) in Sanskrit got modified to ‘tha’ (soft ‘th’ like in ‘thank’) in Zend:
mitra — mithra
trita — tritha
traitaal mantra — thraitaan mantra


Zarathushtra Spitâma : Zarathushtrah –  pitâmah (grandfather)
Daênâ,” meaning “contemplation, : Dhyana (contemplation)
Daênâ Vanguhi : Dhyanavan Guhi (One who contemplates in the cave (of one’s heart?)
Gathas, (a pocket book of 17 songs or 241 stanzas) : Gatha (Story or account)
Humata, Hûkhta, Hvarshta : Sumata (acceptance of good), 
Sûkhta (that which is well said), Svastha (The good state)
Ahura Mazda : Asura (Mighty) Mazda
spenta mainyu () : panthah manyu (path that is esteemed)
Vohu Manah (good mind) : V0hu Manah (Mind)
Asha (Truth) : Asha (Hope)
Khshathra: Khshathra (weapon)
Âramaiti (serenity) :  Arama iti (peace, retreat, thus)
Ameretât : Amara tat(va) : immortality
Haurvatât : Saurava tat(va) : The Solar (or valourous) state

There is NO point in going on-





Sir William Jones, who founded the Asiatic society of Calcutta  is the creator of the comparative grammar of Sanskrit and Zend.  He wrote in 1775 AD --  'When I perused the Zend glossary, I was inexpressibly surprised to find that seven words in ten are pure Sanskrit, and even some of their inflexions formed by the rules of the Vyácaran 1, as yushmácam, the genitive plural of Yushmad. The language of the Zend was at least a dialect of the Sanskrit”.


IT IS IMPERATIVE THAT ZOROASTER WAS FLUENT IN SANSKRIT, AND THIS MEANS HE WAS AN INDIAN SCHOLAR.


Indian scriptures tell us that our civilization was made up of two types of beings -- Devas the gods and Asuras the demons -- born of the same parent.

 Devas, being virtuous, were the toast of all and were bestowed with most of the important and responsible posts of the world by God, while Asuras were deemed incapable and got the raw deal. The people of Kerala still worship their asura king Mahabali.

Asuras were miffed by this and were led away to a far off existence of their own, in defiance of the divine ordinance. They were collected in the south of India , the  west of Afghanisthan and to the north till Urals ,the south being the ocean.   Before once in a while, they waged huge wars with Devas to reclaim their motherland.

This description of the sequence of events tallies with the legends and scriptures of Mesopotamia. As per Mesopotamian legends, they were once the servants of Gods. They revolted against the Gods and Gods found them difficult to handle, which forced Gods to expel or let the Mesopotamians go to a far off existence. That is how Mesopotamians came into existence.

The current Avesta is a "prayer book" rather than a "Bible".  It consists of prayers and hymns in honour of the Supreme Deity, Ahura Mazda.

Zoroaster is the Persian name for the prophet. The Greek name for him is Zarathushtra.

The word Zend literally means "interpretation”.   Zend or jend comes from the Iranian jan, which, too, means “to know”.


 "Avesta" comes from "a" ("negation of") and "vid".  Veda comes from vid, which means “to know”.

The good is represented through Ahura Mazda, and the evil being Angra Mainyu (The Evil Destructive Spirit).  A hymn of the teachings are in the language Gathic Avestan, it is closely related to Vedic Sanskrit  It was written around approximately 600 BC; however the ritualistic practices that accompany it are from a much earlier period.  

Most Parsis know their religion because it is tied into their identity, and know almost nothing about the formal teachings.  

The main components of Zoroastrianism and the Parsi community is the concept of purity and pollution, initiation, daily prayers, temple worship, marriage, funerals, and general worship.

The fire temple at Baku with Shiva’s trishul on top, is still claimed by the Parsis.

Punch into Google search- VEDIC HINDU FIRE TEMPLE OF BAKU ATESHGAH AZERBAIJAN VADAKAYIL



The mount on which Zoroaster received divine revelation ala Moses, of Judaism was part of India in 600 BC.  He formed his new religion and called his God Asur Mazda, meaning God of Asurs (this later got morphed to Ahur Mazda) . He rejected the religion of Devas, and termed their god as evil spirit, whose worshippers would go to hell.

Shukracharya due to his great tapasya and siddhis was immortalized as the planet Shukra (Venus).  But due to his nature of jealousy, the planet has a feminine nature.  In Astrology, Shukra plays and important part in the field of arts, fine arts and entertainment.  

It is said that Shukra was born on the year Paarthiva on Sraavana Suddha Ashtami when Swathi Nakshatra is on the ascent.  That day was a the sixth day of the week (friday) and therefore in may Indian languages Friday is known as Shukravaar.  It is also a belief that Venus rules Friday and therefore most of the Indian movies are released on this day for his blessings. 

Shukracharya wrote the Neetishastra.

Excerpts just to show that he was NOT a dim-wit: ( Imagine all this is dated to antiquity –and this was the time when the white man did GRUNT GRUNT )

1)A king should never have lust for ‘other women’, should never have greed for ‘other’s wealth’, should never give punishment to his subject in anger because ‘Lust’, ‘Greed’ and ‘Anger’ are the causes for downfall.

2)If there is a fear of the food being poisoned, then it should be examined by the help of a monkey, cock etc. The mere sight of the poisoned food makes a swan (Hansa) to totter, the black bee begins to make a noise, the peacock begins to dance, the cock begins to ‘crow’, the Heron ( kraunch pakshi ) gets intoxicated, the monkey begins to pass ‘filth’ and urine, the mongoose ( babhru ) gets excited, the ‘starling’ ( saarika pakshi ) starts vomiting- These are the ways to examine the poisoned food. The king and his administrators must examine the food, whether it is poisoned or not, before consuming it.

3)One should accept the good qualities of even the enemy and should salute him, but on the other hand  if his teacher has bad qualities, he should reject him.

4)A man who is under the influence and control of women, who is a debtor, struck by extreme poverty, a demander without any quality and wealth- such a man is worse than a dead man, though being alive.

5)One should maintain secrecy of his age, wealth, demerits of his home, Hymn (mantra), copulation, medicine, charity, respect and disrespect i.e. he should never tell others of these nine things.

6)Karma is the cause for our sugati- happy conditions and durgati- miseries in this world. praarabda- providence, destiny is nothing else but our karmas (deeds, good and evil) of purvajanam (our previous birth regeneration).

7a)In this world, no one is a Brahmin (BRAHMA), KSHATRIYA (a warrior caste), VAISHYA (caste doing trading/business) and SHUDRA (low caste) by birth , but on the basis of quality (gunaa) and deeds and actions (karma) .

Brahmin (Brahmana) is created by having following qualities like gyaankanda (having yearning for the Holy Scriptures), karmakanda (knowledge of performing yagna ( homa ) and upaasana ( worship). He is also engrossed in worship of the deities, is gentle, has controlled his senses and is kind.

7b)One who cleverly protects his subjects, is brave, has control over his senses and whose nature is to punish the wrong doers is called a KSHATRIYA.

7c)One who is efficient in kraya (purchasing) and vikraya (selling) daily earns his livelihood by his business, one who does pashu paalana (animal husbandry and farming are called VAISHYA in this world.

7d)Those who are in the service of the dwija (BRAHMANA, KSHATRIYA AND VAISHYA, brave, gentle have control over their senses, carry plough ( hala ), kaashta (wood) and trina (grass) are called SHUDRA.

8)Those who abandon their own dharma ( religion) lack kindness, cause harm to others, possess excessive anger and are violent are called MLECCHA and they lack the power of reasoning ( viveka ).

9)As the destiny is, accordingly one gets friends (good or evil) All the actions of the world are based on bhagya- destiny and purushartha- labour, actions committed in the previous birth are destiny and actions committed in this life are called purushartha. Thus karmas have been differentiated in two ways whichever of the two ( bhagya and purushartha) is powerful forces the other to surrender. The strength cannot be identified merely by analyzing the results of the Karma or by any other means.

It would not have been possible to destroy the evils and evil doers if the destiny was unchangeable that is purushartha (labour) can change even the bhagya (destiny) If the destiny is unfavourable then the most virtuous of actions gives bad results just like the king Mahabali who was tied up even after being so charitable and Harishchandra had to serve a MLECHA, even after being a Truthful man.

10)Good actions give good results and evil actions give bad results, so one must accept good actions and reject evil actions as described in the scriptures.

SEE HOW SHREWDLY THE WHITE CHRISTIAN MAN DIVIDED INDIANS AND RULED US ON THE BASIS OF 4 CASTES--  SAYING THAT OUR CASTE IS BY BIRTH

Punch into Google search THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL



Ramayana records that Shukracharya made Dandakaranya region barren after his beautiful daughter Araja was molested by King Danda. Shukracharya was the guru of Prahalada too.

The Puranas allude to a cosmic war between the Devas, led by Brihaspati of the Angirasa line of seers and the Asuras (Ahuras), led by Shukracharya ( Kava Ushana) of the Brighu line of seers.  As such the Asura-Daeva split was already in place by Zarathushtras’ time.


It is very easy to seek out the history of the Parsis . Wherever they existed there were “towers of silence” . Even when they moved away,nobody dared to destroy these gruesome places. Parsis had also settled down in Sind.  The Parsi Navroz is an important celebration for Kashmiri Pandits . 

Maharishi Kashayapa , the son of Marichi , had two wives.  His first wife Aditi bore the Deva ( gods ) lineage.  His second wife Diti bore the asura ( demons ) lineage. The Valley of Kashmir got its name from Kashyap Maharishi.

In Kashmir, even Muslim Shias are surprisingly known to be observing this feast.  No wonder Shukrawar (Friday ) is a holiday for the Muslims.


The Avesta is the primary collection of sacred texts of Zoroastrianism, and is composed in the Avestan language.  Avesta also means "to know" and thus is a teaching about the secret. 

Ahura Mazda means “all knowing god”. Ahura is all light, truth, goodness, and knowledge; 




Angra Mainyu is all darkness, falsehood, wickedness, and ignorance. Ahura dwells in the infinite light; Angra Mainyu dwells in the infinite night. Whatever the good Spirit makes, the evil Spirit mars. 

In the Veda Yama, the son of Vivasvat, is the king of the dead.  His Avesta counterpart is Yima, the son of Vivanghat, is the first king.

Zarathushtra has been known in the West as Zoroaster, from the Greek transliteration of his name; in Persia and India he is known as Zarthosht.  His father's name was Pourushapa and his mother's name Dughdova bear striking resemblance with the Sanskrit words having the same meaning.  This a combination of the two words Pourushapa or Purusha in Sanskrit which means man and Aspa, which becomes Ashva in Sanskrit which means a horse. The term Dughda in Duagdova means milk in Sanskrit and Avestan.

A large section of Parsis are vegetarian and during weddings/navjyots, there is always a "parsi vegetarian" menu.  

In the Mahabharat, Karna is depicted as taking the Asura vows during battle, which includes (1) not allowing anyone to wash his feet (2) not to touch meat. This shows that Asuras were in fact vegetarians.  

The word Asura occurs 88 times in the Rig Veda of 5000 BC. Agni has total of 12 Asura descriptions, Varuna has 10, Mitra 8, and Rudra 6.  The Bhagawat Gita , chapter 16 uses the term asuric to describe egoistic.

There are strong linguistic and cultural similarities between the texts of the Avesta and those of the Rigveda . The hallucinogenic Soma of Rig Veda is nothing but the Haoma in Zend Avesta. 

The Vedic Yatus are found unaltered in the Avesta. The Yatu in the Vedas is the demon taking any form he pleases, the fiend as a wizard: so he is in the Avesta also, where the name is likewise extended to the Yatu, the sorcerer.  With the Yatus are often associated the Pairikas (Apasara ).

The term Parsi , coined by Frenchman Jew Anquetil-Duperron which means Persian,  is not attested in Indian Zoroastrian texts until the 17th century.  Until that time, such texts consistently use either Zarthoshti,  "Zoroastrian" or Vehdin, "of the good religion”.  However both the Puranas and the Mahabharata of 4000 BC, use the term Parasikas to refer to the peoples west of the Indus river.

The first part, or the Avesta properly so called, contains the Vendidad, the Visperad, and the Yasna. The Vendidad is a corruption of Vidaevadata, "against the demons".



The Vendidad is a compilation of religious laws and of mythical tales; the Visperad is a collection of litanies for the sacrifice; and the Yasna is composed of litanies of the same kind and of five hymns or Gathas written in a special dialect, older than the general language of the Avesta. The second part, generally known as the Khorda Avesta or 'Small Avesta,' is composed of short prayers which are recited not only by the priests, but by all the faithful, at certain moments of the day, month, or year, and in presence of the different elements; these prayers are the five Gah, the thirty formulas of the Sirozah, the three Afrigan, and the six Nyayis. 

The prophet Zarathushtra, son of Pourushaspa, is known to us primarily from the Gathas, seventeen great hymns which he composed and which have been faithfully preserved by his community. These are not works of instruction, but inspired, passionate utterances, many of them addressed directly to God. The language of these hymns resembles that of the Indian Rigveda.



An example: I shall recognize Thee as strong and holy, Ahuramazda, when Thou wilt help me by the hand with which Thou holdest the recompenses that Thou wilt give, through the heat of Thy truth-strong fire, to the wicked man and the just - and when the might of Good Purpose shall come to me. Then as holy I have recognized Thee, Ahuramazda, when I saw Thee as First at the birth of life, when Thou didst appoint rewards for acts and words, bad for the bad, a good recompense for the good by Thy innate virtue, at the final turning point of the creation [i.e., the Last Judgment]. [Yasna 43.4-5]

The Gathas’  were recited by the Zoroastrians in their daily liturgy.

What remains of the Avesta today, is about a quarter of the Great Avesta of the sixth century. The religion propagated by Zarathustra in ancient Iran was a branch of Vedic knowledge. Only the language differs: Iranian (sometimes called Avestan or Old Iranian) instead of Sanskrit. . In other words, ancient Iranians were from ancient India. No wonder Iranians love to call themselves Aryas and they named they National Shippping Company ARYA LINES ( the present day IRISL )

Zend Avesta is divided into three parts: (a) yashna, (b) vendidad and (c) yashta. Yashna is a colloquial distortion of yagna. The rituals involving fires and invocations of Gods in the Zend Avesta bear uncanny resemblance to the vedic yagna. Moreover, yashna is also called gatha, and the exact same word is used in Sanskrit for the vedic prayers.

The very word Iran is only a spacio-temporal distortion of the word Aryan.

As proof of this statement, I would like to present the following sloka from ManuSamhita:
shanakaistu kriyaalopaadimaah kshatriyajaatayoh
vrishalatvam gataaloke braahmanaadarshanena ca
poundrkaashcodradaavidaah kambojaah yanaashokaah
paaradaa pahlavaarshceenaah kiraataah daradaakhashaah

(Translation: The ancient name of Persia (Paarasya in Sanskrit) was Paarada. On breaking down of the family and other social structures, a section of kshatriyas came to be called as shudra at first and yavana later. The inhabitants of Persia belong to that group.)

Max Müller, too, in his Lectures on the Sanskrit Language infers, albeit without any proof, “The Zoroastrians were a colony from Northern India.”  Iran, as we all know, is yet another ancient name for Persia. The Iranians sometimes pronounce it as “Airan”, as mentioned in Ferdowsi’s Shahname.  

The Vedic Vayupurana mention Chandravanshi king  Pururavaa and his Queen Ira. The same puranas also describes a battle waged among the Suryavanshi and Chandravanshi lienages. It was as a result of this war that part of the Chandravanshi clan had to immigrate to the modern Iran.

Zoroastrianism does not teach or believe in reincarnation or karma.  Zoroastrians believe that after life on earth, the human soul is judged by God as to whether it did more good or evil in its life.


The Parsis wear a Kusti (a holy thread around their waist) which corresponds to the “Hindu Yagnopavit”  poonoolu worn around the shoulder and the waist.

The Parsis use coconuts and rice during their Navjyot and wedding ceremonies like the Hindus. The Parsi ritual invocation of the Fire is called Yasna (Jashn) which corresponds to the Hindu ritual of Yagna

The principles of Zoroaster-
1)Worship Ahura-mazda
2)Magnify the archangels ( auras )
3)Damn the demons ( devas )
4)Marry you nearest relative.



His principle No 4, was his undoing, in his haste to mirror Hinduism, where we have strict Y Chromosome rules. ( Gotra rules ).

Punch into Google search- GOTRA SYSTEM  KHAP RULES  Y CHROMOSOME  DNA VADAKAYIL




After the conversion of King Vishtaspa, Zoroaster remained at the court of the king.  Other officials were converted,  and a daughter of Zoroaster married the king. Zoroaster lived for 77 years, and he died in 551 BC.


Zoroaster’s birthday is celebrated on March 21, as part of the Persian New Year Festival.  With his wife, Huvovi, Zoroaster had three sons, Isat Vastar, Uruvat-Nara and Hvare Cira and three daughters, Freni, Pourucista and Triti.  His wife, children and a cousin named Maidhyoimangha, were his first converts after he decided to mirror Hinduism and create his own religion , like another Indian Buddha in 1900 BC --at age 30.



On the rock inscription of Elvend, which had been made by the order of king Darius, we read these lines :
There is one God, omnipotent Ahura Mazda,
It is He who has created the earth here;
It is He who has created the heaven there;
It is He who has created mortal man.



Avestan language is a mere dialect of Sanskrit,..

In the Vendidad, Hapta-Hindu (Sapta-Sindhu) is one of the 16 lands abandoned by ancient Iranians because of excessive heat.

In the section of Zend Avesta titled Vendidad, Ahura Mazda tells Zarathustra of the sixteen perfect lands, and the penultimate in that list is hapta-hindu ( sapta-sindhu )— 

--like how Sunil Seth becomes Hunil Heth TEEE HEEEEEE !!!

Digression: 38 years back, I had a friend by the name of Sunil Seth.  When I wanted to piss him off , I would shout Hunil Heth , and he was sure to go into a deep sulk.




Brihaspati presides over guruvar ( Thursday ) .  Brihaspati puja is on Thursdays.  Brihaspativar is Thursday, a holy day for white European Christians.   Maundy Thursday is the day Jesus Christ washed the feet of his disciple. Thursday is ascension day for Christians.


Shukravar ( Friday ) is a holy day for Muslims –people from middle east who worshiped Shukracharya..



Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
HIV DOES NOT CAUSE AIDS , MANY AIDS PATIENTS HAVE NIL HIV INSIDE THEM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
NO SCIENTIFIC EVIDENCE THAT HARMLESS RETRO VIRUS HIV CAUSES AIDS,  AMYL NITRATE POPPERS SUPPRESS IMMUNE SYSTEM,  TOXIC MEDICINES TAKEN TO  FIGHT HIV CAUSE AIDS,   TWO TIME LASKER AWARD WINNER ROBERT CHARLES GALLO DISCOVERER OF HIV , NO FUNDS FROM BIG BROTHER FOR HIV CAUSES AIDS DENIERS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 

First watch the video below to find out who Jew Robert Gallo is.



-- also check out what we are dealing with.



A point to ponder is , why has not Robert Gallo got the Nobel prize for his famous discovery of HIV?
But then he is a sole two time lasker award winner.

Let us enter the dirty politics first.

In 2009, Robert Gallo received the Dan David Prize of the Dan David Foundation and Tel Aviv University.
Obviously the Jews are proud of him.

This award is named after Albert Lasker.

How is Albert Lasker?

German Jew Albert Lasker born in Freiburg, Germany is also known as the father of modern advertising. He used to boast “No one has taken as much money out of advertising as I have”.  A lie told a thousand times becomes the truth as per Lasker, the king pin of ADL.  

Rothschild’s blood relative and agent Barnard Baruch gave Albert Lasker a post in Woodrow Wilson’s cabinet, as Assistant Secretary. It was US President Wilson who signed the Federal Reserve Bank of USA into life.  It was Albert Lasker who launched the American Cancer Society as a viable monopoly organization.  

Lasker himself became ill with cancer . He was operated on for intestinal cancer in 1950, not knowing that cutting into a cancer immediately spreads it throughout the body. He died in 1952 at the Harkness Rockefeller Pavilion.

Rothschild’s US agent and Jewish banker , Bernard Baruch was advisor to 5 US presidents, rather he chose them.  In World War I he was Woodrow Wilson’s chief adviser on national defense and was appointed chairman of the War Industries Board (1918-1919), thus bringing the American war machine under the heel of Jewish financiers.

Albert Lasker’s father  Morris Lasker, became a representative for Rothschild banking federal judge nominated by President Lyndon B. Johnson in November  1967.

As you can see Robert Gallo has powerful backers . In July 2007, Gallo and his team were awarded a $15 million grant from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation for research into a preventive vaccine for HIV/AIDS.  Gallo is now the director of the Institute of Human Virology at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland.

HIV is a retrovirus that primarily infects components of the human immune system such as CD4+ T cells, macrophages and dendritic cells. It directly and indirectly destroys CD4+ T cells. After the virus enters the body there is a period of rapid viral replication, leading to an abundance of virus in the peripheral blood. 

During primary infection, the level of HIV may reach several million virus particles per milliliter of blood.  This response is accompanied by a marked drop in the number of circulating CD4+ T cells. There is currently no cure or effective HIV vaccine. Treatment consists of high active antiretroviral therapy (HAART) which slows progression of the disease .

 More than 7 million people were taking them in low and middle income countries, where nutritious food is hard to come by.. The primary causes of death from HIV/AIDS are opportunistic infections and cancer, both of which are frequently the result of the progressive failure of the immune system

HIV is a member of the genus Lentivirus.  Many species of mammals are infected by lentiviruses,  Lentiviruses are transmitted as single-stranded, positive-sense, enveloped RNA viruses. Upon entry into the target cell, the viral RNA genome is converted (reverse transcribed) into double-stranded DNA by a virally encoded reverse transcriptase that is transported along with the viral genome in the virus particle. 

The resulting viral DNA is then imported into the cell nucleus and integrated into the cellular DNA by a virally encoded integrase and host co-factors. Once integrated, the virus may become latent, allowing the virus and its host cell to avoid detection by the immune system. Alternatively, the virus may be transcribed, producing new RNA genomes and viral proteins that are packaged and released from the cell as new virus particles that begin the replication cycle.

Current HAART options are combinations (or "cocktails") consisting of at least three medications belonging to at least two types, or "classes," of antiretroviral agents. The World Health Organization, European guidelines and the United States recommends antiretrovirals in all adolescents, adults and pregnant women with a CD4 count less than 350/uL or those with symptoms regardless of CD4 count. 

Risk of cancer appears to increase once the CD4 count is below 500/μL.  Approximately 35 million people have HIV worldwide.  2.2 million died of AIDS in 2005. 

HIV was found ONLY in 65 per cent of AIDS patients, as per statistics.  
In the video below Dr Robert Willner injects himself with HIV.




A powerful and toxic drug called AZT (Zidovudine) is given to people who have no other complaint other than the fact that they have the presence of antibodies to HIV in their blood. There is no reason why people with HIV must take this drug . 

Apparently, it was being developed to treat cancer but the FDA could not approve it as it was too toxic for human use. When AIDS was discovered, hey presto- AZT previously proven too toxic for human use becomes the lifesaver drug.

Big Brother  has introduced the GLOBAL WARMING HOAX,   after the HIV-AIDS hoax.

Punch into Google search THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING VADAKAYIL

AZT is extremely toxic and caused death to all who took it.  Numerous studies have found that children exposed to AZT in the womb suffer brain damage, neurological disorders, paralysis, spasticity, mental retardation, epilepsy, other serious diseases and early death.  


Zidovudine can cause serious, life-threatening side effects.  These include lactic acidosis (buildup of acid in the blood), liver problems, and blood disorders, including severe anemia.  Use of zidovudine for a long time can cause muscle weakness (myopathy).


From there the drug was manufactured in large quantities and given to all people who were tested HIV positive.  The result?  More deaths due to the toxic effects of the drug and more billions of dollars for the stakeholders. .  When HIV itself triggers the production of antibodies against it which beats the logic of trying to look for a vaccine.

Almost all male homosexuals in the West  use nitrite inhalants (amyl nitrites, called "poppers").  On chemical tankers we have it , for use when we load isocyanates like TDI , MDI , PAPI etc.  It comes in  small glass ampoules that were crushed to release their vapors, and received the name "poppers" as a result of the popping sound made by crushing the ampoule. When there is a problem we crush Amyl Nitrite capsules 5 times at 15 second intervals and hold under nose of victim.




Amyl nitrite is a vasodilator with the formula C5H11ONO.


The homosexuals use it as an inhalant, to expands blood vessels,  increase heart rate for the euphoric state , relax the involuntary muscles -basically the anal sphincter.  




The effects set in within a few seconds. There is NO time for foreplay in dirty toilets or dark corners in parks.  They are  more orgasmic oriented, as opposed to pleasuring someone.



 When combined with other intoxicant stimulant drugs such as cocaine or ecstasy the euphoric state intensifies and is prolonged.  There is an intense rush, euphoria, and a sensation of heat and excitement.  Before Amyl Nitrate came on the scene( to prevent painful anal fissures and ulcers ) in the gay community there was no AIDS. 

In the 1991 film The Doors, Jim Morrison, played by Val Kilmer, sniffs Amyl Nitrite from a glass ampule in an elevator immediately before gay  sex.  Morrison died at age 27.  



Inhaled nitrites  interact freely with endogenous trivalent nitrogen compounds to produce carcinogenic nitrosamines. Virtually all the early homosexual patients later diagnosed with AIDS had used poppers. Nitrites act on blood vessels, the site of KS, AIDS-related KS [Kaposi’s Sarcoma]  and are known to be mutagenic.  Poppers are immunosuppressive.  

AIDS-related KS [Kaposi’s Sarcoma] lesions  occur most often on the chest and face, especially the nose; those are the body areas most heavily exposed to nitrite vapors. Persistent anal-rectal sexual activity can lead to various pre-cancerous lesions such as Bowen’s disease and Kaposi’s sarcoma. 

Whenever tissues are traumatized, cracked, or abraded, they are vulnerable to bacterial infection, especially when shit is just around the corner.

Let me digress-

The west do NOT use water to clean the anus after a crap. And for long the West ( who used leaves and flat sticks ) treated this as a virtue and ridiculed Indians for washing the anus , and even scrapping our tongue off  all the microflora, after brushing the teeth.  

“ Look Ma , he is washing his ass after dropping his dung! TEE HEEE ”.

Indians kept the mouth also free of bacteria by chewing betel leaf with lime.  The real reason was lack of water, lack of personal hygiene and freezing temperatures which makes them see stars if water used is too cold or too hot. 



For Indians it is unthinkable to leave the anus unwashed. After the paperwork comes the water work. 


When I travel, at Western airports I create half a dozen wet paper tissue pads ,  as there is NO arrangement inside toilet cubicles to wash . To curious onlookers I tell them “ For wiping mE ass with water , after the dry paperwork“

The human gut is known to be a reservoir of a wide variety of microbes, including viruses. The GI ( gastrointestinal) microbiota contains enteric viruses, including a variety of bacteriophages and a number of known human viruses and uncharacterized viruses. Except for the adenoviruses, which contain DNA genomes, all the others are RNA viruses. 

Traditionally, discovery of viruses was dependent on culturing the viruses in host cells in order to propagate and isolate enough pure virions for characterization. However, it is generally known that the large majority of viruses, including enteric viruses, cannot be cultivated using standard techniques. 

Very little information is available on the human enteric RNA viral flora, despite the fact that many RNA viruses are known etiologic agents of gastroenteritis.

HIV is NOT the only virus created in the lab. AIDS was developed in a US lab,  as a biological weapon.

Same way CHIKUNGUNYA was developed in a US laboratory, as a biological weapon.

Chikungunya eats up your system bit by bit till it completely exhausts almost all the functioning organs in the human body. Headaches, pain in joints, nausea, vomits, chills and rashes are common symptoms of Chikungunya. These symptoms are common for many other diseases as well but Chikungunya is a much more deadlier disease than any other disease.

The fever literally destroys your immunity system. The virus poses a great threat to aged people. It can cause paralysis, kidney and liver disorder and cerebral problems. Similarly small children are extremely vulnerable to the fever.

Punch into google search CHIKUNGUNYA, A DISEASE CREATED IN A LAB VADAKAYIL

Western Pharma chemical medicine is NOT everything.  In India we cure Jaundice with a herb called Kizhar Nelli.  

And for INSTANT increase of Chikungunya caused very low blood platelet count, we use juice of Papaya tree leaves..



Nowadays in the evil Pharma lobby of big brother is so strong that recently in Sydney, they jailed Indian parents ( both university educated ) parents of an only girl child for using Homeopathy medicines to treat eczema and breast feeding the child--in addition to a 30,000 Dollar fine .  The father Thomas Sam was a professor in Homeopathy. You see, big brother, the Pharma and the state is more worried about your child than her mother.

The evil white Christian journalists wrote all over the main stream media the same fuc#in'  line ” After the jury was discharged, the enormity of what had occurred came over her ( wife ) in waves , crying intermittently and then recovering”


Hey, did it occur to you a$$holes , that she cried because of the lack of justice delivered?

When these people were running around naked and clubbing down animals for raw food, doing GRUNT GRUNT for language , we Indians had medical college Universities.

Punch into Google search - FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL



Above video: When you ask Robert Gallo about HIV proof , he gets sarcastic and attacks personally.


Above video: Big brother will call you a "denialist"-- like if you contest the fake figure of 6 million Jews killed , then you become  the "Holocaust denialist" -- and 18 Europeean countries have laws in place to throw you in jail  


Generally any virus cause a disease 3 weeks to 1 month after infection whereas HIV cause AIDS after 10 yrs.  Commonsense dictates that AIDS is not caused by HIV. .  HIV has no AIDS causing gene.  HIV is identical with other harmless retroviruses genetically. If none of the retros cause disease why HIV, pray? 

When a person tests "positive" to HIV, it means they carry antibodies to the virus. Which means that they have immunity. HIV does not infect enough T cells to cause AIDS. . 95% percent of people with HIV do not have AIDS.  AIDS is actually a forced amalgamation of 30 different immune ailments into one misnomer..

Why give HIV magical abilities to reactivate, mutate, migrate and hibernate?  These slow virus hypotheses were devised by scientists who used them to buy time when their viruses failed to perform, and of course to rake in the moolah.

HIV vaccine campaign may constitute genocide against Africans and the Third World, where nutritious food is scarce.

If you adopt a nutritious vegetarian diet you can be exposed HIV many times without being chronically infected, our immune system will get rid of the virus within a few weeks, if you have a good immune system.  Suffering Third World children have nutritional deficiencies not vaccine deficiencies.  

Common sense informs us that health is chiefly a non-medical function based on factors such as nutrition, water, sanitation and environment.  Under conditions of abject poverty and poor quality water and non-nutritious food in the third world villages and slums, there has to be low immunity and illness.. 

This in turn has given rise to the health industry which is controlled by the big brother’s  pharmaceutical companies.  You cannot immunize sick, malnourished children and expect them to get healthy. The drug “AZT” administered to HIV/AIDS patients actually further suppresses the immune system .

 Children in developing countries are at a much greater risk of complications from vaccination because of poor nutrition, parasitic and bacterial infections and low birth weight. Natural immunity by eating a balanced diet and drinking good water is much more likely to be protective of the child than the much failed record of artificial immunization coming from toxic vaccines. The vaccination itself  reduced their immune levels and acted like injected infection. . Malnutrition is recognized 100% as the single largest source of immune-suppression in the world.. 

The current definitions of AIDS in the Third World now accept, by and large, three symptoms as central to AIDS: weight-loss of 10% or more (wasting away), chronic diarrhea, and chronic fever. These are also signs of chronic malnutrition. . 

The reason these three symptoms are being used as front-line indicators of AIDS involves widespread lack of lab testing facilities in Third World countries. Doctors are meant to use these indicators to do fast, on-the-spot diagnoses of AIDS, which is unethical. Instead of giving good food and water , they are given toxic AZT which is  hell for the bone marrow and healthy cells.  

Antiretroviral drugs, which works by tricking the DNA to break up! This process of breaking up of the DNA could lead to mutations, cancers and nerve damage in the long-run. The drug is a DNA chain analogue, indeed!

We are now witnessing a huge disaster in African countries caused by the older live virus polio vaccines that has now produced an epidemic of vaccine related polio, that is, polio caused by the vaccine itself. In fact, in some countries polio was not seen until the vaccines was introduced.

 The IMA (Indian Medical Association) has a figure of 85,000- vaccine attributed polio victims – up to 2005... Doctors have been advised to keep quiet on these issues for the "greater good" of humanity which must read a greater good of own bank account. In India many fake drugs are introduced by foreign Phrama , under the cover of being a vaccine. At hospitals many malnourished children die immediately after vaccination.  

"Yellow fever vaccine had cancer viruses in it."- Dr. Maurice Hilleman, Chief Vaccine Developer, Merck, Feb. 6, 1987  .

The system people have their motives: money, fear of losing a job, the desire to win brownie points, prestige awards, promotion, misguided idealism, unthinking habit and so on. But at the highest levels of the medical cartel, vaccines are a top priority because they cause a weakening of the immune system, and is a good way to depopulate poor disadvantaged countries. 

During his speech at the Capitol Mall and in his book “Emerging Viruses: AIDS and Ebola”, Harvard graduate, Dr. Len Horowitz exposed how Henry Kissinger,  Rothschild , and other NWO minions funded and created AIDS as bioweapons to suit their depopulation agenda. Dr. Robert Gallo, was pardoned by President Clinton for scientific fraud and misconduct. Gallo stands to make a lot of money from patent rights on the virus. His entire reputation depends on this virus. If HIV is not the cause of AIDS, there's nothing left for Gallo.

In people with AIDS, the immune system compromise is so complete that normally non-threatening microorganisms can have a catastrophically destructive effect. In the first world countries recreational drugs and unhygienic gay sex lowers their immunity, while in the poor third world it is the lack of nutrition in combination with powerful toxic medicines.

There is a huge body of documented evidence that the pharmaceutical industry has, for a long time and repeatedly, used vulnerable populations in the developed and developing world as guinea pigs to study disease and test new drugs .

In 2000, when the International AIDS Conference was held in Durban, Mbeki convened a Presidential Advisory Panel containing a number of HIV/AIDS denialists, including Peter Duesberg and David Rasnick. The big brother controlled peer reviewed magazine screamed - Duesberg "gave a presentation so removed from African medical reality that it left several local doctors shaking their heads." ( maybe they had water in their ears TEE HEEEE !) . 

In his address to the International AIDS Conference, Mbeki the President of South Africa reiterated his view that HIV was not wholly responsible for AIDS, leading hundreds of delegates to walk out on his speech ( all of them will get funds ).  

Big brother Pharma  responded with the Durban Declaration, a document affirming that HIV causes AIDS, signed by over 5,000 dragon slaying scientists and physicians. So these 5000 wise guys must be imagining that HIV  parks in the system for 12 years and then suddenly springs to life to infect the host with a life-threatening disease called AIDS . Bad viruses to behave in such a strange manner.  

Blaming HIV for AIDS is like blaming a barnacle for the sinking of the Titanic or CO2 for causing global warming. The CO2 hysteria hoax must be maintained so that lavish lifestyles can be maintained at taxpayer expense.

"Depopulation should be the highest priority of the U.S. foreign policy towards the Third World." --Henry Kissinger, National Security Memo 200, 4/24/74.

Yeah Kissinger is the same guy who went running to attend Margaret Thatcher’s funeral.

Punch into Google search- MARGARET THATCHER HENCHWOMAN OR HEROINE  VADAKAYIL

Mistakes have been made in the past, but scientists owned up. For example- Beriberi was treated with arsenic in the mistaken theory that it was a bacterial disease. Little do we realise that this world is full of trillions of viruses including our own genes which harbour trillions of them! Even a common cold has more than 200 viruses. 

And was NOT Galileo blinded by the Pope for heresy when he lifted from Indian Sanskrit texts 4600 years before, saying earth is round. The true causes of hysteria among women being sexual dissatisfaction was suppressed for such a long time.

 "Two separate epidemiological studies have shown a high correlation between the spread of AIDS with both vaccines against polio and smallpox. "--J. W. Hodge, MD author “The Vaccine Superstition'

Kary Mullis of Berkeley University, writing in the foreword for that epoch-making book by his illustrious colleague, the best virology professor in the U.S., Peter Duesberg, titled Inventing the AIDS Virus had this to say: “Peter and I do not know what causes AIDS … but we know one thing for certain, which no one could dispute, as I am the inventor of the PCR test to identify viruses and Peter is the best brain in virology alive today. HIV DOES NOT CAUSE AIDS.”

Take microbiologist Dr. Kary Mullis Ph.D. for example, who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his invention called the PCR (polymerase chain reaction) technique, which ironically allowed scientists to analyze human tissue for the presence of HIV. When he expressed his views about HIV not causing AIDS, and not being able to find ANY evidence for this, all of a sudden his scientific views didn’t count anymore.

It’s a self-fulfilling prophecy: Tell perfectly healthy people with HIV that they’re going to die from AIDS, even though HIV doesn’t cause AIDS, and then sell them drugs that actually cause AIDS so they get sick and die anyway.


Forget whatever I wrote above--

QUESTION: Why is Magic Johnson still alive, after 23 years of being HIV positive ?

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE, SREESANTH AND MISUSE OF MCOCA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TRUTH AND THE TIME AXIS,  IPL BETTING SPOT FIXING,  ENDLESS SPOT FIXING BY FOREIGN FUNDED INDIAN MEDIA,  DESH DROHI VERSUS SPOT FIXER OF A CIRCUS CLUB CRICKET MATCH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




How many of you know that truth must include the time axis.  

Hundreds of con-men have  misused the 

time scale to subvert justice.




Is it possible to marry a silent video of a cricketer with a towel tucked in his pants as a signal , to a telephone audio recording , without knowing which happened first— the audio byte or the video shot?

Let me cut and paste a Sidney Sheldon novel ( If tomorrow comes ) scene.  It is about a con-man , who does NOT know how to play chess  on a cruise ship who played with  two chess grandmasters to make moolah.  He made an ass out of everybody on the ship.

QUOTE
"Were you serious about Melnikov and Negulesco?"

"Absolutely. Why?"

"I think they both need a lesson in manners."

"So do I. And we'll make money while we teach them."

"Good. What's your plan?"

"You're going to beat them at chess."

"I'm serious."

"So am I"

"I told you, I don't play chess. I don't know a pawn from a king. I---" "Don't worry," Jeff promised her. "A couple of lessons from me, and you'll slaughter them both."

"Both?"

"Oh, didn't I tell you? You're going to play them simultaneously." 

**********

Jeff was seated next to Boris Melnikov in the. Double Down Piano Bar. "The woman is a fantastic chess player," Jeff confided to Melnikov. "She's traveling incognito."

The Russian grunted. "Women know nothing about chess. They cannot think." "This one does. She says she could beat you easily."

Boris Melnikov laughed aloud. "Nobody beats me--- easily or not." "She's willing to bet you ten thousand dollars that she can play you and Pietr Negulesco at the same time and get a draw with at least one of you."
Boris Melnikov choked on his drink. 

"What! That's--- that's ridiculous! Play two of us at the same time? This--- this female amateur?"

"That's right. For ten thousand dollars each."

"I should do it just to teach the stupid idiot a lesson."

"If you win, the money will be deposited in any country you choose." A covetous expression flitted across the Russian's face. 

"I've never even heard of this person. And to play the two of us! My God, she must be insane." "She has the twenty thousand dollars in cash."

"What nationality is she?"

"American."

"Ah, that explains it. All rich Americans are crazy, especially their women." Jeff started to rise. "Well, I guess she'll just have to play Pietr Negulesco alone."

"Negulesco is going to play her?"

"Yes, didn't I tell you? She wanted to play the two of you, but if you're afraid..."

"Afraid! Boris Melnikov afraid?" His voice was a roar. "I will destroy her. When is this ridiculous match to take place?"

"She thought perhaps Friday night. The last night out."

Boris Meinikov was thinking hard. "The best two out of three?" "No. Only one game."

"For ten thousand dollars?"

"That is correct."

The Russian sighed. "I do not have that much cash with me." "No problem," Jeff assured him. "All Miss Whitney really wants is the glory of playing the great Boris Melnikov. If you lose, you give her a personally autographed picture. If you win, you get ten thousand dollars." 

"Who holds the stakes?" There was a sharp note of suspicion in his voice.

"The ship's purser."

"Very well," Melnikov decided. "Friday night We will start at ten o'clock, promptly."

"She'll be so pleased," Jeff assured him.

The following morning Jeff was talking to Pietr Negulesco in the gymnasium, where the two men were working out.

"She's an American?" Pietr Negulesco said. "I should have known. All Americans are cuckoo."

"She's a great chess player.."

Pietr Negulesco made a gesture of contempt. "Great is not good enough. Best is what counts. And I am the best."

"That's why she's so eager to play against you. If you lose, you give her an autographed picture. If you win, you get ten thousand dollars in cash..." "Negulesco does not play amateurs."

"...deposited in any country you like."

"Out of the question."

"Well, then, I guess she'll have to play only Boris Melnikov." "What? Are you saying Melnikov has agreed to play against this woman?" "Of course. But she was hoping to play you both at once." "I've never heard of anything so--- so---"

Negutesco sputtered, at a loss for words. "The arrogance!

Who is she that she thinks she can defeat the two top chess masters in the world? She must have escaped from some lunatic asylum." "She's a little erratic," Jeff confessed, "but her money is good. All cash." "You said ten thousand dollars for defeating her?"

"That's right."

"And Boris Meinikov gets the same amount?"

"If he defeats her."

Pietr Negulesco grinned. "Oh, he will defeat her. And so will I." "Just between us, I wouldn't be a bit surprised."

"Who will hold the stakes?"

"The ship's purser."

Why should Melnikov be the only one to take money from this woman? thought Pietr Negutesco.

"My friend, you have a deal. Where and when?"

"Friday night. Ten o'clock. The Queen's Room."

Pietr Negulesco smiled wolfishly. "I will be there."

**********
"You mean they agreed?" Tracy cried.

"That's right."

"I'm going to be sick."

"I'll get you a cold towel."

Jeff hurried into the bathroom of Tracy's suite, ran cold water on a towel, and brought it back to her. She was lying on the chaise longue. He placed the towel on her forehead.

"How does that feel?"

"Terrible. I think I have a migraine."

"Have you ever had a migraine before?"

"No."

"Then you don't have one now. Listen to me, Tracy, it's perfectly natural to be nervous before something like this."

She leapt up and flung down the towel. "Something like this? There's never been anything like this! I'm playing two international master chess players with one chess lesson from you and---"

"Two," Jeff corrected her. "You have a natural talent for chess." "My God, why did I ever let you talk me into this?"

"Because we're going to make a lot of money."

"I don't want to make a lot of money," Tracy wailed. "I want this boat to sink. Why couldn't this be the Titanic?"

"Now, just stay calm," Jeff said soothingly. "It's going to be---" "It's going to be a disaster! Everyone on this ship is going to be watching." 

"That's exactly the point, isn't it?" Jeff beamed.

**********

Jeff had made all the arrangements with the ship's purser.

He had given the purser the stakes to hold--- $20,000 in traveler's checks--- and asked him to set up two chess tables for Friday evening. The word spread rapidly throughout the ship, and passengers kept approaching Jeff to ask if the matches were actually going to take place.

"Absolutely," Jeff assured all who inquired. "It's incredible. Poor Miss Whitney believes she can win. In fact, she's betting on it."

"I wonder," a passenger asked, "If I might place a small bet?" Certainly. As much money as you like. Miss Whitney is asking only ten-to-one odds."

A million-to-one odds would have made more sense. From the moment the first bet was accepted, the floodgates opened. It seemed that everyone on board, including the engine-room crew and the ship's officers, wanted to place bets on the game. 

The amounts varied from five dollars to five thousand dollars and every single bet was on the Russian and the Romanian.

The suspicious purser reported to the captain. "I've never seen anything like it, sir. It's a stampede. Nearly all the passengers have placed wagers. I must be holding two hundred thousand dollars in bets."

The captain studied him thoughtfully. "You say Miss Whitney is going to play Melnikov and Negulesco at the same time?"

"Yes, Captain."

"Have you verified that the two men are really Pietr Negulesco and Boris Melnikov?"

"Oh, yes, of course, sir."

"There's no chance they would deliberately throw the chess game, is there?" "Not with their egos. I think they'd rather die first. And if they lost to this woman, that's probably exactly what would happen to them when they got home." 

The captain ran his fingers through his hair, a puzzled frown on his face. "Do you know anything about Miss Whitney or this Mr. Stevens?" "Not a thing, sir. As far as I can determine, they're traveling separately." 

The captain made his decision.

"It smells like some kind of con game, and ordinarily I would put a stop to it. However, I happen to be a bit of an expert myself, and if there was one thing I'd stake my life on, it's the fact that there is no way to cheat at chess.

Let the match go on." He walked over to his desk and withdrew a black leather wallet. "Put down fifty pounds for me. On the masters."

**********

By 9:00 Friday evening the Queen's Room was packed with passengers from first class, those who had sneaked in from second and third class, and the ship's officers and members of the crew who were off duty.
At Jeff Stevens's request, two rooms had been set up for the tournament. 

One table was in the center of the Queen's Room, and the other table was in the adjoining salon. Curtains had been drawn to separate the two rooms.

"So that the players aren't distracted by each other,"

Jeff explained. "And we would like the spectators to remain in whichever room they choose." Velvet ropes had been placed around the two tables to keep the crowds back. The spectators were about to witness something they were sure they would never see again. 

They knew nothing about the beautiful young American woman, except that it would be impossible for her--- or anyone else--- to play the great Negulesco and Melnikov simultaneously and obtain a draw with either of them. Jeff introduced Tracy to the two grand masters shortly before the game was to begin. 

Tracy looked like a Grecian painting in a muted green chiffon Galanos gown which left one shoulder bare. Her eyes seemed tremendous in her pale face. Pietr Negulesco looked her over carefully.

"Have you won all the national tournaments you have played in?" he asked.

"Yes," Tracy replied truthfully.

He shrugged. "I have never heard of you."

Boris Melnikov was equally rude. "You Americans do not know what to do with your money," he said. "I wish to thank you in advance. My winnings will make my family very happy."

Tracy's eyes were green jade. "You haven't won, yet, Mr. Melnikov." Melnikov's laugh boomed out through the room. "My dear lady, I don't know who you are, but I know who I am. I am the great Boris Melnikov."

It was 10:00. Jeff looked around and saw that both salons had filled up with spectators. "It's time for the match to start."

Tracy sat down across the table from Melnikov and wondered for the hundredth time how she had gotten herself into this.

"There's nothing to it," Jeff had assured her. "Trust me."

And like a fool she had trusted him. I must have been out of my mind, Tracy thought. She was playing the two greatest chess players in the world, and she knew nothing about the same, except what Jeff had spent four hours teaching her. The big moment had arrived. Tracy felt her legs trembling.

Melnikov turned to the expectant crowd and grinned. He made a hissing noise at a steward. "Bring me a brandy. Napoleon."

"In order to be fair to everyone," Jeff had said to Melnikov, "I suggest that you play the white so that you go first, and in the game with Mr. Negulesco, Miss Whitney will play the white and she will go first." Both grand masters agreed.
While the audience stood hushed, Bo
ris Melnikov reached across the board and played the queen's gambit decline opening, moving his queen pawn two squares. I'm not simply going to beat this woman. I'm going to crush her. 

He glanced up at Tracy. She studied the board, nodded, and stood up, without moving a piece. A steward cleared the way through the crowd as Tracy walked into the second salon, where Pietr Negulesco was seated at a table waiting for her. There were at least a hundred people crowding the room as Tracy took her seat opposite Negulesco.

"Ah, my little pigeon. Have you defeated Boris yet?" Pietr

Negulesco laughed uproariously at his joke.

"I'm working on it, Mr. Negulesco," Tracy said quietly.

She reached forward and moved her white queen's pawn two squares. Negulesco looked up at her and grinned. He had arranged for a massage in one hour, but he planned to finish this game before then. He reached down and moved his black queen's pawn two squares. 

Tracy studied the board a moment, then rose. The steward escorted her back to Boris Melnikov.

Tracy sat down at the table and moved her black queen's pawn two squares. In the background she saw Jeffs almost imperceptible nod of approval. Without hesitation, Boris Melnikov moved his white queen's bishop pawn two squares.

Two minutes later, at Negulesco's table, Tracy moved her white queen's bishop two squares.

Negulesco played his king's pawn square.

Tracy rose and returned to the room where Boris Melnikov was waiting. Tracy played her king's pawn square.

So! She is not a complete amateur, Melnikov thought in surprise. Let us see what she does with this. He played his queen's knight to queen's bishop 3. Tracy watched his move, nodded, and returned to Negulesco, where she copied Melnikov's move.

Negulesco moved the queen's bishop pawn two squares, and Tracy went back to Melnikov and repeated Negulesco's move.

With growing astonishment, the two grand masters realized they were up against a brilliant opponent. No matter how clever their moves, this amateur managed to counteract them.

Because they were separated, Boris Melnikov and Pietr Negulesco had no idea that, in effect, they were playing against each other. Every move that Melnikov made with Tracy, Tracy repeated with Negulesco. And when Negulesco countered with a move, Tracy used that move against Melnikov.

By the time the grand masters entered the middle game, they were no longer smug. They were fighting for their reputations. They paced the floor while they contemplated moves and puffed furiously on cigarettes. Tracy appeared to be the only calm one.

In the beginning, in order to end the game quickly, Melnikov had tried a knight's sacrifice to allow his white bishop to put pressure on the black king's side. 

Tracy had carried the move to Negulesco. Negulesco had examined the move carefully, then refuted the sacrifice by covering his exposed side, and when Negulesco had sacked a bishop to advance a rook to white's seventh rank, Melnikov had refuted it before the black rook could damage his pawn structure.

There was no stopping Tracy. The game had been going on for four hours, and not one person in either audience had stirred.

Every grand master carries in his head hundreds of games played by other grand masters. It was as this particular match was going into the end game that both Melnikov and Negulesco recognized the hallmark of the other. The bitch, Melnikov thought. 

She has studied with Negulesco. He has tutored her. And Negulesco thought, She is Melnikov's protegee. The bastard has taught her his game.

The harder they fought Tracy, the more they came to realize there was simply no way they could beat her. The match was appearing drawish. In the sixth hour of play, at 4:00 A.M., when the players had reached the end game, thepieces on each board had been reduced to three pawns, one rook, and a king. There was no way for either side to win.

Melnikov studied the board for a long time, then took a deep, choked breath and said, "I offer a draw." 

Over the hubbub, Tracy said, "I accept."

The crowd went wild.

Tracy rose and made her way through the crowd into the next room. As she started to take her seat, Neguleseo, in a strangled voice said, "I offer a draw." And the uproar from the other room was repeated. The crowd could not believe what it had just witnessed. 

A woman had come out of nowhere to simultaneously stalemate the two greatest chess masters in the world.

Jeff appeared at Tracy's side. "Come on," he grinned. "We both need a drink." 

When they left, Boris Melnikov and Pietr Negulesco were sill slumped in their chairs, mindlessly staring at their boards.

UNQUOTE

ABOVE , THE TIMES AXIS WENT WRONG BY A FEW SECONDS.

Indians  never knew that our International matches with Pakistan were being fixed, till the South African captain Hansie Cronje, suffered from pangs on conscience and in his confession for match-fixing, indicated that Azharuddin was the one to introduce him to the bookies.   

Immediately Azharuddin who is a Muslim first and then an Indian cried out on TV that he  was being targeted because he was from a SECULAR minority community. CBI did an inquiry and Azharduddin sweet talked the CBI officer ” Uncle, maine matches banaya”.

Because of his SECULAR and DESH BHAKT credentials (like Owaisi of MIM ) the waitress turned empress took him into her fold.  Azahruddin formally joined the Indian National Congress party on 19 February 2009. 


He contested the Indian general election, 2009 from Moradabad in western Uttar Pradesh and won.  In Muslim constituencies  ( even 30% is enough ) only Muslims can win, such is their secular nature..



The BCCI claimed that it imposed the life ban on Azhar, after he had admitted to fixing three ODI matches. During VDIS scheme (Govt Scheme) in 1996 it was said that he had converted several crores to white the source of which was unknown.



Above: If Azharuddin dares let him denigrate Navjot Singh Sidhu or Imran Khan and see how his face and a$$ gets re-arranged.

People who do NOT know Vinod Kambli must punch into Google search-  VINOD KAMBLI AND MATCH FIXING ALLEGATION WORLD CUP 96 VADAKAYIL

So Azharuddin who FIXED international matches is now in Lok Sabha.

What has Sreesant done?

The Delhi police long in need for a face saver , arresting him for “spot fixing” in IPL cricket league.

What is IPL?

Is it an International match tournament where India’s honour and pride is at stake ( which Azharuddin sold ) or is it a CIRCUS tournament where players are sold like cattle, and entertainment and money is the only factor?

The answer is obvious.

If so why has the foreign funded Indian media given so much or air time to this drama?  Rich owners of IPL clubs are matching fixing and spot fixing. But they were given bail.

They selected the soft targets like Sreesant and applied the DEADLY MCOCA on him.

What is MCOCA?

MCOCA  is the draconian Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act.

Till this act was imposed upon Sreesanth,  as a international cricketer he was innocent until proven guilty, but now he is guilty until he proved himself proven innocent.  

Under MCOCA which is meant for terrorists like Ajmal Kasab, the evidence that are unacceptable as proof of guilt under ordinary law, such as confessions extracted by a police interrogating officer (or even telephone intercepts),  can now possibly ensure the accused is convicted.

And in the worst case scenario, after keeping them in jail for a few years, without bail,  while the case is under investigation and then goes to trial, if the police is proven utterly wrong, Sreesanth cannot take any legal action or seek damages – Section 26 of MCOCA provides the police complete immunity.

Not a single foreign funded media came to Sreesanth’s rescue, while he rotted in jail with hardcore Tihar jail criminals for 27 days.  

Listen , this was happened  in democratic India, to a cricketer  who was part of two Indian world cup winning teams in ODI and T20 format.

Just shows what a sham democracy we all live in.  Is this the intrinsic worth of our police, judiciary and media?  What is the worth of our ruling government under the Queen Bee and her coterie? And where is messiah joker Katju?

Where is the evidence to show that Sreesanth and other cricketers had the knowledge of involvement of Dawood Ibrahim?   Even Sreesanth haters will NOT say that he works for Dawood Ibrahim.



 If Sreesanth did not know about involvement of the underworld or the crime syndicate, how can one say he is liable under the MCOCA?

The commissioner Neeraj Kumar , who was feigning total confidence ( probably to get a fast promotion ) initially boasted  that he could get Sreesanth convicted under IPC and then suddenly came up with MCOCA, disregarding the fact that the accused should have a history of continuing unlawful activity to be booked under the Act.


To put it simple ( seedha baat hai ) we shall assume on basis of scanty information, we shall deny bail, we shall detain Sreesanth for long even after filing charge sheet and we will get immunity is we fall flat on our faces.  Sorry Neeraj Kumar, this is NOT the way the cookie shall crumble in democratic India

India is now  in danger of slipping into a police state, where an accused person has few options to prove his innocence.  MCOCA takes away one’s right to be on bail. In Pune recently MMCOCA was applied on desperately poor chain snatchers.  

As per the MCOCA act, anything that the police claim as confessions to a superintendent of police (SP) level officer in writing or recording will be admissible before a court of law, even if extracted under duress.

Delhi Police had charged him with cheating offence Under IPC 420.  This is pathetic as under Indian Penal Code, there is no such offence called ‘spot-fixing.’  And that too for a club cricket circus with half naked cheer leaders and thousands of bookies, where players are sold like cattle in a market.



HEY,  NEERAJ KUMAR, HOW ABOUT APPLYING MCOCA ON THE DESH KA DAMAAD ROBERT WADHERA--NAY-- VADRA ( angrez hai na !)

HIMMAT HAI ?

The cotton towel which fast bowler Sreesanth used was at a temperature of 42 deg Centigrade.  A lot of players were using towels including the captain Rahul Dravid.   Sreesanth had used such a towel in many IPL matches .  He could be seen using it in many test and ODI matches in the past as well.

Sreesanth was supposed to give away  willfully  14 runs.  

How come there is NOT a single soul with perception in India?

If Sreesanth gave only five runs in the first four balls of the said over, out of which two were dot-balls. Then how could he be so sure of giving away nine runs in the last two balls. Pray?

His fifth ball in the over was short pitched and a difficult one to score a six,  Sure enough even the seasoned sixer blaster like Gilchrist could NOT do it on the 5th ball . Why was the whole of India deriving joy in damaging a cricketers’ life for ever, without using their commonsense?



And regarding all the big spending.  Bank records show that he had withdrawn  five times in two days. The other transactions were done online and using debit cards.

And I am sure as a consenting adult he does NOT need police permission to jump a good looking girl or to party.  And is it illegal to use own money, to buy gifts for a girl?  Why the jealousy?  Is India not a free country?  

Unlike other minor players Sreesant is well off financially having played cricket at the highest levels for so long. He does NOT need a bookie’s money to buy his girl a gift, and that too he gave it to her in front of her parents in her home where he was invited. They gave him a token gift in return.

There is no damning money trail implicating him in spot fixing.



Above: There was this pathetic jealousy factor as gorgeous girls piled on Sreesanth.

Hey, how about checking how much akkal ka dushman , Rahul Gandhi spends?  Why is MCOCA being used selectively for this club cricket circus?

Did not BCCI president Srinivasan froth though his mouth while crying  “ The system is clean.  There were just 3 rotten eggs, which we have discarded  “

And pretty soon he too falls flat on his face along with his sambhar , rasam and puliyodharai , as his own CSK dugout warming son-in-law turns out to be a betting pop-shot.

When a terrorist black bag was used on Sreesanth’s head , why was it NOT used on Kundra and Gurunath- the team owners of RR and CSK ?

Why did the Indian parliament keep quiet when draconian MCOCA was applied on Sreesanth? 

If this is the way our cops, media and parliament works , then we must really examine the cases of hundreds of Muslims put in jail for terrorist activities.  Maybe Owaisi got a point.




And how many of you have noticed how self righteous  Arnab Goswami of Times Now TV was in all his news hour tamasha show .  He was all in one.   A noisy judge, jury, police, media, nation’s conscience keeper etc –  all the while jumping up and down like an orangutan.  

Arnab Goswami was consistently trying to prove that the IPL club cricket circus is same as India’s honour.  

Rajasthan Royals is owned by a foreigner Murdoch. In the other IPL teams the Indians owners are mere fronts like Shilpa Shetty.  Even Islamic desh drohi money is involved just like in Bollywood..

It must be noted that the girl whom Ankeet Chavan got betrothed to showed real character and did NOT lose trust in her man.

Compare this with Team India and the Rajastan Royals team -  what a fu#kin’ disgrace.  Are these real men?



Above: I have been a leader of teams for over 3.5 decades. We were like commandos, willing to give our lives for a team member.


Punch into Google search- HIBERNATION WITH HYDROGEN SULPHIDE GAS  VADAKAYIL

-- where 3 team members nearly gave up their lives to rescue a mate in trouble-- all were saved !!

A word about Rahul Dravid’s leadership spirit.  

He was asked by Harsha Bhogle live on TV about 18 year old wicket keeper cum batsman Sanju Samson who had played some wonderful quickfire knocks , giving victory to Rajasthan Royals.   

This is what the pathetic Captain of team Rahul Dravid said “ He has a long way to go”.


 As if to negate him Sanju Samson was awarded the trophy for the “best upcoming young talent in IPL6“.

Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act, 1999 (MCOCA) is law enacted by Maharashtra state in India in 1999 to combat organised underworld crime against the nation and terrorism.  Why are we confusing circus club cricket IPL with the nation?

Here was a blatant miscarriage of justice , -- the conviction and punishment of a person for a crime he did not commit.  MCOCA spurred  conviction need not be overturned for several years,  or until the innocent person is dead.  

By applying the magic wand of MCOCA, the possibility of  ensuring a conviction nearly doubles. Not because of the merits of the case or the investigation, but only because of the provisions of the Act.  For MCOCA sets up a parallel system that sets aide ordinary legal procedures to transpose an anachronistic medieval system of justice based on assumption of guilt.  

Above: The foreign funded media has a whale of a time.

MCOCA is also an example of states blatantly usurping the centre’s legislative powers and setting different standards of justice in different parts of the country. If the the case been investigated in Kerala, the police would have proceeded under normal law. 

In terms of its human rights abuse, MCOCA is similar to the now-defunct POTA repealed in 2004. Our Indian police are experts in extracting  confessions by third degree. 



And how about the MCOCA provision for non-disclosure of the names of witnesses to the accused? Good way to get promoted fast in the police ranks.  In criminal investigations, the accused often “confesses” to police to avoid torture and then retracts it later in court, because confession extracted by the police is discarded into the court room garbage bin..



There are basic safeguards provided to every Indian citizen under our Indian constitution and nobody can take it way—even by applying MCOCA if we remain vigilant and fight against travesty of justice.

Our constitution protects our  liberties.  People who have misused MCOCA on Sreesanth and abused our constitution and principles of natural justice , must be taken to task and punished.



Above: Ankeet Chauhan marrying a true Bharatiya Nari ( while on bail just for the occasion ) -- see the tension on their faces .  He could be behind bars for many years.

Can you imagine that the police and judiciary were working on Sunday nights to get into the IPL mess.  When a law abiding citizen may have to wait for 30 years for his property dispute , or an acid thrown on his daughter’s face to be settled. Poor Sikhs are still waiting for justice in the 1984 riots sponsored by secular Congress..

So the special law MCOCA makes the police unaccountable.  Hey, I wont blame them.  Since when has the waitress turned empress ever shown accountability?  Unless she is grabbing all the credit?



Above: Delhi Police Commissioner Neeraj Kumar -- a total disgrace -- on the hunt for easy and soft targets? 


They now complain about Sreesanth being too passionate on the field. 

Was it NOT the Indian team , BCCI , media and Indian public who encouraged his ungentlemanly behavior when they wanted to give “mental disintegration” by sledging , right back to the “Ugly Aussies”?   Even captain Dhoni told on TV that he does NOT mind Sreesanth sledging the Aussies.




Above : Giving back as good as we got-- mental disintegration,  chickens come home to roost!.

At that time it unnerved the Aussies, who were at the receiving end for the first time , and they tanked their matches .  

Nothing succeeds like success , right?



WATCH OUT, ONE DAY YOU OR YOUR CHILD OR YOUR CLOSE FAMILY WILL BE IN THE SAME POSITION AS SREESANTH--  

HAVE YOUR FUN NOW--  RIDICULE HIM !! 

Just because Sreesanth ( who is taller, fitter and has more beef ) did NOT hit back at OYE OYE Harbhajan , and have a ugly brawl,  like BALLE BALLE YPD2 , in the stadium , call him a coward. 

Sreesanth's voice was on none of the phone conversations recorded by the Delhi Police, the basis on which arrests and allegations have been made.

Circumstantial evidences—like towel, gestures, extra time before starting an over—it is obvious the silent video was shot first and then a FAKE audio telephone conversation made , to FIX Sreesanth. 

Delhi Police's past record is replete with instances of false arrests and overstated charges. They are on the lookout for a face saver .


They tried to fix him in the past IPL by creating a situation where he will throw a punch back at Harbhajan, who elbowed him.  It did NOT work. This incident was blown up only because Sreesanth cried.





In between the immoral opportunists , the foreign funded Christian missionaries tried to convert Sreesanth, like how they did to Vinod Kambli.  He arrived Kochi clutching a Bible.



Below:   Mark my words,    this is NOT the end of the matter.     The names of the BIG FISH in the dirty pond will soon come out.  Putting the TERRORIST  black bag on Sreesanth’s head will soon back fire.  

There will be demands to do an encore on the heads of the big fish of BCCI/ IPL  when their names come out .  Such are the laws of the Universe .
********************************************************************
UNSUNG OZONE , FOR INSTANT PREVENTION AND MIRACULOUS CURE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
OZONE THERAPY,  VEDIC  DIAMAGNETIC OZONE FOR VIRAL CURES,  NIKOLA TESLA AND HIS OZONE GENERATOR,  NO  IMMUNITY  FOR BACTERIA ,  OZONE LAYER OF STRATOSPHERE ,  MOST ENVIRONMENT FRIENDLY ,  BEST SANITIZER,  STERILIZER , DE-ODOURIZER  AND  OXIDANT – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The electric battery was used in ancient India to create medical Ozone from electrolysis of water charged with fresh Tulsi or Basil leaves..  The Basel Mission at Calicut took this technology and patented it in the name of German Jew Christian Frederick Schonbein who taught Chemistry at the University of Berlin.. 

Much later in September 1896, the super- genius Nikola Tesla who took keen interest in Vedic science , patented his first ozone generator, and formed the Tesla Ozone Co.   Tesla sold ozone machines and ozonated olive oil to doctors for medical use. 


The Indian Maharishis produced Ozone from their copper lotas containing Ganges water by using the energy from their 12 strand DNAs.  

Nikola Tesla used to charge his brain with ozonated air every day.



Punch into Google search-

QUANTUM PLANT TULSI  VADAKAYIL

and

VOLTA  ELECTRICAL BATTERY AND RISHI AGASTYA 5000 BC VADAKAYIL

The evil Pharma industry and the doctor lobby have long tried to suppress Ozone, as this magic gas will put all of them out of business.



Today the hospitals in India are full because of indisriminate chemical use.  Chlorine in municipal water can kill pathogens, but it also affects human health. 

On Chemical tankers we have huge Nitrogen plants. The oxygen is filtered out by pressure swing adsorbsion or by membrane and balance is Nitrogen, which we use in cargo tanks to prevent explosions, to exclude moisture or to prevent oxidation of cargo.

This huge quantity of filtered out oxygen is wasted.  Quite a few times I tried wring to kingpins who matter in the Marine business,  about channeling this oxygen into a chamber , passing though an electric corona and extracting ozone.   

It would make life much easier on board at sea.  Cargo tank preparation, including colour removal and de-odourising will be a piece of cake. Sometimes no matter how much you clean Stainless steel tanks the odour of previous cargo ( Ex: Pygas, fish oil etc ) remains.  Time is lost by ventilation.  Sometimes when you ventilate moisture builds up due to condensation.  Sailors slog like idiots.

Even our vegetable  and fruits will last longer— and there is NO need to but tinned and frozen stuff.
The answer I got from these monkeys sitting on seats of power was WHAAAAAA?

You may wonder why I am so cynical.

Read on—put yourselves from darkness to light and you will understand.

THE WHOLE WORLD MUST KNOW ABOUT MAGIC OZONE.   I WILL EXPOUND IT LIKE NEVER BEFORE IN LUCID LANGUAGE .

In Kerala the hospitals the nephrology departnemnts are always full. The kidney doctors are raking in the moolah . Dialysis machines are working overtime and hospital owners are laughing all the way to the bank.

Pray why?

Punch into Google search -
FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE AND KIDNEY FAILURES VADAKAYIL

Ozone can be created in your home when an electric current is passed through oxygen to break it apart. Free oxygen atoms bind with oxygen molecule to form ozone.  Ozone is an unstable molecule that will break down into one oxygen molecule and one oxygen atom.  

The atom is known as a free radical and seeks to steal electrons from anything it can find.  This oxidation — when an atom steals an electron from another — can destroy or damage cells, such as bacteria and viruses. 

It can even treat AIDS in my opinion, in conjunction with a vegetarian balanced diet and fasting once a week. The big brother monopolized Pharma has lobbied up the Medical associations and made them institutionally biased in favor of using drugs and surgery to the exclusion of natural medicine.


Ozone can  inactivate viruses, bacteria, and protozoa,  by destroying the outer membrane of the micro-organism.  By compromising the outer shell, the ozone gas penetrates the inner cell and alters the DNA to a point where the unwanted parasite cell is rendered ineffective.  




Endogenous cells, like those present in a healthy human body system, have a sophisticated enzymatic system that can stabilize DNA that may have been disrupted by ozone therapy,  a fact which helps ozone gas target unwanted microbes. 

Ozone treatment unlike chemotherapy strengthens the  immune system. Today it is used as a supplement to traditional medication regimen for diseases such as cancer. It helps to quell the side effects of harsh chemotherapy agents


  
In the ozone generator, a  corona-discharge element is present, which provides a capacitive load.  Ozone is produced from oxygen as a direct result of electrical discharge.  This corona-discharge ruptures the stable oxygen molecule and forms two oxygen radicals.  

( Basically the electrical spark splits an oxygen molecule into two oxygen atoms. Electrical discharge is also referred to as corona discharge. These unstable oxygen atoms combine with other oxygen molecules. This combination forms ozone).




These radicals can combine with oxygen molecules to form ozone.  To control and maintain the electrical discharge, a di-electric is present, carried out in ceramic or glass.  The excessive heat of the electrodes is often cooled by cooling water, or by air. An ozonizer creates ozone by charging the air with a burst of high negative voltage.




In Germany, ozone generators are standard pieces of equipment in ambulances, which has resulted in a lower occurrence of severe or permanent paralysis in stroke patients.

Ozone stimulates  oxygen metabolism . It causes an increase of metabolism inside the endogenous red blood cells, which, in turn, releases more oxygen to tissues inside the body.  As the body becomes more oxygenated,  it is more proficient at fighting disease.  Ozone is said to also up the production of enzymes in the body, which act as free radical scavengers and healthy cell protectors.

As ozone gas enters the body, it is broken down in peroxides.  Peroxides are said to be attracted to diseased or weakened cells.  If a cell is healthy, it presumably has enzymes that will resist penetration by the peroxides, but a weak cell that has been infected with viruses, bacteria, or cancerous growth is essentially defenseless against the treatment.  

Hence ozone is a potential treatment for a multitude of debilitating diseases, including cancer, chronic fatigue syndrome, and AIDS.  Some of these diseases are thought to require multiple treatments with ozone therapy because the associated disease pathogen is more susceptible at different stages of its development.

The best hospitals around the world use large ozone generators to decontaminate operating rooms between surgeries. The rooms are cleaned and then sealed airtight before being filled with ozone which effectively kills or neutralizes all remaining bacteria.

Ozone cannot be stored and transported like other industrial gases (because it quickly decays into diatomic oxygen) and must therefore be produced on site.

It must be said that ozone is highly toxic to humans and most other forms of life and has to be used in an intelligent manner.. Like how a life saving a matchstick is dangerous in the hands of a monkey.  

Even very low concentrations of ozone can be harmful to the upper respiratory tract and the lungs. The severity of injury depends on both by the concentration of ozone and the duration of exposure.

Ozone is just an activated oxygen molecule  consisting of three oxygen atoms. The oxygen we breathe contains two atoms .





Electrolytic ozone generation (EOG) splits water molecules into H2, O2, and O3. In most EOG methods, the hydrogen gas will be removed to leave oxygen and ozone as the only reaction products.

So, an immunity to ozone would cause the bacteria to die of asphyxiation or mutate to in a anaerobic environment . Ozone works each time and every time with the same efficacy. 

China used ozonizers during the recent SARS outbreak . Twelve states in USA use ozonisers though it is prohibited by the FDA.

Ozonated water is used to launder clothes and to sanitize food, drinking water, and surfaces in the home.  Nowadays on TV you can see Hema Malini and her two daughters advocating ozonized water to remove pesticide residues from fruits and vegetables.





Ozone is one of the best sanitizers/sterilizers in the world . Almost all swimming pools in the best hotels of the world have Ozone plants instead of injecting Chlorine.  Here ozone is infused into water .  Bacteria are  single-cell creatures sealed by a relatively solid-cell membrane. Ozone breaks through the cell membrane, and this leads to the destruction of the bacteria.  

Viruses unlike bacteria, they multiply only within the host cell.  They transform protein of the host cell into proteins of their own.  Ozone destroys viruses by diffusing through the protein coat into the nucleic acid core, resulting in damage of the viral RNA.  At higher concentrations, ozone destroys the exterior protein shell by oxidation so DNA or RNA structures of the virus are affected.

Ozone always reverts back to oxygen over time. Hence  ozone cannot be delivered in tanks.  Instead, ozone is typically produced on-site by an ozone generator.

In very clean and cold water ozone can last for several hours. Conversely dirty and warm water will last lesser time. Ozone is 13 times more soluble in water than oxygen. Reactions with bacteria etc., consumes ozone by oxidation reactions. 

Ozone breaks down thermally too.  Higher temperatures destroy ozone quicker than lower temperatures.  

The ozone that remains is referred to as residual ozone. "Residual" ozone created will return to oxygen usually within 30 minutes, in amounts equal to half its level. What this means is that after each subsequent 30 minute period there would be half as much residual ozone left at the end of the period as was present at the beginning of the period. 

Ozone does its job and then without much ado disappears back into safe oxygen.

Ozone occurs readily in nature, as a result of lightning strikes that occur during thunderstorms. The typical “fresh spring rain" smell that we notice after a storm most often results from nature's creation of ozone. In total, ozone makes up only 0.6 ppm of the atmosphere.

In standard conditions, ozone is a pale blue gas that condenses at progressively cryogenic temperatures to a dark blue liquid and finally a violet-black solid.

We are familiar with the "ozone layer" that circles the planet above the earth's atmosphere.  Here the ozone is created by the sun's ultra-violet rays. This layer serves to protect us from the sun’s sunburn-producing UVB (280–315 nm) ultra-violet radiation. .  The band of UV closest to visible light, UVA (315–400 nm), is hardly affected by ozone, and most of it reaches the ground, and is responsible for the production of vitamin D in humans.

Ozone can also be present in indoor air pollution, partly as a result of electronic equipment such as photocopiers. Electric motors using brushes can generate ozone from repeated sparking inside the unit. Large motors that use brushes, such as those used by elevators or hydraulic pumps, will generate more ozone than smaller motors.



Ozone is also widely used in treatment of water in aquariums and fish ponds. Its use can minimize bacterial growth, control parasites, eliminate transmission of some diseases, and reduce or eliminate "yellowing" of the water. Ozone must not come in contact with fish's gill structures. Ozone is also added to recirculating systems to reduce nitrite levels through conversion into nitrate.

USDA and FDA have approved ozone for use with food meant for human consumption.

Ozone is used for de-odourizing. The third oxygen atom of ozone makes it extremely reactive. This atom readily attaches itself to other odor molecules. When contaminants such as odors, bacteria or viruses make contact with ozone, their chemical structure is changed to less odorous compounds. As more ozone attacks the remaining compounds, the odor is eventually destroyed. Ozone will not mask odors - It destroys them!.This process is called oxidation.

Ozone essentially reverts back to oxygen after it is used. This makes it a very environmentally friendly oxidant. . When ozone comes in contact with organic compounds or bacteria, the extra atom of oxygen destroys the contaminant by oxidation. Ozone decomposes to oxygen after being used so no harmful by products result.

Basically ozone reacts with a foreign odor to change is composition so it is no longer the same odor. A new molecule is formed but this new molecule is typically less odorous that the original one.  Ozone is slightly heavier than air and will only stratify in very calm environments . Odors typically include urine, fecal, musty, pet etc.  It does NOT mask the odour, it destroys.  After this ozone decomposes back into oxygen and there is nothing to clean up.

Ozone will neutralize virtually all organic odors, specifically those that contain carbon as their base element. This will include all the bacteria and fungus groups as well as smoke, decay, and cooking odors. . Odors associated with dead bodies, and other forms of decay, like freezer failure have long resisted normal chemical deodorizing attempts.

Due to its oxidizing nature, ozone attacks and degrades natural latex rubber, thus a laminate like silica should be applied to car and freezer door moldings. Ozone also breaks down and thus oxidizes faster in the presence of moisture. Even high relative humidity can increase its action. Ozone can remove odors related to soot, smoke, mold, and mildew in a cost-effective, time-saving way.



Ozone is not as effective on “inorganic” odors like ammonia, phosphates, nitrates, sulfates, chlorides, etc.  Inorganic means C ( carbon ) will be in its chemical formula.  

With ozone, “more the merrier “ concept does NOT apply. It is not necessary that ozone be detected by humans for it to be effective. Ozone can work even when humans are not able to smell it. Several regulatory agencies, including the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA), have stipulated that the safe allowable level of residual is 0.1 ppm (parts per million). Note that this permissible level is for continuous exposure throughout an entire 8 hour day.  The odor of ozone is detectable by most people at a level of 0.003 - 0.015 ppm .


Ozone is NOT explosive. Calcium Hypochlorite usually catch fire while in storage.

Ozone is the strongest oxidant and disinfectant available for the treatment of aqueous solutions and gaseous mixtures.

Although ozone is only partially soluble in water, it is sufficiently soluble and stable such that its oxidation or disinfectant properties can be fully utilized. It can kill pathogens in seconds while other oxidants take several minutes.

Ozone enhances the flocculation and coagulation of organic material thereby improving filtration.  There is less  maintenance due to lower scaling and biological growth.  No need for  chemical storage or transportation.

Ozone is 3,125 times more germicidal than chlorine, how do you like this in a swimming pool crowded by unknown people.

I once sailed with a junior engineer who nearly died due to Methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA) infection, which he contacted from a smelly boxing glove in the gym ashore. Ozone gas can disinfect such a glove in seconds. Even if Ozone is used in water , less rinse water used reduces the overall discharged water.

Big 5 and 7 star hotels use ozone to lower costs and save money.   Nursing homes use ozone to reduce cross contamination of illness and infections. Wont you feel more comfortable if your child is born in a hospital with an ozone generator?



In good hotels and hospitals ozone is directly injected into the wash water as it enters the washing machine or utensil rinser or water fountains.

This is done by bubble diffusers and venturi Injectors.

A bubble diffuser is essentially a porous device used for breaking the gas into small bubbles at the bottom of a water column to allow the bubbles to slowly rise to the top of the column and dissolve into water.

A venturi injector requires a pressure differential across the device to create a vacuum to pull ozone gas into the device. Then, using mixing vanes the gas is thoroughly mixed with the water.

When ozone gas is injected into water at higher pressures more force will be placed on the wall of that gas bubble. This force will allow ozone to dissolve into water more efficiently.

Ozone at higher concentrations will dissolve into water more efficiently than ozone at lower concentrations.
Today, there are about 300 major water treatment plants in the United States that incorporate the use of ozone in their processes.

In 1982, ozone was given GRAS approval ( generally recognized as safe )  for use in bottled water.  Today, the majority of bottled water companies use ozone to ensure pure water that is pathogen free for consumers.
The use of ozone for wastewater disinfection has been growing in popularity due to strict regulations on fecal coliform and other pathogens. 


As chemical costs rise, ozone becomes a more cost effective solution for wastewater disinfection. Ozone can be produced on site using oxygen from the ambient air. Only electrical power is required for operation. Ozone is a green solution to wastewater disinfection. No by-products or waste products are formed in the creation of ozone.

Ozone is used as a sanitizer in Clean-In-Place (CIP) Systems. . The use of ozone eliminates the need of  hot water cycles, reducing the amount of water used, and the energy costs associated with hot water. These costs savings in conjunction with chemical savings have made ozone a cost saving measure.

In 2001, ozone was give GRAS approval for direct contact with all fish, meat and poultry products.
One of the major concerns for cross-contamination on food processing equipment is bio-film buildup. Bio-films are layers of microorganisms bonded tightly to a surface. 

Microbes can attach themselves to a surface and continue to grow layer upon layer of new microbes. The new layer of microbes can provide nutrients and protection against sanitizers to the existing layers of microbes. These layers of microbes can continue to grow, and become more resistant to sanitizers over time making sanitation more difficult if proper sanitation is not achieved on a regular basis. 




These resistant bio-films are most common in cracks, crevices, and corners of food processing equipment that are only sanitized periodically. In fact if you go to your own kitchen you can see such black biofilm build up in cracks near the wash basin and tiling grooves.

Microorganisms such as E.coli can build resistance to chlorine over time. A major drawback of chlorine and other chemicals is the harsh effect they have on equipment made of metals and wood. Equipment, walls, floors, drains, tanks, tubs, racks, knives, and tables can all be sprayed with aqueous ozone, destroying all bacteria, viruses, fungi, and spores. 



No other sanitation step after the use of ozone is necessary. In fact no rinse step is necessary after ozone as the ozone will leave no residual on the surface. This lowers cleaning time and water usage costs.

Many applications do not allow for water to penetrate locations where bacteria may reside and cause future cross-contamination. Gaseous ozone can be used with everything in place. Ozone alarms are installed for the safety of personnel. In this case there are two set-points. The first is an intermittent alarm, which is triggered at 0.25 ppm. The second alarm activates a ventilation fan at 0.5 ppm. Ozone levels are displayed on the sensor readout.




Ozonated ice can be used in the storage of fish to prolong shelf-life and maintain a fresher, better looking product to the end user. The other way is to buy fish doused in formalin and then have kidney dialysis and transplant later on in life.  In US and European fishing vessels , to maintain high quality fish products for market, ozonated ice is used on these vessels for the fish that are harvested early in the voyage and stored. Ozone can also be dissolved into water and used to wash seafood and fish fillet's to reduce bacteria and extend shelf-life in fresh fish.
  
Organic foods are typically foods that are grown without pesticides, herbicides, chemicals, or growth hormones. This means the food you are eating is more natural and free of synthetic products. There is a catch. 100% Organic — Products made entirely with certified organic ingredients and methods. Organic means products with at least 95% organic ingredients. Like our own ghee and asli ghee.

Most undesirable micro-organisms are anaerobic, which means that they thrive in the absence of oxygen; in fact, they are destroyed by the presence of oxygen. The viruses that contain lipids are more sensitive to deactivation by ozone – Herpes, Mumps, Measles, Influenza, Rabies, HIV etc .

Ozone causes increased metabolism inside the red blood cells  which releases more oxygen to the tissues. Ozone also stimulates the production of enzymes, which act as cell wall protectors and scavengers of free radicals. It enhances energy production in the cells by complex biochemical reactions. 


In circulatory disease, a clumping of red blood cells hinders blood flow through the small capillaries and decreases oxygen uptake by the red blood cells due to reduced surface area. Ozone reduces or eliminates clumping, and restores flexibility thereby increasing oxygen carrying capacity. Improved viscosity of the blood also leads to better oxygenation of the tissues.

Ozone oxidises the plaque in arteries, which unclogs and frees up the circulation. A vasodilator, Prostacycline, is also produced by ozone, which dilates the arteries. Ozone inhibits cancer cell metabolism. In addition, ozone oxidises the outer lipid layer of cancer cells, thus destroying them. 

Ozone improves brain function and memory.  It oxidises toxins, allowing their excretion and chelates heavy metals. It prevents and reverses degenerative disease. Ozone prevents and treats Autoimmune diseases and treats communicable diseases.



In the field of surgery Ozone find applications in abscesses, wound infection, septic conditions, peritonitis, burns, badly healing wounds, tropic ulcers, diabetic foot, urulent-destructive lung & pleura diseases, purulent arthritis, deformating arthrosis, cardio-surgical interferences, pre- and postoperative treatment etc.



In the field of internal medicine Ozone finds applications in chronic gastritis & gastroduodenitis, chronic colitis, peptic ulcer, chronic hepatitis, hepatocirrhosis, chronic bronchitis, bronchial asthma, rheumatic diseases, arthritis & arthrosis, ischemic heart disease, allergic diseases, diabetes mellitus etc



In the field of urology Ozone finds applications in chronic pyelonephritis, acute and chronic renal failure (nephrism), cystitis, diseases transmissible by sexual way, urethritis, prostatitis etc

In the field of neurology Ozone finds applications in Ischemic apoplectic attack, cerebrovascular insufficiency, diseases of peripheral nervous system, migraine, disseminated sclerosis, compressive ischemic neuropathies, spinal osteochondrosis etc



In the field of obstetrics & gynecology Ozone finds applications is inflammatory female genital diseases, bacterial vaginosis, vulvar dystrophy, fetoplacental insufficiency, pregnancy anemia, spontaneous & threatened abortion, prevention of fetus infection, fatness-associated pregnancy complications, infertility etc  

In vaginal, urethral or rectal insufflations Ozone is introduced into the vagina, urethra or rectum by means of a catheter.


In the field of dermatology Ozone finds applications in furunculosis, herpes, mycosis, scleroderma, psoriasis, neurodermatitis, eczema, bullous dermatosis, acne, allergodermia, lichen planus etc.  Ozone is bubbled through olive oil continuously for 7 days. The resulting cream is very effective as a topical application in a wide variety of skin conditions.


In the field of dentistry Ozone finds applications in caries lesions, hypersensitive teeth, cracked tooth syndrome, peri-apical lesions, gingival & periodontal diseases, post-extraction, post-extraction alveolitis, surgical procedures, peri-implantitis, soft-tissue lesions etc.


In the field of ophthalmology Ozone finds applications in eversion of the eyelid, glaucoma,  cataract, keratitis, conjunctivitis, erosion of the cornea, ulcers of the retina, etc.

In the field of cosmetology Ozone finds applications is acne rash, cellulites, local lipodystrophy, alopecia, vascular defects, hypertrophic & keloid scars, age related changes etc

In intravenous therapy an intravenous line is inserted into a vein, and 100-150ml of blood is drawn into a sterile vacuum flask. Medical ozone is also inserted into the flask and when the two are rapidly mixed together, the blood turns a bright cherry red. This ozonated blood is now highly charged with oxygenating power, and fed back into the same vein. The whole procedure takes about 30 minutes.


In autohaemotherapy 5-10 ml blood is withdrawn by syringe, mixed with ozone, and injected back into a deep muscle.

In external limb bagging a limb is covered with an airtight bag and ozone is introduced into the bag for 30-40 minutes.


NOTE: Ozone therapy is contraindicated in the following:

Ozone allergy, acute myocardial infarction, severe cardiovascular instability, convulsive status, pregnancy, recent internal bleeding and blood coagulation disorder, severe anemia, hyperthyroidism, thrombocytopenia, cramp tendency, ozone allergy, chronic relapsing pancreatitis, alcoholic intoxication etc

ABOVE IS TO AROUSE THE IMAGINATION OF THE READER, AS THE UNDERSIGNED IS NOT A CERTIFIED DOCTOR.

 

Pharmaceutical companies monopolized by Big Brother , use their power and unlimited financial resources to keep doctors from prescribing simple natural therapies - and their powerful lobbyists even get US Congress and WHO to disallow established health claims for natural remedies. If a patient doing Ozone therapy dies due to some other reason ( say an accident ) laws are in place to send the doctor to jail.

In 1986, canola oil was touted as being a healthy oil because it is lower in saturated fat (6%) than any other oil.  The GM Canola Council  attempted to link many of the benefits of olive-oil-rich Mediterranean-type diets to diets high in canola oil .  

Coconut oil was damned as the worst.

Canola sales went sky rocketing.  

Soon it was proved ( thanks to the internet ) that Canola oil is unfit for deep frying and is carcinogenic.

Today , the truth is out. Canola oil is the worst and Coconut oil is the best.

Punch into Google search-

COCONUT OIL IS GOOD FOR COOKING , IGNORE THE VESTED PROPAGANDA VADAKAYIL

Consumption of canola oil has been shown to cause fibrotic lesions of the heart, CNS degenerative disorders, prostate cancer, anemia, lung cancer, constipation, irritation of the mucous membranes and many toxic effects.

Oxygen comprises 62% to 71% of the body, and is the body’s most abundant and essential element. Ninety (90%) percent of all our biological energy comes from oxygen.  When you consider that disease-causing microorganisms, viruses, bacteria and pathogens cannot survive in oxygen-rich environments, you begin to see why oxygen therapy is the most powerful weapon for fighting disease.  

This is why ancient Maharishis propagated Pranayama. 

A highly oxygenated body is not only immune to disease, but it also destroys disease that already exists in the body.  Simply inhaling oxygen is not enough. Only 15% of the oxygen you inhale is absorbed into the bloodstream. Oxygen must enter the blood, and the blood, in turn, needs to deliver it to the cells and tissues of the body. This, then would raise tissue oxygen levels, kill bacteria, viruses and defective tissue cells, enable healthy cells to survive and multiply more rapidly - and ultimately create a stronger immune system. 

Dr. Otto Warburg who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine  stated that the prime cause of cancer is insufficient oxygen at the cellular level, and that cancer cells cannot survive in a high oxygen environment. 

The microbe is nothing. The terrain is everything.  HIV is nothing, its environment is everything.  

Bacteria, viruses and pathogens do not cause disease, but rather seek out environments where they can thrive best - and that is in oxygen-deprived and poor nutritious food consumer bodies. 

Ozonated water, which is simply water that has been infused with ozone via an ozonator, is an efficient way of oxygenating the body and accelerating the healing process. 

Drinking 6 to 8 glasses of ozonated water daily establishes a high level of oxygenation in the body, facilitates detoxification and accelerates the healing process. 

There are many inexpensive ozonators on the market that you can find by doing an Internet search with the key phrase “water ozonator.”




Have a look at what the lobbied up powers say about ozone—

 Food and Drug Administration (FDA),

Ozone is a toxic gas with no known useful medical application in specific, adjunctive, or preventive therapy. In order for ozone to be effective as a germicide, it must be present in a concentration far greater than that which can be safely tolerated by man and animals.

Environmental Protection Agency (EPA),

Ozone is an air pollutant that is harmful to breathe and it damages crops, trees and other vegetation. It is a main ingredient of urban smog.

NOW YOU KNOW WHAT THESE HONORABLE AGENCIES , WHO CONTROL HUMAN  HEALTH ARE WORTH
********************************************************************
6000 YEAR OLD KEDARNATH TEMPLE, THE HIGHEST AMONG THE TWELVE JYOTIRLINGA SHIVA TEMPLES – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ADI SHANKARACHARYA MOKSHA STHAL  2000 BC ,   NANDI BULL ,  GAURI KUND HOT WATER SPRINGS , KEDARNATH TEMPLE  BUILT BY EMPEROR JAYAMEYJAYAN GRANDSON OF ABHIMANYU –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 



Three days ago, Kedarnath temple and the Nandi Bull at its entrance was the sole survivor of landslides and flash floods.

Thousand of devotees are feared dead.

In the 2012 season 5.5 lakh pilgrims visited Kedarnath .

In 2000 BC, Adi Shankaracharya came to Kedarnath with 4 of his disciples.  However he preferred to go the final 14 kilometers alone to Kedarnath temple from Gauri Kund hot springs , which he created for his shivering disciples .



He shed his mortal coil at Kedarnath temple and attained moksha at the age of 32.  Moksha is freedom for the endless cycle of re-births.

The relatives of the pilgrims who died must seek consolation from this belief that at Kedanath you get Mokshsa , if you die ( not if you commit suicide ).   



Adi Shankaracharya who was born in Kerala at Kaladi , was kicked forward in time by the white Christian invader and their Tamilian Iyer Brahmin stooges by 2800 years .  

In return for fudging ancient Indian history, they granted the death of Adi Shankaracharya at Kanchipuram – which is a white lie.




Above: An ancient engineering marvel.

The Kanchi Mutt Chronicles , claim that Adi Sankaracharya had spent the last days of his life in Kanchipuram where he attained samadhi, and not in the Himalayas .  

They cooked upa Samadhi at the Kamakshi temple premises and named it `Shankaracharya samadhi'.  This is in addition to fudging the records for the line of Shankaracharyas in 800 AD instead of 2000 BC.

But what these Christian invader historians could NOT understand is that you can never have a samadhi inside a Devi temple.  So now this mandapam is renamed  as `Shankaracharya sannidhi', a sanctum,  not a dargah or tomb. 

Kedarnath temple Shiva lingam is pyramid shaped and hence is unique among Shiva temples. 



In the Mahabharat war of 4000 BC,  the finest flower of chivalry and heroism perished in the flames of war in a matter of eighteen days.   Pandavas were guilty of over drive, of course aided by Lord Krishna. They had no honour left and were having nightmares during sleep.  It was Lord Krishna himself who advised them to seek the blessing of Lord Shiva.

To find out what happened in the Mahabharata war, punch into Google search-

MAHABHARATA AND BHAGAWAT GITA 4000 BC VADAKAYIL 




Above:  Arjuna can be seen restraining Krishna from attacking grand sire Bheeshma against the rules of the war.  Bheeshma was killed by Arjuna by firing his arrows over the shoulders of Shikandi .  Bheeshma did NOT protect himself as he recognised Shikandi as Amba in re-birth.  Amba had jumped into the fire as Bheeshma refused to marry her ( in her previous life ),  when insisted by Parashurama..




Upon the onset of the Kali yuga and the departure of Lord Krishna, Yudhisthira and his four brothers retired, leaving the throne to their only descendant to survive the war of Kurukshetra, Arjuna's grandson Parikshit.  

Below: King Parikshit putting a poisonous snake on Shamika rishi while in deep meditation.



King Parikshit who was killed by snake bite , was father of Emperor Jayameyjayan who built Kedarnath Temple in a grand manner . 



Giving up all their belongings and ties, the Pandavas and Draupadi , accompanied by a dog, made their final journey of pilgrimage to the Himalayas in search of Lord Shiva .

Meanwhile at Kedarnath a very healthy and good looking bull joined them.  Shiva has taken the form of the bull, as he was NOT happy with the Pandavas for their deceit during the war, and hence loathe to give them darshan.  



The Pandavas sort of had the gut feeling that the bull was Shiva in disguise.  Bhima as usual jumped the gun and tried to catch the bull by its tail.  Lord Shiva just disappeared into the ground, leaving the hump above the ground as a Lingam,  and a blazing fiery column of light sprouted. This is why only the Kedarnath Shiva Lingam is a sort of a  hump.

Digression:  While climbing the peaks, Draupadi and four of the Pandavas fell to their deaths, dragged down by the weight of their guilt for their enormous sins.  Yudhisthira was the only one to reach the mountain peak, because he was unblemished by sin or untruth.



The fact remains that he did deceive to kill his Guru Dronacharya, by using a loophole . He said Ashwatthama is dead alluding to an elephant , which was also the name of Dronacharya’s son. Dronacharya got down from his chariot in grief , sat down in meditative pose and he was beheaded from behind..



On reaching the top, Indra asked him to abandon the dog before entering the Heaven, at Chorabari  Sarovar. But Yudhisthira refused to do so, citing the dog's unflinching loyalty as a reason.  Once again it turned out that the dog was his father, Dharma.




Chorabari lake, 3900 metres above sea level is also known as Gandhi sarovar, as his ashes were immersed here. You can see the Chorabari Bamak glacier in the picture above-- 3 kms from Kedarnath.



The origin of the revered temple can be found in the great epic Mahabharat.

Why was King Pariskhit , the father of Emperor Jayemeyjayan killed by snake bite?

Those who are interested in knowing this punch into Google search –
KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA VADAKAYIL

Outside the Kedarnath temple there is a stone statue of Nandi bull.



Who is Nandi?

Nandi, the sacred bull that Shiva rides, is another commonly recognizable symbol of Shiva worship.  Almost all Shiva temples have the Nandi humped bull reclining on a raised platform and facing the entrance door of the shrine gazing at the Lord in his symbolic Shiva Lingam form.

After Samudra Manthan the whole sea polymerized due to a deadly poison catalyzed by Snake Vasuki’s venom.  The planet was now in imminent danger .  Lord Shiva came forward as only he could salvage the grave situation.


Shiva scooped up the poison into his hand and drank it. Fearing that her husband would die, Parvati constricted his neck and the descent of the poison was in turn stopped at his throat. The poison started spilling out of his mouth and Nandi jumped forward and lapped it up.  

The devas and asuras watching were shocked and wondered aloud what would happen to Nandi.  Lord Siva calmed their fears saying, "Nandi  has surrendered into me so completely that he has all my powers and my protection".  Nandi is lso considered as  one of Shiva’s two door-keepers, the other being Mahakala.



Above : View from Kedarnath temple.

Adi  Sankaracharya  renovated the Kedarnath shrine in 2000 BC.  At the back, there is the Samadhi of Shankaracharya which is visited by all who visit the Kedarnath temple.  





Above: The Adi Shankaracharya samadhi at Kedarnath houses a spathika shivalingam. Spatika shivalingam is basically a trigonal srystal , one part silicon and two parts oxygen. It has  mysterious healing properties and removes all curses and negative karma . Nobody ever leaves Kedarnath without praying to this Shiva lingam.


He established four mutts in four directions of the country in 2000 BC – Jyotir mutt in North,  Govardhan Mutt at Puri in east,  Shringeri  Mutt in Karnataka in south and Dwarika mutt in Gujarat in west .



Above : Photograph of Kedarnath temple 130 years ago.

Kanchi Mutt which Tamil Iyers stooges of the British keep shouting from tree tops about,  did NOT exist in Adi Shankaracharya’s scheme of affairs.  Kanchi Mutt is the one who kicked Adi Shankaracharya 2800 years forward in time  Fake Kanchi mutt records were created in collusion with desh drohi Tamil Iyers.. 




Above : Photograph of Kedarnath temple in July 2013--after the floods.

The British would have recorded Adi Shankaracharya's conversations with imaginary Christians and Muslims outside Kanchi Mutt -- the same way they made Lord Ayyappa of Sabarimala do,  to make him a very recent phenomenon after the birth of Christianity and Islam..





Above: Photograph of Kedarnath temple 130 years ago.


In Hinduism, Char Dham Yatra in Himalayas comprises of pilgrimage to Badrinath Temple, Kedarnath Temple, Gangotri and Yamunotri in Uttarakhand.

Kedarnath temple in Uttarakhand state is nestled in the snow-clad Himalayas is only by foot, and open only for six months a year.  From Gaurikund hot water springs it is a 14 kms journey by foot or by horses. The pilgrim gets to witness wild unparalleled scenic beauty,  panoramic views of innumerable snow - clad peaks,  mind blowing rhododendron forests and enchanting alpine meadows. . 



It is very close to the indo- Chinese border, where the Mandakini River originates.

The head priest (Rawal) of the Kedarnath temple belongs to the Veerashaiva community from Karnataka.. 

Originally Kerala Namboodiris were the priests, as ordained by Adi Shankaracharya. 



The Rawal moves along with the deity to Ukhimath during the winter season when the temple is totally rimed by hard ice and path is blocked by snow. Near Kedarnath is the source of the river Mandakini that joins Alakananda at Rudraprayag.



Ascending the large gray steps leading to the holy sanctum of Kedarnath you can find inscriptions in Pali.. The main shrine is known as Garbha Griha, where the devotees pay their offerings and worship Lord Shiva.  The mandap, houses the images of Pandavas , Draupadi , Lord Krishna and  Kunti (mother of Pandavas).  

There are 12 Jyothirlinga temples in India, where Lord Shiva appeared as a blazing column of light.




The Dwadasa Jyotirlinga Stotra:-
Saurashtre Somanaatham Cha
Sree Shaile Mallikarjunam
Ujjayinyaam Mahaakaalam
Omkaare Mamaleswaram
Himalaye to Kedaram
Daakinyaam Bhimashankaram
Vaaranaasyaam cha Viswesam
Trayambakam Gowtameethate
Paralyaam Vaidyanaatham cha
Naagesam Daarukaavane
Setubandhe Ramesham
Grushnesam cha Shivaalaye



Punch into Google search-

ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY  ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL






In Skand Puran Sage Narada explains to a hunter that Kedarnath  is the most auspicious place. Dying here brings salvation even to the animals and the birds.  



A pilgrim who visits Badrinath without visiting Kedarnath does not get the full benefit of the pilgrimage. 

Drinking the water that has been offered at Kedarnath removes the bad Karma of many births and  frees the ancestors of their sins .

Shiva lingam stone is a black meterorite stone which hold the DNA  or seed of life on earth.



Christians, Jews and Muslims used to ridicule this stone as Shiva’s penis, till NASA broke a bombshell 2 years ago,  that DNA is inherent in this stone.

Punch into Google search NASA DNA METERORITE VADAKAYIL




You can see pilgrims just sitting in silence inside the Kedarnath temple mandap deep in meditation or just reflecting on Lord Shiva in silence. 

The time you spend alone with Lord Shiva at Kedarnath  will transform your character .. Later your integrity in an unbelieving world will make others long to go on pilgrimage to Kedarnath.


The foreign funded Indian TV under the influence of JOSHUA PROJECT 2 , are doing overdrive on prime time that the Indian government must control the number of pilgrims to Kedarnath.  

They had recently tried the same stunt with Sabarimala , saying that the pilgrims frightened the animals in the forest.  

Hey, much better— they must tell all the Hindu pilgrims to convert to Christianity and send them to Jesusalem and Vatican.




















Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.
********************************************************************
KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KANCHIPURAM MATH A FAKE  CREATION BY BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY ,  ADI SHANKARACHARYA AND HIS FOUR MUTTS,   SRINGERI  MUTT SHAKHA RELOCATED FROM KUMBAKONAM TO KANCHI WITH BRITISH CONNIVANCE  ,  FALSE FLAG ROTHSCHILD ATTACK ON SRINGERI MUTT IN 1791 TO STEAL BOOKS –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above : Sarada Mutt Sringeri .

We just had the Kedarnath floods where the Samadhi of Adi Shankaracharya behind the Kedarnath Temple was washed away. 




Above: Jothir Mutt Badrinath.




Above: Goverdhan Mutt Puri




Above: Kalika Mutt Dwaraka


Each mutt was assigned one Veda. The mutts are Jyothir Mutt at Badrinath in northern India with Atharva Veda; Sarada Mutt at Sringeri in southern India with Yajur Veda; Govardhan Mutt at Jaganath Puri in eastern India with Rig Veda and Kalika Mutt at Dwarka in western India with Sama Veda.

It will well known that Adi Shankaracharya attained Moksha at Kedarnath temple 4000 years ago at the age of 32. Before Adi Shankaracharya died, he established four Mutts to propagate Vedanta and the Advaita form of Hindusim at Sringeri, Dwarka, Puri and Badrinath.

But I can see several posts on the Internet , which lies that Adi Shankaracharya died at Kanchi Mutt. There are no record anywhere in India of a Kanchi Mutt or a Kanchi shakha of Sringeri Mutt .

In 1839 AD, the head of the Kumbhakonam shakha of the Sringeri mutt was told by Rothschild to apply for permission to the English Collector to perform the kumbhabhishekam of the Kamakshi temple in Kanchipuram. 

The whole idea was to divide and rule. The Tamil Iyers were given plum administrative posts in the British government for being traitors to India and to Hinduism.  Tamil Iyers who were just 2% of the population those days , discriminated against the rest 98%.   

This was the main reason a lot of dalits became atheists ( like EVR Periyar ) and converted to Christianity and Islam. All this broke Hindu unity and thus it was easier for the British to control the area.

Sringeri Mutt , the southernmost Mutt where Adi Shankaracharya spent 12 years of his adult life later on had a minor shakha or branch at Kumbakonam.   Such shakhas are very common for there are 5 Adi Sankaracharya mutts around Sringeri itself at Kudali, Avani, Pushpagiri, Virupksha and Sankeshwar.



Above : Sringeri Mutt

In their endeavor to do DIVIDE AND RULE , the owners of British East India Company who ruled India , German Jew Rothschild conducted a false flag attack on Sringeri Mutt in 1791 using their mercenary Laman regiment. Laman is son of Lehi for the Jews .  Lehi is the “warrior for Jerusalem”. The treasures in Sringeri Mutt was looted . 

This was immoral political treachery to divide and rule and to drive a wedge between the ordinary Hindu Kannada citizens and the Hindu Marathas , with added benefit of the Hindu Marathas suspecting Muslim Tipu Sultan .  Tipu Sultan also denied that he attacked Sringeri Mutt.  

All the rare Sanskrit manuscripts in Math , Science, Astronomy and original copies of Upanishads were stolen from Sringeri Mutt. 

The Muslim would burn it, he wont steal.  Hindus would neither steal nor burn. 

All these manuscripts were used in Europe later to steal knowledge and patent it in the names of the white Christians and Jews. These precious books were kept in the Sringeri library as the monastery is devoted to Goddess Saraswati, the goddess of learning.

The shocked Pathwardhans promptly denied this attack on Sringeri Mutt .  It was like cutting their own feet, it made no sense.  

Mind you, Maratha Pathwardhan clan were once stooges of the British rulers .  A person no less than Arthur Wellesley called the Patwardhans "the most ancient friends that the British Government have in the Maratha Empire” . The British signed the  Treaty of Salbai on May 17, 1782, with the Marathas, as an ally against Tipu Sultan.

There were two Maratha kingdoms nearby. The Peshwa Pathwardhan clan and the Bhonsle clan ruling Tanjore , currently part of Tamil Nadu..




At the time of this attack Rothschild was trying to oust the Maratha king Amar Singh (Ramaswami Amarasimha Bhonsle) from Tanjore kingdom, in order to install their puppet king Serfoji Bhonsle  who was under the care of German Jew Freidrich Schwartzenberg. 




Above: Sringeri Mutt

Finally they got him on the throne of Tanjore on June 29, 1798.  In return for their assistance, Serfoji was forced to cede the administration of the Kingdom to the British and, in return, was granted an annual pension of 100,000 star pagodas and one-fifth of the state's land revenue. 

Serfoji's sovereignty was restricted to the Fort of Thanjavur and its surrounding areas and he goes down in history as the last sovereign ruler of Thanjavur (Tanjore ).

It has always been the endeavor of the British historian assisted by BR Ambedkar to prove that Buddha was born before Adi Shankaracharya. And that Adi Shankaracharya stole most of his ideas from Buddhism, including concepts like Moksha , Advaita concept etc.

The white historian dated Buddha at 563 BC, while actually Buddha was born in 1900 BC to the Ikshvaku lineage and was alive when King Ajatashatru was crowned.

The white historian dated Adi Shankaracharya at 788 AD, while actually Adi Shankaracharya was born in 2000 BC.

With the Tamil Iyer stooges of the British claimed that Adi Shankaracharya was a Tamilian, while actually he was born in Kaladi Kerala.

When the British invader placed Chandrasekharendra Saraswati, as the head of the non-existant Kanchi mutt , they also made it superior to the other 4 mutts.  If Adi Shankaracharya indeed died at Kanchi Mutt, why the hell did they establish a “so called” Kumbakonam Mutt?

No Tamil , Sanskrit or Malayalam literature before 19th century speaks of Kanchi Mutt . Adi Shankaracharya had ordained the Kerala Namboodriris should be the heads of all four Mutts. 

The fake Kanchi Mutt was heavily sponsored by the British. They wrote a fake history and cooked up texts with the help of Tamilian Iyers to make things authentic. The white historian wrote in their encyclopedias that Adi Shankaracharya at Kanchipuram Mutt. 

The Kanchi Mutt Chronicles cooked up a samadhi or sarvagna-pitha at the Kamakshi temple premises and named it `Shankaracharya samadhi'.  But what these Christian invader historians could NOT understand is that you can never have a samadhi inside a Devi temple.  So now this mandapam is renamed  as `Shankaracharya sannidhi', a sanctum,  not a dargah or tomb.  

Both Sri Chandrasekharendra Saraswati and his successor Sri Jayendra Saraswati also were actively involved in this fake and immoral propaganda. They created a  a FAKE lineage of 68 Kanchi Mutt acharyas or pontiffs. 

Sanatana Dharma set up by Adi Shankaracharya does NOT allow a lineage of pontiffs like the Pope.. Sanatana Dharma never had an organized structure comparable to the Roman Catholic Church. 

To add insult to injury this FAKE Kanchi Mutt suddenly claimed superiority to the other four original Mutts set up by Adi Shankaracharya. 

The last two acharyas Sri Chandrasekharendra Saraswati and his successor Sri Jayendra Saraswati behaved like ancient maharishis, with Tamilians Iyers bowing and touching their feet as if they were gods..
  


Above: Chandrasekharendra Saraswati 

It is however on record that the Kumbhakonam shakha of Sringeri Mutt was established in 1821 AD by the  Maratha monarch of Tanjore, Pratap Singh Tuljaji Bhonsle.  

This structure of the shakha ( branch ) at Kumbhakonam has Kannada inscriptions.  The Maratha Bhonsle dynasty, were the rulers of Thanjavur principality of Tamil Nadu between the 17th to the 19th century AD.. Their native language was Marathi and used Tamil as a working language -- NOT Kannada .

The Kanchi SUB-shakha dates from only from 1842 AD.  The headquarters of the continued to be at Kumbhakonam but the acharya head would periodically visit Kanchipuram to assert his rights over the Kamakshi temple. 

In return the Kanchi Mutt helped propagate a strict caste system, which suffocated the balance 98% of the Tamilians. The lower castes were NOT allowed to enter temples .


You have no idea to what extent Rothschild could go to cook up fake history. They even did the propaganda that Tipu Sultan helped to rebuild Sringeri Mutt after the false flag attack .  29 letters between the Sringeri Acharya and Tipu Sultan were cooked up from the period of 8 years after the attack. Tipu Sultan was finally killed in 1799.

Punch into Google search-
TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

Below: The place where Tipu Sultan's dead body was found ( old photo 160 years ago )




Below : Modern spot of  Tipu Sultan's dead body.





All four original Mutts shared good relations with each other except this FAKE Kanchi Mutt.




Above : Sringeri Mutt.

Adi Shankaracharya chose the Sringeri Mutt site at the banks of the river Tunga.  He and his four disciples, travelled to Sringeri (Chikmagalur district ) on a very hot afternoon. 

As they proceeded to the river Tunga for their ablutions, they saw a frog struggling in the blazing sun to be delivered of its spawn. A cobra, a natural enemy of frogs, had raised its hood to provide the frog with shelter and protection from the ravages of the tropical sun. 




Sankara was greatly moved by the sanctity of this place and this inspired him to mark the spot of the Southern Mutt, after some calculations. There is a shrine on the banks of the Holy Tunga river in memory to the divine sight witnessed by Adi Shankaracharya.

The Kanchi Pontiff Jayendra Saraswathi almost converted his MUTT to be a political kingmaker’s office . AIDMK chief Jayalalithaa took his blessings before releasing the list of party candidates for the 1996 elections to the State Assembly.  

His predecessor Chandrasekharendra Saraswati was a  staunch advocate of secularism as state policy. 

Jayendra Saraswathi  tried to poke his head into the affairs ( like a POPE ) into the system of rituals followed at the Sri Venkateswara temple at Tirumala. The Vaishnavite seers and mutt heads, just told him to FO and lay off from issues relating to Tirumala because he "does not belong to Srivaishnavism and hence need not interfere with the Vaishnava traditions. 

They did NOT dare to take this stance when India was under British rule, the official sponsors of Kanchi Mutt. 

Later Jayendra fell out with Jayalalitha and found himself in jail . 




Above : Wannabe Pope and Amma.

He had accused her of `ahankara' (arrogance) . TEE HEEEE !
********************************************************************
MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MOKSHA  FOR  ADI  SHANKARACHARYA  AT  KEDARNATH ,  FINAL END  OF  REBIRTHS AND REINCARNATIONS AFTER NIRVANA ,  TURIYA ,  VIDEHA MUKTI BURIAL FOR  MAHARISHI RAMANA  THE  LIBERATED SOUL –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Moksha  in Hindusim is given through the grace of god alone and only for those who deserve it.   
After death this deserving soul  is liberated from the endless cycle of births and rebirths.

The body of the “realized man” or Jivan Mukt  continues to exist until his karmas and prarabdhas ( greater responsibility ) has worked itself out,  and then his mortal coil falls away on his own free will , and he attains Moksha.  

Adi Shankaracharya attained Moksha at the age of 32 at Kedarnath temple ,  after he set up the four Hindu Mutts at Sringeri, Dwarka, Puri and Badrinath for each of the four Vedas.  He also wrote a treatise on the Advaita form of Hindusim,  before he attained Moksha.



Punch into Google search-
ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY , ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL

A Jivanmukt saint is NOT cremated in Hinduism. He is buried in a sitting meditative pose. An example is Maharishi Ramana.

Punch into Google search - 
RAMANA MAHARSHI OF ARUNACHALA , THE LAST OF THE SEERS VADAKAYIL

You cannot be deemed a Jivanmukta unless you have the noble qualities for it.

Such people have sterling virtues like conscience, lack of ego,  gratitude , lack of desires- selfishness- greed- jealousy- anger- and fear, unlimited compassion,   respect for universal laws,  raised consciousness and humility ( which yours truly does NOT have though I hold a rare Moksha Jatakam ).


He who is the same in honour and disgrace and the same to friends and foes, who has given up all undertakings, he is said to having gone beyond all modes. (Bhagavat Gita 14, 22-25.).

A Jivanmukta has reached the imperishable Turiya state.  It means  “consciousness minus thinking” . It represents supreme consciousness free from material influence . . In Turiya there is the absolute awareness .

It is the experience of ultimate reality and truth.  In Turiya, the self does not think, feel, or do, but rather observes thought, emotion, and action capable of truly understanding the totality of the universe.



Turiya has no limits and no endpoint. It is infinitely transcendent, which means its potential is forever expanding.  You are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth..

Reality and truth become more clearly defined, allowing you to perceive that which lies above, below, and beyond the human experience.

This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity this highest state is not affected by Maya The Waker, The Dreamer, The Deep Sleeper and The Observer. You experience detachment and joy .  Turiya Consciousness  is the ultimate goal of spirituality for here you know what freedom is all about. 

Turiya is regarded as synonymous with videhamukti, liberation without a body A saint is a very ordinary guy.. A sage is the extraordinary being. A sage does not dream, because he has no polarity. He’s just a witness. 

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.

Four stages: consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.

We ordinary people lack contact with our fourth state of consciousness, and so we fail to live up to our potential as human beings. Turiya yoga emphasizes a complete freedom, rejecting force and power, and instead embracing the ideal of a universal harmony.




It is not considered a state in Vedic  Indian texts, rather it is an absence of states (dualistic or otherwise), and in Turiya; the practitioner is able to transcend into advaitya-- Into universal oneness.

In Hindusim your physical body is just like clothes or a snake skin.  On death you just change your body to another one, it need NOT be human.

A Jivanmukta is a sage who is liberated from bondage even while living with a body.  . He has delight in the Self, he sports in the Self, he has company with the Self, he has bliss in the Self.  He is autonomous. He has unlimited freedom.

The Jivanmukta does not feel the necessity for abiding by what brings pleasure to the physical body. The palm of the hand is his bowl, the earth is his bed, the sky is his clothing.

He has reached the climax of perfection and the whole universe is a part of his body. The forces of the universe are his friends, not his enemies .

The sage does not care for public criticism. He keeps a cool mind even when he is abused or assaulted.

In Hindusim your physical body is just like clothes or a snake skin.  On death you just change your body to another one, which need NOT be human.


Now let me digress , and tell you a few things in greater detail—about virtues or lack of it. When God decides to give you moksha it is NOT on mere whims. He keeps a tally.

Gratitude is the parent of all other human virtues. Grateful people have memories stored inside their hearts. Gratitude is the most beautiful and fragrant flower, in the garden of your soul. An ungrateful guy has only one vice, the rest of all his vices and crimes can pass off as virtues. Greed's worst and darkest point is ingratitude. 

We talk about forgiveness to be happy. Well i will put it in another way. The only time you should get even is with a person who helped you when you were in deep trouble, and you ass was on the line--without any expectation of reciprocity. 

Even concealing a kindness received is ingratitude. Conveniently forgetting it is even a greater sin. It was indeed a fine poet who wrote"  Blow, blow, thou winter wind, and chill my bones- thou art not so unkind as man's ingratitude"

Christianity with all its inquisitions and materialism, has never really addressed the DHARMA of listening to that inner voice, which comes as a sudden spark of divinity. 

When you convert people from other religions with missionaries aggressively harvesting souls by shoving sops down hapless throats, conscience takes a back seat. Fanaticism has never slept in Christianity , it has never been stopped by conscience nor has it ever pressed conscience into its service.

Nowadays you find the John Galt pledge being aggressively pursued on the Internet, with some Indian Hindu names too in the list.  I guess these are the ungrateful types who throw away their aged parents from their homes.  An man with conscience can never be ungrateful. So, what is this pledge?

The John fu#kin' Galt Pledge--

"I swear by my life, and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine."

“I take this pledge as a personal Declaration of Independence.  As a sovereign individual, I assert the exclusive right to my life, my liberty and my property, as guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution. As government is properly instituted to protect my rights, I oppose, and declare as unconstitutional, all actions taken by government that violate the very rights it is charged with defending.  I support a return to the principle of individualism upon which this country was founded.  And rejecting any initiation of the use of force as being wholly inappropriate, I support a society based strictly upon voluntary association and free trade among its people”.
  
ATTABOYS! and ATTAGIRLS!!

Ayn Rand who wrote ATLAS SHRUGGED , who has John Galt as the capitalist hero, was a mistress of Rothschild.

Well if your parents did NOT feed you as a baby you would NOT be around, buddy.  Now that you are big and strong you will abandon your old vulnerable parents in an old age home. One day you will be in the same boat—as your own children will take the John Galt pledge.

When you have a bigot in funny robes with a curved staff holding a hot line between you and your god, then I suggest you must fear virtue more than vice. Because the, its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience.

The Catholic Church and the Koran has warned that "rejection of the authority and gospel teaching...can be at the source of errors in judgment in moral conduct"—based on one single book?

 When Christianity and Islam says that theirs is the only true path which other religions have missed , what it is all about?

In Hinduism it is your own conscience, (which arose out of awakened consciousness ) which connects you to the greater metaphysical unity. 

In the literary traditions of the Upanishads, Brahma Sutras and the Bhagavad Gita, conscience is the label given to attributes composing knowledge about virtues and vices but also good and evil, that a soul acquires from the completion of acts and consequent accretion of karma over many lifetimes.

The awareness of vice and virtue is inherent in the soul, Gratitude is inherent and woven into Hinduism , which makes this religion noble. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust.

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek  moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.   Sanatana means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm.

Dharma means " righteousness".  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death.  Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma.

Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation. Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws. You conscience is that spark of celestial fire. God resides in your DNA.

Never do anything against conscience even if the state , your society or your religion demands it. In Hinduism you sin, if you go against your conscience.

A computer does NOT have a conscience. This is why Modern Economics which is hijacked by empirical formulas or Quadratic Equations , which can be tweaked to suit a selfish Central banker, has wreaked terrible damage to society. 

A man of conscience does NOT jump into the bandwagon, rather he will stand a fight all alone, against the howling mob.

A government cannot have a conscience. Yes, they can have a policy book. How many Policy statements by the topmost MD or President allows you to exercise your conscience?

My standing orders at sea to my sailors always exhorted them to use their conscience.

How many judges in a court of law exercise their conscience  or even  listen to the voice of conscience-- and these guys say they take care of  humanity and society, right?  There can be no accuser as powerful as your own conscience. 

Have you ever seen a lawyer with conscience?  Nowadays successful hot-shot lawyers , who own Rolls Royce cars and yachts use " where does this manual say when to have breakfast?" type CHICANERY to sway the judge and jury, whose conscience is in hibernation, due to poor perception and consciousness.. 

Today if you engage a lawyer, the only thing which is 100% sure ( like death ) is the expense.
I would have loved to be  a criminal lawyer—but then I would have to shackled my conscience. I do know that I am smart enough I can screw anybody in an argument or a debate.

At sea as a leader I have given top priority to courage of convictions of my Junior Officers , and in my standing orders which overrides company policy, as Captain’s authority, I exhort them to use it. I assure them that they will NOT be dismissed from service if I am convinced of evoking natural law and natural justice.

There is indeed a higher court than courts of justice or courts of honour, and that is the court of conscience. It supersedes all other courts. Have you ever noticed that it is your conscience which tell you, enough is enough. 

Any person of honor chooses rather to lose his honor than to lose his conscience. Nobel peace prize winners striking and killing unarmed civilians with drones to preserve their way of life, talk about “this years fashion in conscience” in Presidential debates.

And they go around with their work happily , with an audience clapping and cheering them on. What irony! Once your conscience, which is the window to your spirit,  is offended it shows on your face --as it is good bye tranquil mind.

Such evil people mistake short memory for a clear conscience. Conscience is your inner antenna.  Human dignity requires an upright conscience.

Deep within his conscience every man discovers a celestial law which he has not laid upon himself,  even society or his upbringing -- which he must obey.  It is his most secret core, and his sanctuary, where he is alone with God, to have a silent and short dialogue . 

To youngsters who are about to take up a career , I will tell them this—“Never take up a job in which you cannot apply your own conscience”  This is in case you want to happy , when your work is a continuous festival of joy. Then you can have  a face without lines , like yours truly- at the age of 57.

A comfortable house and wealth is a great source of happiness. It ranks only after good health which springs out of happiness anchored by good conscience. A guilty conscience needs no accuser. There is pillow as hard as a guilty conscience. Conscience is what makes you behave well behind closed doors or when nobody is looking...

Conscience an aspect of extended consciousness beyond survival-related dispositions . Conscience is a gift of crisis--- It tells you the right thing to do when you don't have time to figure it all out. 

Conscience thinks in a flash, in terms of metaphor, feelings, pictures, and the spatial whole and doesn't fit neatly into the cause-and-effect model. Your conscience will not force you to do things that are truly wrong for yourself or other people in contradiction with the laws of the universe.

We cannot command our conscience to use it at will. It just surfaces spontaneously when certain circumstances are present—it suddenly appears as a feeling. 

Conscience extrapolates larger truths . Use it as a guide always, never ignore it. If you do NOT have a conscience you cannot attain moksha , no matter whether you pray to God -- 5 times a day on your knees or 50.

We all know what the Irish Catholics did to Savita , right?  

Just because it is written “NO SWIMMING ON SUNDAYS “— they will NOT rescue a Hindu child drowning on Sunday , and ignore the cries for help.  These immoral people  will happily watch the child drown and be happy about it.

Punch into Google search-
SAVITA HALAPPANAVAR , THE MURDER OF THE HIPPOCRATIC OATH  VADAKAYIL

Hope their Lord will give them salvation.

Now let me talk about ego.

The ego thrives on others and lives on attention . Human ego demands personal recognition and wastes energy in resentment if it does not get enough. The underlying emotion for the ego is fear, the fear of being a nobody.

The chatter of the ego continuously disrupts the natural state of well being.  Stress is from within the mind , not by external threat.  Ego creates suffering without recognising it.

It’s hard to get into the boardrooms and MD offices of some organizations because the egos of the leaders take up way too much space. Only bootlickers and hand kissers are allowed into their inner sanctum. They recruit yes-men instead of capable men.

The waitress turned empress has surrounded herself with a desh drohi coterie. Ego tries to enlarge and strengthen by forming gangs and posses. Here the ego has simply shifted from the personal to the collective.

Their ego makes them take everything personally. 

They mistake a short memory for a clear conscience and are miserabe within.  They are unable to listen to another person's view without feeling threatened. They leave debris and destruction wherever they go. 

They are very eager to see their picture in newspapers.  Yesterday the Italian Queen Bee “flagged off a truck” in great style ,(  like how Nero flagged off the games in Rome) --  with relief supplies to Uttarakhand where there is a huge tragedy.



Above: Getting personal mileage out of gruesome human tragedy -- the worst human trait-- see Sonia Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi and Sheila Dixit .

Their indifference arises due to ego. Their ego cannot distinguish between a situation and their interpretation and reaction to that situation. Cooperation is alien to ego except when there is a secondary motive.

The ego becomes the grit in the system that gets in the way of authentic meaningful communication. Their self-talk is the mouthpiece of ego, their inflated, overbearing egos create rules for rules’ sake.

They complicate procedures , squash good ideas and keep good people down. Their ego makes them unwilling to admit that they know zilch about a subject in a meeting—the equivalent of the ear trying to tell what it saw and tasted and smelt, in a bulldozing manner.

They brood endlessly on their petty grievances, never held before them any vision that might have lifted them out of themselves. They substitute their thinking capabilities with their loud cynical talking capabilities. 

Have you ever heard the Queen Bee’s immoral spokesmen on TV , calling people who have tried to help at Kedarnath, as Rambo ?



Compulsive liars are driven by egos feelings of insufficiency.. Ego will force them to make life difficult for others—for they feel the need to put people in their place or get into one-upmanship games. 

Such wretched people would give only conditional love to a small child or a kitten. They would flag off the food to a starving kitten,  with TV cameras running.

Ego confuses opinions with facts . Every ego is a master of selective perception and distorted interpretation. Ego likes to judge and be right. To the ego the present moment NOW hardly exists and is always concerned with keeping the past alive. Ego looks at the present with jaundiced eyes of the past.

When people argue they will act as if they are fighting for survival and there is a imminent need to win at all costs. Such is the self delusion caused by ego. The ego thrives on reactivity.

To be free of ego all you need to do is to be aware of your thoughts and emotions as they happen. Awareness and ego cannot coexist. It is difficult to see one's own ego. There is a fine line between pride and arrogance, that line is called EGO.

The danger zone is when you start thinking that your accomplishments earn you the right to be condescending, obnoxious and abusive. Since leadership is of spirit, the ego powered men can never be good leaders--they can never rise over the post of a mangy manager.

It is the nature of the right brain lobe, to be accepting and free of judgements. Ego makes a donkey think that he is THE champion race horse.— or an ex-waitress to think that she is an empress of the first King on Earth’s lineage.

Jealousy has the power to destroy.  There is no greater punishment than the primal emotion of jealousy,  for it is the most potent cause of unhappiness.  Jealousy causes negative feelings and misery which corrode your innards like rust to iron. 

When you get jealous you drink poison and wait for the other person to die-  TEE HEEEE!.

When you are jealous you count the other fellow's blessings instead of your own, and lose your peace of mind—rather burn up inside.. It is in the character of very few men to honor without envy a friend who has prospered. The sure mark of one born with noble qualities, is being born without envy.  Of the seven deadly sins, only envy aint no fun at all.

The surest route to breeding jealousy is to compare In Hinduism, envy is a disastrous emotion.  Hinduism maintains that anything which causes the mind to lose balance with itself , leads to misery.  Envy cannot coexist with truth and spiritual wisdom.

One who does not envy but is a compassionate friend to all ... such a devotee is very dear to Me. - Lord Krishna in Bhagavad Gita, Chapter 12, Verse 15. 4000 BC

Getting back-

Moksha is not an achievement, therefore there is no competition.  It is liberation from , the cycle of death and rebirth.  Your soul achieves its pure self.  After liberation or nirvana or moksha there is no rebirth.

There are no marks and grading. You get Moksha or you don’t, depending on what you are worth.
 Moksha is spiritual realization. 

The attainment of moksha is EXTREMELY rare and countless reincarnations are required for a person to reach this state of spiritual perfection.

The Hlndu Dharma tells that  man does not live by bread alone, nor by his work, bank balance, slimy popularity , ambition or power or relations to external nature. He lives or must live by his life of  spirit.

Moksha is self-emancipation. The fulfillment of the spirit in us in the heart of the eternal. This is what gives ultimate satisfaction and all other activities are directed to the realization of this end.  It is attained by realization of our true identity.

The Upanishads established moksha as the ultimate goal of all Hindu religious and spiritual activity. Moksha is the fulfillment of life's purpose. Life ends on this earth plane when you attain Moksha or liberation from birth and death.

You are liberated from littleness into vastness, from bondage to boundless bliss. . The conquest of ignorance, ego, attachment, and impulse brings about liberation (moksha) for the individual. The one who is a slave to impulses and tendencies (vasanas) is devoid of wisdom.

Without jnana, there can be no moksha.  Jnana is always revealed in spontaneous utterances.

When the sensual desires are blowing strong, the  jnana-lamp cannot burn. You cannot get jnana by shaking your  a$$ in a discotheque and watching sugar daddy’s Sunny Leone in blue movies.

Yoga destroys destroys all impulses and urges towards the sensual world. Yoga and jnana are like oil and flame. The oil is yoga and jnana is the illumining flame of the lamp. Even if at the last moment of his life one is able to realize this  jnana , he is certain to be liberated from the cycle of birth and death.  

This is why almost all atheists cry out to god just before they die. This is the time hypocrisy goes for a toss. Moksha does NOT make your soul extinct.  It just means that it is the final end of anymore earthly sojourns for your soul.

So what happens to your soul after moksha?

Punch into Google search-

RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL VADAKAYIL

Moksha means liberation.   A Jivanmukti is a living liberated soul—an example of which is Adi Shankaracharya or Maharishi Ramana. Liberation, while living, is called Jivanmukti and those who have attained it are called Jivanmuktas.

Jivanmukta  is one who is devoid of likes/dislikes, sorrow/elation and whose intellect is divine.”-Mahopanishad (2/57)

A jIvanmukta is one who does not see anything separate from the Self.   The Realized Man has transcended all destiny and is bound neither by the body nor by its destiny. His actions are cosmic movements and not the instincts of the sense of egoism.

Ramana lived permanently and peacefully in Sahaja Samadhi.  As Sri Bhagavan Ramana Maharshi himself had mentioned in his later days, "his ego and individual identity had become like a burnt rope, it was useless to tie onto anything".  

He had unbound compassion for anything living. The outside world could not produce any change in his Self, as the rivers flowing into the ocean cannot disturb its immeasurable and bottomless waters. The great ethical virtues, such as humility, unselfishness, purity, kindness, kinship, lack of ego and greed  all adorned him like shining jewels.  He did not actively seek them- they clung to him.

Carl Jung hails Sri Ramana as ‘a true son of the Indian earth’ and adds that his life and teachings carry a warning message not only to Indians, but to all humanity in the modern age when ‘it threatens to lose itself in the chaos of its unconsciousness and lack of self-control.  He is genuine and, in addition to that, something quite phenomenal.  In India he is the whitest spot in a white space’

“The Jivanmukta is he who does not frighten the world nor is he afraid of the world; he is free from joy, anger and fear as well” - Laghu Yoga Vasishtam. 5.95

Like I said before , death occurs to the physical body only and not to the Atman ( soul ).  The scriptures tell us  that the energy body of Atman is ‘na jAyate’ (never born), ‘na mriyate’ (never dies).
  
A jivan mukta does not get delighted by pleasures. He has got nothing to obtain or avoid.  He does NOT feel  helpless or dejected.  He does NOT expect any publicity , reward or return . . Whatever he does is righteous, moral and ideal.  

He has no tussle between the body and the spirit.  His external actions are just like those of the ignorant worldly man.  But the greatest difference lies between their minds, the desires and Vasanas.  The one does not know what is desire and the other is immersed in desires.  

For the liberated sage there is no delusion for he sees oneness everywhere. He is not affected by either what he has done or what he has not done. But he knows his prabdhas. He is free from all the modifications of the mind. His heart is pure like the Himalayan snow crystal. . 

An ordinary mortal( like you and me)  cannot love and serve those who hate him,  who beat him and who abuse him always. The liberated sage, the prince of ascetics  has transcendental love. He does not exert to acquire any object that is limited in space and time. He knows that all things of great value are free.  His  sense of want has been  annihilated once and for all by the ineffable experience of Self-realization.

If you fail to see God in the present life, then after death you must take on another body; if you see God, then you will break free from the cycle of birth and death. God can be seen, like the reflection in a mirror, in a pure heart.  

When the senses are calm and the mind is motionless, then your heart is pure; you have reached the highest state of consciousness, in which you are unified with God. If this state of consciousness is firm and secure, so it can never be bro ken, then you are free.

No one can find out whether a Jivanmukta is a learned one or is ignorant, whether he is virtuous or vicious. . When all the desires  and knots that are lodged in the heart are cast off, then the mortal becomes Jivan Mukta. Such people are the veritable Emperors of the universe.

Thereare 7 Seven stages of Jivanmukta--
 .
In the first stage one desires to know Brahman.

In the second, he starts enquiry .

In the third he knows Brahman indirectly.

These three are considered to be in the waking state of Jivanmukta.

In the fourth stage, he realizes Brahman directly and the world appears to him as a dream. In this state he is called Brahmavit, and this state is considered to be like dream state.

Gradually the Jivanmukta enters into the fifth stage where he is absorbed in Nirvikalpasamadhi. In this state he is called Brahmavidvara. Now and then he comes out of the Samadhi either out of his own will or on request. This is like the stage like Sushupti where he is awake while asleep and asleep while awake, and is called a Brahmavidvariyan.

The next is the final stage where he internally renounces all actions and does not desire anything for himself. His inner eye is open, even though he may perceive all things with his external eyes and perform all normal activities. This stage is called Turiya State in which he is known as Brahmavidvarishtha.

He comes out of this stage of his own will to grace the world. He is full of bliss and happiness, and therefore appears to be an ordinary man; but in reality, he is free from all delusions.

A person who has progressively attained these higher stages of consciousness, works for salvation of the entire creation.

Unlike other world religions that teach that the path to salvation is narrow, Hinduism allows for a multiplicity of ways to attain moksha depending on the personalities, tastes, and temperaments of its different devotees.

In general, four different spiritual paths are widely accepted in Hinduism. 

They are the ways of selfless work (Karma Yoga), of self-dissolving love (Bhakti Yoga), of absolute discernment (Jnana Yoga), and of raised Kundalini meditative immersion (Raja Yoga). The paths are not generally seen as mutually exclusive but complimentary.:

Karma marga allows an ethical person who uses his conscience and integrity , to remain within society instead of becoming a renunciation, while also cultivating qualities important in the achievement of salvation. In this path, one acts for the good of society while pursuing spiritual progress and adhering to standards of correct action.

Karma Yoga is the path of 'action', of putting in 100 percent effort, without being attached to the outcome.


“Thy right is to work only, but never with its fruits; let not the fruits of action be thy motive, nor let thy attachment be to inaction. As the ignorant men act from attachment to action, so should the wise act without attachment, wishing the welfare of the world.”~ The Bhagavad Gita



Karma yoga can be applied to everything you do: from from the most trivial, ordinary tasks to greater, more challenging works. When action is performed selflessly, with full focus and attention, it brings fulfillment and freedom. Acting without being attached to the fruits of one's deeds – this alone can lead to union with the Self, which is the goal of yoga....


Karma is a crucial Hindu concept. According to the doctrine of karma, our present condition in life is the consequence of the actions of our previous lives. The choices we have made in the past directly affect our condition in this life, and the choices we make today and thereafter will have consequences for our future lives in samsara.

Jnana marga is known as the path of wisdom, and places much emphasis on study and pursuit of knowledge.  This includes the study of philosophy that address spirituality and the laws of the universe. In this path, self-realization (Atma siddhi/ Atmavidya) is the key to obtaining moksha. And the core of this knowledge is 'Tat tvam asi'. 'you are indeed the Self' .
"Watch your thoughts, they become words.
Watch your words, they become actions.
Watch your actions, they become habits.
Watch your habits, they become your character.
Watch your character, it becomes your destiny."



To stuff one's mouth with food is not the same as eating. One should attain a state when all organs of perception and action work from knowledge. Wisdom (jnana) does not mean intellectual acumen or dialectical power. Jnana is realjzed experience.  If we have true insight, right action will take care of itself. 

Truth and conscience cannot but act rightly.  The path of knowledge is the rnost difficult of the four paths because the capacity to see everything in its essence or perception setting aside the gross covering it is not a gift given by god to all human beings.  

To attain Jnana, you must have one-pointedness of mind (Ekagrata). Ekagrata comes through Upasana. Upasana comes through purity of heart (Chitta Suddhi).  Chitta Suddhi comes through Nishkamya Karma Yoga.  To do Nishkamya Karma, you must have controlled the Indriyas. The Indriyas can be controlled through Viveka and Vairagya.

Bhakti marga, or devotion, is the most common path in Hinduism today. Bhakti involves cultivating a very personal connection to the divine through a conduit, found in the form of a deity.  Bhakti typically involves intense devotional worship of a chosen deity, and the expression of single-minded love.  



Some of the most popular deities in Hinduism include Shiva, Vishnu, Krishna, Ganesha, Kali or Bhagawati Devi (the Mother Goddess). The way of devotion is the most popular one. Sinners as well as saints, ignorant as well as learned, dimwits as well as wise find it too dang easy. 

Prayer and petition. fasting and sacrifice, communion and self-examination, all are included in the life of devotion.

For Raja yoga ( king of yogas ) of Kundalini rise , punch into google search-
AWAKENING AND RAISING KUNDALINI  VADAKAYIL



Whatever path you chose , and what efforts you put, only the grace of god (who calls  the shots ) can give you  moksha —read this twice.  

God can even give you divine exemption and dispensation for balance bad Karma .


Karma refers to the totality of our actions and their concomitant reactions in this and previous lives, all of which determines our future.  It is the interplay between our experience and how we respond to it that makes karma devastating or helpfully invigorating.  The conquest of karma lies in intelligent action and dispassionate reaction.  

Not all karmas rebound immediately.  Some accumulate and return unexpectedly in this or other births.

The ultimate reward is release from samsara and union with God.  Samsara represents the cycle of life, death, and rebirth in which a person carries his or her own karma.  Each life cycle presents an opportunity for redressal and balance.  “ You reap what you sow" mirrors the Hindu concept of karma.

A hundred and one lights radiate from the heart. One of them shines upwards to the crown of the head. This Brahma Nadi points the way to immortality. Every other light points to death. There are many enlightened persons but to find a liberated person worthy of moksha is extremely rare.




Just because a fake saint deceived everbody claiming to be a videha , and his followers buried him in meditative pose, he will NOT attain moksha. Rather he will pay dearly for his deceit.  Emancipation during one's life time is Jivanmukti while the same after death is Videhamukti.

In India a known Jivan mukta like Maharishi Ramana , is above the law of the land meant for wordly humans.  The large hearted and virtuous liberated sage has separated himself from the mind.  He is just a witness of the mind. 



Above: Ramana Maharishi.

He who cuts asunder the bondage of limitations, vileness of mind etc. attains the eternal bliss of salvation.
The ultimate aim of mankind is moksha. A soul which has attained moksha lives blissfully in vaikuntha in a spiritual body in the presence of God.

 “The one who renounces his ego, who is liberated from arrogance, jealousy etc. , who performs actions without harboring likes/dislikes, is called a Jeevan – Mukta (liberated while yet alive) by wise men.”-          Mahopanishad (2/50)

As per our Hindu scriptures a human being is essentially an atman clothed in a physical body. The Sanskrit  word atman, means "God within," is usually translated as soul, self, or spirit. 

If the physical body of an individual were compared to a computer, the atman would represent the electricity that operates the computer.  Without atman, the human body is insentient.  In a human body atman is the source of the mind, intellect and ego sense. 

Atman or soul is immortal and divine.  Therefore, an individual is potentially divine and eternally perfect. There are two states of existence associated with atman: the bound state and the liberated state. In the bound state, atman is associated with a physical body. As a result of this association, atman is subject to mãya, which causes it to forget its true divine nature and commit evil deeds in the world. 

The powers of maya are two-fold.  As cosmic ignorance, maya deludes the atman into forgetting its own true nature.  As creative energy (shakti) of Brahman, maya is the material cause of the universe.  In the liberated state, atman is said to have attained moksha  (spiritual perfection) and consequently enjoys union with God.

Dharma belongs to the universe and to the individual as well..  All things follow their allocated dharma, except mankind. When God created the universe, He endowed it with order, with the laws to govern creation. 

This is the basis of Sanatana Dharma. 

Dharma is divine law prevailing on every level of existence, from the sustaining cosmic order to religious and moral laws which bind us in harmony with that order.  When we follow dharma, we are in conformity with the laws that sustains the universe.

"Atmano mokshartham jagat hitayacha"

'Pursue  moksha while keeping in view the welfare of the world.'-  Rig Veda 5000 BC




Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .
********************************************************************
DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DHARMA THE GLOBAL ETHIC  ,  INDIA’S  SOUL THE MOST VALUABLE THING ON THIS PLANET,   BEING HUMAN WITH A CONSCIENCE ,  RITA THE COSMIC ORDER ,  UNIVERSAL LAWS FOR FAIRNESS  HARMONY AND HAPPINESS –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 



Before I write about DHARMA  I want to give my readers a glimpse of how ADHARMA first came to India.

It came with a Sufi saint Khwajah Moiuniddin Chisti ( his dargah is in Ajmer ) who kicked a host king on his teeth , and acted as a facilitator for the first Muslim invader Mohammed Ghori.  

12 years before this Sufi saint came to India , King Prithviraj Chauhan’s mother had a dream and she implored her son NOT to trust a Sufi saint who would come as a spy for an invader from the other side of Hindu Khush mountains.  

Prithviraj Chauhan paid the price for ignoring his mother’s advise, when the Sufi saint indeed came to his kingdom, and he treated him and his followers as  guests .   Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti poisoned the lake waters from which the king's army elephants,  horses and camels  drank, as was standard warfare tactics in the deserts ( poisoning the oasis waters ) .

The lakes had to be emptied out manually due to rotting fish and the animals were weakened due to dysentry, just before Muhammad Ghori invaded in the Second Battle of Tarain, 1192. The Muslims now had a toehold in India. 




In the first battle of Tarain,Muhammad Ghori was captured alive by Prithviraj Chauhan , and set free when he begged for his life on his knees, as per Raja dharma.  

But after dirty tactics used by the spy and Sufi saint Kwajah Moinuddin Chisti , when Muhammad Ghori won the second batlle of Tarain, he put hot coals in Chauhan's eyes after raping his wife Samyukta in front of him .



Above : For the Muslim vote -- Queen Bee at Ajmer Dargah of Khwajah Moinuddin Chisti.

Later on the Mughal dynasty was established.

Babur ( 1526-1530 ) had a great passion to kill people, cut heads off people and create pillars out of the cut off heads.  He claimed to have created several such pillars in his autobiography.  His soldiers raped dead Hindu women, something unthinkable for a Hindu.



Babar’s son Humayun ( 1530-1556 )  had his own brother Kamran Mirza blinded which would end any claim to the throne.   He killed his other brother  Hindal Mirza. He sent another brother to Haj and got him killed enroute.



Akbar ( 1556 -1605 ) just jailed his son Jehangir who was getting too greedy to usurp the throne before Akbar died.



Jehangir (1605-1627) killed his uncle Mahdi Khwaja who was eyeing the throne.  He also blinded his own eldest son Khusrau who was eyeing his throne.  Can you believe this -- Guru Arjan Singh was blamed by Jehangir of giving moral support to Khusrau , tortured severely and then drowned in the river Ravi.



Shah Jahan.(1628-1658 ) killed his younger  brother Sheharyar so that he will not lay claim to the throne.



Aurangezeb ( 1658-1707 ) the third son of Shah Jehan killed his  3 brothers. He also put his father in jail for 8 years till he died. For choosing his capable eldest son Dara Shikoh as heir Aurangzeb punished him by presenting Dara’s head in a platter to his father .  Can you believe this-- Guru Har Rai got into the good books of Emperor Shah Jehan by saving his favourite son Dara Shikoh from tiger's whiskers poisoning using laxative herbs ( poisoned by his brother Aurangazeb) --and in the bargain he pissed of Aurangazeb.



Nobody names his son after Aurangazeb or Babur even today, though there are plenty of Akbars.. Pakistanis name their missiles Babur.  They don’t realize that when Babur came to India their forefathers were all Hindus and their women ancestors were raped.

Aurangzeb's son Bahadur Shah I (Muazzam ) killed his brothers Muhammad Azam and Muhammad Kam Bhaksh to capture the throne.  Can you believe this?  Guru Gobind Singh sent his army under the command of Bhai Dharam Singh, to help Muazzam.  Muazzam's forces defeated  his brother Azam’s forces in the Battle of Jajau on 12 June 1707.  Both sides numbered some 100,000 combatants, but Bahādur Shah had more artillery.  Both Muhammad Aẓam and his son Bidar Bakht were killed in the battle.

Bahadur Shah I died in 1712, and his successor Jahandar Shah was killed on the orders of the Sayyid Brothers.

Bahadur Shah's death followed a war of succession among his four sons, Jahandar Shah, Azim-us-Shah, Jahan Shah and Rafi-is-Shah.  Jalandar shah killed his 3 brothers to ascend the throne .

Azim-us-Shah's son Farrukhsiyar killed his uncle and ascended the throne.

In 1719, the Brothers blinded, deposed and murdered Farrukhsiyar

Sayyid brothers were soon killed by Muhammad Shah. 

Ahmad Shah, son of Muhammad Shah, was blinded in 1754 by the Wazir Ghazi-ud-din Imad-ul-mulk

Alamgir II (1754 - 1759) was killed by Ghazi-ud-din Imad-ul-mulk's orders.

Shah Alam II (1759 - 1806) blinded by the Afghan chief Gulam Qadir,

Bahadur Shah-II was falsely accused by the British of treason and rebellion and exiled to Burma.  His descendants were beheaded and heads presented to him on a platter –
-- and the glorious Mughal empire was swept away once and for all.

Now let me narrate a short story from Ramayana 4300 BC. 

This was the Dharma in Hindu India before the Muslims and the Christians invaded .

King Dasaratha , the father of Lord Rama was in the thick of battle with the Asuras. His favourite queen Kaikeyi was on the horse chariot with him. Dasaratha was injured , and the wheel of his chariot was about to be dislodged due to a missing cotter pin . 

Queen Kaikeyi put her finger into the orifice suffering great pain. In addition to this , as soon a Dasaratha became unconscious she drove the chariot away from the battle field and saved the king.

Later when Dasharatha came to know what transpired , he gave his wife two boons . She said that she would redeem the boon at a later date and time.

Years passed . Lord Rama being the eldest son was crown prince and Dasarath wanted to hand over his kingdom to Rama and then retire for sanyas. Queen Kaikeyi’s son Bharata was away in another city. The city of Ayodha was being decorated for the huge event as the people loved prince Rama.

The shrewd hump backed maid Mandara of Kaikeyi poisoned her mind.  She reminded Kaikeyi of the two boons which the King had given her, and told her that she must redeem it now. She must ask that her son Bharat must be crowned king and his elder half brother Rama , son of eldest queen Kausalya must be banished to a far away forest on exile for 14 years.



Queen Kaikeyi approached King Dasaratha and reminded him of his promise . Then she told him what she wanted. The king was in a bind . He had to follow his dharma of not breaking a promise. Out of sheer grief he fell dead.  



Rama did the last rites for his father and went away of exile with his wife Sita and his brother Lakshman . It was the dharma of both his wife and brother to be with him .  The whole city of Ayodha was in gloom.

Meanwhile Bharata had a bad dream and a premonition . He came rushing back to Ayodhya. He knew something was wrong as the whole city of Ayodhya was in mourning and darkness. When he heard that his father is dead and his brother Rama was in exile, he fainted out of grief.  

When he came to, he gave a piece of his mind to his mother Kaikeyi and went to Rama’s mother Kausalya's room and slept at her feet.



Next morning with the queen mothers, his brother Shatrughna , priests, ministers and  a small army , he set off to the forest to bring his brother back to Ayodhya and crown him king. Maharishi Bharadwaja directed him to the cottage  where Rama would be with his wife Sita and brother Lakshman. 

Both Rama and Bharat hugged each other . Bharat fell at his elder brother Rama’s feet and implored him to come back to Ayodhya and become king. Kaikeyi apologized and took back her boon.  

Rama did NOT want to break his dharma of obeying his dead father’s command.  Bharat then asked Rama to give him his sandals and said till Rama comes back after 14 years his sandals would be on the throne and that he would rule on Rama’s behalf from outside the palace , from Nandigram. 



After 14 long years when Hanuman broke the news of Rama’s impending return to Ayodhya , Bharat again fainted with joy—this time around.  He showered Hanuman with gifts for the good tidings and commanded his brother Shatrughna to have the people decorate Ayodhya city .



The two brothers met and hugged each other, after which, Bharat led him to the throne on which was placed Rama’s sandals.  Rama was crowned king and there was great joy. Rama made Bharat his crown prince. 

At Rama's command, Bharat and his sons went to the Gandhar kingdom and defeated the Gandharvas living there. Bharat founded the two capital cities of Takshashila and Pushkalavat in the conquered kingdom and established his sons, Taksh and Pushkal as its rulers.



This was the Hindu dharma.  Dharma broadly means righteousness.  Our scriptures and history is full of such sacrifices to sustain dharma. 

Hinduism is a spiritual code based on dharma.  Hindusim has core values like integrity, ethics, compassion , fairness, transparency, respect , tolerance for culture, sense of responsibility, spirit of inclusion etc . We temper all technical judgments by the need to support and maintain human values. Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma.  

As per the Bhagawat Gita , the fundamentals of dharma are-- truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity.  

In the Bhagwat Gita, Lord Krishna declares to Arjuna 6000 years ago:
Dharmenaavirodheshu Kaamosmi Bharatarshabha
“I am those desires that are not against the Dharma”


Dharma is a concept of central importance in Indian philosophy and religion. However dharma is not the same as religion.  Man's understanding of the dharma of inanimate things is what we now call physics. Law in the universal or abstract sense, dharma designates those behaviours considered necessary for the maintenance of the natural order of things. 

Dharma governed by human conscience is 'the path of righteousness', the way of 'correct', 'appropriate', 'decent', or 'proper' behaviour.  Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life. 

Hindus consider dharma the very foundation of life. It means "that which holds" the people of this world and the whole creation. Dharma is the "law of being" without which things cannot exist.

In the Rigveda, there is this belief (and observation) that a natural justice and harmony pervades the natural world.




Openness is the essence of Hinduism.  Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents like the west.  

A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it.  We dont use FAKE meaningless thank you and domo arigato gozaimasu with every breath-- in a ridiculous manner .



There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of Dharma. It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology.  

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seeks and moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort. Hindu scripture, based on the insights of noble and graceful Hindu sages and seers, serves primarily as a guidebook.

This is how the Supreme Court of India has defined dharma . “Dharma” is that which upholds, nourishes or supports the stability of the society, maintains the social order and secures the general well-being and progress of mankind”

The ultimate goal for Sanatana Dharma is material and spiritual well-being of the mankind. It is a matter of shame that the all important Right to Happiness doesn’t find a place in the much tom tommed acclaimed Universal Charter of Human Rights.

Hitopadesha says :-.

Those who think "He is mine", "He is not", are petty minded".  Those who are large hearted regard the world as one family.   Consumption of food, sleep, fear, and enjoyment of sex are common to man and animal.  But, 'Dharma' is a special attribute of the conscious man . Bereft of 'Dharma', man is equal to anima1.

Whether the rules of Dharma that :
1. Everyone should tell the truth;
2. No one should indulge in violence against other living beings;
3. No one should acquire illegitimate wealth;
4. Every one should establish control over his senses;
5. There should be purity in thought, speech and deed;
6. Everyone should render service to other individuals;
7. Every one should eschew selfishness and greed.
8. The world should be regarded as one family.




Dharma has been inter woven into simple stories for the children , from which their sub-conscious can dip in anytime they feel that they need moral guidance.  There are wonderful stories , each with a moral in works called Panchatantra and Hitopadesa.

Punch into Google search -
SUPER PANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL




Speak the truth; follow the prescribed conduct;
Do not fail to pay attention to truth;
Never fail to perform duty
Do not disregard what is proper and good
Treat your Mother, Father and Teacher as equal to God
So also, treat your guest as God
Those acts that are irreproachable alone are to be performed, and not those that are forbidden
This is the directive.  This is the advice. This is the discipline to be observed throughout life
(Taittiriyopanishad)


Examples of dharma that apply to day-to-day life:

Vyakti dharma - the dharma of an individual
Parivarika dharma - family dharma (also called kutumba dharma)
Samaja dharma - societal dharma
Rashtra dharma - national dharma
Manava dharma - the dharma of mankind
Varna dharma - professional dharma
apad dharma - exceptional/abnormal situational dharma
Yuga dharma - dharma applicable for an age

Ashrama dharma - dharma for stage of life
When you enter the Indian Parliament Building in New Delhi , you come face to face with a Sanskrit verse:

Ayam Nijah Paroveti Ganana Laghu Chetasaam
Udaara Charitaanaam tu Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam

“Small and narrow-minded people look at the reality in terms of ‘this is yours and this is mine’; for those of higher consciousness the whole world is a family”.



Alexander the Great’s generals and historians had written that the army of King Porus never retaliated with dirty tactics even when dirty tactics were used on them. The Greeks recorded that Indians fought a dharma yudha ( war with ethics ) respecting the enemy soldier’s life. 



The Western historians lied that Alexander defeated Porus. It was actually the other way around. King Porus spared and even saved Alexander's life and helped him to get out of India in one piece.



Punch into Google search-
ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS  THE HIDDEN TRUTH VADAKAYIL

Yamas and Niyamas  - Moral and Ethical Ideals of Hindus
1. Ahimsã (non-injury)            Don't harm others by word, deed or thought.
2. Satya (truthfulness) Refrain from lying and betraying promises.
3. Asteya (nonstealing)           Don't steal, covet or enter into debt.
4. Brahmachãrya (controlling sex)      Observe celibacy when single, and faithfulness in marriage.
5. Kshamã (forgiveness)         Restrain from intolerance and ill will.
6. Dhriti (firmness)      Overcome fear, indecision, and fickleness.
7. Dayã (compassion)  Conquer callous and insensitive feelings.
8. Ãrjava (honesty)     Renounce fraud, cheating and stealing.
9. Mitãhãra      Refrain from overeating and consuming meat.
10. Shaucha (purity)    Observe purity of the body, mind and intellect.
11. Hrî (remorse)         Be modest and show remorse for misconduct.
12. Santosha (contentment)    Don't be a slave to the senses. Seek joy and serenity in the Self.
13. Dãna (tithing)  Give generously without thought of reward. The more you give, the more you get.
14. Ãstikya (faith)       Have unwavering faith in God's grace.
15. Pûjana (worship)   Perform daily worship and meditation.
16. Shravana (hearing of scriptures)   Study scriptures, listen to the teachings of the wise, and faithfully follow guru's advice.
17. Mati (cognition)    Sharpen the intellect with guru's guidance.
18. Vrata (sacred vows)          Observe scriptural injunctions faithfully.
19. Japa (chanting)      Chant God's names and sacred mantras daily.
20. Tapas (austerity)    Perform sãdhana (spiritual discipline) as outlined by the guru.

When the white Christian man first stepped into India in 1498, India was the world’s richest country. India held 40% of the world's GDP.  India and China together held 58% of the world's GDP in 1498.  These are conservative estimates by the white man himself , like how Alexander defeated Porus.

When the British finally left in 1947, India was converted to one of the poorest countries on the planet.
In such a short time they built roads, railway, harbors , airports and bridges to rob India blind.  After that these immoral people ridiculed us as being beggars.




Even the Kohinoor diamond on the queens crown was stolen from India.  Rothschild’s ( Jewish owner of British East India company ) massive wealth is from India.   Before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world. This was a benevolent rule of Raja dharma where the emperor only gave and never took.

Our ancient books were written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago.  They were orally handed down in verses for atleast 7000 years before they were finally penned down in 5000 BC.

Today the West tries to equate India with the Hopi , Mayans, Incas, Sumerians , Egyptians etc.  None of them have left behind ancient wisdom consisting of philosopy, astronomy, math, science, medicine healing etc in books.

How immoraly they compare civilizations without a written language with the glory of India.  More of less like comparing a pebble with the sun. 

You really have no idea of the glory of ancient Indian books.  You must understand that 7000 years ago, he whole world was running around naked , living in caves, clubbing down animals for raw meat and doing GRUNT GRUNT for language.

You can download the Monier Monier Willaims Sanskrit dictionary on the internet— or you can see it on line.  This Sanskrit dictionary compiled by an Englishman contains only 60% of the Sanskrit words.  

Yet it is three times the size of a modern English Dictionary which has lifted words from all major languages of the world— just to prove that stupid English is a great language.

Have you ever seen a ridiculous Spelling Bee contest?   



Can you give me the definition please , language of origin please , part of speech please , alternate pronunciations please , word's usage in a sentence please, alternate definitions of the word please , does the word have a specified root please , can you fu#k yourslef please  – ridiculous is NOT the word.

Punch into Google search-

SANSKRIT THE DIGITAL LANGUAGE VERSUS ENGLISH VADAKAYIL

Recentky I went for an old students meet at my school.  I got a chance to sing my school prayer ( the Upanishads, the Brihadaranyaka ( 1.3.28 ) ) after 4 decades.  Having matured , I was struck by the greatness and the dharma of ths simple prayer written 7000 years ago.




Punch into Google search OLD ALUMNI MEET and you will find my post on page 1 , first item among 23 million posts.

If you do NOT see it then enter OLD ALUMNI MEET VADAKAYIL.

Digression: Whatever you write as a blogger must come in the first 4 pages of a search engine — or it is NOT worth writing. 

Only fools wink at a pretty girl in the dark.


"Om sarve bhavantu sukhinah, sarve santu nirã-maya-ah;
sarve bhadrani pashyantu mã-kaschit dukha-bhak bhavet.
Om, shãntih, shãntih, shãntih."

"Oh Lord, may all [entire mankind] be happy; may all be healthy; may all experience prosperity; may none (in the world) suffer. May peace, peace, peace be unto us and all the beings of the world." Brihadãranyaka Upanishad

Referring to the above prayer, Arthur Schopenhauer says, "I know of no more beautiful prayer than that of the Hindus...'May all that have life be delivered from suffering!'


The 4 Vedas along with the 108 Upanishads are the most sacred books of India. Without knowing the Vedas one cannot comprehend the inner soul and heights of Indian glory.  Hindu religion is run by the laws of Dharma.  

All the obligatory duties of the Hindu owe their allegiance to the Vedas.  

They draw forth the thought of successive generations of Maharshi seers  or spiritual giants from 9500 BC to 5000 BC. The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of our great ancient seers.

They are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. They have been heirlooms of the Hindus from generation to generation for the past 11000 years. The Vedas are the discoveries of the laws of nature, the world and the beings living in it and the Ultimate Truth. 

They are called apauruseya grantha (authorless works) . Thinking with your heart; loving with your mind.  All yoga and meditation aim to attain this goal. And when the heart sees, it sees the unknowable, nameless, formless, limitless, supreme God.




The Upanishads are humanity's most profound philosophical inquiry and the first perceptions of the unity of all, the oneness of man and God. The Upanishads are also called the Vedanta. 


Wanna know how the immoral West copied from India and patented knowledge in their names, showing their Adharma?  These Sanskrit and astronomy terms are written down 7000 years ago.




The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.



Know thyself is the quintessence.  It has no founder or a Supreme head..  It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations. Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.




The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. It is in the Upanishads we find all the fundamentals that are central to Hinduism — the concepts of 'karma' (action), 'samsara' (reincarnation), 'moksha' (nirvana), the 'atman' (soul), and the 'Brahman' (Absolute Almighty- the morphogenetic consciousness field ). 



Manu Smriti is one of the foremost documents on Hindu dharma.  

The white Christian invader injected poison into this noble and graceful document, for immoral purposes of “divide and rule” and conversions of disgruntled Hindu low castes  into Christianity.

They injected falsehoods that Manu wrote that Shudras  ( low caste dalits ) are made from the feet of god,  while brahmins ( upper caste ) have been made from the head,  the Kshatriyas ( warriors ) from the arms and vaishyas ( skilled labour and traders ) from the thighs.

Absolutely ridiculous things were injected by the vulgar white man with the help of stooges like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar-- like’” If a shudra listens to the Vedas molten lead should be poured into his ears “ .

Hey maan , why not molten copper up his a$$hole. 
Why this partiality to lead ?  Pray?  
TEEE HEEEEE !!!

Punch into Google search THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL


Ajyesthaaso Akanisthaasa Yete
Sam Bhraataro Vaavrudhuh Soubhagaya
-        RigVeda, Mandala-5, Sukta-60, Mantra-5- (5000 BC)


‘No one is superior or inferior; all are brothers; all should strive for the interest of all and progress collectively’.

Manusmriti written by the ancient sage Manu, prescribes 10 essential rules for the observance of dharma:  Patience (dhriti), forgiveness (kshama), piety or self control (dama), honesty (asteya), sanctity (shauch), control of senses (indraiya-nigrah), reason (dhi), knowledge or learning (vidya), truthfulness (satya) and absence of anger (krodha).

Manu further writes, "Non-violence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of dharma". Therefore dharmic laws govern not only the individual but all in society.

Manu further writes, "Nonviolence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of Dharma".  Dharma thus is a code of conduct that is intended to secure both worldly joys and supreme happiness.

To act dharmically is, in essence, to act appropriately; what is appropriate is determined by the context in which the action is to be performed and who is performing it. A Shudra is NOT expected to sacrifice his life when the country is in danger. He is NOT exptec to do skilled labour or brainwork he is incapable of. 

Nobody is a Shudra by birth. 

If on my ship, my steward who could NOT pass his school exams want the same salary as I the Captain, he wants family carrying facility, he wants same comforts and space in his cabin –it is just wishful thinking. Mayawati cannot hope to snatch away the beauty contest crown from Aishwarya Rai, no matter how hard she tries.



Manu cautions everyone to have self -control, so that his mind does not act as the instigator for committing any sinful mental action which would inevitably lead to one or the other type of evil verbal actions or wicked bodily actions.

A verse from Manusmriti:-

“Satyam BruyatPriyamBruyat”
Ma Bruyat Satyam Apriyam;
PriyamCaNanrutam,
BruyatEshaDharmahSanatanah;”

Translation: Speak truth in such a way that it should be pleasing to others. Never speak truth which is unpleasant to others. Never speak truth which might be pleasant. This is the path of eternal morality, Sanatana Dharma.

Meaning:  The main point is speaking truth which in one’s dharma. Speaking such truth tactfully which benefits others and is pleasant to listen.

MANU XII 10-11 :- That man is called 'Tridandin' who has established three controls, on his mind viz., (i) Manodanda -control over his thoughts, (ii) Vakdanda -control over his speech and (iii) Kayadanda- control over his body.

He who exercises these three controls with respect to all created beings and wholly subdues desire and wrath, assuredly gains complete success in his life.

Manu calls upon man to use his conscience . His verseneeds every individual to establish an internal check, which alone is the guarantee for good conduct or to eschew bad conduct and not the fear of state police,  which only makes a man to be more careful and secretive in committing offence. This internal check is what is meant by "God Fearing" as Atma (Soul) is God within the man.  If man listens to his conscience he will not commit the sin.

Manu has gone into terrific detail.  Few examples only  – or it will run into hundreds of pages.

MANU X-163 :-
Asteya  is the unterior motive or desire to secure wealth by illegitimate methods which makes a man corrupt, a cheat, a smuggler, a black marketeer, an exploiter, and makes even men in noble professions exploit the miseries of others to make more and more money in utter disregard to professional ethics.  Therefore, it is very essential to ingrain in the heart and mind of every individual the desire not to indulge in 'asteya' i.e., acquiring wealth by illegitimate and immoral methods.

Shoucham : Manu commands every individual to maintain purity of thought, word and deed (Trikarana shuddi i.e., Kaya, Vacha, Manasa), which is also called Antaranga Shuddi (internal/mental purity) and Bahiranga Shuddi (external purity or purity in action). 

This rule means absolute honesty in that there should be harmony in thought, word and deed of an individual.  One should not think something in the mind, speak something else, and do entirely another thing.  Hypocrisy is addressed here , which is so abundant in the west.

Indriyanigraha:  Manu wants every individual to have of control over his senses. Failing which the man  will indulge in all types  of illegal and immoral actions, being instigated by the one or more of the six inherent enemies (Arishadvargas).  This lands himself as well as others in misery and loss of happiness. 

The mere knowledge of the rules of Dharma, however does not make a man 'Dharmishta' i.e., a man acting always in conformity with Dharma. Therefore, Dharma has to be ingrained in the mind of every individual from child hood.  It is a slow but a sure process. This process was called 'Samskara'.

MANUVI11-15:- Dharma protects those who protect it. Those who destroy Dharma get destroyed. Therefore, Dharma should not be destroyed so that we may not be destroyed as a consequence thereof.

MANU-IX-3 :-The father protects the girl in her childhood, the husband protects her after marriage and her sons protect her in old age.

MANU II-145 :- The acharya is more venerable than a Upadhyaya (teacher).  Father is more venerable than an acharya. But the mother is more venerable than the father.

MANU III-51-52 :-No father who knows (the law) must take even the smallest gratuity for his daughter; for a man who, through avarice, takes a gratuity, is a seller of his offspring.

MANU Ch.IV-176: Discard wealth (artha) or desire (kama) if it is contrary to Dharma as also any custom or rules regarded as source of Dharma if at any time they were to lead to unhappiness or arouse people's indignation.

Manu’s concept of gratitude (Kritajnata)  included custom of worshipping animals, and plants as also Ayudha Pooja, i.e., worshipping one day in year all the implements or instruments through which we earn our lively hood.

Punch into Google search –

AYUDHA PUJA  VADAKAYIL




MANU SMRITHI -IX -101 and III-60 : -
Mutual friendship and fidelity is the highest Dharma to be observed by husband and wife, throughout their life. The family in which husband and wife have mutual affection and respect always secures happiness and prosperity.
(The West has 63% divorce rate.  The balance 37% have had multiple sexual partners.  Only the gays /dykes and the repulsively fat and ugly do NOT include in this 37% )

MANU 4-239 -242 :-When one departs from this world to the other World, neither father nor mother, neither son nor wife will accompany him. Only the "Dharma" practiced by an individual follows him even after death. A person takes birth alone and dies alone, he alone enjoys or suffers the consequences of his evil deeds.

Manusmriti says that ahimsa is the foremost among the dharmas that are common to all. It is included in the yoga of mind control. Ahimsa means much more than non-injury or nn-violence ; it implies not doing harm to others even by thought or word.

From ahimsa Hinduism imparted to the world the practice of vegetarianism:  Yajurveda dictates -"Do not injure the beings living on the earth, in the air and in the water."

Manu Smriti says - Yatra Naryastu Pujyante Ramante Tatra Devatah – “Where women are worshipped there the angels tread”.

This great law-giver of Hinduism and first lawgiver on this planet defined the status of a wife and her equal rights thus:
1.     If a wife dies, her husband may marry another wife. (Manu, Chapter V, Verse 168). If a husband dies, a wife may marry another husband. (Manu,
2.    If a wife becomes fallen by drunkenness or immorality her husband may marry another. (Manu, Chapter IX, Verse 80). If a husband becomes fallen, a wife may re-marry another husband. 
4.     If a husband deserts his wife, she may marry another. (Manu, Chapter IX, Verse 76 )

Untouchability and caste-based discrimination were unknown during the Varnashrama days. No one was born high and no one low. You became what you are with your karma. 

A dimwit who cannot pass a single exam in school has no reason to write the IIT entrance exam and hope to get Computer Science stream.  

It is easy to secure a job on quota but very difficult to hold on to it, unless you work for the useless and corrupt Indian government offices or town municipality office.



MANU SMRITI:
Janmanaa Jaayate Shudrah Sanskaraat Dwija Ucchate
Vedapaathi Bhavet Viprah  Brahma janaati Brahmanah

“By birth all are Shudras only.  By actions men become Dwija (twice-born). By reading the Vedas one becomes Vipra and becomes Brahman by gaining the knowledge of God.”

“He in whom the qualities of truth, munificence, forgiveness, gentleness, abstinence from cruel deeds, contemplation, and benevolence are observed, is called a Brahmin in the Smriti. A man is not a Sudra (low Caste) by being a Sudra nor a Brahmin by being a Brahmin”.-- Vanparva Mahabharata

Na Visheshosti Varnanaam Sarvam Braahmyamidam Jagat
Brahmanaa poorva Sristhim hi Karmabhih Varnataam Gatam

“There are no distinctions of castes. Divine consciousness is omnipresent in the world. It was Brahmanic entirely at first. The Varnas have emerged in consequence of men’s actions.” -Shantiparva Mahabharata



THE CASTE SYSTEM IN INDIA WAS POISON INJECTED BY THE IMMOTAL WHITE CHRISTIAN INVADER TO DIVIDE AND RULE , AND TO CONVERT FRUSTRATED LOW CASTES INTO CHRISTIANITY.   

THEY CREATED THEIR OWN HINDU MUTTS  ( Example KANCHI MUTT ) WITH THEIR OWN PLANTED STOOGES FOR THIS FOUL NEED.

You can read in Aiteriya Brahmana (ii.3.19), that Kavasha Ailusha, who was a Sudra and son of a low woman, was greatly respected for his literary attainments, and admitted into the class of Rishis – the pre-eminent Hindu sages.

He as a shudra became a Maharishi and wrote some of the hymns of Rig-Veda (Rig., X. 30-40).
In the Chandogyopanishad we can read that Jabala, also known as Satya Kama, had no gotra, or family name whatever (Chan. Upa., IV. 4).  Though born of low parents, Jabala founded a School of the Yajur Veda.

In the Apasthambha Sutra (II. 5-10) and Manu Smriti (x. 65) we can read that a Sudra can become a Brahman and a Brahman can become a Sudra.”.

From Vyasa, Valmiki, and Vishva Karma , till the white man invaded India , we find hundreds of eminent Rishis who are Sudras by Varna.  

Megasthenes, the great Greek historian has recorded two milleniums ago  that there were four castes in Hindus and a Hindu of any caste may become a Sophist (Brahmin).

Caste hierarchy and privileges based on caste had no sanction in Hinduism. They are the direct result of the immoral white Christian invader and their vested historians.



The very expression Dharma in Manusmriti is opposed to and inconsistent with any social inequality by birth . The relevant provisions of the Shruti (Vedas) leave no room for doubt that discrimination on the ground of birth or otherwise had no Vedic sanction; on the other hand such discrimination was plainly opposed to vedic injunction. 

Discrimination of any kind is, therefore, contrary to Dharma. It is really Adharma.  All discrimination in Hindu society was introduced by the white Christian invader to divide and rule.

Sanatana Dharma respects the planet along with its flora and fauna. It is the only religion which advocates vegetarianism. 

Manu wrote that polluting the environment was a punishable offence. In Manu’s laws a person could be ex-communicated from society for mindless felling of tress or killing of animals, the way the English speaking white man shot the buffalo and exterminated the Indian American , or how the Australian Aborigine race was exterminated.. 


The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature and interrupting natural flow of energy. It is about peaceful co-existence and comfort. Vaastu is about  living  in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties.

 It tells us not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. That human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness

SANATANA means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm.  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death.  



Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation.  Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws.

The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal.  This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths. 

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.  It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by hoodwinking the unsuspecting masses.

Ever known  of an evil woman who used India as an open sore , to attract flies ( milk money ) which she used to open up 700 Christianity conversion centers around the world?

Punch into Google search –

DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL VADAKAYIL

Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy. This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line. Hinduism has never converted , by guile ( Christian missionaries ) or force ( Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats. 

though we use the Bhagawat Gita to swear an oath, as set down by our British rulers in court-- we do NOT have a single holy book, like the Bible or Koran.  Such has been the tolerance to deviant beliefs.  At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme. Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason.

The Hindu tradition , unlike other religions --has always concerned itself with the human situation rather than the Hindu situation.  Instead of basing its identity on separating Hindu from non-Hindu or believer from non-believer, Hinduism has sought to recognize principles and practices that would lead any individual to become a better human being and understand and live in harmony with dharma.

The distinction of dharma from the Western sense of religion is crucial to understanding Hindu religious identity Dharma is an all-important concept for Hindus. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action. 

Because of Hinduism’s emphasis on living in accordance with dharma, anyone who is striving for spiritual knowledge and seeking the right course of ethical action is, in the broadest sense, a follower of sanatana dharma.

According to the doctrine of karma, our present condition in life is the consequence of the actions of our previous lives. The choices we have made in the past directly affect our condition in this life, and the choices we make today and thereafter will have consequences for our future lives in samsara.

Ahimsa, “non-injury” or the absence of the desire to harm, is regarded by Indian thinkers as one of the keystones of our ethics. Jews have never been persecuted in Kerala over the millenniums.  Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed, only because Hindus are tolerant . 

They absorbed the  inherent greed and clannishness of a quintessential Jew , without retaliation or retribution. While the rest of the world targeted the Jews throughout the ages. If you read the Jewish Talmud, you will know why.

In Sanatana Dharma Rita is the principle of cosmic truth and order.

In the 7000 year old Rig Veda there is a remarkable insight on the notion of Rita, the inflexible law of universal order and harmony whereby all disorders and chaos is restored to equilibrium. 

Rita is, in essence, the ordering principle of nature which gives to everything from the vast galaxies, down to the nucleus of an atom, their nature and course. 

To understand Advaita Hinduism punch into Google search-
ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY  SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL



The Hindu gods are never portrayed as having command over Ṛita.  Instead, the gods, like all created beings, remain subject to Ṛita, and their divinity largely resides in their serving it in the role of executors, agents or instruments of its manifestation.

This is why we have a multiplicity of Gods and NOT a single bleeding man on the cross or a fat man in meditative pose. Because of rita, the sun and moon pursue their daily journeys across the sky, and the seasons proceed in regular movement.

In the Vedic vision, this law of cosmic order is conceived to be manifesting at three levels: on the cosmic plane Rita governs the course of nature; on the socio-ethical level, Rita imparts justice; and on the religio-spiritual level.  

Though originally understood as a subordinate component of the essentially metaphysical concept of Ṛita, Dharma eventually grew to overshadow. Ṛita remained largely confined to the Vedas, and most Hindus don’t even know the meaning of Rita. .

A central concept of the Ṛigveda is that created beings fulfil their true natures when they follow the path set for them by the ordinances of Ṛita, and failing to follow those divine ordinances was thought to be responsible for the appearance of various forms of calamity and suffering .  A man who follows the ordinances of nature ( universal laws ) can be described as one who acts according to the "Dharma of Ṛita".

Dharma, was  originally conceived of as a manifestation of Ṛita inasmuch as it represents that aspect of the universal Order which specifically concerns the mundane natural, religious, social and moral spheres as expressed in ritualistic regulations, public laws, moral principles and laws of nature. . Rita, gives order to the universe and shows the righteous path for the mind to follow.

It is the psychological principle teaching man how to lead a moral life. Thus we can see that according to the Vedic seers, the same ideal functions as the guiding principle for individual as well as universal life.

That is why in the first sukta of the Rig Veda itself, addressed to Agni, the sages call their deity ritasya didivim, the illuminator of truth.

To understand Dvaita Hindusim , punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

When I see evangelists on foreign funded TV trying to propagate certain shallow religions, and trying hard to convert by force or by sops of by baffling with bull,  I realize the difference between a pebble and the sun.  In Malayalam itself there are 6 cable channels trying hard to sell Jerusalem.

Sorry, the sun is NOT in competition.



Ṛita is frequently used in reference to various Vedic deities. Thus, Maharishi Bṛihaspati , the mentor of Indian gods, known to the West as Thor or Zeus - is referred to as possessing a powerful bow with "Ṛita as its string". 

Ṛita can be abstract concepts such as "law", "order",, "truth", and "regularity". It can also be concrete objects such as the waters,  aakasha ( ether ) or the sun as manifestations of the operation of Ṛita in the cosmos.

India is widely recognized at the last place on earth where spirituality still exists. Even the western thinkers agree that  a chapter which had a Western beginning will have to have an Indian ending if it is not to end in self-destruction of the human race.

At this supremely dangerous moment in human history the only way of salvation for the mankind is an Indian way – Arnold Toynbee



In times of confusion and crisis regarding what is right and what is wrong, one's own conscience is the sole guide.


"In times of doubt, O, son of Kunti [Arjuna], one must decide using one's own good sense”-  Bhagawat Gita 

Hindus respect and appreciate culture in terms of itself.  We are sensitive to cultural nuances .  We listen and we respect local values .  We understand that culture has a life of its own and is stronger than life and triumphs over death.  

We believe human beings have feelings unlike machines. In an Indian company employees areseen as  bread winners at home.  Shared ethos has more weight than adherence to hard written rules and there is absence of deception.

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset . Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras around a holy fire. No Hindu woman will go for silicon implants to save her marriage. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.

Patanjali Yoga sutra (1.33) -- Mind becomes purified by cultivating feelings of maitri ( friendliness, lovingness) which is a feeling towards others when others are happy,  Karuna ( compassion or mercy) feelings towards others when others are suffering,  mudita (gladness or good will) towards where there are good things happening and upeksha (indifference, neutrality or acceptance) where there is bad things are happening or bad behavior from other people.

Dharma fosters a climate of social and spiritual responsibility. Dharma is not a set of rules that restrict your way of life or cramp your style. Dharma puts things in their proper place, allows your perspective and creates and maintains balance.  

In the  Dharmashastras, dharma is examined from virtually every imaginable angle,  every perspective , from kingly duties, cultural norms, sexual relations, and everyday social rules such as manners and etiquette.

And mind you it is not the ridiculous Emily Post type of snooty etiquette where a genteel lady has to crook her little finger while having tea.



Hinduism teaches that people who remain on the path of dharma lead successful, happy lives.  It is the secret to divine joy on earth.

Today, with emigration and globalisation, and the assault of foreign funded TV on our culture, it is far more difficult for Hindus to discern what practices are consistent with dharma.

Karma is understood in Hinduism as a universal law of cause and effect. Positive actions produce positive effects; negative actions produce negative effects. To act dharmically is to act in a karmically positive manner, therefore. 

When one acts dharmically, one necessarily produces positive karma. This karma is cumulative: one accrues karma, positive and negative, not only throughout the course of one's life, but throughout the course of one's multiple rebirths. It is karma that determines one's rebirths. Once your accrued karma log is cleared , on god’s sanction alone, you attain moksha, which is the final end to earthly sojourns. 

Dharma embraces every type of righteous conduct covering every aspect of life essential for the sustenance and welfare of the indiavidual and society and includes those rules which guide and enable those to attain moksha (eternal bliss).

Dharma nourishes our society and existence. One must carry out their duties without being attached to the results of their actions. Hinduism connects metaphysics, ethics, and ontology. Ethics only makes sense if it is based on the nature of self and reality. 

This makes Hindu ethics unique in terms of other views that separate ethics as separate discipline. Dharma is the greatest and the most valuable contribution to humanity by India. All our present day problems are a direct result of disregarding 'Dharma' , under the influence of a materialistic philosophy, ( dished out by foreign funded media and TV )in the belief that it alone can usher in happiness and secure the welfare of the people.  

Dharma is a Sanskrit expression of the widest import.  There is no corresponding word in any other language—for righteous conduct in every sphere of activity. Dharma sustains the society. Dharma ensures the well being and progress of humanity.




Above: Protecting the environment, flora and fauna is the Dharma of a Hindu.

The life of a man as per Dharma is broken down into four stages— you could call this periods of 25 years each..

BRAHMACHARYA: The first is the student stage. The student is unmarried and hence called a brahmacarin. He devotes himself to studies in a gurukula ( school ) under a Guru ( teacher ) .  During this stage his dharma is to acquire knowledge and skills and kept his mind and body supremely fit.  He is required to cultivate moral character and discipline which would enable him to develop his personality so that he would not only be useful to himself but also to the members of the family and to society as well. During this stage he cannot lead a wanton life.

GRIHASTA:  By now he can becomes a householder and marry.  He must continue his lineage an procreate.  He must earn  legitimate income and through it to serve the family and the society. He must maintain sexual morality and keep his family happy by providing for them every which way . He must strive to educate his children and make them worthy citizens.  Marriage is a compromise where you create a sense of belonging.  He has a dharma to be useful to society.

VANAPRASTHA:  In this stage a man must gain spiritual knowledge and do meditation and yoga.  He must now loosen his attachment to wordly and material life .  He must retire from earning activities and devoting more time to the service of society.  He must give back what you have taken from society with interest. This could be skills or knowledge. During this period, he is required to encourage his sons to take up family responsibility and of course get good vetted spouses for them.

SANYASA : In the final stage man must get seclusion and renounce the material life to lead of life of spirituality . He must turn his mind towards God or Paramatma.

Thus, the four Ashramas were by and large intended to secure human excellence by requiring an individual to discharge the four pious obligations in an effective manner, and by leading a purposeful life.  This arrangement was intended not only to ensure that an individual would not go astray but also that he would follow the path of righteousness through out his life.

The Dharma of the wind to blow, the Dharma of the sun to heat up the world and sustain life, the Dharma of fire to burn.  It is the Dharma of the Plants to give out oxygen . It is the dharma of animals and humans to give out carbon dioxide and plants to take in carbon di oxide at night .  

And behind the delicate workings and inter-relations between the various cosmic phenomena, there is an order, an intelligently engineered and organized system, a set of laws that seem to be at work governing the great forces and powers (Shakti) at play behind these laws.  

This is Rita , the cosmic order, that includes many dynamic sub-orders, each represented by powers and forces of great intensity and magnitude, each governed by their own dharma or internal law of being and working – each interacting upon one another, within the boundaries of that law, sustaining, maintaining and upholding all things material and phenomenal in this universe.

Our ancient seers and maharishis saw rights and responsibilities as two sides of the same coin and decided to emphasize responsibilities and duty over rights,  whereas other civilizations emphasized rights.

They knew that when responsibilities and duties are fulfilled, people receive their rights. For example, when parents fulfill their duties and responsibilities for their children--their children receive their rights. The same principle applies for a nation and its citizens. Where people live in conformity with their dharma, the individual rights of all others are naturally granted.

 यतोभ्युदयनि:श्रेयससिद्धि: स धर्म: ।

 Meaning :  Dharma is that by means of which one acquires prosperity and the ultimate upliftment. Vaisheshik Sutras 1.12

 श्रेयान्स्वधर्मो विगुण: परधर्मात्स्वनुष्ठितात् ।
  स्वधर्मे निधनं श्रेय: परधर्मो भयावह: ।। - श्री महाभारत ६.२७.३५

Meaning : One's own code of dharma is superior even if it be faulty in comparison to another's code of righteousness  which may be easier to adopt.  Mahabharata 6.27.35




The belief in the existence of the all-pervasive Divinity in the universe creates an attitude of acceptance, reverence, benevolence and compassion for all things and beings in the mind of a Hindu. He does not see any intrinsic evil in Nature. He sees the ground, the sky, the trees, the hills and mountains, and the rivers all sacred.

A Hindu considers life a divine pilgrimage from "unreal to real, darkness to light, and death to immortality."  Being on this road of pilgrimage, a Hindu has no intention to hurt anyone. He is thoroughly convinced that whatever he does in this life will come back to him in the next life.

Thus he must do good and be good now, as he will have to come back again and again in this world until all karma scores are settled. This is why a beggar with just a loin cloth as his property does NOT attack anybody on the streets , like in countries where Christianity rules.

In Muslim countries they are plain scared of losing their neck or limb.  It is NOT morality which deters them-- just raw fear of severe painful retribution.  This is like you wife makes bed tea for you , because she is afraid of getting slapped -- NOT out of love.



Saraswati is the goddess of learning and knowledge. Thus, if a Hindu wants to pray for acquiring knowledge and understanding, he prays to Saraswatî.  Just as sunlight cannot have a separate and independent existence from the sun itself, a Hindu deity does not have a separate and independent existence from the Supreme Being.  

Thus, Hindu worship of deities is monotheistic polytheism and not simple polytheism. .Hindus declare that there is only one Supreme Being and He is the God of all religions, which is the morphogenetic field of consciousness ( the intelligent empty space within the atom )



Above: There are 108 Upanishads , the number of beads in a rudraksha mala . 



The person who hates none, who is friendly and has compassion for all, who has no selfishness and ego, who , maintains balance of mind in pain and pleasure, who has contentment, is steady in meditation, self controlled, and firm in his decision, who is dedicated to me, and who is my devotee is dear to me. Bhagavadgita, Chapter XII-13-14




Let the sastras be your authority in deciding what you should do and what you should desist from doing. Having understood what is ordained by the Sastras, you should act accordingly. Bhagawat Gita 16-24

As per Christianity, every man is a sinner till he is saved by Jesus. Christian salvation is the so called solution to the problem of Eternal Damnation caused by Original Sin.

But that problem does not exist within the Hindu dharma traditions.  Why should you be saved when you have NOT been condemned in the first place. You have a clear conscience and you have NOT stitched up anybody.

Imagine someone asking you if you have been pardoned from your prison sentence, and you wonder what effin’ prison sentence.  You have no sin hooks on your body dragging you to eternal hell which has to be unhooked by the Lord (PBUH ).

Christianity's fundamental tenet is that that every human is born a sinner and remains so until he surrenders himself to Jesus Christ.

Hinduism is the religion of bliss. It considers the Right of Happiness to be the highest fundamental right of all humans.  

As an essential prerequisite for the Right to Happiness, the Rig Veda unequivocally declares that all human beings are equal.

The Vedas and Upanishads were the primordial source of Dharma, a compendious term for all Human Rights and Duties, the observance of which was regarded as essential for securing peace and happiness to individuals and society.

The Smritis and Puranas were collections of the rules of Dharma including Civil Rights and criminal liabilities (Vyavahara Dharma) as also Raja Dharma (Constitutional Law).  There were also several other authoritative works on Raja Dharma,  the Kamandaka, Shukra Niti and Kautilya’s Artha Shastra.  All of them unanimously declare that the objective of the State was to secure happiness of all.

Samani Prapaa Saha Vonnabhagah
Samane Yoktre Saha vo Yunajmi
Aaraah Nabhimivaabhitah

“All have equal Rights to articles of food and water. The yoke of the chariot of life is placed equally on the shoulders of all. All should live together in harmony supporting one another like the spokes of a wheel of the chariot connecting its rim and hub”. (Atharva Veda – Samjnana Sukta).

 Narada Smriti, requires the king to protect non-believers too.

“Pashandanaigama sreni poogavraata ganadishu
Samrakshet samayam Raja Durge Janapade Tatha”

“The king should accord protection to compacts of associations of believers of Vedas (Naigamas) as also the non-believers (Pashandis) and others” (Narada Smriti, Dharma Kosha)

“We not only tolerate, but we Hindus accept every religion …. Knowing that all religions, from the lowest fetishism to the highest absolutism, mean so many attempts of the human soul to grasp and realize the infinite, each determined by the conditions of its birth and association, and each of them marking a stage of progress” –  Hinduism expert, Swami Vivekananda at the World Parliament of Religions in Chicago in 1893.

The secular ideals of Europe are nascent in front of the Hindu ideal of ‘Sarva Dharma Samabhav’ – ‘Equal Respect for all Religions’. Whereas the secular ideology stops at calling for ‘tolerance’ to the diversity, 

Hinduism goes much further. It doesn’t just tolerate; it accepts every religion. It transcends all barriers of religious bigotry and even celebrates diversity. Diversity in form and unity in spirit is what Hinduism stands for.

Before 7000 BC, India ruled the whole world.  After 7000 BC, India ruled from Jeruslam to Urals to Vietnam.  The ancient Maharishis of that era, have said that  that  the whole humanity is like a big extended family.

Samaani va Aakootihi Samaanaa Hridayaanivah
Samaanamastu vo Mano Yathaa Vah Susahaasati
-        RigVeda, Mandala-10, Sukta-191, Mantra-4

 “Let there be oneness in your resolutions, hearts and minds; let the determination to live with mutual cooperation be firm in you all”.

The modern globalist want us to believe that the whole world is a huge market. While the generous  ancient Hindus  (of Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam – the world as one Family)  stood for one harmonious world, the greedy globalisation cartel stands for one vulgar market.  In reality what we are actually achieving is not globalisation, but Walmart-isation and Monsato-isation. 

Prajasukhe Sukham Rajnah Prajanam cha Hite Hitam
Naatmapriyam Hitam Rajnah Prajanaam tu Priyam Hitam

“In the happiness of the subjects lies the happiness of the King; in their welfare his welfare. The King shall not consider what pleases himself as good; whatever pleases his subjects is only good for him” (Artha Shastra)

These Fundamental Rights represent the basic values cherished by the Indians since the Vedic times and they are calculated to protect the dignity and happiness of the individual and create conditions in which every human being can develop his personality to the fullest extent.


Manusmriti mandates that highest respect and regard must be extended to women. Gods are pleased, with the house in which women are respected, in that house in which women are insulted and are made to suffer, every thing done is sure to go waste.  If in a house daughter, the daughter-in-law, and the sisters 'and other women suffer, that house is sure to be destroyed.  The house in which such women live happily, secures wealth and happiness.

“It may be confidently asserted that in no nation of antiquity were women held in so much esteem as amongst Hindus”  Prof Horace Heyman Wilson Director , Royal Asiatic Society.



Above : Hinduism is a religion which has withstood the VULGAR proselyting onslaught of Islam ( by sword ) and Christianity ( by sops ) for 800 years.

The Indians who were taken abroad as slaves by the British,  by DECEIT MOST FOUL also hung on to their religion against all odds.

Punch in Google search THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL

The Muslim priesthood till today sanctifies four wives and gives abusive religious dictats called "fatwa" from the mosque.  

Christian priesthood claims superiority and entices the poor and vulnerable of other faiths to conversion with immoral sops.  This type of sops is what a pedophile uses on 4 year old girls—first give a lollipop to suck on, and then later something else.. 

It is NOT allowed to exploit human vulnerability as per Hindu dharma.



Dharma has attributes like  rationality, sense of duty, justice, peace, truthfulness, hospitality, kindness , respect, compassion, non-violence, rectitude, humanity, spirituality, fairness , patience, self restraint , tolerance, ethics, service to others, right to life , natural justice, virtue, morality, bonafide work and philanthropy.  Dharma thus truly symbolises universal values of humanism and forms the basis of global ethics.


Tadrisho ayam anuprashno yatra dharmaha sudurlabaha
Dushkamha pralisankhyatum tatkenatra vysvasyathi
Prabhavarthaya bhutanam dharmapravachanam kritam
Yasyat prabhavasamyuktaha sa dharma iti nischayaha


It is most difficult to define Dharma. Dharma has been explained to be that which helps the upliftment of living beings. Therefore, that which ensures the welfare of living beings is surely Dharma. The learned rishis have declared that that which sustains is Dharma.-- Bhishma to Yuddhistra Mahabharata

Respect for all religions is Dharma.   Dharma is universal, it applies to all whether they belong to any religion or not.  It is a code of conduct for all human beings for all time to come.  It is eternal and unalterable just as you cannot alter the property of fire of burning and of water of flowing.

The goal of dharma is to raise the quality of life , ensure spiritual awaking and fulfill humanity’s destiny. To be a Hindu, you don’t need any certificate from any temple, church or mosque or praying house .  

You need not recite any verse.  You need not believe in any particular God or book.  You simply have to have a conscience and be honest to yourself.  

Can anybody be a Muslim if he outrightly rejects Quran? Can anybody be a  Christian if he outrightly rejects the holy Bible ?  

Can any Muslim in Pakistan or Saudi Arabia say in public to other muslims that he wants to convert to Christianity, and still hope to be alive the next day?  As long as a Muslim in in minority he wants a SECULAR government. But soon he will procreate like mice ( if conversions by force are NOT happeneing ) and then as soon as he is in majority he wants SHARIA Islamic government with religious police to enforce . 
But yes, one can be a Hindu even if he outrightly rejects the Vedas.

Scientists have found out today that Vedic mantras  have therapeutic and psychological benefits even when recited without understanding them. For Sanskrit emanated from the DNA of seers.

Punch into google search –
POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS  VADAKAYIL




Hinduism’s goal is to provide a nurturing platform for all.  Hinduism allows different options to all of us at all times to choose what is naturally best for us and progress from there.  

Hinduism existed when division of humans on basis of religion was non-existent. Hinduism is a ‘celebration’ of ‘being human’. Hinduism, is a synonym for ‘being human’.


Vedic provisions forcefully declare equality among all human beings. They impresses that just as no spoke of a wheel is superior to another, no individual can claim to be, or regarded as, superior to others. This was the grand concept of equality in India.



Below is a British stooge BR Ambedkar, who was used to divide Hindus, for divide and rule. You will understand the vulgar games this man played , if you punch into Google search -

CNN IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI VADAKAYIL



Dharanat dharma mityahu dharmo dhara-yate prajaha
Yat syad dharanasamyuktam sa dharma iti nischayaha


Dharma sustains the society.  Dharma maintains the social order.  Dharma ensures well being and progress of humanity.  Dharma is surely that which fulfills these objectives-  Lord Krishna To Arjuna Karna Parva, Mahabharata

People from other religions ridicule Hindus for having so many dieties.  

My answer to them is this.

Are any of these deities imposed on Hindus ?  Or is the deity chosen by a Hindus free choice?  Is any holy book or messiah or place of worship  ever imposed on a Hindu?  Does any Hindus ever claim that only he is on the right path?  This is the uniqueness of Hindu Dharma. This is the all-encompassing pervasiveness of Hindu Dharma. This is the proof of the greatness of Hindu Dharma.

In fact the supreme brahmAn – the morphogenetic consciousness field –  is just an intelligent empty space which controls every electron.

Hindu Dharma considers compassion and moral conscience in human beings sacred.  Other religions  preach that ‘man is a sinner and God sends His Prophet to the earth for his emancipation’.  

धारणात् धर्मं इत्याहुर्धर्मो धारयती प्रजा: । - महाभारत १२.१०९.११

Righteousness is that which nurtures the subjects and in turn the society. - Mahabharat 12.109.11

This vulgar presumption considers that man is a sinner and suffers from defects , and all the authority to emancipate him has been given to the Prophet is ridiculous.   So that man is bound to accept the greatness of the Prophet and serve him without question?

At least once each year every Hindu must make a pilgrimage to a holy place, near or far. This is a time when all worldly matters are set aside and God becomes the  central and singular focus of life.

Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life. Hindus  onsider dharma the very foundation of life.

Prithivim dharmana dhritam
The world is upheld by dharma- Atharva Veda

Dharma is like a cosmic norm and if one goes against the norm it can result in bad karma. So, dharma affects the future according to the karma accumulated. Ethics is the supporting structure of Hinduism. Within its framework of good conduct lie the joys of spiritual living and the depths of God consciousness.

All Mankind is One Family- Rig Veda, 1.164.46

Hindu dharma has no founder, the word Sanatana implies that it always existed.  Dharma is anything that upholds or sustains a positive order. Hindus consider that loyalty to one's moral values is the highest loyalty, and of all the losses, loss of one's character and conscience are the worst.  

Morality proceeds from the inner spirit of man. In Hindu dharma , one's motive is as important in the performance of an action as the action itself. Harmlessness to all life on earth is of the highest morality .  

Hindus place greater emphasis on the attitude of the mind rather than on postulation of the elaborate theories of what is right and what is wrong as in other religions (like the ten commandments ).  The purity of the heart is important.  Sanatana Dharma is not restricted to Indian boundaries but it is universal.

Hinduism is not just mere faith. It is the union of reason and intuition that cannot be defined but is only to be experienced.  When we live in accordance with the divine law of dharma, we are in harmony with truth and move toward spiritual advancement.

Since Christianity and Islam were born they have filled the earth with violence, drenched the soil with blood again and again . They have destroyed  civilizations, and sent whole nations to despair.

The world is now coming back to the mother of all religions Hinduism—the west call as PAGAN.  Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old. This is the only religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions.

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort. Ancient India and her unique culture has survived over 12000 years, because Hinduism was developed along Spiritual lines, NOT materialistic lines.

You don’t have to live in India to be a Hindu. You could be a Catholic living in England, as long as you have a conscience, live in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties, do not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. You must understand that human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness.

Four qualities that keep a person the path of dharma are purity, compassion, austerity and truth- Bhagawad Purana.

Sanskara is a process by which good qualities are generated and bad qualities are removed in an individual. Thus, when knowledge of rules of Dharma and of Dharma abiding nature is ingrained in the mind of an individual, it acts as antigen against the six enemies inherent in him and always makes him conform to dharma. That is why 'Dharma' is given the pride of place by our ancestors- Adi Shankaracharya Vedanta Sutra -2000 BC


The six inherent enemies in Man, namely Kama (desire), Krodha (anger), Lobha (greed), Moha (passion), Mada (infatuation) and Matsarya (enmity).

There is indeed a world of difference between Dharma and religion . Dharma is a higher, overarching principle of life on earth. .  The Supreme court of India  defined Indian  Dharma thus: “‘Dharma’ is that which upholds, nourishes, or supports the stability of the society, maintains social order and secures the wellbeing and progress of mankind.

'आनृशंस्यं परो धर्म:
Compassion itself is ultimate Righteousness (Mahabharat 3.373.76)

Try thinking with your heart and loving with your mind.


See what a difference it makes. It could save you from pain and decadence .

Ekam sat vipraha, bahudha vadanti.
"Truth is one, the wise call It by various names."- Rig Veda 5000 BC

HINDUS HAVE A DHARMA REGARDING VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP,  WHICH GIVE NUTRITIOUS A1 MILK , AND MEDICINAL URINE , WHOSE GHEE IS USED FOR AGNIHOTRA RITUALS -  THAT WILL BE MY NEXT POST. 




WESTERN HUMPLESS COWS GIVE TOXIC A2 MILK AND URINE.
********************************************************************
NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A1 MILK TOXIC CASEIN PROTEIN BETA CASOMORPHINE 7,   HARMFUL PEPTIDE  BCM7 OF A1 MILK,  SURYAKETU NADI OF VEDIC COW  ,  FRAGRANT SMELLING INDIAN HUMPED COW WITH SEBUM GLANDS,   AMINO ACID 67  CAT HISTIDINE  IN  A1 MILK  VERSUS  CCT PROLINE  IN A2 MILK,  CALCIUM MAGNESIUM RATIO  IN HARMFUL  A1  MILK,  AGNIHOTRA GHEE AND GOMUTRA FROM HUMPED COW –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



First things first.

A2 milk produced by humped India cow is good for health , while A1 milk produced by the humpless western cow is toxic for health.

For long the white man ridiculed the Indian vedic cow , saying that it gives very less milk.

3 decades ago, while entering river Thames for London with an Englishman  pilot on board.  I had an argument with the pilot or rather he had an argument with me over which cow is better.

I shot his argument down with one sentence .

The number of litres of milk given in a DAY is computed only by fools .  The number of litres per YEAR is computed by the wise . The Indian cow lactates three times more in a year than the humpless variety and hence gives more milk  .   

This is a question of perception and simple maths.

Also in India we prefer a ZERO maintenance cow,  rather than a fat Jersey cow who keeps eating and drinking throughout the day and falls sick often and hence has to be pumped with antibiotics. And this cow farts methane gas so often that the ozone layer gets a hole.  

Humpless cow fart is the No 1 culprit in global warming .

In India when we do the Agnihotra ritual it is imperative that we use ghee from A2 milk produced by the Indian cow.  Ghee from A1 milk causes negative effects.  Probably one day I will post a blog on quantum EINSTENIAN PAIN WAVES.

Punch into Google search-
NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL

and

AGNIHOTRA  GHEE, COW DUNG VADAKAYIL

Our ancient scriptures written by seers state that the humped Indian cow has a unique Surya Ketu Nadi on her back . This is the main reason why her blood has gold salts which produce miracles. We get copper from cow’s urine because of this nadi.

Similarly the gomutra of urine of a cow has good effect only if the urine is from a humped cow. The urine produced by a humpless cow is toxic.

Punch into Google search-
GOMUTRA  DRINKING COW’S URINE AS AN ELIXIR VADAKAYIL

The various problems associated with humpless cow’s toxic  A1 milk are:
- Autism,
- Diabetes-type 1
- Sudden death Syndrome in infants
- Ulcerative colitis,
- Cardiac problems
- Multiple sclerosis,
- Mental disorders
- Parkinsons 
- Schizophrenia.
- Obesity
- Arteriosclerosis
- Intolerance bloating

Autistic and schizophrenic persons typically excrete large quantities of BCM7 in their urine.

Man can live on A2 milk of the humped Indian cow alone.

The west is now secretly engaged in smuggling our desi cows embryos from India . The West has found out several decades ago that the A2 milk of Indian humped cows is more beneficial, as it has micronutrients like cytokines and minerals which enhance the immune system (A2 beta-casein protein).



Above: The white man showing off his humped Indian bull. You dont need to look at the hump, just by seeing the peaceful face of the cow -- we know it is a Vedic cow.

There are now in the agenda of converting their useless A1 cows to A2 cows . They come to India for embryos of the Punganur cow and the Vechur cow - -as a result of which these cows is now almost extinct. The ghee of Vechur cows was used in Ayurveda to produce medicines and lehyams.  Even today there there is no mechanism to check illegal export of embryos at sea ports in refrigerated containers.

I used to wonder how “the milkman of India” Kurian Varghese got the Magsaysay award.  For this Magsaysay award ,  the foremost qualification is that you have to be a desh drohi.



Verghese Kurian was born in my hometown Calicut with a Christian name , though he claimed to be an atheist.   In 1986 Kurian bagged the Wateler Peace Prize Award Carnegie Foundation of the Netherlands. 

Wonder what they found in Kurian other that he was a great advocate of allowing the Indian cow to be cross bred with Dutch humpless cows.  Some Gujarati  dairy farmers contemptuously gave him a few of his cross breed Holstein humpless cows as dowry on the day of the his daughter’s marriage .

Today almost all co-operative milk marketing federations churn out A1 milk from humpless cows.  Our policy-makers were treated like royalty by the West milk lobby. They were given free trips abroad and their children given scholarships in Western universities.  

Maintaining productive, indigenous bulls was prohibited by the Kerala Livestock Act, 1961, such has been the power of the lobbying West.

Punch into Google search –

KLEPTOCRACY IN INDIA, LOBBYING ,  BRIBING , CRONY CAPITALISM  VADAKAYIL


When Gandhi went to Britain to see the Queen, he took his goat along for a steady supply of A2 milk. I suppose he did NOT want to consume A1 milk and fart in front of the queen or worse- even fall sick.





Today the citizens of the Western countries have woken up.  They buy only A2 milk from their super markets.  Yet in India we are being forced to buy toxic A1 milk from these FDI in multibrand retail stores like Walmart. The Indian hospitals and doctors are aware of this, but they keep quiet. After all the business is booming. 


Today a huge percentage of the Indian bull has been sent to slaughter houses , with the lobbied up western stooge connivance. The government of the waitress turned empress is busy importing semen from western humpless bulls . 

There are few quality desi bulls left for natural mating. Today Brazil and European countries are minting money by selling desi bull semen which they have stolen from India.

The goverments have distributed thousands of humpless Jersey cows to the poor in India. Once the lactation cycle is done, these cows become white elephants tethered to their backyards requiring enormous quantities of food and water.  

Just like how Monsanto is distributing sterile seeds to control the food chain, using their lobbied up desh drohi Indian politicians , we are now at the mercy of the evil west for A2 milk.

Punch into Google search-
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL

The Indian cow does NOT require any antibiotics and need every little food and water. They are zero maintenance animals. Indigenous cows with hump have strong immunity.. Frequency of illness is more in the exotic humpless cows

The western cows have mutated DNA due to the cycle of violence for beef .  When a cow is killed it sends out soliton waves . The vedic seers have been wise when they banned cow slaughter.

Over centuries the polluted ground water in western countries where they bury their dead has affected the DNA causing the cows to produce A1 milk.

When you drink A1 milk , during digestion proteins in milk are broken down in to peptides. Most of these peptides are converted in to amino acids to be absorbed by the blood stream. But all peptides do not get broken down in to amino acids to get absorbed.

Some are excreted in our stools and some manage to get through the leaks in gut wall in to the blood stream while still in peptide form. A1 milk releases in human body the peptide called BCM7 (Betacasomorphine 7). This is an opium family substance, and has been associated with a very large number of serious diseases. One liter A1 Milk contains24-32gms of casein of which 9 to12 grams is BCM7 ( about two tea spoons).

The humped Indian cows have a pleasant smell , while the humpless cows give a repulsive odour.   Indian cows have a shiny appearance and not a furry texture  like the humpless cows – Cows skin should have short glossy hair with greasy appearance which acts as an insect repellent.  

When you rub your hands on the Indian cow, a slight oily sheen created by the cow’s sebum glands stick to your hands. This prevents any dirt clinging on to the body. The western cow’s ass is always smudged with sh#t.

Our desi cows repels flies and mosquitoes and remains clean, while foreign cows remain dirty with flies hovering on them. 



Even if the Indian cow eats paper and plastic surprisingly there is negligible effect on its milk and urine as they take all ill effects in its own body.—and we don’t slaughter them for beef.  The hump on the Indian cows help them to adjust the daily water requirement . 


A2 milk of indigenous humped cows is more beneficial, micronutrients like cytokines and minerals present enhance the immune system.  Exotic humpless breeds have more A1 milk but very little nutrients.

The dewlaps( skin on the neck ) helps them to cope with the extreme heat, keep most diseases away and also calve without any difficulty.   Larger the dewlap, better the resistance power of the cow towards parasites and diseases.  



Above : see the dewlaps - skin on neck and the hump.

The hooves of Indian cows are small in size and the rear hooves split should be very close to each other.  It should not be wide open.  Indian cattle have developed strong hooves to walk on uneven and rocky terrain.

The dung of the Indian humped cow is covered by a  thin mucous which ling and has a pleasant smell and not foul odor like the western humpless cows..

You can feel the Surya Ketu Nadi of any pure Zebu cattle (Indian humped cow).  When you move your fingers through the backbone starting from the hump you should be able to feel a small cavity on the backbone denoting the nerve.  

This nadi causes all secretions of purity, whether it is milk or urine or cowdung . The nadi absorbs energy from sun and the universe as per our ancient ayurvedic texts written by our seers . On a western or hybrid cow backbone will be visible using the sense of eyesight but no such nerve can be felt .

Verghese Kurian ( whose sh#t does not smell in India today thanks to the foreign funded media )  left National Dairy Development Board (NDDB) after being its chairman for 33 years, and passed on its reins to his own prodigee Dr Amrita Patel.  

He is now dead without being punished for his crimes against indigenous cattle and our Indian culture of having milk from humped cows. 

All desh bhakt Indians should honour the proud Gir herders of Gujarat for resisting western stooge Kurian Verghese .

Thank god for the A2 temple bulls which are still alive , which the soulless communist ministers and the lobbied up Christian ministers have NOT been able to kill.  



What type of immoral westerners will advise India to kill their A2 bulls , while they themselves are converting their A1 bulls to the A2 grade.

In Kerala successive  governments  wanted a complete elimination of Indian humped bulls.  The Vechur cow was extinct.   Some students from a vetinary college of Trissur was shown a Vechur cow happily grazing all alone and they started dancing with joy.  Today there are nearly a hundred vechur cows in the Veterinary College of Trissur.


The Punjab Gausewa Board (PGB), has declared that more than 81% percent of the state’s nearly 1.1 lakh stray cattle are exotic crossbreeds.  Punjabis are now the major consumers of GM grain thanks to Monsanto and the Green revolution.  Punjabi youth are caught in a web of drugs thanks to these toxic foods which mutate the DNA.  


The ideal calcium to magnesium ratio for the human body should be 2:1.  The A1 milk's ratio is 10:1. By relying on A1 cow's milk for calcium, you will have magnesium deficiency and imbalance.

Magnesium relaxes you, helps improve digestion, increases alkalinity of the blood and flexibility of the tissues. It is a muscle relaxant.  Magnesium is critical for the assimilation of calcium into the bones and is crucial for regular heart function.  Magnesium is anti-inflammatory and a de-toxifier.  Magnesium is the master molecule of the human body and is needed in over 300 different process the body performs.  It is the catalyst of life.  

Magnesium is involved in nerve and muscle function.  Magnesium activates the enzymes necessary for a number of physiological functions, including neuromuscular contractions, heart and cardiovascular function, and the regulation of the acid-alkaline balance in the body.  2% of Migraines are related Calcium magnesium imbalance.  Magnesium is required for the body to produce and store energy. Without magnesium there is no energy, no movement, no life.  It is that simple.  

Magnesium permits a small amount of calcium to enter a nerve cell, just enough to allow electrical transmission along the nerves to and from the brain, then forces it back outside.  Even our thoughts, via brain neurons, are dependent on magnesium. Since 99% of magnesium resides inside living cells, blood serum levels are not a good indicator of magnesium deficiency.  Ionized magnesium testing is the only effective way of diagnosing accurate magnesium levels in the body. Too much A1 cow's milk will lower magnesium levels .

 Different mutations in bovine beta casein gene have led to 12 genetic variants and out of these A1 and A2 are the most common. The A1 and A2 variants of beta casein differ at amino acid position 67 with histidine (CAT) in A1 and proline (CCT) in A2 milk as a result of single nucleotide difference.

This polymorphism leads to a key conformational change in the secondary structure of expressed β-casein protein. Gastrointestinal proteolytic digestion of A1 variant of β-casein (raw/processed milk) leads to generation of bioactive peptide, beta casomorphin 7 (BCM7 ).

The gene encoding beta-casein was changed such that the 67th amino acid in the 209 amino acid chain that is the beta-casein protein was switched from proline to histidine.  This new kind of beta-casein that was created is known as A1 beta-casein, and is generally more common in many of the big black-and-white cow breeds of European descent such as the Holstein and Friesian. Indian humped cows have uniform colour.

Beta casein protein is a long chain of amino acids, 209 to be precise. Repeating- the beta casein in A1 milk contains histidine at amino acid 67 and the beta casein in A2 milk contains proline at amino acid 67. 

The inflammation from A1 milk casein causes lymphatic congestion and metabolic suppression.A1 milk worsens acne, eczema, upper respiratory infections, asthma and allergies.  It causes digestive problems, and not because of the lactose, but because of  massive histamine release from casomorphin.  Ear infections, bronchitis , tonsillitis are driven by A1 casein, and in adulthood, the same immune-disruption manifests as other inflammatory conditions.


 A1 milk casein sustains endometriosis,  because it of its inflammatory, immune-disruptive effect.  This condition improves avfer shunning A1 milk. Endometriosis is a gynecological medical condition in which cells from the lining of the uterus (endometrium) appear and flourish outside the uterine cavity, most commonly on the membrane which lines the abdominal cavity. Many women with infertility may have endometriosis.



Every Indian must know that A1 milk of the humpless western cow , will kill them prematurely.  This is the milk you get in super markets and from co-operative societies. They must get this new across to their loved ones and well wishers.




Most of our A2 bulls have vanished  because of slaughter . Artificial insemination from A1 bulls are making our native breeds extinct.  If the desh bhakts in India do NOT resist,  our pure Vedic desi breeds are likely to disappear within this a decade.


The European Union , Australia and New Zealand are now consuming safe A2 milk and dumping their toxic A1 milk products in India  via the FDI in retail stores.

The gene pool of the indigenous Indian cow has been allowed to fade away by these foreign award winning desh drohis , in connivance with the foreign funded media.



India is rushing headlong towards food security suicide. Thanks to our waitress turned empress and her desh drohi coterie.   The first thing the new UPA CM Siddaramiah ( atheist ) of Karrataka does is to declare that he will stop the ban of cow slaughter – of humped cows and humped bulls.



So here we are, heading with suicidal speed towards jeopardising our nation’s food security,  ruining the backbone of our agro-economy and handing the control of our dairy industry to foreign markets. We are witnessing the end of the Vedic Kamadhenu cow.



The day is not far when India will have to beg for GM seeds and bull semen from Zionist multinationals.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
UNKNOWN HISTORY OF SIKHS AND SIKHISM , PAWNS IN DIVIDE AND RULE POLICY OF BRITISH EMPIRE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BANDA SINGH BAHADUR BAIRAGI AND CREATION OF SIKH EMPIRE FURTHER CONSOLIDATED BY MAHARAJA RANJIT SINGH ,  EQUATION BETWEEN MUGHAL EMPERORS AND SIKH GURUS ,  DR ERNEST TRUMP,   WHITE SIKH MAX ARTHUR MACAULIFFE  THE WOLF IN SHEEP’S CLOTHING ,  LEPEL HENRY GRIFFIN,  WILLIAM HEWAT MCLEOD ,  ANAND MARRIAGE ACT FINAL VESTED AMPUTATION OF SIKHISM FROM HINDUSIM  ON MAY 23RD 2012,  SIKH SUPPORT TO BRITISH IN FIRST WAR OF INDEPENDENCE 1857 AND GADHAR FREEDOM MOVEMENT OF JATIN BAGHA ,  MATA SUNDRI AND HER FATWAS ,  AHMADIYYA CLAIM THAT GURU NANAK WHO VISITED MECCA IS MUSLIM ,  SIKH INVOLVEMENT IN BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY OWNER ROTHSCHILD’S DREAM OF CARVING OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL, GURU GRANTH SAHIB,  DESHAM GRANTH  SAHIB ,  NAMDHARIS ON GURU GOBIND SINGH’S  MYSTERIOUS DEATH AT NANDED,  SIKH SOLDIERS AS CANON FODDER IN BOTH WORLD WARS,  GOLDEN TEMPLE AMRITSAR HONOUR OF SAROPA ROBE TO GENERAL DYER -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

 

Today it is all over the newspapers,  that Britain is including Sikh history and Indian Freedom struggle , in the school curriculum  of schools in England , for the Indian students. 

BEWARE-- IT WILL BE FAKE HISTORY --  AIMED TO PRODUCE DESH DROHIS.

Check out the Sikh hand in the picture above-- restraining the Muslim hand . 

It was NOT a Sikh hand at all. 

Guru Gobind Singh started Sikhism on the Baisakhi day of 1699.   

Seven years later Aurangezeb died,  and the Mughal empire was on the decline SOLELY due to the efforts of a Hindu Tantrik Banda Bahadur.  

Before 1699 there was NO Sikhism at all.   

When Guru Gobind Singh died , Sikhs did NOT hold an inch of land .. 

It was a tantric Hindu saint by the name of Banda Bahadur who first wrested land back from the powerful son of Muslim Emperor Aurangezeb ( who had just died )--  at the peak of the Mughal Empire.. ( see map below ) . 

Imagine devout Christian boxer Manny Pacquiao has won 50 world title tournaments by KO.   

One fine day his descendant after 300 years converts to Muslim religion, and then claims that his champion boxer ancestor was also Muslim. 

He immorally starts painting Manny in Islamic garb, and replaces the Bible in his hand with the Koran in the picture.  

What nonsense is this? 

Is there NO clear thinking?  

Capt Ajit Vadakayil can think crystal clear.


Some Sikhs have NOT understood me so far?

Let me explain again.

You are a Sikh today , right?

Can you paper convert your Hindu ancestor born 1000 years ago into a Sikh?

It is NOT possible at all !!.

Same way, You cannot "paper convert" any of the first 9 gurus into Sikhism -- before the 10th Guru Gobind Singh had his amrit chakna ceremony for his Panj Piaras into Sikhism and created the 5K Sikh religion.

It does NOT work the  way you think,  if you have some brains.




For being a Hindu, Banda Bahadur's army , which contained Sikhs was split into two by Guru Gobind's wife. -- into  Hindu faction and Sikh 5Ks  faction.



Above : Golden temple Amritsar in 1857



Above: Golden Temple today.

The glorious Sikh History has been totally hijacked by Khalistani separatists who have opened up thousands of sites on the Internet churning out false propaganda to poison young impressionable Sikh minds .

Level headed desh bhakt Sikhs must know that they are the ornaments of Mother India. 

Their Hindu ancestors stood up arms ONLY to protect their motherland from the rampaging Muslim invaders.  

Desh bhakt Sikhs must know that all their ten gurus were born Khatri Hindus. 

When Guru Gobind passed away, the Sikhs did NOT hold an inch of land.  Their status was that of "brave but gullible" loser guerrillas. 

 

Above : 10th Guru , Gobind Singh-- who started the Sikh religion.  His second wife Sundri paid put to his dreams .

Guru Gobind Singh personally went to Nanded far away from the Sikh bastions to meet a Hindu Dogra Tantrik by the name of Banda Singh Bahadur. 



This name was conferred by Guru Gobind Singh along with a sword of honour.  His original name of Lachman Dev later called Madho Das after he became a Tantrik.



It was a Hindu , Banda Singh Bahadur who first captured Moghul lands by astonishing bravery and sharpness of mind.  Later Maharaja Ranjit Singh would carve out the mighty and glorious Sikh empire -- just by uniting small Sikh MISLS created by Hindu Banda Bahadur..



I have already posted on Ranjit Singh considering every Sikh site and text is making Ram our of Ravan and Ravan out of Ram.  Some of these historians are just naïve with no perception or ability to connect the dots , or even know that a German Jew by the name of Rothschild ruled India .  

This ship owner of British East India Company came to trade in spices. The British army fought for the German Jew.  Only in this Internet age, the gullible Brits have come to know that their King and PM were just stooges of this Banking cartel.



Punch into Google search –
MAHARAJA RANJIT SINGH, THE RISE AND FALL OF THE SIKH EMPIRE  VADAKAYIL



Till Muslim invader Tipu Sultan came to Calicut with his long range and accurate cannons Kerala ( gifted by the French arm of Rothschild ) was virtually impregnable , as we had the traditional system of Kalari martial swordsmanship.

Why should a white Jew give arms to an enemy Muslim?

Punch into Google search-
TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

And here we have Salman Khurshid and the waitress turned empress trying to make a freedom fighter out of Tipu Sultan, who have apparently put hazaar bori ghee aur shakkar into the moonh of Hindus..

The same SECULAR duo was actively involved in passing the Anand Marriage act in 23rd May 2012.  The Nirankari Conference in Rawalpindi in March 1855 introduced Anand Marriage act , which was drafted by Rothschild    

Sikh marriages are now to be registered under the Anand Marriage Act instead of the Hindu Marriage Act.  Besides Sikhs, Jains and Buddhists are also issued certificates under Hindu laws.  Sikh marriage ceremonies are known as 'Anand Karaj' (blissful event).

In 1857 later Rothschild stopped all pretenses of being a trader and took over India with Sikh help.

Punch into Google search-
MURKY TRUTHS OF THE SEPOY'S MUTINY 1857 VADAKAYIL

The Queen Bee  could NOT deliver justice to the poor Sikhs of 1984 , who were massacred .  But here they are successful in amputating Sikhs from Bharat Mata, under pressure from separatist Canadian Sikhs .  

In 1905, Arur Singh, manager of the Golden Temple , on being goaded by the British ordered the removal of all Hindu idols from the precincts of the Golden Temple. Till then the Hindu Brahmins had presided over different Sikh marriage ceremonies.  

They expelled the Brahmins from the Har Mandir, where the latter had worked as priests.  They also threw out the idols of “Hindu” Gods from this temple which were installed there.  These were the same gods that Guru Nanak had worshipped  and mentioned so lovingly in his memoirs.

The 1909 the British granted separate electorates to Muslims for creating a political electorate based purely upon religious difference.  Christians and Sikhs were on the side of the British already. Hindus were  splintered by Rothschild’s stooges like BR Ambedkar.

Punch into Google search --

CNN IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL

Indira Gandhi’s fate was sealed the day she nationalized the Indian banks .  Rothschild runs the International banking cartel.

Below : The family tree of the Gurus--- Guru Ram Das the fourth Guru was the son-in-law of 3rd Guru Amar Das , and hence has NO blood connection with Guru Nanak.

All the Sikh Gurus were Khatris . The Bedi sub-caste of the Khatris derives its lineage from Kush, the son of Rama in the Hindu mythology.  Sodhi sub-caste claims descent from the Lav, the other son of Rama.  


The Khatris are among the very few non-Brahmin communities that have traditionally studied the Vedas.  Guru Nanak was a Bedi,  Guru Angad was a Trehan, Guru Amar Das was a Bhalla, and the rest of the Gurus were Sodhis.













We all know that Christianity and Islam are invaders religions. They look for salvation in Saudi Arabia and Israel and Italy.  Today a lot of these Indian converts are Indians second and Muslims/Christians first.  

Will Sikhs go the same way?  Till 2012 when we imagined an Indian soldier it was always a proud Sikh soldier who came into our thoughts. 



Everybody knows when the Moghul invaders started terrorizing the Hindus, they got together and donated their first born to wear the 5Ks’ and be a Sikh warrior.  

The Jats fighting Moghuls were already observing the five Ks’ long before this became a visible symbol of Sikhs. The sword, the nada shorts , and the long hair was always there . 



The Khada was worn on their body or the head , basically a very sharp circular disc which can be thrown even to kill by unskilled people . The Kangi ( comb ) was an addition.

Guru Nanak himself has seen and recorded the gruesome sack of Multan, where Babur’s army raped dead Hindu women .  Guru Nanak was in jail for several days doeing chakki peesing. It was then reported to Babur by the prison guards that a holy Sufi saint was in jail by mistake. 



Babur then met him and freed him. This events is recorded  in the Guru Granth Sahib holy book , as Babur Vani.  There is a Pakistani version I know, which is NOT worth being mentioned in this post.

13.83 lakh Indian soldiers were recruited by Rothschild’s  South African import Gandhi for the First World war. 



Rothschild stooge Gandhi did NOT have to recruit Sikhs,  as Sikhs were directly recruited by Rothschild in the British Army.   

Out of this 1.10 lakh Indian soldiers died in the First World war. 



The Indian soldiers were used as cannon fodder in the most dangerous sectors of battle. There is NO memorial for the Indian soldier as they were counted among the donkeys and mules.



Out of 25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers recruited with the active help of our non-violent Rothschild stooge Gandhi for the 2nd World War , to kill the Germans , ...243000 ( 2.43 ) lakh Indian soldiers died.



The First and the Second world wars had only one single purpose --to carve out the Jewish state of Israel.
In the first world war there were pure Sikh Regiments  under British commanders .  




Brave Sikhs fought for the white man and earned 28 battle honours.



In both the First and the Second World Wars 1.62 lakh  turban-wearing Sikh soldiers were killed and 2.34 lakh were wounded .  This figure is only for turban wearing Sikhs. 

Below: Majestic looking Sikh soldiers.



14 Victoria Crosses were awarded to the Sikhs.  As late as  2002, the names of all Sikh VC and George Cross winners were inscribed on the pavilion monument of the Memorial Gates on Constitution Hill next to Buckingham Palace, London.



The Sikhs had been chaddoed on the proverbial  channe ka jhaad quite early.  Low how mothers praise their children so that they don’t  sneak out to play and study well.  




They were regularly praised for their bravery by the British and later they would smirk over it while having their brandy and cigars. 



The Sikhs had a reputation to live up to, while fighting for their masters.  The Sikh Regiment were awarded a one rank seniority over other Indian Sepoys and awarded the authorisation to wear the coveted  red turban (which is still worn by the regiment today) opposed to the standard blue head dress worn by British Indian Army Units at the time.  



They were constantly reminded and praised about their brave fight with the Afridi Lashkars who attacked Saragarhi on September 12, 1897. Their job was to do and die like the “ charge of the light brigade" poem .
  
Theirs not to make reply,
Theirs not to reason why,
Theirs but to do and die:
Cannon to right of them,
Cannon to left of them,
Cannon in front of them
 Volley'd and thunder'd;
Storm'd at with shot and shell,
Boldly they rode and well,
Into the jaws of Death,
Into the mouth of Hell
 Rode the six hundred.

-- Lord Alfred Tennyson



Rothschild would ensure that the liquor  flowed  free before a Sikh regiment assault..  Then they would be taken to the make shift Gurudwara  to get spiritual strength. 



It was constantly drilled into their simple heads how the British Parliament interrupted its proceedings and gave standing ovation to the brave Sikh soldiers of Saragarhi.  




How each Sikh hero was awarded an Indian Order of Merit (IOM), the highest award given to an Indian soldier in British Indian Army for valour and sacrifice. ( 21 IOMs were awarded ).  



Every September 12 is celebrated as "Saragarhi Day" by all the battalions of the elite Sikh Regiment.  Rothschild caused UNESCO to  recognises this battle as one among eight battles of the world known for collective bravery. 



Rothschild had created a similar hype for the Gorkhas , that once they unsheathed their Khukri,  blood has to be coated on the sharp steel. If NOT then the Gurkha has to smear the blade with his own blood. These were all Rothschild's requirement.

To find out how Rothschild planted Gandhi  on the driver’s  seat of the bus of Indian freedom fighting, till Israel was carved out –

Punch into Google search-
MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

and

DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL

Gandhi’s ahimsa was only against the rulers British.   When it came to Germans he had temporary amnesia about non-violence .


The war cry of the Sikh regiment was chosen by Rothschild the  from Sikh scriptures : Jo Bole So Nihal, Sat Sri Akal' (Victory belongs to those; Who recite the name of God with a true heart).

Lord Dalhousie who annexed Punjab, and had told Rothschild about the extinction of Sikhism, with Muslim invaders no more around. The British made sure the Sikh identity was kept intact and boosted every day.  They made it very strict rule for every soldier of the Sikh regiment to observe the 5 Ks and baptisms by Amrit chakhna compulsory. 

Every time the holy book Granth Sabib was taken past the British soldiers were under strict orders to jump to attention and salute. Non compliance or disrespect to the holy book meant instant dismissal for the white soldier. 



Above : 132 year old picture of Golden Temple.

The very recruitment was a great sentimental melodrama calculated to give the gullible Sikh a ego massage , sense of separateness and exclusiveness—literally 3 in 1.  Only such Sikhs were recruited who observed the marks of the Khalsa.  

They were sent to receive baptism according to the rites prescribed by Guru Govind Singh.  Each regiment had its own granthis.  The greetings ex-changed between the British officers and the Sikh soldiers were Wahguruji ka Khalsa ! Wahguruji ki Fateh.

A secret C I.D. Memorandum for “divide and rule” , prepared by D. Patfie, Assistant Director, Criminal Intellegence, Government of India (1911), says that "every endeavour has been made to preserve the Sikh soldier  from the contagion of Hindus.  The Sikhs must  regard themselves as a totally distinct and separate nation." 

Much later the British would congratulate themselves  "preservation of Sikhism as a separate religion was largely due to the obedient ego massage action of the British officers," 

They would smirk how they deleted Hindu Banda Singh Bahadur from Sikh history using their own white historians , one of whom even became a Sikh for show.

The whole venture of the Rothschild in India stood at jeopardy without the Sikh regiments who were willing to fight to the last breath , for their white masters.  How India wishes that the common Sikh knew how Rothschild took apart the might empire of Ranjit Singh in just a few years by sheer deceit and also killed their favourite hero..



After the Vellore mutiny in 10 July 1806, Rothschild stopped trusting his favourite soldiers from the South of India.  The backbone of the British Indian Army, which were previously recruited from South Indian regions. Sikhs came as a welcome substitute . 



The Sikh Regiment came into existence on August 1, 1846, with the raising of Regiment of Ferozepore Sikhs and Regiment of Ludhiana Sikhs by Captain G. Tebbs and Lieutenant Colonel P. Gordon respectively , and were used in great effect in crushing the 1857 Indian War of Independence where Hindu and Muslim fought shoulder to shoulder, for the British has robbed mother India blind.

Just before the first war of Independence  in 1857 the British started doing rigorous propaganda of a FAKE  prophesy among the followers of Guru Tegh Bahadur that they would attack Delhi with the help of white man and completely avenge the old insult.  


Above : 1857 War of Independence-  Sikhs assisting their white masters to hang their own countrymen -- their Hindu and Muslim brothers 

In order to dazzle the Sikhs about the prophesy , Brevet Major William Stephen Raikes Hodson  “deliberately” murdered the two sons and a grandson (Mirza Abu Bakr) of Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah.

 Below: Slave minded Sikhs praising the messiah Hodson




This was after having promised them safe conduct. He then presented the heads of the two princes Mirza Mughal and Mirza Khizr Sultan, to their father Bahadur Shah on a golden platter.


Hodson took the Mughal princes on a bullock-cart to Delhi.  At the Khooni Darwaza Hodson ordered the three princes to get off the cart and to strip off their top garments. He stripping them of their signet rings, turquoise arm-bands and bejewelled swords and shot them dead . 

Thereafter he ordered their bodies to be taken to Delhi and displayed in public at the same place where the head of Guru Tegh Bahadur had been exposed over a century and a half before.  

Below : Khooni Darwaza 




After three days, Hudson ordered the corpses to be removed for “sanitary reasons”.  

The prophesy had been fulfilled - that is all the gullible Sikhs cared for.

The Rotshchild propaganda Topeewala Sikhs ( hat wearing Sikhs, that is, the white skinned Christian Britisher ) would come from the sea and avenge Guru Tegh Bahadur.


Ninth Guru Tegh Bahadur Sahib Ji  was executed on 11 November 1675 by Guru Tegh Bahadur was executed on the orders of Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb in Delhi.  He was kept in an iron cage and taken to Delhi in November 1675. 



Above: Guru Tegh Bahadur being beheaded on orders of Emperor Aurangazeb.

He was asked by Aurangazeb to perform some miracles to prove his divinity.  Refusing to do so, Tegh Bahadur was beheaded in public at Chandni Chowk.   After the execution Guru's head and body were placed on the back of an elephant and paraded into the streets and bazars of Delhi. They were kept at the Kotwali in Chandni Chauk for public to view. 


On the evening of 12 March 1858, Hodsons's body was buried in the garden of La Martiniere Lucknow. His grave is still located within the grounds of La Martiniere College. The memorial bears theterse  inscription "Here lies all that could die of William Stephen Raikes Hodson".





Her Majesty Queen Victoria honoured Major Hodson posthumously by granting his widow a Grace and favour apartment at Hampton Court Palace "in consideration of the distinguished service of your late husband in India".  

Below :  Picture shoot- messiah avenger -- the white Sikh Hodson .



I guess she was very pleased with him for snatching away the two priceless sword of Emperor Bahadur Shah  and presenting it to her collection --one with the name ‘Nadir Shah’ and the other with the seal of Jahangir engraved upon it, which Hodson intended to present to Queen Victoria.

Below : The last Mughal Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar 



In 1914 Bagha Jatin nearly drove away the British.  The well planned Ghadar movement was crushed with active Sikh help.  

The Sikh leaders wrote “ the rebels who should be dealt with mercilessly”. If this movement has succeeded Bagha Jatin would have been the Father of the Nation.

Kirpal Singh was a spy and soldier of the British Indian Army who gave away the secret of the date  of the Ghadar uprisal in Feb 1915. Kirpal Singh, flushed out information from his cousin serving in the 23rd Cavalry, was able to infiltrate the leadership.  

As the date for the mutiny approached, a desperate Rash Behari Bose brought forward the D-day to the evening of 19 February, which was discovered by Kirpal Singh on the very day.  

No attempts were made by the Ghadarites to restrain him, and he rushed to inform his British masters of the change of revolt plans.  Ordered back to his station to signal when the revolutionaries had assembled, Kirpal Singh was caught and detained by the would-be mutineers, but managed to make good his escape under the cover of answering the call of nature.  Because of one desh drohi Sikh the whole plan went PHUT.

Punch into Google search-
BAGHA JATIN, THE FATHER OF OUR NATION, NOT TO BE VADAKAYIL

and

UNSUNG HEROES OF INA VADAKAYIL



Above: Tomb of Ranjit Singh in Lahore-- 132 year old photo 

The British created a famine in 1769, STARVING TO DEATH more than 10 million Bengalis and Biharis .  This was severe retribution for NOT allowing Rothschild’s Opium to be planted instead of the regular food and cash crops.  Seeds were confiscated.  Warren Hastings was found guilty in 1770 and was censured verbally,  to proclaim British Justice to the world..  

The Sikhs knew very well how evil their British masters  were.

Punch into Google search—
AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITE WASHING HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL


There are some gruesome pictures in the post above —don’t miss it.



Just like how the British injected our Vedas with poison, using Sanskrit scholars, they did the same to the Sikh manuscripts too.  

They put words into the Gurus mouth— words which have never been uttered by them.  Passages like a day will come when the Sikhs will fight for the white man.

Words like Guru Gobind saying that after my death the holy book will be the next guru.  This was to cut down the chance of Banda Singh Bahadur,  a Hindu from claiming the 11th guru status.   

Both Sikhs and Hindus loved him for his grit and balls, for he made the Muslim invaders shiver . The Mughals always said that there were 11 Sikh Gurus .  This man did NOT betray the trust reposed in him by Guru Gobind Singh.   His mere presence was magic and some stated saying that he is a magician NOT a tantric.

Even the death of Guru Gobind Singh at Nanded is hotly contested by certain sects ,  the most prominent being the Namdharis.  They say that nobody saw him entering the cremation pyre.  His bones were NOT visible after the fire cooled.  His horse and weapons were missing.  There were people who saw Guru Gobind Singh riding away and one of them even spoke to him. 



Above: Nobody saw Guru Gobind Singh die--he arranged for a purdah around the pyre .


Like how Prophet Muhammad disappeared from dome of the rock Jerusalem with his horse, leaving behind a holy book .  



Same way Rothschild made Guru Gobind Singh disappear with along his horse,  leaving behind a holy book .



Now let me talk about the tantric Hindu -- Banda Singh Bahadur alias Lachman Dev or Madho Das.

Emperor Aurangazeb was pissed off with the  Guru Har Rai and Sikhs in general .  Dara Shikoh the eldest son of Emperor Shah Jehan was a very capable crown prince. His younger brother Aurangazeb poisoned him using tiger’s whiskers.

Shah Jehan knew that Guru Har Rai was a herbal doctor, and he begged him to save his favorite son. Guru Har Rai administered a laxative and saved Dara Shikoh.  So the Sikhs was on a good wicket with Emperor Shah Jehan

Then Aurangezeb killed Dara Shikoh and presented his elder brother’s head on a golden platter to his father Shaj Jehan whom he put under arrest.  Emperor Aurangezeb was dead against the Sikhs.

The two elder sons of Guru Gobind Singh, Ajit Singh and Jujhar Singh, died in the battle with the Mughals.  Guru Gobind’s  mother Mata Gujri and the his two younger sons were captured by Wazir Khan, the governor of Sirhind appointed by Aurangazeb. 

The boys were walled alive for refusing to convert to Islam.. His mother Gujri jumped from a height and killed herself..  Guru Gobind’s two wives Sundari & Sahab Devi were jailed  by the Mughals.

Aurangzeb's son Bahadur Shah I (Muazzam ) killed his brothers Muhammad Azam and Muhammad Kam Bhaksh to capture the throne.  On request Guru Gobind Singh sent his army under the command of Bhai Dharam Singh, to help Muazzam.    Muazzam's forces defeated  his brother Azam’s forces in the Battle of Jajau on 12 June 1707. Both Muhammad Aẓam and his son Bidar Bakht were killed in the battle.

So Guru Gobind Singh was on a very good wicket with Emperor Bahadur Shah or Muazzam who conferred the title of Hind Ka Pir (the Saint of India).  Guru Gobind singh was the Emperor royal guest in Agra for 4 months ,till November 1707.  Then they rode together to kill the emperors brother  Kam Bakhsh.

But soon Guru Gobind Singh fell out with his good friend Emperor  Bahadur Shah as he was friendly with Wazir Khan of Sirhind who killed his sons, and refused to punish him as a return for his favours .   He felt the threat to his life and moved far away to Nanded to meet an old friend Madho Das the Hindu tantric.

Now let me digress a bit—
I recall a ship’s party and the Electrical officer a sardarjee cracked a joke which still makes me have a belly laugh. He told us that the incident is true and it happened in his hometown , but I am sure it is tongue in cheek, about a greater “true”  incident.

A traveller sardarjee from a far away village came to his town. He asked for directions and some youngsters decided to make an ass out of him. They would direct him on the wrong path. Then they would take a short cut and the same boys misdirected him twice more. 

On the way this simple rustic traveller saw the town plumber using a big pipe wrench and turning a huge water valve without a hand wheel to release water . Immediately he pounced on him and started raining blows on his head crying” Saala, rasta ghuma rahe ho , subah se main pareshan hum “ ( you are turning my path, when I am in distress since morning ) .

This alludes to a legend where Guru Nanak went to Mecca with Baba Mardana Jee. He was tired at the outskirts of Mecca and was resting when a Muslim mullah came and shouted at him for sleeping with his legs towards holy Mecca.  

So as per the legend , Guru Nanak told him to turn his legs away from Mecca.  Whenever the Mullah shifted his legs Mecca also shifted along with his legs in all four directions .  



The truth is that a tired Guru Nanak just told him to turn his legs in any direction which pleased him, so that he could get past this silly argument and go back to sleep.


If I were in Guru Nanak's situation , I would tell the Muslim Mullah “ Point my legs towards a place where there is NO Allah.  Why are you worried so much about stone and brick Mecca my dear friend.  

The British has used their “white sikh” and historian Max Arthur Macauliffe to support any type of miracle attributed to the Sikh gurus like flying in air, turning Mecca on a vertical axis etc. 

The level leaded Sikh must resist falling prey to such ridiculous stories. All this happened a couple of centuries ago, when people’s DNA on the planet has been reduced to 2 strand and 97% junk.

I would like to quote 72 miracles ( sic !) attributed to the eldest son Baba Ram Rai , of sikh Guru Har Rai . Har Rai sent his son to Aurangazeb’s court in lieu of himself . Despite performing all these miracles the poor boy was still bypassed by his father and NOT made his successor.

QUOTE  ( I leave this ridiculous piece unedited and un-corrected )

1. First day Aurangzeb send his Murshad Peer and Shahi Qazi to test Baba Ram Rai. He send a Mutton with them. Ram rai gave the fourth part of Mutton to both. Next day, In morning Aurangzeb again sent mutton and said that "Prince was willing to eat the same mutton. Keep this mutton and give that one". Ram rai understands the situation and send the all three parts of mutton to aurangzeb's court. People amazed . Badshah asked "where is fourth part". He got the reply from Bhai Tara that The fourth part had taken away by Peer and Qazi saab, yesterday. Peer and Qazi ashamed a lot as they have eaten the fourth part. So Aurangzeb got that its impossible to break the values of Guru Nanak house.

2. Aurangzeb called Ram Rai for meeting. He made a thin floor on a well so that when baba Ram Rai sat on it he would fall in, but when baba Ram Rai sat on that floor nothing happened to him. He sat there till conversation ended.

3. Qazis, Ram Rai was given poisoned clothes to wear but nothing happened to him.

4. Ram Rai described the birthmarks and features of the body of Aurangzeb's lovely queen, when he asked. Nothing is said of whether this matched. As it is recorded as a miracle someone must have thought so, presumably only Aurangzeb would know.

5. On demand of Aurangzeb, Ram Rai showed him a Padmani (A Kind of Jewel).

6. Ram Rai, after demand of Aurangzeb, showed 2 moons in a night, one from east and other from west.

7. Ram Rai also told the Badshah of the fraud done by the relatives of Badshahi Qazi who had felt bad about eating a forth of a mutton and covered this fact up.

8. The Badshah asked Ram Rai what a specific pregnant mare will give birth to. Baba Ram Rai replied she will give birth to a horse and this happened. Even though mares always have horses they considered this a miracle.

9. The Moghul Wazir Azad Khan had many daughters, he wanted a son to carry his name and hunt with. ect, Ram Rai told him his next child would be a son, it was! We do not know if this was during Ram Rai's stay or later, the same or another of his wifes.

10. Aurangzeb send a palki (palanquin) without Kaharan (palki carriers) and asked Ram Rai to come to court by using it. Ram Rai rode the Palki into Aurangzeb's Darbar as if on a flying carpet. All were understandably stunned.

11. Ram Rai described all of Aurangzeb's treasure, including each and every coin and the date it was stamped. When the value of all the coins was checked--the sum was the same as Ram Rai's calculation. Must have been in the crores!

12. One day as Aurangzeb was about to go out on a hunt he asked Ram Rai what animal/s he might bag that day, Ram Rai repilied, "A lion and he will first kill, one or two, of your soldiers." And it happened in exactly that way--a fierce lion, attacked and killed one or two of the beaters (who would drive the beasts toward the Emperor, high on his elephant), Aurangzeb killed the beast and he was so pleased that Ram Rai's prediction came true that he quit hunting refusing to shoot any other animal, which would have course ruined the prediction.

13. Aurangzeb asked about the previous birth of his baaz (Eagle). Ram Rai replied he was the wazeer of Shah Jahan and bring flesh for him and one day he got killed and the desire of serving flesh remains, so now he became an Eagle and brings flesh for you.

14. Aurangzeb asked about his previous birth, Ram Rai replied you were a panther in your last birth and you troubled and killed people. You were killed near a saint's aashram so now you became a King due to the saint's darshan but you still cause trouble and kill people.

15. Aurangzeb asked for fruit of Bahaishat (Type of fruit). Ram Rai with long hand brings that fruit and when Aurangzeb tried to eat fruit disappeared from his hand.

16. King and many rich people were given patkas and when the patkas were rubbed on their beards it became Royal Black (whether the beard or the Patkas is not noted) and remained black for many days.

17. One day while walking on the bank of the Yamuna Aurangzeb commanded Ram Rai thus, "cross without a boat, lets go for hunting fast". Ram Rai waded into the water the river was only as deep as their ankles and both crossed. The hunt is not mentioned.

18. One day Ram Rai cused hailstones to fall, on request of Aurangzeb, all the hailstones fell in a pond and fields and the army was not pelted.

19. Aurangzeb said " In the hindus granths, Ram Ravan and kaurav Pandav fight, Stones from sky, agni, Raining, bringing mani babar bahan sher from pataal. Many false matters are there. Baba Ram Rai created a rain of fire and stones that fell in the Yamuna river.

20. Baba ji went tunneled into the earth unseen and brought back a mani (jewel) and used it to light up the night (such was its brilliance). Unlike the Koh-i-noor the majical jewel did not need the sun's light to reflect. Apparently the stone was not among the Moghul treasures captured by Nadir Shah from the Mughal Padishah. It has never been found, maybe still in someone's private treasure.

21. Send a Jeopardial Elephant for Ram Rai to come by sitting on it and that elephant shows goat's nature.

22. In court, a Badshahi Maulavi said ill about Guru Nanak. Ram Rai in anger said that you will become dumb with holes in your tounge. His words became true. From that day no one has said anything wrong about Guru Nanak.

23. One day in the month of Katak a group of Tidd (Locust/Cricket/Termite) comes out of nowhere. Frightened the people are sure their feilds will be covered by the swarm and their crops will eaten up by the insects. Hearing of this Aurangzeb requested Ram Rai to change direction of the tidds towards the Himalyas and the fields of Jammu & Jashmir and Ladakh. If this happened is not here recorded.

24. One day Narunga's son came down with a severe fever. Even the royal hakeems failed to stem the child's ragging fever, then Ram Rai bound a 'Satnam thread' around the boy's neck and the fever went away

25. One morning he made the stars in the sky shine in the light of the day to the Moghul Court. All were stunned. (This actually happens when you stand in the center of the eye of a hurricane or typoon during the daytime, quite remarkable--the winds reverse and the monsoon starts again.)

26. Aurangzeb called champ players of chonpadh. Ram Rai played 12 bazi and win 12 thousand gold coins.

27. When disease (Chicken Pox) spread in city thousands of people began to die and Ram Rai give thread of satnam and all who wore were cured.

28. One day while hunting, Aurangzeb demanded shade as he was bothered by the heat of the of suns light; Ram Rai caused clouds to spread in the sky.

29. When Begam's reproductive system (Aula Band Ho Jana) failed, Ram Rai sent her satnam water to drink. Bahadur shah was born later, it is said thats why he never turned against the guru's house in his entire life.

30. During Wrestling, son of Sher Afghan Sher Auzbeig was a Champ and was awarded as Rustmey Hind, gurus server Sehzae Baerarh who was weak like a sparrow in front of auzbeig lion, defeated him.

31. Alaudin Umra who was known for bragging about his bravery was bested by a jatt, whom Ram Rai sent to fight with him. The Jatt snatched his sword and dhall (shield) and put Alaudin Umra to his knees. Is this a miracle or is this Jatt a farmer who knew nothing about swords?

32. A khoja(Khwajah) was playing daughter of Aurangzeb in his kuchad. Ram rai watched and asked whose son he is? When Khoja directed his finger towards king with in that time daughter turned in to a male. Everybody was Stunned.

33. When Aurangzeb asked the Baba to tell what he (Aurangzeb) did last night, Ram Rai told all and also told that in his dreams Aurangzeb was killing fish. Aurangzeb confirmed his accuracy. Everybody was Stunned.

34. One day Aurangzeb and Ram Rai were in a boat in the Yamuna suddenly the boat started to sink, Aurangzeb requested Ram Rai to save his life. Ram Rai majically caused the water to splash out of the boat and in the mean time the boat grounded itself on the bank of the river. The two must have been out fishing alone for no mention of anyones alarm at seeing their Badishah sink is mentioned in the telling of this miracle.

35. One day while sitting in Aurangzeb's court, Ram Rai became invisible and watching all but nobody could see him. Since no one was aware of this the miracle must have been recorded by Ram Rai.

36. Peer Gauss Muhommad who had been once in deep meditation came came before Aurangzeb one day and said that he controlled death and said, "I will die in thirty months. Ram Rai looked at the Peer and told him he (Gauss Muhommad) would die day after tomorrow and--he did! Word of this news spread over the whole city.

37. One day Aurangzeb asked that How Baba Nanak with his freinds had travelled so far. Ram rai asked the Emperor where he would like to go, Aurangzeb replied, he wanted a glimpse of Mecca. Ram Rai asked him to close his eyes, and both were shifted to mecca, with a change of dress. When aurangzeb opened eyes he was stunned and read namaz. Then he went over to the Kabbah and, here he closed his eyes again and opened them again back in delhi. He told the Hazis about mecca and they confirmed his descriptions. It isn't related whether the Hazis saw the 2 men dissapear or if it was only a dream the Guru's son had caused the Emperor to envision.

38. One day Aurangzeb and Ram Rai visited all forts invisible.

39. Put Lokanjan in badshah eyes. He take all jeweleries from Queens rooms and viewed all the activities of palace workers. Nobuddy can see him.

40. One day Ram Rai and Aurangzeb were wandering and a lady were weaping loudly. After asking she told that her son died and send to buried. Ram Rai said he is not dead he is alive. When son was going to bury, he opened his eyes and came home safely.

41. One Cow was died his calf due to hunger shouting, so taras aaya and gau alive.

42. Qazis said in court that Guru nanak ask "Ketey Ind chand soor". Shown sun before them and they all were hairaan.

43. Aurangzeb lost his 2 precious Jewel(Moti). They caught many people for this theft. Baba Ram Rai told its in the trunk(sandookhri) of younger queen and aurangzeb found it in.

44. One day the dinner done by aurangzeb in night tolda ll by baba ram rai that what he had eaten last night.

45. One day Aurangzeb demanded for Black Grapes of Kabul and fresh mewas. Baba jee open his box(Baksaa) and the demanded things were in between.

46. A peepal tree on the door of the fort under which many people sit and get shayyaa, one day peepal tree become dry and baba ram rai just put small amount of water(sheetae) and peepal again becomes green.

47. One day aurangzeb demanded to see a swan(Hans). Ram rai jee on friday near mosque on bank of a pond throw two jewels(Motee) and two swans came flying take away both jewels

48. One Angrej saudagar sold the pair of Gajj pearl(Jewel, Motee) of rs 2 and half laakh. second day ram rai said that pearls are fake, when they find out ram rai was true and saudagar have to give orignal pearl

49. One day guys were talking about Yoga vidyaa. Baba Ram Rai dunno know about it then also he fall deep in meditation for 11 days.

50. One day aurangzeb on his horse went deep in river actually orse went mad. Aurangzeb shouted keep me baba jee(Save me - Rakh Lao), baba jee ** and horse jumped out.

51. ram rai jee nu badshah dae paas chonki soojni wali miliyaa kardee see. ik din kazian nae soojni heth sri guru granth sahib jee dae patrae rakh dittae. ram rai jee nae matha tek kae patrey chuk litey tae soojni utey aa baithey.

52. One day Qazian nae aurangzeb nu sikha kae chonki chuka ditti. Khali soojni farash uttey rehan ditti. Eh gai tan soojni aapae chonki ton vee utey ho gai. Ram rai g us utey aa baithey. Lok were haqas baqas.
53. One day on demand of aurangjeb, ram rai jee brings Hippoptaumas

54. One day back bitters i.e qazi told aurangzeb that the pearl neclace which you gave to ram rai, he forwarded it to a fakeer and dhikkara your gift. When ram rai jee was called pearl necklace was in his neck.

55. Aurangzeb said that Krishan who lift up govardhan mountain is a lie, ram rai jee went outside and lift the shahi mousque on his little finger.

56. Aurangzeb got a news that one kehar(animal) come across Ganga. when aurangzeb went to hunt it, he found Baba Ram Rai sitting on it. King went back.

57. Qazi said that revolving Mecca by Guru Nanak is a myth. Ram Rai took little water and start spraying round and round and all were stunned as Kingish(Shahi) mosque was also moving around the spray.

58. Aurangzeb said to put baba ram rai in prison, when aurangzeb came out of palace he found baba on his horse, then he went to prison back he was sitting over there. he send two mans to the place where baba resides he was also there.

59. One day ram rai was called to eat food, when ram rai came, and sat and the delecious cuisines came forward , chawal keerae tae botiyan daddan ho kae tar paye.

60. Aurangzeb's daughter zublnasa nu vehaal ho gaya, ram rai spray holy water and she was cured then.

61. one day a lion arrives during hunting watching baba ram rai lion comes and fall in baba's feet aurangzeb asks what is this who is this. he told that he was guru's sikh but end time his mind was in meat and he became a lion because of his desires but he likes guru's house very much.

62. Aurangzeb's daughter roshanara was a baanjh but fali fuli with kirpaa of ram rai baba.

63. One day auranage kept the surahi of wine in guru's langar when in morning aurangzeb asks what's in surahi, ram rai said it's milk and when he pour it was milk

64. One day Baba Ram Rai came to the fort, there was a lock of 1.25 Man(Weihing unit) on the entrance gate. He picked a stick and hit on the lock. The Lock broke and fall down.

65. One day in month of maghar he went to aurang's garden. aurang demanded for Mangoes. In non season he start plucking mangoe like father did with bhai kuram

66. Aurangzeb head was bald with no here baba just put holy water and hair grew up again.

67. Aurangzeb demanded rain as its needy at that season and it becoming dry he falls in feet of ram rai and 8 days heavy rainfall occurs again he fall and rainfall stops.

68. Aurangzeb put snake in a utensil and send to ram rai and when baba ram rai open changes to jeweleries of queens.

69. Qazi demanded for those jewelaries he given back to qazi, when qazi open utensil at home he find snake and that snake killed qazi n qazi's son.

70. One day King Aurangzeb was eating flesh of grilled sparrows and said that noone can make them alive. Baba Ram Rai said, Maare maar jewaley soiee(He is one, on whose command one gets killed and get alive) and Baba ram Rai ji sprinkled holy water on those dead sparrows due to which a miracle happened those sparrows again come back to live and flew away. Aurangzeb Shocked.

71. One day aurangzeb while hunting due to sunshine resides under the shadow of kaidoon tree(A bitter fruit). Aurangzeb said Guru nanak made bitter fruits of soapnut(Reethey) sweet is a lie. Ram Rai just shake tree and khaidoon changes to black grapes of Kabul. This stunned everybuddy(soldeirs and other rich peoples) and every buddy filled the baskets of that grapes for there home.

72. One day Wazirwas saying about famous Indian cuisines i.e Pedey(Peda is a north Indian sweet, shaped like a thick cookie.) of Mathura, Jhinjhwadey of Sunam, Rebrhi of Rohtak, Kachori of Patna, Kadah of Amritsar, Ganeri of Saharanpur, Mangoes of Malwa, Paan of Nagpur are all delecious things to eat and famous one. Baba Ram Rai just took of the chadar(A cloth used as a head covering and veil and shawl by Muslim and Hindu women) aside him and all the cuisines were under it.

UNQUOTE. ( Oh Boy!! )


The Qazis of Aurangazeb asked Ram Rai," Ram Rai, your Guru Nanak has written against the Muslim religion.  In one place he has said,
'Mitti Musalman ki peirei paee kumiar;
Ghar bhandei itan kia, jaldi karei pukar.'
(Asa Mohalla 1, p-466)

'The ashes of the Mohammadan fall into the potter's clod; Vessels and bricks are fashioned from them;
they cry out as they burn.'

What is the meaning of this?"

Ram Rai tried to be tactful , not wanting to lose his head .  Ram Rai replied," Your Majesty, Guru Nanak wrote, 'Mitti beiman ki', that is the ashes of the faithless, not of the Musalmans, fall into the potter's clod. The text has been corrupted by ignorant persons and Your Majesty's religion and mine defamed. The faces of the faithless and not of the Musalmans, shall be blackened in both worlds."

All the Mullahs and  priests were pleased with this reply.  The Emperor then conferred a mark of favor on Ram Rai and dissolved the assembly.

The Sikhs of Delhi immediately sent an envoy Guru Har Rai asking for an explanation how a  mortal could change the words of Guru Nanak . ( Guru Nanak was not a bigot against Islam or Musalmans ) 

The Guru decided that his son Ram Rai was not fit for Guruship.  He spake," The Guruship is like a tigress's milk which can only be contained in a golden cup. Only he who is ready to devote his life thereto is worthy of it."

The Guru feeling his end approaching thought of his successor and called for a meeting of his Sikhs. He seated his younger son, Har Kishen who was only five years old, on Guru Nanak's throne—ignoring his eldest son Ram Rai.  

The whole assembly then rose and did obeisance to the young Guru. Guru Har Rai enjoined all his Sikhs to consider Har Kishen as his image, to put faith in him, and they would obtain salvation. 

The 8th Guru Har Krishan died of smallpox at the age of 7.

When asked to name his successor, the delirious 8th boy Guru boy  cried out ‘Baba Bakala’. He did NOT name his elder brother.  Bakala was the ancestral village of Guru Hargobind .  Immediately 22  pretenders  from Bakala called themselves as the ninth Sikh guru.

So this was deemed to be Tegh Bahadur the youngest of the five sons of Guru Hargobind, the sixth Sikh guru, and his wife Nanaki, by Makhan Shah Lubana a wealthy shipowner .


Sikhs tell even on the internet that when they took amrit they were categorically told not to communicate with Ram Rais in any way , willingly.

Now let be talk about Banda Singh Bahadur --one of India's true heroes --UNSUNG and sunk by both Muslims and Sikhs.



What I write here will NOT tally with India hating and desh drohi Khalistani version of history , who have opened thousands of Sikhism internet sites to poison young desh bhakt Sikh minds. They have totally muddled up true Sikh history.   

It will also NOT tally with “Sikh pride” slanted historians  which tried to convey that they are the only brave and honourable lions, while Rajputs, Jats etc  fighting the Mughals were chicken hearted cowards without honour , wearing bangles and petticoats . 

Some Khalistanis even write that Rajputs were on the side of the Mughals – an lie most foul.  On the other hand naive Sikhs under Mata Sundri ( second wife of Guru Gobind Sigh ) were on the side of the Muslims for a brief while ,when power politics shook Sikhism. This part of true history you will NOT get elsewhere. History must be written in a correct manner.

These self-praising frogs in the well , have NOT yet heard of other brave soldiers in the rest of India.  Banda Bahadur was NOT a Sikh. He  was a Hindu who led the Sikhs— out of  respect for his friend Guru Gobind Singh who was in despair.  .

Khalistani historians say that Aurangzaeb died because he got a shock after reading a letter from Guru Gobind Singh.  Come on folks — the  man was 89 , there is something called old age.

The Guru himself had to go into hiding and wander from place to place till he reached Nanded town in far-off Maharashtra where he is “said” to have died .  I will investigate this loose end of the story later . 

Guru Govind Singh had commissioned a Dogra Rajput , Lakshaman Dev  Bairagi, a Hindu from Jammu to avenge the defeat of hus sons and mother..  Guru Gonind Singh has a sense of destiny, and you must appreciate him for trusting a mere tantric.

All he knew was that once upon a time in the past this tantric was the best archer and spear thrower  in that area  , with terrific physique —  who renounced worldy life after a gruesome incident involving a pregnant deer.. .


One day when Lachman Dev  shot an arrow on a fleeing deer from a distance , he did NOT know that the deer was pregnant.  In the throes of pain the deer delivered a baby , and the baby doe died in front of him.  There were witnesses to this incident.  Nobody saw Lachman Dev the next morning –he just disappeared .

In 1696,Guru Gobind Singh had met him at Kankhal, near Hardwar, where both the great souls formed a mutual admiration society..

Banda Bahadur more than fulfiled his mission.  He was joined by fresh formations of the Khalsa and the Hindus at large gave him succour and support.  It is not correct to say this glory is only due to Hindus converted to Sikhism, as his army had both Hindus and Sikhs . 

Banda Bahadur was NOT baptized into Sikhism after taking Amrit and the five Ks— the reason why Guru Gobind’s second wife accused him and cut his strength by splitting his "till then " loyal army into two . 

Guru Govind Singh was on the run with Muslim soldiers of Auranagezeb from Sirhind in hot pursuit.
A Hindu Sadhu Narayana Das advised him to take refuge with a tantric by the name of Madho Das at far away Nanded in Maharashtra .  It dawned on Guru Gobind Singh that this man was none other than the Hindu Lachman Dev, whom he had met before . 

The moment Guru Gobin Singh saw the huge physique of Madho Das he knew this man was his old friend Lachman Dev.  

According to Ahmad Shah Batalia’s Zikr-i-Guruan wa Ibtida-i-Singhan wa Mazahib-i-Eshan, the following dialogue took place between Madho Das and Guru Gobind Singh:

Madho Das: Who are you?
Guru Gobind Singh: You know.
Madho Das: What do I know?
Guru Gobind Singh: Think it over.
Madho Das (after a pause): Guru Gobind Singh! Yes!
Guru Gobind Singh: Yes.
Madho Das: What brings you here?
Guru Gobind Singh: To make you my disciple.
Madho Das: I am your Banda (slave).

Other accounts state - Banda Bairagi told ," I am a mere Sanyasi…..i have renounced the world”

Guru Gobind Singh with a sense for destiny told him," Sanyasi does not mean…he can be neutral in the hour of need for the society.  Only you are worthy to be the commander of the Khalsa and save Punjab from Muslim invaders and take revenge for my children ( Fateh Singh and Jorawar Singh bricked alive aged 9 yrs and 7 yrs )  ….. this is your sure path to Moksha.”

Guru Gobind Singh gave him 50 arrows and a bow and directed him towards Sirhind ( where his two sons were bricked up ) with his blessings . 



It is a lie Lachman Dev alias Madho Das was baptized and converted into a Sikh Banda Singh Bahadur.  Banda means  servant .  Bahadur means brave.  

Banda Bahadur Singh  roamed all over the Punjab, defeating one Muslim army after another in full headlong frontal fights rather than cowardly hit and run tactics guerilla like terrorists.

Sirhind, where Guru Govind Singh's younger sons had been walled up, was stormed and sacked.  The bouncers  of Islam who had walked with immense swagger running with their tails between their legs.

Large tracts of the Punjab were liberated from Muslim depotism after a spell of nearly seven centuries. More and more Hindus and Sikhs joined his army.

Banda first made a daring surprise attack on Garhi, where Ali Hasan who deceived Guru Govind Singh and  Jallaluddin (who killed Guru Teg Bahadur  ) were holed up.

Banda spared nobody and every Muslim was put to the sword for three full days , with Banda Bahadur leading from front— He had broken away from past tradition of useless and cowardly guerilla tactics , whose main purpose was to save the leadership's skin .  His bold policy was seedha ghar mein ghuske maro.

Banda personally cut  Ali Hasan into several pieces.



News of Banda’s  astonishing ferocity spread like wild fire and ordinary Hindus and Sikhs came running from Punjab, Haryana and Rajasthan to join him.  It was rumored that he possessed divine powers .  Hindus whispered in awe , they whispered that this tantric could be the very incarnation of Lord Parashurama



More and more Sikhs guerillas of Guru Gonind Singh who were hiding in deep jungles joined him their imagination aroused . Next Banda massacred Muslim invaders  in Ambala,  Sifabad, Jhambaru, Dhamal, Kaithal, Kunjpura, Sanduara , Balod etc.

At Balod Banda Bahadur was upset with the complaints of brahmins against a Muslim bully Manne Khan, whose group used to kidnap Hindu girls.. Banda Singh had him roasted in fire. These were all gruesome Muslim invader tactics of Ghori and Babur , now being given back with simple --nay-- compound interest.

Banda now became a full fledged King dividing his army led by generals both Hindu and Sikhs. He turned a blind eye when his generals looted .

The Nawab of Sirhind knew that Banda was heading towards them soon.  So they tried to pre-empt his impending attack by sending 6000 of the best horsemen to Ropad city where Banda camped with his army.

Banda did not have any firepower while the Muslim Sirhind troops had  heavy armory.  Banda himself hid on trees and killed the Muslim specialist gunners  from far range using his archery skills.  Seeing their commanders getting picked off despite being in heavy armour , the muslim troops got unnerved and fled in fear.

Soon Banda challenged Wazir Khan telling him “ I am Rajput you are Pathan—  if you have drunk the milk of your mother,  let us fight a single combat and decide “. ( typical Rajput dialogue you see in Bollywood movies now )

Wazir Khan who bricked up Guru Gobind’s sons , ignored this challenge . He tried to escape but captured and roasted in a fire supervised by Banda Singh.

At Sirhind more and more enthusiastic Hindus and Sikhs joined Banda’s army, that it was getting difficult to sustain fast riding and river crossing logistics.  Soon Banda rode to Doaba. Pamal Maler Kotl and Phagwara.  Every Muslim either ran or was put to the sword.  

He never asked any Muslim to convert back to Hindusim. At Phagwara Jaladhar , the Nawab even wanted to join his army. Banda crossed the  Beas River he reached Manjha (Amritsar) where the Hindu majority danced and celebrated.

Seeing the confident festivities  and that the Hindus and Sikhs were getting cocky, many Mughal camps gathered at Hoshiarpur and dared Banda to attack.




They clashed at Baijwada  . This was NO hit and run guerilla tactic.  The army of Banda pounced upon the Muslims ferociously with Banda leading from the front in front,  that at dusk  Muslims ran helter skelter.  The commander of the Muslim army was chased by Banda  and killed .

The entire ground tract between Yamuna  and Sutlej came under the Banda command .  He asked  Baba Vinod Singh to rule that area using the Saffron flag .  Finally Ranjit Singh united 12 such misls and founded the glorious Sikh Empire.. 

Ranjit Singh's father Maha Singh was the Commander of the Sukerchakia misl of West Punjab based around his headquarters at Gujranwala.  In 1799, Ranjit Singh captured Lahore from the Bhangi Misl and later made it his capital.  Soon he brought the whole of the central Punjab from the Sutlej to the Jhelum under his sway.  After several campaigns, he conquered the other misls and created the mighty Sikh Empire.

With a few months  Banda Singh overran with amazing ease Kahlur, Sonepat, Karnal-Panipat Hissar, Hansi, Tarawadi, Kaithal, Jind, Sirsa, Firozpur, Chuniya, Kasur, Saharanpur, Behar, Ambheta, Nanauta, Najamabad, Lohagarh, Gurdaspur, Sialkot , Pathankot , Kangda -- 

--- all the regions were now under the Saffron flag replacing the green Islamic flag.  I guess this is what happens when the leader is NOT afraid of death.



Muslim Nawabs ran with their valuables as soon as they heard Banda was coming—for Banda allowed his soldiers to loot — NOT rape..  In hindsight this could be the reason why the army swelled so fast.  

Revenge plus retrieval of stolen goodies were surely a great incentive. The Muslims called Banda tantric Jinn (ghost) whom they can never win by force.  He was invincible till date. 

Banda now headed from the plains towards the hills. The Muslim ruler of Nalagarh Nahan offered to serve Banda.  You must know Ranjit Singh has Muslim commanders in his army.

Banda now ruled from Yamuna to Ravi.

He asked the Hindu ruler of Jejo Kailore,  Ajmer Chand to unite for greater and stringer nation.  The king declined but also insulted him.  Ajmer Chand knew he had provoked Banda Singh. So he got 22 ally kings to rally at Kailore.

As soon as Banda killed Ajmer chand all the remaining kings accepted the blanket governance of Banda . Banda was also respected as a saint not just a warrior. 



Soon Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb died of old age in 1707 AD.  The fake Sikh historians even claim credit for this .

His successor  Bahadur Shah who was once a great friend of Guru Gobind Singh ( later fell apart)  was wary of Banda Bahadur.

Many bloody battles followed between Banda and the veteran generals of  Bahadur Shah-- Asgar Khan, Samand Khan, Samand Khan, Abdulla Khan & Noor Khan.  

The Mughal Emperor  left Delhi for Lahore where he died in 1712.  For two three years Mughal rule was unstable because of as usual fight for throne among Mughals for throne. Bahadur Shah’s successor Jahandar Shah was killed on the orders of the Sayyid Brothers.

Bahadur Shah's death followed a war of succession among his four sons, Jahandar Shah, Azim-us-Shah, Jahan Shah and Rafi-is-Shah.  Jalandar shah killed his 3 brothers to ascend the throne .

Banda took advantage of Mughal throne divergence. The  Jaladhar ruler Faizali Khan & Saifulla Khan accepted Banda's Governance.  Then he captured  Haridwar.

Farukhusear became ruler of Mughals throne after Bahadur Shah. He was a cunning man, and he knew that Banda is invincible by armed forces. He used the theory of divide and rule.

He wrote a letter and conveyed it by a Hindu Ram Dayal to the wife of Guru Govind Singh Mata Sundari Devi that he want peace and that Banda is blood thirsty of Mughals and also disrespecting the teachings of the holy book . 

He assured that  Punjab & Mughals will live peacefully from hencforth. Sundari accepted his proposal and wrote a letter to Banda to accept this proposal.  

Banda knew very well the aim of Guru Govind Singh was to establish Khalsa.  So, when Banda read her letter he was surprised and wrote back saying that  this is just a trick to bide for time and to strengthen the Mughal army and also to divide us.  

He asked here if she forgot that that they bluffed Guru Govind Singh and brutally murdered his sons.  He wrote back said that couldn't forget the sacrifice of Guru Teg Bahadur  and Guru Arjun Dev. 

Sikhs and Hindus had suffered so much under cruel hands of that it’s not wise to forgive the Muslim invaders.  He wrote back that he will continue following Guru Govind Singh orders .


This reply made make Sundari very upset with Banda . She called Banda arrogant and that he does  not follow the 11th Guru --meaning the holy book .  

She was upset that the coins minted by Banda has NO reference to the revered Sikh Guru lineage - instead the coin described Lohgarh ( Mukhlisgarh ) , the make shift capital of Banda : "Struck in the City of Peace, illustrating the beauty of civic life, and the ornament of the blessed throne."

If you look at the situation dispassionately Banda was under orders from Guru Gobind Singh to establish Khaksa which he took upon himself at great risk to his life .  

He was living peacefully as a retired saint at Nanded and he did NOT have to take this type of interference from a petty minded woman, and that too after he had achieved so much .   

Like how Sonia Gandhi thinks that she is Rajiv Gandhi multiplied by 100 .  This unsavory portion of history involving Guru Gobind Singh’s wife has been deleted .

Sundari living in Delhi issued a hukam-nama ( Islamic type fatwa ) declared Banda  is a Hindu and  those who will support Banda will be considered out of Sikhism.  By now Hindu Banda was being considred as the 11th Guru by Hindus, Sikhs and Muslims - and Sundari did NOT appreciate this..

On Baisakhi of 1717 A.D,  when Banda sat on the throne of the assembly,  stooges of Sundari - Baba Kahan Singh and Vinod Singh asked him to stand up shocking everybody.   There was commotion everywhere .

The whole assembly was split into two groups Bandai Khalsa ( Hindus and loyal Sikhs ) and Tat Khalsa ( only Sikhs ) in a most shocking manner . 

Banda was accused by Mata Sundari that his battles were NOT  in consonance with the high principles of Sikhism - and that he is now excommunicated . 

She quoted that when her  adopted son Ajit singh went against Sikh code she had disowned him too. Second wife  Sundari was barren and had only this adopted son. 

It dawned on Banda that everything was now held in the light of the Guru lineage and Guru Khatri blood.  Guru Gobind Singh’s second wife ( with the first wife still living ) Sundari was a Hindu , the  daughter of Hindu Khatri Bhai Ram Saran of Bivjara, near Hoshiarpur.  She  married Guru Gobind Singh at Anandpur on 4 April 1684.

She and her father was converted to Sikhism few days before marriage. The Khalistanis have tried to hide this part of history, with some even claiming that Guru Gobind Singh had only one wife  .

On April 14th during the Vaisakhi spring festival of 1699. Guru Gobind Rai took the name of Singh and created the Panj Pyare, a council of five to administer the immortalizing Amrit to Khalsa initiates.

He did this after his first wife Mata Jito Ji gave birth to her third son Fateh Singh ( February 25, 1699 A.D.)  Guru Gobind Singh married Mata Jeeto Ji  in July, 1677.  Sundri outlived Guru Gobind Singh by 40 years –the proof being hukkumnama letters in her own hand, where she used her powers as the wife of the last Guru..

Why should Khalistani historians subvert history converting two women into one ?  

For Guru Hargobind had three wives Damodri Devi ,- Nanki Devi , Maha Devi .  Guru Hari Rai had several wives  . Prem Kaur , Chand Kaur , Anokhi Devi , Ram Kaur , Laddli , Krishan Kaur and Kalyani .  ( Mata Nanaki, Mata Mahadevi, and Mata Damodari  as per British sources )

Maharaja Ranjit Singh had several  wives—some Hindu,  some Muslim..

Sundaris accusations and antics crushed the lion like spirit of Banda.  Here was a petty minded woman splitting hairs,  and ruining a movement gathering steam -- to drive away the invader Muslims from the motherland.

He was like a meteor till then, now extinguished by a jealous woman, who thought that he was trying to be the 11th Guru.

She accused him of ignoring the guidance of the Panj Piaras.  Banda Singh could have replied that 3 of the Panj Piaras dies in the the battle on the banks of Sarsa--



-- and  that Bhai Daya Singh and Bhai Dharam Singh who were the first and second to offer their heads on the call of the Guru Gobind Singh , had come to Nanded along with   Guru Gobind Singh . Both of them died in Nanded -- as they did NOT accompany Banda to Punjab.

Mata Sundri was NOT happy to know that Banda Singh introduced a new calendar dating from his capture of Sirhind and struck coins as a mark of creating a new Hindu Kingdom .  

Mata Sundri had NO power over Banda Bahadur as he was a Hindu-- but she had "self conferred " power over his Sikh soldiers. 

She accused Banda of adopting  “fateh darshan”  in place of  “Waheguru ji ki fateh‟  given by Guru Gobind Singhi.  She even accused his Sikh soldiers of having a longer kacha which extended below the knees-- i guess it takes a petty minded woman to point such things out..

Tat Khalsa Sikhs went under Mughal flag as desired by Sundari.  Now, only few loyal Sikhs were left with Banda holding the Saffron flag.

To increase his army strength Banda started recruiting untrained Vaishyas and Brahmans in his army from Hindu society.  Vaishyas  left their businesses and  Brahmans left the temples and Vedic books.  

All picked up the sword to regain Bharat Mata from the Muslim invaders.  Some desh bhakt converted Indian Muslims also joined Banda .  He tried his best to train his  army but his army was not so strong as earlier.

The combined Hindu army with few loyal Sikhs of Banda fought with Mughals at Nanokot.  It was a fight to finish crusade for both the armies.  It was very confusing when the same passionate cries emanated from both armies.  Jai Dharma, Jai Bharat, Jai Shri Ram, Jai Maa Kali, Har Har Mahadev , Allaha hu Akbar Nara e tadbir.

Banda Bahadur fought continually three days by sitting on the back of horse trying to raise the morale of his amry.  

Finally Banda won and some Sikhs left Sundari and joined Banda. He took them back graciously. What he did NOT know was that Sikh spies had now infiltrated, he knew that but could not do much so as NOT to crush the morale of his forces..

Banda now wanted to consolidate and march towards Lahore from Gurdaspur Fort.  His  army soon reached Batala.   The combined forces of Lahore and Delhi coalition forces amassed to stop Banda’s onlasught.

Banda won again.

Banda now marched towards  Gurdaspur enlisted more Hindus and Sikhs and reached Bagvanpure of Lahore city.  Aslam Khan Governor of Lahore was waiting in ambush with  12,000 Muslim and Pathan soldiers.

Banda fought bravely, leading from front . Suddenly something happened which  broke his heart.  

Deceit most foul.

A band of 6000 Sikhs of Tat Khalsa ( Sundri group ) leaded by Meer Singh Khalsa in the Harwal brigade of Mughals pounced on him flying the  Islamic green flag.  Brothers were killing brothers.

With the name of Guru Gobind Singh on his lips and his promise to him of the Khalsa ,  Banda retreated in battle for the first time since he left Nanded.

What a disgrace !!!!. 

This is the sole reason why Maharaja Ranjit Singh never trusted Sikhs alone in his army .  He had Hindus and Muslims and even white Generals with him.  He had may wives and he did NOT care too much for holy principles.

Banda then wrote letter to the Tat Khalsa head and to Sundri , that Hindus must remember that they took up arms and became Sikhs only to protect Bharatmata from the foreign Mughal rulers. He pleaded for sanity. He even quoted from the Mahabharata  .

Banda letter was read aloud in the Tat Khalsa community. Some had a change of heart and  supported him but final verdict was against him . A young Sikh shouted that  Mughals are not betraying us its Banda who is doing so.   

Anyway, Banda won this battle too and the Tat Khalsa soldiers who were once in his army were put to the sword.,

He then marched towards Kalanaur.  The Nawab Fatedeen surrendered.  Then, Sialkot was taken without any bloodshed because the Nawab ran away.  Banda then took Wajirabad and captured large tracts of Gujarat .. He then captured Pothothar (now Islamabad).

Now, the entire Imperial force was organized to defeat and kill Banda Singh. It was do or die for the Mughals .  In March 1715, Banda Singh Bahadur was in the village of Gurdas Nangal, Gurdaspur, Punjab, when the army under charge of the Governor of Lahore  Abdus Samad Khan, the Moghul king of Delhi laid siege .

Banda and his army defended the small Gurdas Nangal fort for eight months. Then food and water ( poisoned ) soon ran out.  There was NO option.

In December 7, 1715 Banda Singh Bahadur was captured and put in an iron cage.  The nemesis of Muslim invaders for so 9 years  , was now a caged animal. The 780 starving and dehydrated survivors out of the original 12000 in his army was captured, chained.



Above : Convert to Islam or die.

2,000 Sikh and Hindu heads hung on Muslim spears, and 700 cartloads of heads of slaughtered Sikhs used to terrorize the population.  

On the way to Delhi Muslims threw rotten vegetables on Banda , danced and distributed sweets. Guru Gobind made an important concession for Banda.  Banda was a vegetarian being a Hindu Bairagi saint while the Sikhs ate Jhatka meat.  

Keeping in view the susceptibilities of Bairagi followers of Banda Singh, Guru Gobind Singh ordained that henceforth only vegetarian food can be served in the Guru ka Langar would cater to the people of all faiths. Guru Gobind appointed Banda Singh on Kartik Sudi 3, BK. 1765 (October 5, 1708.).

Hindus and Sikhs wept inside their  houses.  

Emperor Farukhusear ordered his Qazi to start the sharia Islamic court. Qazi put his condition that Banda’s life can be spared if he accepted Islam.

On their firm refusal all of them were ordered to be executed.  

Every day, 100 Sikhs were brought out of the fort and murdered in public. This went on for a week.  On June 9, 1716, Banda Singh’s eyes were gouged, his limbs were severed, his skin removed, and then he was killed.  

Muslims thronged to see if his tantric powers  existed . Red hot pliers were inserted inside the body of Banda. Small chunks of his flesh was taken away in slow torture.  



Banda Singh never cried out in pain even when he was scalped ( hair with scalp shorn off leaving a bloody skull )  . 


Banda had kept his promise of Khalsa to his friend Guru Gobind Singh and was on his path to Moksha. 


Sundri had accused Banda of drifting away from  Guru’s teachings and Khalsa tradition by forming a new maryada.   She had falsely accused him of adopting “ Fateh Darshan” instead of the  traditional “Waheguru ji ka Khalsa”.

Why not?   Banda though helping Guru Gobind’s cause after coming out of sanyas of several years on request  , was NOT a baptized Sikh—and he was NOT at the mercy of this woman..

It was obvious to all that Mata Sundari ji,  was goaded by Emperor Farukhsyar,  to send a letter to Banda to stop his attacks on Mughals in lieu of some concessions and sops.  



Above:  If this woman , the second wife of Guru Gobind Singh had NOT divided Banda's army--  after the Mughals were driven away, the British would have been driven away too -- and India would have been free of all invaders 220 years before.

She did NOT have the commonsense to understand that on one hand, Moguls were promising grant and safe passage to Sikhs—while on the other hand, they were offering a fixed price for every Sikh head taken to their Muslim governors.


The Khalistanis have tried to discredit Banda Bahadur . They write false stories of how Banda ‘s wife ( he never married ) a girl from Chamba , was captured by the Mughals and she willingly became a Muslim and entered the ‘harem’ of a Muslim noble.  

I do NOT want to say here what my Pakistani officers told about the status of Mata Sundri under the patronage of the Muslim invaders  —this will cause a heart ache to the desh Bhakt Sikhs.   Let it be.  Mughals also kept records NOT just guerilla Sikhs . 

Till today nobody has seen the Hukamnama written by Mata Sundriji  addressed to Banda .  What happened to it?  I have been trying to locate this letter for several years now.  The first available Hukamnama of Mata Sundriji is dated 1717 about a year after the death of Banda Singh Bahadur. 

It must be known that many Sikhs in those days were in the pay of Moghuls and worked against the Sikhs fighting Moghul tyranny. Just like how Muslims were in the pay of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

Hukamnama is a Islamic word , meaning same as Fatwa. All Mata Sundri’s hukamnama’s started with the words- SRI MATA JI DI AGYA HAI (  the holy mother thus commands ) .  Her fatwa included one which reminds Sikhs that the Guru had  bestowed Patshahi (Rule or Sovereignty) on the Panth and not on any individual , like Banda.

The British invader tried his best to make A FAKE HINDU POPE write such fatwas . Till Independence it worked from FAKE mutt - Kanchi . 

Not any more.

Punch into Google search-


KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL



After the death of Banda differences fanned by Sundri rose so much that there was a bloody fight  inside the Amritsar Golden temple between Bandai khalsa led by Amar singh Nibber and Tat khalsa— 

-- where Amar Chand was outnumbered in combat and killed in a foul manner at  Harimandir's Parikrama.




After the martyrdom of Banda Bahadur, a Hindu Baba Amar Chand Nibber had assumed the supreme leadership of the Bandai Khalsa faction.  Just like Banda Bahadur this man was a natural leader. He was  extremely ferocious with a  athletic physique and was a majestic 6 feet 7 inches in height.  

He was so strong that he could continuously wield a 22 kilo sword from morning till evening — while a normal soldier could NOT go more than 30 minutes .

This verse describes the death of brave Baba Amar Singh ( who was converted to Sikh religion with 5Ks' by FAKE white historians ) 

tad sudhasar that darshani darwaze agey Jang |
Mach gayo masurmedh ka dhar veech keech surang ||
kar sees pag bhuj bakh sabal hath majh asaar|
chad gayee luthain pe luthain kaat marey jawaan apaar |
Jab jujh dharani pai paryo Singh Amar anekan maar ||
Bhag gaye turat Bhandai leeni fateh Singhan maar

It was his firm land base that helped Maharaja Ranjeet Singh to establish his glorious empire  in later years. 

What Sikhs so NOT know is that Banda Singh Bahadur held many times more land than Maharaja Ranjit Singh, when he was killed--

--  and more important , he had the cocky Mughal invaders both by their balls and their short curlies too.


 Above : Maharaja Ranjit Singh's empire-- basically Rothschild left him alone, by a treaty --  so that he is a buffer against Muslim invasion.

Now let me talk about white skinned historians imported to drive a wedge between Hindus and Sikhs.

A common British fear was that a warrior class Sikhism was by Hindus by donating the eldest male child ,  created solely to fight Islamic invaders was bound to turn against Christian invaders sooner than later  –  which has to be stopped at all costs.   

Muslim invaders did NOT take the wealth out of India  after the initial years .  While Christians invaders were stealing every day in broad daylight and shipping the Indian wealth and even knowledge out to England.

In the bargain if they could turn these gullible, “not so bright” rustic Sikhs against the mother religion Hindusim by “divide and rule “ ,  by giving them a holy book like Koran/ Bible it would be the best thing to happen.

One effective fake historian was Joseph Davey Cunningham , the aide-de-camp to the Governor-General, Sir Henry Hardinge.  His book made the Sikhs very happy as he blamed Hindus for the fall of Maharaja Ranjit Singh . It made the Sikhs very upset with the Hindus. He added some added criticism of his own boss to make himself appear as a great friend of Sikhs and a truthful guy .. In  Ranjit Singh’s history if Dhian Singh is Ram,  Gulab Singh is Lakshman..  Cunningham died in Ambala, Haryana state in 1851 AD of Cholera.



Another effective fake  historian was Sir John Malcolm ( picture below ). Today you can see his over life-size statue  in Westminster Abbey.  In June 1805 he was appointed chief agent of the governor-general of British Raj.  His false history writing efforts set the foundation for  Sikhs to support white invader Britain in the first war of Independence, against their own Indian brothers.
.





Lepel Henry Griffin  ( photo below ) injected poison -- that Hinduism had always been hostile to Sikhism and even socially the two had been like cobra and mongoose .  He was Rothschild chosen Governor-General's Agent in Central India and Resident in Indore, and also resident in Hyderabad. In 1880 he became Chief Secretary of the Punjab.  He served Rothschild well and his younger of his two sons, Sir Lancelot Cecil Lepel Griffin became the last political secretary of British India.




The British need to act fast.

Their  Punjab Administration Report of 1851-52 observed :
QUOTE  "The sacred tank at Amritsar is less thronged than formerly, and the attendance at the annual festival is diminishing yearly. The initiatory ceremony for adults is now rarely performed. Not only did the fresh recruitment stop, but also a new exodus has begun.  Khalsa Sikhs now join the ranks of mother religion Hinduism whence they originally came, and bring up their children as Hindus. This phenomenon is unabated " UNQUOTE

Another British  Administration Report of 1854-55 says -

QUOTE  " Now that the Sikh commonwealth is broken up, people cease to be initiated into Sikhism and re- vert to Hinduism. Our census reveals that the Lahore division which included Manjha, the original home of the Sikhs,  has only 200,000 Sikhs in a population of three million “-UNQUOTE

In 1869 AD German Jew Rothschild sent one Dr. Ernest. Trumpp, a German Crypto Jew and Indologist  to have a look at Sikh literature to find ways of injecting poison into it –  or at least remove all references to Hindu Vedas and Gods.   



His report was to be for Rothschild’s eyes only. This was serious stuff . 

They needed to hold back millions of  angry Indians using a few thousand soldiers. 

Deceit would be used at every step 

Ernest Trumpp, who was Regius Professor of Oriental Languages at the University of Munich and member of Royal Bavarian Academny of Sciences. He knew 17 languages.

Ernest Trumpp’s job was to peruse the Sikh scriptures and prove that their theology and cosmology were totally different from those of the Vedas and the Upanishads.   

Trumpp painstakingly translated the Sikh scriptures into English.  He also  translated  Puratan and Bala Janamsakhis, the lives of the later Sikh gurus, including an account of their teachings. 

Trumpp wrote that  Guru Nanak is  a "thorough Hindu," his religion "a pantheism, derived directly from Hindu sources."  Trumpp found nothing in the Sikh scriptures to support the view that Sikhism is separate from Hindusim.

Trumpp concluded that Adi Granth was not worth translating in full--"the same few ideas, he thought, being endlessly repeated".   "The Adi Granth is a very big volume, but, incoherent and shallow in the extreme, and couched at the same time in dark and perplexing language, in order to cover these defects...."

Gilchrist said that the Dasam Granth was not worth translating at all. This book  contains much of the texts attributed  Guru Gobind Singh.  

Dasam Granth is separate granth is NOT the Guru Granth Sahib.  The British called in a few “Sikh pride” zealots and showed them Ernest  Trumpp’s work  and they got very upset.

The British by then had made their own manuscript of Puratan Janamsakhis (also spelt Janam-sakhi), the earliest known biography of Guru Nanak, from London. Trump stated that only the the external marks of the Sikhs separated them from the Hindus and once these were lost,  they relapsed automatically into Hinduism.  

The studies of Rotshchild Horace Hayman Wilson, Monier Monier Williams ( Sanskrit scholar ) , and Friedrich Max Muller were also used by the British.

It must be noted that in 1813 Horace Hayman Wilson published the FAKE Sanskrit text with a  free, translation in English of the FAKE and rhymed verse of FAKE Kalidasa's the Meghaduuta, or Cloud-Messenger.

Punch into Google search-
KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST VADAKAYIL

John Oman Campbell who wrote the book “ Mystics, Ascetics and Saints of India” in the late 19th century made two visits to the Golden Temple of the Sikhs and was of the conclusion, “Sikhism as a distinct religion possesses little vitality and by a generation or two will be reunited to Hinduism from where it sprang.  The Sikhs who already bow down to the old divinities of India, would not in all likelihood object to the formal admission of their Gurus and their Book into the Hindu Pantheon.”  

German linguist Ernest Trumpp's (1821-85) translation of parts of the Sikh scripture, was published under the title The Adi Granth.   

He wrote that the Sikh scripture starts with the words "Ek Oankar." , whiich is nothing but Hindu king mantra OM and also looks the same. The syllable Om is also referred to as Omkara.



OM has been lifted by Christians as AMEN, Jews as SHALOM and Muslims as 786 ( see OM symbol in mirror ) .

Trumpps observations  where Hindusim and Sikhism merged in the scriptures was noted . Later another white historian Max Arthur Macauliffe , converted himself into a Sikh to fool the naïve Sikhs . 

Max Arthur Macauliff  deleted and amended all such unwanted passages, to sanitise Sikh scriptures of anything which remotely resembled Hindusim.
  




Max Arthur Macauliffe (1841-1913) ,the British civil servant  published “ego massage “ articles for the Sikhs in the 1870s.  


Sikhs were so happy with apna hi maal GORA SIKH that in 1893 he received Sikh institutional support to write a history of the Sikhs along with translations of sacred texts.  



The result was the six-volume Sikh Religion published in 1909.  

Every desh bhakt Sikh must know the open case of fraud perpetrated upon them by the British invader.

They used the Mata Sundri group Tat Khalsa to sow the seeds of distrust with Hindus . Every Sikh Guru was a Kahtri Hindu. Sikhism did NOT exists till Guru Gobind Singh created the Panj Pyaras.  

The propaganda that Guru Gobind Singh called the holy Guru Granth Sahib holy book as the 11th Guru , was created by a FAKE white Sikh Max Arthur Macauliffe .  He had no descendants . Yet he left all his wealth for someone in Ireland.

By the time Max baby stated his tricks on Sikhs , it must be said that Sikhs were already on the side of the British ruler. It is a disgrace that the rest of India fought for Independence in 1857, while the Sikhs fought to sustain the evil white invaders rule.

These immoral white men were looting  mother India blind. The Britsih convinced the Sikhs using their Tat Khalsa stooges that after their fight against Mulsims, the bext target should be Hindus. 

Max Arthur Macauliffe,  did the job entrusted to him by Rothchild ,very well. It was his job to ensure that the Sikhs must NOT consider themselves as part of the Hindu fabric at any cost.

He won the trust of the gullible Sikhs by dressing up as a Sikh with a turban even in court— where he was a divisional Judge.  He was also  Commissioner of the Punjab . He could put anybody in jail.   

Macauliffe had converted to Sikhism in the 1860s with great publicity.  He showed great fake respect to every Sikh , high or low —such a huge ego massage that the Sikhs who went to his court were floored. 

They whispered “ This man is truly a god send  friend of the Khalsa—just as how it was prophesized . We must trust our white skinned messiah to edit the holy scriptures and make it into a full book—our 11th and final Guru.”

Max baby translated  the  Sikh scripture and history into English.

Even today Max Artheur Macauliffe is held in very high esteem amongst the Sikh communion for his book  The Guru Granth Sahib shorn off all references to Vvedas, Upanishads and Hindusim. .  Still if anybody has read the Vedas and Unanishands – it is all there totally intact.

The publication in 1909 of Macauliffe’s The Sikh Religion (in six volumes),  received accolades all over the world ,by propaganda of Rothschild controlled world media. Even today the world media is controlled by Rothschild as are the central banks of every nation ( except Cuba, North korea , Iran and Syria ) and as is Hollywood ..

Macauliffe affirmed to the whole world that Sikhism is a separate religion—and it has NOTHING todo with Hindusism.

Max baby was assisted in writing his book The Sikh Religion: its Gurus, Sacred Writings and Authors (six volumes, Oxford University Press, 1909) by a British stooge Giani Pratap Singh .

In the annual session of the Lahore Singh Sabha , our Max baby proclaimed that the Guru Granth was matchless as a book of holy teachings and were miles ahead of all Hindu Vedas and Upansihads.
Thus the seeds of immoral lies and deceit had sprouted and were blooming ..

In 1898, Kahan Singh, the Chief Minister of Nabha , a great British stooge wrote a pamplet: Hum Hindu Nahin Hain (We are not Hindus).  This pamphlet was vetted by Max Arthur MacAuliffe.

Max baby told the Sikhs “ Hinduism was like a boa con- strictor of the Indian forests, which winds its opponent and finally causes it to disappear in its capacious interior." 

TEEEE HEEEE !!

Max baby planted FAKE verses from the mouths of Gurus and invented prophecies by them which anticipated the advent of the white race to whom the Sikhs would be loyal.  And a topeewala white Sikh ( Hodson ) would avenge Tegh Bahadur.



Above:  700 followers of Guru Teg Bahadur beheaded  by Aurangzeb as they refused to accept Islam.  There was NO Sikhism at this time -- all were Hindus.

Gora Sardarjee Max baby described “ the pernicious effects of the up-bringing of Sikh youths in a Hindu atmosphere. These youth are ignorant of the Sikh religion and of its prophecies in favour of the English and contract exclusive customs and prejudices to the extent of calling us Malechhas or persons of impure desires, and inspire disgust for the customs and habits of Christians."

Rotshchild developed a special Army Policy which gave results even in the short run. While the British disarmed the whole Indian nation , they created privileged enclaves of what they called martial races like Sikhs and Gorkhas who were permitted to carry deadly weapons. 

No Hindu could argue with a Sikh bully.  All this superior complex of being tough , went into their heads – resulting in a bloody backlash massacre in 1984.

It must be said here that the honourable Gurkhas never tried to bully hurt anybody.

Max baby became the official interpreter of Sikhism to the  world.   His went around town saying that he was first inspired to be a turbaned Sikh when he  attending a Divali celebration in Amritsar shortly after arriving in the Punjab ( Oh boy - I am touched !) .

In 1893, the Khalsa Diwan offered him financial assistance to carry on his work, after he took voluntary retirement from the Indian Civil Service to keep writing.

He was now fully engaged in driving a wedge between Hindus and Sikhs.  It stood out like a sore thumb when even without Muslim invader threat the Punjabi Hindu families as per past tradition were still  making the first born son a turbaned Sikh.



Max baby made a great SHAM show of calling respected Sikh scholars to his home at Amritsar Cantonment road . The naïve Sikh Gyanis did NOT know what he was up to or his dirty games behind their backs.  

After all none of them has the knowledge of Max baby when it came to Indian and related languages, including Sanskrit , which was necessary  to master the linguistic complexities of the Guru Granth Sahib.
Sometimes Max baby used to go to his second home at Nabha, where another British stooge Bhai Kahn Singh’s  services were made available by British blessed Maharaja Ripudaman Singh of Nabha.  

Ripudaman was literally chadoed on top of the proverbial channe ka jhaad.   He used to be given a 15 gun salute , and was invited to meet King George as a great friend of Britain , (along with another stooge – his distant cousin Bhupinder Singh of Patiala ), when he came to India.

When King Ripudaman Singh of Nabha introduced the  Anand Marriage Bill in the Legislative Council in October 1908 and mobilized more than 300 public meetings on British demand , carrying 700,000 signatures— he was such a darling for the British. 

British stooge Maharaja Ripudaman Singh who attended the coronation of King George V at Westminster on 22 June 1911, was always told was to do by Rothschild stooge and Gandhi’s mentor, a Hindu Gopal Krishna Gokhale.  

Maharaja Ripudaman was one of the biggest financial contributors and soldier manpower to the first World war effort of Rothschild.  Finally his own cousin Maharaja Bhupinder of Patiala told the British to depose him  on 9 July 1923.  

Poor Ripudaman baby!.  



In 1927 he went on pilgrimage to Sri Abichalnagar Hazur Sahib,  Nanded,  where he took the Khalsa pahul (initiation rites) a second time and was renamed Gurcharan Singh.  He died broken hearted with very little pension doled out by the British at Kodaikanal on 13 December 1942.

When turbaned Max baby decided to put his 6 volume book The Sikh Religion: Its Gurus, Sacred writings and Authors into the Clarendon Press in Oxford  he took his stooge Bhai Kahn Singh along in 1909.

Vol I deals with Guru Nanak and the founding events.
Vol. II deals with Guru Angad, Guru Amardas and Guru Ramdas.
Vol. III deals with Guru Arjan Dev
Vol IV deals with Guru Hargobind, Guru Har Rai, Guru Har Krishan and Guru Tegh Bahadur,
Vol V. deals with Guru Gobind Singh.
Vol. VI deals with earlier Bhagats (Bhakatas) whose hymns help make up the Guru Granth Sahib.

The British made sure that every encyclopedia ( equivalent to today’s History Channel ) including the 11th edition of Encyclopedia Britannica , proclaimed that Sikhism is a separate tree and NOT a branch of Hindusim. 
  
Later on Maharaja Ripudaman Singh was discarded like the proverbial curry leaf— like how Gandhi was discared after Israel was carved out and India got its Independence.

You will be shocked to know that the NON- Tat Khalsa Sikhs participated in a Navy mutiny in 1946— which finally propelled India to her freedom.

Punch into Google search –INDIAN NAVY MUTINY VADAKAYIL

Max baby died on 15th March 1913 in his London home, Sinclair Gardens, West Kensington.  The Brits gave great fake propaganda that a Indian Muslim servant  Muhammad,  vouched that Macauliffe recited the Japu(ji),  10 minutes before he died.

Excuem me please – I am so touched that I must cry.—SNIFF !!

BOOO  HOOOOOOO !!!!

In 1911, the Sikh Educational Conference in Rawalpindi rejected a resolution commending Max baby’s work.  It was NOT that all Sikhs were gullible .

Here are a list of Gianis who had a tete e tete with Max baby.. Bhai Kahn Singh Nabha ,with Bhais Nihal Singh , Sant Singh of Sialkote,  Bhais Ditt Singh, Gurmukh Singh, Rajinder Singh, Nihal Singh of Lahore; Bhai Sardul Singh Giani, Prem Singh, Fateh Singh , Darbara Singh of Amritsar; Bhai Sant Singh of Kapurthala; Bhai Bhagvan singh of Patiala , Bhai Dasaundha Singh of Firozpur,among many others .

Max Arthur Macauliffe secured from Maharaja Sir Hira Singh of Nabha the services of Bhai Kahn Singh, the royal tutor.



Earlier the British revived the Mata Sundri hard core Sikh faction establishment of Tat Khalsa ( the 'True Khalsa' ) Singh Sabha in Lahore in 1879, as a political rival to the moderate peace loving  Sanatan Sikh Sabha.

The Sanatan Dharma Sikhism acknowledged  its roots in the Vedic culture and believes in Hindu-Sikh unity.
The Sundri Mata unit of Tat Khalsas were hell bent on having a separate  Sikh identity,  separate from the Hindus who were still traditionally donating the eldest child as a Sikh.

The white invader easily put a wedge between the Sikhs and non-Sikh Punjabis , by injecting funds to Tat Khalsa , giving moral support and subverting all literature.

Sikh soldiers continued being servile to their prophesized white masters wearing TOPEE . For the Tat Khalsa Sikhs, the British shit did NOT smell.

Soon after their establishment, the Tat Khalsas with the institutional support of the colonial Christian missionaries  and rulers, began throwing out the Jathedars from the management of the Gurudwaras. Force was used force when needed.  If needed blood was spilt..

To promote this new Sikh identity separate from the former glory of Hindu-SikhBanda Bahadur and Ranjit Singh  days,  a foul reform movement was initiated.

All older source material was suppressed, marginalized, denied, invalidated or even, as in case of Gurbilas, banned outright.  Sikh scriptures were totally reinterpreted to expunge any hint of Hindu-ness in them.
Every  Hindu fresco, painting and murti were removed from every Gurudwaras and all practices deemed to be Hindu were discontinued.

Rumours were spread that the Jathedars were promoting rituals that were 'forbidden by the Gurus'. and they were assaulted and some had their bones broken .

HariMandir ( Vishnu Temple) became to be known as Darbar Sahib, which is Arabic for 'The court of God'.

In 1905, the murtis removed from HariMandir included life sized murtis of Lord Vishnu, Chandi-Durga, Lord Krishna, Lord Shiva and even  Guru Ram Das Sodhi, the  Son in law of the third guru  Guru Amar Das. 

Why should Guru Amardas be dishonoured ? – he did NOT have Guru Nanak’s blood , but he had Guru Gobind Singh’s blood.



Gurubanis were highly mistranslated wholesale and Janamsakhis of Guru Nanak Devji were injected with poison.

Guru Nanak and all Gurus who were Khatri Hindus  had never permitted  Hindu bashing.   But Tat Khaksa Sikhs would believe only the white Sardarjee messiah evangelist Macauliffe.  Mind you, Max baby was forced to  revised his translation 7 times to suit Rothschild .

Whenever moderate Sikhs disputed anything the  British would step in as adjudicator and fan the fires. But their conculsions were always on the side of the Sundi group Tat Khalsa.

Let me present an moderate example of Macauliffe’s,  Rothschild vetted works -
Dilli takht par bahegi aap Guru ki fauj
Chatter phirega sis paar barhi karegi mauj
 Raj karega khalsa aaki rahe na koe
Khwar hoe sab milenge bache saran jo hoye

The army of your Guru will overrun the throne of Delhi  The Mantle will unfold on your head and make you very happy.  The khalsa will rule and no one should be left out.  Those who will resort to the khalsa will overcome all evils.

The events of 1857 had created a brand new identity for the Sikhs and this ideal of a parallel nationalism
dominated by the wicked politics continue to haunt the desh bhakt Sikhs even after  the passing
away of colonialism .



It was he Max baby inserted terms such as Sikhs only bowing before the Granth and nothing else.  Like how Muslims will bow only to the Koran.

Max baby for all his popularity with the Tat Khalsa Sikhs is unknown in the west today. Even the current Sikhs do NOT know this kingpin who revived and founded Mata Sundri’s  Tat Khalsa,  the radical section of the Singh Sabha reform movement,  heavily funded by Rothschild .

A leader of Tat Khalsa Singh Sabha was Bhai Gurmukh Singh, a professor at the Oriental College of Lahore.  He contacted Bhai Kanh Singh of Nabha, a notable scholar, who wrote Mahan Kosh (encyclopedia of Sikhism) and Ham Hindu Nahin (We are not Hindus).  British stooges Bhai Gurmukh Singh and Bhai Kanh Singh cooperated with Max Arthur Macauliffe.

 The hegemonic Tat Khalsa position, asserted that only those initiated into the Tat Khalsa in accordance with the injunctions of Guru Gobind Singh were true Sikhs.A poet of the Tat Khalsa is Vir Singh .

Max Arthur Macauliffe knew what he was doing when he wrote  –“. We know the teachings of Socrates only through the writings of Plato and Xenophon.  Buddha has left no written memorial of his teaching. Kungfu-tze, known to Europeans as Confucius, left no documents in which he detailed the principles of his moral and social system.  The founder of Christianity did not reduce his doctrines to writing and for them we are obliged to trust to the gospels according to Matthew, Mark, Luke and John.  The prophet Muhammad did not himself reduce to writing the chapters of the Quran.  They were written or compiled by his adherents and followers.  But the compositions of Sikh Gurus are preserved and we know at first hand what they taught” 



Despite all the efforts of the separatist and hardcore Tat Khalsa and Max Arthur Mac Auliffe — let me quote excepts of some verses from the Sri Guru Granth Sahib, the holy book currently in the Golden temple Amritsar.

There are 1431 pages .

Max baby may know 17 languages . But he knows  shit about Hinduism. This is why each of the 1431 pages are FULL of Hindusim. Vedic and Vedanta thoughts are all over each and every page.

Page 2 / Verse 4 : The Guru’s  Word is the Wisdom of the Vedas;  the Guru’s Word is all pervading. The Guru is Shiva, the Guru is Vishnu and Brahma; the Guru is Paarvati and Lakhshmi

Page 2/ Verse 8: Listening —Shiva, Brahma and Indra. Listening— even foul-mouthed people praise Him. Listening —the technology of Yoga and the secrets of the body. Listening the Shaastras, the Simritees and the Vedas. O Nanak, the devotees are forever in bliss.

Page 3 / Verse 15 : The mythical bull is Dharma, the son of compassion; this is what patiently holds the earth in its place. One who understands this becomes truthful. What a great load there is on the bull ! ( the load on the bull is Lord Shiva )

Page 4 / Verse 20: I bow to the Lord of the World, to His Word, to Brahma the Creator. He is Beautiful, True and Eternally Joyful. What was that time, and what was that moment? What was that day, and what was that date? What was that season, and what was that month, when the Universe was created? The Pandits, the religious scholars, cannot find that time, even if itis written in the Puraanas. That time is not known to the Qazis, who study the Koran.

Page 5 / Verse 25: The Vedas and the Puraanas speak. The scholars speak and lecture. Brahma speaks, Indra speaks. The Gopis and Krishna speak. Shiva speaks, the Siddhas speak.

Page 6 / Verse 27: Shiva, Brahma and the Goddess of Beauty, ever adorned, sing. Indra, seated upon His Throne, sings with the deities at Your Door. The Siddhas in Samaadhi sing; the Saadhus sing in contemplation. The celibates, the fanatics, the peacefully accepting and the fearless warriors sing. The Pandits, the religious scholars who recite the Vedas, with the supreme sages of all the ages, sing. The Mohinis, the enchanting heavenly beauties who entice hearts in this world, in paradise, and in the underworld of the subconscious sing.

Page 7 / Verse 34:  Nanak, when you go home, you will see this. ||34 || This is righteous living in the realm of Dharma. And now we speak of the realm of spiritual wisdom. So many winds, waters and fires; so many Krishnas and Shivas. So many Brahmas, fashioning forms of great beauty, adorned and dressed in many colors. So many worlds and lands for working out karma. So very many lessons to be learned! So many Indras, so many moons and suns, so many worlds and lands. So many Siddhas.

Page 8 : The Righteous Judge of Dharma sings at Your Door. Chitr and Gupt, the angels of the conscious and the subconscious who keep the record of actions, and the Righteous Judge of Dharma who reads this record, sing of You. Shiva, Brahma and the Goddess of Beauty, ever adorned by You, sing of You. Indra, seated on His Throne, sings of You, with the deities at Your Door. The Siddhas in Samaadhi sing of You; the Saadhus sing of You in contemplation.

Page 9 : The Pandits, the religious scholars who recite the Vedas, with the supreme sages of all the ages, sing of You. The Mohinis, the enchanting heavenly beauties who entice hearts in paradise, in this world, and in the underworld of the subconscious, sing of You.

Page 11 : O Dear Infinite Lord; they practice disciplined meditation and chant endlessly. For You, many, for You, so very many read the various Simritees and Shaastras. They perform rituals and religious rites. Those devotees, those devotees are sublime, O servant Nanak, who are pleasing to my Dear Lord God.
Page 15: O Baba, the splendor of Maya is deceptive. The blind man has forgotten the Name; he is in limbo, neither here nor there.

Page 16: With the body of saffron, and the tongue a jewel, and the breath of the body pure fragrant incense; with the face anointed at the sixty-eight holy places of pilgrimage, and the heart illuminated with wisdom —( Pilgrimage is prohibited in Sikhism )

Page 21: Wherever I look, I see the Lord pervading there, in the union of Shiva and Shakti, of consciousness and matter. The three qualities hold the body in bondage; whoever comes into the world is subject to their play.

NOW JUST ONE  EXAMPLE OF MAX BABY’S POISON:--

Page 27: After all their reading, the Pandits, the religious scholars, and the astrologers argue and debate. Their intellect and understanding are perverted;  they just dont understand. They are filled with greed and corruption. Through 8.4 million incarnations they wander lost and  confused; through all their wandering and roaming, they are ruined. They act according to their pre-ordained destiny, which no one can  erase .( which religious book will talk this way? Pray ? Prithee ? )
Thomas Patrick Hughes was a British missionary who worked in India from 1865 to 1884.  He wrote many books including “Dictionary of Islām” wherein he added an article about “Sikhism”.  



The reason offered by him for adding an article about Sikhism in a book about Islam is that:
QUOTE “…it is enough for the purposes of this article to have established the fact that Sikhism, in its inception, was intimately associated with Muhammadanism; and that it was intended as a means of bridging the gulf which separated the Hindus from the believers in the Prophet.”UNQUOTE

This was to prove that Guru Nanak is a Muslim, like what the Ahemadiyyas claim. Guru Nanak just accompanied a Muslim friend to Mecca.  Nowhere is it written that he went round the Kaaba ( which has a Shiva Lingam at the SE corner 5 feet above the ground ) 7 times. If he had done it he would have written or told about it.

Hughes baby writes - QUOTE The literature and traditions of Sikhism present a strange intermingling of Hindū and Muhammadan ideas; and this is so palpably apparent that oven superficial inquirers have been led to conclude that Nānak purposely intended his creed to be a compromise between those two great religions.UNQUOTE

This is after Guru Nanak witnessed the brutal killings and the rale of dead women by the army of  Babur .



Regarding the origin of Sikhism, Reverend Hughes writes--

“ Sikhism  emerged out of Sufīsm and t Bābā Nānak was himself a Sufī.  Guru Nānak, although a Hindu by birth, came under Sufī influence, and was strangely attracted by the saintly demeanour of the faqīrs.  In pictures they are represented, with small rosaries in their hands, quite in Muhammadan fashion, as though ready to perform zikr".   

"All the Adi Granth  verses composing the poem rhyme together, in singular conformity with the principle regulating the construction of the Persian ghazal.  While meeting Muslim dervishes, Guru Nanak used to greet them with Islāmic greeting of “Assalam-o-Alaikum” and receiving back the same greeting of “Wa-Alaikum-Assalam.  Guru Nanak had a intimate relationship with with Shaikh Farid that lasted for twelve years.  ”

This Christian missionary Hughes baby goes on and on—

Reverend Hughes also describes the meetings of Bābā Nānak with Shaikh Ibrahim, who saluted him us a Muslim, and had a conversation with him on the unity of God; Miyan Mitha, who called upon him for the Kalimah which leads to a long conversation, in which Bābā Nānak lays emphasis on the Sufī doctrine of the unity of God. 

In this conversation, Nanak says, "The book of the Qur'ān should be practised." (fol.144) He also acknowledged that "justice is the Qur'ān." (fol. 148) When the Miyan asked him what is the one great name, Nanak took him aside and whispered it his ear, "Allāh". Immediately the great name is uttered, Miyan Mitha is consumed to ashes; but a celestial voice again utters the word Allāh!" and the Miyan regains life, and falls at the feet of Nanak. (fol. 147)

British used Gurdwaras  power apart from Sikh aristocracy power , for arm twisting the Sikhs.  The British gave huge dharmarths (grants)  and in  virtually controlled their Gurudwara administration .  

The British followed the precedent of Ranjit  Singh since 1815 in appointing a manager for the Golden Temple, Amritsar, to justify their  appointing a manager of the shrine.  



The British Army Regulations laying emphasis on baptism for the Sikh soldiers, and they made it compulsory. The Lt. Governor of Punjab, Sir Robert Egerton, and the Viceroy, Lord Lansdowne,  were patrons of the Tat Khalsa Sabha with radicalized at Amritsar.  

The previous Sikh Sabha at Lahore had Hindus attending too, but NOT at Amritsar later.. The British helped in creating a weekly, Gurmukhi Akhbar, to popularise the Sikh ideals .The Tat Khalsa Sabhas constructed their own gurdwaras, with granthis, ragis, and updeshaks, and they became centres of new revivalism.  

In 1905, the British arm twisted King Abdur Rahman of Afghanistan  to throw out the Hindu idols inside the  dharmsala (Gurdwara) Hari Rai in Kabul.   A Muslim King declared that Hindus had no concern with Sikh shrines, as Sikhs had nothing to do with Hindi Thakurdwaras or Shivdwaras.

Despite all this Sikhs themselves opposed the  the removal of idols form the Golden Temple . There was blood shed inside the temple. Some Sikhs shouted that the white Christian invader was doing  ‘divide and rule’. However the radical Tat Khalsa, the Khalsa Advocate, the Khalsa Samachar, the Khalsa Sewak etc  made sure that the gurudwaras were taken over.

To reward the Sikhs for killing their brother Indian Hindus and Muslims in 1857 war for freedom , the British in the 1871 census,  enumerated the Sikhs as a  separate community, for the first time.

Let it be known that Rothschild stooge Scindia and Nizam of Hyderabad also supported the British in 1857.  Today the young Scindia MP acts as he and his family are khandani desh bhakts, and will do anything for the Italian waitress turned empress.

Governor-General Lord Charles John Viscount Canning had passed an extraordinary fiat, reproduced below from The Calcutta Gazette, June 26, 1858 --

“ The Right Hon’ble Governor General, in order to mark his appreciation of the Gwalior Maharajah Jayajirao Scindia’s deep  friendship, and his gratification at the re-establishment of His Highness’ authority in his ancestral dominions, was pleased  to direct that a Royal Salute shall be fired at every principal station in India.”

Ripudaman baby got only a  15 gun salute , Jayajirao Scindia baby , when he kicked the bucket in 1886 was conferred a personal salute of 21 guns by the British .

Oh boy !!

SNIFF ! 

I must cry now.

BOOO  HOOOOOO !

The British made sure that  Singh Sabhas were started, manned mostly by loyal ex-soldiers.  These worked under Khalsa Diwans established at Lahore and Amritsar.  They all wore the badge of loyalty to the foreigner British and hatred for the Indian Hindus and Muslims . 

For the British it was a simple matter of bribery, intimidation and manipulation of Sikh leaders to sell their souls and create a new 'modern Sikhism' . The ancient and historic portraits of Guru Nanak had sandalwood and kum kum Tilaks on his forehead,  with a 108 bead Hindu Rudraksha mala around his neck.  

All these painting were destroyed and newer paintings of Guru Nanak generated by the Tat Singh Sabhias, portray him as  a Muslim sufi saints, like the  Arabs from the Biblical stories of Jesus.


Every Sikh knew  that the glorious Sikh empire of Ranjit Singh was snatched away by the white man and Maharaja Duleep Singh, the descendant of Maharaja Ranjit Singh had been converted to Christianity and taken away to England after snatching away the Kohinoor diamond .  

All knew that each of the ten Gurus were in fact from Hindu families and lived as Hindus until their final days- except Guru Gobind Singh who started Sikhism..and this Guru trusted only a Hindu Banda Bahadur to take over his mantle .

A fortnight ago there were landslides and floods at Kedanath , Uttarakhand . At this time our cricketer Harbhajan Singh was on his way to Hemkhund Sabib  nearby Kedarnath temple at Chamoli district. 



Originally this was a Durga Mandir, later converted to be a Gurudwara .  There is a natural sarovar lake with crystal clear water at a height of 15,200 feet . 

Guru Gobind Singh was a devout bhakt of Hindu Goddess Durga.  This fact is mentioned throughout all Sikh historic texts of how he performed the MahaChandi yagya at NainaDevi with help of Brahmin priests before setting off for battle.


 In his auto biography the 10th Guru writes--
Hemkund parbat hai jahan, sapt sring sobhat hai tahan, Vaha hum anik tapasya sadhi, Mahakal Kalka aaradhi.
In my previous life, I did lot of penance ( as a Rishi ) at Hemkund, and worshipped the primordial Mother (Mahakal Kalka). 



This is a pilgrimage centre though Sikhism does NOT allow pilgrimages. There is a Lakshman Temple closeby.


This Gurudwara Sri Hemkunt Sahib  is devoted to Guru Gobind Singh and it find finds mention in Dasam Granth.  Hindus go there more than Sikhs. King Pandu, the father of the Pandavas used to do Yoga on the lake bank 6000 year ago. .  


This is written in the Dasham Granth too.  Hemkund is inaccessible from October through April because of snow bound paths and glaciers.

After the death of Banda Singh Muslims rose in power again.  Mughal invader, Ahmad Shah Abdali, the founder of the Durrani Empire andthe founder of the modern state of Afghanistan demolished Harmandir sahib of the Golden temple twice.   

Both the times he slaughtered may cows in the sacred pool and the water was blood red.  Ahmed Shah Abdali even kept a Randi ka Mandi there-  dancing girls.



Both the time Hindus and Sikhs ralled together to defend the temple. . It was the Hindus who rebuilt the temple everytime, as the Sikh skilled worker , population of the area was very little. Baling out of the sarovar water was a joint effort. The Sikhs have forgotten all this.  

The golden temple was originally built in 1574. The land for the site was acquired free from Hindu Zamindars.  Thr original idol installed in this temple was that of Lord Vishnu ( Hari Mandir ) and then Devi Mata Durga and Lord Shiva  –later broken and thrown out by the Tat Sikhs of the Sundri faction. 



The original name of Amriit Sarovar was Vishnu Kund. The Vishnu Purana describes how during the Satyug era, emperor Ikshwaku performed a Mahayagya in order to propitiate Lord Hari. The area from then on became to be known as Yagyasthan or a place of austerities.  

The first Guru Nanak used to sit here feeling the good vibes to meditate along with the Hindu saints of the time under a huge Dukh Bhanjani tree. The city of Amritsar dates back to the Satyug Era of Emperor Ikshwaku.

The British propaganda is that Emperor Akbar, gave the land for Golden temple as a wedding gift to Bibi Bhani, a daughter of the third Guru Amar Das,  when she married a Hindu Khatri Jetha who later became the 4th  Guru Ram Das . The myth of the foundation stone for Hari Mandir being laid by a Muslim sufi Mian Mir is also another immoral fabrication of the British .

The Sikh god of Waheguru is exactly, repeat,  EXACTLY THE SAME as BrahmAn of Hindusim.  It is shapeless, timeless, and sightless.

Punch into Google search-  

ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY  SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

The Dasam Granth is a scripture of Sikhs which contains texts attributed to the Tenth Guru Gobind Singh. The Dasam Granth holds a significance of great amount for Sikhs, however it does not have the same authority as Adi Granth.   

Some compositions of the Dasam Granth like Jaap Sahib, (Amrit Savaiye), and Benti Chaupai are part of the daily prayers/lessons (Nitnem) of/for Sikhs. Since Guru Gobind Singh was a Goddess Durga bhakt , the wars of Durga with demons, (Chandi Chritras: Chandi Chritra I, Chandi Chritra II, Chandi di Var) were written to instill the spirit of war among Sikhs.

Takht Sachkhand Shri Hazur Abchalnagar Sahib and also known as Abchal Nagar, is located on the banks of the River Godavari at the city of Nanded, in the state of Maharashtra. 



It is where the  Guru Gobind Singh is said to have passed away. The construction of the gurdwara was done from 1832 to 1837 by order of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.  



There is also a  Gurdwara called Baba Banda Bahadur Ghat at Nanded.

Guru Nanak cast off the costume of a saint , and spent the last 18 years of his life as a householder at Kartarpur off-Ravi river.

Guru Hargobind gained his freedom, after an incarceration of about seven years (1613- 1620)  at Gwalior fort ( NOT 3 years as told by Sikhs ) .  Emperor Jahangir makes no mention at all of Guru Hargobind in his memoirs  .



The days of Baisakhi ( coincides with Vishu of Kerala ) and Diwali which are chosen for Sikh festivals , are also Hindu festivals all over India.  However today Sikhs have converted these two days as related to their Gurus.

Baisakhi is the day on which the Khalsa was born and Guru Gobind  Singh who baptized the first 5 Sikhs using sweet nectar Amrit.  

And for Diwali the Sikhs celebrate the release of Guru Hargobind from Jehangir’s prison in Gwalior fort.  They are sure of the day —BUT not at all sure how many years he was in jail— paradox.




Above : Gwalior fort.

A religion is known by its festivals.  All the ten Gurus, themselves Khatris, married Hindu Khatri wives. The Khatris are Vaishyas mercantile community, who originated in Punjab . The Khatris are among the very few non-Brahmin communities that have traditionally studied the Vedas.

During the British rule of the 19th century, the Khatri virtually had a monopoly over trade in Punjab ,Pakistan and Afghanistan. In Punjab, Haryana and Jammu and Kashmir, Punjabi, is their first language of the Khatris and the Gurumukhi script is used to write it.

Guru Govind Singhwho was named after Lord Krishna ( Govinda ) created  the Khalsa, solely in order to defend “Hindu dharma” and his mother land.  So what happened in 1857— a Sundri group by the name of tat Khalsa just hijacked the  Guru’s vision and saved the Christian white invader when the whole of India rose like one to drive them away?



With the connivance of the FAKE white historians holiest shrine, the Sanskrit name Hari Mandir ( Vishnu temple )  was replaced with the Urdu name Darbar Sahib (“revered court-session”).  An Islamic fatwa became the Sikh hukumnama (“command-letter”).   The Vishnu statue in the Hari Mandir were broken, and thrown away which none of the 10 gurus did NOT dare to do.

It was the German Jew a stooge of German Jew  Rothschild, the  Principal of Government College at Lahore Gottlieb Wilhelm Leitner who coined the name Singh Sabha and gave all the Urdu titles using a  Urdu Muslim scholar, Maulvi Karim-ud-Din.  Our Jewish man Leitner used to dress up as a Sikh.



Guru Govind passed away in 1708, over 200 years after his passing the Sundri group Tat Singh Sabha in 1906, suddenly decide to remove the original idol of Lord Vishnu kept there by Guru Gobind Singh and all the previous Gurus ..

If so, then why not remove the name of Vishnu from the holy book Guru Granth Sabib too?



Can you imagine Jews and Muslims working together to screw Hinduism and Mother India ? Sikhs must know desh bhakti is to the mother land and NOT to a book or person on a throne.



How will it feel if tomorrow Buddhism form a Tat Buddhist sect and remove the holy book from the Golden temple— just because they have more violence potential and muscle power?

 How will it feel if tomorrow Buddhism form a Tat Buddhist sect and remove the holy book from the Golden temple— just because they have more violence potential and muscle power?

Leitner started a “Sikh Bhai” class just to teach the Sikhs all false history and poison injected Guru’s writings with BUDDHIMAN ( gyani title in fake history ) examinations and bait of good administrative jobs — by then in 1883 , called the University of Punjab..  

The Gyanis who passed out of these Sikh theology classes ( formed on the guidelines of Catechism ) were literally Tat Sikh evangelists whose job was to keep giving unsolicited advise to common eldest son Sikhs ( with remaining family Hindus ) that Sikhism has nothing to do with Hinduism.



This was a fiat from Freemason founder Rothschild to his fellow Freemason Viceroy George Robinson, 1st Marquess of Ripon.

On 2nd Nov 1879, the Tat Khalsa Sabha ( only for Sikhs ) was funded and conceived at Lahore.  Viceroy Ripon commanded  the  Lt Governor of Punjab Sir Robert Eyles Egerton ( 1877 to 1882 ) , to boost the Tat Sikh Sabha and control all Sikh temple affairs. 

Egerton was to drive a wedge between Hindus and Sikhs who were brothers in arms by weakening and targetting the Sanatan Singh Sabha ( both Hindus and Sikhs ) .  Since 1849 the Punjab was just a province of British India.

You wont believe this.  Viceroy Ripon wanted to appoint Sikh Judges in 1883 to try even white British offenders in criminal cases.  This was shot down by the BROWN SAHIBS ( wanna be Gora Sahebs , who will smell of chutney and pickle ) – the Anglo Indian Community.  TEE HEEEEEE !!!

Guru Gobind Singh was an perceptive man. To fulfil a certain need of the hour, he- preached the gospel of the Khalsa, the pure or the chosen to basically fight against enormous odds.  He did NOT want any mother to lose all her sons,  and hence only the eldest son was required to be inducted as a warrior.

Those who joined his group passed through a ceremony known as pahul, and to emphasize the martial nature of 'their new vocation,  they were given the old title of Singh or "lion". They were expected to fight like lions .  
Can any hardcore Sikh say today that the sect founded by the 10th Guru Gobind Singh was based on birth?  
Did Sikhism exist before the Guru Gobind Singh?  

This sect was never  based on birth but which drew its recruits from those who were not Khalsa by birth. It was wholly drawn and manned by the Hindus—NOT  Christinas,Jews , Buddhists or any other religion.. Let me get this clear—I am NOT saying this to convert Sikhs back to Hinduism.  

Hinduism does NOT want them back. They are OK wherever they are and as they are .   It is only to dispel the seeds of mistrust created after Operation Bluestar by the separatists in foreign lands.  

In an India Pakistan cricket matches in UK , these turbaned separatists have shown banners  “ WE SUPPORT PAKISTAN “.  

Is this what the Gurus wanted , to support enemy Muslims -- who killed their Gurus and name their missiles GHORI and BABAR and their sea ports MUHAMMAD BIN QASIM --against Sikhs and Hindus playing together as a team.

What a disgrace !!!

Guru Gobind Singh formed the Khalsa to gather spirited and determined souls , to save his traumatised motherland and  tyrannized people from cruel Mughal foreign invaders who raped dead women.  The Panj Pyaras were all Hindus, who reposed implicit trust on a leader , and they were willing to give their own lives to him. 

It must be said here that only the first man to offer his head to Guru Nanak gets the prize in  my book.

Guru Gobind shouted :  “The entire sangat is very dear to me;  but is there a devoted Sikh who will give his head to me here and now?  A need has arisen at this moment which calls for a head.”  

A hush fell over the assembly assembled on Baisaki day of 1699 AD at Keshgarh Qila at Anandpur.  The 10th Guru spent 25 years at Anandpur Sahib and to protect India from the cruel  Mughal invaders .

Daya Ram, a Hindu Khatri of Lahore, arose and offered himself.  He walked behind the Guru to a tent near by.  Guru Gobind Singh returned with his sword dripping blood and demanded another head.  



The Guru again asked for another head, this time Dharam Singh, a Chamar from Hastinapur, presented himself to the Guru.  

Guru Gobind Singh gave three more calls.  Mohkam Chand, a calico printer/tailor from Dwarka Gujarat ,  Himmat Rai, a water-bearer from Jagannath Puri, and Sahib Chand, a barber from Bidar Karnataka , stood up one after another and advanced to offer their heads.



Above: This was the historic spot of Keshgarh Qila.

The Tat Khalsa with British connivance have even fudged the places of birth of these five Pyares— and converted them all into Guru worshipping Sikhs from Punjab.   

Daya Ram of Dall , Dharam Das, of Jatwara,  Sahib Chand of  Nangal , Himmat Chand of Sangatpurat and Mohkam Chand Chhimba, of Ambala.   

Is Orissa, Gujarat , Karnataka etc  NOT good enough -- only Punjab is good enough ?




The woman in the picture is Guru Nanak’s first wife  Mata Jitoji, who bore him three sons  Jujhar Singh, Zorawar Singh and Fateh Singh.   It is  NOT  2nd wife Sundri  ( British and Tat Khalsa heroine ) who later adopted a son Ajit Singh , who even tried to become the 11th Guru--  Mata Jito mixed sugar in water to make amrit.

Jito Ji was a Khatri Hindu and her father Hari Jas was from Lahore.  She was married to Gobind Rai ( 10th Guru ) within a year , after he  succeeded his father as the tenth guru.  

Since Guru Gobind Singh was too young and could NOT travel to Lahore ( Guru  Tegh Bahadur has just been murdered  ) his uncle Kirpal Chand arranged for a massive  pandal  at Anandpur on June 21, 1677 A.D.

After seven years of marriage without children, Mata Jito ji's husband Guru Gobind Rai married again because his mother  Mata Gujri, forced him.

He then married  Sundari Swaroop, the daughter of Hindu Ram Saran and Siv Devi of Bavjara, on 6th April  1684 A.D.  She could NOT conceive and adoped a son Ajit Singh. She was very beautiful outlived Guru Gobind Singh by 40 years.

In 1690 A.D., after nearly 13 years of marriage, the child bride of 10 years , Mata Jito ji became pregnant and all very happy . She gave birth to her first son Jujhar Singh in 1691 A.D.  Then she bore Zorawar Singh on November 17, 1696 A.D. The youngest son Fateh Singh born on February 25, 1699 A.D.

Never mind what the FAKE British historians say.  

Guru Gobind Singh loved Mata Jito Ji.  A few weeks after the birth of his youngest son, Fateh Singh , the tenth guru established the Khalsa order on April 14th during the Vaisakhi spring festival of 1699.  

Even this day and month has been fudged by the British to make Sikhism separate from Hindusim as 30 March 1699 AD .

Today the Sikhs celebrate Baisakhi on 13th April.  In Kerala Vishu is on 14th April .

In 1984, the Khalistanis wrote all over the Internet and fudged records that  two women were  one.

I challenge anybody to show a Sikh historical record before 1800 AD that the two wives are actually one. Please excuse me from Khalistani  books after 1980 AD and Tat Khalsa books after 1900 AD.  The Mahan Kosh,  Twareekh Guru Khalsa,  Guru Padd Prem Parkash all say both are different women.

Some wisdom:  No Sikh present or future can EVER NEVER EVER NEVER  be  the Sikh Guru--  so please take it easy when fudging historical facts.

A very religious and a gentleman Sikh Chief Engineer had  sailed with me. He used to play Gurbani loudly throughout the day and this used to irritate me , as it affected my work . But I let it be. His beard almost touches his knees . He had told me that a 3rd alliance from Rohtas was brought to him.  

Guru Gobind Singh asked Mata Sahib Kaur ( born 1st Nov 1681 )  to stay and do seva for the panth .  At that time her father Bhai Ramu and mother Jasdevi Bassi queried  that if she does seva for the panth , then what about giving birth to children .  In reply Guru Gobind Singh replied that she will have millions of children and she would be the mother of Khalsa. 



There is a Gurudwara in Rohtas (district Jhelum, Pakistan)--  see above picture-- which was repaired by Maharaja Ranjit Singh, but is now in very poor condition. Sikhs go there for pilgrimage even today. If this is true , Sikhs must get it repaired.  


For Mata Sahib Kaur is the mother of Khalsa – the honourable Sri maan Mata of Guru Khalsa Panth..   I do NOT expect my old Chief Engineer to lie.  

He said Mata Sahib Devi stayed  in the apartments of the Guru Gobind Singh’s  mother, Mata Gujri.    



He was 100% clear that it was Mata Jito ji  who poured the patashas in the Amrit for the Panj Pyares-- NOT Mata Sundri or Mata Sahib KKaur.. 

Gurudwara Nankana Sahib , at the  birthplace of Guru Nanak Dev , is located about 80 kilometers south west of Lahore .  This was made in 1600 AD and  renovated in the years 1819 AD by Maharaja Jassa Singh Ramgarhia.

In July 1925, The Brtish and Tat Khalsa managed  Shiromani Gurdwara Prabandhak Committee (“Committee of Shrine Management”),  removed the Hindu idols and evicted the traditional pujaris / mahants (guardians , accusing them of theft.   British governor, Sir Malcolm Hailey, set up Tat Khalsa  elected central Sikh board,  and new Silh mahants he said represented the true Sikh community.  Sikh shrines and mahants were placed under the board’s control.

Sir Malcom Hailey used Master Tara Singh , a British loyalist in all these activities .  He later demanded  for a Sikh-majority state in Punjab, India.

Tara Singh was born a Hindu and can be considered as the ORIGINAL mentor of Khalistanis . Upon graduation from Khalsa College at Amritsar in 1907, he entered the Sikh school system in Lyallpur, becoming a Gyani  or “master,” a title associated with him thereafter.

In 1961 Tara Singh declared that he would fast until the Indian prime minister, Jawaharlal Nehru, ceded a portion of the Punjab as a Sikh state or until death claimed him.

He began his fast in August at the Golden Temple at Amritsar, but Nehru responded that submission to Tara Singh’s demands would be against India’s secular constitution and unfair to the Hindus in the Punjab.



After a personal letter from Nehru promising to investigate Sikh claims, Tara Singh broke his 48-day fast, incurring the wrath of the Sikh people. Tara Singh was brought to trial before a council of pijaras (Sikh religious leaders) and pleaded guilty.

His failure to starve to death in defense of his ideals had discredited him as a leader, and Sant Fateh Singh was elected in his place. Tara Singh’s dream of a Punjabi-speaking state was realized in 1966, when the present Indian state of Punjab was created.

Just in case you guys think that the British continuously made an ass of the entire Sikh Community-- here is something you must know.

You will NOT find this anywhere else.

So listen up.

THE DEAL THE BRITISH MADE WITH SIKHS WERE QUID PRO QUO.

YOU SCRATCH OUR BACKSIDES  AND WE SCRATCH YOURS.

An elaborate plan was made to show the Sikhs that they would be the new Brahmans of Punjab.

They would hold the power .

They would hold the good fertlile lands and the money.

Sikhs were told to buy up land at certain areas cheap throw away prices .



These lands were literally deserts. Nothing was ever gown there.

The Hindus and Muslim were wondering why the Sikhs are buying all these lands. 

Soon came the stunning news.



Canals would be dug by the British to make these lands irrigable. 

Road and rail lines would criss-cross these areas, so that the land became valuable.

Yeah--pretty much the way apna desh ka daamad Robert Wadhera --nay--Vadra did recently.




Take out your maps and check this out .

You can make a trip to the municipality or corporation to dig out the dates from old records if they exist.

The  desert lands to the west of Punjab were made cultivable by  canals and were allotted only to Sikhs residing in eastern Punjab at throw away prices.

Check out the huge and vast tract of land known as 'Nilibar' irrigated by the Chenab Canal.

Check out the Nuevo rich Sikh farm owners cum farmers in the districts of Amritsar, Ludhiana, Ferozepur and adjoining areas.

The most loyal stooges of the British got the canal zone lands free.  Tracts of land from 15 acres to 500 acres were doled out.

Canal networks  were dug at Upper Bari Doab, from river Ravi and lower Bari Doab as well from that River; the upper Chenab canal from Chenab river. The Shahpur Thal desert was irrigated by the canals taken from river Jhelum in upper Jhelum canal.

These irrigation projects covered entire lands which were previously arid deserts where not a blade of grass grew. 

These lands were made fit for agriculture from the Chenab river, 430 miles of canal were dug with  2293 miles of distributor channels, while 12,100 miles of the water course were taken.

Financial incentives were given to the most loyal British Sikh stooges.

Recommendations from loyal Sikh Maharajas were acquiesced to.  Now you know the secrets of 15 gun and 21 gun salutes and how Sikh Maharajas were found fit to visit king George in England.

These channels irrigated 2.6 million acres of land.  It was at the cost of 350 Lakh rupees ( a fortune in those days ) and the initial yearly value of the crop yielded over 900 lakh rupees -- every paise earned by the loyal Sikh farmers.

Posts for loyal Sikhs were reserved in the Army and in the civil services to be filled exclusively by baptized Sikhs, the Tat Khalsa.

The land owning Brahmins now depended on Sikhs who became the new Zamindars. 

The Sikhs held the money,  they were allowed to carry swords , they got the ear of Rothschild -   they were the new tough guys on the block .

Meanwhile the Christian missionaries converted 4 Sikh youth and all hell broke loose. The Christian missionaries were literally bambooed , and told to lay off from the Sikh community by Rothschild.

Why do you think there are so many anti- Hindu Khalistanis in Canada .

In 1897, Queen Victoria invited her most loyal Sikh Soldiers  to attend her Diamond Jubilee celebrations in London.

These loyal badge Sikh soldiers, were then taken on a conducted tour of Canada on their way home.

They were promised large tracts of free land if they immigrate--as a reward for their loyalty.   

They were told to go back to their villages and spread the good world quietly among Sikhs only.  

It is another thing that the first batch of Sikhs who went there had eye infection ( trachoma ) and after that they made a new rule that the trip from originate from India by ship.. Which meant a good incubation period for any disease --and only healthy Sikhs would land up after a health check .

These Sikhs returned to India with stories of an attractive land of milk and honey waiting to be settled by British loyalist subjects.

By 1907, when the Khalsa Diwan society was organized in Vancouver with branches in Abbotsford, New Westminster, Fraser Mills, Duncan Coombs and Ocean Falls.

Sikhs were given employment with good salary in laying the tracks of the Canadian Pacific Railway, in lumber mills and mines.

Though they earned marginally  less than white workers, they made more than enough money to send to India and get relatives to immigrate to Canada nay KENEEDAAA.

Today Canadian Sikhs who hate India are more than 2.02 % of the total population.

Can you believe this ? 

In late 1919, the British government got their loyal Sikh stooges to present a Saropa (Robe of Honour) to Lieutenant Governor of the Punjab , Sir Francis O'Dwyer who endorsed  General Reginald Dyer's action regarding the Jallianwala Bagh massacre and termed it a "correct action—he was later assassinated by Udham Singh.




He was given the Saropa in Harimandar Sahib -- a man who cheered the massacre of hundreds of innocent unarmed Hindus and Sikhs on Baisakhi day of 1919.  



So this is the meaning of fu#ckin' 

honour, right?





ARE WE A GRATEFUL RACE?





Maharaja Ranjit Singhs mighty empire went to the dogs , just because of a woman.   

Maharani Jindan Kaur’s  lover ( the biological father of Maharaja Duleep Singh )  Lal Singh and PM Gulab Singh did NOT see eye to eye.  She kept needlessly interfering in political affairs.  She dismissed PM  Gulab Singh and made her lover Lal Singh the Prime Minister on 26 February, 1847.



If you take stock—

Mahabharata war happened due to a vain Draupadi  laughing loudly and sarcastically when guest King Duryodhana fell in the pool -- 




--and Ramayana due to Sita refusing to come back from Sri Lanka with Hanuman ( Rama's ring episode ) as per her husband Lord Rama’s wishes., 



I guess my fonts are getting bigger .

If I proceed exhuming bitter truths any further -- it will cause a heart ache to desh bhakt Sikhs who are the ornaments of India.  This post which is already 137 A4 size sheets,  will go past 2000.

Let it be !

OK, some examples to whet your appetite?


When the Khatris, Ahluwalia’s , Aroras etc heard about the land bounty for Sikhs , there was a mad scramble again to CONVERT their first born sons into Sikhs.   Rest of the sons were called Monas  .



Rothschild  favoured Sunder Singh Lyallpuri of the Sikh Reform Movement .  A lot was written how much the British hated him ( all bull ) .  He was directly responsible for the Anand Marriage Act, where if you are NOT a 5K Sikh you cannot marry by the Anand Karaj ceremony.

For giving good co-operation his father Lakmir S Sandha was given free and canal  irrigated fertile lands  in the new Bar Chenab colony (Faisalabad ). 


But equations changed after the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre of 13 April 1919, and the British took back the donated lands and jailed Lyallpuri .   .  


Till Hindu Banda came on the scene as a leader the tactics were HIT AND RUN,  KACHA UDHAKE .    For banda it was DUSHMAN KA GHAR KE ANDAR GHUSKE MAARO.

The first born were told by their greedy parents to put a cloth ball on top of their the heads to look like a tied up hair bun,  tie a turban and growa beard -- and added Singh to their names .   They also joined the free British zamin aur maal party.

Initially at the time of Guru Nanak , Singh meant devotee .   There was NO lion meaning till Guru Gobind Singh alluded to it.   Only later it became synonymous to lion.

15026 names of Gods appeared in the original Adi Granth.  Out of this Hari or Vishnu was  mentioned 8009 times and Lord Rama 2531 times..

Master Tara Singh was the founder of Vishwa Hindu Parishad-- so what is this man all about ? Is he nuts?? .

Maharaja Ranjit Singh gold plated the Kashinath Vishwanath temple and asked Shah Shuja ruler of Kabil to stop killing cows if he wanted to be his ally..


BHARAT MATA KI JAI !!!!



VANDE MATARAM  - play this video below with headphones .


This is a hymn to the Mother Land (  "I bow to thee, Mother" ).  Unknown and unsung heroes sang this song in public and were sent to Kaala Pani ( overseas Cellular jail at Andamans ) by the British rulers .   This song  played a vital role in the Indian independence movement. 

Last month we had a Muslim MP walking away from Parliament when this song was sung.  

He is Muslim first and then a Paki. The singer AR Rahman , is a Indian first and then a Muslim.

Punch into Google search-

GANESH BABARAO SAVARKAR, AN UNSUNG HERO OF INDIA VADAKAYIL


Some Sikhs waving Pakistani flags during an India Pakistan cricket match were identified by Indian security agencies as Babbar Khalsa Khalistanis who recruit from ex-military servicemen and police officers--and are funded by ISI of Pakistan.   

Babbar Khalsa is suspected by the Punjab police authorities to be responsible for a bombing at the Shingar Cinema Complex in Ludhiana on October 2007, in which 7 people were killed and 32 wounded.



To the misled Khalistani Sikh youth, I wish to tell them this.  

You can take your religion everywhere, but spirituality ( peace inside the heart ) lies in the watan –the mitti-- of your forefathers,  who lived in Punjab area since antiquity.   

Use your conscience when deciding for your children.

In another 20 years India will be No 1 superpower on this planet.  

Mother India’s arms are open to take her alienated children (driven astray by the cunning white invader man ) in.  

Don’t miss the chance .   

Dr Jagjit Singh Chauhan showed great wisdom when he preferred to die in India.  

He died on April 4, 2007, aged 78 at his native village Tanda in Hoshiarpur District of Punjab.
********************************************************************
NEED FOR SPEED FOR THAT ADRENALINE RUSH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above video:  My elder son at the Las Vegas track.  Check out how easily 007's Aston Martin is overtaken.


LAS VEGAS EXOTIC MOTOR SPEEDWAY FOR  THE ADRENALINE JUNKIE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

My elder son flies off on week ends to Las Vegas to race at the Las Vegas race tracks.

Usually he prefers the amazing Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4 , and the Nissan GT-R , both raging beasts on the race track . On the straights both give 145 MPH.  One mile is 1.61 kilometres.

Wanna see what a beast the  Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4 can be?  

The Aventador is pure bull-inspired awesomeness. 

Its 700 HP, V12 and F1-inspired carbon fiber monocoque provide vicious acceleration, sublime steering, and gives incredible handling pleasure. 

Its unmatched visual presence is the cynosure of all eyes..

Check out the video below .



Soccer player Christiano Ronaldo owns one which cost 600, 000 US dollars.  At Las Vegas you pay 499 USD to take 5 laps in 4 minutes .

The money is well spent , as it gives an incredible adrenaline rush, which last for hours.  This a  natural drug boost--, NO external chemicals are involved.   

Later when you go to the casino to pay the roulette, the Craps or Black Jack, you feel like ze king.

No bungee jump can come near this adrenaline rush

Last week end he tried out the Ferrari 458 Italia.  The car steers like a baby coupled with advanced E-Diff and F1-Trac traction control systems.  You can steer the Ferrari 458 Italia with one hand ,  which is impossible on the brutal Lamborghini Aventador.

The sporty Ferrari Italia accelerates to 100 km/ hr in just 3.4 seconds.    It has small aeroelastic winglets generate downforce .  The front grille features deformable winglets that lower at high speeds, in order to offer reduced drag and increased downforce.

Few weeks ago ar Suzuka, the 350,000 Dollar Ferrari 458 Italia was traveling at speeds in excess of 150mph when the tires lost grip around a turn, slamming the car driven by Shigeru Terajima , head-first into a safety barrier.  

The car, however, was picked off the track with shovels and a backhoe, as the super car basically disintegrated .

Check out the video yourself .



Till today nobody has figured out how the trouble free Ferrari Italia crashed.  Let me tell you this has happened due to an overheated engine freeze .

At Las Vegas you get the unique opportunity to drive and race with others -- Ferraris,  Lamborghinis,  Aston Martins,  Porsches, McLarens,  Audis,  Mercedes and Nissans on a proper race track...

They provide everything, the  supercars, racetrack, instructors, insurance and helmets.  

Every car has its signature feel.

You get to feel the brute power of  hundreds of horsepower at your fingertips , the astonishing G-Force pressure on a curve , the whiplash from a high-speed gear change, the smell and squeal of burning rubber and hear the scream of a marvelous high RPM engine.

The professional race driver sitting with you gives you a re-assuring feeling. He makes sure that you are safe in overtaking situations . He helps you to squeeze out more from the unique experience. 

The Exotics racing experience is anyday more thrilling then the Vegas roller coasters , the gambling casinos and the girly entertainment shows.

Here is a guaranteed adrenaline rush as opposed to the risks and stress of gambling.  How else can you ever get behind the wheel of a rare and super expensive  car?

  --in your dreams?  

Have you not been thrilled as a small boy playing with such supercar plastic toys ?

They help you to position the car in the right place on the track to set it up correctly for upcoming turns— it  aint at all about nag nag nag back seat driving.

While you race faaaast there is an exciting, pleasurable effect produced when the adrenal glands dump a large dose of adrenaline into the bloodstream.  The adrenaline rush usually occurs when the body senses danger, the "Fight or Flight" moment. 

Your heart rate increases, pleasure-giving endorphins are released by the pituitary gland and your breathing rate ramps up.  The result of all this extra oxygen, energy and hormones is the adrenaline high, a euphoric feeling that can last for hours.

Beats bungee jumping, wave surfing, rock climbing and even bull fighting – 

-- or even mindless tomato throwing or pretending to run before drugged bulls as one Bollywood movie with Katrina Kaif and Hritik Roshan was trying to scam us into. 



You need severe lack of imagination to derive any joy out of throwing tomatoes like retarded dorks.  

Rather you need to be a prick of the first order. 




Adrenaline is a hormone and a neurotransmitter.. It regulates heart rate, blood vessel and air passage diameters, and metabolic shifts.

Adrenaline (epinephrine) is  released is a crucial component of the fight-or-flight response of the sympathetic nervous system.

The adrenal glands are found directly above the kidneys in the human body, and are roughly 3 inches in length. Along with norepinephrine and dopamine, it is a catecholamine, which is a group of hormones released in response to stress. These three hormones react with various body tissues, preparing the body to react physically to the stress causing situation.



When a person encounters a potentially dangerous situation, like seeing a cobra with read up hood in your bed room , the hypothalamus in the brain signals the adrenal glands to release adrenaline and other hormones directly into the bloodstream.  

The body's systems react to these hormones within seconds, giving the person a nearly instant physical boost.  Strength and speed both increase, while the body's ability to feel pain decreases.  This hormonal surge is ze  "adrenaline rush.".  This hormone causes heightened awareness and increased respiration.

When there is stress but no actual danger, a person can be left feeling restless and irritable. This is partly because adrenaline causes the body to release glucose, raising blood sugar, and giving the body energy that has no outlet.  High levels of adrenaline in the blood can lead to insomnia and jittery nerves, and are often an indicator of chronic stress.

I used to be Captain of fast container ships. Once the ship reaches the English Channel, the Captain cannot sleep.  There is heavy traffic , dense fog or bad weather.  Those days , in the early eighties there was no GPS and the radars were useless. 



Then there are long river passages with very short distance between the sea ports like London, Amsterdam, Antwerp, Hamburg, Bremen, Rotterdam.  

The port stay is a few hours and I need to take my wife out for a shore leave jaunt too.  Sometimes for three full days the Captain cannot sleep at all.  

I have noticed that fatigue is only on the first day. The remaining two days I am alert. 

Then finally when the ship comes out of the English Channel and plunges into the Atlantic enroute New York, the Captain must indeed sleep.  

But he cannot sleep as his body is supercharged with CORTISOL, even after taking some alcohol.



You just toss and turn in bed. 


The stress system relies on two key hormones: adrenaline and cortisol.  

Cortisol is a steroid hormone,  produced by the adrenal glands.  During the stress response, massive levels of cortisol are released by the adrenal glands to provide us with more energy.

Too much cortisol can suppress the immune system, suppress pain, increase blood pressure and sugar, decrease libido, loss of muscle mass ,  trigger insulin resistance, increase sugar and carbohydrate cravings   and contribute to obesity ( fat deposits on the belly ) and IMPAIR SLEEP.





Adrenaline works in the short term, while cortisol has large momentum and works in the long term.  Just as your levels of adrenaline start coming down, so rises the amount of cortisol flowing through your veins.  




Moreover, cortisol has a much larger momentum than adrenaline, which means that even though it builds up slowly, it also takes a long time to go back to normal.  



And should you constantly be engaging in activities which require adrenaline, so will your levels of cortisol slowly increase.
.

When a a threat is perceived, a signal is sent to the brain. The brain then sends nerve impulses to the adrenal gland in the kidneys.  When the nerve signal reaches the adrenal gland, chromaffin cells, in the medulla of the adrenal gland, release epinephrine.

Epinephrine then enters the bloodstream. It is thus carried around the body to cells in various locations, where it initiates several responses.

Despite initiating several different responses, epinephrine’s effects have a collective purpose – to provide INSTANT energy so that the major muscles of the body can respond to the perceived threat.



An adrenaline rush has given mothers the super human strength to lift cars from over their dead children.
In school I used to get kicked on my shins while playing soccer. Till the game is over it does NOT pain. For once the adrenaline wears off, you'll be able to feel the pain .

At the same time it is a paradox that your vision to your touch, your senses will be dramatically heightened when you are undergoing an adrenaline rush.  Because everything happens so fast during an adrenaline rush, your breathing and your heart rate will jump suddenly. 

Your blood pressure will also go up, and you may even start to sweat to prevent your muscles from getting overworked during an adrenaline rush. 

Nutrients are released to sustain muscular activity and blood flow is regulated away from less important organs to the muscles to prepare for a fight. The body keeps up this preparation until it no longer feels threatened.  

An initial rush of adrenaline makes you feel empowered, like you can conquer the world.  The decrease in adrenaline afterwards is known as the adrenaline crash, and this can make you feel anxious or even negative. Those who suffer from depression have been found to experience an extremely drastic drop in adrenaline. After a marriage celebration you can usually see everybody pooped .

Caffeine is the most widely used drug in the world. Most  morning  coffee drinkers don't realize it, but their morning cups of coffee set their bodies up for a rollercoaster day of highs and lows, only to bottom out at the point of exhaustion.  

Just a few hours after consumption, when the artificial high dies down, many people may reach for more coffee or something sugary to get another lift, leading to daily fluctuations in energy and alertness, and possibly to eventual chronic adrenal exhaustion.  

The excessive caffeine consumption has simply pushed your adrenal glands so much that they've burned out.  Caffeine affects your body just like any drug. You start taking it slowly, but as your body develops a tolerance to it, you need more and more to feel the same effects. 

Caffeine increases the stimulating neurohormone, noradrenaline, and reduces the calming neurotransmitter, serotonin. Caffeine also stimulates the production of norepinephrine, another stress hormone that acts directly on the brain and nervous system. Caffeine works by making an ass out of a hormone that tells the adrenal glands to crank out more adrenaline. 

Like caffeine  nicotine too overstimulate the adrenal glands. Caffeine can have a detrimental effect on blood sugar. When caffeine is ingested, the nervous system is stimulated. Adrenaline is released and, in turn, the liver begins to emit stored blood sugar. Insulin is then released, and blood sugar drops below normal—a common seizure trigger for people with epilepsy.  

Caffeine also constricts  blood vessels in the brain.  Caffiene stimulates the release of stored sugar from the liver—same thing what coca cola does. Avoid caffeine -- it increases the stress hormones and adrenaline, which causes a spike in blood sugar.  These quick-fix solutions to lagging energy and poor mood fuel your fatigue and depression and aggravate food craving. 

Caffeinism usually combines physical addiction with a wide range of debilitating effects, most notably anxiety, irritability, mood swings, sleep disturbance, depression, and fatigue. Caffeine does not provide energy—only chemical stimulation. The perceived "energy" comes from the body's struggle to adapt to increased blood levels of stress hormones.  


Caffeine is the Trojan horse.  

It looks like a gift but instead delivers adrenal stress, low blood sugar, mood and energy swings, fatigue, depression, malnutrition, and disturbed sleep. 

Caffeine depletes the body of B vitamins, which you need for proper brain and nervous system functioning and for converting food to energy. with caffeine, we don't provide the glands anything to make that hormone out of—we just cry "emergency" and force them to figure it out, one way or another. So the body reaches down into its reserves and makes more hormone because it thinks it is the right thing to do. 

Caffeine forces your glands to secrete when they don't have much left to give, and they have to keep digging deeper and deeper, making you more and more tired over time. Caffeine is clearly addictive.


Although Starbucks notes that the caffeine levels of these drinks may vary, they are listed on the Starbucks website as:

Short - 180 mg
Tall - 260 mg
Grande - 330 mg
Venti - 415 mg

Experts consider 200-300 mg of caffeine a day to be a moderate amount for adults. But consuming as little as 100 mg of caffeine a day can lead a person to become "dependent" on caffeine.



Punch into google search –

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DOES NOT DRINK STARBUCKS COFFEE

Grace and peace!

 

Put your head phones on.   

These 31 Sanskrit slokas on Life Management ,  were penned by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.   

This is the fantastic Hindu religion that the converted Indian Muslims and Christians ran away from-- and allowed their Indian souls to be harvested  by invaders –

-- for fear of the bloody sword 



-- and love for immoral sops.




LET  THE  JOURNEY  BEGIN -----

Sloka translations :-

Verse 1: ~~~~~~
BHAJA GOVINDAM, BHAJA GOVINDAM
GOVINDAM BHAJA MUDHAMATE
SAMPRAAPTE SANNIHITE KALE
NA HI NA HI RAKSHATI DUKRINKARANE

Worship the Spirit, worship the Spirit, seek Govinda , O Ignoramus !  Hark - when death finally arrives at your door , these useless rules of grammer  ( atheist madhumati pursuits ) which you are now trying to cram and master , cannot salvage you at all..


Verse 2: ~~~~~~
MOODHA JAHEEHI DHANAAGAMATRISHNAAM
KURU SADBUDHIM MANASI VITRISHNAAM
YALLABHASE NIJAKARMOPAATHAM
VITHAM TENA VINODAYA CHITHAM


Oh, Fool! abandon your insatiable greed for material possessions; be sensible and develop serenity and contentment.  Be free from passion and be content with whatever you may earn by the sweat of your brow and whatever has destiny marked for your lot.


Verse 3: ~~~~~~

NAAREE STHANABHARA NABHEEDESAM
DHRISHTWA MAA GAA MOHAVESAM
YETAN MAAMSAVASAADI VIKAARAM
MANASI VICHINTHAYA VAARAM VAARAM


Enticed by the navel and cleavage of a woman, do not lose your senses; her body is nothing but a conglomeration of flesh,  dwell and reflect over this wisdom .


Verse 4: ~~~~~~
NALINEEDALAGATHA JALAMATITHARALAM
TADWAJJEEVITAMATHISHAYA CHAPALAM
VIDDHI VYADHYABHIMAANAGRASTAM
LOKAM SHOKAHATAM CHA SAMASTHAM


The water droplet on the lotus leaf is tremulous and unsteady.  So too is life which is as uncertain.  Be aware that this world is stricken with disease and arrogance and afflicted with sorrow.



Verse 5: ~~~~~~
YAAVADVITTOPAARJANA SAKTHAH
TAAVANNIJAPARIVAARO RAKTHAH
PASCHAAJJEEVATI JARJARADEHE
VAARTHAM KOPI NA PRICHCHATHI GEHE


As long as you are able to acquire wealth , your kith and kin will follow you . But no sooner your body is worn out ,  limbs become infirm and your earnings cease, none will care for you,  or somuch as speak to you , not even your own home-folk.



Verse 6: ~~~~~~
YAAVATPAVANO NIVASATI DEHE
TAAVATPRICHCHATI KUSHALAM GEHE
GATAVATI VAAYO DEHAAPAAYE
BHAARYA BIBHYATI TASMINKAAYE


As long as there is life in your body, your people may have concern for you, but once the life-breath ebbs out of your body, even your own wife will fear that cadaver..


Verse 7: ~~~~~~
BAALASTAAVAT KREEDAA SAKTHAH
THARUNASTAAVAT THARUNEESAKTHAH
VRIDDHASTAAVAT CHINTHAASAKTHAH
PARASE BRAHMANI KOPI NA SAKTHA


As a child one is attached to play, as a youth one goes in pursuits of  love for women and wealth, as an old man one is drowned in worry  for the future. At no stage does man have time to lift his thoughts to the  supreme Brahman ( the morphogenetic consciousness field )


Verse 8: ~~~~~~
KAA TE KAANTAA KASTE PUTHRAH
SAMSAROYAMATEEVA VICHITRAH
KASYA TWAM KAH KUTHA AAYAATAH
TATWAM CHINTHAYA TADIHA BHARATAH


Who is your wife?  Who is your son?  Who belongs to whom?  Strange indeed are these bonds. Where have you come from? O brother, ponder  and reflect on the truth of it all.


Verse 9: ~~~~~~
SATSANGATWE NISSANGATWAM
NISSANGATWE NIRMOHATWAM
NIRMOHATWE NISCHALATATWAM
NISCHALATATWE JEEVANMUKTHIH


The company of the good weans one away from false attachments; when attachment is lost, delusion ends; when delusion ends, the mind becomes unwavering and steady.  An unwavering and steady mind is merited for Jeevan Mukti ( liberation even in this life ).



Verse 10: ~~~~~~~
VAYASI GATE KAH KAMAVIKARAH
SHUSHKE NEERE, KAH KAASAARAH
KSHEENE VITHE KAH PARIVARO
GYNATE TATWE KAH SAMASARAH


When the youth is gone, where is lust and its sensual play?  Where is the lake when its waters have dried up?  Where are the kinsfolk when riches are gone ?  When Truth is realised, where is the snare of Samsara ( the material world ) ?


Verse 11: ~~~~~~~
MAA KURU DHANAJANAYOUVANAGARVAM
HARATI NIMESHAATKAALAH SARWAM
MAAYAAMAYAMIDAMAKHILAM HITHWA
BRAHMAPADAM TWAM PRAVISHA VIDITWA

Do not be arrogant about your wealth, pleasures , following or youth. These are all deceptively transient and Time removes them all in an instant.  Having understood that all this is illusive, be detached, understand and seek  BrahmAn.( supreme consciousness )



Verse 12: ~~~~~~~
DINAYAAMINYOU SAAYAM PRAATAH
SHISHIRAVASANTOW PUNARAAYAATAH
KAALAH KREEDATI GACHCHATYAAYUH
TADAPI NA MUNCHATHYAASAAVAAYUH

Day and night, dusk and dawn, winter and spring come again and again. Time frolics and befools us , while life span is running out steadily .  Yet we keep clinging to our desires 


Verse 13: ~~~~~~~
KAA TE KAANTAA DHANAGATACHINTAA
VAATULA KIM TAVA NAASTI NIYANTAA
TRIJAGATI SAJJANASANGATIREKAA
BHAVATI BHAVAARNAVATARANE NOUKAA

Why do you worry so much about wife and wealth?  O confused one, why don’t you seek the truth ?  Know that in these three worlds only the company of the holy and good acts as a safe boat to cross the ocean of  worldly existence.


Verse 14: ~~~~~~~
JATILO MUNDI LUNCHITAKESHAH
KAASHAAYAAMBARA BAHUKRITAVESHAH
PASYANNAPI CHA NA PASYATI MOODHO
HIUDARANIMITAM BAHUKRITAVESHAH


The ascetic with matted locks, the man with the shaven head or one with hair pulled out, or the man parading in the ochre robes -- they all have eyes but yet do not see. All these are but mere deceptions for cheating the world, for filling their bellies.   -- ( Renunciation does not lie in external appearance, but in inward thought, attitude and feeling ).



Verse 15: ~~~~~~~
ANGAM GALITAM PALITAM MUNDAM
DASANAVIHEENAM JAATAM TUNDAM
VRIDHDHO YAATI GRIHEETWA DANDAM
TADAPI NA MUNCHATYAASHAAPINDAM


With worn-out body, grey hair, toothless mouth, the bent with age old man walks with the aid of a stick.  Yet he will not loosen even a wee bit his clutch on the bundle of desires.



Verse 16: ~~~~~~~
AGRE VAHNIH PRISHTE BHAANUH
RAATHROW CHUBUKASAMARPITAJAANUH
KARATALABHIKASHAS TARUTALAVAASAH
TADAPI NA MUNCHATYAASHAAPAASAH

With fire in front and sun behind, with knees tucked into the chin at night,  receiving bhiksha (alms) in his open palms, homeless - living under trees,  even then the bundle of desires does not go.


Verse 17: ~~~~~~~
KURUTE GANGAASAAGARAGAMANAM
VRATAPARIPAALANAMATHAVAA DAANAM
JNANAVIHEENAH SARVAMATENA
MUKTIM NA BHAJATI JANMASATENA

One may have bathed at the holy confluence ( Ganga Sagar )  where the Ganga enters the ocean, he may have observed vows  and done charity,  yet unless one has glimpsed the Truth ( brahmAn ) he will not obtain liberation even in a hundred re-incarnated lives .



Verse 18: ~~~~~~~
SURAMANDIRA TARUMOOLA NIVAASAH
SAIYAA BHOOTALAMAJINAM VAASAH
SARVAPARIGRAHA BHOGATYAAGAH
KASYA SUKHAM NA KAROTI VIRAAGAH

Who can disturb the peace and inner happiness of a man if he has the true spirit of renunciation ,  controlled his desires,  even if he be the poorest, sleeping in the temple halls , under trees or on the bare open ground and just with a deer skin to cover.



Verse 19: ~~~~~~~
YOGARATO VAA BHOGARATO VAA
SANGARATO VAA SANGAVIHEENAH
YASYA BRAHMANI RAMATE CHITHAM
NANDATI NANDATI NANDATYEVA

Whether one is devoted to yoga (spiritual practice) or delighting in bhoga (sense indulgence), or enjoying in pleasurable company or has retired into solitude, only the one whose mind rejoices and revels inward in Brahman can be truly happy and can exult in joy within his heart.



Verse 20: ~~~~~~~
BHAGAVADGEETA KINCHIDADHEETAA
GANGAAJALALAVAKANIKAA PEETAA
SAKRIDAPI YENA MURARISAMARCHAA
KRIYATE TASYA YAMENA NA CHARCHA

One who has studied the Bhagavad Gita, sipped even a drop of Ganga water, has worshipped Murari (Krishna) just once, does not meet with Yama ( lord of death ).


Verse 21: ~~~~~~~
PUNARAPI JANANAM PUNARAPI MARANAM
PUNARAPI JANANEE JATARE SAYANAM
IHA SAMSAARE BAHUDUSTAARE
KRIPAYAA(A)PAARE PAAHI MURARE

Undergoing the pangs of birth , passing though the throes of death and sleeping in a mother's womb over and over again ( re-incarnation ) – this samsara (world) is unfathomable and hard to cross over. O Murari (Krishna), protect me by your grace.


Verse 22: ~~~~~~~
RATHYAACHARPATA VIRACHITAKANTHAH
PUNYAAPUNYA VIVARJITAPANTHAH
YOGEE YOGANIYOJITACHITHO
RAMATE BAALONMATTAVADEVA

Wearing patched up rags , the yogi treading the path free from punya (virtue) and apunya (vice), with mind focused on yoga (union), revels in the Supreme and rejoices like a child, lost to outward norms..


Verse 23: ~~~~~~~
KASTWAM KOHAM KUTA AAYAATAH
KAA ME JANANEE KO ME TAATAH
ITI PARIBHAVAYA SARVAMASAARAM
VISWAM TYAKTWAA SWAPNAVICHAARAM


Who are you? Who am I? From where have I come? Who is my mother? Who is my father? Contemplate over this, setting aside the whole unsubstantial worrisome world,  which is just an imaginary dream,  a delusional hallucination .


Verse 24: ~~~~~~~
TWAYI MAYI CHAANYATRAIKO VISHNUH
VYARTHAM KUPYASI MAYYASAHISHNUH
BHAVA SAMACHITTAH SARVATRA TWAM
VANCHHASYASHIRAADYADI VISHNUTWA

There is only one Vishnu in you, me and everywhere else. Mistakenly you get ill-disposed and impatient with me in vain.  Become equanimous in all situations  and discard your ego if you want to reach the state of Unity.



Verse 25: ~~~~~~~
SATROU MITRE PUTRE BANDHOU
MAA KURU YATNAM VIGRAHASANDHOU
SARVASMINNAPI PASYAATMAANAM
SARVATROTSRIJA BHEDAAJNYANA

Do not look at anybody in stereotyped terms of friend or foe,  ( either you are with  me or you are against me – President "stupid" Bush ) brother or cousin; do not fritter away your mental energies in thoughts of friendship or enemity.  See the self everywhere, in everything. 


Verse 26: ~~~~~~~
KAAMAM KRODHAM LOBHAM MOHAM
TYAKTWAA TMAANAM PASHYATI SOHAM
AATMAJNANA VIHEENAA MUDAAH
TE PASYANTE NARAKANIGOODAAH


Renounce and free yourself from lust, anger, greed and delusion.  Contemplate on 'who you are'. Enquire within yourself, who am I?  The fools who fail to apprehend the Self are caught in hell-fire even here and now itself and suffer torture.



Verse 27: ~~~~~~~
GEYAM GEETAANAAMASAHASRAM
DHYEYAM SHREEPATIROOPAMAJASRAM
NEYAM SAJJANASANGE CHITTAM
DEYAM DEENAJANAAYA CHA VITTAM

Recite the Gita; chant the thousand Names of the lord ( Vishnu Sahasranama ), meditate ceaselessly on the Consort of the and Lord, Lakshmi ( Lalita Sahasranama ) ; lead the mind towards association with the good.  Give your wealth in charity to those in need and who are poor.



Verse 28: ~~~~~~~
SUKHATAH KRIYATE RAAMAABHOGAH
PASCHADDHANTA SHAREERE ROGAH
YADYAPI LOKE MARANAM SARANAM
TADAPI NA MUNJCHATI PAAPAACHARANAM

As readily as one takes to indulging in carnal pleasures, with the same readiness, alas, he is taken over by disease too. One delights in carnal pleasure. Later the body gets diseased.  Even though death is inevitable in this world , one does not give up sinful behavior.


Verse 29: ~~~~~~~
ARTHAMANARTHAM BHAAVAYA NITHYAM
NAASTI TATAH SUKHALESAH SATHYAM
PUTHRAADAPI DHANABHAAJAAM BHEETIH
SARVATRAISHA VIHITA REETIH

It is wealth only that causes all harm and brings about one's ruin. Bear this truth in mind always. Know that the pursuit of wealth does not lead one to happiness at all. The rich fear and are even afraid of their own sons ( like all Mughal Emperors ) .  This is how it is ordained everywhere.


Verse 30: ~~~~~~~
PRAANAAYAAMAM PRATYAAHAARAM
NITYAANITYA VIVEKAVICHAARAM
JAAPYASAMETA SAMAADHIVIDHAANAM
KURVAVADHAANAM MAHADAVADHAANAM

Regulated breathing and sense control, discrimination between the enduring and the fleeting, the eternal and the transient,  practice of japa and meditation leading to inner silence,  submerging in the Consciousness of the Spirit, -- one must practice these with unrelenting fervour.


Verse 31: ~~~~~~~
GURUCHARANAAMBUJA NIRBHARABHAKTHAH
SAMSAARAADACHIRAADHAVA MUKTHAH
SENDRIYA MAANASA NIYAMAADEVAM
DRAKSHYASI NIJAHRIDAYASTHAM DEVAM

Surrender yourself to the Lotus Feet of the Guru; with your senses and mind disciplined, and freed from the shackles of Samsara --you will soon behold the supreme spirit ensconsed in your own heart.

YIKES  !!!!!
********************************************************************
ALLERGY , THE OVERKILL RESPONSE OF SQUEAMISH IMMUNE SYSTEM – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
POOR QUALITY OF LIFE,  ALLERGIC RHINITIS,  ASTHMA,  BRONCHITIS,  ANTIHISTAMINES,  FOOD ALLERGENS,  ANAPHYLAXIS,  BRONCODILATOR AND  CORTISTERIOD INHALERS  ,  IMMUNOTHERAPY— CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 

  





Seventeen years ago, my Chemical tanker was at anchor off a port in Venezuela.   We were to berth a 3 AM.   It was nearing midnight and I went to sleep with my wife and two sons, light out in my cabin.

Suddenly the phone rang.  

On saying HULLO all I could hear was some funny croaking sound.  

Nobody would dare to give a crank call to I, the Captain.

On a hunch I jumped out of bed , wore my robe and doubled up  to the Chief Officers cabin with the Master key.

What I saw there stunned me.

He was lying on the floor, with his face swollen, body full of rashes and hives.   His heart was still beating very feebly , but he had no breath.  

His epiglottis had slammed shut. 





The epiglottis is a flap of tissue that sits at the base of the tongue that keeps food from going into the trachea (windpipe) during swallowing.  When it becomes  inflamed, it can swell and obstruct or close off the windpipe, which will be fatal unless promptly treated.

He has used the hard split skin of his heel to scratch his legs and there was blood everywhere.

Immediately I called up the bridge and called the Third Mate down.  He came in 10 seconds.  I told him to administer single man CPR .

Then I went racing down to the hospital and opened out the hospital with the Master key .  The medicine locker was in a mess and I had told the Second Mate to take a fresh inventory with locations and expiry dates , just the previous day.

Using my gut feeling,  I opened out a drawer and there lay Chlorpheneramine Maleate injection.  I opened the next drawer and there lay disposable injection tubes.   There would have been Epinephrine injection in some other drawer, but I had zilch time at my disposal --  brain damage to Chief Officer was just around the corner.

Grabbing both I raced back to Chief Officers cabin.

I told Third Mate to pull his shorts down and plunged the needle with the drug into his right buttock.  Pretty soon Chief Officer started breathing again and opened his red eyes.

I then told the Filipino Third mate ( Bong ) to keep a watch , and inform me as soon as he starts talking.
Pretty soon I got a call and I went back to the cabin.


I told him “ You were having severe Anaphylaxis , considering the lack of blood clotting , probably due to a Venezuelan moth of the family of Hylesia Metabus”

He agreed. He said that he had gone to the forecastle to check the anchor before going to sleep,and he found lot of Moths flying around the forward mast floodlights . The wind was fresh and there were some dead moths on the forecastle decks too.

Seeing him look sheepishly at the Third Mate who was finding it difficult to control his laughter, I send him away back to the bridge.

So I asked him “ Do you know why he cannot stop laughing”

Bihari Bhaiyya Chief Officer replied  “  When you pulled down my shorts you exclaimed –  WHAT A BIG BLACK FAT ASS.   Kya kareega saab, I am fond of eating lot of beef and mutton ” .

To be frank I did NOT realize that I had indeed said that , and then we both had a good laugh.

Surprise-- he was on the forecastle to pick up the anchor at 4 AM,  to berth , though I had told the Second Mate NOT to wake him up.





Above: I just found this picture , so I scanned it.   

The Filipino Third mate Bong is squatting on the extreme left hand side.  Standing behind him in grey boiler suit is Chief Officer.   

On his left hand side is my elder son.   Right behind him is a sailor is carrying my younger son.  

How time flies !! 


How many of you have ever saved a man’s life.  My count is nine.  It is a good feeling. 




Above : This picture was on the same day .






Now I am in the mood to break a few bombshells.

The Yanks are wondering why they are being affected by allergies and Asthma so much lately.  

Since the past 60 years , the allergies had increased SIX fold due to ONE single UNKNOWN factor.

The Yank woman cannot have natural deliveries anymore as her pelvic muscles are weak,  due to the easy life style .   She does NOT want to walk or sit on her haunches anymore.   

She even does NOT want to breast feed her baby.  For if her tits sag then her husband might divorce here. For the relationship is based on lust rather than compromise, sense of belonging and trust. They make elaborate affidavits before tying the knot. 

Exclusively breastfeeding your baby for at least six months can greatly reduce her risk of developing food allergies later in life.

Both my sons were natural deliveries , and this is part of our culture.   

There are significant differences in the gut bacteria found in infants born surgically and naturally . Babies delivered by Caesarean miss out on protective bugs that could help prevent a host of disorders in childhood and later life.  

With modern techniques of DNA sequencing technology it is possible to investigate the gut bacterial composition of the babies, a technique that allows detection of virtually all the bugs present.  

Caesarian born babies lack a specific group of bacteria, which found in babies delivered naturally, even if they were breastfed. gut bacteria play a role in stimulating the immune system.

Because Caesarian born babies are not exposed to beneficial bacteria in the birth canal, they might take longer to accumulate good bugs, which delays exposure to microbes that kick start the immune system. 

They do NOT get the much needed exposure  to microorganisms that a baby receives in its mother’s birth canal  for establishing immunity to allergies later on in life.  

See God does NOT miss out a thing.  

Lot of must have wondered right— CHEE CHEE why do we have to be born from such a dirty smelly orifice?  

The gut is our biggest immune organ, so anything that affects the ecology of the gut is likely to have a strong impact on our bodies.

And the West has been tom-tomming that Caesarean is a Western discovery –nay- invention.
Nothing is further than the truth as the ancient Susruta Samhita and the Charaka Samhita  both explain surgical birth in great detail 6200 years ago.  A surgical baby has a different pattern of gut bacteria than a baby born vaginally.


Babies  born by cesarean section are six times more likely to be sensitive to dust mite allergens than babies born naturally.  The Babies who are born via C-section have a different microbiome in their gastrointestinal tract.  A microbiome is what scientists use to describe the bacteria communities that reside in humans, whether it's in our mouths, on our skin or in our digestive system.

In human beings, bacterial cells outnumber human cells 10 to 1. These bacteria are important -- we couldn't exist without them.

In the womb, babies are sterile.  When they go through the birth canal, they get exposed to the entire bacteria population of their mother's vaginal and GI microbiomes.  Through this exposure, their own immune systems learn the difference between good and bad bacteria -- i.e. what to fight off and what to use.

Babies born through C-section have bacteria in their gut that more closely resembles their mother's skin microbiome.  Eventually their digestive bacteria normalize, but that delay could give allergen exposure time to develop into a sensitivity.

Punch into Google search--

 FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

Also exclusively bottle-fed babies also had significant differences in their gut bacteria .

GM food products and processed foods have also contributed to the squeamishness of the immune system—causing a wide range of allergies..

The biotech industry is fond of saying that they offer genetically modified (GM) crops that resist pests. This might conjure up the image of insects staying away from GM crop fields.  But “resisting pests” is just a euphemism for contains its own built-in pesticide.

When bugs take a bite of the GM plant, the toxin splits open their stomach and kills them. The idea that we consume that same toxic pesticide in every bite is hardly appetizing. But the biotech companies and the Environmental Protection Agency—which regulates plant produced pesticides—tell us not to worry. They contend that the pesticide called Bt (Bacillus thuringiensis) is produced naturally from a soil bacterium and has a history of safe use.

Organic farmers, for example, have used solutions containing the natural bacteria for years as a method of insect control.  Genetic engineers simply remove the gene that produces the Bt in bacteria and then insert it into the DNA of corn and cotton plants, so that the plant does the work, not the farmer.

Moreover, they say that Bt-toxin is quickly destroyed in our stomach; and even if it survived, since humans and other mammals have no receptors for the toxin, it would not interact with us in any case.

These arguments, however, are just that—unsupported assumptions. Research tells a different story.

People with compromised immune systems or pre-existing allergies may be particularly susceptible to the effects of GM food pesticide Bt,  Bacillus thuringiensis .  The Bt-toxin produced in GM crops is vastly different from the bacterial [Bt-toxins] used in organic farming .

GM plants produce about 3,000-5,000 times the amount of toxin as the sprays.  A Bt producing GM plant, on the other hand, continuously produces the toxin in every cell where it does not dissipate by weather and cannot be washed off.

The natural toxic produced in bacteria is inactive until it gets inside the alkaline digestive tract of an insect. Once inside, a “safety catch” is removed and the Bt becomes toxic. But scientists change the sequence the Bt gene before inserting it into GM plants.

The Bt toxin it produces usually comes without the safety catch. The plant-produced Bt toxin is always active and more likely to trigger an immune response than the natural variety.

The World Health Organization (WHO) and UN Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) offer criteria designed to reduce the likelihood that allergenic GM crops are approved. They suggest examining a protein for –
1) similarity of its amino acid sequence to known allergens,
2) digestive stability and
3) heat stability.

These properties aren’t predictive of allergenicity, but their presence, according to experts, should be sufficient to reject the GM crop .  The Bt-toxin produced in GM corn fails all three criteria.
GM foods are toxic.

Punch into Google search-

MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL


When particles of pollen, pet dander or certain types of food enter our bodies, they're called antigens. If your body has a sensitivity to that particle, it mistakes the harmless element for a dangerous invader.  Allergens cause your body to produce Immunoglobulin E, or IgE, antibodies.  

Antibodies are used to identify and destroy dangerous invaders.  Unfortunately, IgE antibodies also release histamine and other chemicals that can create an allergic reaction.

Since the past 20 years the West has been stealing our humped cows which give nutritious A2 milk and dumping their humpless cows which produce toxic A1 milk which causes a host of allergies.  Today all the foreign FDI in retail stores in India gives us only toxic A1 milk and milk products.

Punch into Google search-

NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS VADAKAYIL

There are 11 times more a food allergic reactions in 2013 that what existed 30 year ago with just processed foods . This happens when your body reacts to a food protein as a foreign invader (just like a virus or bacteria) which triggers an inflammatory response, the obvious question then becomes:

Is there something "Foreign" in our food today that wasn't there before?

Absolutely!

Processed foods in general can contribute to allergies for a number of different reasons. Most processed foods contain a variety of food colorings, flavors, preservatives, and other additives can have a major impact.  Till today NO human trials were ever conducted to see if these genetically engineered proteins were actually safe for human consumption.

Now you see why FDI in multibrand retail in third world countries is pushed by the West , to use the poor people of developing countries as guinea pigs. And sure enough our people have developed such severe allergies, that today a medical shop sells anti-allergic sprays , inhalers and tablets like hot cakes.


More than 6.6 million children in the US today have food allergies?  That’s more than a 430% increase in the last 20 years ! 

It all began in 1996, when genetically modified food started appearing on market schelves.

A1 milk , GM soya , GM peanuts etc

More than 80% of processed food in US  grocery store shelves today contain at least one genetically modified ingredient.  And they are keen to send it to India via FDI in multibrand retail, Walmart type superstores .

The top culprits are sugar beets (96% of sugar beets are GM),  soy (95% is GM), canola (92% is GM) and corn (89% is GM).  Purchase local meat and poultry directly from farmers that don’t use unnecessary antibiotics or GMO feed.


In 1994, the dairy industry started using a genetically engineered growth hormone, rBGH (recombinant bovine growth hormone) on cows in order to increase milk production. While Canada, the UK, Australia, New Zealand and 27 countries in Europe refused to use rBGH due to the fact that it had not been proven safe, the United States took the opposite stance, and basically decided that since it hadn't been proven dangerous, it would be allowed... 

Today USA knows that they have fu#ked it up.  

So in India we get subsidized milk products in our stores like Walmart.  

Allergy to A1 HUMPLESS cow’s milk is the most common food allergy in Indian infants and young children, as our co-operative milk societies have only humpless cow’s toxic A1 milk thanks to the celebrated “ milkman of India”  Kurian Verghese who got so many awards including the Magsaysay.. 

They are even thinking of making him Bharat Ratna.

WAH RAJA WAH !!!

Allergies are the result of the immune system's mistaken response to a harmless substance. Normally, the immune system stands guard and defends your body against intruders that can be dangerous to your health, such as viruses and bacteria. 

In some people, however, the immune system has difficulty distinguishing between the good guys (or, at least, the neutral guys) and the bad guys. 

Like a nervous rookie, or an upstart  it sees danger everywhere and overreacts. A hyper reactive immune system pulls out all the stops for substances that won't do you any actual harm, such as dust, pollen, and animal dander. These innocuous substances are called allergens.

Thousands of these antibodies bind to the surface of special cells in body tissue called mast cells, which then lie in wait for your next exposure to that specific allergen. While they are waiting, these mast cells absorb many different chemicals from the blood that will aid in the body's defense.  

They store these chemicals in tiny granules. When you're reexposed to the allergen, the allergen binds to the IgE antibodies on the surface of the mast cells, causing the mast cells to release the chemicals.

One of the major chemicals is histamine.  It is one of the biggest players in the allergic response system and causes many of the reactions, such as runny nose, sneezing, and itchy and watery eyes, that we describe as allergies.  

Most anti-allergy medications block the histamine from binding to its receptor and are called antihistamines . Allergy is basically an exaggerated response of the immune system. The immune system is the body's organized defense mechanism against foreign invaders, particularly infections.

Allergens are substances that are foreign to the body and can cause an allergic reaction.  Examples of allergens include pollens, dust mite, molds, danders, and foods.  Allergies can develop at any age. 



It is exaggerated because these foreign substances are usually seen by the body as harmless and no response occurs in non- allergic people.  Allergic people's bodies recognize the foreign substance as an enemy to be neutralized and one part of the immune system is turned on.

The reactions of your immune system are out of your control. Once your body becomes sensitive to a substance, your immune system will produce larges amounts of antibodies to fight what it sees as a dangerous intruder. 

The type of antibody most commonly found in allergic reactions is called Immunoglobulin E (IgE), but your body can produce a unique antibody for every type of allergen.  An allergy is a hypersensitivity disorder of the immune system. Immunotherapy uses injected allergens to desensitize the body's response.

Early exposure to antibiotics seems to disrupt the balance between harmful and helpful bacteria in the body, confusing the immune system and therefore increasing a child's risk of developing allergies. Avoiding unnecessary antibiotics for a child reduces the risk of developing food allergies.

A wide variety of foods can cause allergic reactions, but 90% of allergic responses to foods are caused by cow's milk, soy, eggs, wheat, peanuts, tree nuts, fish and shellfish. Lactose intolerance, a common reaction to milk, is not a form of allergy, but rather due to the absence of an enzyme in the digestive tract.

Allergic parents are more likely to have allergic children. The consumption of various foods during pregnancy has been linked to eczema; these include celery, citrus fruit, raw pepper, margarine, and GM vegetable oils  like Canola oil. 

Allergy symptoms are the result of the immune system reacting to an allergen. Persons who have developed an allergy are described as having become "sensitized".

The best way to treat allergy symptoms is to avoid allergens. This is easy to say but can be hard to do as completely eliminating microscopic allergens, such as pollen or mold spores, may be impossible.

The most common foods to cause allergic reactions in young children are milk, eggs, wheat, soy and peanuts. The most common foods to cause allergic reactions in adults are fish, shellfish, peanuts and tree nuts.  For adverse reactions to foods, which are not allergic in nature, antihistamines have little effectiveness.  Know the medicines used to treat food allergy reactions and carry them at all times.

The best way to treat drug allergy is to avoid the medication, since there is no cure for allergy. Antihistamines and steroids can be used to alleviate symptoms, but once a drug allergy is determined, the medication should be avoided.

The muscles around the bronchial tubes tighten during an attack of asthma. This muscle constriction of the airways is called bronchospasm. Bronchospasm causes the airway to narrow further .It  results in difficulty with breathing out, or exhaling. As a result, the air needs to be forcefully exhaled to overcome the narrowing.  


When you exhale, pressure increases in the lungs to cause exhalation- this also further constricts the bronchioles, however, making it harder to exhale. The pressure decreases again for inhalation, relieving the bronchioles and making it easier for the air to flow again. This is why wheezing is usually worse during exhalation.


People with allergic conditions such as food allergy, eczema, asthma and seasonal allergies or hay fever are NOT more likely to have drug allergies. The number of cases of asthma have tripled over the last 3 decades. 

Mild allergies like hay fever are very common in the human population and cause symptoms such as red eyes, itchiness, and runny nose, eczema, hives, or an asthma attack.

Bronchodilators are used to relieve the chest tightness and wheezing which are the immediate symptoms of asthma. They work by relaxing the smooth muscle of the airways of the lung. People suffering from occasional wheezing or tightness in the chest can safely use bronchodilators as a single therapy. 


In most people with asthma, the mucus glands in the airways produce excessive, thick mucus, which further obstructs the airways and causes coughing. Although the actual cause of asthma is not known, many studies have shown that several factors can lead to the development of asthma. 

These factors include a person's genetics, development and growth of the lungs and immune system, various infections and exposures in the environment.


Inflammation of the lining of the airways is the most common feature of asthma. When they are stimulated, certain cells lining the airways release chemical substances (mediators) that lead to inflammation.  This causes the airway lining to swell and narrow. The inflammation may last for hours, days or weeks following an episode.

In addition to the swelling that occurs as a result of inflammation, further airway obstruction sometimes occurs with asthma. Obstruction is caused by tightening of muscles that surround the airways. This is also called bronchospasm. Bronchospasm causes further narrowing of the inflamed airways. Inhaled quick-relief medications are generally very effective in reversing bronchospasm.

 Examples of severe asthma symptoms include: __
Severe coughing, wheezing, shortness of breath, or tightness in the chest 
Difficulty talking or concentrating 
Walking causes shortness of breath 
Breathing may be shallow and fast or slower than usual 
Hunched shoulders (posturing)
Nasal flaring (nostril size increases with breathing) 
Neck area and between or below the ribs moves inward with breathing (retractions) 
Gray or bluish tint to skin, beginning around the mouth (cyanosis)

While the majority of patients respond to regular inhaled glucocorticoid (steroid) therapy, some people are steroid resistant. These people do not respond to steroids at normal doses.

Cigarette smoke is a particularly serious asthma trigger - if you have asthma, do not allow smoking in your home or car and always look for non-smoking sections in public areas.

A variety of allergens can make asthma symptoms worse, but it is important to note that not all people with asthma have allergies. Common allergens include animal dander, saliva and urine from feathered or furry animals, dust mites (a major component of house dust in humid climates), cockroaches, mold, pollen, foods and medications.

Infections can also make asthma worse. Common cold viruses, respiratory infections, sinusitis, and influenza frequently cause an increase of asthma symptoms.

Some weather situations that may make asthma symptoms worse include extremely hot or cold temperatures, windy conditions, and changes in the humidity or barometric pressure.

Emotions do not cause asthma, but can make asthma worse because strong feelings can lead to changes in breathing patterns.  

If the chest symptoms are prolonged, bronchodilators like Salbutamol inhaler ( blue ) must be used in conjunction with an anti-allergic or corticosteroid inhaler ( brown ) , which will treat the longer-term inflammation that underlies recurrent attacks of asthma.



Allergic bronchitis is very different from non-allergic bronchitis.  In non-allergic bronchitis, the main causes of the illness are usually viruses or bacteria.  However, in allergic bronchitis, the main causes are allergens.  Mucus laboratory tests will determine whether you have bronchitis caused by virus, bacteria, or fungus infection.



Allergic bronchitis can occur as long as the person affected by this condition is exposed to the allergens. The symptoms of allergic bronchitis are shortness of breath, runny nose, red or swollen eyes, hyperventilation, rashes, tickling in throat, tight chest, persistent sneezing, coughing, headache, nausea, and other symptoms associated with asthma and allergies.



Many allergens such as dust or pollen are airborne particles.  In these cases, symptoms arise in areas in contact with air, such as eyes, nose, and lungs.  For instance, allergic rhinitis ( nasal allergy ) , also known as hay fever, causes irritation of the nose, sneezing, itching, and redness of the eyes.  

Inhaled allergens can also lead to asthmatic symptoms, caused by narrowing of the airways (bronchoconstriction) and increased production of mucus in the lungs, shortness of breath (dyspnea), coughing and wheezing.


Too much of air pollution and smoking is the cause of Bronchitis.  Bronchitis is an inflammation of the mucous membranes of the bronchi (the larger and medium-sized airways that carry airflow from the trachea into the more distal parts of the lung parenchyma).

Bronchitis can be divided into two categories: acute and chronic.

Acute bronchitis often occurs during the course of an acute viral illness such as the common cold or influenza. Viruses cause about 90% of acute bronchitis cases, whereas bacteria account for about 10%.

Chronic bronchitis,  is characterized by the presence of a productive cough that lasts for three months or more per year for at least two years.  Chronic bronchitis usually develops due to recurrent injury to the airways caused by inhaled irritants.  Cigarette smoking is the most common cause, followed by exposure to air pollutants such as sulfur dioxide or nitrogen dioxide.

Acute bronchitis is a self-limited infection of the lower respiratory tract causing inflammation of the bronchi. Acute bronchitis is an acute illness lasting less than three weeks with coughing as the main symptom, and at least one other lower respiratory tract symptom such as wheezing, sputum production, or chest pain.

Cough, a common symptom of acute bronchitis, develops in an attempt to expel the excess mucus from the lungs. Other common symptoms of acute bronchitis include: sore throat, shortness of breath, fatigue, runny nose, nasal congestion (coryza), low-grade fever, pleurisy, malaise, and the production of sputum

Acute bronchitis is most often caused by viruses that infect the epithelium of the bronchi, resulting in inflammation and increased secretion of mucus. Acute bronchitis often develops during an upper respiratory infection (URI) such as the common cold or influenza.  

About 90% of cases of acute bronchitis are caused by viruses, including rhinoviruses, coronaviruses, adenoviruses, metapneumovirus, parainfluenza virus, respiratory syncytial virus, and influenza.

Symptoms of chronic bronchitis may include wheezing and shortness of breath, especially upon exertion and low oxygen saturations. The cough is often worse soon after awakening and the sputum produced may have a yellow or green color and may be streaked with specks of blood.

Wheezing and shortness of breath can be treated by reducing bronchospasm (reversible narrowing of smaller bronchi due to constriction of the smooth muscle) with bronchodilators such as inhaled long acting.
In allergic bronchitis, asthma and respiratory allergies are present. This can cause a condition called hay fever or allergic rhinitis.

You have to realize the fact that allergic bronchitis can be a very dangerous condition. In fact, people with this condition have been hospitalized or died of suffocation caused by blocked airways because of severe swelling of the tissues found in the airway.


This is why it is important that you should be aware of this particular condition. Treating mild to moderate symptoms of allergic bronchitis can include taking anti histamine mediations and getting away from the allergen that caused the symptoms. .

Allergic bronchitis can be easily managed. Also, you need to consider that you should always take some anti histamine medications with you wherever you go out. You will never know when and where you will come across an allergen that can trigger the symptoms of allergic bronchitis.

The treatment for acute bronchitis that is caused by viral infection only consists of getting a lot of rest, drinking a lot of water or juices during the duration of the infection. In bacterial infection, antibiotics are usually needed along with the basic treatments. 

If acute bronchitis is left untreated, it can develop into chronic bronchitis where the disease can remain in long duration that can last up to 3 months to 2 years. Chronic bronchitis has permanent damages into your respiratory system. This is why it is important that you should know all about bronchitis and the signs and symptoms associated with it.



I am from Kerala in India. WE have lot of greenery around—and naturally mosquitoes.

I have found that if I allow myself to be bitten by mosquitoes at dusk sitting in the lawn , I get itching on my eyes later at night, which is an allergic reaction.

During a feeding, the female mosquito bites the human skin, and injects saliva. The saliva contains various proteins that prevent the blood from clotting, as well as proteins that keep the blood flowing into the mosquito’s mouth.

Many of the mosquito saliva proteins  cause immune reactions, including allergic reactions.

While male mosquitoes are harmless—feeding only on nectar and water—the females of the species are out for blood.

A female mosquito locks onto her victim using a combination of scent, exhaled carbon dioxide, and chemicals in the person's sweat. When she finds a suitable meal, she lands on an area of exposed skin and inserts her proboscis to draw the victim's blood.

The common symptoms—a telltale red bump and itching—aren’t caused by the bite itself, but by a reaction of the body's immune system to proteins in the mosquito's saliva. 



Currently, the only way to prevent a food-allergic reaction is to avoid the problem food—as prevention.


People with underlying allergic conditions are more likely to have severe and potentially dangerous allergic reactions to medications.

Early exposure to common household microbes, environmental bacteria, fermented foods, and probiotics (healthy bacteria from foods like yogurt and unpasteurized milk) may reduce a child's risk of developing allergies as he  gets older.

In some people, severe allergies to environmental or dietary allergens or to medication may result in life-threatening reactions called anaphylaxis.  Food allergies, and reactions to the venom of stinging insects such as wasps and bees are often associated with these severe reactions

Symptoms of food allergy include abdominal pain, bloating, vomiting, diarrhea, itchy skin, and swelling of the skin during hives. 



Food allergies rarely cause respiratory (asthmatic) reactions, or rhinitis.

The most common food allergy, at least in the US population, is a sensitivity to crustacean, like prawns, lobsters,  shell fish etc.   Although peanut allergies are notorious for their severity, peanut allergies are not the most common food allergy in adults or children.



Peanut allergies can sometimes be outgrown by children.  Egg allergies affect one to two percent of children but are outgrown by about two-thirds of children by the age of 5.  The sensitivity is usually to proteins in the white rather than the yolk.

A1 Milk and milk product allergies are the most prevalent in children.  



Beef contains a small amount of protein that is present in cow's milk. Sufferers of tree nut allergies may be allergic to one or many tree nuts, including pecans, pistachios, pine nuts, and walnuts. Also seeds, including sesame seeds and poppy seeds, contain oils where protein is present, which may elicit an allergic reaction.
Some brands of canned tuna fish contain casein, a milk protein.

Many non-dairy products contain casein (a milk derivative), listed on the ingredient labels.

Some meats may contain casein as a binder. Check all labels carefully.

Shellfish is sometimes dipped in milk to reduce the fishy odor. Ask questions about the risk of milk contact when purchasing shellfish.

Shellfish can cause severe allergic reactions (such as anaphylaxis). it is advised that people with fish allergy have quick access to an epinephrine auto-injector  at all times.  This allergy usually is lifelong. 

Mild symptoms may include one or more of the following::----

Hives (reddish, swollen, itchy areas on the skin)
Eczema (a persistent dry, itchy rash)
Redness of the skin or around the eyes
Itchy mouth or ear canal
Nausea or vomiting
Diarrhea
Stomach pain
Nasal congestion or a runny nose
Sneezing
Slight, dry cough
Odd taste in mouth
Uterine contractions

Severe symptoms may include one or more of the following::---

Obstructive swelling of the lips, tongue, and/or throat
Trouble swallowing
Shortness of breath or wheezing
Turning blue
Drop in blood pressure (feeling faint, confused, weak, passing out)
Loss of consciousness
Chest pain
A weak or “thread” pulse
Sense of “impending doom”

Severe symptoms, alone or in combination with milder symptoms, may be signs of anaphylaxis and require immediate treatment.

Eosinophilia is the medical term that describes an abnormally high eosinophil count, i.e. too many eosinophils in the bloodstream .

Eosinophils are a type of white blood cells (leukocytes). They are part of the body's immune system, i.e. the defense mechanism against parasitic, bacterial, and viral infections.

A normal eosinophil count is generally no higher than 350 eosinophils per microL of whole blood.
A high eosinophil count is over 400-450 per microL of whole blood .

In severe forms of eosinophilia, the number of eosinophils can be as high as 5,000 cells.



The exact causative mechanisms of eosinophilia remain largely unclear.

A wide range of conditions, ranging from asthma and hay fever to parasitic infections and autoimmune diseases, have been known to trigger an abnormally high amount of eosinophils.

The symptoms of eosinophilia are essentially those of the underlying condition that triggers it. For instance, if the underlying condition is asthma, then symptoms include wheezing, dyspnea (difficulty breathing), and breathlessness

Corticosteroid treatments have been generally successful in treating certain forms of eosinophilia, especially if the underlying condition is not malignant ( say cancer ) .

The use of antibiotics in the first year of life has been linked to asthma and other allergic diseases. Many kinds of allergy medications work to block the steps that generate the allergic reaction. In some cases these work to block the cells that respond to allergens. 

Other kinds of drugs work to prevent the activation of the white blood cells that cause the reaction. These include antihistamines, which block the signaling that activates the white blood cells, and cortisone (and hydrocortisone), which prevents white blood cell activation. 

Other medications, such as anti-leukotrienes, also work to block white blood cell activation, though through different mechanisms than the drugs listed above. Drugs such a decongestants help to treat the symptoms of an allergy attack but do not play a role in actually preventing or minimizing the allergic response.

Antihistamines help relieve watery eyes, itchy eyes/nose/throat, runny nose, and sneezing. Decongestants help to relieve stuffy nose and ear congestion symptoms.   




Second generation antihistamines  like Loratadine or Cetirizine ( over the counter drugs ), have more local effects on the respiratory tract. They do not have strong effects on the central nervous system,   do not typically cause drowsiness, they do have possible side effects such as headaches, diarrhea, eye redness, nervousness and nosebleeds. 



Decongestants, such as phenylephrine, relieve respiratory allergies by causing blood vessels in your nasal sinuses to shrink. This reduces the pressure in your nasal sinuses, and allows you to breathe better. The reduction in pressure can also help relieve a sinus headache. Ears have a feeling of fullness, and possibly pain, and impaired hearing due to the lack of eustachian tube drainage.



Drugs such as Benadryl, Chlor-Trimeton, and Tavist and belong to an older group known as "first-generation" antihistamines. They tend to cause more side effects, particularly drowsiness.

Penicillin is a cause for severe allergic drug reaction. 

When a patient cannot breathe due to swelling of the bronchial tissues and there is sudden fall of BP due to allergic anaphylaxis,  



Epinephrine injection works instantly—remember this. It is SURE SHOT .  



We carry this injection on Chemical tankers as gases from some of the chemicals we load cause acute allergy.  These adverse reactions can arise in seconds and can be deadly.  Severe anaphylactic shock is fatal if not treated immediately.


Epinephrine is available as a single unit for self-administration by injection or via an automatic injection device which is triggered when pressed firmly against the skin. The preferred site for injection is into the muscle of the outside of the thigh.  

Hairs from male Venezuelan moths do not cause any allergic symptoms.These special hairs are used by the females to protect their eggs masses from predators such as ant systemic bleeding and incoagulable blood.



Drugs which relax the constricted muscle around the airways of the lungs, or shrink congested tissue, or reverse the effects of the chemicals released during allergic reactions – bronchodilators like Salbutamol inhaler, decongestants like Otrivin nasal spray. Decongestants are used to reduce swelling in the sinus cavity caused by an allergic reaction.  



The nasal sprays should not be used for more than 7 days as they can damage the tissues of the nose and cause worsening of symptoms.  Bronchodilator Salbutamol  oral inhaler  is used for the relief of bronchospasm in conditions such as asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease. It has direct effect on bronchial smooth muscle..



Corticosteroid oral inhalers reduce inflammation in the respiratory tract so the airways will be wider and allow better air passage  Corticosteroids are often called "steroids" and are then wrongly confused with the anabolic steroids which bodybuilders use. Medicinal corticosteroids work by preventing the body from making the chemical messengers (called cytokines) which are responsible for prolonging the immediate tissue inflammation that occurs after allergen exposure. 



Beclometasone is a preventer cortisteroid inhaler. Use it every day to prevent your symptoms from developing. B eclomethasone is used to prevent wheezing, shortness of breath, coughing, and chest tightness caused by severe asthma and other lung diseases.Corticosteroids are thus used for treating the long-term inflammation experienced in chronic conditions such as asthma, hay fever and perennial rhinitis. 



Inhalers are the main treatment for asthma. The medicine inside the inhaler goes straight into your airways when you breathe in. This means that your airways and lungs are treated, but little of the medicine gets into the rest of your body.



Another type of treatment is immunotherapy. Immunotherapy focuses on desensitization. As the patient is exposed to larger and larger amounts of the allergen, other antibodies, known as IgG antibodies, accumulate and block the IgE antibodies. The result is that the patient develops a tolerance for whatever causes their allergy. 

Another kind of immunotherapy uses antibodies that bind to the IgE antibody, inactivating it. Another immunotherapy, called sublingual immunotherapy, is based on research that shows that the immune system shows a greater tolerance for antigens that are taken orally. All of these therapies work to use the immune system to block the allergic response and can either reduce the severity or completely eliminate certain allergies. . 



Immunotherapy usually begins with injections of a very weak solution of the allergen given once or twice a week. The strength of the solution is gradually increased. Once the strongest dose is reached, shots continue about once a month until the allergy symptoms are controlled, often for three to five years.



Leukotriene modifiers (leukotriene antagonists) are medicines used to manage allergic rhinitis or allergies, as well as prevent asthma. These drugs work by blocking the action of leukotrienes.  Leukotrienes are inflammatory chemicals the body releases after coming in contact with an allergen or allergy trigger. 

Leukotrienes cause tightening of airway muscles and the production of excess mucus and fluid. These chemicals play a key role in allergies or allergic rhinitis and also cause a tightening of your airways, making it difficult to breathe.  Zafirlukast (Accolate), Montelukast (Singulair), and Zileuton (Zyflo) are some leukotriene modifiers available for asthma,  only Montelukast is approved for the management of allergic rhinitis or allergies.  



Montelukast also provides relief for allergic conjunctivitis. Montelukast  can be used for nasal allergy symptoms and it works by blocking a molecule called leukotriene.

Cockroach allergies may be dangerous to people with asthma, as exposure may cause severe attacks in over half of those diagnosed

USA has digital medical records. 24% of Americans have allergy problems.  Allergic rhinitis (nasal allergies) affects about 38 million Americans, 8 million of whom are children.  Asthma affects 17 million Americans, 6 million of whom are children.  Big Pharma is minting money.  

GM Maize has created too much health problems on this planet- severe allergy , skin rash, swelling or itching of mucous membranes, diarrhea, vomiting, asthma and, in severe cases, anaphylaxis.

The EVIL PHARMA is singing all the way to the bank.  GM Maize contains lipid transfer protein, an indigestible protein that survives cooking. This protein has been linked to a rare and understudied allergy to maize in humans.


The allergic reaction can cause skin rash, swelling or itching of mucous membranes, diarrhea, vomiting, asthma and, in severe cases, anaphylaxis. It is unclear how common this allergy is in the general population.

This is one of the reason why I myself prefer Bungalow type home with a lawn and own well and garden , rather than a Flat type home in a city with chlorinated water in the taps. To me NIL allergy life means a lot. Stuffy nose, runny nose, sneezing, coughing and headache are all miserable symptoms of respiratory allergies.

During my 4 decades of travel, I have seen mothers give anti-allergy cough syrups to make their children stop crying and sleep in airplanes. . The first-generation antihistamines are older antihistamines, such as diphenhydramine (Benadryl). 
These antihistamines have broader effects on the body because they block histamine receptors in the brain. Therefore, they cause the most side effects, focused on the central nervous system. The side effects include sedation and  fatigue.

Side effects of using corticosteroids can be reduced by using the drug only when necessary.  Inhaled corticosteroids,  can cause weakness, fatigue, nausea, vomiting, vision problems, breathing problems and rash.  

The same antihistamine in allergy medicines that cause drowsiness and sedation can also be responsible for some cognitive impairment.  If your child is sluggish, slow or not as mentally sharp as usual and get poor grades in exams , blame yourself.


I have NOT breached the subject of allergic reactions causing  depression (and divorce ) , which dictates that a marriage is stale.   It is NOT about the male getting a boner or female creaming due to sexual arousal.. 

Actually the marriage was just hunky dory, the culprit was allergy.  

Allergens can contribute to mood alteration and a feeling of sadness, due to lack of quality sleep and oxygenation.  

The REAL headache which prevents sex could be just an allergy and NOT a lame excuse to skip insipid sex.  When sinuses are unable to drain, it increases pressure throughout the skull, which triggers a headache. 

On top of that an allergic face looks sullen.  

Let me leave yeast infection and a YUCK  PHTHOOEY smelling twat ( excuse me please – a spade is a spade  ) out of this.





Any allergy medicine that has a depressive effect can decrease your sex drive.  So many frustrated western women leave their husbands as he cant get his apprentice up, when Madame Mim is ready.


Children of the wealthy make their children live in a sanitized bubble, as they can afford it. These Richie Rich children are NOT exposed to enough pathogens to keep the immune system busy. Later on in life if their wives run away with a virile handyman , who is to blame?  



Have you seen the number of white couples who have a CUCKOLD system in place, where the wife has a BLACK lover with a huge hard dong?  

The cuckold white husband just watches the love making , mostly tied up-- OR the frustrated wife asks for an expensive messy divorce and alimony--and uprooted darling children..



Dont get shell shocked !!. 

This is life in ALLERGY LAND.. 

Punch into Google search CUCKOLD WIKIPEDIA



In USA becoming an allergist/immunologist requires completion of at least nine years of training. After completing medical school and graduating with a medical degree, a physician will then undergo three years of training in internal medicine (to become an internist) or pediatrics (to become a pediatrician).  

Internists or pediatricians wishing to focus on the sub-specialty of allergy-immunology then complete at least an additional two years of study, called a fellowship, in an allergy/immunology training program. It is NO use visiting a non-specialist doctor, who will just pump you with anti-histamines, and collect his fees.

A lot of allergens are spread by the hand.  



Now you know why Indians prefer to do a non-contact NAMASTE rather than shake hands or exchange FAKE hugs.





Grace and peace! ( Put on your head phones ) 


Shiva Manasa Pooja
By Adi Sankarachaya 2000 BC

Aaradhayami mani sannibham athma lingam,
Maayapuri hrudaya pankaja sannivishtam,
Sradha nadhi vimala chitha jalabishegai,
Nithyam samadhi kusmaira punarbhavai.

I worship that Linga,
Which is in me as my soul,
Residing in the illusory lotus of my heart,
Bathed by the clear water,
Of the river of my devotion,
And worshipped daily by the Lotus,
Of my meditation for avoiding another birth.

Rathnai Kalpitham asanam, Himajalai snanam cha divyambaram,
Naana rathna vibhooshitham mruga madha modhanvitham Chandanam,
Jathi champaka bilwa pathra rachitham, pushpam cha deepam Thada,
Deepam deva dayanithe pasupathe, hrud kalpyatham gruhyatham.

I offer you an imaginary throne made of precious jewels,
I offer you bath in the water of melted snow from the Himalayas,
I offer you holy silken cloth to wear,
I adorn you very many precious jewels,
I offer you musk and sandal,
I offer you Bilwa and Champaka flowers,
And I offer you the holy lamp,
But all these I offer in the portal of my mind,
Please God who is merciful and who is the Lord of all beings,
Accept my offerings and bless me.

Souvarne nava rathna Ganda Rachithe, pathre Grutham Payasam,
Bakshyam pancha vidam Payo dadhiyutham, rambha phalam panakam,
Saaka namayutham jalam ruchikaram, karpoora gandojwalam,
Thamboolam manasa maya virachitham Bhakthyo prabho sweekuru

Sweet rice in a golden bowl inlaid with the nine jewels, the five kinds of food made from milk and curd, bananas, vegetables, sweet water scented with camphor, and betel leaves - I have prepared all these in my mind with devotion. O lord, please accept them.

I offer you Ghee and the sweet payasam in golden vessel ,
Decorated with nine type of precious gems,
I offer you five different dishes made of curd and milk,
I offer you panakam made of sweet fruits,
I offer you tasty sweet scented water to drink,
I offer you the lamp made of camphor along with tinkling bells,
And I offer you betel leaf and nut,
But these are offered by my mind with utter devotion to you,
So Lord Kindly accept and bless.

Chathram Chamarayoryugam vyajanagam, chaa darshakam nirmalam,
Veena bheri mrudanga kahala kala geetha nruthyam thada,
Sasthangam pranthi sthuthir bahu vidha, hyethat samastham maya,
Sankalpena samapitham thava vibho , poojam gruhana prabho.

I offer you a pretty stage,
I offer you couple of decorative fans,
I also offer you shining mirror,
I offer you Veena, kettledrums, Mrudanga and a very big drum,
I offer you song and dance,
I offer you full prostration,
I offer you several types of prayers,
But all these I offer you my Lord, in my mind
So Lord kindly accept this my worship.

Aathma thwam Girija Mathi  sahacharaa, prana sarreram gruham,
Pooja theey vishayopa bhoga rachana, nidhra samadhi sthithi,
Sanchara padayo pradakshina vidhi, , sthothrani sarva giraa,
Yadyath karma karomi thathad akhilam, shambho thavaradhanam.

My soul is your temple my lord,
My activities are thine attendants,
My body is thine home,
My acts to please my senses are thine worship,
My act of sleep is the deep meditation on thee,
All my walks with my feet are thine perambulations,
What ever falls from my mouth are thine prayers,
Oh Lord, everything I say and do are thine forms of worship.

Kara charana krutham vaak kayajam karmajam vaa,
Sravana nayanajam vaa maanasam vaa aparadham,
Vihithamavihitham vaa sarva methath Kshamaswa,
Jaya Jaya katunabdhe sri Mahadeva Shambho.

Please pardon Oh lord
All those acts committed by me,
By hands, by action, by body or
By hearing, by my sight, or by my mind,
Whether they are proper or improper..
Victory oh victory, Oh, ocean of mercy,
Oh, The greatest of Gods and Oh benevolent one.

Matha cha Parvathy Devi,
Pitha devo Maheswara,
Bandhava Shiva Bakthamscha,
Swadeso Bhuvana thray.

My mother is the goddess Parvathi,
My father is the Lord Shiva,
My friends are the devotees of Shiva

And my native abode is all the three worlds
********************************************************************
UMA MOHAN AND HER SANSKRIT VEDIC CHANTS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
UMA MOHAN AND SANSKRIT MANTRAS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Quite often I give a video clip of Uma Mohan's rendition of Sanskrit Vedic Chants at the ends of my posts.

I guess I will be failing in my duties if I do NOT praise her . 

She chants with intent, which is possible only when you understand the meaning.

UMA MOHAN DESERVES A NATIONAL AWARD  FOR PRESERVING OUR GLORIOUS INDIAN CULTURE..  

WE USUALLY WASTE OUR NATIONAL AWARDS ON DORKS .

Uma Mohan has done so much to exhume the essence our glorious Sanskrit Vedic chants-- when young yuppie Indians are going for MTV pop songs of the stupid BABE BABE BABE category.

Her Sanskrit rendition and pronunciation is digitally perfect, which can resonate the pineal gland with DNA.

Her female voice quality is rich and enunciation is crystal clear.  

Mantras require good enunciation , which is the act of speaking clearly and concisely. The opposite of good enunciation is mumbling or slurring.  Pronunciation is is a component of enunciation.  Pronunciation is to pronounce sounds of words correctly. Only Sanskrit Vedic chants require this clarity.

The Sanskrit language is the only language which has emanated from the DNA of 12 strand Maharishi seers.


As such only Sanskrit mantras have the capability to repair DNA and raise consciousness.

Her great great grandfather was an ace composer,  Sri Neelakanta Sivan , a Tamilian Iyer from Nagercoil , who lived in Padmanabhapuram, Kerala.   Uma Mohan lives in Chennai.

Listening to Vedic Sanskrit Mantras have immediate soothing effect which makes the brain release healing chemicals. Errant and disturbing thoughts are killed . 

Listening to mantras centres the mind and slows down the breathing if chanted the right way, due to its effect on the sub-conscious mind. 

Mantra vibes penetrate the deepest tissues and body cells and stimulate the hormonal glands..

The spiritual purity of the mantra singer can be felt by the heart. 





Above video is sung by Uma Mohan.


People who doubt the effect of mantras has seen the effect on human aura using Kirlean photography and been stunned.    



Such is the scalar field effect on the sympathetic and para sympathetic nervous system.


Hardcore skeptics are convinced when they see the effect of Sanskrit mantras on cymatics.

Mantras do DNA repair and prevent ageing. Modern science still has NO idea of what this resonant trigger and activation of the natural chemical factory in the brain is all about.

There is an enzyme in our body called DNA polymerase. It is an accurate enzyme and guardian keeper of our genetic information. It syntheses strands and does DNA repair too.  

Our DNA can be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.

God resides within your DNA.  A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life .

The secrets of this universe are contained in energy, frequency and longitudinal waves.

Quantum medicine understands that our reality is a vibratory reality - from sub nuclear level to atomic, molecular, and macro levels.  

Every thing oscillates  between two states of rest.  

Everything produces a longitudinal vibration, --  a "sound of music ".






Talking about female voice quality, I love a Swedish blonde.

Punch into Google search-


THE DAY BEFORE YOU CAME VADAKAYIL



Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..
Grace and peace!
ATMASTAKAM— Adi Shankaracharya 2000 BC



Mano buddhya-hankara chittani naham
Na cha shrotra jihve, na cha ghrana netre
Na cha vyoma bhumirna tejo na vayuhu
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham . (1)

I am not the mind, intellect, thought, ego, or some form of the supreme being; I neither have ears, nor tongue and I neither have nose (nostrils) nor eyes; I am not the sky, earth, light or the wind; I am the fortunate, joyful, supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva. 

Na cha prana sangno na vai pancha vayuhu
Na va sapta dhatur na va pancha koshaha
Na vak pani padau na chopastha payoo
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham .(2).

I am not the most essential air that everyone breathes. Nor a part of essential five gases related to bodily functions (which are Prana, Aparna, Vyana, Udana and Samana). I am not the seven-fold material (Rasa, Rakta, Mamsa, Medas, Asthi,Majja and Shukra) that help in body’s physical development, I am not part of five coverings that help to build up the personality (food, air, mind, knowledge or wisdom and pleasure). Nor am I the five organs of action (which are speech/mouth, hands, feet, reproductive and rectum), I am the fortunate, joyful, supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva.

Na me dvesha ragau na me lobha mohau
Mado naiva me naiva matsarya bhavah
Na dharmo na chartho na kamo na mokshah
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham .(3).

I have no likes or dislikes; Not I have any greed or delusion; I have no pride or arrogant vanity; Nor am I jealous of anyone or in competition with anyone ; I do not need the four main necessities of life (which are Dharma (Law of Life), Artha (Wealth), Kama (Desires) and Moksha (Liberation); I am the fortunate, joyful,supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva.

Na punyam na papam na saukhyam na dukham
Na mantro na tirtham na veda na yagnaha
Aham bhojanam naiva bhojyam na bhokta
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham .(4).


I am not attached to any righteousness or sin; I have neither pleasure nor sorrow; I have no need for any Mantra; I have no need for pilgrimages ; I have no need for any sacred scriptures; nor do I perform any sacrifise or rituals; I am neither the meal nor the one who consumes or what is consumed;
I am the fortunate, joyful,supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva.

Na me mrutyu shanka na me jati bhedah
Pita naiva me naiva mata na janma
Na bandhur na mitram gurur naiva shishyah
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham .(5).


I have no fear of death, nor do I have caste distinctions; I neither have a father nor mother because I was never born; I have neither kin/relatives nor friends; I have no gurus and nor am I a disciple; I am the fortunate, joyful, supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva.

Aham nirvikalpo nirakara rupo
Vibhur vyapya sarvatra sarvendriyanam
Sada me samatvam na muktir na bandhah
Chidananda rupah shivoham shivoham .(6).
  

I am free of thoughts and beyond imagination since I have no form; I am all pervading and exist everywhere; I am the king of all sense-organs; I am always impartial to everything and everyone,; I am free from everything and I have no attachment to anything; I am the fortunate, joyful, supreme being who is the very emblem of truth, knowledge and eternal bliss.

I am consciousness and bliss. I am Shiva, I am Shiva.
********************************************************************
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BUDDHA AND MAHAVIRA STATUE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SRIVATSA MARK OF MAHAVIRA ,   LEFT HANDED SWASTIKA OF BUDDHA,  KAUSTUBHA MANI FROM SAMUDRA MANTHAN  –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Several decades ago, when I was young one of my friends showed me a Japanese memento. So  I asked him where he got it from.  He said that a few days ago some Jap tourists had come to his house , and given him that.



Above : Buddha statue

Naturally I asked him, what tourists object of interest is there in his house. So he replied that he is a Buddhist and his great great great grandfather had brought a very ancient marble statue of Buddha from Sri Lanka , which is installed in his home. 

And that lot of Japanese tourists come to pray to it as it is on their tourist brochure.

So I made it a point to to visit his house to have a dekko.  And there was this milky marble white statue in all its serenity. 

I had a closer look with mE beady eyes.

The small children in his joint family house had sort of been instructed to start praying like hell to Buddha, the moment they see a tourist or a visitor.  

For there was a instant LOUD praying session of—

Buddham sharanam gachami,  Sangham sharanam gachami,  Dharmam Shananam gachami etc etc.

I saw the statue and then told my friend that I needed to see him in private.

I told him that his statue was of MAHAVIRA ( Jainism ) and NOT of BUDDHA ( Buddhism ).

I told him that his theory of the statue coming from Sri Lanka fell flat, because there was NO Jainism in Sri Lanka.

One of the reasons why Jainism never left Indian shores is because of the restriction to travel except on foot (without climbing even on a worm) , and strict vegetarianism  the Jain religion placed.  And can you imagine today there are 65000 Indian Jains in UK alone.

Obviously he started telling me how liitle I knew about Buddhism. 

So I had to cut him short.

I told him, that I will tell him identify a Mahavira stature from a Buddha statue, and then if his family still overdoes the Jap tourist bit to earn moolah , it would amount to deliberate immoral fraud.



Above: Mahavira statue

So this is what I told him--

A Buddha statue will never ever be naked , like the statue in his house.  A Buddha statue will never ever have a naked torso, leave alone being totally naked.

The Buddha statue will always have a hand raised in mudra sign. The Mahavira statue will have both the palms ( right on left )  in classic Vedic Ardha- Padmasana meditative pose of Lord Shiva.



A Mahavira statue will have Vishnu’s  Sri Vatsa mark on the bare chest.   Buddha’s chest is covered by cloth .



Above : Mahavira statue.

The Buddha statue will have a Hindu Tilak on the forehead.  Mahavira’s statue will NOT have it as the 24th thirthankara was an ascetic.

Buddha’s statue will have a tied up hair bun on top of the head.



Above : Buddha statue

The earlobes of both Buddha and Mahavira are elongated, as a reminder that both were wealthy men who could afford to wear heavy golden earrings,  before they  renounced material things to seek enlightenment.

There is so much of ignorance about Buddha that the stupid Western historian  thinks that the FAT statue of Ho-Tai the Chinese monk is Buddha.  

Ho-Tai was a Chan monk working as a cook in a monastery in Southern China around the 9th century AD, while  Buddha was born in 1900 BC.  



Ho-Tai is regarded by many Buddhists as a Bodhisatva (not a Buddha), but he was elevated to “good luck” divinity by the Taoists— a sort of Santa Claus for children.

In fact I have seen several US Christian TV evangelists making fun of this statue by saying “ If Buddha cannot control his obesity, how can he take care of you” – and then they would throw it into the garbage bin, with the holy congregation cheering him on .  I dare them to do it with an Islamic icon.

The white Christian invader has placed Lord Buddha at 563 BC. Actually Buddha was born much earlier in 1900 BC.

The white Christian invader has called Lord Mahavira as the founder of Jainism. This is absolutely wrong.  
Emperor  Rishabha ( Adinath ) , the father of Chakravatri Bharata is the founder of Jainism in 8190 BC, and is the first Thirthankara.

Rishabha is mentioned in the Hindu text of the Bhagavata Purana , Vaishnava / Shaiva Puraņas, and several other ancient texts. 

The white historian has put Mahavira as a contemporary of Buddha at 599 BC. This is wrong .  First of all Mahavira was just a reformer.  He was the 24th Thirtankara .  Mahavira was born in 4500 BC.  

Mahavira fasted to death ( salekhana) at Pavapure (near modern Patna).

The 10th avatar of Vishnu, Kalki will have a Srivatsa mark on his chest.



Srivatsa is a commonly used surname in Hindu names.  Lord Parasurama an avatar of Vishnu was born in this Gotra.

The endless knot of Sri Vatsa is found on Vishnu’s right side chest.  This symbol represents the interweaving of change with time.   Srivatsa is one of the 1008 names of Lord  Vishnu in the Vishnu Sahasranam.



The Kaustubh Mani was a powerful deep blue diamond with a radiance equal to the sun.  It was obtained during the churning of the sea ( Samudra Manthan ) .

Lord Vishnu wears Kaustubh Mani  in a garland on his chest.   This tone  brings invincibility on to its wearer .
The Srivatsa mark on Lord Vishnu’s right chest is due to this diamond, which caused a design of fine yellow hair in an endless knot geometrical form—as per Sree Bhagawatham    (SB 10.13.48)

SAHAR VAKSH STHAL KAUSTUBHASHRIYAM, NAMAMI VISHNUM SIRASA CHATURBHUJAM ||

This hymn talks about the Kaustubha diamond on Vishnu. .  Both Srivatsa and Kaustubha are generally listed together in the   same line, often in the same word even, in the verses of the Bhagavatam.

Bhaktivedanta VedaBase:  Śrīmad Bhāgavatam  5.3.3
atha ha tam āviṣkṛta-bhuja-yugala-dvayaḿ hiraṇmayaḿ puruṣa-viśeṣaḿ kapiśa-kauśeyāmbara-dharam urasi vilasac-chrīvatsa-lalāmaḿ daravara-vanaruha-vana-mālācchūry-amṛta-maṇi-gadādibhir upalakṣitaḿ sphuṭa-kiraṇa-pravara-mukuṭa-kuṇḍala-kaṭaka-kaṭi-sūtra-hāra-keyūra-nūpurādy-ańga-bhūṣaṇa-vibhūṣitam ṛtvik-sadasya-gṛha-patayo 'dhanā ivottama-dhanam upalabhya sabahu-mānam arhaṇenāvanata-śīrṣāṇa upatasthuḥ

Lord Viṣṇu appeared before King Nābhi with four arms. He was very bright, and He appeared to be the best of all personalities. Around the lower portion of His body, He wore a yellow silken garment. On His chest was the mark of Śrīvatsa, which always displays beauty. He carried a conchshell, lotus flower, disc and club, and He wore a garland of forest flowers and the Kaustubha gem. He was beautifully decorated with a helmet, earrings, bangles, belt, pearl necklace, armlets, ankle bells and other bodily ornaments bedecked with radiant jewels. Seeing the Lord present before them, King Nābhi and his priests and associates felt just like poor people who have suddenly attained great riches. They received the Lord and respectfully bent their heads and offered Him things in worship.

The white Christian historian funded by Rotshchild has always given bull :-- 

QUOTE -- The last Tirthankara was Vardhaman Mahavira who was born near Kundalpur, Bihar, as a prince in 599BC. He gave up his kingdom and became a monk at the age of 30 and attained liberation, moksha, at the age of 72, in 527BC, by abstaining from food and water. He was slightly older contemporary of Gautama Buddha. They both came from Magadha area in Bihar, India, although they never met--  UNQUOTE 

Thank god both of them never had a conversation with Jesus Christ or Alexander the Great.

What else can you expect?

Sir Isaac Newton was portrayed as a genius and Nostradamus type character, while this man was actually a thief.

Punch into Google search –

ISAAC NEWTON CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

Ever heard of Newton’s Israel spin, from Newton's Prophecies of Daniel

http://www.choicesforliving.com/spirit/part3/newton.htm

QUOTE :-- God chose Isaac Newton to impart many of His deepest secrets.  Newton says the two numbers separately speak of both the First and Second Coming, both being counted from the "going forth of the commandment to restore and to build Jerusalem." three centuries ago he saw in the Scriptures and wrote about the rebirth of Israel at a time when such a thought was preposterous.  By faith, he foresaw a "friendly kingdom" someday again issuing the "commandment to restore and build Jerusalem." Now, centuries later, that "friendly kingdom" may have been the United Nations, which decreed Israel's rebirth in November, 1947, causing Israel to be reborn in May, 1948--: UNQUOTE

Oh Boy! 

I'm touched. 

Indeed chosen people exist in a land of milk and honey --for which millions died in two World Wars.




No wonder Isaac Newton is the secret keeper  in Dan Brown’s Da Vinci’s code ..



The white Christian invader , in addition to falsifying Indian history,  injecting poison into our scriptures , also raped our environment , the flora and fauna.  



They fudged dates because the Pope found it necessary to thick to the false hood in the Bible that the big bang happened in 4004 BC.  




How can Mahavira be born 500 years before the big bang of the Bible?




Above : Modern science agrees with what is written in Vedas 7000 years ago, that the big bang happened 14 BILLION years ago.




Today we do NOT see Sandalwood and Rosewood in India.  3000 years ago King Solomon of Jerusalem had his palace staircase made out of Sandalwood from Kerala , India.



They killed our tigers, just for pleasure—like how they fish without eating it. Today tigers are almost extinct.



Weekends were set aside for Tiger hunts— like how they play golf.  The natives had to hustle a tiger by drums , close to the white man who is safe on a tall elephant, and he would shoot.  Then he would keep his leg on the kill for a photo  shoot—brave man .



Above : Very brave Englishman killed so many tigers.







Above:  Brave Gora Sahib and Memsahib.




These English speaking people who never could imagine anything beyond meat , potatoes and apples now came to India and lived better than the Lords, Dukes and Earls back home.  



They had any army of Indian servants. 




They could rape any attractive native woman. They left behind a HUGE Anglo Indian mulatto population when they finally left India in 1947.  



These brown sahibs are wannabe gora sahibs at heart, only thing is that they smell of chutney and pickle.. So they are known as Chutney Marys’ and Pickle Johns.



Jainism was a religion of non-violence and peace.

The Buddhism we exported from India , in now involved in Cannibalism,  extreme sadism and ethnic cleansing ( Sri Lanka/ Bhutan ) .

Punch into Google search-

NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL

and

DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII  VADAKAYIL

Sinhalese Buddhists in Sri Lanka mass murdered 160,000 Hindus  in 2009, and over the last year.  



Rakhine Buddhists in Burma, now called Myanmar, have been targeting and ruthlessly killing Muslims.




In the early 1990s, 19% of the Bhutan population were ethnically cleansed by the authorities under the provisions of the amended Citizenship Act of 1985,  just because they followed the Hindu religion .  After the purge of the 1990s began, by violent intimidation, bureaucratic dead-ends and suspended rights , the 



Bhutanese Hindus have been forced to live in refugee camps set up by the UN High Commission for Refugees (UNHCR) in eastern Nepal in 1992.

It is possible that the new vicious Taliban of the future will be Buddhists and NOT Muslims.

Since January 2004, the Thai government has converted Buddhist monasteries into military outposts and commissioned Buddhist military monks and give support for Buddhist vigilante squads.

In modern times Buddhist-inspired terrorism or militarism have also occurred in Japan, such as the Ketsumeidan assassinations led by Nichiren Buddhist preacher Nissho Inoue.  



Aum Shinrikyo, the shinshukyo that unleashed Sarin gas into the Tokyo subway and killed thirteen people, injuring fifty, drew upon Buddhist ideas and scriptures.

A Chinese Ministry of Public Security spokesperson claimed searches of monasteries in the Tibetan capital had turned up a large cache of weapons, including 176 guns and 7,725 pounds of explosives.

Despite BR Ambedkar trying to revive Buddhism , by converting his dalit Mahar community, to spite Hindusim-- it disappeared from India (  7.3 million only ) .  

Buddhism now thrives in China, Japan, Korea, Thailand, Laos, Cambodia and in Sri Lanka—where ironically Hinduism was taken over by Buddhism. There are around 550 million Buddhists on this planet.

Nearly 95% of Thailand's population is Buddhist.   Prostitution is practised openly throughout the country.  3.1 million out of 28 million Thai female population ( includes babies too ) are prostitutes- -and it is NOT at all about extreme poverty..   



So if you see 7 adult women on the streets 1 of them is a prostitute. 


So next time you visit Ellora caves , find out for yourself which statue is Buddha and which is Mahavira.

And if you wanna find out why BR Ambedkar tried his best to convert all Dalits in India  to Buddhism --and failed miserably--

punch into Google search--

CNN IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL


Zionist Jews  who did DIVIDE  AND RULE in India established a LIE that Gautama Buddha rejected the existence of a SUPREME creator deity . Rothschild used his stooges to convert god fearing Dalits to atheists .

Rothschild tried to convert Buddha into the ninth avatar of Lord Vishnu ( after Krishna ) displacing Lord Ayyappa.

When this failed --

The Buddist religion was modified to “ In Buddhism, the sole aim of spiritual practice is the complete alleviation of dukkha ("suffering") in saṃsāra, which is called nirvana” .  Short and sweet !

The Buddha is now equated with the DHAMMA .   While creating the FAKE emperor Ashoka , who converted from BAAD BADDD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism , Rothschild historians wrote that Buddha said “ Whoever sees the DHAMMA sees me; whoever sees me sees the DHAMMA".

Rothschild historians planted the FAKE and backdated creation Chinaman Xuanzang who visited Nalanda Univeristy in India 1400 years ago to study Jainism and Buddhism( under a fake and non-existant guru Silabhadra who composed the non-existent Buddhist text Buddhabhumivyakhyana,

 Xuanzang  even visited the kingdom of the Calicut king ( my hometown ) to see the FAKE Buddhist monastery at Kodungallur built by Emperor Asoka’s FAKE brother Mahinda (sic ).

Two years ago Chinese historians came to dig out accounts of Chinese Admiral Zheng He from Calicut university. 

We know !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html

Mahavira’s statue was NOT worshipped , but to assist you to fall into a meditative state by centring your mind.

Jainism HAS BEEN hijacked by rich ATHEIST Jains who were Opium drug running agents of Rothschild who had the money to subvert the religion. 

Today Jainism rejects the idea of a SUPREME creator deity responsible for the manifestation and creation of this universe.  

According to this Zionist injected Jain doctrine, the universe and its constituents (soul, matter, space, time, and principles of motion) have always existed.   

Jainism was used to attack and run down gods of Hinduism by the white invader .


Jainism has heavenly beings (devas), but these beings are not viewed as creators,  they are subject to suffering and change like all other living beings, and must eventually die.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF HOLODOMOR , BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION, AND THE GULAG – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
LEST WE FORGET ,  THE ALL JEWISH ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED ROLE  OF  GENRIKH GRIGORYEVICH YAGODA ,  LAZAR MOISEYEVICH KAGANOVICH ,  NAFTALY ARONOVICH FRENKEL,  MATVEI BERMAN,  KARL MARX,  LENIN,  STALIN,  TROTSKY,  JACOB HENRY SCHIFF,  MAX MORITZ WARBURG,  LAVRENTIY PAVLOVICH BERIA,  YAKOV MIKHAILOVICH SVERDLOV,  YAKOV MIKHAILOVICH YUROVSKY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 





To do justice to this post, the reader must have a back ground.  Or everything will go over his head. 

You won’t find this in big brother owned main stream media or Hollywood movies or Zionist controlled History channel..

First watch this video for a brief intro as to what is coming.



Below video:   Jewish CNN reporter Wolf Blitzer trying to trap David Duke.   There are 18 countries in Europe who will throw you inside jail, and give you a IRS raid to break you financially,  if you contest the grossly exaggerated "Hitler killed  6 million Jews " figure.




After that be familiar with a few of my previous blog posts.

WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD VADAKAYIL

CRYPTOS, DOUBLE AGENTS, FALSE FLAGS, DECEPTION  VADAKAYIL

EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE , I'LL BE WATCHING YOU VADAKAYIL

THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL

RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN WHO WAS FRAMED VADAKAYIL

GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST OF GERMAN POWS VADAKAYIL

WINSTON CHURCHILL , HENCHMAN OR HERO VADAKAYIL

THE LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED VADAKAYIL

EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE, AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT VADAKAYIL

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL

BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL

THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL

ANIMAL FARM BY GEORGE ORWELL , A NEW PERSPECTIVE  VADAKAYIL

NAPOLEON THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL

TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

MAHATMA GANDHI , RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

THE DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF MAHATMA GANDHI VADAKAYIL

SOPA WILL CENSOR INTERNET FOR ZIONIST BIG BROTHER VADAKAYIL

THE ASSASSINATION OF GENERAL GEORGE PATTON VADAKAYIL

MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL

WORTH MORE THAN THE SUM TOTAL OF ENTIRE FORBES LIST VADAKAYIL

SNUFF MOVIES , FREEMASON BENJAMIN FRANKLIN , THE HELLFIRE CLUB , ADL VADAKAYIL

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL

MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALIZATION VADAKAYIL

THE GREAT AMERICAN DEPRESSION  VADAKAYIL

NAZIS WERE MORE CULTURED AND KINDER  VADAKAYIL

BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL

WHITE SLAVERY  VADAKAYIL

SAY NO TO BIG BROTHER OF GEORGE ORWELL'S 1984 VADAKAYIL


NAPOLEON , THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL


THE BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT VADAKAYIL


THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED  VADAKAYIL


THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE  VADAKAYIL



I remember when I used to play tennis  with my elder son , at the Calicut Indoor stadium complex, the Communist run municipality always used to throw the spanner into the works, branding  tennis as a “bourgeois”  game.

Indeed!

None of those communists have any idea what this term means , though surprise-surprise they could pronounce it the right way.  Any idiot could say this B word and be welcomed in the Kerala Communist fold as a dear Sagaav ( comrade ) 

Bourgeoisie was a Bolshevik code-word for Gentile ( Goy or non-Israelite peoples)  .   

The first law passed after the Communists seized power in Russia made anti-semitism a crime punishable by death.  (Izvestia, July 27, 1918).




"National and racial chauvinism is a vestige of the misanthropic customs characteristic of the period of cannibalism. Anti-semitism, as an extreme form of racial chauvinism, is the most dangerous vestige of cannibalism...under USSR law active anti-Semites are liable to the death penalty." (Stalin, Collected Works, vol. 13, p. 30).


The top Communist Judaic official  Grigory Yevseevich Zinoviev stated:  "Without mercy, without sparing, we will kill our enemies in scores of hundreds.  Let them be thousands; let them drown themselves in their own blood.  For the blood of Lenin and Uritzky, Zinoviev and Vólodarsky, let there be floods of the blood of the bourgeoisie -- more blood!  As much as possible!"  (Krasnaya Gazeta, Sept. 1, 1918).

In his story, "The Rabbi's Son," Isaac Babel places the portraits of Lenin and Rabbi Moses Maimonides side by side.  He notes that the margins of Communist leaflets are crowded with "Hebrew verse."





The Judaic Communist epoch of mass murder has just vanished into hoary history, in one of the greatest magical REALITY acts of all time.

Only practiced hypnotic deceivers, with all the sleight of hand of the most accomplished stage magicians, could pull off such a coup against the rest of humanity.

To trick mankind into focusing nearly all expiatory sentiment, monuments and commemoration on Jewish victims ( a grossly inflated six million ) and brand the Mark of Cain-- the very words war crime and holocaust itself--on Germany and upon Germans alone as their proprietary trademark, must be regarded as one of the most masterful achievements of psychological warfare, in the annals of illusion.




Israeli and AIPAC Jew power has expanded commensurate with the expansion of "Holocaust" propaganda, as noted by the Israeli author Moshe Leshem: ---

Israelis and American Jews fully agree that the memory of the Holocaust is an indispensable weapon--one that must be used relentlessly against their common enemy...Jewish organizations and individuals thus labor continuously to remind the world of it. 

In America, the perpetuation of the Holocaust memory is now a  half a billion dollar a year  enterprise, part of which is government-funded. 

This is why Edgar Bronfman, the billionaire Canadian Seagram's whiskey merchant and chairman of the powerful World Jewish Congress says, "The growing numbers of revisionist supporters cannot be ignored. We must use every resource to stop revisionism now, before it's too late."





SOPA was created for this purpose –  to censor internet.

Sixteen million ethnic Germans were forcibly expelled from Silesia, Moravia and the Volga regions of the eastern territories at the end of the Second World War. On this trail of tears, two million perished--shot to death, starved, raped and beaten. 

Ask  one in ten thousand people on the street today--  "Have you heard?" 

The answer will be no.



The Steven Spielberg movie ( tom tomming the already engraved in stone Hitler killed 6 million Jews fake figure ), images of cattle cars jammed with human cargo are reserved for Jewish victims alone.   The 800,000 mostly Muslim Chechens deported by Judaic commissars and savagely stuffed into railway cars to Kazakhstan, where a quarter of a million died enroute, do not meet Rothschild and AIPAC controlled Hollywood's standard of cinematic focus. 



 Is Steven Spielberg honest enough to make a TRUE movie on the Gulag and Holodomor ?

– rather does he have the balls?



The Soviet cattle car deportations afflicted more than a half-million Estonian, Latvian and Lithuanian Christians who were shipped to the Gulag.  12% of the entire Baltic population was either deported to Siberia or executed by the Jewish Soviet Secret Police.  

Who knows of it?  

Who cares? 

Who tries to keep this history from repeating?  



Instead, in 1995 the president of Lithuania made a pilgrimage to the Israeli gas chamber shrine at Yad Vashem to grovel and beg "forgiveness" for his people who were the victims of the Jewish Communist murderers. 

To seek forgiveness in all humility is ordained when it is predicated on the truth.  To do so based on false witness in order to idolize the Pharisees is a mockery of justice.

In the Bolshevik era, 52 percent of the membership of the Soviet communist party was Jewish, though Jews comprised only 1.8 percent of the total population (Stuart Kahan, The Wolf of the Kremlin, p. 81)

The Germans have been given such a false complex about their history and thei hero Hitler that today they have the  lowest birthrates and the highest abortion rates of any nation in the world.



When you look dispassionately at the gruesome Jewish personalities, who are only the tip of the Jewish iceberg that was Soviet Communism and who were responsible for the deaths of upwards of thirty million people;  when we realize how little is written or filmed about their crimes, we begin to realize that the exclusive focus on the crimes of the Germans, real and imagined, is a function of Jewish propaganda.

If the facts about the Jewish Communist holocaust against the peasants and gentiles  of Russia and Eastern Europe were given massive publicity, the supposed "special evil" of the Germans would stand exposed as a racist fraud.

German actions during World War Two must be viewed in a vacuum in order for the New World Order to advance its covert objective of Jewish supremacy.

When Nazi actions are placed within the context of Jewish Communism's abominable crimes against the Christian people of Russia and Eastern Europe, the public will begin to understand that Hitler and the Nazis were a reaction, even if unbalanced and excessive, to the Jewish Communist genocide against millions of gentiles  and peasants in the East.

This is why the crucial facts about Jewish Communism must never be documented in Hollywood films, discussed in university courses or pictured in contemporary news magazines.  

Indeed, the Talmud is not a book to prepare a man for the hereafter, but only for a practical and profitable life in this world. --- Adolf Hitler (Mein Kampf)

I challenge any body on this planet to prove Hitler wrong , after reading the Jewish Talmud.   I have read it. 

Religion must be about love and fairness , NOT a guide on how to screw the daylights out of everybody except your own clan.


Hitler's had predicted as early as 1924, in his book Mein Kampf, that Bolshevism is Jewry's twentieth century effort to take world dominion unto itself.

Today out of hindsight in the year 2013, he was spot on.

Israel purports to be the only democracy in the middle east, but it's only a democracy for Jews.  Non-Jews are not considered equal.  


Only if your read the drive engine, Talmud can your understand the role of the Jews in organized crime, in the slave and opium drug trade, in the civil rights movement and in Communism, an ideology that is responsible for the deaths of untold millions and the repression of many millions more.

See the video below.



Above video: It is NOT worth watching this astonishingly immoral Talmud teachings-- but you MUST watch it.

The Talmud is a central text of Rabbinic Judaism. It is also traditionally referred to as Shas, the "six orders" of the Oral Law of Judaism. 

Now you know the Jew’s penchant for the figure SIX everywhere .

Below: But HEY-- sometimes 6 million becomes 4 million-- and then sometimes 1.5 million -- and today every body knows the real figure is just 10% of the 6 million figure.



The Talmud has two components: the Mishnah, the first written compendium of Judaism's Oral Law, and the Gemara , an elucidation of the Mishnah and related Tannaitic writings that often ventures onto other subjects and expounds broadly on the Hebrew Bible. 




The whole Talmud , and in standard print is over 6,200 pages long. It is written in Tannaitic Hebrew and Aramaic. The Talmud contains the opinions of thousands of rabbis on a variety of subjects, including law, ethics, philosophy, customs, history, theology, lore and many other topics. 

The Talmud is the basis for all codes of rabbinic law and is much quoted in other rabbinic literature.





The Jews world wide  has been expelled from 79 countries,  and from some countries more than once. Only the King of Calicut my home town gave them shelter, ever.   

A Hindu is a Jew's best friend.  I am a Hindu.

Punch into Google search- 

BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN  VADAKAYIL


It was Jews who stole advanced American and French nuclear secrets and gave them to Israel.  Israel has not signed the non-prolification treaty.  Israel has in excess of 250 nuclear weapons.  

Iran has never stolen nuclear secrets ,  has signed the non-proliferation treaty, and has insisted it does not want nuclear weapons.  

Who will be the cause of World war 3?  

The same as those responsible for WWI and WWII - the Jews.  

First two world wars to carve out the state of Israel and the third one to protect Israel from  perceived threats. 

History as presented in the Rothschild monopolized main stream media a set of foul propaganda and outright immoral lies.

The Zionist controlled western MSM promotes the idea that Jews  are always the victims.

They are never the perpetrator of genocide.  You don’t hear about the atrocities perpetrated by them especially against the gentiles.  The cult of victimhood must be  busted.

Truth will set us all free, --even the Jews ! 

Instead of laboring with ADL lies ( anti-defamation league ) the Jews must accept their past mistakes and make peace in their own hearts.   

Only then we can avoid a third world war, which the Jews will start sooner than later.

What is all this bullshit paranoia?

I want you to put your own name in google.

Then add your religion . 

EXAMPLE : SHARMA HINDU   or  JOHN CHRISTIAN.

All is fine--see !! .

Now punch in SHARMA JEW or JOHN JEW  .

All hell breaks loose now !!!!

Immediately at the bottom of the first page a warning will crop up— that Google is DISTURBED by your Jew search.

Then it warns you that Google’s search results relies heavily on computer algorithms .

So if you type in JEW in the search bar , your blog site or web site will become irrelevant— meaning they wont give it any importance .  And to top it up your ID will be flagged as a racist one.

” Sometimes subtleties of language cause anomalies to appear that cannot be predicted. A search for “Jew” brings up one such unexpected result” .



In the Bolshevik era, 54 percent of the membership of the Soviet communist party was Jewish, though Jews comprised only 1.72 percent of the total population.  Not many of you know that Stalin, Lenin, Marx, Trotsky were all Jews. Most of the murders committed during the Soviet holocaust were committed by Jews.
 .
Jewish Bolshevik made any form of Anti-Semitism illegal and punished it by death.  Accusations of anti Semitism were not investigated.  Alleged usurpers were either directly executed or sent to one of the Gulags, the real extermination camps run by Jews.   

SIX million Jews killed attributed to Hitler during WW2 ,  is grossly exaggerated to 10 times the actuals , tom tommed by Rothschild held main stream media and Hollywood..  

While exact figures will never be known, more than 100 Million people, mostly Slavic Christians perished during the wide spread ethnic cleansing imposed upon Russia by the Jewish Bolsheviks during the 74 years of the Jews sponsored totalitarian communism. The vast number of innocent people massacred by the Jews was so great, it remains and will likely forever be the greatest mass murder in human history.

Since WW2 the Jews in YSA and Israel have been preaching to the Germans, reminding them of the terrible crimes of their Nazi ancestors.  It is only fair and just that we all now turn our attention to the Communist Gulag Holocaust of 100 times greater proportion. We must expose the  Jews' role in its monstrous crimes and remind the Jews of what their criminal ancestors did to these millions of  innocent victims.

At least one hundred Soviet Communists generals were Jewish.  Generals who were not themselves Jewish often had Jewish wives.  To be on the right side and for faster promotions  This Jewish wife "insurance policy" extended to Politburo members such as Andrei Andreyev and Leonoid Brezhnev.  

80% of the Judeo-Communist commisars were Jewish.


Hitler's propaganda minister Goebbels was an amateur compared to the well-greased propaganda machine of the Zionist world-wide media-Scribes monopolized by big brother, who also owned British East India company which ruled India...Hitler was an angel when compared to the massive pain, suffering and deaths inflicted by the Russian Jews..

The Jewish Communist regime created the largest concentration camps and the most horrendous slave labour system of the 20th century, in which millions of gentiles  were slaughtered. None of these camps are being preserved for posterity. Most were destroyed long ago by special military brigades. 

The Gulag was headed by ethnic Jews from its beginning in 1930 until the end of 1938, a period that encompasses the worst excesses of the Great Terror. 

Ten years before the "Holocaust" of 6 million Jews ( sic!-- the figure of the Jews ) at the hands of bad German Nazis, there was the "Holodomor" of 7 million innocent gentiles at the hands of bad Russian Jews .



ENTER  GENRIKH  GRIGORYEVICH  YAGODA !!-- one of the greatest criminals in the annals of time.



Yagoda joined the Bolsheviks in 1907 and became a member of the presidium of the Cheka (Soviet secret police) in 1920. He was a deputy chairman of the Cheka’s successor organization, OGPU, from 1924 to 1934 and from 1930 was in charge of the system of forced-labour camps in the Soviet Union. 

A close, longtime associate of Stalin, Yagoda became in 1934 a member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party and was put in charge of the newly organized Commissariat of Internal Affairs, or NKVD, into which the secret police had been absorbed.

Genrikh Grigoryevich Yagoda was the Stalin appointed director of the NKVD, the Soviet Union's security and intelligence agency.

On July 10, 1934, Joseph Stalin appointed the Jew Yagoda as People's Commissar for Internal Affairs. Yagoda poisoned his superior Menzhinsky.


Genrik Yagoda was a complete contrast to the aristocratic Menzhinsky. He was of peasant origin from Latvia, lacking in education, uncouth in manners and speech, but possessed of an obstinate streak that refused to take "no" for an answer and a ruthless determination not to allow any man who served under him to make a mistake more than once.

It was Yagoda who ensured that the organisation was to be devoted entirely to dealing with Stalin's enemies. "The enemies of Stalin are the enemies of Russia," said Yagoda. "The enemies of others are of less account and can be dealt with by others. The Special Division is to ensure that no enemies of Stalin continue to live."

Practically everyone knows the "Hitler killed 6 million Jews" myth, but nobody  knows the "Yagoda  killed more than 10 million non-Jews" fact.   Stalin's Jewish henchman , Genrikh Yagoda, sporting the exact same funny moustache as Hitler..

Nobel prize winner and Historian Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn writes that when the Jewish commissar Genrikh Yagoda headed the Soviet secret police, and Yagoda's black vans went out every night in St. Petersburg, known then as Leningrad, to round up "class enemies": former members of the aristocracy--

-- former civil servants, former businessmen, former teachers and professors and professional people, any Russian -- any real Russian -- who had graduated from a university. A quarter of the population of the city was arrested and liquidated by Yagoda during this two-year period.

And Solzhenitsyn laments that the citizens of St. Petersburg cowered behind their doors when the black vans pulled up at their apartment houses night after night to arrest their neighbors. 

If only the decent Russians had fought back, Solzhenitsyn says, if only they had ambushed some of these secret police thugs in the hallways of their apartments with knives and pickaxes and hammers, if only they had spiked the tires of the police vans while the thugs were in the apartments dragging out their victims, they could easily have overwhelmed Yagoda's forces and forced an end to the mass arrests. 

But they didn't fight back, and the arrests and liquidations continued. And so, Solzhenitsyn concludes, because of their cowardice and their selfishness the Russians deserved what the communists did to them.



Yagoda managed the Gulag system.  Russian citizens were rounded up by the millions and put into Soviet forced-labor camps called gulags. Many gulag prisoners died from over-work, malnourishment or disease. Prisoners were also abused - for example, some were forced to eat human feces.  




Above: The last breath on planet earth for this unfortunate man.

Other were routinely beaten or left in freezing temperatures. A prisoner who was unable to reach quota - i.e. perform a set amount of work per day - was deprived of food or other necessities, which often led to the prisoner's death. 




The gulags were usually located in very remote areas of Russia, meaning that even if a prisoner managed to escape, he would probably not reach a populated area and would then die from exposure to the elements. ? 

We hear almost nothing in the news and the Hollywood and entertainment media about Yagoda and the legion of murderers who killed several times more people than the alleged numbers of Jewish Holocaust.  Do you think those victims any less human, their children any less precious?

Why is there so little media about this?  Why no Blockbuster films about the crimes of Yagoda and others?  Why no trials and punishment? Why no museums and mass media on the Red Terror?


The Zionist group that dominates Hollywood and the main stream media at large, hides the facts about the leading Jewish role in communism and its crimes.


Yagoda was ultimately a victim of the Purge himself.  He was demoted from the directorship of the NKVD in favor of Nikolai Yezhov in 1936, and arrested in 1937.  Charged with the crimes of wrecking, espionage, Trotskyism, and conspiracy, Yagoda was found guilty and shot.  He was replaced as chief hangman in 1936 by Yezhov, the "bloodthirsty Jewish dwarf."

His successor and former deputy Yezhov ordered the guards to strip Yagoda naked and beat him for added humiliation just before his execution. Yagoda tried pleading with Stalin that he had built two canals for him.



Indeed Yagoda built two canals for Stalin.  As deputy head of the GPU,  Yagoda organized the building of the White Sea – Baltic Canal using forced labor from the Gulag system at breakneck speed between 1931 and 1933 at the cost of huge casualties. For his contribution to the canal’s construction he was later awarded the Order of Lenin.  



The construction of the Moscow-Volga Canal was also started under his watch but only completed after his fall by his successor Nikolai Yezhov.  



More than a quarter of a million people were arrested during the 1934–1935 period and the Gulag system was vastly expanded under his stewardship, forced labor becoming a major factor in the Soviet economy.

The Great Stalin White Sea Canal. is a ship canal in Russia opened on 2 August 1933. It connects the White Sea with Lake Onega, which is further connected to the Baltic Sea. Until 1961, its original name was the Stalin White Sea – Baltic Sea Canal (Belomorsko–Baltiyskiy Kanal imeni Stalina).  



The canal was constructed by forced labour ( gulag ) inmates. During its construction by a total of 126,000 workers,  more than 210, 000 died.



The total length of the canal is 227 kilometres . Its construction was completed four months ahead of schedule.  The entire canal was constructed in twenty months, between 1931 and 1933, almost entirely by manual labor, using hands and primitive tools .  




Above: Stalin inspecting the new canal.

Genrikh Yagoda,  Deputy Chairman of the OGPU, was awarded medals for the completion of the canal by the Politburo on July 15, 1933 .  Today this canal lies useless as it is too shallow .




Yagoda , the chief administrator for the White Sea Canal laid engraved in stone  norms for labor. For example, for digging by hand, the norm was 2.5 cubic metres of stone per day per brigade.  



hese teams were pitted to compete in an unhealthy manner against each other in surpassing the norms, and promises were made of shortened sentences, food and cash bonuses for those who would - however, the norms were impossible to fulfill, let alone surpass. 

So what exactly  is Holodomor?

The word Holodomor comes from Ukrainian words and means "death by starvation". Famine in Ukraine was brought on to decrease the number of Ukrainians, replace the dead with people from other parts of the USSR, and thereby to kill the slightest thought of any Ukrainian independence. 



After 255 fake holocaust Hollywood movies there still is NO true Holodomor movie in sight. 

The Jews want the world to believe that they have a monopoly on “Holocaust Remembrances.” But Ukraine’s President Viktor Yushchenko has thrown the Jews a curve by dedicating 2008 as “Ukrainian Holocaust Remembrance Year”  .

This “holocaust remembrance” recalls the murder by forced starvation of  7 million Ukrainian gentiles by the Jewish Bolsheviks.  The Ukrainians call this holocaust “Holodomor” which means “Famine-Genocide.” Of course the Zionist Jews deny it.  Just like they deny all of their numerous crimes against humanity. 




Indeed, Bolshevik Jews were the chief architects of the Ukrainian forced-famine which eliminated the entire Ukrainian orthodox clergy and 7 million Ukrainian Orthodox Christians.

During the bitter winter of 1932-33,  more than 25000 Ukrainians per day were being shot or died of starvation and cold. Cannibalism was rampant , just to survive. The mass murder of seven million Ukrainians, three million of them children, and deportation to the gulag of two million more (where most died) was hidden by Jewish  propaganda.





The Bolshevik Jews seized livestock, crops, grain, and farm implements from the Ukrainian peasants.  Any Ukrainian citizen who resisted them was shot.  Desperate Ukrainian peasants ate anything to survive: bugs, grass, and leather shoes . This was probably one of the bloodiest genocidal revolutions ever perpetrated. 




Yagoda crushed the resistance of Ukrainian farmers to forced collectivization. Ukraine was sealed off. All food supplies and livestock were confiscated. NKVD death squads executed "anti-party elements."  

Furious that insufficient Ukrainians were being shot, later on, Jew Stalin set a  minimum quota  at 10,000 executions a week.  Eighty percent of Ukrainian intellectuals were shot.




The Rothschild controlled U.S., British, and Canadian governments, however, were well aware of the genocide, but closed their eyes, even blocking aid groups from going to Ukraine.

The Jews took away all the food in the richest food growing belt in Russia, to cause the starvation of 7 million Ukrainians,  derisively known as Kulaks, in the Holodomor in the winter between 1932 and 1933.

Genrikh Yagoda assisted in the first Five-Year Plan of starving Ukrainian peasants . The aim of Stalin’s first Five-Year Plan in the Ukraine was to destroy family farms through starvation making the peasants “landless” and thereby introducing “collectivization” by which the Ukrainian peasants were forced to become employees of the state.  




Above: Effect of the Talmud.

This forced-famine reached its crises point in 1932.  The fear engendered by constant surveillance and the creation of imaginary "enemies of the people " transformed ordinary people into voiceless traumatised sheep afraid even to bleat.

When war came, U.S. President Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt and British PM Winston Churchill ( whose mother is Rothschild ) allied themselves closely to Stalin, though they were well aware his regime had murdered at least 30 million people long before Hitler's alleged extermination of Jews and gypsies began. 

 

Yet in the strange moral calculus of mass murder, only Germans were guilty. Though Stalin murdered several times more people than Hitler, to Roosevelt he remained "Uncle Joe."

Better late than never, on 23 October 2008 the European Union  Parliament adopted a resolution that recognized the Holodomor as a crime against humanity.

Nobel prize winner and ex-gulag inmate , Solzhenitsyn's writings about the Jewish leadership of the Soviet Holocaust is viewed as a grave threat to the Jewish Plan for global supremacy. 

Solzhenitsyn opined in Izvestia that 1930s famine on the Ukraine was no different from the Russian famine of 1921 as both were caused by the ruthless robbery of peasants by Jewish Bolshevik grain procurements. 

According to him, the lie of the Holodomor being genocide was invented decades later after the event, and Ukrainian effort to have the famine recognized as genocide is an act of historical revisionism that has now surpassed the level of Bolshevik agitprop.  

On the eruption of World War II, millions of Gulag prisoners were forced by the Jewish Bolsheviks to go fight against the Germans.  

They had Jews behind their lines waiting to shoot anyone who would failed to fight in a reckless manner , and then there also was the threat of them returning to the Gulag which was the most hellish place in the entire world so each would rather die on a battlefield than go back. 

That is a primary reason why Russians fought Germans so ferociously, even though Germans came to Russia as liberators, not conquerors.

Has anybody ever seen  films and books ( controlled by Jews ) about the millions of human beings worked, frozen and starved to death in the construction of the White Sea-Baltic Canal, over which stood a triumphant, colossal statue of the Judaic Communist mass murderer Genrikh Yagoda?

Yagoda sold prisoners  to contractors .

How many of you have seen Schindler’s list?.



Above: In the movie made by the Jew Spielberg , the Jews were persecuted.

The financial side of the scheme was in Yagoda's hands, and occasioned abuses unheard of even in the U.S.S.R.  The administration of the penal camps sold prisoners by special contracts.  

The price of these slaves varied from 200 to 400 roubles for an engineer or skilled mechanic, 50 to 100 roubles for a skilled labourer, and 10 to 20 roubles for an ordinary workman or peasant.



According to Yagoda's system the buyers received the human cargo without undertaking to return them when the work was finished.  A state subsidy was provided for the upkeep of their slaves according to original lists, whereby the decrease of the number of prisoners dying from starvation and ill-treatment became a net profit.

The statue that Yagoda made for himself (like our own Mayawati ) was more than 80 feet high in reinforced concrete . It was so strong and solid that when Yagoda was executed , all human efforts to smash it down failed. 

Finally dynamite had to be used to destroy it.



You must understand, the leading Bolsheviks who took over Russia were not Russians.  They hated Russians.  They hated Christians.  Driven by ethnic hatred they tortured and slaughtered millions of Russians without a shred of human remorse.  It cannot be overstated.  Bolshevism committed the greatest human slaughter of all time.  The fact that most of the world is ignorant and uncaring about this enormous crime is proof that the global media is in the hands of the perpetrators."  -Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

Below:  Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn


While today, academia, the media and Hollywood rightly keep attention focused on Hilter’s pumped up Holocaust, they all  ignore Ukraine.   We still hunt Nazi killers, but not evil and sadist Jewish  killers. There are few photos of the Ukraine genocide or Stalin's gulag, and fewer living survivors. Dead men tell no tales.



Enter Jewish banker Jacob Henry Schiff .



The Jews who came to Russia from New York in 1917 ,to kick start the Bolshevik revolution were funded by Jew Jacob Schiff, Rothschild’s agent banker who owned The Guaranty National Trust, the largest bank in the United States.  

He personally financed Lenin and Trotsky USD 35 million for the Red Revolution .

The Bolshevik revolution was funded by Rothschild’s agents in USA.  




The political theory of Communism was entirely Jewish from its inception . Karl Marx was related by blood to Rothschild. The Bolshevik Revolution was funded entirely by Rothschild’s agent  bankers.

Jakob Heinrich Schiff also helped finance,  the Japanese military efforts against Tsarist Russia in the Russo-Japanese War.

Born in Frankfurt, Germany, Schiff migrated to the United States after the American civil war, and joined the firm Kuhn, Loeb & Co.  From his base on Wall Street, he was the foremost Jewish leader from 1880 to 1920 in what later became known as the "Schiff era", grappling with all major Jewish issues and problems of the day, including the plight of Russian Jews under the Tsar,



Ashkenazi Jewish rabbinical family that traced its lineage in Frankfurt back to 1370.  

Jacob’s father  Moses Schiff, was a broker for the Rothschilds .

Rothschild would make the Tsar pay for being an anti-semite , by getting his entire family murdered. Rothschilds also had a multi-generational feud with the Czars of Russia, the only royalty who would not cooperate with the Rothschilds.  



The Bolsheviks Jews ended the feud in 1918 by butchering Czar Nicholas II, his wife, his son and his four daughters.   As if to say, “Let that be a lesson”.—

It was actually Schiff,   who gave the order to kill the Tsar and his family--- Jacob Schiff  made a public announcement that it was due to his financial influence that the Russian revolution was successfully accomplished . 

Rothschild always worked from the shadows.  

In the Spring 1917 Jacob Schiff started to finance Trotsky, a Jew, for the purpose of accomplishing a social revolution in Russia. ----When the Mormon Church needed financing in the late 19th century, they went to Kuhn, Loeb Co.

Jacob Schiff grew up in the house that the Rothschild's had at 148 Judengasse, Frankfurt.  Jacob Schiff came to the United States with Rothschild capital and took over control of a small jewish banking concern founded by two Cincinnati dry goods merchants Abraham Kuhn and Solomon Loeb.  He  married Soloman's daughter. In 1885, Loeb retired, and Schiff ran the Kuhn, Loeb Co. for Rothschilds until 1920 when he died.

Jacob Schiff, was thus boss of the Rothschild-owned Kuhn, Loeb and Co and also one of the  Rothschild’s agents in America.

How President Wilson was elected in 1912 was one of the all a part of the conspiracy organized by Jacob Schiff and his New York banking fraternity at the meeting at Jekyll Island in Georgia in 1908.-- The conspirators led by Jacob Schiff enlisted the help of former President Theodore Roosevelt, a Jewish Republican and convinced him to run on the third party Bull Moose ticket and split the Republican vote.  

President Robert Taft, a well respected Republican, was running for re-election in the Presidential election scheduled for 1912. The scheme worked and Woodrow Wilson was elected President in the 1912 election and when the Federal Reserve Act came to his desk in 1913, he rewarded his bankers and signed the act into law.

The Rothschilds along with Jacob Schiff thus created the major events of the 20th century by providing the key funding for the Bolsheviks, Lenin and Trotsky.   The Russian Revolution of 1917 eventually led to the domination of Eastern Europe by Communist Russia after World War II, the Korean War, the Vietnam War and all conflicts associated with the Cold War.  

Max Moritz Warburg the German banker and agent of Rothschild funded Lenin and his revolutionaries. Jacob Schiff gave a known $20 million to Lenin.  J.P. Morgan & Co. another agent of Rothschild also financed the Bolshevik revolution.  
  
Jew Lenin was a student of  Jew Karl Marx. He thirsted for revenge as his elder  brother, Alexander, was hung in 1887 along with four comrades for conspiring to assassinate Czar Alexander II, the grandfather of Nicholas II. 



In 1903, in London, he initiated a split in the Russian Social-Democratic Workers Party, which was completed in 1912, and became known as the All Russian Communist Party in 1918. His left-wing faction became known as the Bolsheviks, or "bolshinstvo," which meant "majority" (the Menshevicks, or "menshinstvo," meant "minority").  

The movement was slow to catch on, and by 1907, he only had 17 members, but he would soon have over 40,000—such was the power of Rothschild’s money..  

Jew Leon Trotsky was exiled from Russia because of his part in the aborted revolution in 1905 and was a reporter for Novy Mir, a communist paper in New York, from 1916-17.  




He had an expensive apartment and traveled around town in a chauffeur-driven limousine. He sometimes stayed at the Krupp mansion, and had been seen going in and out of Schiff's New York mansion. Leon Trotsky was given $20 million in Jacob Schiff gold

After the assassination of Tsar Alexander II in 1881, there was a wave of pogroms in Russia against the Jewish community. This led to a large increase in Jews leaving Russia.  Of these, more than 90 per cent settled in the United States -- all moaning and complaining to one and all about how cruely and unfairly the Jews in Russia were being treated.  

They would never mention that the Jews  had agitated for revolution in 1848, or that they had assassinated the Tsar in 1881, or of course, that they would agitate for another revolution in 1905 and finally suceed in subjugating Russia in 1917.  

Nope, that part of history was uninteresting and unimportant. "All The News That Was Fit To Print" was already being given to America through America's Pravda, The New York Times and Rothschild held media.  
The hands of Jewish Pharisees were always clean—till the internet age. 

After murdering the Tsar and his family in cold blood on 17th July 1918, the head of the Communist secret police Jew Moisei Uritsky, would ignite the Red Terror of Sept- Oct of 1918, as ordered by Jew Yakov Sverdlov, who was also the man responsible for ordering the extermination of the entire Romanov family in cold blood.  

Indeed, under a law introduced by Tsar Alexander III following the assassination of his father, Tsar Alexander II  ( murdered by Jewish terrorist organization Narodnaya Volya  on 13th March 1881 )  all Russian Jews were forced to live in what became known as the Pale of Jewish Settlement.

Exceptions were made for rich business people, students and for certain professions. The Pale comprised the ten Polish and fifteen neighbouring Russian provinces, stretching from Riga to Odessa, from Silesia to Vilna and Kiev.

Tsar Nicholas I was hated by the Jews as he would not allow them to escape compulsory military duty as Alexander I had done by just paying a tax.   

Tsar Alexander II was murdered with a bomb in 1881, by the very Jews that he had given freedom to. 



There were three bomb detonations in quick succession.




Shortly after the October Revolution in 1917, some Russian patriots took to the arms and stood up to the murderous Jew,  but utilizing unlimited financial resources made available by Rothschild the Jews were able to crush the brave Russians and punish them severely. 

Rothschild snatched away the enormous wealth of the Tsars . After the communist rule was established, the entire wealth of the common Russian people were vacuumed off .  Under Communist rule no private property was allowed.  

The base of Rothschild’s trillions of dollars wealth is however gold from the Kerala temples.   Rothschild’s allowed Tipu Sultan to make a pile of this gold at Srirangapatnam by doing all the sweaty dirty work of destroying the temples , like the Queen Bee gathering honey.  

Then in one foul swoop they carted away the gold earned by millenniums of spice trade,  to their underground gold cellars in Germany.

The Jewish run Gulag is recognized as a major instrument of political repression in the Soviet Union. The German concentration camps of Hitler were picnic camps in comparison.

GULag is the acronym for Chief Administration of Corrective Labor Camps and Colonies . The Gulag labour camps were dissolved on January 13, 1960. The first labor camps, were established right after the Red revolution, in 1918.

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn, winner of the 1970 Nobel Prize in Literature, introduced the term to the Western world with the publication of The Gulag Archipelago in 1973. He explained how the Gulag was a evil system where people were worked to death.  In March 1940, there were 53 separate camps and 423 labor colonies in the USSR.

About 14 million people were in the Gulag "labor camps" from 1929 to 1953. A further 6-7 million were deported and exiled to remote areas of the USSR, and 4-5 million passed through "labor colonies. It was common practice to release prisoners who were either suffering from incurable diseases or just on the point of death, or if they were totally crippled.

The estimates for total number deaths in the Gulag is in tens of millions. You will never know the exact figure as the world media is Jew monopolized.

Simple jokes about the Jewish  Soviet government officials who lived comfortable in dachas  were punishable by imprisonment. 

Most of the  political prisoners in the Gulag camps were imprisoned without trial. The GULAG was reduced in size following Stalin’s death in 1953.

Russian prisoners once called the "meat-grinder": the arrests, the interrogations, the transport in unheated cattle cars, the forced labor, the destruction of families, the years spent in exile, the early and unnecessary deaths.

The official term, "corrective labor camp", was suggested for official politburo of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union use in the session of July 27, 1929.

During 1920-50, the Jewsih leaders of the Communist Party and Soviet state considered repressions as a tool for securing the normal functioning of the state system.

The Gulag was invented to isolate  suspicious, anti-semitic or  disloyal elements whose thoughts were not contributing to the strengthening of the dictatorship of the proletariat.

Gulag quickly became a source of cheap labor force where workers had NO rights.

Two birds with one single stone, the Gulag possessed both punitive and economic functions.



In order to complete all of their projects, camp administrators moved prisoners from project to project. The Jew commisars pushed the Gulag to “do more with less. The NKVD employed a system of setting unrealistically high production goals, straining resources in an attempt to encourage higher productivity. 

Due to the speed of Operation Barbarossa’s advance, not all laborers could be evacuated in time, and many were massacred by the NKVD to prevent the vengeful inmates  from switching allegiance to Hitler. When the tide of the war turned however, and the Soviets pushed the Germans back, the camps were replenished with fresh laborers—pulled in on flimsy reasons without trial.



As the Red Army recaptured territories from the Germans, an influx of POW’s greatly increased the Gulag population

After World War II the number of inmates in prison camps and colonies, again, rose sharply, reaching approximately 4 million people by the early 1950s

The amnesty in March 1953 was limited to non-political prisoners and for political prisoners sentenced to not more than 5 years.

Officially the Gulag was liquidated by the MVD order No 020 of 25 January 1960.

A big percentage of the prisoners had deteriorated to the point of losing any resemblance to human beings.  



Lacking food . . . these lice ridden and maggot prisoners collect garbage and ate rats, cockroaches and made soup of maggots from their own bodies and from dead bodies..



Siberian camps, devoted either to gold-mining or timber harvesting,  inflicted the greatest toll in the Gulag system and were actually  extermination centres.



At the Kolyma gold-fields, where “outside work for prisoners was compulsory until the temperature reached −50 deg Centigrade and the death rate among miners in the goldfields was estimated at about 60 per cent per annum.

Locals who captured a runaway were given rewards. 



Gulags in colder areas not bothered with finding escaped prisoners as they would die anyhow from the cold and severe winters.  Every prisoners who did escape without getting shot were often found dead miles away from the camp. 

At least they died free.



Escape was deterred by human meat eating  tracking dogs that were assigned to each camp. If a prisoner escaped under a guard's watch, the guard would often be stripped of his uniform and become a Gulag inmate himself. Further, if an escaping prisoner was shot, guards could be fined amounts that were often equivalent to one or two weeks wages.



The area along the Indigirka river was known as the Gulag inside the Gulag. In 1926, the Oimiakon  village in this region registered the record low temperature of −71.2 °C (−96 °F). With howling winds, you get frostbite in an instant.



Under the supervision of Lavrenty Beria who headed both NKVD and the Soviet Atom bomb program until his demise in 1953, thousands of zeks were used to mine uranium ore and prepare test facilities on Novaya Zemlya, Vaygach Island, Semipalatinsk, among other sites.

Throughout the history of the Soviet Union, at least 476 separate camp administrations existed.



Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's book The Gulag Archipelago was not the first literary work about labor camps. His previous book on the subject, "One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich", about a typical day of the Gulag inmate, was originally published in the most prestigious Soviet monthly, Novy Mir, (New World), in November 1962, but was soon banned by the Jews and withdrawn from all libraries.



Above: Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn

Soviet state documents show that the goals of the gulag included colonization of sparsely populated remote areas.



When obedient had served the majority of their terms, they could be released for "free settlement" outside the confinement of the camp. They were known as "free settlers". Any concealment of a previous imprisonment was a triable offence. 



My Russian Chief Officer’s grandfather was in the Gulag.  They were from Murmansk and used to extreme cold.  But his grandfather lost his legs due to frost bit in the Gulag and came home before his term expired.  

He would NOT speak about the Gulag to anybody –NOT one word.  He would sit quite throughout the day, like a robot, not looking as his wife and children.  He would pick up even a speck of food which had fallen out of his plate. All his belongings he would keep in a straight line.

He was a rich man as a youngster.  One day he exposed some Jewish commissar corruption and since he was busy and had to go out of town , he gave a sealed letter to his best friend to post.  The same night the secret  police came and whisked him away .

He was in the Gulag without trial.  He was put to work in a icy area with severe winds  and soon lost his legs.
He did NOT know what transpired.  When his best friend was about to die, at the last hour , he asked for his crippled friend to be brought to his home on a wheel chair . 

He begged for forgiveness for snitching. 

 He confessed that he steamed opened the letter,  and informed the Jew commissar for return favors.  
Such was the catharsis that he started talking to his family , and came out of his self imposed shell.




Above:  Three Jews who carved out Israel -  Stalin, FD Roosevelt and Winston Churchill .


Every ex-communist East European country officer has sailed under my command— even from land locked countries like Moldova.  Poland, Rumania, Bulgaria, Georgia, Ukraine, Russia , Croatia, Serbia , Estonia, Latvia, Lithuania, Albania etc. 

I know a lot of true stories, which I took in over Vodka ,  but I cant put it here--  it will be too shocking.  I had a very good friend , a Chief Engineer , who was a Jew , and also a high member in the Communist party.


During Communist rule ( till USSR broke up ), every Russian merchant ship had a political commissar.  This was a hangover from the past days. This commissar was NOT a Jew.   He was more powerful than the Captain.   At the end of the voyage he would send his report to the Soviet Communist party.   

Sometimes there was a hidden crew  commissar,  creating fear and mistrust.  Even walls had ears.

A bad report could mean a Siberian camp, with a trial of course.  Soviet sailors were allowed to go ashore only in groups of three.   They had to come back at the time, the commissar decided.  Nobody could buy more than 2 pairs of American jeans.  

This commissar could never go ashore.   Usually the Captain would get to take the most attractive Russian stewardess to bed at night, as a  concession.   Also the crew were allowed to have Vodka and get drunk,  as a concession.. 

The one thing I realized early with these people with altered DNA programming was that  they mistake sweetness for weakness.   I used to be a strict martinet , which went against my true nature.  Most of them had FAKE certification and very poor in their professional duties.

I never sacked anybody,  as they earned good money and had lovely families back home.  It would go against my conscience to sack them, who got a massive break.   Instead I  would give corporal punishment and even draw blood , when warranted.



Above video: Red commie Jewish revolution financed from USA 


Enter the evil Jew Naftaly Aronovich Frenkel--



Frenkel  founded the Gulag death camp system .  He was a member of the Soviet secret police.
In 1923 he was arrested as a smuggler for "illegally crossing borders". He was sentenced to 10 years' hard labor on Solovetsky.  The Solovetsky Islands, in the White Sea, came to be known as the "first camp of the Gulag".

Being a fellow Jew , he had the sympathy of the Jewish Commisars.  

He rose rapidly from prisoner to staff member by snitching and his proposal to the camp administration that they link inmates' food rations to their rate of production, the proposal known as nourishment scale . He would tell his Jewish commissars who worked the least, and they would get shot.

Soon our man Frenkel was caught snitching and was about to be lynched by the other inmates.  So surprise-surprise , he gets catapulted to camp commander, and takes revenge on those people who were a threat to him..

Frenkel met Stalin in the 1930s and was protected by Stalin during the Party purge years. Even today historians are at a loss to figure out how  Frenkel was promoted from prisoner to guard in a surprisingly short period.

So what if he is Turkish— he is a JEW and that is more important.

Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn claims in his book that Frenkel personally invented the notorious you-eat-as-you-work system, also known as the nourishment scale, which destroyed weaker prisoners in weeks and would later cause uncounted casualties.

Frenkel was awarded the Order of Lenin –hold your breath-- three times (August 4, 1933, July 22, 1940, September 16, 1943) and the title Hero of Socialist Labo

Frenkel supervised the building of the White Sea - Baltic Canal for Yagoda.

Naftaly Frenkel, it seems  told Stalin that using millions of prisoners for "corrective labor," he could build the canal, said to be impossible at the time.   The area is frozen and covered with heavy boulders.  Overnight 120,000 "corrective workers" were dumped there without adequate housing, clothing, food or health facilities.    

There they lived in tents with lice.  No bulldozers or derricks helped in their efforts.  They worked twelve hour shifts.  They died by the score. 

Stalin got his 13 foot deep canal on April 1933,in 20 months flat—a superhuman effort..  for the workers had no equipment other than picks, shovels and wheel barrows.





The revolution occurred in Russia, and although a percentage of Russians participated in it due to material gains,it was not a 'Russian Revolution'  at all.

It was led by remote control by Rothschild .   See how easy it is for  shock mercenary troops to take over a  mighty empire.   Rothschild used his mercenary Hessian troops in India as well as in USA.




Upon achieving total power, their deep, psychopathic, racist hatred became manifest in the greatest bloodbath and human slaughter of all time.  



Mossad hunted down the so called Nazi  mass murderers , even in Argentina and made a huge HOO HAAA about it.  Several Hollywood movies were made.  Thousands of books were written praising the determination of the brave Jews...

But were the German really mass murderers?

Or was it all a great sham show to put everybody in fog .  Like the real bank robber pretending to be wounded and unconscious.

Hitler’s No 2 , Rudolf Hess was air dropped with a personal letter from Hilter ,  to meet the English king, to avoid WW2.  The British king had German blood.   But the Jews  caught Hess and declared him insane.

Punch into Google search-

RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN WHO WAS FRAMED VADAKAYIL

Because of this deceit by Churchill ( whose Jewish mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild ) millions died.

Does anybody care?

None of these criminals in Russia faced trial for their horrific crimes against humanity.   Of course lot of paranoid Jews killed Jews to be more secure.

More importantly they have never faced the natural justice court of popular revulsion.

 Why? 

Because these communist perpetrators have been shielded by their Talmud tribal brethren who have a TOTAL monopoly on world finance, media, academia and governments. .  They were at the nexus of the greatest slaughter and mass human suffering in history—and deleted every record of it.

Because Nikola Tesla refused to give Rothschild’s US agent JP Morgan, the blueprints of future EMPs and scalar interferometry star wars , have you seen how he got totally deleted from history.

How many children of today know that the most valuable invention for mankind AC electricity was invented by Nikola Tesla?

Have you noticed the Al Jazeera of the Saddam Kuwait war and the Al Jazeera of today?

Alexander Solzhenitsyn has written in his book  "Gulag Archipelago," how the communists in Russia, consisted of only the Jews and a tiny minority of mercenary Russian criminals and immoral bribed opportunists were able to maintain their grip on all of Russia by keeping the Russian majority, who hated them,  too frightened to resist.  They would make parents eat the genitals of their own children as severe retribution.

Rothschild monopolized media and Hollywood has shoved the Russian Holocaust into the history's black hole.  Sorry, much against the laws of nature,  buried history will re-cross the event horizon,  in this internet age.

At the end of World War II, Stalin's gulag held 5.5 million prisoners, 23% of them Ukrainians and 6% Baltic peoples.  The Chechen independence fighters who today are branded as "terrorists" by the U.S. and Russia are the grandchildren of survivors of Soviet concentration camps.

Louis Marschalko, Special Correspondent; Playwright and Poet affirmed: “Out of 3,000 people employed on the staff at the Nuremberg Courts, 2,400 were Jews.” Many of them wore uniforms to which they had no entitlement.  In the Nuremberg courtrooms crowded with exultant Jews a torrent of lies, distortions and fake evidence, provided by bogus witness, were hurled at the ill fated prisoners in the dock. 

The questioning of witness or their allegations was denied. Each of the prisoners faces revealed evidence of deliberately induced torture and lack of sleep.

Jew General Eisenhower ‘s vast  open mud pits  for German POWs killed 1.7 million . Have you ever seen a story about this real holocaust on TV, Hollywood movies, etc?

When the Soviets finally allowed the Red cross access to the classified records in 1989, it was revealed in 46 books the names of those that died at Auschwitz and the causes of death. THE TOTAL: 70,000.

Most historians agree that it is impossible that six million people were gassed in gas chambers and then burned in a crematorium. The fact shows that it would have taken 68 years to gas 6 million people, and that it would take 35 years to cremate 6 million bodies if the crematoriums at the camps operated 24 hours a day, every day, cremating the maximum number of bodies that they could hold.

The most horrendous rape on the planet happened to German women after WW2.   More than two million German women were raped and Jew Gen Eisenhower ordered condoms to be shipped  from USA.   There is a record maintained of these condoms.

It is better to be united in truth
Than to be united in error.

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals,
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills.

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie.

It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.
- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)

Rothschild got his media to print after WW2 , that Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre the French Marxist philosopher said that the Gulag never existed.   For this foul LIE Sartre was awarded the 1964 Nobel Prize in Literature . He refused it to prove with great fanfare to show one and all that he has a great conscience.  The souls of Stalin's millions of Gulag victims still cry out for justice.

Hitler gave his so called victims several opportunities to flee Europe during the 1930s - and many did.  But the Soviets Communist Jews didn't give their victims a chance to flee Russia.  A sad footnote to the genocide committed in the Soviet state is that no major Soviet officials were ever legally charged with committing murder,  even after the fall of the Soviet Union, with Crypto Jew Gorbachev’s Perestroika and Glasnost. 

Nazi 'war criminals' were executed by the allies using Kangaroo courts , even when they did not commit any murders.  German navy admiral Karl Doenitz, who was jailed for 10 years after WWII for the "crime" of commanding Germany's navy during the war.

By way, the Boer War IN South Africa was started by Rothschild's agent, Lord Alfred Milner  of German Jew ancestry.  He was in Russia just before the Tsar was toppled.   



Milner was the chief author of the Balfour Declaration of 1917, although it was issued in the name of Arthur Balfour.  


It must be noted that Gandhi assisted Rothchild Jews in the Boer war to grab South Africa's gold, diamonds and minerals. .  During the Boer war, 15% of the black Afrikaner population was rounded up, interned, and starved to death in Jewish Rothschild run concentration camps .


A notorious homosexual , Cecil Rhodes was a Rothschild agent sent to South Africa to work with secret societies to secure the gold deposits  De Beers was established with funding from NM Rothschild & Sons Limited in 1887, and Cecil John Rhodes was named Founding Chairman of De Beers in 1888.
Today a Rhodes scholarshsip mean you are the cat’s whiskers , right?



Above : Cecil Rhodes-- Rothschild's agent.

This cannot be in this post or it will get too long.



Above : Lord Alfred Milner 

Wanna know what happened to the statues of Stalin, Lenin and Karl Marx in Russia?







But in Kolkota they still worship these statues.



Hey, Communists Bongs-- see the video below!


Three days after his death due to Neuro Syphilis , Petrograd was renamed Leningrad in his honor, so remaining until 1991, when the USSR disintegrated.

Lenin was embalmed and permanently exhibited in Lenin's Mausoleum, in Moscow, on 27 January 1924.

Rothschild controlled Time Magazine also named Lenin one of the 100 most important people of the 20th century, and one of their top 25 political icons of all time; remarking that "for decades, Marxist–Leninist rebellions shook the world while Lenin's embalmed corpse lay in repose in the Red Square"


Then why have all of Jew Lenin’s statues come down , which Russian people were spitting on ?  And why has Leningrad been renamed to St Petersberg ?  

Pray? 

Prithee?

Hitler’s so called holocaust derived sympathy is still being used to  cover up Israel's crimes of ethnic cleansing and murder of the indigenous Palestinians.

It was Lenin who signed a decree calling for the establishment of The All-Russian Extraordinary Commission for Combating Counter-Revolution and Sabotage, also known as Cheka.

Within a short period of time, Cheka became the largest and cruelest state security organization. Its organizational structure was changed every few years, as were its names: From Cheka to GPU, later to NKVD, and later to KGB.

Cheka was responsible for in its various manifestations, but the number is surely at least 20 million, including victims of the forced collectivization, the hunger, large purges, expulsions, banishments, executions, and mass death at Gulags.

Lenin, Stalin, and their successors could not have carried out their deeds without wide-scale cooperation of disciplined "terror officials," cruel interrogators, slimy snitches, executioners, guards, corrupt judges, perverts, and many bleeding hearts who were members of the progressive Western Left and were deceived by the Soviet regime of horror and even provided it with a kosher certificate.  How much money would have been sunk to buy such loyalities from non-Jews ?

In 1934, according to published statistics, 41 percent of those holding the most senior posts in this Soviet security apparatus engaged in a carnival of mass murder were of Jewish origin.  No revolution in the history of mankind devoured its own children with the same unrestrained gleeful appetite as did the Red revolution.

Poor Lenin and Stalin never thought there will be an Internet era .   Marx though that he could hide his blood relationship with Rothschild.

Jews are "really Jews" only when they're good; when they're evil, their Jewishness is cast off and they assume some other identity.

Wikipedia always over prints the Jewishness of a good Jew.  

So Einstein is Jewish, but Stalin , Yagoda and Beria are not?

How does the world permit an argument that a person will be a Jew when he does great things, but not considered Jewish when he does amazingly despicable things?

Jews are unwilling to confront the history of significant numbers of their own people committing savage atrocities, so they downplay their own origin, rewrite history, and forget it.  

But in this internet age, the Jews cannot escape the Jewishness of their own evil hangmen,  who served the Red Terror with loyalty.

Perhaps it's time for the world to remind the Jews of their own history." The truth is never anti semitic. The only thing anti semitic is Jews denying their own history.

To only way out is for the Jews and ADL and AIPAC to accept their true past history and be at peace with it — and move on in life.  And the community will be respected for shedding this cloak and dagger heritage. The good Jews are suffering today-- NOW for the misdeeds of some evil Jews in the past.













Enter Nikolai Ivanovich Yezhov --
    



Our man Yezhov was not Jewish but he married a very promiscuous and sexually active Jewish woman, as a flimsy insurance policy. . 

He was Stalin's grand inquisitor and official extractor of  confessions, who succeeded Yagoda.  Yagoda was but the first of thousands to die by Yezhov's orders


Nikolai Ivanovich Yezhov ( or Ezhov )  was the chairman of the Soviet secret police NKVD who conducted Great Purge in the 1930s under Joseph Stalin. . 

Under Yezhov, the Great Purge reached its height during 1937–1938, with more than 70%  of the members of the Supreme Soviet and officers of the Soviet military being stripped of their positions and imprisoned, exiled to the Siberian gulags or executed without trials . Reason? Lack of loyalty ( hand kissing ) , snitching, enemy of state etc.  And Stalin had his arbitrary quotas for arrests and executions every week.

Earlier in 1938, Yezhov had even ordered the arrest of higher ranking Beria, who was Communist party chief in Georgia.  However, Georgian NKVD chief, Sergei Goglidze, warned Beria, who immediately flew to Moscow to see Stalin personally.  Beria convinced Stalin to spare his life and reminded Stalin of his past loyalty and services. Stalin loved to get such ego massages by hand kissing regularly .

In an ironic twist of fate, it would be Yezhov who would eventually fall in the struggle for power, and Beria who would become the new NKVD chief. 

On November 14, Yezov made a huge mistake . He pre-warned his chamchas ( protege ) ,  Ukrainian NKVD chief  that he was in trouble with Stalin,, who promptly went missing. Stalin was furious and he knew for sure who had spilt the beans. beria caught the guy on April 14, 1939

Stalin had called Beria to arrest the missing fugitive – when he should have told Yezov as per protocol. Yezov now knew that his time was up, and he was NOT even a fellow Jew. 

Yezov arm twisted his wife to write a KOSHER letter to Stalin, Jew to Jew.  

When she was reluctant, he threatened to divorce her. She panicked and wrote several letters to Stalin , who just ignored her. On November 19, his wife Evgenia committed suicide by taking an overdose of sleeping pills; she was particularly vulnerable because Stalin knew of her active sexual life and her many Jewish lovers, and people close to her were being arrested for months .

What poetic justice! 

After presiding over mass arrests and executions during the Great Purge, Yezhov became its victim.

On April 10, he was arrested and imprisoned at the Sukhanovka prison; the "arrest was painstakingly concealed, not only from the general public but also from all  NKVD officers... It would not do any good to make public that Stalin would execute his dearest and most loyal minion.

Yezhov was mercilessly tortured under Beria’s orders . He confessed to every single charge made against him , including theft, treason against the state, incompetence, being an enemy to the people — like the good Vatican Inquisitions—without a shred of evidence.

Yezhov, like his predecessor Yagoda, maintained to the end his endless love for Stalin. He cried that he would die with the name of Stalin on his lips.   

After the secret trial, Yezhov was allowed to return to his cell but half an hour later he was called back and told that he had been condemned to death.  

On hearing the verdict, Yezhov became faint and began to collapse, but the guards caught him and removed him from the room. An immediate appeal for clemency was declined, and Yezhov became hysterical and weeping. 

This time he had to be dragged out of the room, struggling with the guards and screaming. Yezhov was shot later that night in an execution chamber with sloping floor ( to drain the blood )  for hosing that had been built according to his own specifications near the Lubianka headquarters. 

Just before the execution, Stalin hand kisser , Yezhov was ordered to undress himself and then was brutally beaten and his testicles injured by guards at the order of Beria, the new NKVD chief,  exactly the same way s Yezhov had ordered his guards to beat and humiliate his predecessor Yagoda before his execution only two years before.



On February 4, he was executed by the future KGB chairman Ivan Serov . His body was immediately cremated and his ashes dumped in a common grave at Moscow's Donskoi Cemetery. The execution remained secret, and as late as 1948. 

Rothschild controlled Time reported that Yezov had gone mad and was in an insane asylum.  Imagine this man nicknamed as "the blood thirty dwarf" wore the ORDER OF LENIN on his uniform.




Enter sexual pervert and SNUFF expert Jew Lavrentiy Pavlovich Beria-- who did NOT even spare Stalin's daughter.




I would like my readers to punch into Google search , passages from the Jewish Talmud.  I don’t want to sully my post with immoral trash.   

You better read it from the Internet.   

Women less than 18 years are NOT permitted to read it.
● Yebhamoth 11b-- Sexual intercourse with a XXX girl is permitted if she is XX years of age
● Ketaboth 11b - footnote:-- If a man were to have intercourse with a XXX  year old she should not suffer the consequences of loss of virginity when she become eligible for marriage.
● Sanhedrin 54b-- A Jew may have sex with a XXX as long as the XXX is less than XX years old.
● Sanhedrin 55b
● Gad. Shas. 2:2
● Abodah Zarah 36b:
● Yebhamoth 55b: 





Above: Papa Stalin is immersed in work -- his darling little girl is squirming in embarrassment.

Beria and Stalin were both born in the same hometown Mingerlian in Georgia USSR.  

He made an ass out of Stalin in 1930 by faking a conspiracy to assassinate the Soviet leader using his won stooges and then making a great show of saving Stalin at a great personal risk.  Stalin was mighty impressed and made him his right hand man.

He loved to have rough sex with underaged girls. He was the original SNUFF master, if you know what I mean. This is snuffing the girl’s life while she has orgasm.

Some famous freemasons loved this SNUFF stuff.

Punch into Google search-

SNUFF MOVIES , FREEMASON BENJAMIN FRANKLIN , THE HELLFIRE CLUB VADAKAYIL

Beria enjoyed his “flower game”.

Eight naked under aged girls would be made to kneel with asses up and heads touching the floor on the 8 quadrants of the compass.   

Beria would steal up from behind in his robe,  walking round and round till he selected the best bottom.   

Then he would stick a flower into the girl and have her dragged into his sound proof room, where he would ravage her. 

Since the 1970s bones have been found in the back yard, cellars, or hidden inside the walls of Beria's former residence, currently the Tunisian Embassy.   Beria kept a special room adjacent to his office for the torturing and raping of small children.   

After his arrest upon the death of Stalin when his office desk was searched they found a large collection of various sex toys and used unwashed female undergarments.  



The true number of victims will probably never be known,  but over 100 women had come forward over the years to say that they had been victimized.  Nobody knows the actual number he had personally murdered.

Starting in 1938, Beria began a project rebuilding a monastery in the Moscow suburbs. When Sukhanovo (also known as Special Object No. 110) was completed, he would maintain a personal office there. The lower levels of Sukhanovo housed a complex of prison cells and torture chambers, and Beria was said to have personally witnessed many brutal interrogations at Sukhanovo. 

Some of the Sukhanovo prisoners were as high ranking as Red Army generals, many of whom would be held there for extended periods of time before facing trial. 



Beria was noted for having his bodyguards kidnap young schoolgirls so that he could rape them in his Lubyanka office, which doubled as a torture chamber.  Soviet leaders who had daughters were reported to have demanded them to be careful with Beria, as he had a magnetic way with them, though his complexion was yellowish green.   

Once Stalin learnt that his daughter Svetlana was alone with Beria at his house.  He said, "I don't trust Beria," and called her to tell her to leave immediately.  

When Beria complimented Alexander Poskrebyshev's attractive young daughter on her beauty, Poskrebyshev quickly pulled her aside and instructed her, "Don't ever accept a lift from Beria”.

Can you believe this?

This man secured for himself Five Orders of Lenin (1935, 1943, 1945 and 1949).

To give the devil his due he was a go getter , and he could squeeze oil out of rock and get the impossible done , by his harsh methods.

Shortly after the atomic bombings of Japan by the US in 1945, Stalin issued an ultimatum to Beria, ordering the A-bomb to be built within five years. A special department was set up at the NKVD, called “Department S” (also known as Bureau #2) to consolidate the research efforts and organize documents gathered about the U.S. A-bomb project through intelligence channels.

As a result, the bomb was ready within four years !!!.

This extraordinary success was achieved at a high price. Beria created a climate of total secrecy and immense fear within the project.  The intrigue was so thick that you could cut it with a knife. Every scientist  was under constant surveillance at all times..

The head of one of the departments was sentenced to 8 years in prison for reportedly boasting to his family about the work being conducted. Another scientist  choosing to avoid the Gulag  after misplacing several papers committed suicide.

 Stalin used Beria to stage his purges. In 1938 he was put in charge of the dreaded NKVD.  Beria was responsible for the infamous Katyn massacre of captive Polish soldiers and intellectuals. Beria was also in charge of the Gulag prison system that sent millions to oblivion.  

Beria administered the vast expansion of the Gulag labor camps. The gulags existed before Beria, but he was the one who built them on a mass scale. He industrialised the gulag system. 

Human life had no value for him.

Beria was Marshal of the Soviet Union and state security administrator, chief of the Soviet security and secret police apparatus (NKVD) under Joseph Stalin during World War II, and Deputy Premier in the postwar years (1946–53).

Beria was the longest lived and most influential of Stalin's secret police chiefs, wielding his most substantial influence during and after World War II.


Beria ruthlessly blackmailed officials in order to gain political backing and promotions. He would often set up his superiors with attractive married women (with hidden cameras) and under aged girls  and then exposed the affairs, ruining them and then taking their posts when they resigned in disgrace. 

He wasn’t just vicious in his career ambitions either – wherever he went, people died or were reported missing. In 1931 Beria first met Joseph Stalin while the latter was on vacation in Georgia.


In 15 years as head of the secret police, the NKVD, Beria  was responsible for overseeing the murder of millions of Russians, some shot at night in the depths of the Lubyanka, others dragged off to the gulags.
Stalin was poisoned by Beria's associates.  

On 1 Mar 1953, Stalin and Beria had dinner together along with other Soviet leaders; that evening, Stalin collapsed, dying four days later.

Soon after Stalin’s death in March 1953, Beria became one of four deputy prime ministers under Georgy M. Malenkov, as well as head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs, an organization which at that time combined both the secret and regular police functions.  Rothschild supported Beria apparently attempted to use his position as chief of the secret police to succeed Stalin as sole dictator.  

But Nikita Khrushev who was NOT a Jew and had seen how the Communist party and his country had been hijacked by Rothschild remote controlled Jews had other ideas.

On 26 June 1953, Beria was arrested and held in an undisclosed location near Moscow. Khrushchev prepared an elaborate ambush, convening a meeting of the Presidium on 26 June, where he suddenly launched a scathing attack on Beria, accusing him of being a traitor and spy in the pay of British intelligence. Beria was taken completely by surprise. 

He asked, "What's going on, Nikita ? Why are you picking fleas in my trousers?"

Molotov and others quickly spoke against Beria one after the other, followed by a motion by Khrushchev for his instant dismissal. When Beria finally realized what was happening and plaintively appealed to Malenkov to speak for him, his old friend and crony silently hung his head and refused to meet his gaze.

Malenkov pressed a button on his desk as the pre-arranged signal to Marshal Georgy Zhukov and a group of armed officers in a nearby room. They burst in and arrested Beria.

He was stripped  of his government and party posts, publicly accused of being an “imperialist (Rothschild) agent” and of conducting “criminal anti-party and anti-state activities.”

Beria was found guilty of treason, terrorism, and counter-revolutionary activities during the 1919 civil war. He was executed by a firing squad in Dec 1953.

For decades after he was shot, any mention of Beria was expunged from official Soviet histories. Unlike Stalin, who was buried in Lenin's Mausoleum and later moved to a grave by the Kremlin walls, his body was burnt and his ashes dispersed into the winds by a huge fan.

With Stalin’s and Beria’s death, power shifted from Rothschild controlled Jews to the Russian people.

HOW MANY OF YOU KNOW THAT LIKE KARL MARX , STALIN HAS ROTHSCHILD BLOOD IN HIM ?

 

Above: Young Stalin.-- he had a stunning resemblance to his French side Rothschild father.

 

Stalin was the spitting image of  Maurice Ephrussi ( above ) , the banker son-in-law of French Baron Alphonse de Rothschild .   

Everybody in Georgi knows this. I was told by my Georgian shipmates. 


Talking about splitting images, a Filipino officer sailed with me. 

One day during his bridge watch at night, he told me his story about how he divorced his wife. His was a shotgun marriage. Her father ( a top police officer ) put a gun on his head for his daughter was made pregnant by him .  He married her and as soon as his son was born, he abandoned his wife , claiming that it is NOT his child. 

So I asked him , how he was so sure. He said that he did the calculations.  So later after his watch , I called him down to my cabin , took some data oit of his hindsight , did some calculations myself, and said that the child was his . Then I advised him to go and see his 18 year old son as soon as he gets down on leave. 

Couple of years later when my ship went to Manila, this officer came on my ship, and showed me the picture of his young strapping son , and his own photo when he was of the same age — AN EXACT SPLITTING IMAGE .  He was a handsome guy himself.

He had reconciled with his college going son,  and they both loved each other-- bygones be bygones. The mother did NOT marry again.

And then he took me all over Manila in his SUV.  

I remember visiting UNIVERSAL where there were at least 80 nude girls on stage , ( they come on in batches of 8 ) none of them older than 20 —never seen anything like this before.

The Ephrussi's were the Rothschild's agent to the Tsar of Russia. At the time of Stalin’s conception (Feb. 1878), his mother, Ketevan “Keke” Jughashvili neé Geladze (February 5, 1858 – June 4, 1937), was a VERY attractive girl.  She worked for a Jewish wine merchant in the Georgian city of Gori. 

Stalin whose father was Rothschild , was catapulted to fame by Rothschild exactly like Winston Churchill, whose mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild.  

The King of England , the British parliament and PM , were scared of Churchill.

Winston Churchill was catapulted from a Mr. Nobody to the "most famous Englishman " and to the world stage by mind boggling deceit-- the way Rothschild always did.

They engineered a great escape for him by bribing the Boers , and gave him the highest bravery medal.



Above : Brave Churchill jumping from a speeding train in South Africa -- wonder how he managed with such a gargantuan ass.

Brave Churchill’s fame would grow to legendary rock star status as he escaped from the captors, -- huge bribes were paid by Rothschilds to make this Cinderella drama happen.   Rothschild has monopolized the English media by then.

Brave Churchill headed to Europe as a awesome celebrity to write, and lecture amongst the European countries.   

Brave Churchill was the toast of every English town.

Brave Churchill was catapulted to First Lord of the Admiralty ( Oct 1911 ), at the young age of 37, a post usually given to old grey haired men--

Rothschild made sure that his monopolized media splashed everywhere that Stalin escaped from Siberian prisons SEVEN times. 

Why not? 

If Churchill with Rothschild blood can do it Stalin can also do it.  

TEE HEEEEEE !

They created false records of his stay in Siberian prisons , while he was relaxing elsewhere.   

After his release ( sic !! ) from a Siberian exile camp in April 1912,  he moved to Saint Petersburg and created the “Pravda” newspaper,  the major Communist Party media organ— set up for him by Rothschild .  
Stalin was known as the ‘MAN OF STEEL” – this is how he got his name STALIN— man of steel.


Stalin was proved to be a dare devil patriot.

He was employed by Rothschild in their Baku refinery. 

Patriot Stalin , organized a strike and set fire to the refinery – in hold your breath— his first day of employment under Jew Rothschild. 

Then Patriot Stalin made several demands for the welfare of his fellow Russians, against the evil Jewish director of the refinery.

When he was snubbed by the Director, Patriot Stalin produced a gun from his trousers and fired.

The Director would have died , if only Patriot Stalin’s mangy gun had NOT jammed. 

Rothschild was so powerful in Baku , that it took real BRAVERY and guts , for Patriot Stalin, to attempt such a thing.

 I am touched and I must cry now—  SNIFF !

BOOOO  HOOOOOOO    !!!!!!

 Rothschild did great propaganda that a criminal had burnt down their refinery and ordered the assassination of their managing director — yet later they helped fund Lenin and Stalin.  Strange inconsistency I may dare say. Rothschild  shrewdly sold their Russian oil interests in 1912.

During his revolutionary days Ioseb Besarionis dze Jughashvili ( Stalin ) was called Kokhba by the Rothschild controlled media , to secure the adulation of the Jews.

Russians don't change their names. Georgians don't change their names.  Only Jews change their names.

Punch into Google search-

BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN  VADAKAYIL

“ The ideals of Bolshevism at many points are consonant with the finest ideals of Judaism."  Jewish Chronicle on 4 April 1919 .

Stalin’s daughter Svetlana WAS TAKEN TO  America in 1967, by Rothschild’s agents.   Svetlana sought political refuge at the US embassy in Delhi in 1967 as Alliluyeva and then changed her name in USA to Lana Peters.



Above: Svetlana Alliluyeva, being received by Jew bankers on arrival in the United States in April 1967.

Stalin loved his daughter , never mind the propaganda, and called her “my little sparrow”.




When her mother, Nadezhda Alliluyeva, Stalin’s second wife, committed suicide in 1932.  Svetlana, who was 6, was told that her mother had died of appendicitis.  She did not learn the truth for a decade.

One of her brothers, Yakov, was captured by the Nazis,  who offered to exchange him for a top German general.  Stalin refused, saying that he will not exchange an ordinary soldier for a General and Yakov was killed.

In her memoirs she told of how Stalin had sent her first love, a Jewish filmmaker, to Siberia for 10 years. A year after her father broke up her first romance, she told him she wanted to marry another Jewish man, Grigory Morozov, a fellow student. Stalin slapped her and refused to meet him. This time, however, she had her way. She married Mr. Morozov in 1945.

After Stalin died in 1953, and Niki Khrushev took over, Rothschild’s power was cut off in Russia. Svetlana lost all her Kosher privileges.

In the 1960s, when she fell in love with Brijesh Singh, nephew of politician Dinesh Singh she converted to Hindusim.



Brijesh Singh ( above ) became ill mysteriously and died,  and in early 1967, she came to India with his ashes which she immersed in the Ganges.

Settling in Princeton, N.J., USA , Svetlana was arm twisted to made a public show of burning her Soviet passport,  saying she would never return to the Soviet Union. 

On Voice of America radio, shocked Soviet citizens heard her declare that life in the United States was “free, gay and full of bright colors.”

However  in November 1984, Svetlana and her  13-year-old daughter Olga went to Moscow and begged  to be taken back.  

Svetlana now denounced the West.   She said that she had not known “one single day” of freedom in the West and that she had been a pet of the C.I.A.

When an Rothschild US media correspondent in Moscow tried to question her a few days later, she exploded in anger, exclaiming:  “You are savages!  You are uncivilized people!  Goodbye to you all.”
Ms. Peters and Olga were given Soviet citizenship.   

In April 1986, they returned to the United States, with no opposition by the Soviet authorities.  

Rothschild soon had crypto Jew Gorbachev doing the Perestroika and Glasnost.





MIKHAIL KHORDORKOVSKY,  a Russian Jew, gained his fortune ( ranked 16th on Forbes list of billionaires)  along with many other Jewish oligarchs, by exploiting the Yeltsin era’s privatizations.  

After perestroika started, Khodorkovsky used his connections within the Zionist Jew structures to gain a foothold in the developing free market.

With the backing of  Rothschild , Khordorkovsky started the bank Menatep Banking Group just prior to the fall of communism in 1990 .

As most wealthy Jews who use their financial power to subvert their host nation, Khordorkovsky set himself up as a critic of Putin’s efforts to unite Russia politically, culturally, and spiritually.  

Khordorkovsky spent millions of dollars to overthrow Putin by funding ‘democratic reforming parties’ by which Jews take control of their host nation.  

In 2003 Khodorkovsky's shares in Yukos passed to Rothschild under a deal they concluded prior to Khodorkovsky's arrest.

In January 2009, a fellow prisoner Alexander Kuchma filed a lawsuit for 500,000 rubles ( USD 15,000) against Khodorkovsky, accusing him of homosexual harassment.

In February of 2004, right after Khordorkovsky’s arrest, Khordorkovsky’s Menatep Bank was revealed to be operating out of the Isle of Man, a UK offshore tax haven.  

At this time, Menatep offered Yukos shares to Putin in exchange for Khordorkovsky’s freedom.  But Putin did not need to wheel & deal with the Jewish financiers.  Putin simply nationalized Yukos Oil shortly after the Menatep offer.   

Vladimir Putin, now in full control of Russia as Prime Minister, wishes to build a strong Russia free of Rothschild and Zionist Jew control.



Above video:  Indian government of the waitress turned empress, has allowed 100% FDI in communications, the most money spinning field .  Corrupt ministers share profits of the evil multinationals.

Punch into Google search-

KLEPTOCRACY IN INDIA, LOBBYING , PIMPING , BRIBING , CRONY CAPITALISM  VADAKAYIL



Capitalism is not 'free enterprise,' an incentive for success, 'a chance for all.'  Capitalism is trusts, speculation, parasitical usury.  Capitalism is J. P. Morgan, Rothschild's bank, ripping apart the nations like maddened swine.  Capitalism is the Jewish frying pan in which culture is rendered down to the grease of money.  Following it, as the night to day, is the thrice hotter Jewish fire of 'Communism.'"  William Striker

Punch into Google search-

WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA VADAKAYIL

Enter Jew Yakov Mikhailovich Sverdlov --



Sverdlov  was a Bolshevik party leader and chairman of the All-Russian Central Executive Committee..  His father was a politically active engraver who later became an ace forger.  Sverdlov played an important role in planning the October Revolution.

Sverdlov had a major role in the killing of Tsar Nicholas II and his family.  Sverdlov ordered their execution on 16 July 1918, which took place in the city of Yekaterinbur



To prevent the Russians from deriving spiritual courage from the grave of the Tsar family,, the bodies were removed to the countryside, where they had initially been thrown into an abandoned mineshaft. 

The following morning, when rumours spread in Yekaterinburg regarding the disposal site, Yurovsky removed the bodies and concealed them elsewhere. 

When the vehicle carrying the bodies broke down on the way to the next chosen site, he made new arrangements and buried most of the bodies in a sealed and concealed pit on Koptyaki Road, a since-abandoned cart track 12 miles north of Yekaterinburg.

For 90 years, it has been an enduring mystery - did some members of the Russian royal family survive execution by the Bolsheviks in 1918?

Now DNA tests carried out on two sets of bones found in the Ural Mountains appear to have solved the riddle.

Forensic experts say initial results show the human remains belong to 13-year-old Crown Prince Alexei and his sister Princess Maria, 19.

Below : see the exhumed tsar family bones



The remains of the tsar, tsarina and other family members were discovered  Ekaterinburg in 1991. They were authenticated by DNA tests.

Their bodies were soaked in sulphuric acid and burned before burial.

Later some guards attested that young Alexei and one of his sisters were still alive when when all the bodies were lifted on to a lorry to be doused in sulphuric acid..



Anna Anderson, a woman who appeared in a mental hospital in Germany in 1920 claiming to be Anastasia, the youngest sister. She said she had been rescued by one of the executioners and carried out of Russia on a peasant cart. But after her death in 1984, DNA tests showed she was Franziska Schanzkowska, a Polish peasant.



Sverdlov ordered their execution on July 16, 1918,  in the city of Yekaterinburg.  In 1924 this city was renamed Sverdlovsk in his honor.  Sverdlov also ordered the Red Terror, began on September 2, 1918 and ended in about October 1918.  

For this  Jew Jacob Sverdlov became the first president of the Soviet Union.

1)The Bolshevik  “Russian” Revolution was not Russian vs. Russian, but atheist “Jews” (Edomites) vs. gentiles or goys

2) Jews were then, and still are today behaving much worse than any S.S. Nazi officer under Hitler’s “Third Reich”,

3) Jews are NOT the blameless, innocent, altruistic and wrongfully persecuted religious minority group they claim to be.

4)  The sadistic mass murders  they perpetrated constitute mass genocide and are the epitome of “Hate Crimes” against humanity.

 5) They make Hitler’s “Holocaust” camps look like Sunday School Picnics in comparison.  The Edomite “Jews” scream about the “holocaust” against their ‘chosen people’ by Hitler –  

-- but even if these claims were true it was the case of Hitler was simply giving them a SMALL TASTE of their own medicine?   A VERY small taste, perhaps? 

The Bolshevik leaders were 90% Jew exiles, funded by the banking cartel of Rothschild cared little for Russia or any other country. In Ukraine, Jews made up more than 80 % of the rank-and-file Cheka agents.

The Central Committee of the Bolshevik Party was made up as follows:

NAME            /  NATIONALITY
Bronstein (Trotsky)     Jew
Apfelbaum (Zinovief) Jew
Lourie (Larine)            Jew
Ouritski           Jew
Volodarski      Jew
Rosenfeldt (Kamanef)            Jew
Smidovitch      Jew
Sverdlof (Yankel)       Jew
Nakhamkes (Steklof)  Jew
Ulyanov (Lenin)          Jew
Krylenko         Russian
Lounatcharski Russian


"The Council of the People's Commissars comprised the following:

President         Ulyanov (Lenin)         Jew
Foreign Affairs           Tchitcherine   Russian
Nationalities    Djugashvili (Stalin)    Jew
Agriculture      Protian            Armenian
Economic Council       Lourie (Larine)           Jew
Food    Schlichter        Jew
Army & Navy Bronstein (Trotsky)       Jew
State Control   Lander            Jew
State Lands     Kauffman       Jew
Works  V. Schmidt      Jew
Social Relief    E. Lelina (Knigissen)    Jewess
Public Instruction        Lounatcharsky           Russian
Religions         Spitzberg        Jew
Interior            Apfelbaum (Zinovief)            Jew
Hygiene           Anvelt                     Jew
Finance            Isidore Goukovski     Jew
Press    Volodarski        Jew
Elections         Ouritski          Jew
Justice I. Steinberg        Jew
Refugees         Fenigstein       Jew
Refugees (assist.)        Savitch           Jew
Refugees (assist.)        Zaslovski        Jew


"The following is the list of members of the Central Executive Committee:

Sverdlov (president)   Jew
Avanessof (sec.)          Jew
Babtchinski       Jew
Bukharin         Russian
Weinberg         Jew
Gailiss              Jew
Ganzburg        Jew
Danichevski    Jew
Sachs              Jew
Scheinmann     Jew
Erdling            Jew
Landauer         Jew
Linder             Jew
Wolach            Czech Jew 
Dimanstein      Jew
Encukidze         Georgian Jew
Ermann            Jew
Joffe                Jew
Karkline            Jew
Knigissen         Jew
Rosenfeldt (Kamenef)            Jew
Apfelbaum (Zinovief)      Jew
Krylenko            Russian
KrassikofSachs           Jew
Kaprik                        Jew
Ulyanov (lenin)           Jew
Latsis      Jew
Lander     Jew
Lounatcharski     Russian
Roudzoutas     Jew
Rosine         Jew
Smidovitch      Jew
Nakhamkes (Steklof)  Jew
Sosnovski        Jew
Skrytnik          Jew
Bronstein (Trotsky)     Jew
Teodorovitch   Jew
Terian             Armenian Jew
Ouritski           Jew
Telechkine       Russian
Feldmann        Jew
Froumkine       Jew
Souriupa          Ukranian Jew
Tchavtchevadze          Georgian Jew
Scheikmann     Jew
Rosental          Jew
Karakhane       Jew
Rose        Jew
Sobelson (Radek)        Jew
Sclichter          Jew
Schikolini        Jew
Chklianski       Jew
Levine (Pravdine)       Jew



"The following is the list of members of the Extraordinary Commission of Moscow:

NAME            NATIONALITY
Dzerjinski (president)    Pole Jew
Peters (vice-president)            Lett
Chklovski        Jew
Kheifiss           Jew
Zeistine           Jew
Razmirovitch   Jew
Kronberg         Jew
Khaikina          Jewess
Karlson            Lett
Schaumann      Jew
Leontovitch     Jew
Jacob Goldine  Jew
Glaperstein      Jew
Kniggisen        Jew
Schillenkuss    Jew
Rivkine            Jew
Antonof          Russian
Delafabre        Jew
Tsitkine           Jew
Roskirovitch    Jew
G. Sverdlof     Jew
Biesenski         Jew
Blioumkine      Jew
Alexandrevitch           Russian
I. Model          Jew
Routenberg     Jew
Pines      Jew
Sachs      Jew
Saissoune        Armenian Jew
Liebert Jew
Vogel    German Jew
Zakiss   Jew



 “We stand for organized terror … Terror is an absolute necessity during times of revolution … The Cheka is obliged to defend the revolution and conquer the enemy even if its sword does by chance sometimes fall on the heads of the innocent.”     ———  Felix Edmondovich Dzerzhinsky, the Founder of the Bolshevik ‘Cheka’ – or “Secret Police”.

During the entire Red Terror, not a single Jewish synagogue was destroyed or turned into a public toilet or storehouse, as happened to churches.  Not a single rabbi was crucified or tortured.  



Lists of those executed were published in the Cheka’s weekly newspaper.  The Cheka employed professional body counters.   It can be proved that 1.7 million were executed from 1918-1919.  Another 1.7 million were murdered from January 1921 to April 1922.  

Among the victims were bishops, professors, doctors, police, journalists, writers, military officers, workers, civil servants, nurses, farmers, and lawyers. 

Without most of their leaders, and the fact that the few left had no way to spread their ideas (no media access), the Russian masses were incapable of counter-revolution against the juggernaut zionist communists.




Enter Jew Yakov Mikhailovich Yurovsky— commander secret police.

Yurosvky, was an Old Bolshevik best known as the chief executioner of Emperor Nicholas II of Russia and  his family. 

On the night of 16/17 July 1918, a squad of Bolshevik secret police (Cheka), led by Yakov Yurovsky, executed Russia's last Emperor, Nicholas II, along with his wife Alexandra Fyodorovna of Hesse, their four daughters–Olga, Tatiana, Maria, and Anastasia–and son Alexei. 



Orders came from Jew Yakov Sverdlov in Moscow , who in turn was initiated by Jew Lenin himself.  When the daughters did NOT die as they had big diamonds sewn into their petticoats, the soldiers became superstitious and afraid.  



Jew Yurosvsky then , ordered the angel looking girls to be bayoneted  to death .  



The Ipatyev house, where, in the basement, the massacre had occurred, stood intact until 1977, when the local Communist party boss at that time, Boris Boris Nikolayevich Yeltsin ( crypto Jew Jelzman ) , ordered it demolished, lest it become a shrine to anti-Jewish sentiment.  



"While Gorbachev made freedom of emigration a reality for Soviet Jews, it was Yeltsin who made possible an unprecedented freedom of Jewish life in the country.  Jewish schools and new synagogues were opened -- it was he who made the impossible possible." Borukh Gorin, spokesman for the Federations of Jewish Communities


Enter Jew Matvei Davidovich Berman—



He headed the  the GULAG Soviet prison camp system from 1932 to 1937.

In November 1929 he helped develop the GULAG system of camps and became deputy chief of the GULAG in 1930. From June 9, 1932 to August 17, 1937 he was head of the GULAG.

He was awarded the Order of Lenin on August 4, 1933, soon after the completion of the White Sea – Baltic Canal. By 1935, by his own count, Berman was in charge of over 740,000 prisoners working on 15 major projects in the GULAG

After the fall of Genrikh Yagoda, Berman continued to rise in the hierarchy of the NKVD and he held the offices of head construction of the Moscow-Volga Canal and Deputy head of the NKVD in 1936-1937

On August 17, 1937, he lost his position as head of the GULAG. On December 23, 1938, he was expelled from the Soviet Communist Party, arrested the next day in the office of Georgi Malenkov, and sent to prison at Lubyanka.



He was found guilty by the Military Collegium of the Supreme Court of the USSR of belonging to a "terrorist and sabotage organization" and shot on March 7, 1939 at Kommunarka. 

Dead men tell no tales.

Solzhenitsyn described them as ‘six hired murderers each of whom accounted for thirty thousand lives: Firin - Berman - Frenkel - Kogan - Rappoport - Zhuk ... Thousands of Jewish revolutionaries helped to spearhead the gruesome terror machine with a messianic fervor.  



One of them, Matvei Berman, had helped to institutionalize slave labor as early as 1922.

The Gulag reached its peak after 1929 during the rule of Joseph Stalin , who used it to maintain the Soviet state by keeping its populace in a constant state of terror.. If one was to so much as steal a couple of potatoes, he  could be sentenced to up to ten years in the Gulag.



In addition the Gulag also held political prisoners, those who were considered enemies of the immoral Jewish  regime; anyone who stood out as a small threat was sent to a penal camp. 

Many innocent people were sentenced to the Gulag for minor “crimes” such as coming to work late three times (considered sabotage) or telling a small joke about a Jewish government official (punishable by up to 25 years).

Majority of the political prisoners who were sent to Gulag prison camps were innocent and weren't given as much as a trial.

Prisoners were not loaded onto trains at the station in full public view; they were loaded at sidings down the track, away from public glare. It was done secretively - just as the process of arrest late at night.  Anybody missing meant that person was in the Gulag or dead.



No matter the weather, the captives were only allowed to wear the clothes they were arrested in. Prisoners received insufficient clothing and inadequate food rations which made it difficult to endure the severe weather and the long working hours. As a result, the death rate from exhaustion and disease in the camps was enormously high.

But, to fulfill the camps' economic goals, more and more prisoners were required, which accounts for the rapid increase in camp populations in the 1930s. Eventually, every Soviet Secret Policeman was assigned a certain arrest quota in order to ensure a large enough labor force in the Gulags, or they themselves would land up in the gulag.



In order to achieve this quota, the Secret Police simply fabricated cases against ordinary, innocent people (vividly described in Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn’s short story “One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich”).

During World War II, Gulag populations declined sharply, owing to the mass release of hundreds of thousands of prisoners who were conscripted and sent directly to the front lines (often into penal battalions, who were thrown into the most dangerous battles and experienced high casualty rates). Jewish commanders were told to shoot any Gulag prisioner  who did not risk his life.



After the war, the number of inmates in prison camps and colonies again rose sharply, reaching approximately 2.5 million people by the early 1950s. The main reason for the post-war increase in the number of prisoners was the tightening of legislation on property offenses in the summer of 1947. The result was hundreds of thousands of convictions to lengthy prison terms, often on the basis of petty theft or embezzlement.

Prisoners of war, in contrast, were kept in a separate camp system.



Most of the felled trees rotted and never reached the lumber mills; many of the railroad lines and canals the prisoners built were never used; and most of the construction was hopelessly shoddy. The prisoners’ work was typically unskilled, manual, and economically inefficient.



People worked up to 14 hours a day cutting trees, mining, and performing other physically exhausting activities. When they were not working up to scratch, they would be called to line up in the forest and then shot down by machine guns. This cruel camp life lingered on until eventually, the entire Gulag system was deemed inefficient and abandoned.



Not only had the USSR not gained anything economically from the camps, they were also responsible for the deaths of millions of prisoners (estimates vary from 1.6 million deaths, officially documented by the Soviet Secret Police - NKVD - to 15 million people, depending on the source).



After Stalin died in 1953, the Gulag population was reduced significantly. The release of political prisoners started in 1954 and became widespread. It coupled with mass rehabilitations after Nikita Khrushchev' s denunciation of Stalinism in his Secret Speech at the 20th Congress of the Communist Party in February 1956. 



By the end of the 1950s, virtually all "corrective labor camps" had been dissolved. Officially, the Gulag was liquidated by the MVD (Soviet Internal Affairs Ministry) Order 20 of 25 January 1960.



Still, forced labor camps continued to exist on a small scale right up to the Gorbachev period, when the government opened some camps to scrutiny by journalists and human rights activists. With the advancement of democratization, political prisoners and prisoners of conscience all but disappeared from the camps.



Though very well known inside the Soviet Union, the very name Gulag became familiar in the West only after the publication of Aleksandr Solzhenitsyn's Nobel prize winning novel The Gulag Archipelago (1973) which compared the scattered camps to a chain of islands.



His previous book on the subject, One Day in the Life of Ivan Denisovich, about a typical day of a Gulag inmate, was originally published in the most prestigious Soviet monthly, Novyi Mir (New World) in November 1962, but was soon banned and withdrawn from all libraries. 



It was the first work to describe the Gulag as an instrument of governmental repression against its own citizens on such a massive scale.



QUESTION: HAVE YOU EVER BEEN CHILLED TO THE BONE MARROW? 

No?

Then you do NOT understand human suffering in the Gulag. - 

Say a prayer for the unfortunate ones--

so that it never ever happens again..




Above:  Waiting for the Gulag-- intellectuals,  dissidents,  a father who stole a loaf of bread for his starving family etc


Want to know Rothschild media power ?

After Amartya Sen criticized Modi—he was stung by millions of bees on the internet with full venom.
This Nobel prize winner was abused and told that he is NOT an Indian.  

I did painstaking statistics and 94.68 % comments were full of sarcasm and vitriol against Amartya Sen.

But what does the Rothschild held main steam media report after two days—that Chandan Mitra who triggered it apologized after seeing the mood of the country,  who supported Amartya Sen wholesale.

This is power of having a Rothschild woman as your THIRD wife.



To prove to the Jews I have nothing against them-- today I will tell them something which they do NOT know-- and nobody will ever tell them too.  

This is one of the most valuable tips their race will ever get . It is about "Kosher vinegar" they consume in plenty, as a religious thing.

Here we go--

On my stainless steel Chemical tankers, we load Glacial Acetic acid at Europe to be transported to Israel ( Haifa ).  Just before we load a few Jewish Rabbis will come on board, and they will peep into all cargo spaces and then we start loading. 

The charterers , shippers and agents will call you and plead " Captain, kindly take personal interest, please ensure your officers and crew treat the Rabbis well and make sure there are no controversies even if some safety on the cargo deck is flouted-- it is big money for us".
  
Later you will realise that this warning was well intended , for these Rabbis go to all unauthorized and out of bounds areas-- including the navigating bridge in port. This makes you wonder, are these Rabbis or spies?

After completion of loading , these Rabbis in their black coats, fancy hats, hair curls , beards and shiny black shoes , will bless the cargo and seal up all openings , and then issue a KOSHER certificate, after which the value of the same cargo goes up multiple fold.
  
Can you imagine a priest blessing your 100 rupee note and now hey presto! -- the note converts - nay - jumps to a 500 rupee note?   This is what happens here.

This concentrated Acetic acid is taken to Haifa and then another set of Rabbis will come, to check if all seals are intact and then the cargo is unloaded. The cargo is so clear that you can see the bottom steam coils of the stainless steel tank ,through 15 metres depth.

Jews love to use vinegar as a pickling agent. “Kosher” means “allowed”, so, basically, the “Kosher Food” are the allowed foodstuff on a Jewish diet.   Leaves – all kinds of leaves, like lettuce, cabbage, watercress, celery, parsley, chives, etc.. often contains germs. 

In order to be used it should be left to soak for about half an hour in water with vinegar, acetic acid or germicide to kill ze worms--as per Jewish tradition.

Let me tell you, by doin this , you have just removes 97% of the germs which your body could have handled anyway, the balance surviving 3% is MORE harmful for you.

OK,  here is my advise as a Chemical man --take it or leave it..

Vinegar made from Glacial Acetic acid is harmful for the human body.  First of all it is acidic and should not even qualify as a food .

Acetic acid is NOT like Citrus or Lime juice which turn alkaline in your body.

Vinegar excessively stimulates the thyroid gland, leading to hyperthyroidism and eventually hypothyroidism and concomitant health issues such as endocrine disorders, calcium metabolic disorders, metabolic rate disorders, fat metabolism problems, obesity/ body-weight issues, lethargy, headaches, premature ageing,  and the classic bulging of the eyes.  

I am sure you know what I mean , if not ask your non-Jewish  friends .
  
The body pulls phosphorus from the adrenal glands to negate the effects of acetic acid in the system. Depeleted phosphorus results in impaired function of the adrenal glands and thus, again, the entire endocrine system. 

The outcome of all this can include body odor, pains in the heart, rapid pulse, increased mucus production, chronic fatigue, and headaches.

Repetitive use of vinegar will also result in the hardening of the liver. So vinegar should not be considered as "food.".  GM vegetable foods grown out of TERMINATOR ( sterile ) seeds , make things worse for kidneys. 

When you have all these problems for which the root cause is vinegar consumption, then to cure it you take modern Western Chemical medicines, and a lot of them have bad side effects. Vinegar also poses the risks of interacting with certain medications. For example, vinegar can interact with diuretics, which are used by patients to help lower their blood pressure. Diabetic patients also might find that vinegar interacts with insulin.


Punch into Google search-


RASPUTIN AND HIS WART  VADAKAYIL



Grace and peace!-- listen with head phones



6400 years ago King Ravana wrote these verses in praise of Lord Shiva

जटाटवीगलज्जलप्रवाहपावितस्थले
गलेवलम्ब्य लम्बितां भुजङ्गतुङ्गमालिकाम् ।
डमड्डमड्डमड्डमन्निनादवड्डमर्वयं

चकार चण्डताण्डवं तनोतु नः शिवः शिवम् ॥ 1 ॥

Jatatavee gala jjala pravaha pavitha sthale,
Gale avalabhya lambithaam bhujanga thunga malikaam,
Dama ddama dama ddama ninnadava damarvayam,
Chakara chanda thandavam thanothu na shiva shivam. 1

That Lord Śhiva, who has held a long-garland of the lofty king Cobra at the neck which is purified by the flow of trickling water-drops in the forest-like twisted hair-locks, Who dances the fierce and auspicious Tāṇḍava-dance to the music of a sounding-drum, — May that Śhiva shower prosperity on us all.[1]

जटाकटाहसम्भ्रमभ्रमन्निलिम्पनिर्झरी-
-विलोलवीचिवल्लरीविराजमानमूर्धनि ।
धगद्धगद्धगज्ज्वलल्ललाटपट्टपावके
किशोरचन्द्रशेखरे रतिः प्रतिक्षणं मम ॥ 2 ॥

Jata kataha sambhramabrama nillimpa nirjari,
Vilola veechi vallari viraja mana moordhani,
Dhaga dhaga daga jjwala lalata patta pavake,
Kishora Chandra shekare rathi prathi kshanam mama. 2

At every moment, may I find pleasure in Śhiva, Whose head is glorified by the  unsteady waves of Nilimpanirjharī ( Celestial Gańgā) agitating unsteadily in the deep well of his matted hair-locks, Who has a brilliant blazing fire at the surface of forehead, and Who has a crescent-moon as a jewel on his forehead.[2]

धराधरेन्द्रनन्दिनीविलासबन्धुबन्धुर
स्फुरद्दिगन्तसन्ततिप्रमोदमानमानसे ।
कृपाकटाक्षधोरणीनिरुद्धदुर्धरापदि
क्वचिद्दिगम्बरे मनो विनोदमेतु वस्तुनि ॥ 3 ॥

Dara darendra nandini vilasa bhandhu bhandura,
Sphuradigantha santhathi pramodha mana manase,
Krupa kadaksha dhorani niruddha durdharapadi,
Kwachi digambare mano vinodhamethu vasthuni. 3

May my mind seeks bliss happiness in Lord Shiva , in whose mind the glorious universe and all the living-beings exist, Who is the charming sportive-friend of the daughter of the mountain-king of the Earth (i.e. Himālaya), Whose uninterrupted series of merciful-glances conceals immense-troubles, who is all pervasive ( directions as His clothes) .[3]

जटाभुजङ्गपिङ्गलस्फुरत्फणामणिप्रभा
कदम्बकुङ्कुमद्रवप्रलिप्तदिग्वधूमुखे ।
मदान्धसिन्धुरस्फुरत्त्वगुत्तरीयमेदुरे
मनो विनोदमद्भुतं बिभर्तु भूतभर्तरि ॥ 4 ॥

Jada bhujanga pingala sphurath phana mani prabha,
Kadamba kumkuma drava praliptha digwadhu mukhe,
Madhandha sindhura sphurathwagu utthariya medhure,
Mano vinodhamadhbutham bibarthu bhootha bharthari. 4

May my mind hold in Śiva, by Whom — with the light from the jewels of the shining-hoods of creeper-like yellow-snakes — the face of Dikkanyās’ are smeared with Kadamba-juice like red Kuńkuma, Who looks dense due to the glittering skin-garment of an intoxicated elephant, and Who is the Lord of the ghosts.[4]

सहस्रलोचनप्रभृत्यशेषलेखशेखर
प्रसूनधूलिधोरणी विधूसराङ्घ्रिपीठभूः ।
भुजङ्गराजमालया निबद्धजाटजूटक
श्रियै चिराय जायतां चकोरबन्धुशेखरः ॥ 5 ॥

Sahasra lochana prabhoothyasesha lekha shekhara,
Prasoona dhooli dhorani vidhu sarangri peedabhu,
Bhujangaraja Malaya nibhadha jada jhootaka,
Sriyai chiraya jayatham chakora bandhu shekhara. 5

For a long time, may Śhiva — Whose foot-stool is grey due to the series of pollen dust from flowers at the head of Indra (Sahasralocana) and all other demi-gods, Whose matted hairlocks are tied by a garland of the king of snakes, and Who has a head-jewel of the friend of cakora bird — produce prosperity.[5]

ललाटचत्वरज्वलद्धनञ्जयस्फुलिङ्गभा-
-निपीतपञ्चसायकं नमन्निलिम्पनायकम् ।
सुधामयूखलेखया विराजमानशेखरं
महाकपालिसम्पदेशिरोजटालमस्तु नः ॥ 6 ॥

Lalata chathwara jwaladhanam jaya sphulingabha,
Nipeetha pancha sayagam saman nilimpanayakam,
Sudha mayookha lekhaya virajamana shekharam,
Maha kapali sampade, siro jadalamasthu na. 6

May we acquire the wealth of Siddhis from the tress-locks of Śiva, Which absorbed the five-arrows (of Kāmadeva) in the sparks of the blazing fire stored in the rectangular-forehead, Which is bowed to by celestial leaders , Which have an enticing-forehead with a beautiful streak of crescent-moon.[6]

करालफालपट्टिकाधगद्धगद्धगज्ज्वल-
द्धनञ्जयाधरीकृतप्रचण्डपञ्चसायके ।
धराधरेन्द्रनन्दिनीकुचाग्रचित्रपत्रक-
-प्रकल्पनैकशिल्पिनि त्रिलोचने मतिर्मम ॥ 7 ॥

Karala bhala pattika dhagadhaga jjwala,
Ddhanam jayahuthi krutha prachanda pancha sayage ,
Dharadharendra nandhini kuchagra chithrapathraka,
Prakalpanaika shilpini, trilochane rather mama. 7

May I find pleasure in three eyed Shiva  (Trilocana ), Who offered the five great-arrows (of Kāmadeva) to the blazing and chattering fire of the plate-like forehead, and Who is the sole-artist placing decorative artistic lines on the breasts of the daughter of Himālaya (Pārvatī).[7]

नवीनमेघमण्डली निरुद्धदुर्धरस्फुरत्-
कुहूनिशीथिनीतमः प्रबन्धबन्धुकन्धरः ।
निलिम्पनिर्झरीधरस्तनोतु कृत्तिसिन्धुरः
कलानिधानबन्धुरः श्रियं जगद्धुरन्धरः ॥ 8 ॥

Naveena megha mandali nirudha durdharath sphurath,
Kahoo niseedhi neethama prabhandha bandha kandhara,
Nilimpa nirjari darsthanothu kruthi sindhura,
Kala nidhana bandhura sriyam jagat durandhara. 8

May Śhiva — Whose cord-tied neck is dark like a night with shining-moon obstructed by layers of  clouds, Who holds the celestial River Gańgā, Whose cloth is made of elephant-skin, Who has a curved and crescent moon placed at the forehead, and Who bears the universe — expand my wealth.[8]

प्रफुल्लनीलपङ्कजप्रपञ्चकालिमप्रभा-
-विलम्बिकण्ठकन्दलीरुचिप्रबद्धकन्धरम् ।
स्मरच्छिदं पुरच्छिदं भवच्छिदं मखच्छिदं
गजच्छिदान्धकच्छिदं तमन्तकच्छिदं भजे ॥ 9 ॥

Prafulla neela pankaja prapancha kalima prabha,
Valambhi kanda kanthali ruchi prabandha kandharam,
Smarschidham puraschidham bhavaschidham makhachidham,
Gajachidandakachidham tham anthakachidham bhaje. 9

I adore Śhiva, Who supports the dark glow of blooming blue lotus series at around the girdle of His neck, , who is the killer of Manmatha , Who destroyed Triputra ( Atlantis ), Who cut-off the bonds of wordly mundane existence, Who destroyed the sacrifice (of Dakṣha , father of Sati ), Who destroyed demon Andhaka the destroyer of elephants , and Who controls Yama (death).[9]


अगर्वसर्वमङ्गलाकलाकदम्बमञ्जरी
रसप्रवाहमाधुरी विजृम्भणामधुव्रतम् ।
स्मरान्तकं पुरान्तकं भवान्तकं मखान्तकं
गजान्तकान्धकान्तकं तमन्तकान्तकं भजे ॥ 10 ॥

Agarva sarva mangalaa kalaa kadamba manjari,
Rasa pravaha madhuri vijrumbha mana madhu vrtham,
Suranthakam, paranthakam, bhavanthakam, makhandakam,
Gajandhakandhakandakam thamanthakanthakam bhaje. 10

I pray to Lord Shiva, who has bees flying all over because of the sweet honey from the beautiful bunch of auspicious Kadamba flowers, who is the killer of Manmatha, who destroyed Tripuras, who destroyed the bonds of worldly life, who destroyed the sacrifice, who destroyed the demon Andhaka, the killer of the elephants, and who controlled the God of death, Yama.(10)

जयत्वदभ्रविभ्रमभ्रमद्भुजङ्गमश्वस-
-द्विनिर्गमत्क्रमस्फुरत्करालफालहव्यवाट् ।
धिमिद्धिमिद्धिमिध्वनन्मृदङ्गतुङ्गमङ्गल
ध्वनिक्रमप्रवर्तित प्रचण्डताण्डवः शिवः ॥ 11 ॥

Jayathwadhabra vibramadbujaamga maswasath,
Vinirgamath, kramasphurath, karala bhala havya vat,
Dhimi dhimi dhimi dhwanan mrudanga thunga mangala,
Dhwani karma pravarthitha prachanda thandawa shiva. 11

May Śhiva, Whose forehead has oblations of turbulent and fiery snake-hisses —  whirling out and  sparking, Whose fierce tāṇḍava-dance is set in motion by the sound-series of the auspicious drum (ḍamaru) — which is sounding with ‘dhimit-dhimit’ sounds, be victorious.[11]

दृषद्विचित्रतल्पयोर्भुजङ्गमौक्तिकस्रजोर्-
-गरिष्ठरत्नलोष्ठयोः सुहृद्विपक्षपक्षयोः ।
तृष्णारविन्दचक्षुषोः प्रजामहीमहेन्द्रयोः
समं प्रवर्तयन्मनः कदा सदाशिवं भजे ॥ 12 ॥

Drusha dwichi thra thalpayor bhujanga moukthika srajo,
Garishta rathna loshtayo suhrudhwi paksha pakshayo,
Trunara vinda chakshusho praja mahee mahendrayo,
Samapravarthika kadha sadashivam bhajamyaham. 12

When will I worship Lord Sadāśiva with an equal vision towards varied ways of the world, a snake or a pearl-garland, royal-gems or a lump of dirt, friend or enemy , a grass-eyed or a lotus-eyed person, and common men or the king.[12]

कदा निलिम्पनिर्झरीनिकुञ्जकोटरे वसन्
विमुक्तदुर्मतिः सदा शिरःस्थमञ्जलिं वहन् ।
विमुक्तलोललोचनो ललाटफाललग्नकः
शिवेति मन्त्रमुच्चरन् सदा सुखी भवाम्यहम् ॥ 13 ॥

Kada nilampa nirjaree nikunja kotare vasan,
Vimuktha durmathee sada sirasthanjaleem vahan,
Vilola lola lochano lalama bhala lagnaka,
Shivethi manthamucharan kada sukhee bhavamyaham. 13

Living in the hollow of a tree in the thickets of River Gańgā, always free from ill-thinking, bearing añjali at the forehead, free from lustful eyes, and forehead and head bonded, when will I become content while reciting the mantra ‘‘Śhiva?’’[13]

इमं हि नित्यमेवमुक्तमुत्तमोत्तमं स्तवं
पठन्स्मरन्ब्रुवन्नरो विशुद्धिमेतिसन्ततम् ।
हरे गुरौ सुभक्तिमाशु याति नान्यथा गतिं
विमोहनं हि देहिनां सुशङ्करस्य चिन्तनम् ॥ 14 ॥

Imam hi nithya meva muktha muthamothamam sthavam,
Padan, smaran broovan naro vishudhimethi santhatham,
Hare Gurou subhakthimasu yathi nanyadha gatheem,
Vimohinam hi dehinaam sushakarasya chithanam. 14

Whoever reads, remembers and says this best stotra as it is said here,gets purified for ever, and obtains devotion in the great Guru Shiva. For this devotion, there is no other way. Just the mere thought of Lord Shiva indeed removes the delusion. (14)

पूजावसानसमये दशवक्त्रगीतं यः
शम्भुपूजनपरं पठति प्रदोषे ।
तस्य स्थिरां रथगजेन्द्रतुरङ्गयुक्तां
लक्ष्मीं सदैव सुमुखिं प्रददाति शम्भुः ॥ 15 ॥

Poojavasana samaye dasa vakhra geetham,
Ya shambhu poojana param padthi pradhoshe,
Thasya sthiraam radha gajendra thuranga yuktham,
Lakshmeem sadaiva sumukheem pradadathi shambu. 15

At the time of prayer after sunset , whoever utters this stotra by Daśavaktra (Rāvaṇa) after the prayer of Śambhu — Śambhu gives him stable wealth including chariots, elephants and horses, and beautiful face.[15]

||सार्थशिवताण्डवस्तोत्रम् ||
               ||श्रीगणेशाय नमः ||

Ithi Ravana krutham,
Shiva thandava stotram,

Sampoornam.

Thus ends the Shiva-Tandava Stotra written by Ravana.

 The stotra is in panchachAmara Chanda, in which there are 16 varna-s per line, each line begins with a laghu and the laghu and guru varna-s alternate. So there are eight LG (laghu-guru) pairs, making up 16 syllables of each line.  The last shloka is in Vasanta-tilakA metre.
********************************************************************
HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SPIRITUAL TOURISM IN BALI FOR CATHARSIS , BESAKIH HINDU TEMPLE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



 Many years go my ship discharged cargo at the Bali seaport of Benoa.  



I expected Muslim Indonesian port officials  to board.  I was taken aback to see the officials greeting me with a Namaste, saying “ Om swasti astu." ( may God shower grace upon you )  knowing that I was a Hindu Indian. 



They were glad to meet me.   

They said Goodbye saying "Om shanti, shanti, shanti"--"peace, peace, peace."

Suddenly I realized that my ship was in Hindu Bali. Bali is one of the last places of spirituality on that hemisphere of the planet, which had been corrupted by new sprung religions--  Islam by sword and Christianity by deceit and sops..



Before 7000 BC, India ruled the whole world and if at all there was a religon it was only Hindusim. After 7000 BC, India ruled from Jersusalem to Urals to Vietnam.

Make no mistake that Hinduism existed in Bali , much before the dates attributed by the fake immoral western historian.  These are the same Christian historians who were trying to fudge history just because their Bible said that the big bang happened in 4004 BC, while it actually happened 14 billion years ago.

When my ship was in Phillipines I met a Muslim Filipino.. On my ships I sailed only with Christian Filipinos. So I asked this man, before you became Muslim, what religion did your family follow. 

He said Hinduism.    

It was he to told me that after Christianity came to Phillipines all the Hindu temples were systematically destroyed and the stones were used to build churches in the same place. He also said that the Muslims too destroyed a lot of Hindu idols , and some private homes have these idols hidden even today.

Before the arrival of an Arab trader to Sulu Island in 1450 and Ferdinand Magellan, who sailed in behalf of Spain in 1521, the chiefs of many Philippine islands were called Rajas, and the script was derived from Brahmi.  

The vocabulary in all Philippine languages still reflect strong Hindu influences.  Karma, a Hindu concept is understood as part of the traditional view of the universe by many Philippine peoples.

The Filipinos were in a state of denial till  "Golden Tara", a 4-pound 21 carat gold statue of a Hindu-Malayan goddess, seated cross legged , was found in Mindanao in 1917.  The one foot high statue  is now in the Field Museum of Natural History, Chicago.   



Golden images of Garuda, the phoenix who is the mount of Lord Vishnu have been found in the Philippine island of Palawan.



The Laguna Copperplate Inscription was found in 1989 by a sand labourer near the mouth of the Lumbang River in Barangay Wawa, Lumban, Laguna Phillipines. The writing system used is the Kawi Script, while the language is a variety of Old Malay, and contains numerous loanwords from Sanskrit 



The use of Hindu references in the Laguna Copperplate Inscription could also suggest that the author  of the inscription was a Hindu.[  the date of its creation as the "Year of Syaka 822, month of Vaisakha." According to Jyotisha (Hindu astronomy), which corresponds to  the year 900 A.D.

The word ‘Indonesia' has an India connection — “Indos” means Indian and “nesos” means islands.  




Above : Besakih temple Bali with Garuda's wings .




Above :Lord Vishnu on his Garuda Vimana.

Garuda , the vehicle ( Vimana ) of Lord Vishnu , holds an important role for Indonesia, as it serves as the national symbol of Indonesia.


Lord Vishnu's carrier is also the name of the airline,  Garuda Indonesia.



In the Papua New Guinea part of this chain of Islands, the lore states that the Japanese stumbled on to ancient Hindu artifacts and this was the reason why they dug more than 650 kilometers of tunnels through pumice at Rabaul Island.

The island of Rabaul is connected to India, as these tunnels were dug by INA soldiers during World War 2. Our INA soldiers were eaten by Japanese soldiers for dinner.

Punch into Google search –

NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE , SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL

Bali is a Hindu pocket in  a Islamic Indonesia.  Muslims have been steadily re-converting to Hinduism. Bali was thronging with Western tourists who wanted relief from stress.

So Islamic terrorists did what they do best.

There was a Islamic terrorist bombing on 12 October 2002 in the tourist district of Kuta in Bali. The attack killed 202 people (including 88 Australians, 38 Indonesians, 27 Britons, 7 Americans and 6 Swedish citizens). 



A further 240 people were injured. Jemaah Islamiyah, a violent Islamist group, were convicted in relation to the bombings, including three individuals who were sentenced to death.  The attack involved the detonation of three bombs . 

Bali was the reason why Indonesian Muslims were converting back to Hinduism.

There was another Bali bombing in 2005 Bali . There was a series of car bombs and attacks on October 1, 2005.  Bombs exploded at two sites and it claimed the lives of 20 people and injured more than 100 others. 

The three bombers died in the attacks.  The terrorist group leader Imam Samudra while incarcerated in Kerobokan prison masterminded this terrorist attack group .

Indian must know how shrewdly the British cultivates stooges to destroy the Hindu fabric in India , for divide and rule. Rothschild cultivated two desh drohis.  One is BR Ambedkar and I do NOT want to waste words on him.

Bali which remained separated from India has the 4 varnas , but does NOT have the concept of untouchability.  Untouchability was the white Christian invader’s creation to drive fissures into Hinduism.

Punch into Google search-

CNN IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL

The other stooge was  Periyar E.V.Ramasamy, the mentor of the Dravidian party of Karunanidhi.    Indians must know the truth in this internet age.

The owner of British East India company who enslaved India German Jew Rothschild used another German Jew Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche to brainwash EVR Periyar.  Nietzsche did self propaganda that he is a Polish aristrocrat Christian— but he remains a German Jew, funded by Rothschild.



EVR Periyar’s constant cry “God is dead” is actually the  cry of Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche ( above ) .  

This German Jew went into raptures when it came to praising Jews.  Nietzsche conveys great praise for the Jewish people In the first essay of On the Genealogy of Morals, section 7, he asserts-

QUOTE- All that has been done on earth against "the noble," "the powerful," "the masters," "the rulers," fades into nothing compared with what the Jews have done against them; the Jews, that priestly people, who in opposing their enemies and conquerors were ultimately satisfied with nothing less than a radical revaluation of their enemies' values, that is to say, an act of the most spiritual revenge...
With the Jews there begins the slave revolt in morality: that revolt which has a history of two thousand years behind and and which we no longer see because it - has been victorious.UNQUOTE

The idea behind Rothschild’s  scheme is that those who direct the overall conspiracy could use the differences in so-called ideologies to enable them to divide larger and larger factions of the human race into opposing camps so that they could be armed and then brainwashed into fighting and destroying each other, and particularly, in destroying all political and religious institutions.  

This is essentially the same plan put forward by Johann Adam Weishaupt  in 1776.

Punch into Google search-

EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE , I'LL BE WATCHING YOU VADAKAYIL

Below: EVR Periyar as a young man.



EVR Periyar became an atheist and followed the Jewish  philosopher Nietzsche and repeated  that God is dead.   Periyar Thidal, is the headquarters of Dravidar Kazhagam, an organisation founded by Rothschild stooge  Periyar E.V.Ramasamy .

Both BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar had written in their books and magazines dozens of times of various occasions that the British rule is better than self rule.  

Both of them did NOT spend a minute fighting for India’s freedom-- everybody knows this .   

Yet we worship their statues.  

Translation of excerpts from Periyar’s editor’s note in Viduthalai magazine, 15.8.1972 ( Independence day )
QUOTE:  It has been decided by the state that the 15th of August this year will be celebrated as the Silver Jubilee year of ‘independence day’.
That is to say that the country was freed from foreign rule after many centuries and ‘we’ ruled our own ‘nation’.  Or so they say.
According to me this is not the day when we ‘got independence’.  On the contrary it’s the day when suitable conditions were created for slavery, idiosyncrasy, unethical behaviour and dishonesty to thrive. It is that day of sorrow.  It is 25 years since that ‘day of sorrow’ began.
I am not saying this now.  I said it the day ‘indian independence’ was announced. The day the declaration of ‘independence’ was made public I said very clearly in the editorial in Kudiarasu that ‘this is a day of sorrow. It is a day of shame for the nation and all of mankind’.-- UNQUOTE

Erode Venkata Ramasami Periyar started each of his public by categorically asserting the non-existence of god.  He did not believe in the existence of soul. 

EVR Periyar a born Hindu was vehemently opposed to Hinduism and Islam.  He never ever criticized Christianity, the  reason why there are so many Tamil Christian converts.

Periyar dead against Sanskrit and Hindi as a national bonding language.  He favored Tamil language and a separate nation for Tamils.  

You can do some research yourself and check out how the British bore the expenses for EVR Periyar to visit all foreign countries like Malaysia, Singapore , Sri Lanka etc with a  Tamil diaspora , to brainwash them against Hindusim.

In 1949, sixteen years after the death of his first wife, Periyar married his 28 years old secretary, Annaiyar Maniyammai.  Periyar was 70 years old at that time. 

His marriage led to a split in Dravidar Kazhagam (DK) and some of Periyar’s followers led by C.N. Annadurai (1909-1969) formed a separate organization called Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (DMK).  


EVR Periyar called for 15 August 1947, the day of Indian independence, to be a day of mourning. This pissed off his ardent follower CN Annadurai.  

During his days in Dravida Kazhagam, Annadurai had supported Periyar's call for an independent Dravida Nadu.



The last straw was when EVR Periyar wanted to boycott democratic elections . Annadurai walked out of the party meeting in 1948 to form his own DMK party.



Above:  Periyar with a wife 42 years younger than him

Maniyammai had been Periyar’s secretary for about six years before he married her.  

In his later life, he used to start his public meetings by categorically asserting the non-existence of god:

There is no god.
There is no god at all.
He who created god was a fool.
He who propagates god is a scoundrel.
He who worships god is a barbarian. 



Even Periyar’s last speech, delivered in Chennai (Madras) on 19 December 1973, began exactly like that.  The speech has been printed by the Dravidar Kazhagam Publications, with the title Periyar’s Declaration of War on Brahminism. 

He would die 4 days later at Vellore.



In this speech, Periyar has also enumerated the main principles of the Self-Respect Movement:
 God must be abolished.
 Religion must be abolished.

As an atheist, Periyar firmly states that the belief in God or gods is “detrimental to the welfare of the society.” 

In 1953 in order to discourage idol-worship, Periyar led a statewide campaign to break the idols of Ganesh at public places . 



According to Periyar, it is important for the youth of India to know the injustice and cruelty embodied in the Manu's Code, so that they can exert themselves to get rid of its evil influences.

He ran down Manu, and gave propaganda the way the Christian invader wanted it, to do “divide and rule”.  

EV Ramasamy Periyar was buried and NOT cremated at Periyar Thidal on 25 December in a  wooden coffin , with plenty of Christians in attendance .

He was NOT a Muslim, to be buried-- all know that. EVR Periyar had told his people several times to convert to Christianity.


EVR Periyar got a Rothschild sponsored citation awarded by the UNESCO described Periyar as "the prophet of the new age, the Socrates of South East Asia, father of social reform movement and arch enemy of ignorance, superstitions, meaningless customs and base manners.  

This was as a reward for using violent and vulgar language in his writings against Hindu gods, the Vedas and past Indian culture and advising Hindus to convert to Christianity.

After Periyar died in 1974, his wife Maniyammai, the new head of the Dravidar Kazhagam, set fire to the effigies of 'Rama', 'Sita' and 'Lakshmana' at Periyar Thidal, Madras.

The atheist and anti-Hindu followers of EVR Periyar include C.N. Annadurai, M. Karunanidhi, V. Gopalswamy ( Vaiko ) founder of the Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam (MDMK), S. Ramadoss founder of the Pattali Makkal Katchi (PMK),  K. Kamaraj,  Mayawati,  Kamal Hassan etc .  If you throw sh#t on Hindusim, you get foreign funds. 


What is love? – Excerpt from EVR Periyar’s writings of the pure and sublime word called love.
Those who talk of love at present say that it is not affection, affinity, longing, dotage or lust but something unique that develops between a man and a woman in an inexplicable way for a specific purpose. They say love is divinely and nothing else could match it.

If we probe into the nature of the word ‘love’ denuded of its paraphernalia, we will find nothing special about it. Whatever may be the language in which the word occurs, it is nothing but a word like `desire’, `affection’,` attraction’ etc that denotes a link between a man and a woman, If we look up the word in a dictionary, its sanskrit root connotes cutting, killing, breaking etc. In Tamil the word refers to sexual gravitation; otherwise it is a synonym with affection, desire, friendship. affinity, etc. There seems to be nothing special about it. If people attribute any special meaning to this word I do not know on what authority or usage they arrive at such a special meaning.

The mentality of the lovers makes it clear that their love is self-motivated and seeks gratification in each possessing the other.

Let us imagine that a man and a woman meet each other in a garden. Each looks at the other and gets gravitated . The man asks her who she is. She says she is a princess and the man falls in love with her instantly. Now, the princess, in her turn, asks him who he is. He answers that he is the son of a servant in her palace. What will be her reaction? Naturally she will feel disgusted and disgraced. Here what prompted them to love each other? Suppose the man tells her that he is the son of a neighbouring king. How would she react? She would fall headlong in love with him and wish he should continue to be her husband in all her births to come. Suppose she comes to know, after a few days, that her lover is not a prince but the son of a slave. Will her love continue as before or vanish? 

Suppose one falls in love with a girl presuming her to be all right but later comes to know that she is diseased or that she is a prostitute or that she is a schemer to possess his wealth or that she is contrary to his expectations. Will his love for her remain unaltered? Such questioning will reveal the hollowness of the word ‘love’ and its paraphernalia. Does true love spring up at first sight or does it evolve gradually by knowing each other intimately? Of these two types of love which can be superior? Can we say that Platonic love is superior to physical love? Can true love remain unperturbed even where incompatibility creeps in physically or mentally? Is true love immune to infidelity which is suspected or real? Can love become false if one gets away from the other egged on by suspicion or dissatisfaction?

People heap unnecessary and unwanted kudos on love and poison the minds of young men and women who ruin their own lives feigning false sentiments. They resemble those who pose themselves as true devotees, apply ash to their foreheads, go to temples regularly, sing devotional songs fervently, and utter the names of deities as “ Shiv!” or “Ram!”. They are like playful children, who pretend to be asleep and toss their toes if you mention that sleeping children will do so. They are like the women who hear that chaste women always walk with their eyes downcast instantly adopt that gait. Lovers taught the illusory traits of love blindly follow them and try to live like imaginary lovers.

I have written all this to prevent those who, irresponsibly interfere in the personal happiness and gratification of others by admonishing utterings like “Yours is not love” “It is against love”, “ Yours is lust” “Your love is equivalent to prostitution” etc and make life a hell in the name of the deceptive word “LOVE” .

The British made a cock and bull story of how he was thrown out of a free food shala at Varanasi. It happened only because he put a FAKE sacred thread , pretending to be a Brahmin, with a huge handle bar moustache.

Though EVR Periyar studied only to 5th standard, Rothschild makde him a Honorary Magistrateof Madras.
Periyar wrote that  “thali” ( mangalsutra ) is a symbol of slavery.  Periyar's publicly removed the mangalsutra of his wife and threw it away. It was sheer frustration of NOT having children.

In 1919, Periyar he was inducted into the desh drohi organization Indian National Congress. INC was to sit on the driver’s seat of freedom movement and made only the right sounds to fool Indians.

In 1932, Periyar visited Egypt, Greece, Turkey, Germany, France, Portugal, Russia and England. His longest tour was of Soviet Union.  After returning to India, Periyar formulated a Rotshchild’s Communist  Manifesto and started propagating it. At this stage of his career, CIA spook Jayaprakash Narayan, who was at that time a prominent leader of Congress Socialist Party, met Periyar and invited him to join his party.  CIA was started and run by Rothschild.

In 1953Periyar led a statewide campaign to break the idols of Ganesh at public places

Rothschild gave EVR Periyar poison injected passages  of Manu Smrithi to read out in all his speeches—just to convert Dalit Tamils to Christianity.  . So he would write and thunder “ According to the Manusmriti, Brahma created the Brahmins, Kshatriyas, Vaishyas and Shudras from his mouth, hands, thighs, and feet respectively, Shudras are pigs!  Food becomes polluted and unfit for consumption when a pig smells it, or hens and cock fly over it, or when a dog looks at it, or when a Shudra touches it. If a Shudra talks ill of a Brahmin his tongue should be cut.  Again, if a Shudra pronounces the name of a Brahmin, talks of his caste, or accuses him, a ten inches long red hot iron rod ( hark—it is NOT 11 inches TEE HEEEEE ) should be thrust into his mouth. If a Shudra dares to give moral lessons to a Brahmin, he should be punished by pouring hot oil in his ear and mouth.  If a Shudra hits a Brahmin, his hands must be cut off. If a Shudra occupies the same seat as a Brahmin, he is to be punished by branding his waist with hot rod and or getting his buttocks cut! If a Shudra leaves his profession and adopts the profession of a higher caste, the king should confiscate his property and expel him from his kingdom. In contrast to this, Brahmins are to be subjected to mild punishment only.If a Brahmin is awarded death sentence, it is sufficient to shave his head, but all others, including the Shudras, have to actually die”.

EVR’s made a huge faux paus once – he said “ Tamil is a language of barbarians “.  Till his death he had NO answer as to why he said this or why he married a very young woman at an old age.



Below:  Periyar, Jinnah and Ambedkar.  Rothschild's stooges to drive fissures into Hindusim for divide and rule.  Discussion topic ? - HOW TO SCREW HINDUISM AND HINDUS.




Bali is a proud Hindu community, a small island pocket of sole Hindu majority district in an otherwise Muslim country. Hinduism has not just survived here, it has thrived, unscathed by the tumultuous events of India's history over thousands of years.  Hindus is easily recognizable--the rituals, culture, traditions, rites of passage, etc.  



The main city, Denpasar, is a major tourist destination, but many Hindus live in "custom villages" run in a wonderfully traditional manner. Westerners love to come here and convert to Hindusim.  



The Hollywood movie starring Julia Roberts “Eat pray love” showcased Hindu Bali and India .   The Western press especially Italian were totally miffed when Julia Roberts converted to Hinduism.

Westerners have suddenly realized that India and Bali are the last pockets of spirituality on planet earth. Such is the healing power of Hinduism. If one comes with an open heart and mind, anyone with any sensitivity who comes to Bali will experience its healing energy and come away from it totally changed for the better.  

Really you have to experience this.  Bali is a magical place, where at least you can enrich your experience , if you do NOT need personal transformation.

Has the world known any peace since Judaism, Christianity and Islam were born ?  What is the need to aggressively convert people from other religions to Islam by sword and Christianity by deceit?  Proselyting is unknown in Hinduism. You convert on your own free will. 



Where ever you look in Bali you see  beauty unbound, everyone you meet give a a gift of their graceful smiles and gentle spirituality, to give you the feeling that you are welcome and one of them.


Above:  Giza- Indus- Angkor - Bali - SUNK ISLAND-  Easter Island -  Nazca- 

There are some in India who do NOT know the great ancient structures built across the planet by great ancient architects who left India on Vimanas, using the Golden mean of 1.618 of the antique 10500 year old Sri Yantra geometry of Hinduism..  



The Egyptian pyramids were built using the Sri Yantra  base angle of 51 deg 49 minutes.



Punch into Google search-

THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL

and


SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING VADAKAYIL

Today Westerners say that only if you experience the essence of Hindu India and Bali can your  spirit be cleansed.  



Broken from inside and mentally wrecked Western tourists go  to  Bali and India and leave feeling totally healed and reborn .  



They take the graceful spirit of  Hinduism with them and they are grateful for this unique experience.  They attend meditation, yoga and temple ceremony sessions for spiritual exploration. 



The first sign of being healed is that they start doing Namaste.

Balinese Hindus perform Trikal Sandhya, reciting the Gayatri Mantra and other Sanskrit slokas every day at 6am, noon and 6pm -- a practice found in India among brahmins.

Every Balinese home has a small temple, where they make  flower offerings.

Hari Raya Nyepi,  is the Day of Silence in which the island comes to a complete halt. No TV no radio. Even the electricity is shut off.  On New Year's Eve the villages are cleaned, food is cooked for two days and in the evening as much noise is made as possible to scare away the devils. 

Hindus stay indoors, praying , meditating and fasting.  No vehicles are on the roads, the airport is closed and tourists must remain in their hotels. Even Muslims and Christians co-operate. People relax and recover their frayed vocal chords strained the previous day.

The Trimurti of Brahma, Vishnu and Siva are the most popular Gods in Bali for the common man. Yet in the main temples they do NOT have a idol.  Western historians have written that the idols were removed as the Bali Hindus were afraid of the Muslims.  

They are wrong.

The Advaita concept of Hinduism considers the Supreme as empty space within an atom in which the electrons whizz around—the morphogenetic consciousness field , or BrahmAn.  




This is why in India there are NO temples for Brahma , the creator.  

Punch into Google search-
ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY , ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL

Brahma is seen in Ellora caves with 4 heads.  This represents four dimensions of space time, which Albert Einstein lifted from Hindusim.   

Did somebody say Oh yeah?


Till the Western scientists got their hands on ancient Indian Vedic scriptures which dealt with Vimanas , they did NOT know about time dilation.

Until the beginning of the 20th century, time was believed to be independent of motion, progressing at a fixed rate in all reference frames; however, later experiments revealed that time slows at higher speeds of the reference frame relative to another reference frame.

Such slowing, called time dilation, is explained in special relativity theory. Many experiments have confirmed time dilation, such as the relativistic decay of muons from cosmic ray showers and the slowing of atomic clocks aboard a Space Shuttle relative to synchronized Earth-bound inertial clocks. The duration of time can therefore vary according to events and reference frames.

There are several events in ancient Hindu scriptures.

Let me just quote one of them from Srimad-Bhagavatam 9.3.28-32

There is a story of a king named Kakudmi, who was able to travel to the world of Brahma and experience Brahma’s scale of time.

Taking his own daughter, Revati, Kakudmi went to Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka, which is transcendental to the three modes of material nature, and inquired about a husband for her. When Kakudmi arrived there, Lord Brahma was engaged in hearing musical performances by the Gandharvas and had not a moment to talk with him. Therefore Kakudmi waited, and at the end of the musical performances he offered his obeisances to Lord Brahma and thus submitted his long-standing desire.

After hearing his words, Lord Brahma, who is most powerful, laughed loudly and said to Kakudmi, “O King, all those whom you may have decided within the core of your heart to accept as your son-in-law have passed away in the course of time. Twenty-seven catur-yugas have already passed. Those upon whom you may have decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons, and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names.”

King Kakudmi’s visit to Brahmaloka took 27 times 4,320,000 earth years. Brahma’s time King Kakudmi’s visit lasted 3,456 seconds, or just under an hour.  The king had had to wait for a musical performance to finish before having a brief conversation with Lord Brahma.



According to the Srimad- Bhagavatam the physical universe is surrounded by a shell, and Brahmaloka is located very close to that shell. The Bhagavatam gives the diameter of this shell as 500 million yojanas, which, using the standard figure of 8 miles per yojana, comes out to 4 billion miles.


The space travelers could return to Earth billions of years in the future. A scenario based on this idea was presented in the novel Planet of the Apes by Pierre Boulle.

Spacetime is interpreted with space as existing in three dimensions and time playing the role of a fourth dimension that is of a different sort from the spatial dimensions.  




Space and time are unified in a four-dimensional Minkowski continuum called spacetime, whose metric treats the time dimension differently from the three spatial dimensions .  Spacetime is thus not a Euclidean space.



“Brahma has four heads" (Śrīmad Bhāgavatam 12.8.2–5).




Brahma is shapeless.  

He is beyond quantity and quality.

If you see the immoral reasons the white Christian historian has given for Indian Hindus NOT worshipping Brahma , you will split your sides with laughter. Mind you they have painfully injected all these fake stories in our ancient scriptures using Sanskrit scholars.  

They even injected poison that  Brahma originally had five heads. One of them was cut down by Shiva when he got pissed off with Brahma. 

TEE HEEEE !!

Wanna know more?

RIDICULOUS STORY NO 1:
Brahma is not worshiped because of a curse by the great sage Brahmarishi Bhrigu.  The high priest Bhrigu was organising a great fire-sacrifice on Earth. It was decided that the greatest among all Gods would be made the presiding deity. Bhrigu then set off to find the greatest among the Trimurti. When he went to Brahmā, the god was so immersed in the music played by Saraswati that he could hardly hear Bhrigu's calls. The enraged Bhrigu then cursed Brahmā that no person on Earth would ever invoke him or worship him again. BLAH BLAH

RIDICULOUS STORY NO 2:
At the beginning of time in the Cosmos, Vishnu and Brahmā approached a huge Shiva linga and set out to find its beginning and end. Vishnu was appointed to seek the end and Brahma the beginning. Taking the form of a boar, Vishnu began digging downwards into the earth, while Brahma took the form of a swan and began flying upwards. However, neither could find His appointed destination. Vishnu, satisfied, came up to Shiva and bowed down to him as a swarupa of Brahman. Brahmā did not give up so easily.  As He was going up, he saw a ketaki flower, dear to Shiva. His ego forced him to ask the flower to bear false witness about Brahmā's discovery of Shiva's beginning. When Brahmā told his tale, Shiva, the all-knowing, was angered by the former's ego. Shiva thus cursed him that no being in the three worlds will worship him. BLAH BLAH BLAH .

RIDICULOUS STORY NO 3:
Brahma created a woman in order to aid him with his job of creation. She was called Shatarupa.

She was so beautiful that Brahma became infatuated with her, and gazed at her wherever she went. This caused her extreme embarrassment and Shatarupa tried to turn from his gaze.

But in every direction she moved, Brahma sprouted a head until he had developed four.  Finally, Shatarupa grew so frustrated that she jumped to try to avoid his gaze. Brahma, in his obsession, sprouted a fifth head on top of all.

It is also said in some sources that Shatarupa kept changing her form. She became every creature on earth to avoid Brahma. He however, changed his form to the male version of whatever she was and thus every animal community in the world was created.

Lord Shiva admonished Brahma for demonstrating behaviour of an incestuous nature and chopped off his fifth head for 'unholy' behaviour. Since Brahma had distracted his mind from the soul and towards the cravings of the flesh, Shiva's curse was that people should not worship Brahma.


As a form of repentance, it is said that Brahma has been continually reciting the four Vedas since this time, one from each of his four heads.  BLAH BLAH BLAH BLAH 

Really it is NOT worth putting these ridiculous and immoral stories down. I can never imagine a Hindu injecting poison into the Bible, though there is so much of scope.

Wanna know what First Corinthians 7.36 says in the Old Testament? 

Don’t , it is NOT worth it.

You can check the doctored and spun version in the New Testaments.

QUOTE: if any man thinks that he is acting unbecomingly toward his virgin daughter, if she is past her youth, and if it must be so, let him do what he wishes, he does not sin : UNQUOTE


New International Version
If anyone is worried that he might not be acting honorably toward the virgin he is engaged to, and if his passions are too strong and he feels he ought to marry, he should do as he wants. He is not sinning. They should get married.

New Living Translation
But if a man thinks that he's treating his fiancee improperly and will inevitably give in to his passion, let him marry her as he wishes. It is not a sin.

English Standard Version
If anyone thinks that he is not behaving properly toward his betrothed, if his passions are strong, and it has to be, let him do as he wishes: let them marry—it is no sin.

New American Standard Bible
But if any man thinks that he is acting unbecomingly toward his virgin daughter, if she is past her youth, and if it must be so, let him do what he wishes, he does not sin; let her marry.

King James Bible
But if any man think that he behaveth himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry.

Holman Christian Standard Bible
But if any man thinks he is acting improperly toward his virgin, if she is past marriageable age, and so it must be, he can do what he wants. He is not sinning; they can get married.

International Standard Version
If a man thinks he is not behaving properly toward his virgin, and if his passion is so strong that he feels he ought to marry her, let him do what he wants; he isn't sinning. Let them get married.

NET Bible
If anyone thinks he is acting inappropriately toward his virgin, if she is past the bloom of youth and it seems necessary, he should do what he wishes; he does not sin. Let them marry.

Aramaic Bible in Plain English
But if a man thinks he is disgraced by his virgin who is past her time and he has not given her to a man, and it is fitting to give her as he chooses to do, he does not sin; she may be married.

GOD'S WORD® Translation
No father would want to do the wrong thing when his virgin daughter is old enough to get married. If she wants to get married, he isn't sinning by letting her get married.

King James 2000 Bible
But if any man think that he behaves himself improperly toward his virgin, if she pass the prime of her age, and need so require, let him do what he desires, he sins not: let them marry.

American King James Version
But if any man think that he behaves himself uncomely toward his virgin, if she pass the flower of her age, and need so require, let him do what he will, he sins not: let them marry.

American Standard Version
But if any man thinketh that he behaveth himself unseemly toward his virgin daughter , if she be past the flower of her age, and if need so requireth, let him do what he will; he sinneth not; let them marry.

Douay-Rheims Bible
But if any man think that he seemeth dishonoured, with regard to his virgin, for that she is above the age, and it must so be: let him do what he will; he sinneth not, if she marry.

Darby Bible Translation
But if any one think that he behaves unseemly to his virginity, if he be beyond the flower of his age, and so it must be, let him do what he will, he does not sin: let them marry.

English Revised Version
But if any man thinketh that he behaveth himself unseemly toward his virgin daughter, if she be past the flower of her age, and if need so requireth, let him do what he will; he sinneth not; let them marry.

Webster's Bible Translation
But if any man thinketh that he behaveth himself uncomely towards his virgin, if she hath passed the flower of her age, and need so requireth, let him do what he will, he sinneth not: let them marry.

Weymouth New Testament
If, however, a father thinks he is acting unbecomingly towards his still unmarried daughter if she be past the bloom of her youth, and so the matter is urgent, let him do what she desires; he commits no sin; she and her suitor should be allowed to marry.

World English Bible
But if any man thinks that he is behaving inappropriately toward his virgin, if she is past the flower of her age, and if need so requires, let him do what he desires. He doesn't sin. Let them marry.

Young's Literal Translation
and if any one doth think it to be unseemly to his virgin, if she may be beyond the bloom of age, and it ought so to be, what he willeth let him do; he doth not sin -- let him marry.



This explains how Lot went up the mountain with his daughters and came down with children, right? 

An account of Lot and his daughters in Genesis 19:30-38



Genesis 19:30 
And Lot went up out of Zoar, and dwelt in the mountain, and his two daughters with him; for he feared to dwell in Zoar: and he dwelt in a cave, he and his two daughters.
31 And the firstborn said unto the younger, Our father is old, and there is not a man in the earth to come in unto us after the manner of all the earth:
32 Come, let us make our father drink wine, and we will lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
33 And they made their father drink wine that night: and the firstborn went in, and lay with her father; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
34 And it came to pass on the morrow, that the firstborn said unto the younger, Behold, I lay yesternight with my father: let us make him drink wine this night also; and go thou in, and lie with him, that we may preserve seed of our father.
35 And they made their father drink wine that night also: and the younger arose, and lay with him; and he perceived not when she lay down, nor when she arose.
36 Thus were both the daughters of Lot with child by their father.

ENOUGH OF NONSENSE— GETTING BACK 



Above: Besakih temple of Bali

Balinese are under the impression that Maharishi Markandeya who brought Hinduism to Bali around 500 AD.   They are misled by the white Christian historian and they are wrong.   

Maharishi Markandeya happened more than 13000 years ago.  He was the sole witness to the cosmic deluge as per the Vedas written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago.

Punch into Google search-
THE BANYAN TREE AND SINGULARITY VADAKAYIL

The Bali youth remain proud of their Balinese culture even under the influence of more than two million tourists arriving yearly.  A village in Bali is called a desha, which normally means country in Sanskrit.  

Each desha has three temples, one each for Brahma, Vishnu and Siva. The Brahma temple is placed near the village center, Vishnu's near the farms and Siva's near the cremation grounds

The Balinese believe in the laws of karma . Due to this principle, people are afraid of doing wrong actions, which would only bring them trouble in their next life. Crime is less and hence the reason why tourist love this place—even after the deadly Muslim terror attacks..  



There are over ten thousand teachers of Hinduism in Indonesia's schools. Priests are highly respected. They survive on the offerings of devotees, and the devotees understand this.

There is an Indian Cultural Centre, Bali, in the heart of Denpasar.   The Indian staff includes a yoga teacher and a dance instructor.  The center participates in all major festivals, conducts classes in yoga, 
Bharatanatyam dance and Hindi, and issues 30 scholarships a year for Hindu Indonesian students to study in India.



There are no idols or murtis in the temples of Bali , as they believe in the advaita form of Hinduism.  During puja, they focus the mind on the temple's pedestal or padmasana and invite the God to come, then they make offerings.  They identify the padmasana by putting different colors for each God: red for Brahma, black for Vishnu and white for Shiva.

In India, the guardians of society are the police, but here every street and corner of the village is covered by the pachalaks.  Pachalaks are ordinary citizens, not police, who keep a vigilant eye on the activities of the community.  It is like the neighborhood watch scheme .  In the past Muslim police had connived with jealous Islamic terrorists.



Above: Vishnu bust in a Bali park.  Muslims had vandalised it.

The rest of the Hindu world should look at the Balinese people and thank them for upholding their culture so strongly. The rest of the world prays as individuals and as a family. But the Balinese pray as a person, as a family, as a community, as a society and even as a nation. They pray together on all kinds of good or bad occasions. This integrates the society, binding them together and bringing a strong sense of brotherhood

The Balinese have reduced Christian conversion significantly by opening Hindu orphanages, serving children without parents as well as some from poor families unable to care for them. There are now eight Hindu orphanages – as the immoral Christian missionaries had opened up 41 orphanages (Madrassa style ) to lure the Hindus away.

The Balinese enter their temples with shoes on. Only for puja they remove their shoes .. They make it compulsory to wear dhoti ( sarong ). 

Balinese eat meat and are NOT vegetarian.  Only their priests are vegetarian. In Bali schools they recite Gayatri Mantra 3 times a day. .Many of the local radio stations also relay Trikala Sandhya three times a day


Punch into Google search-

GAYATRI MANTRA VIDEO , NINA HAGEN  VADAKAYIL

and


POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS  VADAKAYIL

Check out the Sandhya Vandanam video below:





It is said that one who does not perform Sandhyavandanam is ever impure and is thus rendered unfit to perform the other Vedic rites. Sandhya Kala is a time of junction. 



Above: The earth (bhur), the planets (bhuvah), and the galaxies (swah) are moving at a very great velocity, the sound produced is Om, (the name of formless God.) That God (tat), who manifests Himself in the form of light of suns (savitur) is worthy of bowing / respect (varenyam). We all, therefore, should meditate (dheemahi) upon the light (bhargo) of that deity (devasya) and also do chanting of Om. May He (yo) guide in right direction (prachodayat) our (nah) intellect dhiyo

This is the time when there is a change from darkness to light or from light to darkness. Also a change from an ascending sun to a descending sun in the sky is also considered as the Sandhya Kala. 

The Manu Smriti states that great Rishis have been performing Sandhya prayers for longer times due to which they have been blessed with longevity, intelligence, fame, goodwill and divine effulgence. 

The sayam sandhyavandana should be started before sunset and concluded  at sunset (at local time) before the green flash.

Punch into Google search-
GREEN FLASH AT SUNSET AND PERCEPTION VADAKAYIL


Just as in the villages in India, mothers here do not allow their children to go out after dark. They also have the system of lemon and green chillies being used to prevent the evil forces from acting on their dear ones.

The Mother Temple, BESAKIH  is the holiest in all of Bali. It is located at 3,610 feet on the slopes of Bali's highest mountain, Mount Agung, an active volcano rising 10,308 feet. Lava flows from a huge 1962 eruption that killed 2,000 people missed the temple by just a few meters. 



People did NOT abandon the temple and continued praying at great risk to their lives.




The Balinese believe Agung is a fragment of India's Mount Meru, brought by the first Hindus. Mother Besakih Temple is, in fact, a complex made up of 22 temples. 

Its numerous courtyards and brick gateways are connected by stepped terraces and flights of stairs which finally lead up to the central shrine. . Tourism generates a lot of money for Bali and Hinduism is a great money spinner.

Bali is one of the world’s most prominent rice growers. Every farm has a temple dedicated to Shri Devi and Bhu Devi (Lakmi the Goddess of wealth and mother earth - the two divinities that stand on the either of side of Tirupati Bala ji in India).  



No farmer will perform his agricultural duties without first making offerings to Shri Devi and Bhu Devi. . There is a special ritual of lifting the sacred book, carrying it in a procession, bringing [it] to a special place, doing the bhumi puja, worshipping the ground there and consecrating the ground, then placing the book there. Then the priest will sit and recite mantras.

The 9th century Prambanan Shiva temple, the largest Hindu temple in Indonesia. (See below)



Most of these Hindu temples have been broken up by Muslims.  

One Babri Masjid where NO worship was being done, built on top of an ancient Ram temple of Ayodhya created so much ruckus.  

But thousands of Hindu temples broken up by Muslims is normal, right? 

Punch into Google search-

BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL

THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE  VADAKAYIL





The temples of the far East are huge , ancient and astonishing. The white Christian historian have dated all of them as a couple of hundred years old , to be in consonance with the ridiculous Christian version of the big bang at 4004 BC.  It is so easy to find out the real age, with modern Carbon dating.



Above: Angkor Wat

 

Above: Angkor Wat

 

Above: Angkor Wat

Above: Angkor Wat

 
Above: Angkor Wat



Above: Angkor Wat

 

 

 


Prambanan, named after the village, is the biggest temple complex in Java. It is actually a huge Hindu temple complex about 15 km north-east of Yogyakarta.. Main shrine is dedicated to Shiva.. Prambanan temple was originally named Shivagrha.



It was designed as three concentric squares.  In all there were 240 temples in the entire complex.  
Prambanan temple officially caught the international attention in early 19th century.   


In 1811 during Britain’s short-lived rule of the Dutch East Indies, Colin Mackenzie, a surveyor in the service of Sir Thomas Stamford Raffles, came upon the temples by chance. 



The amazing temple  was left to rot for decades . 




Above : Samudra Manthan -- destroyed by Muslims.

Dutch residents carted  off sculptures as garden ornaments and native Muslim villagers using the foundation stones for construction material.  Jealous Muslims destroyed whatever they could destroy.


Half-hearted excavations by archaeologists in the 1880s merely facilitated looting.  Rather they encouraged it under influence of Islamic and Christian interests. Why should a glorious Hindu temple be exhumed.




Reconstruction of the compound began in 1918, and proper restoration only in 1930. The temple was damaged during the May 2006 Java earthquake.









Above : Brahma statue Prambanan.



Above : Candi Sewu 


Above : Prambanan Brahma temple


Hinduism remains the most attacked and under siege of all the major world religions. This is in spite of the fact that Hinduism is the most tolerant, pluralistic and synthetic of the world’s major religions.  

Yet though Hindu gurus have called for respect for all religions, leaders of other UNHAPPY religions have not responded in kind by offering any respect for Hinduism.

Instead they have continued to promote their missionary agendas and plan the conversion of India to their beliefs. Hinduism is the largest of the non-conversion, non-proselytizing religions and so offers the greatest possibilities for conversion. 

It is the vulnerability of Hinduism that makes it a target, not the fact that Hindus are trying to convert or conquer the world for some hostile belief.

While missionaries are virtually banned in China and in Islamic countries, in India they are often tolerated, respected and given a wide scope of activity. Since Christianity is in decline, particularly in Europe, it has a need to find new converts for which India is one of main potential locations, particularly as a comparatively high percentage of Hindu converts are willing to become priests and nuns.


Pope John Paul II in a trip to India few years ago spoke directly of looking for a “rich harvest of souls in the third millennium in Asia”, specifically India as part of Joshua Project 2.




US President Bush promised in USA Today on September 21, 2000, he would allocate $80 billion over 10 years in tax incentives to help US churches provide social services.  USAID ( which has a CIA link ) funds Christian NGOs in India . 

Its  US trans-national Christian NGOs like World Vision and CARE are more involved in conversions to Christianity than development initiatives in India, which is just  a mere front. 


Hinduism is a way of life  based on principles or evolved over time , code of  Dharma.  It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

A Hindu feels happy as a Hindu to meet people of other faiths, and converse with them, without being burdened by the conviction , that my religion is the best, and i have embarked on the right path, that every one else has missed.

15% of the people on this planet are Hindu. This percentage is increasing not by sops given by immoral missionaries or by brute force—but by the inherent grace and charm.

The wheel has turned full circle -- yes the tide has turned, worldwide !!..

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..
Grace and peace!




6400 years ago King Ravana wrote these verses in praise of Lord Shiva

जटाटवीगलज्जलप्रवाहपावितस्थले
गलेवलम्ब्य लम्बितां भुजङ्गतुङ्गमालिकाम् ।
डमड्डमड्डमड्डमन्निनादवड्डमर्वयं
चकार चण्डताण्डवं तनोतु नः शिवः शिवम् ॥ 1 ॥

Jatatavee gala jjala pravaha pavitha sthale,
Gale avalabhya lambithaam bhujanga thunga malikaam,
Dama ddama dama ddama ninnadava damarvayam,
Chakara chanda thandavam thanothu na shiva shivam. 1

That Lord Śhiva, who has held a long-garland of the lofty king Cobra at the neck which is purified by the flow of trickling water-drops in the forest-like twisted hair-locks, Who dances the fierce and auspicious Tāṇḍava-dance to the music of a sounding-drum, — May that Śhiva shower prosperity on us all.[1]

जटाकटाहसम्भ्रमभ्रमन्निलिम्पनिर्झरी-
-विलोलवीचिवल्लरीविराजमानमूर्धनि ।
धगद्धगद्धगज्ज्वलल्ललाटपट्टपावके
किशोरचन्द्रशेखरे रतिः प्रतिक्षणं मम ॥ 2 ॥

Jata kataha sambhramabrama nillimpa nirjari,
Vilola veechi vallari viraja mana moordhani,
Dhaga dhaga daga jjwala lalata patta pavake,
Kishora Chandra shekare rathi prathi kshanam mama. 2

At every moment, may I find pleasure in Śhiva, Whose head is glorified by the  unsteady waves of Nilimpanirjharī ( Celestial Gańgā) agitating unsteadily in the deep well of his matted hair-locks, Who has a brilliant blazing fire at the surface of forehead, and Who has a crescent-moon as a jewel on his forehead.[2]

धराधरेन्द्रनन्दिनीविलासबन्धुबन्धुर
स्फुरद्दिगन्तसन्ततिप्रमोदमानमानसे ।
कृपाकटाक्षधोरणीनिरुद्धदुर्धरापदि
क्वचिद्दिगम्बरे मनो विनोदमेतु वस्तुनि ॥ 3 ॥

Dara darendra nandini vilasa bhandhu bhandura,
Sphuradigantha santhathi pramodha mana manase,
Krupa kadaksha dhorani niruddha durdharapadi,
Kwachi digambare mano vinodhamethu vasthuni. 3

May my mind seeks bliss happiness in Lord Shiva , in whose mind the glorious universe and all the living-beings exist, Who is the charming sportive-friend of the daughter of the mountain-king of the Earth (i.e. Himālaya), Whose uninterrupted series of merciful-glances conceals immense-troubles, who is all pervasive ( directions as His clothes) .[3]

जटाभुजङ्गपिङ्गलस्फुरत्फणामणिप्रभा
कदम्बकुङ्कुमद्रवप्रलिप्तदिग्वधूमुखे ।
मदान्धसिन्धुरस्फुरत्त्वगुत्तरीयमेदुरे
मनो विनोदमद्भुतं बिभर्तु भूतभर्तरि ॥ 4 ॥

Jada bhujanga pingala sphurath phana mani prabha,
Kadamba kumkuma drava praliptha digwadhu mukhe,
Madhandha sindhura sphurathwagu utthariya medhure,
Mano vinodhamadhbutham bibarthu bhootha bharthari. 4

May my mind hold in Śiva, by Whom — with the light from the jewels of the shining-hoods of creeper-like yellow-snakes — the face of Dikkanyās’ are smeared with Kadamba-juice like red Kuńkuma, Who looks dense due to the glittering skin-garment of an intoxicated elephant, and Who is the Lord of the ghosts.[4]

सहस्रलोचनप्रभृत्यशेषलेखशेखर
प्रसूनधूलिधोरणी विधूसराङ्घ्रिपीठभूः ।
भुजङ्गराजमालया निबद्धजाटजूटक
श्रियै चिराय जायतां चकोरबन्धुशेखरः ॥ 5 ॥

Sahasra lochana prabhoothyasesha lekha shekhara,
Prasoona dhooli dhorani vidhu sarangri peedabhu,
Bhujangaraja Malaya nibhadha jada jhootaka,
Sriyai chiraya jayatham chakora bandhu shekhara. 5

For a long time, may Śhiva — Whose foot-stool is grey due to the series of pollen dust from flowers at the head of Indra (Sahasralocana) and all other demi-gods, Whose matted hairlocks are tied by a garland of the king of snakes, and Who has a head-jewel of the friend of cakora bird — produce prosperity.[5]

ललाटचत्वरज्वलद्धनञ्जयस्फुलिङ्गभा-
-निपीतपञ्चसायकं नमन्निलिम्पनायकम् ।
सुधामयूखलेखया विराजमानशेखरं
महाकपालिसम्पदेशिरोजटालमस्तु नः ॥ 6 ॥

Lalata chathwara jwaladhanam jaya sphulingabha,
Nipeetha pancha sayagam saman nilimpanayakam,
Sudha mayookha lekhaya virajamana shekharam,
Maha kapali sampade, siro jadalamasthu na. 6

May we acquire the wealth of Siddhis from the tress-locks of Śiva, Which absorbed the five-arrows (of Kāmadeva) in the sparks of the blazing fire stored in the rectangular-forehead, Which is bowed to by celestial leaders , Which have an enticing-forehead with a beautiful streak of crescent-moon.[6]

करालफालपट्टिकाधगद्धगद्धगज्ज्वल-
द्धनञ्जयाधरीकृतप्रचण्डपञ्चसायके ।
धराधरेन्द्रनन्दिनीकुचाग्रचित्रपत्रक-
-प्रकल्पनैकशिल्पिनि त्रिलोचने मतिर्मम ॥ 7 ॥

Karala bhala pattika dhagadhaga jjwala,
Ddhanam jayahuthi krutha prachanda pancha sayage ,
Dharadharendra nandhini kuchagra chithrapathraka,
Prakalpanaika shilpini, trilochane rather mama. 7

May I find pleasure in three eyed Shiva  (Trilocana ), Who offered the five great-arrows (of Kāmadeva) to the blazing and chattering fire of the plate-like forehead, and Who is the sole-artist placing decorative artistic lines on the breasts of the daughter of Himālaya (Pārvatī).[7]

नवीनमेघमण्डली निरुद्धदुर्धरस्फुरत्-
कुहूनिशीथिनीतमः प्रबन्धबन्धुकन्धरः ।
निलिम्पनिर्झरीधरस्तनोतु कृत्तिसिन्धुरः
कलानिधानबन्धुरः श्रियं जगद्धुरन्धरः ॥ 8 ॥

Naveena megha mandali nirudha durdharath sphurath,
Kahoo niseedhi neethama prabhandha bandha kandhara,
Nilimpa nirjari darsthanothu kruthi sindhura,
Kala nidhana bandhura sriyam jagat durandhara. 8

May Śhiva — Whose cord-tied neck is dark like a night with shining-moon obstructed by layers of  clouds, Who holds the celestial River Gańgā, Whose cloth is made of elephant-skin, Who has a curved and crescent moon placed at the forehead, and Who bears the universe — expand my wealth.[8]

प्रफुल्लनीलपङ्कजप्रपञ्चकालिमप्रभा-
-विलम्बिकण्ठकन्दलीरुचिप्रबद्धकन्धरम् ।
स्मरच्छिदं पुरच्छिदं भवच्छिदं मखच्छिदं
गजच्छिदान्धकच्छिदं तमन्तकच्छिदं भजे ॥ 9 ॥

Prafulla neela pankaja prapancha kalima prabha,
Valambhi kanda kanthali ruchi prabandha kandharam,
Smarschidham puraschidham bhavaschidham makhachidham,
Gajachidandakachidham tham anthakachidham bhaje. 9

I adore Śhiva, Who supports the dark glow of blooming blue lotus series at around the girdle of His neck, , who is the killer of Manmatha , Who destroyed Triputra ( Atlantis ), Who cut-off the bonds of wordly mundane existence, Who destroyed the sacrifice (of Dakṣha , father of Sati ), Who destroyed demon Andhaka the destroyer of elephants , and Who controls Yama (death).[9]


अगर्वसर्वमङ्गलाकलाकदम्बमञ्जरी
रसप्रवाहमाधुरी विजृम्भणामधुव्रतम् ।
स्मरान्तकं पुरान्तकं भवान्तकं मखान्तकं
गजान्तकान्धकान्तकं तमन्तकान्तकं भजे ॥ 10 ॥

Agarva sarva mangalaa kalaa kadamba manjari,
Rasa pravaha madhuri vijrumbha mana madhu vrtham,
Suranthakam, paranthakam, bhavanthakam, makhandakam,
Gajandhakandhakandakam thamanthakanthakam bhaje. 10

I pray to Lord Shiva, who has bees flying all over because of the sweet honey from the beautiful bunch of auspicious Kadamba flowers, who is the killer of Manmatha, who destroyed Tripuras, who destroyed the bonds of worldly life, who destroyed the sacrifice, who destroyed the demon Andhaka, the killer of the elephants, and who controlled the God of death, Yama.(10)

जयत्वदभ्रविभ्रमभ्रमद्भुजङ्गमश्वस-
-द्विनिर्गमत्क्रमस्फुरत्करालफालहव्यवाट् ।
धिमिद्धिमिद्धिमिध्वनन्मृदङ्गतुङ्गमङ्गल
ध्वनिक्रमप्रवर्तित प्रचण्डताण्डवः शिवः ॥ 11 ॥

Jayathwadhabra vibramadbujaamga maswasath,
Vinirgamath, kramasphurath, karala bhala havya vat,
Dhimi dhimi dhimi dhwanan mrudanga thunga mangala,
Dhwani karma pravarthitha prachanda thandawa shiva. 11

May Śhiva, Whose forehead has oblations of turbulent and fiery snake-hisses —  whirling out and  sparking, Whose fierce tāṇḍava-dance is set in motion by the sound-series of the auspicious drum (ḍamaru) — which is sounding with ‘dhimit-dhimit’ sounds, be victorious.[11]

दृषद्विचित्रतल्पयोर्भुजङ्गमौक्तिकस्रजोर्-
-गरिष्ठरत्नलोष्ठयोः सुहृद्विपक्षपक्षयोः ।
तृष्णारविन्दचक्षुषोः प्रजामहीमहेन्द्रयोः
समं प्रवर्तयन्मनः कदा सदाशिवं भजे ॥ 12 ॥

Drusha dwichi thra thalpayor bhujanga moukthika srajo,
Garishta rathna loshtayo suhrudhwi paksha pakshayo,
Trunara vinda chakshusho praja mahee mahendrayo,
Samapravarthika kadha sadashivam bhajamyaham. 12

When will I worship Lord Sadāśiva with an equal vision towards varied ways of the world, a snake or a pearl-garland, royal-gems or a lump of dirt, friend or enemy , a grass-eyed or a lotus-eyed person, and common men or the king.[12]

कदा निलिम्पनिर्झरीनिकुञ्जकोटरे वसन्
विमुक्तदुर्मतिः सदा शिरःस्थमञ्जलिं वहन् ।
विमुक्तलोललोचनो ललाटफाललग्नकः
शिवेति मन्त्रमुच्चरन् सदा सुखी भवाम्यहम् ॥ 13 ॥

Kada nilampa nirjaree nikunja kotare vasan,
Vimuktha durmathee sada sirasthanjaleem vahan,
Vilola lola lochano lalama bhala lagnaka,
Shivethi manthamucharan kada sukhee bhavamyaham. 13

Living in the hollow of a tree in the thickets of River Gańgā, always free from ill-thinking, bearing añjali at the forehead, free from lustful eyes, and forehead and head bonded, when will I become content while reciting the mantra ‘‘Śhiva?’’[13]

इमं हि नित्यमेवमुक्तमुत्तमोत्तमं स्तवं
पठन्स्मरन्ब्रुवन्नरो विशुद्धिमेतिसन्ततम् ।
हरे गुरौ सुभक्तिमाशु याति नान्यथा गतिं
विमोहनं हि देहिनां सुशङ्करस्य चिन्तनम् ॥ 14 ॥

Imam hi nithya meva muktha muthamothamam sthavam,
Padan, smaran broovan naro vishudhimethi santhatham,
Hare Gurou subhakthimasu yathi nanyadha gatheem,
Vimohinam hi dehinaam sushakarasya chithanam. 14

Whoever reads, remembers and says this best stotra as it is said here,gets purified for ever, and obtains devotion in the great Guru Shiva. For this devotion, there is no other way. Just the mere thought of Lord Shiva indeed removes the delusion. (14)

पूजावसानसमये दशवक्त्रगीतं यः
शम्भुपूजनपरं पठति प्रदोषे ।
तस्य स्थिरां रथगजेन्द्रतुरङ्गयुक्तां
लक्ष्मीं सदैव सुमुखिं प्रददाति शम्भुः ॥ 15 ॥

Poojavasana samaye dasa vakhra geetham,
Ya shambhu poojana param padthi pradhoshe,
Thasya sthiraam radha gajendra thuranga yuktham,
Lakshmeem sadaiva sumukheem pradadathi shambu. 15

At the time of prayer after sunset , whoever utters this stotra by Daśavaktra (Rāvaṇa) after the prayer of Śambhu — Śambhu gives him stable wealth including chariots, elephants and horses, and beautiful face.[15]

||सार्थशिवताण्डवस्तोत्रम् ||
               ||श्रीगणेशाय नमः ||

Ithi Ravana krutham,
Shiva thandava stotram,

Sampoornam.

Thus ends the Shiva-Tandava Stotra written by Ravana.


 The stotra is in panchachAmara Chanda, in which there are 16 varna-s per line, each line begins with a laghu and the laghu and guru varna-s alternate. So there are eight LG (laghu-guru) pairs, making up 16 syllables of each line.  The last shloka is in Vasanta-tilakA metre.
********************************************************************
DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SIX TIME NOBEL PRIZE NOMINEE , ENNACKAL CHANDY GEORGE SUDARSHAN  AN UNSUNG INDIAN SCIENTIST ,  IMMORAL JEWISH MONOPOLY IN NOBEL PRIZES ,  BLATANT STEALING OF INTELLECTUAL RIGHTS , VESTED NOBEL PRIZE HAS NO SHEEN ANYMORE –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 




Is the man above a loser? 

Look at his face.

In Indian dharma we prefer to be losers that be IMMORAL thiefs. 



Above: This is more shocking considering Muslims constitute 24.1% of this planet’s population while Jews are a mere 0.19%.   The few Nobel prizes given to Muslims were vulgar rewards for throwing muck at Islam.  The Physics Nobel prize given to Pakistani Ahmediyya sect Abdus Salam in 2005 should have gone to Sudarshan-- for the subject of Unified theory of the weak and electromagnetic interactions.

First I want you to read three of my previous posts.

Just to show what all these Nobel Prizes are worth. 

Punch into Google search-

JAGADISH CHANDRA BOSE , NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL

and

SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL

and

THE FRACTAL MIND OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN VADAKAYIL

The white man has been stealing from India for centuries and patenting ancient Indian knowledge in their names in most immoral manner.

Want just one example?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON  THE CALCULUS THIEF  VADAKAYIL

When my elder son did his ME in Computer Science at Ivy League University, Cornell Ithaca , USA, there was a students vote for the best project of the year.

My son and his South Korean partner lost by a single vote and became second, as they voted for the winners.  This should be the spirit of science.

Punch into Google search-
MY SON AT CORNELL UNIVERSITY VADAKAYIL

He and his partner were NOT at all disappointed.  Rather they celebrated they second prize. (Rest all were voting for themselves).

Buy what do you see today?

How do the white Christian men and the Jews do it?

It is dog eat dog , immoral, foul and even vicious politics.  They steal other’s work without any scruples.

The white man ruled India and made us slaves and so we have a first hand experience.

They stole all our ancient knowledge written down in 5000 BC ,  patented it in their own names, and destroyed the originals.





In the video above check out what Oppenheimer has to say.



Sudarshan is a Christian from Kerala. He re-converted back to Hinduism. 

He is now 81.

Every white Quantum Physicist pioneer was a Hindu, as what they research is already mentioned in the Vedas and Upanishads.  

They all preferred to be cremated and their ashes scattered in the water.  It gives you a jolt when you realize that what you are researching on was already done thousands of years ago.


Punch into Google search-

SCIENCE MEETS VEDANTA , THE LAST FRONTIER VADAKAYIL

Sudarshan began working on quantum optics at the University of Rochester in 1960.  Two years later, Glauber criticized the use of classical electromagnetic theory in explaining optical fields, which surprised Sudarshan because he believed theory provided accurate explanations.  Sudarshan subsequently wrote a paper expressing his ideas and sent a preprint to Glauber.

Glauber informed Sudarshan of similar results and asked to be acknowledged in the latter’s paper, while criticizing Sudarshan in his own paper.

“Glauber criticized Sudarshan’s representation, but his own was unable to generate any of the typical quantum optics phenomena, hence he introduces what he calls a P-representation, which was Sudarshan’s representation by another name,” wrote a physicist . “This representation, which had at first been scorned by Glauber, later becomes known as the Glauber-Sudarshan representation.”


After Sudarshan was denied a Nobel Prize for Physics in 2005, a group of scientists submitted a petition to the Swedish Nobel Academy, as follows  “It is difficult to understand how the work for which Glauber is cited could be honoured in isolation from Sudarshan’s published discoveries and formulations, which were initially criticized and subsequently adopted by Glauber.”


Everybody knows that the 2005 Nobel prize for Physics was awarded for Sudarshan’s work, but he was not the one to get it.  Each one of the discoveries that the Nobel was given for were based on Sudarshan’s research alone.

Sudarshan currently holds the record of the most nominated Nobel Prize candidate alive for Science,  who never received it.  If we was a Jew would this happen? 


Our stupid media cried hoarse to give Bharat Ratna to Sachin Tendulkar.

SQUEAK SQUEAK  AAILA  AAIGA.   

Nine and a half countries play cricket on this planet.

Hey how about this man Sudarshan ?



Roy J. Glauber, a Jewish physics professor at Harvard University ( above ) was honored for his theory that describes the behavior of light with quantum mechanics, laying the foundation for quantum optics. 


Prof. Sudarshan then wrote a paper expressing his ideas and sent a pre-print to Glauber. Then, guess what?   The quintessential Jew Glauber asks  Sudarshan to acknowledge him in the paper saying he also got the same results!

Glauber’s "work" , according to the Nobel citation, “served to bring out the distinction between the behavior of thermal light sources,” like light bulbs, and “sources such as lasers.”

Sudarshan was denied the Nobel in 1979 as well.  Sudarshan himself said, “Steven Weinberg, Sheldon Glashow and  Abdus Salam ( Pakistani )  built on work I had done as a 26-year-old student.  If you give a prize for a building, shouldn’t the fellow who built the first floor be given the prize before those who built the second floor?”

Probably this is what happens if a Christian re-converts back to Hinduism?

The Nobel Peace Prize has become the Nobel Dirty Joke Prize.  And not a very funny joke either.  Not funny at all when in 1973 they gave it to WORLD’S BIGGEST WAR CRIMINAL the Jew Henry Kissinger. In 1978 it was given to a terrorist Jew , the Israeli PM Menachem Begin.

It is pathetic that a man nominated for Nobel Prize 6 times has has not even been elected to the Jewish controlled U.S. Academy of Science, considering the pioneering contributions that he made in several fields of physics, quantum optics being important among them.

If Glauber's work on quantum optics deserves the Nobel Prize, the work of Sudarshan is even more significant. The Jewish monopolized peer reviewed media  referred to `Glauber's P representation' rather than as Sudarshan's diagonal coherent state representation.  

Physicists called it `Glauber-Sudarshan representation'.  

However, it was Sudarshan who pointed out the general validity of the representation as against Glauber's suggestion of its applicability in special cases.

Any quantum state of light can be expressed as a mixture or an ensemble of coherent states expressed in a particular (mathematical) expression called the `diagonal representation'.
Individual coherent states in the representation had appropriate weight functions that could take both positive and negative values. 

This `diagonal state representation',  Sudarshan wrote, established a formal equivalence between classical and quantum descriptions of the all states of the light field, with the weight functions taking the form of (positive valued) classical probability distributions for most optical processes.

But the representation had general validity in that it also correctly reproduced purely quantum effects.

The theory referred to as `Glauber's theory' in the report or as `Glauber - Sudarshan' representation in scientific papers is really the Sudarshan `diagonal representation', which was, subsequently, adopted by Glauber and renamed as P-Representation

The correct formulation of the quantum mechanical treatment of optics was carried out by Sudarshan in his paper in 1963 in which he showed that every state can be represented in the diagonal form. This diagonal representation is valid for all fields. This basic theory underlies all optical fields.  All the quantum features are brought out in his diagonal representation.





Recently two other Nobel laureates in physics—John L. Hall and Theodor W. Hänsch—used the work of  Sudarshan to employ lasers in measuring the speed of light and determining the quantum structure of matter.

Sudarshan was also the first to propose the existence of tachyons, particles that travel faster than light. His areas of interest include elementary particle physics, quantum optics, quantum information, quantum field theory, gauge field theories, classical mechanics and foundations of physics.

In the Physics Symposium held in Austin in November 2006, Sudarshan’s seven science quests were identified as: 1. V-A: Universal Theory of Weak Interaction. 2. Symmetry 3. Spin Statistics 4. Quantum Optical Coherence: Light on Light 5. Quantum Zeno Effect Instability and Decay 6. Theory of Tachyons Faster than Light Propagation 7. Quantum Mechanics of Open Systems.

The Sudarshan P representation is a suggested way of writing down the phase space distribution of a quantum system in the phase space formulation of quantum mechanics.  The P representation is the quasiprobability distribution in which observables are expressed in normal order. 

In quantum optics, this representation, formally equivalent to several other representations, is sometimes championed over alternative representations to describe light in optical phase space, because typical optical observables, such as the particle number operator, are naturally expressed in normal order.

He was denied the Nobel Prize in 1979 which was won by Steven Weinberg, Sheldon Glashow and Abdus Salam.

Sudarshan applied quantum theory to the electromagnetic field in the 1950s and 1960s to gain a more detailed understanding of photodetection and the statistics of light.

This led to the introduction of the coherent state as a concept which addressed variations between laser light, thermal light, exotic squeezed states, etc. as it became understood that light can not be fully described just referring to the electromagnetic fields describing the waves in the classical picture

Although the weak interaction used to be described by Fermi's theory, the discovery of parity violation and renormalization theory suggested a new approach was needed.  In 1957, Robert Marshak and  Sudarshan  proposed a V−A (vector minus axial vector or left-handed) Lagrangian for weak interactions.

In this theory, the weak interaction acts only on left-handed particles (and right-handed antiparticles). Since the mirror reflection of a left-handed particle is right-handed, this explains the maximal violation of parity. Interestingly, the V−A theory was developed before the discovery of the Z boson, so it did not include the right-handed fields that enter in the neutral current interaction.

The quantum Zeno effect is a name coined by George Sudarshan  of the University of Texas in 1977 in their analysis of the situation in which an unstable particle, if observed continuously, will never decay. One can "freeze" the evolution of the system by measuring it frequently enough in its (known) initial state.

The meaning of the term has since expanded, leading to a more technical definition in which time evolution can be suppressed not only by measurement: the quantum Zeno effect is the suppression of unitary time evolution caused by quantum decoherence in quantum systems provided by a variety of sources: measurement, interactions with the environment, stochastic fields, and so on.

The mid 1950s were a time of ferment and confusion in particle physics.  Marshak and Sudarshan,  were able to complete and submit their ground-breaking paper, “The Naure of The Four-Fermion Interaction,” of which Sudarshan (then a mere graduate student) was the first-named author.

Their daring hypothesis was accompanied by a list of four experimental results that, they wrote, “cannot be reconciled with this hypothesis… All of these experiments should be redone… If any of the four experiments stand, it will be necessary to abandon the hypothesis.” 

This is theoretical physics at its zenith! . The experiments were redone with results that now confirmed their hypothesis.

It was a stunning accomplishment, yet one which has never been recognized with a prize.

Sheldon Glashow, further adds, “In my view, Sudarshan’s seminal contribution to weak-interaction theory, representing only a small portion of his total contribution, would itself justify the award of a major prize in Physics.”

As Rodger M Walser says, “ Sudarshan’s and Bob Marshak’s formulation of the V-A theory for the weak nuclear interactions was erroneously assigned to Richard Feynman and Murray Gell-Mann”, even though the entire scientific community knew that ECG was the first contributor! 

It really did not matter what Feynman felt, and always stated, that Sudarshan should have also shared the Nobel prize.

 Marshak acknowledged the originality of Sudarshan’s  contribution during the 60th birthday celebrations of ECG at Univeristy of Texas at Austin:

 “ . . Sudarshan’s thesis problem turned out to be so exciting that his professor entered as part-time participant.  This was easy to do because Sudarshan  was brought up in the Indian tradition which instils great respect on the part of the student towards his teacher as a revered GURU . . . .”


With regard to the V - A Theory, Sudarshan has not got the due credit as it is generally referred to as the Feynman-Gell-Mann V-A Theory in physics literature. 

This, as is generally acknowledged, is mainly because of the bizzare sequence of events.  

Feynman and Gell-Mann published their work in January 1958, which actually took the idea from a presentation at a conference in Padua by Sudarshan and Marshak in July 1957, as a paper in a prominent journal.  

A short paper by Sudarshan and Marshak appeared only March 1958 and the conference proceedings itself appeared only in May 1958. Of course, Feynman has graciously acknowledged this in his famous remark in 1974: "We have a conventional theory of weak interactions invented by Marshak and Sudarshan, published by Feynman and Gell-Mann and completed by Cabibbo. I call it the conventional theory of weak interaction, the one that is described by the V - A Theory."

The 1979 prize was awarded to Jew Sheldon Glashow, Abdus Salam ( Ahmeddiya sect hence hated by Muslims ) and Jew Steven Weinberg for the electroweak interaction unification theory.  

However, E. C. George Sudarshan and Robert Marshak were the first proponents of the successful V-A (vector minus axial vector, or left-handed) theory for weak interactions in 1957. 

It was essentially the same theory as that proposed by Richard Feynman and Murray Gell-Mann in their "mathematical physics" paper on lthe structure of the weak interaction.  Actually, Gell-Mann had been let in on the Sudarshan/Marshak work on Sudarshan's initiative, but no acknowledgment appeared in the later paper—except for an informal allusion.

The reason given was that the originators' work had not been published in a formal or 'reputable enough' science journal at the time.

OH YEAH? THE JOURNAL MUST BE JEW CONTROLLED , RIGHT?

The theory is popularly known in the west as the Feynman-Gell-Mann theory. 

The V-A theory for weak interactions was, in effect, a new Law of Nature. It was conceived in the face of a series of apparently contradictory experimental results.

The V-A theory would later form the foundation for the electroweak interaction theory.

Sudarshan regarded the V-A theory as his finest work.

The Sudarshan-Marshak (or V-A theory) was assessed, preferably and favorably, as "beautiful" by J. Robert Oppenheimer, only to be disparaged later on as "less complete" and "inelegant" by John Gribbin a below average British science writer.

After a thorough study of the experimental evidence, Sudarshan boldly proclaimed that four of the key experiments, all performed by well-established experimental groups, were wrong and had to be redone.

His courageous stance was vindicated by the results of repeat experiments which showed that he was right. Unfortunately, for bizarre reasons of protocol, he was denied the opportunity to present his result at the 1957 Rochester conference on weak interactions.

Sudarshan outlined his results to Murray Gell-Mann who teamed up with Richard Feynman to write a paper in the Physical Review the following year which assumed that V-A theory was right, immorally leaving out Sudarshan’s name.

A paper under the authorship of Sudarshan and Marshak appeared in a later issue of the journal the same year.

Both Marshak and Sudarshan were guilty of complacency, the former for presuming that the report he presented at the Padua-Venice conference in 1957 and the Rochester preprint ensured priority, 

--  while Sudarshan naively assumed that if one made a discovery and shared it with peers, recognition was guaranteed.

-- well NOT when you are in the midst of poisonous vipers.

The V-A theory was a landmark in the programme of unifying the four fundamental forces of physics, gravitation, electromagnetism, the weak nuclear force and the strong nuclear force.

It was the first advance since the unification of the phenomena of electricity, magnetism and light, as manifestations of the electromagnetic field by James Clerk Maxwell in the 19th century.

A whole decade after the V-A theory, followed the Salam-Weinberg unified theory of the weak and electromagnetic interactions, which earned its authors the Nobel prize in 1979.

Like other social groups, the community of scientists has its share of vulgar one-upmanship and cut-throat competition. 

In business or politics dog eat dog may be accepted practice, but science's self-definition as the disinterested pursuit of truth entails a moral obligation to rise above the mundane..

About having been denied the Nobel twice Sudarshan tersely noted “Steven Weinberg, Sheldon Glashow and Abdus Salam built on work I had done as a young 26-year-old student” 


After all, the electroweak interaction unification theory  was based on Sudarshan’s V-A (vector minus axial vector, or left-handed) theory.

Sudarshan and Robert Marshak were the first proponents of the successful V-A theory for weak interactions in 1957 and Sudarshan regards this as his finest work to date.


In 1957, Robert Marshak and George Sudarshan and  proposed a V−A (vector minus axial vector or left-handed) Lagrangian for weak interactions. In this theory, the weak interaction acts only on left-handed particles (and right-handed antiparticles).  


Since the mirror reflection of a left-handed particle is right-handed, this explains the maximal violation of parity.




An unsolicited  series, entitled Revelations on the Jews' superior intelligence, was launched by the Jews in 1995.  To this Capt Vadakayil says NONSENSE – this is fuc#in’ bullsh#t.

It is the Jew’s immoral shrewdness and inherent cunningness which took him places.  

Rothschild monopolized all “peer reviewed magazines” , scientific journals and “patent granting houses”.   

They would reject valuable works and then wait for the author or inventor to die ( or be killed ), and then this valuable work would crop up as Jewish original invention or discovery, later.  

To cock a snook at Serbian Nikola Tesla,  JP Morgan the agent of Rothschild gave free patents to Thomas Alva Edison.

Sudarshan was given the Dirac medal which is awarded to overlooked scientists who have not  won a Nobel prize.


In awarding the Dirac medal to Sudarshan, ICTP director Fernando Quevedo called it "recognition that is long overdue," and praised him for his  strong links to science in the developing world.



IN INDIA WE MUST NOW KNOW THAT THE DIRAC MEDAL IS WORTH MORE THAN THE NOBEL FU#KIN'  PRIZE.

DIP IN KOSHER VINEGAR , AND FOLLOW ZE CAT'S ADVISE !!




Sometimes Indians wonder how SIR Ashutosh Mukherjee the Vice-Chancellor from 1906 to 1914 and again from 1921 to 1923 got knighted.  

SIR title does NOT come free.  

The seminal work of several unknown brilliant Indian scientists went secretly to the west and they took the credit and the patents .
Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WHEN LOVERS SEPARATE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



MAKING THE CHORD OF THE HEART GO TWANG -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The video below is from the Bollywood movie HERO. 

This song is sort of sunk in Hindi archives.

Let me exhume it.

The soulful song is sung by a Pakistani singer Reshma.  Not every voice can touch hearts.

(The song was re sung by Jaspinder Narula-even better than the original, with greater emotion). 

Reshma was born in Rajasthan but migrated in 1947, after Indian independence.



bichhde abhi to ham bas kal parson
jioongi main kaise, is haal mein barson
maut na aayi teri yaad kyon aayi
hay lambi judaioh
chaar dinon ka pyaar ho raba
badi lambi judai, lambi judai
honthon pe aaye meri jaan duhai
hay lambi judaioh
chaar dinon ka pyaar ho raba
badi lambi judai, lambi judai
ek to sajan mere paas nahin re
duje milan di koi aas nahin re
uspe yeh sawan aaya
uspe yeh sawan aaya
aag lagaayi, hay lambi judai
chaar dinon ka pyaar ho raba
badi lambi judai, lambi judaibut
baag ujad gaye, baag ujad gaye khilne se pehle
panchi bichad gaye milne se pehle
panchi bichad gaye milne se pehle
koyal ki kook, koyal ki kook ne hook uthaayi
hay lambi judaioh chaar dinon ka pyaar ho raba
badi lambi judai, lambi judai




we parted just today or yesterday
how can I live this way this for long
death didn't come , only your memories came
oh this long separation
loved for four days, my god
oh such  long separation
prayer for my life escaped my lips
such long separation
loved for four days, my god
such long separation
for one, my beloved  is not near me
there is no chance of meeting either
on top of that, these rains
to add to my misery  these rains
it burns me up
we made love for four days, my god
endless separation
the buds  were devastated even before blossoming
lovers were separated even before meeting
the wail  of the nightingale fuels my despondency
we loved for four days, oh my god
now this long separation –




Music was composed by Laxmikant Pyarelal.



Reshma said once in an interview, "I was born in a family of saudagars in Rajasthan in a small settlement called Bikaner. I don't know the year I was born but I was told that I was brought to Pakistan when I was a few months old in 1947. My family would take camels from Bikaner and sell them in other areas, and bring back goats and cows from elsewhere to sell at home. I belong to a huge clan of gypsies. We were forever travelling around. Though a lot of us have now settled and taken up permanent residences in Lahore and Karachi, whenever we feel restless we pack our bags and move on."

In January 2006 she was one of the passengers on the inaugural Lahore-Amritsar bus, the first such service linking both parts of the Punjab since 1947. The bus had 26 passengers in total of whom 15 were Pakistani officials, and Reshma had booked seven seats for herself and her family.





When Lord Krishna played the flute 6000 year ago, , animals, birds, insects and unmarried girls --of course-- would be mesmerized.






Video below : In the olden days Bollywood actresses knew how to dance, the modern dances are about shaking their a$ses and doing gymnastics and acrobatics.  If we wanted to see acrobatics we could go to a circus, right.






Below video -Toshi singing Main jahan Rahoon -- an arrow deep into the heart-- ENJOY !!



Muhammad Ovez Sabri, popularly known as Toshi Sabri, is a singer from Rajasthan's Sabri family

Main jahaan rahoon main kahin bhi hoon
teri yaad saaath hai
main jahaan rahoon main kahin bhi hoon
teri yaad saaath hai
kisi se kahoon ke nahi kahoon
ye jo dil ki baat hai

Kehne ko saath apne ek duniya chalti hai
per chhup ke is dil mein tanhaai palti hai
bas yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai
main jahaan rahoon main kahin bhi hoon
teri yaad saaath hai

Kahin to dil mein yaadon ki ek sooli gad jaati hai
kahin har ek tasveer bahut hi dhundhli pad jaati hai
koi nai duniya ke naye rangon mein khush rehta hai
koi sab kuchh paa ke bhi ye man hi man kehta hai
kehne ko saath apne ek duniya chalti hai
per chhup ke is dil mein tanhaai palti hai
Bas yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai
teri yaad saath hai

Kahin to beete kal ki jade dil mein hi utar jaati hain
kahin jo dhaage toote to malaayein bhikar jaati hain
koi dil mein jagah nayi baaton ke liye rakhta hai
koi apni palkon par yaadon ke diye rakhta hai
kehne ko saath apne ek duniya chalti hai
per chhup ke is dil mein tanhaai palti hai

Bas yaad saath hai
teri yaad saaath hai
teri yaad saaath hai
teri yaad saaath hai


Wherever I live, Wherever I am
Your memory is with me
Should I tell it to someone or not?
What is in my heart

Though it seems that this world moves with me
Hidden deep in this heart lies loneliness
Only the memory is with me
Your memory is with me
Wherever I live, Wherever I am
Your memory is with me

Somewhere a stake of memories penetrates the heart
Somewhere every picture gets blurred
Someone lives happily in the new colors of her new world
Someone keeps saying "Me, Mine" even after getting everything
Though it looks like the whole world moves with me
But hidden in this heart grows loneliness
Only the memory is with me
Your memory is with me

Somewhere the roots of yesterday penetrate the heart
Somewhere garlands get disarrayed when the thread breaks
Someone keeps a place in his heart for new things
Someone places flames  of memories on his eyelashes
Though it looks like the whole world moves with me
But hidden in this heart grows loneliness

Only the memory is with me

Below videos: are lyrics and translations necessary?
********************************************************************
CIRCUMCISION, TANTRA SEX FOR RAISING KUNDALINI - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IMMORAL METZITZAH B PEH,  PHIMOSIS,  FRENULUM, VATSYAYANA AND KAMA SUTRA,  G SPOT ,  PORN INDUSTY PREFERENCE,  LYMPH FLOW , DR SPOCK AND MASTERS & JOHNSON –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 




First see the video below.
Girls less than 15 years old are NOT permitted to see it.



I am uncircumcised and so are my two sons.  So I know what I am talking about. 

--unlike the Catholic priests who give marriage counseling in India.  Some of them are gay and has never touched a woman—yet he is authorized to give sermons on happy married life.

Jews and Muslims circumcise their male children.

Circumcision is NOT required as per the holy book of Koran.

In the Victorian age doctors recommended that boys should be circumcised as this would make it more difficult to masturbate.

To prevent the girl from masturbating they slice off the clitoris in Muslim countries.  So the poor girl has a nursery – never a play pen.  Such a mutilated girl will NOT even lubricate during intercourse.  

This when coupled with a circumsized penis ,without a naturally moist and lubricated glans , will cause extremely painful intercourse.

The Jews were persecuted all over the world except in India.  70 countries kicked them out over time, due to their inherent greed to make easy money and due to extreme clannishness , propelled by the hardcore Talmud.

Yet in India , Kerala , more precise the King of Calicut my hometown , gave them  refuge. They left after Israel was formed . There are still a dozen of them taking care of the Jewish Synagogue at Kochi.

Why did they come rushing to Calicut which is far away from Jerusalem? 

Pray?

All because of a effin' foreskin.

Roman Emperor Hadrian did NOT like Rabbis sucking on bleeding penises –and he banned this immoral practice.



Bar Kohkba , a Jewish leader made it an ego issue.  And his clan paid the price.

Punch into Google search-

BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN  VADAKAYIL

 

To be frank, I did NOT know too much on this subject as I never played “doctor doctor”  with boys.  When I was in UKG,  I had two small angelic girls aged 6 sitting on either side of me in class competing with each other to fondle my willy through my uniform shorts . 
  
And I was a confused good looking 5 year old.   So one day I peed involuntarily on one of them (her name was Meenakshi ) and that gave me some relief --  insurance policy .  

TIME OUT !

TEE HEEEEE !!

It was much later on when I went to Mumbai to join a Merchant Marine Officer Cadet training ship that I really saw what a circumcised willy would look like.

Twice a day I took a shower totally nude, with 250 fellow Officer Cadets . 

And some of them were circumcised.  There were NO door or shower curtains at the heads ( wash room hall).

TS Dufferin ( a first world war British troop carrier ) did NOT even have doors or curtains for the shit pots.   There would be a queue keeping a beady eye on every inch of your progress. 

Video below: Cadets never wore underwear while taking bath --  that is just being decent for the camera -- as there would be female public viewers on TV.  We dont want the genteel ladies to cream , right?



If the turd did NOT fall for more than a minute , the ones holding their crap would holler at you to get the hell out,  so that someone else can squat.

You see, Atlas was so strong that he could hold the whole planet on his shoulders.  But he could never hold his own crap.  



So what is the heaviest thing around?  TEE HEEEEE !

Digression:
R.I.M.S  Dufferin was taken over in Bombay by the British Government of India on 2lst February 1905.  On 5th December 1927 it took in the first batch of Cadets.  Those days passed out cadets were inducted into the fighting Navy too.  



Above:  Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru inspecting the ship.

The first Indian Chief of Naval Staff Admiral Ramdas Katari  appointed in 1958 was an ex-cadet of the 1927 batch of Training Ship Dufferin.

We used to do boat rowing so frequently that my palm skin was like leather.   Holy stoning, or rubbing decks with a stone infused with  sea water and sand made it even tougher.


In days of yore when  a band of drunken soldiers met a band of drunken sailors in a dark narrow alley, there was never a  doubt, who would scoot,  with their tails between their legs.

I have put a post on this subject, which will be very interesting.

A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS  VADAKAYIL

God has NOT given us any unwanted parts.   This includes the foreskin.

Medical scientists believe that the human appendix is unnecessary .   This just shows how perceptive these morons are.

Punch into Google search-
THE HUMAN APPENDIX, THE MISUNDERSTOOD ORGAN  VADAKAYIL


Same way the medical community under siege from Jewish monopolized awards houses and media have for long said that the penis foreskin is unnecessary.   Show how little these imbeciles , with zilch perception,  know.

They cry from rooftops that circumcision is desirable because it promotes cleanliness and prevents disease.  As a proud  owner of an intact penis, I can confidently say that my cleaning habits  are more than sufficient to get the apparatus clean as a whistle.

I will NOT advise any parents to chop off the arms of their babies so that they can clean the armpits better.

We do NOT live in the desert.  We shower daily.   It is so easy to clean the glans pocket while taking a shower—or even after a pee using the faucet pipe..

The women also have a pocket down below , right?  Does it justify that they remove the outer vulva ?

The loudest proponents of this "circumcision is good" argument are circumcised men themselves, who had zilch say when their parents chopped off their foreskins when they did NOT know how to protest.  

It is extremely painful, as anesthesia cannot be used on new born babies.  Circumcision is undoubtedly no picnic in the sunny park for the poor baby.  If the penis gets infected the baby is traumatized for life. 



One Jewish woman even moaned that having sex with a uncircumcised man feels as though he is having sex inside his own foreskin instead of inside of her — and love was missing.  

SNIFF !   BOO HOOOOO  !!!.


Never marry warped females like this. One day she will run away with all your money.

The foreskin’s anatomical function is myriad.  One important function is protecting the glans the way the eyelid protects the eye.

In the absence of a foreskin, the glans becomes keratinized from rubbing against clothing and is much less sensitive.   The foreskin protects the penis head from drying out and from the abrasive effects of clothing, in much the same way that a woman’s vulval lips protect the female’s sexual parts.

Another important function that the foreskin provides a pleasurable feeling while  gliding sheath over the shaft, reducing loss of lubrication and decreasing the friction that can decrease pleasure for both partners . 

When the penis enters the vagina, the foreskin is pulled back. And on its way out again, the foreskin goes back to cover the penis head. This way the foreskin stimulates both the man and the woman.

In infants the foreskin is adhered to the glans, like a fingernail, and so before it is cut off, it must be separated. One can imagine this is extremely painful and leaves the glans exposed before it is mature enough for the foreskin to separate on its own, usually during early childhood.  


Childless barren couples are the first to cry from the roof tops that they are DINKS and so lucky and proud about it.

By the way DINK means – double income no kids.

They will never acknowledge that since man came on this planet, there has been an unbroken line, the reason why they exist . And when they die their blood lineage is broken for ever.

Oh yeah — a tattu guy shooting blanks into a barren woman-- we believe you are proud of yourself..

At the end of the day, if you decline to circumcise your son, he always has the option to do so himself later in life.  But if you consent to the procedure, everyone’s hands are tied. There is no way to fully restore the valuable thing that has been lost.

The inner layer of the foreskin has glands that create a substance called smegma,  Uncircumcised men must regularly clean the pouch under their foreskin to prevent this build-up. Otherwise they may get “balanoposthitis (inflammation of the foreskin ). Balanoposthitis should not be allowed to become chronic as then it will leave non-elastic scar tissue.. 

Potential complications of the disease are the development of phimosis (inability to coat the drag over the skin) and paraphimosis (brim of the skin tightened behind the glans, followed by swelling). Topical antibiotics like metronidazole cream and antifungals clotrimazole cream or low-potency steroid creams are suggested beneficial for this disease. Since anaerobic conditions are necessary for growth of the offending organisms, simple exposure to air and local cleansing is most often effective. 

Same way if you do NOT brush your teeth, you teeth will get spoilt. That does NOT mean you must cut off your lips at birth.

The porno industry like Hollywood is controlled by Jews.  



If you want to be a male stud  to service a vulgar woman like Sunny Leone who has a Jewish husband ) you must be circumcised-- for oral sex is part of this . 



Now all the Brits are wondering if the new born prince will be circumcised. Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Ireland, France , Germany, Italy and Britain once circumcised their boys, but have ceased the practice.

In USA circumcision ( leave out the Jews ) has become half over the past 3 years.  The reason is in USA every year on an average 113 babies die  from circumcision-related infection. 

If 20 or 30 babies died because of a product, that product would be recalled. 

Why do we recall things that cause lower numbers of death but keep a surgery that causes deaths annually? Deaths that could have easily of been avoided if not for the surgery?

What a great fall from the seventies when more than 90% of American-born males were circumcised.  Routine infant circumcision for nonreligious reasons is not practiced in first-world countries except the United States. 

It is done in USA because the Jews control the media and peer reviewed books and magazines.  Circumcision features prominently in the Hebrew Bible. 

The narrative in Genesis chapter 17 describes the circumcision of Abraham and his relatives and slaves, making him the first named individual to undergo the procedure. In the same chapter, Abraham's descendants are commanded to circumcise their sons on the eighth day of life.  

Jewish view of circumcision as intended to be not just the fulfillment of a Biblical commandment but also an essential and permanent mark of membership in a people. Jewish circumcision is part of the brit milah ritual, to be performed by a specialist ritual circumciser (a mohel) on the eighth day of a newborn son's life (with certain exceptions for poor health). 

Jewish law requires that the circumcision leave the glans bare when the penis is flaccid. Circumcision is not required by Judaism for one to be considered Jewish, but adherents foresee serious negative spiritual consequences if it is neglected.

Most doctors in USA do NOT circumcise their own sons.

Dr. Spock, in his most recent book, stated, “I feel that there’s no solid medical evidence at this time to support routine circumcision,” and recommends “leaving the foreskin the way Nature meant it to be.”

Not a single medical organization recommends infant circumcision in the world.  In some First world countries, it is even illegal to do male circumcision on an infant unless it is medically necessary.  

Very few males choose circumcision. Almost all  have it inflicted on them at  birth. 

The Royal Dutch Medical Association, which expresses the strongest opposition to routine neonatal circumcision, does not call for the practice to be made illegal out of their concern that parents who insist on the procedure would turn to poorly trained quack practitioners instead of medical professionals.

OUR ANCIENT VEDIC SEERS AND MAHARISHIS DID NOT ADVOCATE CIRCUMCISION --  AND FOR HINDUS LIKE ME , THIS IS GOOD ENOUGH.


The human arteries are like a two-lane highway bringing nutrients, oxygen and fluid to the body part. The vein is a one-lane highway taking away the used blood, and the lymphatic channels are the other one-lane highway draining away the lymph fluid. 

Two lanes in together, but two out lanes separate out. Blood is responsible for collecting and distributing oxygen, nutrients and hormones to the entire body where lymph is responsible for collecting and removing waste products left behind in the tissues. Plasma leaks out of the capillaries to surround and bathe the body tissues. This then drains into the lymph vessels. 

So colourless lymph is essentially recycled blood plasma.  The foreskin of the penis contains lymphatic vessels, which are necessary for proper lymph flow and immunological functioning



All right, let me jump to sex, to make this YUCK subject a little more interesting.
A yank once told me that he want to come to India to learn Tantra sex to raise his Kundalini.
So I asked him. “Are you circumcised?”
He replied “ What has circumcision got to do with it?”
Says I “ Everything!!”




So he tried to show me his terrific knowledge about sex. He started talking about G spot.
So I asked him “ Do you know what is the full form of G ?”
He was stumped.
So here we are.

G spot was stolen from Indian Tantra texts by a German Jew by the name of Ernst Gräfenberg. The texts were provided to him by Rothschild , the German Jew owner of British East india company who ruled India.





The G spot is a rippled tissue located just behind the front wall of the vagina (towards the belly), about two inches inside.  The G spot is short for Grafenberg or, in Tantric circles, for Goddess. 

Stroking this area can greatly deepen a woman’s sexual response. The foreskin tip gives a static electric charge to the G spot. 

No one who has not seen the light can guide you to it. 

The tantric master helps his students to attain complete independence. Once this is achieved, the contract between the two is essentially over. 



A tantra orgasm can go on for a long, long time. Throughout this period, the mind stays completely in the moment, and so the moment literally seems endless.




Both women and men have Pubococcygeus (PC) muscles  which run from the pubic bone to the tailbone in a figure eight around the genitals. They play a vital role in both male and female sexual response. 


The tantra teacher acts as a mediator between the earthly existence of his students and the celestial divinity that they wish to tap into.

Men who do Tantra sex will never have prostrate gland problems. All real tantrics know how to raise the Kundalini just by an act of controlled sex .



The foreskin works to retain lubrication during intercourse by bunching up at the vagina’s entrance. It acts as a dam to block lubrication from escaping. This bunching-up action of the foreskin also provides a delicate pressuring that excites the woman’s G spot, helping her to achieve vaginal orgasm.

A Tantric orgasm is a full body energy experience. G-spot stimulation is one way to access Tantric orgasms. The G-spot (Grafenberg spot) is a small, lima bean-shaped area on the upper side of the vaginal wall (tummy side), approximately 2.5 inches. This spot feels different in texture than the rest of the vagina. It is spongy and coarser in texture than the rest of the vagina, which is normally how it is found. 

When the G-spot is manually stimulated, usually through hard pushing or constant rubbing, it causes intense orgasmic feelings that most women say exceeds a normal orgasmic response. I am talking about an electric charge here -- if you know what I mean.



Blood rushes to the G-spot just as it does to the clitoris during sexual excitement. Therefore, any sexual position which maximizes pressure to this area increases the chance for a G-spot orgasm. Tantric sex is meant both to enhance the physical sensations and to transform them into a vehicle for blissful insight. 



Women feel the orgasm from the G-spot or vaginal stimulation deeper inside their body, rather than as the localized feeling they have with clitoral stimulation. The whole-body orgasm is one of the Tantric methods for reaching a state of ecstasy.


The Gräfenberg Spot, is the bean-shaped area of the vagina. This  is an erogenous zone which, when stimulated, can lead to strong sexual arousal, powerful orgasms and female ejaculation. 



Billions of women have died without ever knowing what this is.  

Circumcised men can never give this, as it is NOT about mere humping like a moron or pounding like an idiot , for the matter.

The G-Spot is actually part of the female prostrate. The West has really never understood the Indian Kama Sutra. They did NOT have the perception to know that it is NOT about 120 sexual positions like a pretzel.



The penis foreskin is highly erogenous tissue. It contains 20,000 – 40,000 touch-sensitive nerves that produce exquisite feelings of pleasure. Circumcision removes most, or all, of these highly erogenous touch-sensitive nerves. Cut off. Stripped away. Gone forever  - GONE GONAY GONE -- Circumcised sex is not the sensual experience nature intended.

Vatsyayana based the Kama Sutra off of the Kama Shastras which was written sometime around 2300 BC .  Making love and having sex is considered an art by the creator of the Kama Sutra. 

Kama Sutra is basically a guide on human sexuality and gives you instructions on how to get a wife, how to make love, how to make yourself attractive to the opposite sex, and much more. 

When you are more comfortable with yourself sexually and you actually sought out sexual pleasures then your life will be more well-rounded and balanced.  The Kama Sutra teaches you what the other person’s needs are (physically and mentally) and how to fulfill them! 

Setting the mood for a good evening, ensuring that you are properly prepared (showered, shaved, annointed etc), using sensual touches, and some of the  techniques that the Kama Sutra teaches.




Indians did NOT need oral , anal sex or mechanical toys or vibrators. 

Sorry plastic surgeons, very few Indian women have fried eggs for tits , or razor thin lips (with protruding teeth),  that they has to opt for plastic or silicone.

Vatsyayana's Kama Sutra has 1250 verses, distributed in 36 chapters, which are further organized into seven parts An intended purpose in nature’s design of the foreskin is to make intercourse more comfortable and pleasurable for the woman. 

Anecdotal reports, and preliminary scientific evidence, indicate that women find intercourse with an intact man more satisfying and rewarding due to the extraordinary gentleness, sensuality, and mutuality of the experience

The foreskin contains estrogen receptors . The West has NOT yet understood its use in pleasure and spirituality.

Apocrine glands  produce pheromones, nature’s invisible yet compelling signals to potential sexual partners.  The West has NOT yet understood the use of this in pleasure and spirituality.

There is something called electromagnetic "cross-communication" when the penis is buried into the vagina with the foresking arcing on the G spot.

Without the mucosa of its foreskin, the penis lacks the capacity for the subtle electromagentic energy transfer that occurs during contact between two mucous membranes (the vaginal walls and the exposed inner lining of the foreskin). Such contact contributes to the full experience of sexual pleasure. The West has NOT yet understood this.

Masters and Johnson, the pathetic sex experts-- right?



Tantrics hold the human body as the pinnacle of creation, and they spent their energies in unlocking these amazing secrets by hit and trial or by following a Guru who had already experienced everything. 

Kundalini awakened humans are provided with a life force beyond everyday understanding.  It allows them to fully experience their spiritual as well as worldly lives, as the line separating the two becomes almost nonexistent. And Vamachara Tantra uses sex to do this all the while enjoying yourself..  

A Vamachara tantra master trains his disciples in overcoming of sexual inhibitions, guilt and fear.  He takes his student to unimagined heights of ecstasy. When about to explode into an orgasm you decelerate until time stands still. The spiritual awakening of a sadhak is described in Tantra by means of the symbol of the awakening and rising of the Kundalini power . 

Sex is human electromagnetism and scalar fields.  We are NOT animals.

In Vamachara Tantra there is NIL roughness-- it is poetry in sex-- gentle, intimate, loving, prolonged , timeless--

Tantra sex goes on for hours without ejaculation—it is divine and revitalizing.. 

All around you see couples getting divorced.  One of the main reasons is nagging—the drip drip, constant nag or it can be the hurricane force nagging.  The marriage is now full of negativity, contempt, one-upmanship and resentment.  It is a black hole vortex , and once you cross the event horizon, the net result is a miserable divorce—and the uprooted lives of small happy children.  

To avoid "premature ejaculation" (by Tantric standards), the man  presses his tongue against the roof of his mouth and tickles it , and sucks in his breath. Then he will not ejaculate and the semen will ascend inward on its own account. 

This breed of Vamachara Tantrics is now dead, as Soma ( an organic herb thousand times more potent than LSD ) which is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC, is NOT available any more. This is NOT Western hedonism.

The foreskin acts as a natural gliding mechanism to reduce friction, chafing, and dryness during intercourse. Because of the foreskin’s unique gliding mechanism, sex is less abrasive to the vaginal walls of the female. Many women have commented that sex is much more comfortable when the man has a natural, intact penis.

Because of the gliding mechanism, sex is also more comfortable for the man, resulting in no chafing, soreness, or burning after intercourse or masturbation.

The circumcised man has insensitive glans.  After the first 4 months of marriage he is unable to keep his erection going , and the wife thinks that he has lost interest in her.

You can be married to Miss World,  after one year -- you will find the young 18 year old  kaloo naukarani bai more attractive , as far as a massive engorged penile HOP is concerned.  

Familiarity breeds what? 





The foreskin is the only moving part of the penis.  During any sexual activity, the foreskin and glans work in unison; their mutual interaction creates a complete sexual response.  In  intercourse  the non-abrasive gliding of the penis in and out of itself within the vagina facilitates smooth and pleasurable intercourse for both partners.  

Without this gliding action, the corona of the circumcised penis can function as a one-way valve, dragging vaginal lubricants out into the drying air and making artificial lubricants essential for non-painful intercourse.



Thousands of coiled fine-touch receptors (Meissner’s corpuscles) constitute the most important sensory component of the penis . The foreskin contains branches of the dorsal nerve and between 10,000 and 20,000 specialized erotogenic nerve endings of several types, which are capable of sensing slight motion and stretch, subtle changes in temperature, and fine gradations in texture.  

Meissner's corpuscles  are rapidly adaptive receptors.  Meissner's corpuscles do not detect pain; this is signalled exclusively by free nerve endings.  The glans of the circumcised penis is less sensitive to fine touch than the glans of the uncircumcised penis.  The glans in the circumcised male is less sensitive to fine-touch pressure than the glans of the uncircumcised male. The most sensitive regions in the uncircumcised penis are those parts ablated by circumcision.







The frenulum is a a highly nerve-laden web of tissue that tethers the inner foreskin to the underside of the glans.  It is similar to the frenula found under the tongue, the upper lip and the clitoral hood (female foreskin).  


In men with spinal cord injury preventing sensations from reaching the brain, the frenulum just below the glans can be stimulated to produce orgasm and peri-ejaculatory response.

The frenulum prevents the intact foreskin from retracting and fully exposing the inner foreskin, like it is on a circumcised man. As a tether, the frenulum has a tendency to pull the foreskin toward the glans. The frenulum is highly innervated with Meissner's corpuscles, which are fine-touch nerves. The frenulum is one of the most sensitive areas on the penis.

For many intact men, the penile frenulum is a male "G-spot" that is highly pleasurable when repeatedly stretched and relaxed during sexual activity.  Depending on the surgical method used, the frenulum is partially to completely destroyed by circumcision.


The foreskin contains several feet of blood vessels, including the frenular artery and branches of the dorsal artery. The loss of this rich vascularization interrupts normal blood flow to the shaft and glans of the penis, damaging the natural function of the penis and altering its development.

The soft mucosa of the inner foreskin produces plasma cells, which secrete immunoglobulin antibodies, and antibacterial and antiviral proteins, such as the pathogen-killing enzyme called lysozyme.  

All of the human mucosa (the linings of the mouth, eyelids, vagina, foreskin and anus) are the body's first line of defense against disease.  This benefit of the foreskin could be one possible explanation why intact men are at lower risk of chlamydia and other sexually transmitted diseases



Langerhans cells are  specialized epithelial cells are a component of the immune system and may play a role in protecting the penis from sexually transmitted infections such as HIV (AIDS).





The oils produced by Sebaceous glands  lubricate and moisturize the foreskin and glans, so that the two structures function together smoothly.




Dartos fascia is a smooth muscle sheath that underlies the scrotum, the entire penis and the tip of the foreskin. It is necessary for proper temperature regulation of the genitals (causing these structures to elongate in the heat and shrink in the cold). Approximately half of the Dartos fascia is destroyed by circumcision.



In deep forests unfortunate tribal boys who suffer botched circumcisions lose part or all of their penis from surgical mishap or subsequent infection.  They are often "sexually reassigned" by castration and "transgender surgery" and become Hijras.

Prostate cancer is the most common kind of cancer and the second leading cause of death from cancer for men in the United States.

The circumcised men's prostate cancer rate higher than the intact men's.



For long the vested Jewish doctor lobby has been immorally  advocating circumcision almost like child immunization.  




Of course Jewish porn industry will have only circumcised dongs.

Recent extravagant claims that circumcision is the long-desired "silver bullet" against AIDS are mainly wish fulfillment.  There are no proven cases of an infant, child or adult becoming sick or dying because he had not been circumcised; but here are thousands of recorded cases where infants, children and men have been seriously injured, become sick or have died as a direct result of circumcision.

In any case HIV does NOT cause AIDS.

Punch into Google search-

HIV DOES NOT CAUSE AIDS , MANY AIDS PATIENTS HAVE NIL HIV INSIDE THEM VADAKAYIL

Circumcision may also be considered in some cases for adults with the following health conditions:
severe cases of phimosis – a tight foreskin that can't be retracted.



recurrent balanoposthitis ( below ) – inflammation of the foreskin.


Phimosis is a constriction of the opening of the foreskin so that it cannot be drawn back over the tip of the penis. This condition is a normal occurrence in the newborn boy, but over time, the skin that adheres to the tip of the penis can be retracted as the foreskin loosens.

The foreskin of a newborn boy is always closely contracted around the penis head (glans). Only a small passage allows the urine to pass through. In the first months the foreskin is stuck to the glans and cannot be pulled back and one should not attempt to do so.

 By age 17, 99 percent of males will be able to completely retract their foreskin.  Phimosis can also occur if the foreskin is forced back before it’s ready. This can cause a fibrous scar to form, which may prevent future retraction of the foreskin.

Phimosis may also arise in untreated diabetics due to the presence of glucose in their urine giving rise to infection in the foreskin.  Application of topical steroid cream, weak corticosteroid,  such as betamethasone, for 4–6 weeks to the narrow part of the foreskin is relatively simple, less expensive than surgical treatments.  A trial of treatment with betamethasone dipropionate (0.05%) for 2 weeks is advocated in all children with phimosis before undertaking surgery.

Sometimes splits and tightness are due to a fungal or yeast (thrush) infection. Treatment with an antifungal / anti-yeast cream designed for women’s genitals will usually fix this problem. Or you can use a Hydrocortisone / anti-fungicide mix like “Fungocort”.  Or lots of vitamin E oil and cortisone cream.  Ghee contain vitamin E.

Here is a bonus video ( below ) for reading all serious stuff above-- an uncircumcised elephant..





Disclaimer:  Since I am a ship captain and NOT a qualified prick doctor, I shall NOT be inundated by willy queries. 

PERIOD!!


To know more about beej mantras used to raise the Kundalini-

Punch into Google search-

CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER  VADAKAYIL

Grace and peace!



Kalabhairava is Veerabhadra who cut off the head of Daksha the father of Sathi Devi, when he insulted Lord Shiva. Sathi’s body was cut into pieces and strewn all over India giving rise to Shakthi Peetas. 

Outside every Shakthi Peeta is the temple for Bhairava. Kalabhairava was made as the Kotwal of Benares. Kalabhairava rides on a dog. A pilgrimage to Kasi is not supposed to be complete without visiting the temple of Kalabhairava.


The ashtaka stotra was written by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.

देवराजसेव्यमानपावनांघ्रिपङ्कजं
व्यालयज्ञसूत्रमिन्दुशेखरं कृपाकरम् ।
नारदादियोगिवृन्दवन्दितं दिगंबरं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥१॥

1.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Whose Lotus-Feet is Served by Indra, the King of the Devas.
1.2: Who has a Snake as His Sacrificial Thread, Moon on His Head and Who is Extremely Compassionate.
1.3: Who is Praised by sage Narada and other Yogis, and Who is Digambara (Clothed by Sky, signifying that He is Ever-Free).

1.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

भानुकोटिभास्वरं भवाब्धितारकं परं
नीलकण्ठमीप्सितार्थदायकं त्रिलोचनम् ।
कालकालमंबुजाक्षमक्षशूलमक्षरं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥२॥

2.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Who has the Brilliance of a Million Suns, Who Rescues us from the Ocean of Worldly Existence and Who is Supreme.
2.2: Who has a Blue Throat, Who Bestows us with Worldly Prosperity which we Wish for and Who has Three Eyes.
2.3: Who is the Death of the Death [i.e. beyond death], Who is Lotus-Eyed, Whose Trident Supports the Three Worlds and Who is Imperishable.

2.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

शूलटङ्कपाशदण्डपाणिमादिकारणं
श्यामकायमादिदेवमक्षरं निरामयम् ।
भीमविक्रमं प्रभुं विचित्रताण्डवप्रियं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥३॥

3.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Who has Trident, Hatchet, Noose and Club in His Hands and Who is the Primordial Cause of the Universe.
3.2: Whose Body is Dark, Who is the Primordial Lord, Who is Imperishable and Who is beyond Diseases [of the World],
3.3: Who is the Lord with Terrific Prowess and Who Loves the Strange, Vigorous Tandava Dance.

3.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

भुक्तिमुक्तिदायकं प्रशस्तचारुविग्रहं
भक्तवत्सलं स्थितं समस्तलोकविग्रहम् ।
विनिक्वणन्मनोज्ञहेमकिङ्किणीलसत्कटिं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥४॥

4.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Who is the Giver of Worldly Prosperity and Liberation and Who has an Auspicious Pleasing Form.
4.2: Who is Kind and Loving to His Devotees and Who Stands Firm as the Deity of All the Lokas.
4.3: Who has Shining Golden Bells around His Waist which Jingles Creating a Variety of Pleasing Sounds.

4.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

धर्मसेतुपालकं त्वधर्ममार्गनाशकं
कर्मपाशमोचकं सुशर्मदायकं विभुम् ।
स्वर्णवर्णशेषपाशशोभिताङ्गमण्डलं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥५॥

5.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Who Guards the Established Institution of the Eternal Dharma and Destroy the Paths of Adharma which are averse to the Eternal Dharma (by leading the devotee towards the Eternal Dharma).
5.2: Who is the Lord who Frees us from the Fetters of Karma (binding impressions of work on our minds accumulated during several births) thereby Giving us [by Revealing] the Great Joy [of the Soul].
5.3: Who is Adorned with Golden-Coloured Serpents encircling His Body.

5.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

रत्नपादुकाप्रभाभिरामपादयुग्मकं
नित्यमद्वितीयमिष्टदैवतं निरंजनम् ।
मृत्युदर्पनाशनं करालदंष्ट्रमोक्षणं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥६॥

6.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Whose Charming Beautiful Pair of Feet Shine with Sandals Studded with Gems.
6.2: Who is the Eternal, Non-Dual, Ishtha Devata and Who is Stainless and Pure.
6.3: Who Destroys the Pride of Death (manifested as Fear within us) and Whose Large Terrible Fangs Liberate us (from the Fear of Death).

6.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

अट्टहासभिन्नपद्मजाण्डकोशसंततिं
दृष्टिपातनष्टपापजालमुग्रशासनम् ।
अष्टसिद्धिदायकं कपालमालिकाधरं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥७॥

7.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Whose Loud Terrific Laughter Shatters the Continuity of the Sheath of Creation (delusion of our mind) of the Lotus-Born Brahma from the Primeval Egg.
7.2: Whose Terrific Glance Destroys the Net of the Powerful and Mighty Rule of Sins (in our mind).
7.3: Who Bestows the Eight Siddhis and Who Wear a Garland of Skulls.

7.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

भूतसंघनायकं विशालकीर्तिदायकं
काशिवासलोकपुण्यपापशोधकं विभुम् ।
नीतिमार्गकोविदं पुरातनं जगत्पतिं
काशिकापुराधिनाथकालभैरवं भजे ॥८॥

8.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Who is the Ruler of Ghosts and Goblins and Who Bestows Great Glory to us (by revealing the Glory of the Self).
8.2: Who is the Lord who Purges both the Merits and the Sins of the Persons Dwelling in Kasi (thus revealing the Self in its pristine beauty).
8.3: Who is Skilled in Guiding us in the Path of Righteousness and Who is the most Ancient (i.e. Eternal) Lord of the Universe.

8.4: Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava Who is the Supreme Lord of the City of Kasi.

कालभैरवाष्टकं पठंति ये मनोहरं
ज्ञानमुक्तिसाधनं विचित्रपुण्यवर्धनम् ।
शोकमोहदैन्यलोभकोपतापनाशनं
प्रयान्ति कालभैरवांघ्रिसन्निधिं नरा ध्रुवम् ॥९॥

9.1: (Salutations to Sri Kalabhairava) Those who Read the Eight Verses on Sri Kalabhairava with Devotion which is Heart-Stealing and Charming,
9.2: Will be Lead straight to the Goal of Knowledge and Liberation and Will result in the Rise of Various Auspicious Qualities.
9.3: And Which Destroys (mental) Sorrows and Afflictions, Delusions and Infatuations, Wretchedness and Depressions, Passions and Anger and (mental) Heat and Burns.
9.4: And after Death the Devotee will Surely Attain the Feet of Sri Kalabhairava.

Deva raja sevya mana pavangri pankajam,
Vyala yagna suthra mindu shekaram krupakaram,
Naradadhi yogi vrundha vandhitham digambaram,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 1

Bhanu koti bhaswaram, bhavabdhi tharakam param,
Neelakanda meepsidartha dayakam trilochanam,
Kalakala mambujaksha maksha soola maksharam,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 2

Soola tanga pasa danda pani madhi karanam,
Syama kaya madhi devamaksharam niramayam,
Bheema vikramam prabhum vichithra thandava priyam,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 3

Bhukthi mukthi dayakam prasashtha charu vigraham,
Bhaktha vatsalam shivam* , samastha loka vigraham,
Vinikwanan manogna hema kinkini lasath kateem,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 4

Dharma sethu palakam, thwa dharma marga nasakam,
Karma pasa mochakam , susharma dayakam vibhum,
Swarna varna sesha pasa shobithanga mandalam,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 5

Rathna padukha prabhabhirama padayugmakam,
Nithyamadwidheeyamishta daivatham niranjanam,
Mrutyu darpa nasanam karaladamshtra mokshanam,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 6

Attahasa binna padma janda kosa santhatheem,
Drushti pada nashta papa jala mugra sasanam,
Ashtasidhi dayakam kapala malikadaram,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 7

Bhootha sanga nayakam, vishala keerthi dayakam,
Kasi vasa loka punya papa shodhakam vibum,
Neethi marga kovidham purathanam jagatpathim,
Kasika puradhi nadha Kalabhairavam bhaje. 8

Phalastuti
Kalabhairavashtakam patanthi yea manoharam,
Jnana mukthi sadhanam , vichithra punya vardhanam,
Soka moha dainya lopa kopa thapa nasanam,

Thea prayanthi Kalabhairavangri saniidhim druvam. 9
********************************************************************
PROBIOTICS, PREBIOTICS, FRIENDLY GUT BACTERIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ANTIBIOTICS EFFECT ON GUT FLORA,  VAGUS NERVE AND GUT FEELINGS ,  FEEDING GOOD BACTERIA WITH PREBIOTICS-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

German Jew Rotschild stole ancient 6000 year old Ayurvedic texts from Kerala. 

One of the beneficiaries of this was German Jew Otto Loewi who won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1936.

A true yogi knows how to stimulate the vagus nerve by yoga and breathing methods.  It have been recorded very often by ECG and Korotkoff sounds , that Indian yogis could stop breathing and heart beat at will, since ancient days.  

Stimulating the vagus nerve causes a reduction of blood pressure and heart rate by triggering the release of what "Vagusstoff" (German for: "Vagus Substance").  This was later named as acetylcholine and became the first neurotransmitter identified by scientists.

It was an ancient practice to stimulate the vagus nerve with 108 marma point of Kalarai and Ayurveda too.  Ancient Indians knew the gut brain connection.  

By stimulating the vagus nerve Charaka would stop migraines , fits and depression.



All this was done when the rest of the world were running around naked , clubbing down animals, staying in caves and doing GRUNT GRUNT for language.

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

Almost of the Serotonin is generated in the human gut and NOT in the brain.  Till today whenever I had a headache ( say once in 6 months ) I have always taken a stomach pacifier like Alka Seltzer effervescent tablets.  It worked for me within 180 seconds.

Serotonin is a magical substance that travels from the digestive tract to the pineal gland , which gives you the feel good factor, helps you to learn, fall asleep etc.  Some cells even use serotonin as a growth factor, and it plays a role in wound healing as well.

The Enteric Nervous System is involved predominantly with food digestion, waste elimination and sending full/hungry signals to the brain.  More than 90% of the nerve fibers of the ENS run one way, from the stomach area, through the vagus nerve and up into the brain.

When an athlete is said to be ‘in the zone’ and performing at near perfect levels, it is because they are practically and literally almost unconscious and functioning entirely through their ENS.

Punch into Google search-
GUT FEELING AND INTUITION VADAKAYIL

and

IN THE ZONE VADAKAYIL

The Vagus nerve is the longest cranial nerve in the human body . It is a mixed cranial nerve containing motor and approximately 80% sensory fibers and has the widest distribution in the body.

The Vagus nerve also, is the only nerve in the body that is present through each one of the 7 Chakras- from Crown Chakra through to the Root Chakra.



This nerve is responsible among many things for monitoring and initiating digestive processes, and modulating inflammation.

The Vagus nerve is the main line of communication between the brain and the energy-producing digestive tract.  It also relays information to the brain from what is known as the Enteric Nervous System (ENS).  

The ENS is our "second brain" controlling the digestive process; it is made up of more than 500 million neurons that surround the digestive tract.  It is called a second brain because it can function independently from the brain if the Vagus nerve is severed.



Defects in the normal functioning of Vagus nerve impairs the normal control mechanisms that modulate the gastric acid secretion. Excessive secretion of peptic acid leads to ulceration, dyspepsia and gastro-esophageal reflux disease.

Vagus nerve is responsible for keeping the digestive tract in working order, contracting the muscles of the stomach and intestines to help process food, and sending back information about what is being digested and what the body is getting out of it.  

An underactive vagus nerve can lead to a condition called gasteroparesis. This condition leads to nausea, heartburn, stomach pains, spasms in the stomach and weight loss due to the digestive system having too little of the chemicals it needs to break down food.




Vagus nerve acts as the mind-body connection, and it is the cabling behind your heart’s emotions and gut instincts.

Your gut has both good bacteria and bad bacteria.  The human body carries about 100 trillion microorganisms in its intestines, a number ten times greater than the total number of human cells in the body.

Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and up to 60% of the dry mass of feces.
You can feed the probiotics (good bacteria) in your gut with prebiotic foods. 

Prebiotics are the nutrients that allow the probiotics to thrive inside your intestine.



In Kerala we start our morning with probiotics. We eat fermented foods like Idli, Dosa , curd chutney etc. Having plain yoghurt , or lassi after lunch and dinner is commonplace. 



We have 6000 years old ayurvedic texts telling us the importance of consuming good bacteria .



But hey, we have a German Jew again claiming the credit for this.

Peer reviewed magazines owned by German Jew Rothschild has given this credit of discovering probiotics in 1953 to a crypto Jew food scientist with a Jewish wife - Werner Georg Kollath.

In Ayurveda texts we give enemas ( basti ) to sickly children affected by diarrhea with mother’s feces to reactivate the good bacteria..  




We give it humped cow gomutra via the nose ( nasya shirodhara ) direct to the small intestine bypassing the destructive acid in the stomach.



Now you can see the white man have patented all our ancient knowledge.

Punch into Google search-

EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH  VADAKAYIL

More than 99% of the bacteria in the gut are anaerobes. But in the cecum, aerobic bacteria reach high densities. The appendix is connected to the cecum.



Punch into Google search-

THE HUMAN APPENDIX, THE MISUNDERSTOOD ORGAN  VADAKAYIL

Your gut is quite literally your second brain as well as the home to 80 percent of your immune system.

Prebiotics and probiotics are vital to your health, as they help to keep your intestine working properly. Foods that stimulate the production of the bacteria in the digestive system could help burn off pounds quicker than by eating less or exercising more. Morbidly obese people fed up of fruitless exercising and dieting must understand this. 

The human gut is host to  more than 100 trillion individuals from more than 500 species .. Nine out of every ten cells in our bodies belong to microbial species. Western diets ( processed foods, GM foods, antibiotic injected meats )  ) are unable to  nourish the friendly bacteria.

From the advent of penicillin until the late 1990s, the evil pharma has waged a scorched earth campaign against all microbes, applying antibiotics like napalm to patients' intestinal tracts. They did NOT know that they were destroying friendly bacteria which is so important for human physical and mental health. 

Taken as a whole, the organisms in the gut constitute the largest and one of the human body's most important organs of defence. Gut bacteria manufacture essential vitamins (including vitamin K as well as several B vitamins) and a great many other compounds. Some of these compounds act on the central nervous system, moderating our appetite and the mechanisms that determine how we store fat.

In the decades since Louis Pasteur discovered bacteria, medical research has focused mainly on their role in causing disease, unlike in India where this wisdom carried forward as culture. 

We eat Idli as breakfast with sour curd chutney as a culture. Idli is probiotic, while the chutney with fibre is pre-biotic.

But under the pressures of broad-spectrum antibiotics,  mindless food pasteurisation and a Western import  processed canned food diet loaded with preservatives , the human microbe community has probably changed more in the past 60 years than in the previous 30,000, when the shift to agriculture and cooked food ( in India ) altered our diet and lifestyle.

With mindless pasteurization our children are exposed to fewer bacteria . Their immune system is NOT qualified to accurately distinguish between good and bad microbes, which explains the escalating rates of allergy, asthma and autoimmune disease in the developed world.  

The evil pharma does NOT realize that our gut is our biggest immune organ, so anything that affects the ecology of the gut is likely to have a strong impact on our bodies.  GM food products and processed foods have also contributed to the squeamishness of the immune system—causing a wide range of allergies..  

Today all the foreign FDI in retail stores and milk co-operative societies ( thanks to our Western stooge milkman Verghese Kurian ) in India gives us only toxic A1 humpless cow milk and milk products.

The western diet which Indian ape now feeds only the upper GI [gastrointestinal tract].  All the food has been processed to be readily absorbed, leaving nothing for the lower GI—and this is criminal.  No wonder the West consistently develop high rates of diseases such as heart disease and stroke, obesity, cancer, and type 2 diabetes.

The key to good health and looking young without a line on the face at the age of 57 is is fermentation in the large intestine which hold friendly bacteria.  Fibre in the food is of paramount importance .

Most of these friendly bacteria are INHERITED bacteria which prevents us from getting allergies. Your gastrointestinal (GI) tract is not your own. It contains a menagerie of microorganisms working in conjunction with your body's own cells to process food and assist the immune system. 

We inherit many of these colonies from our mothers during our transit through the birth canal ( natural delivery ) and via the ingestion of breast milk.  

Antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD), is caused when a course of antibiotics scrubs your intestines of all bacteria—both friendly and hostile. This "changes carbohydrate metabolism with decreased short-chain fatty acid absorption" The result: diarrhea, gas, and cramping. 

But ingesting probiotics such as Lactobacillus rhamnosus could help temporarily replace those decimated cultures until your natural contingent of bacteria grows back while keeping pathogenic bacteria in check. 

A reduction of beneficial bacteria lead to digestive problems causing poor immunity and metabolism , yeast infections , urinary tract infections etc. 

Have you seen young people looking old? 

The aging process results from the activity of putrefactive (proteolytic) microbes producing toxic substances in the large bowel.  Introducing "good" bacteria into the gut, helps maintain immune system activity, which in turn helps the body react more quickly to new infections.

Gut flora's primary benefit to the host is the gleaning of energy from the fermentation of undigested carbohydrates and the subsequent absorption of short chain fatty acids. Good flora increase the gut's absorption of water, reduce counts of damaging bacteria, increase growth of human gut cells, and stimulate growth of indigenous bacteria.

The gut sends  signals to the brain, via the vagus nerve which explains why stress can often be the cause of gastrointestinal problems.  It is two way street here.

Gut where the flora is imbalances and bad bacteria rules  cause  yeast and parasite overgrowth. So what does that do?

Lowered immune system and constant illness
Constant tiredness
Difficulty sleeping and waking up
Bloating and gas
Allergies
Recurrent bladder infections
Food cravings, especially for sweet or starchy foods
Intestinal cramps
Psoriasis or eczema
Brain fog or mental fuzziness
Menstrual irregularities including irregular periods, heavy bleeding, cramps, PMS, or anovulation
Anxiety or depression
Muscle or joint aches
Constipation or diarrhea
Infertility or permanent fertility damage
Arthritis
Osteoporosis
Malnutrition
Vitamin Deficiencies
Skin conditions including eczema and psoriasis

Cinnamon is a natural remedy for parasites and fungus.  I always keep Cinnamon in my car , like who dudes keep chewing gum.

Coconut Oil is naturally anti fungal and very nourishing to the body.  

In Kerala a man just needs to go past a woman for her to get pregnant ( literally ).   Now by consuming GM oils, the once potent Kerala men are firing blanks and then running to fertility clinics for semen count .

It supports the hormones and reproductive system. Now corrupt politicians have taken kickbacks and have suppressed coconut oil and started importing  toxic foreign vegetable oils .

Punch into Google search-

COCONUT OIL IS GOOD FOR COOKING , IGNORE THE VESTED PROPAGANDA VADAKAYIL

and

VIRGIN COCONUT OIL, WHEN HEART ATTACK WAS UNKNOWN IN KERALA VADAKAYIL




Prebiotics are a type of fiber that is indigestible in the intestine. 

The beneficial bacteria feed off prebiotics in order to survive.  Prebiotics do not replace bacteria, but help feed and maintain levels of ‘good’ bacteria in the digestive tract.  

Prebiotics help your immune system by keeping the beneficial bacteria healthy enough to help fight off disease.  Prebiotics are mainly found in fruits, barley, onions, vegetables and some grains. 

They selectively feed the good bacteria such as lactobacilli and bifidobacteria without feeding the bad types.

As a prebiotic, garlic can help probiotics thrive within the intestine. When consumed together, the indigestible prebiotics in the garlic will remain in the intestine where the probiotics that live there can use it as food. In this symbiotic relationship, the probiotics depend on the prebiotics for growth and survival.  Probiotics have is the capacity to synthesize vitamins.

Poor food choices, emotional stress, lack of sleep, antibiotic overuse, other drugs, and environmental influences can all shift the balance in favor of the bad bacteria.  When the digestive tract is healthy, it filters out and eliminates things that can damage it, such as harmful bacteria, toxins, chemicals, and other waste products. 

On the flip side, it takes in the things that our body needs (nutrients from food and water) and absorbs and helps deliver them to the cells where they are needed.

Raw, unheated honey is nature’s only predigested food. Unheated honey is a prebiotic supplies a rich array of nutrients, including amino acids and enzymes. The body uses pure honey for quick energy. Consumed in small amounts, honey does not contribute to blood sugar imbalances. Raw, unheated honey is the best sweetener, and we used this in ancient India.

Choosing the right prebiotic foods containing fibre that help protect the intestines, and  boost the metabolism and reduce inflammation in the body.  Prebiotics mostly come from carbohydrate fibers called oligosaccharides. .  

Probiotics are beneficial bacteria similar to those found naturally in the gut.  

Probiotics are defined by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) as "Live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit on the host"

Since probiotics are regulated as a food rather than a drug in the US, scamsters and pretender manufacturers can claim just about any benefit from probiotic bacteria that they wish so long as the include the FDA warning.

Probiotics remain in the gut and act to aid in digestion and immunity. Probiotics are naturally found in yogurt and hard cheese. Without adequate prebiotics, the probiotics may not get enough nutrients to survive, and the natural flora of your intestine will change. 



If the beneficial bacteria are underpopulated, other, more harmful bacteria can move in, potentially causing gastrointestinal problems.

Probiotics – the beneficial bacteria ,calms the immune system and reduce inflammation,  shortens the duration and severity of allergies and reduce the risk of serious diseases—all by improing the health and function of the gut.  The bacterial environment in the gut affects brain activity—as there is a vegus nerve function. 



 I will write more about this important nerve when I write a post on Astanga Yoga and  Kappal Bathi .. Surya Namaskar stimulates the Vagus nerve.
  
Once frozen, probiotics can survive well over long shelf lives in products such as frozen yogurts and ice-cream.  Probiotics taken orally can be destroyed by the acidic conditions of the stomach. To surmount this micro-encapsulation techniques are being developed. 

Probiotic bacteria have the potential to alter brain neurochemistry and treat anxiety and depression-related disorders.

So what else can Probiotics Do?

They can-
Help you lose pounds and manage your weight.
Lower your LDL (bad) cholesterol.
Improve your digestive function and comfort.
Keep your immune system strong.
Decrease allergies.
Reduce yeast infections.
Synthesize vitamin K, which is essential for healthy bones.
Lower anxiety and depression.
Improve mood and brain functions.
Decrease your likelihood of developing auto-immune disorders.
Prevent the overgrowth of yeast and other harmful organisms.
Enable the body to absorb and utilize essential minerals, such as calcium, zinc, and iron.
Assist in the manufacturing of several members of the B vitamin family.
Make you live longer.

Prebiotic fiber is not affected by heat, cold, acid or time. Probiotics can be killed by heat, acid or simply the passage of time. Prebiotics nourish the thousands of good bacterial species already living in the colon.    Probiotics contain from one to a few species of bacteria which are added to the colon when they are ingested (eaten).

Excessive drinking alcohol destroys the good bacteria.  

Never go to quack doctors who will give you antibiotics for viruses , like common colds.  

Eating meat from FDI stores and fast food joints KFC etc pumped with antibiotics kills the gut flora.  Probiotic bacteria use cholesterol as fuel. It  reduces the amount of cholesterol your liver makes.  Ingesting probiotics may lead to a significant increase in good (HDL) cholesterol, which is difficult to raise by other ways.. 

Intestinal problems can also arise when the lining of the intestines is damaged.  Taking probiotics may help maintain the integrity of the lining of the intestines.

Probiotics can preventing eczema associated with A1 humpless cow’s milk allergy. They suppress the growth of pathogens.  Drink only A2 milk taken from humped cows.




Eat organic vegetables.  Broiler poultry grown just for meat is always injected with hormone and antibiotics.  

Do NOT eat GM foods.  

More than 66% of 65 percent of U.S. corn crops contain a special gene added that allows them to produce an insecticide. This way, when bugs attempt to eat the corn they're killed right away (specifically their stomach is split open) because the plant contains an invisible, built-in pesticide shield.  Genetically modified foods can cause disruption of DNA, which is cancer. 

These "lipstick" foods which have NIL food value, minerals and vitamins. If you eat a lot of processed foods, for instance, your gut bacteria are going to be compromised because processed foods in general will destroy healthy microflora and feed bad bacteria and yeast.

Avoid consuming sugar, including fructose, and processed foods (which virtually all contain added sugar and fructose). The sugars serve as fuel for the growth of pathogenic anaerobic bacteria, fungi and yeast, and competitively inhibit your good bacteria, tending to crowd them out of their appropriate niche. These pathogenic bacteria, fungi and yeast then produce metabolic waste products that will cause your health to deteriorate.  

Fructose tricks your body into gaining weight by fooling your metabolism, as it turns off your body's appetite-control system. Fructose does not appropriately stimulate insulin, which in turn does not suppress ghrelin (the "hunger hormone") and doesn't stimulate leptin (the "satiety hormone"), which together result in your eating more and developing insulin resistance.

Western diets are filled with sweets and sugars, processed foods, and fast foods. These foods damage and inflame the intestinal walls, promoting overgrowth of bad bacteria and yeasts and breakdown of the intestinal barrier that leads to leaky gut..



If you have an infection it is important to know whether it is caused by bacteria or a virus. Most upper respiratory tract infections, such as the common cold and sore throats are generally caused by viruses - antibiotics do not work against these viruses. A broad-spectrum antibiotic can be used to treat a wide range of infections. 

A narrow-spectrum antibiotic is only effective against a few types of bacteria. There are antibiotics that attack aerobic bacteria, while others work against anaerobic bacteria. Aerobic bacteria need oxygen, while anaerobic bacteria don't. Antibiotics may be given beforehand, to prevent infection, as might be the case before surgery. This is called 'prophylactic' use of antibiotics.

If you do not complete the full antibiotic course, there is a higher chance the bacteria may become resistant to future treatments - because the ones that survive when you did not complete the course have had some exposure to the antibiotic and may consequently have built up a resistance to it. Even if you are feeling better, you still need to complete the course.

A kilo of body fat is K 9000 calories.  You need to run more than 105 kilometers to get rid of this.  Yes, exercise burns calories, but the amount is often trivial and with so much of effort. Eating sensibly reduces weight and also prevents major  diseases..  

If you eat too much refined food infused with fats and GM oils , calories will flood your body.  Usually, a hormone called insulin would help your cells absorb these calories for use. But the sheer overabundance of energy in this case overwhelms your cells. They stop responding to insulin. To compensate, your pancreas begins cranking out more insulin. When the pancreas finally collapses from exhaustion, you have diabetes. 

In addition, you develop resistance to another hormone called leptin, which signals satiety, or fullness.  So you tend to overeat.  There is a difference between the gut populations of lean and obese people.

If you jump up and down with a skipping rope you can curb your appetite.



Pasteurization is the process used to heat milk to a specific temperature for a set time. The goal is to kill potentially bad bacteria that may have found its way into the milk supply. The problem with pasteurization is that it kills all the beneficial bacteria we call probiotics as well as damaging the vitamins, minerals and denaturing the proteins leading to some of our health issues. 

The proteins actually get warped, making them look like invaders to our immune system, causing our bodies to mount an attack in the form of an allergic reaction.

On ships we buy long life UHT milk in cartons , like what you get in FDI stores. Ultra-pasteurization heats the milk to 280º for only a few seconds and it kills all bacteria good and bad. It also damages all of the vitamins, minerals and other nutrients originally contained in the milk. 



This process also kills the healthy enzymes which help your body digest the milk, and drinking it without the enzymes can lead to lactose intolerance.  

Is this humpless cow A1 milk good for you?

Once milk has been pasteurized it's more or less "dead," and offers little in terms of real nutritional value to anyone, whether you show signs of intolerance to the milk or not. The eradication of beneficial bacteria through the pasteurization process actually ends up promoting pathogens— this is good perception .  

In USA there are 29 states now allowing the sale of raw milk.  Children under age 2 need extra fat in their diets to support their developing brains.  Only whole A2 milk from humped cows can help provide that fat.

In India we have been using colloidal silver--the most powerful and effective natural anti-fungal agents since antiquity.

Punch into Google search-

BLUE AVATAR AND VIAGRA VADAKAYIL


The most widely known use of colloidal silver for fungal infections is its use by women ( who don’t wash after a pee ) who suffer from chronic vaginal Candida yeast infections.  

Big evil Pharma simply does not want to see any relatively inexpensive, safe and natural nutritional supplement competing with their expensive and potentially harmful prescription antifungal, antiviral and antibiotic drugs.


It may be possible in future to manipulate intestinal content and stimulate the vagus nerve to treat brain related diseases such as Alzheimer's or Parkinson's.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
ASHTANGA VINYASA YOGA, VAGUS NERVE , AMYGDALA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
UNKNOWN MIRACLES WITH YOGA , BALANCING BODY MIND AND SPIRIT ,   T KRISHNAMACHARYA,  PATTABHI JOIS,  BKS IYENGAR,  DRIVING THE LYMPH   - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Lord Irwin  ( Edward Frederick Lindley Wood, 1st Earl of Halifax ) ,  was Viceroy of India from 1926 to 1931.  ( below )


He had severe mental ( Bipolar ) and physical ailments ( kidney ) , where it reached a point that he was unable to continue doing justice to his job.

By the way Winston Churchill also had BPAD ( Bipolar disorder ). See his statue below in strait jacket ( for severe mania swing ) at Norwich town centre.



At that time he came to know of a Indian Yogi who could stop his involuntary systems like heart beat at will.

Grasping at the last straw he summoned this Yogi to his bunglow in Simla .  



T Krishnamachari ( above ) who knew Ashtanga Yoga of the ancient Maharishi Patanjali  diagnosed his ailments and put him though a Yoga regimen,  all the while staying with the Viceroy.  
Within six months Lord Irwin was free of all his ailments ( considered as genetic ) and he was grateful to this Yogi, who did NOT charge any fees.  



Above : Tirumalai Krishnamacharya.  His yoga and spiritual guru was Rama Mohan Brahmachari who stayed in a cave near Mount Kailash at Lake Manasarovar, and lived only on fruits.




See video above : Once an integral part of India ( the abode of Lord Shiva ) is now part of China and you need a Chinese visa .  Once India has the military power-- just a matter of 2 decades,  we shall snatch this holiest place back , from China-- who can keep our Buddhism.

He knew that the Yogi wanted to go to the some lonely part of the Himalayas in Tibet to meditate. 
Lord Irwin out of gratitude he took care out his expenses and gave him three companions to accompany him.  

Lord Irwin led a full life and died a normal death at a ripe old age--  34 years later.



After treating Lord Irwin, T Krishnamacharya arrived at Sri Brahmachari’s school, walked all the way to a remote cave at the foot of Mount Kailash,  where Yogi Rama Mohan Brahmachari lived.

Under Brahmachari’s tutelage, Krishnamacharya spent eight years learning yoga , and the sutras of Maharishi Patanjali and Ayurveda.

As Hindu ancient tradition holds, at the end of his studies with the guru, Krishnamacharya asked what the guru  dakshina should be.

His master responded that Krishnamacharya was to "take a wife, raise children and be a yoga guru".

His students recall  that while leading a meditation, Krishnamacharya instructed students to close their eyes and “think of God—any God of choice.  If not God, the sun.   If not the sun, your parents”

Let me digress –

Recently we had an little piece of turd by the name of Chetan Bhagat insulting Swami Ramdev at the India Today Conclave.  

You must know that our main stream media is funded and remote controlled by Big Brother. 

Now Chetan Bhagat has a mediocre brain – the type we call "small caliber big bore".

Since he worked for Rothschild’s controlled Goldman Sachs , he has always been  pushing the sinister agenda of the Banking Cartel. No wonder he automatically got included in Rothschild controlled Time Magazine’s  100 Most Influential People .

He was all over TV pushing FDI in multibrand retail.  

Chetan Bhagat has self conferred the mantle on himself as “Indian Youth Ambassador”.  You should see this to believe .

Every TV show he would cry “This is NOT what young India wants !!”

And then he would push his foreign funded agenda “ Indians want jobs in Walmart and FDI stores , homosexuals want their rights BLAH BLAH “.  

His useless low IQ blogs would appear on Rothschild controlled newspapers and magazines.

Now—



At the India Today conclave he picked on a fellow guest --a respected Yogi . He insulted him. As if on cue the yuppies in the audience would giggle loudly in sarcasm.

Chetan Bhagat ridiculed Swami Ramdev’s claim that he can cure homosexuality.



He thundered at Ramdev  “ So, what is wrong with homosexuality?  You'll take India back to the 16th century .  Your values are all wrong!”  

CLAP CLAP  from the ch00tiya ( sorry- cant see another apt word ) yuppie audience attired  in suit , tie and boot.

Yoga can cure much greater things than homosexuality.

In modern science anything which the doctors do NOT know is branded a genetic disorder.

The ancient Indian Dvau Bhuja Karanam has now been stolen and patented by the immoral west as “ Super brain Yoga “.

Punch into Google search-
DVAU BHUJA KARANAM, THOPPU KARANAM VADAKAYIL

I have put BPAD data on my previous blog ( Probiotics ) as a comment.  I guess I will do better by copying and pasting it in this post.

################################################
  
JI
August 16, 2013 at 6:43 AM

Respected Sir,

Will you please write an article on BPAD also? I have been its patient since 12 years and according to NIMHANS docs its 3rd most common psychiatric disorder after OCD and Schizophrenia.

Thanks

Delete

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
August 16, 2013 at 11:02 AM

hi ji,

for a person with Bipolar affective disorder (BPAD) it is important that at least one person he is in contact with daily ( at home and at work ) knows his condition.

it is also important that he knows what i am gonna write here.

Bipolar disorder cannot currently be identified through a blood test or a brain scan.

you must maintain a diary where you must write how you feel daily. this diary where about must be known to the person at home.

The clinical history should be taken from both the patient and this diary reader home relation or friend as a patient who is in a manic episode will not be able to give an objective view of their condition and risk taking behaviour. The doctor will be looking for several important pieces of information in the history.

(BPAD) is a psychological illness that involves severe mood swings. These mood swings take the form of depression or mania.

BPAD is a lifelong condition, as of now.


Clinical depression symptoms seen with bipolar disorder include:

Social withdrawal
Decreased appetite and weight loss, or overeating and weight gain
Difficulty concentrating, remembering, and making decisions
Excessive crying
Fatigue, decreased energy, being "slowed down"
Feelings of guilt, worthlessness, helplessness
Feelings of hopelessness, pessimism
Loss of interest or pleasure in hobbies and activities that were once enjoyed, including sex
Persistently sad, anxious, or "empty" moods
Restlessness, irritability
Thoughts of death or suicide, suicide attempts
Feeling hopeless, sad, or empty.
Irritability
Changes in sleep patterns


Clinical mania symptoms seen with bipolar disorder include:

Inappropriate elation
Inappropriate irritability
Inappropriate social behavior
Increased sexual desire
Increased talking speed and/or volume
Markedly increased energy
Poor judgment
Feeling unusually “high” and optimistic
Unrealistic, grandiose beliefs about one’s abilities or powers
Sleeping very little, but feeling extremely energetic
Racing thoughts; jumping quickly from one idea to the next
Highly distractible, unable to concentrate
Impaired judgment and impulsiveness
Acting recklessly without thinking about the consequences
Delusions and hallucinations
Overly inflated self-esteem
Very active, moving around very quickly
Recklessly spending money
Over-familiar or recklessly critical with other people
Less inhibited in general.


On average, a person is free of symptoms for about five years between the first and second episodes. As time goes on, the interval between episodes may shorten, especially in cases in which treatment is discontinued too soon.
  
this is a predominantly biological disorder that occurs in a specific part of the brain and is due to a malfunction of the neurotransmitters (chemical messengers in the brain).

modern doctors like to say that this is hereditary due to faulty genes.

With Rapid Cycling the patient changes from depression to manic at least 4 times a year and episodes of depression and mania are short.

CONTINUED TO PAGE 2


Delete

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

August 16, 2013 at 11:36 AM

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 1-

Living with untreated bipolar disorder can lead to problems in everything from your career to your relationships to your health.

Treatment for bipolar disorder may include the use of mood stabilizers such as lithium. Lithium reduces the risk of suicide, self-harm, and death in people with bipolar disorder.

Lithium can be used to treat both manic and depressive episodes.

Lithium dose strength can be decided only by a qualified psychiatrist, on the basis of blood tests – too low and it won't work, too high and it becomes toxic.

If you become dehydrated, the level of Lithium in your blood will rise, and you will be more likely to get side-effects, or even toxic effects. It can take three months or longer for Lithium to work properly.

Since bipolar disorder is a chronic, relapsing illness, it’s important to continue treatment even when you’re feeling better.

With proper medication individuals with bipolar disorder can live full and satisfying lives.

With understanding of own condition, maintaing an objective and truthful personal diary , healthy coping skills, and a solid support system, you manage BPAD.

Doctors dont like to tell your details of this mental condition. At the same time he decides what to do on the basis of info retrieved from you or your home relative.

You can help control your symptoms by exercising regularly, doing yoga, having a healthy gut by eating right , getting enough sleep, monitoring your moods and keeping stress to a minimum.

The following signs suggest that your Lithium level is too high. Contact your doctor immediately if you or your home relative notic:

---you feel very thirsty
--you have bad diarrhoea or vomiting
---obvious shaking of your hands and legs
---twitching of your muscles
---you get muddled or confused.

People with bipolar disorder often have thyroid gland problems. Lithium treatment may also cause low thyroid levels in some people.
In some cases, lithium can cause side effects such as:

--Restlessness
--Dry mouth
--Bloating or indigestion
--Acne
--Unusual discomfort to cold temperatures
--Joint or muscle pain
--Brittle nails or hair.

if your have a good support from your home relative/ office mate , he will :--

--Offer emotional support, understanding, patience, and encouragement

-- he will be a good listener.

-- he knows the content of what i write here.

Talk to your friend or relative and listen carefully

-- keep you happy and occupied.

-- give you encouragement and NOT get upset by your behavior and point fingers at you.

 -- make sure you do NOT harm yourself.

--know your doctor's mobile number and clinic address.

-- MAKE SURE YOU TAKE YOUR MEDICATION.


It is estimated that a person with bipolar disorder will have an average of eight to nine mood episodes during his or her lifetime.

your live in relative or friend must know the warning signs of suicide like :-

--Talking about death, self-harm, or suicide.
--Feeling worthless or like a burden to others.
-- Acting recklessly, as if one has a “death wish”
-- Putting affairs in order for saying final goodbye.
--- Seeking out weapons or pills that could be used to commit suicide.

MRI findings that abnormal modulation at the amygdala ( a buzz word nowadays so maybe I may put a post on this later ) contributes to poor emotional regulation and mood symptoms.

If you shoot two arrow and it passing through a man's eye and ear --they will meet at his amygdala. you can stimulate your own amygdala with your own imagination, and then laugh uncontrollably--

Whaaaa ?

Yeah!!

CONTINUED TO PAGE 3-

Delete

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
August 16, 2013 at 11:43 AM

CONTINUED FROM PAGE 2-

Traditional anti-depressant medication should not be used in BPAD as this medication can bring on episodes of mania or hypomania and cause severe mood swings.

In extreme cases ECT can also be tried. In this therapy the patient is put to sleep and then a controlled dose of electricity is applied to the patient's head.

Again, keep stress in check, as cortisol is NO good.

If you know how to draw a graph — you can put your own mental index in your diary in a curve or a number from MINUS 5 ( depression ) to ZERO ( normal ) to PLUS 5 ( mania )..

capt ajit vadakayil
..

##########################

Get a brief idea of what ancient yoga is by reading the post below .

Yoga is NOT merely a physical exercise.

Punch into Google search-
SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION  VADAKAYIL

Penned on 28th Oct 2011, this post has more than 56200 downloads , mostly in the West.

Here is a typical prayer session in the Pattabhi Jois , Ashtanga Yoga class.  

Pattabhi Jois is the direct pupil of T Krishnamacharya.

The Ashtanga Yoga starts with an invocation mantra in Sanskrit.

vande gurūṇāṁ caraṇāravinde saṁdarśita svātma sukhāvabodhe
niḥ śreyase jāṅ̇galikāyamāne saṁsāra hālāhala mohaśāntyai
ābāhu puruṣākāraṁ śaṅ̇khacakrāsi dhāriṇam
sahasra śirasaṁ śvetam praṇamāmi patañjalim OM 




Meaning:
I bow to the lotus feet of the gurus,
The awakening happiness of one's own self revealed,
Beyond better, acting like the jungle physician,
Pacifying delusion, the poison of samsara.
Taking the form of a man to the shoulders,
Holding a conch, a discus, and a sword,
One thousand heads white,
To Patanjali, I salute.




The Yoga class  closes after chanting the Mangala Mantra , with gratitude :

svasti prajābhyaḥ paripālayantāṁ nyāyena mārgeṇa mahīṁ mahīśāḥ
gobrāhmaṇebhyaḥ śubhamastu nityaṁ lokāḥ samastāḥ sukhino bhavantu


Meaning:
May prosperity be glorified,
May rulers  rule the world with law and justice,
May divinity ( brahmAn ) and Dharma ( cow ) be protected.
May all beings be happy and prosperous.


Readers must know the purpose of chanting Sanskrit mantras as a prayer.

Punch into Google search:-

POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS VADAKAYIL




Above : Yoga Master the late K Pattabhi Jois, the pupil of T Krishamacharya -- died at the age of 93 , while in good health and fitness..

Below: Statue of the seer Maharishi Patanjali 





Wanna see some Ashtanga yoga poses?  

Warning: 

This yoga is meant ONLY for people who are young and superbly fit.  

If you are NOT physically fit and supple you risk grave injury to spine, tendons and ligaments.


















































Above: Singer Madonna learnt Astanga Yoga from Pattabhi Jois.  Madonna chanted the opening Ashtanga chant on her Ray-of-Light album, and also played an Ashtanga teacher in the movie The Next Best Thing.

Did anybody say --"piece of cake?"


Yoga asanas help to shift lymph fluids around your body in ways that you would not ordinarily be able to achieve in daily life .  

Because the lymphatic system is a closed pressure system and has one-way valves that keep lymph moving towards the heart, when one turns upside down like in Shirshasan  ( head stand ) , the entire lymphatic system is stimulated, thus strengthening your immune system.




Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.




Human lymph nodes are bean-shaped and range in size from a few millimeters to about 1–2 cm in their normal state. Approximately 70% are superficial lymphatic capillaries located  just under, the skin.  

Digression: If western women stop wearing tight under wired black bras they can avoid breast cancer.

The remaining 30%, which are known as deep lymphatic capillaries, surround most of the body’s organs. The deep ones can be stimulated only by Yoga. 

Like veins, the lymphatic vessels, which are known as lymphangions, have one-way valves to prevent any backward flow. 

Like body inversions and head stand exercises, twists offer your body new ways to remove toxins and flush important lymph around the entire torso. Yogic asanas to aid lymph flow includes neck rotation, shoulder shrugs, ankle pumps, leg slides, shoulder blade squeezes etc.  

Yoga diaphragmatic breathing and many yoga positions open up the chest cavity, while poses like shoulder stands, enlist gravity to help lymph fluid get where it is supposed to go.  


Since there is no pump, the lymph movement relies on contraction of smooth muscle tissue lining the walls of lymph vessels.  Movement of skeletal muscles is also important for driving lymph along the systems network of vessels to lymph nodes and from these to lymph ducts where the lymph tissue joins cardiovascular circulation. 

This is what the scientifically formulated Yoga positions do. 

The human arteries are like a two-lane highway bringing nutrients, oxygen and fluid to the body part. The vein is a one-lane highway taking away the used blood, and the lymphatic channels are the other one-lane highway draining away the lymph fluid.

Two lanes in together, but two out lanes separate out. Blood is responsible for collecting and distributing oxygen, nutrients and hormones to the entire body where lymph is responsible for collecting and removing waste products left behind in the tissues. 

Plasma leaks out of the capillaries to surround and bathe the body tissues. This then drains into the lymph vessels. At the cellular level, the lymphatic system is a pathway through which fluid flows from the intercellular spaces into the blood. 

Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body. 

6000 years ago, Ayurveda and Yoga  realized that many lymph nodes are situated near the region around the joints. Humans have approximately 500-700 lymph nodes distributed throughout the body, with clusters found in the underarms, groin, neck, chest, and abdomen.

All lymph vessels lead to lymph nodes. Lymph nodes can be as small as the head of a pin, or as big as an olive . Half of the lymph nodes in the body, are  located in the abdomen, and many are in the neck. 

The movements of the limbs help to act as a pump to move the lymph through the system. They are located in clusters around the knee, groin, elbows, shoulders and neck. Lymph nodes are also found in the central abdominal and chest area to assist with lymph drainage around the vital organs.


Every Yoga movement take this into account. This is why Yoga must not be self inflicted.  Because the lymph doesn't have a heart to pump it so good circulation of the lymphatic system depends on getting proper stretching exercise and yogic inverted postures which use gravity.

A simple yogasana like Surya namaskar ( below video ) can increase lymph flow 20 fold.  



Pattabhi Jois starts his classes 10 ten Surya Namaskars.  Two-thirds of the lymph is produces in the liver and intestines. 


Like the name itself suggests , Surya Namaskar has to do with the sun and hence the Pineal gland.  

This super conducting resonator has mystical powers. 

Once the third eye ( pineal gand ) is developed it is far more powerful than any of your 5 human senses. If you understand SURYA NAMASKAR which is done at dawn , as soon as the sun rises,   it is nothing but sun gazing while doing yoga.  



Brain processes occurred at the quantum level. The dendritic networks in the brain operate in tandem through quantum coherence. The electrical activity of microtubules inside the  dendrites and neurons in the brain is  at the heart of consciousness. 

Our brain talks to itself and the rest of the  body in the language of wave interference –phase , frequency and amplitude. We perceive an object by resonating with it,  thus getting in sync with it. To know the world is to be literally to be on its wavelength.

Though it is not part of the brain, the pineal gland develops from the roof of the diencephalon, a section of the brain, and functions as a light receptor.  



Stupid Darwin may not agree with me -- but, the pineal gland is the evolutionary forerunner of the modern eye. . This gland synthesizes melatonin and enzymes sensitive to diurnal light.  Rhythmic changes in its activity in response to cyclical photic input shows that the Pineal gland serves as a biological clock.

To activate the 'third eye' and perceive higher dimensions, the pineal ( soul ) and the pituitary ( body ) glands must vibrate in YIN-YANG unison, to create a field , which is achieved through meditation. 

The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the pineal gland. This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze as the level of Ulra Violet rays is too low to harm your eyes.  At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head". 

Pranayama ( deep breathing ) floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. If you are right handed you must breathe in via the left nostril.  In Vedic times 10000 years ago, at the banks of the Saraswati river, the crystallised pineal gland of the great Masters was said to be the size of a lemon, and this with evolution, spiritual pollution and change in breathing patterns , has now been atrophied to the size of a very small pea.  

The pineal gland controls the various biorhythms of the body. It can discern negative energies, based on perception of vibrating energies around you. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland.  

Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the SUPER ANTIOXIDANT of nature.  The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin. 

At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL divine geometry. 

Once you enter the rapid eye movement (REM) stage of sleep, minute amounts of this natural DMT psychedelic are released directly into your bloodstream—for you to dream and access aakashik records.

Serotonin receptors are activated by DMT and serotonin receptors regulate heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, pupil diameter. DMT is a small molecule and is a  brain food that is rapidly transported across the blood brain barrier.

When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears and anxiety. The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for the human body. 

The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC). Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. 

Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

Ancient Indian Maharishis had the ability to go on either isde of the narrow 5 bands of human senses.  By resonating their huge pineal glands with their 12 strand DNA they could transcend the limitations of space time. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

Sun gazing also has the added advantage of getting vitamin A and D during the 1-hour safe period window. Eyes receive the entire spectrum of the sunlight while sungazing, which is distributed to the different parts of the body by the brain on a need per basis. Sungazing causes the secretion of “feel good” hormones serotonin beta-endorphins, and dopamine. 

Ancient Vedic scriptures tell us the quickest way to charge the bodies cells is by sungazing. 

Take away the sunlight and all life on earth would soon perish. Deprived of sunlight, man loses physical vigor and strength and will develop a disinclination for activity. Feed two animals the same diet but keep one in a dark closet and allow the other to be out in the sunshine. The animal that's kept in the closet will be weak, stunted and die prematurely. 

Surya is one of the principal vedic deities. 




He is pictured as riding across the sky on a chariot pulled by seven horses.  




Seven horses and the seven colors of light for each of the seven chakras. 



The pineal gland (third eye) is equipped with photoreceptor cells. The rays of the sun with seven VIBGYOR colors have a cure for all kinds of diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's,  obesity,  arthritis,  osteoporosis, cancer and others.  

Readers must be familiar with Pranayama.  It is about Nitric oxide and oxygenation.

Punch into Google search:-
PRANAYAMA VADAKAYIL

Wanna check out the breath of a Yogi?



As B.K.S. Iyengar ( see below ) quoted “If you can breathe, you can practice Yoga”.



BKS Iyengar is the nephew of T Krishnamacharya. Bellur Krishnamachar Sundararaja Iyengar at the age of 94 is in good health.  

Iyengar was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by Time Magazine—and this time there is no evil politics of Rothschild.

In June 2011, he was presented with a commemorative stamp issued in his honour by the Beijing branch of China Post.

The term vinyasa refers to the alignment of movement and breath, a method which turns static asanas into a dynamic flow.  The length of one inhale or one exhale dictates the length of time spent transitioning between asanas.  

Asanas are then held for a predefined number of breaths.  In effect, attention is placed on the breath and the journey between the asanas rather than solely on achieving perfect body alignment in an asana. This vinyasa 'flow' is a variant of Surya namaskar. 

The breathing style used in Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga is Ujjayi which is a relaxed diaphragmatic style of breathing, characterized by an ocean sound which resonates in the practitioner's throat. The opening sequence begins with 10 Sun Salutations and then several standing asanas. Practice always ends with savasana, where you lie down relaxed and think of the calm ocean.

Pranayama—inhale and exhale with awareness— long exhales with the sound of mmmm.  Humming boosts level of nitric oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret .  Ordinary breath is a mere 4%.  

It is amazing Nitric oxide was discovered by Indian yogis 11000 years ago.  For re-inventing this a Nobel prize was given 2 decades ago.

Nitric oxide is necessary for-
1. Destruction of viruses, parasitic organisms, and malignant cells in the airways and lungs by inactivating their respiratory chain enzymes.
2. Regulation of binding - release of O2 to hemoglobin.
3. Vasodilation of arteries and arterioles (regulation of blood flow or perfusion of tissues).
4. Inhibitory effects of inflammation in blood vessels.
5. Hormonal effects. Nitric oxide influences secretion of hormones from several glands (adrenaline, pancreatic enzymes, and gonadotropin-releasing hormone)
6. Neurotransmission. Memory, sleeping, learning, feeling pain, and many other processes are possible only with NO present (for transmission of neuronal signals).

When there is lack of oxygen in your blood , you living to a small percentage of your potential.

Ashtanga series has its  origin in an ancient text called the Yoga Korunta, compiled by Vamana Maharirishi . T Krishnamacharya received from his Guru Rama Mohan Brahmachari at Mount Kailash. 

Pattabhi Jois got this wisdom from his master T Krishnamachari.  In 1927, at the age of 12, Pattabhi Jois attended a Yoga demonstration at the Jubilee Hall  in Hassan by T. Krishnamacharya and became his student the very next day—there was no looking back after this.


When the Maharaja of Mysore, Krishna Rajendra Wodeyar, had become seriously ill ,T Krishnamacharya had healed him, through yoga, where British doctors failed.  The Maharaja became Krisnamacharya's patron and established a Yoga shala for him.  

How many of you know that the Mysore palace is visited more than the Taj Mahal?











K. Pattabhi Jois taught up until he passed away on May 18, 2009, and he just followed what he learned from his guru Sri T. Krishnamacharya.  Both Jois and Iyengar were students in the same class of Krishnamacharya at Mysore .

What does Ashtanga Yoga do for you?


It improves the feel good factor giving you a natural high, reduces stress , increases vitality,  improves strength and flexibility , improves immune system function, improves blood and lymph circulation, eliminates body toxins, strengthens the cardiovascular system , improves digestion, metabolism and hormone production, gets rid of  depression and anxiety , reduces mind chatter,  improves  concentration, builds patience , gets rid of obesity and sloth, balances body- mind- spirit, and keeps diseases away .

Ashtanga Yoga stimulates the Vagus nerve and the Amygdala to cure many disorders conveniently branded as genetic disorders by modern medicine—just because they do NOT have a clue.




So what is this vagus nerve?


T Krishmacharya stimulated his Vagus nerve and Amygdala to stop his heart beat and control involuntary muscles.

Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) therapy using a pacemaker-like device implanted in the chest , to control seizures in epilepsy patients and has recently been approved for treating drug-resistant cases of clinical depression. 




They should be able to make a non-invasive VNS device that stimulates an afferent branch of the vagus nerve soon.



Drugs like Atropine  inhibit the action of the vagus nerve on the heart.  During anaesthesia and surgery, Atropine is used to help keep the heart beat normal.




Your body's levels of stress hormones are regulated by the autonomic nervous system (ANS) . The ANS has two components that balance each other, the sympathetic nervous system (SNS) and the parasympathetic nervous system (PNS).

The SNS turns up your nervous system. It helps us handle what we perceive to be emergencies and is in charge of the flight-or-fight response.


The PNS turns down the nervous system and helps us to be calm. It promotes relaxation, rest, sleep, and drowsiness by slowing our heart rate, slowing our breathing, constricts the pupils of our eyes, increases the production of saliva in our mouth, and so forth.

The Vagus nerve is the longest nerve in the human body.  It extends from within the brain on a winding road throughout the body down through the intestine.  

The Vagus nerve also, just so happens, to be the only nerve in the body that is present through each one of the 7 Chakras.

The vagus nerve is a mixed cranial nerve containing approximately 85% sensory fibers  communicating the ste of the viscera to the brain. . 



The vagus nerve supplies motor parasympathetic fibers to all the organs except the suprarenal (adrenal) glands, from the neck down to the second segment of the transverse colon. 

The vagus also controls a few skeletal muscles. Besides output to the various organs in the body, the vagus nerve conveys sensory information about the state of the body's organs to the central nervous system.  

Vagus nerve regulates the chemical levels in the digestive system so that the intestines can process food and keep track of what types of nutrients are being gained from the food that is taken in. It  keeps the digestive tract in working order, contracting the muscles of the stomach and intestines to help process food, and sending back information about what is being digested and what the body is getting out of it.



Stems cells are directly connected to the vagus nerve.  Activating the vagus nerve can stimulate stem cells to produce new cells and repair and rebuild your own organs.  

By activating the vagus nerve, you can control your immune cells, reduce inflammation, and even prevent disease and aging!



Vagus Nerve can be activated and stimulated by Yoga -- and worked with energetically through chanting mantras, divine geometry like Sri Yantra and longitudinal wave frequency.

Vagus nerve acts as the mind-body connection, and it is the cabling behind your heart’s emotions and gut instincts. .  You can stimulate your vagus nerve by practicing diaphragmatic breathing with the glottis partially closed—which is quite a popular Yoga promoted by Swami Ramdev called Bhastrika Pranayama ( kapal bhatti ).




Without the functions of the vagus nerve, you would find it difficult to speak, breathe, or eat, and your heartbeat would become extremely irregular.

An underactive vagus nerve can lead to a condition called gasteroparesis. This condition leads to nausea, heartburn, stomach pains, spasms in the stomach and weight loss due to the digestive system having too little of the chemicals it needs to break down food. An underactive vagus nerve can also lead to a dropping heart rate.

Scientists have discovered that artificial Vagus Nerve Stimulation (VNS), through electrical impulses via a surgically implanted pacemaker like device, shows promising results in reducing depression, anxieties and conditions such as epilepsy and obesity. 



We are just scratching the tip of the iceberg here, as vagus nerve in conjunction with amygdala stimulation can do wonders. 

I will talkabout amygdala later in this post.

VNS-  Vagus Nerve Stimulation can promote weight-loss as the signals to the brain of ‘fullness’ are more easily transmitted. The Enteric Nervous System is  involved predominantly with food digestion, waste elimination and sending full/hungry signals to the brain.    

90% of the nerve fibers of the ENS run one way, from the stomach area, through the vagus nerve and up into the brain.

Furthermore, more than 95% of the body’s serotonin is produced in the gut, not in the brain as modern medicine assumes.

The ENS has a greater role than managing our gastrointestinal needs.  More than 95% of our thoughts occur in our subconscious minds , the right brain lobe for a right hander. The Enteric Nervous System is  the organ of the subconscious mind. 



Now you know why most of the nerve fibers between the two systems originate in the ENS or that most of the serotonin is also produced in the ENS.

Vagus nerve is stimulated when we feel empathy.  When we connect with someone else's emotions and feel for them, the Vagus nerve gets stimulated.  Vagus nerve is attached to emotions, and hence the right lobe of our brain.

To know more about brain lobes , punch into Google search-

THE RAPE OF THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND VADAKAYIL

The parasympathetic system is pretty automatic and not within that "conscious" control. Sometimes you need to step back and "allow" intelligent conscious morphogenetic energy to flow the way it normally would if you didn't put up a fight or flight.


Human Beings have an Autonomic Nervous System (ANS) that is the body’s automatic regulatory system of nerves and controls that do all the background tasks that keep the body operating. The ANS is comprised of three separate subsystems, the Parasympathetic Nervous System (PNS), the Sympathetic Nervous System (SNS) and the Enteric Nervous System (ENS). 

The Parasympathetic Nervous System is responsible for many of our resting functions such as lowering heart rate, increasing digestive & gland activity and sexual arousal, the Sympathetic Nervous System is mainly associated with modulation of hormones and neurotransmitters relating to “flight or fight” responses.

When things in our life become ‘second nature’, like driving, typing etc they are effectively processed through our ENS rather than our CNS. The cerebrospinal system is the organ of the conscious mind and is the channel through which we receive conscious perception from the physical senses, and exercise control over the movements of the body. 

While the cerebrospinal or central nervous system (CNS)  has the brain as its control center, the ENS has a ganglionic mass in the belly known as the Solar Plexus, often referred to as our second brain, as its central processing unit and it is in this coprocessor that most of our everyday tasks get executed from.


The vagus nerve is the most important element of the parasympathetic nervous system (the one that calms you down by controlling your relaxation response). 

When an athlete is said to be ‘in the zone’ and performing at near perfect levels, it is because they are practically and literally almost unconscious and functioning entirely through their ENS.
Punch into Google search--

IN THE FLOW  VADAKAYIL

GUT FEELING AND INTUITION  VADAKAYIL

IN THE ZONE VADAKAYIL

The Vagus nerve is responsible for speech, swallowing, keeping the larynx open for breathing, slowing heart rate, monitoring and initiating digestive processes, and modulating inflammation, among other actions.

The vagus rerve arises from the medulla in the brain and passes through the skull down within the chest cavity where it branches off in multiple directions to innervate organs and muscles. 85% of the nerve fibers are devoted to sending information from the organs/gut back to the brain. 

The Vagus nerve also relays information to the brain from what is known as the Enteric Nervous System (ENS).  The ENS is our "second brain" controlling the digestive process; it is made up of over 500 million neurons that surround the digestive tract. 

Like I said before , it is called a second brain because it can function independently from the brain if the Vagus nerve is severed.

Different postures that are adopted during Ashtanga yoga exercise helps in releasing pressure from the delicate nerve fibers. Vagus nerve stimulation (VNS) activates anti-inflammatory pathways that work in the digestive tract.  

VNS to be a possible treatment for chronic depression in people that didn't respond to any other treatments . Defects in the normal functioning of Vagus nerve may impair the normal control mechanisms that modulate the gastric acid secretion. 

Excessive secretion of peptic acid can lead to ulceration, dyspepsia and gastro-esophageal reflux disease. The under-activity of vagus nerve may interfere with the blood supply of stomach after ingestion of food that leads to improper digestion.  

By deep breathing, you activate the vagus nerve and bring balance between your parasympathetic and sympathetic nervous system rn, nausea and weight loss.

All this was known to Ayurveda more than 6000 years ago. The 108 marma points of  Kalari and Ayurveda were mostly to stimulate the Vagus nerve and the Amydgala..

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

VNS, statistic have proved that most people with severe migraine were able to get relief..
Ashtanga yoga practitioners are usually very altruistic, considerate , grateful , happy and compassionate, only because of vegal nerve stimulation. 


The vagus nerve is connected to receptor networks for oxytocin, a neurotransmitter involved in trust and maternal bonding.  Stimulating that vagus nerve is not only good for you , it’s good for planet earth.

The vagus nerve is a nerve  comes from the brain and controls the parasympathetic nervous system, which controls your relaxation response. And this nervous system uses the neurotransmitter, acetylcholine. 

If your brain cannot communicate with your diaphragm via the release of acetylcholine from the vagus nerve, then you will stop breathing and die.

Acetylcholine is responsible for learning and memory.  It is also calming and relaxing, which is used by vagus nerve to send messages of peace and relaxation throughout your body.  Acetylcholine reduces  inflammation in the body.   

VNS sends acetylcholine throughout your body, not only relaxing you but also turning down the fires of inflammation which is related to the negative effects from stress. This is why Ashtanga Yoga reduces stress.

And what is acetylcholine?

German Jew Otto Loewi ( below ) the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1936, because he has access to ancient Ayurveda texts on the good effects of Yoga and how the neurotransmitters reduce the heart beat — yes the infamous Rothschild connection again.



He first called it after himself "Vagusstoff" (German for: "Vagus Substance").  This was laterrenamed as acetylcholine and became the first neurotransmitter identified by scientists.  

Acetylcholine is the primary neurotransmitter involved with thought, learning, and memory.  It sharpens our concentration and perception.   Alzheimer's disease, which is characterized by severe disturbances in brain function,  is linked to a lack of acetylcholine.

As you get older, your immune system produces more inflammatory molecules, and your nervous system turns on the stress response,  promoting system breakdown and aging.  You immune system is controlled by the vagus nerve.



So get the drift why a human body goes into a pretzel twist?  Enough of vagus nerve.  

Some secrets I must keep for myself, for a rainy day, right?  

Now let me talk about Amygdala.



Pranayama affects the amygdala. 

The amygdala is the most sensitive structure and most active structures in the brain. It uses more blood than any other part of the brain. We humans are conscious creatures because we have more amygdala nuclei.  

The amygdala has in turn been implicated in nearly every psychiatric disorder. We don’t have animals with mood swings, and OCD , right?

The amygdala has a substantial role in mental states, and is related to many psychological disorders. Children with anxiety disorders tend to have a smaller left amygdala.

Larger amygdalae allow for greater emotional intelligence, enabling greater societal integration and cooperation with others.

There are functional differences between the right and left amygdala.  Electrical stimulations of the right amygdala induce negative emotions, especially fear and sadness.  

In contrast, stimulation of the left amygdala  mostly induces happiness.  The left amygdala plays a role in the brain's reward system.






If you shoot and arrow through the eye and the ear the tips will meet at the amygdala.




An enlarged amygdala in autism will be hyperactive, whereas a damaged amygdala would be the opposite.  Amygdala is the Latin word for almond.

The amygdala is the seat of emotion. Psychopaths lack emotion. They lack empathy, remorse, guilt. Brain scans of psychopaths show a deformation in the amygdala compared to non-psychopaths.




It is the amygdala which jolts our bodies in fear,  form emotional memories,  helps us feel our dreams and can shape the effects of certain stress disorders and phobias.



The two amygdale sit on the horn-like tips of the hippocampus. They work with our sympathetic nervous system to put the body in a state of “fight-or-flight”.



The amygdala has an important role in memory.  It reminds us, for better or worse, of past situations. Since it is so emotional, the amygdala is responsible for those persistent thoughts and extra mental baggage we wish we would forget.  It nags us with recollections of painful or shocking events.  


So when a woman jumps out of her skin with a terrible shriek at the sight of a rat – its is just an example of her amygdala in action!

Stimulating the amygdala by meditation and Pranayama  can help you enter a psychological state of flow. Activating the amygdala in a positive way stimulates higher order mental processes. This can improve creativity and intelligence while elevating positive emotion. 

There are also links ( which can be modified ) between homosexuality and the connectivity of the amygdala to the rest of the brain. 


Homosexuality depends on hormonal factors operating during fetal life and NOT genetics. 

No baby is born a homosexual. 

While the amygdala is almost fully developed at birth, the prefrontal cortex does not mature until early adulthood.



Damage to the amygdala can thus result in behavioral deficits such as autism, post traumatic stress syndrome, child abuse, alcoholism, etc. The amygdala is not only sensitive to physical hurt but also to emotional hurt. 

So it is involved in both the basic emotions such as pain, pleasure, fear, disgust, surprise, and anger but also in social emotions, viz., shame, guilt, love, embarrassment, envy, jealousy, and pride.

In this state you can easily overcome problems and disregard distractions. Being in flow on auto-pilot results in single-minded focus and joy that comes from losing yourself in productive activity. Trivial issues don't slow you down when you are actively engaged and living creatively.

The amygdala plays a central role in generating fear in response to external threats. The amygdala receives sensory information from two separate pathways: a short route and a long route.

Like all sensory information, the message is first routed to the thalamus. Then information is sent directly to the amygdala (short route), which produces a fast reaction to the situation. Other information travels from the thalamus through the cortex (visual, auditory, prefrontal, etc.) and then to the amygdala (long route). The cortex evaluates the situation, assigns it a meaning, and if the meaning is threatening, then the amygdala is informed and produces the appropriate response.

Gay women and gay men are more likely to be left-handed.

The right amygdala is also linked with taking action as well as being linked to negative emotions, which may help explain why males tend to respond to emotionally stressful stimuli physically.  The left amygdala allows for the recall of details, but it also results in more thought rather than action in response to emotionally stressful stimuli, which may explain the lack of physical response in women.  Yet women want to join the army commando unit , right?

The amygdala memory is consolidated during the REM sleep.  EEG reflects neuronal activities only in the cerebral cortex, not the deep brain areas such as the hippocampus and amygdala .

The amygdala is the emotion and threat recognition centre of the brain. During REM, the sleep state immediately adjacent to an episode of sleep paralysis, the amygdala is very active.  Bursts of activity from the brainstem pass through the thalamus, which passes activity onto the amygdala.

Wanna know what is REM?

Punch into Google search-

THE DREAMER AND REM SLEEP, THE WITNESS AND TURIYA  VADAKAYIL



Gamma-Amino Butyric acid (GABA) is an amino acid which acts as a neurotransmitter in the central nervous system.


Astanga Yoga increases  our GABA levels , which reduces stress.  GABA levels and mood are positively affected by yoga practice. Low levels of GABA are linked to depression and anxiety.


GABA is the major neurotransmitters in the central nervous system, and especially in the cerebral cortex, which is where thinking occurs and sensations are interpreted.



GABA is made in brain cells from glutamate, and functions as an inhibitory neurotransmitter – meaning that it blocks nerve impulses.  Glutamate acts as an excitatory neurotransmitter and when bound to adjacent cells encourages them to “fire” and send a nerve impulse. GABA does the opposite and tells the adjoining cells not to “fire”, not to send an impulse.

Without GABA, nerve cells fire too often and too easily.  Anxiety disorders such as panic attacks, seizure disorders, and numerous other conditions including addiction, headaches, Parkinson's syndrome, and cognitive impairment are all related to low GABA activity.  

The less GABA, the more nerve transmissions occur. Depressed and bipolar patients to have lower levels of GABA in their blood plasma.

 So --  anybody for Ashtanga Yoga?


Let me share  a secret , on how to stimulate the amygdala.  

This BOKOMA instrument was used in ancient Vedic times to find out what type of Ayurvedic Shirodhara you need.  

It also “releases” your locked up mind.  


When the amygdala gets stimulated you will GIGGLE.



Wanna try it?
********************************************************************
FOOD SECURITY BILL , DESTROYING MINDSETS OF PHYSICALLY AND MENTALLY HEALTHY YOUNG INDIANS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
GIVING A POOR MAN FREE FISH DAILY RATHER THAN TEACHING HIM HOW TO FISH ,   IMMORAL DESTRUCTION OF INDIAN  HUMAN SPIRIT  BY A FOREIGN EMPRESS –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




I have been a leader of men for more than three decades.   

I need to put my piece about the Food Security Bill pushed through in great haste  by the Indian Parliament yesterday.

Very soon the Aadhar card will be hooked on – just wait and see.

One fine day the Indian will know that he cannot eat, cook, travel, remove money from ATM, communicate , stay in a hotel , buy household articles , get treated in hospitals etc without this vested Aadhar card.

Big Brother can switch your life off—like how a mobile telephone company can switch off your account quoting lack of funds.

Big brother will even know when you stand on the planet . He will know your blood group. If he wants a kidney he will know what to do.   This is called putting “ your balls in a vice”—for squeezing at will.

When the white Christian man conquered foreign lands , he had a vulgar and most foul method. Instead of killing the local natives in prolonged battles  and spilling own blood for decades ,  he found it was easier to kill with kindness , also known as destroying human spirit , mindset and resilience. .

Something  like giving tigers free food in zoos—see how kind we are.  

And after some time they lose their skills and cannot hunt anymore in the wild, and now they are totally dependant of breakfast , lunch and dinner to some foreign type animal who stands on two legs..  



Above:  we tigers get free food -- we are so grateful !!  such a useless tiger will be chased by a pretender cat.



Then the four legged animals has NO choice but to stand on two legs on command.



Yes this is how the Red Indian of America, the Aborigine of Australia were done in.  




The mindsets of the young native was destroyed and his DNA re-programmed for servility . 



Above : We get free food -- why study?  why work?  see our white government is so kind !!

They were put in nice reservations with free food and booze.   They learnt this foul method from Vatican who did the same to Goan Catholics using Francis Xavier.  

Goan Catholics were given free food and Feni .  With destroyed mindsets and re-programmed DNA, even after becoming free for more than half a century , none of the Catholic youngsters of Goa can pass the IIT entrance exam.

Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL 



I remember giving my Chief Engineer ( an ex-shipmate ) a lecture on mindsets.

When we did our Second Mate’s , Mate’s and Masters exams , we did NOT ask our parents for money.   This MINDSET advise was given to us by our seniors.  And we passed on this message to our juniors.

My ex-Chief Engineer’s son was spending his father’s money when he got down for his Second Mate’s in England. 

So I went to his house and told my sailor friend and his wife. “ You are destroying your son’s mindset by sending him money, for easy life .  His batch mates who run out of money have taken up part time jobs in England ”.

So my friend replied back, and I knew for sure it was lame bull from his body language “ He once got mugged and that is why we don’t want his to travel to any workplace”.

Even today his son is a Second Mate ( a two striper ) . He passed this exam after several attempts.  Today all his batch mates are senior ship captains— he is still a Second mate.

What a disgrace !!.

When I was appearing for my Mate’s exam, we were all standing in queue at Mumbai exam hall.
One of my batch mates who had not seen me for 5 years standing at the tail of the queue shouted “ Ajit, well prepared? ”.

I turned back smiled and shouted back “ Saala, hum fail hoyega , toh kaun pass hoyega!! “ (Meaning: Buddy,  if I fail, who will pass?”).

Later when we got back to the club in the evening , another friend told me “ There were a lot of guys who became your instant enemies , because of your cocky statement. These guys have failed multiple times ”.

Was I being cocky or did my mindset show through? 

Well I said before that I was a leader of men for more than 3 decades.  A leader is NOT a manager, as human spirit is involved .   Men are lead, inventories are managed.  

I guess an illiterate waitress will know nothing of this abstract thing called SPIRIT.

Punch into Google search-

BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP VADAKAYIL


According to a study by United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) in 2009, India  loses 21 million tonnes of vegetables and 12 million tonnes of fruits every year.  Reason, lack of cold storage facilities.

Who has prevented the Congress party from providing these storage facilities— as they were in power almost all the time since independence .  

This was the lame reason the Queen Bee quoted for calling in FDI in multi brand retail.

Madame , did  we stop you? 

Of course we could NOT stop you from giving 10 billion Euros as charity to Italy Zone—nay –Euro zone, so that they can drink premium wine,  when the women in India defecate in open spaces.

India’s premier warehousing agency, Food Corporation of India itself admits India lost 79 million tonnes, or nine percent of total wheat produced over a four-year period from 2009 to 2013.  And that’s 13% of our Gross Domestic Product (GDP) being wasted due to limitations of our storage and supply chains.



Madame , did we stop your congress party from building FCI godowns which do NOT cost anything to build?



Of course now we Indian get the privilege of eating toxic GM grains imported from abroad —because all our own stored grains got spoilt in rain on open fields , right?

Punch into Google search -
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA AJIT VADAKAYIL

And Madame, your family sponsors from abroad also exchanged our good humped Indian Vedic cows with useless Jersey humpless cows which give lot of toxic milk.

And for this your Congress party wanted to give a fellow Christian Varghese Kurian the Bharat Ratna , for being the  MILKMAN OF INDIA , right?

Punch into Google search-

NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS  VADAKAYIL

And Madame, what about our indigenous vegetable oil industry?

Your family has made sure we Indian get only IMPORTED toxic vegetable oils, in FDI stores , and even local kirana stores , right?

Punch into Google search-

COCONUT OIL IS GOOD FOR COOKING , IGNORE THE VESTED PROPAGANDA VADAKAYIL

According to the Food Security Bill, India will need 60 – 61 million tons of grain to feed people who will be eligible for assistance. This means food subsidies will increase to about 19 billionUS dollars in the first year of implementation.  And all this if our monsoons hold.

When monsoons fail India will be taken hostage by your friends in foreign countries, right?  Already HAARP is playing around with Indian monsoons.

How about a legislation will  allows farmers to profit economically and grow autonomous, instead of forcing them to further depend further on the state ruled by desh drohis , who are on the payroll of foreign forces . 

Will the government not be doing better  to provide market incentives and not charitable hand-outs, like for animals in a zoo?. 

Madame, we all know who your SLIMY  speech writer is,  whose pages are full of useless rhetoric, which you  read out like a school girl.  

Have you seen any other Indian politician read out from pieces of paper, like you?   Rack your Italian brain,  may be you can think of at least one?

This bill may be politically beneficial for India’s ruling party, but will prove detrimental to the country’s poor and mother India herself..

We know that this food security bill is your PET PROJECT and you have been issuing fatwas. What type of democracy are we in where the ruling party is run by a Italian dictator with zilch inner party democracy?
  


As the head  of the National Advisory Council (NAC) which drafted the bill, you know that the bill can be pushed through parliament, just before elections, right?  For it would be political suicide for any political party to reject the bill when the mood in the country is volatile .  Screw India-- must win the election, right?

Grain imports come cheap thanks to the heavy subsidies the vested West offers its  farmers and agribusinesses.  The Indian farmer thus has NO  chance of competing cheap GM food imports. India’s commitment to the WTO prevents it from raising its Minimum Support Price to farmers by a high margin.  

With a view to ensuring food security, therefore, the ‘G33’ group of countries at the WTO — in which India has played a leadership role — has sought an exception to this rule.  If the G33’s proposal were to be accepted, developing countries would retain the right to pay most of their farmers “above the market” (ATM) rates for procuring and stockpiling food grain.

The unaccountable queen bee remote controlled  UPA is yet to pay market rates,leave alone above them,  to farmers from whom it buys grain.  For all its claims to make food security a priority, the government’s Minimum Support Prices for farmers in recent years have been way below those prevailing in the open market.

More producers of grain ( farmers ) have committed suicide in india , recently than hungry people , right? 

The very low prices of the subsidized food will distort the market and farmers who can’t sell to the government-assured program will lose out on the open market because prices will be forced down. Are you sure that more farmers will NOT commit suicide driven by the foul bill?

India cannot give incentives to her farmers without falling foul of its international commitments.  If it still goes ahead, the vested West is entitled to retaliate with crippling trade countermeasures. 

Unless developed countries agree to cut their agro-subsidies, India will also see cheap food imports muscling domestic farmers out of business.

What does this deadly combination of factors mean for the long-term viability of the Food Security Ordinance?  

Frankly, who cares? 


For the nervous waitress , her entire future lies between today and the elections in May, 2014. She knows this is her last chance before being kicked back to Italy .

The issue of farming subsidies is particularly crucial in the context of the Indo-EU Free Trade Agreement (FTA).  Under the FTA, trade tariffs for agricultural products will be brought down dramatically. 

Once the floodgates open, toxic GM food and toxic A1 dairy products from Europe — that have long enjoyed the EU’s political patronage — will easily displace the indigenous market, severely denting our agrarian sector.  

But before the FTA is inked into existence, India should incorporate safeguards for its farmers, at least keeping food security in mind.  Unless the food security bill is to ensure food imports from big brother.

If our farmers stand no chance against the massive production capacity of agri-businesses in Europe, the government can kiss self-sufficiency in food  goodbye.   

Right now the whole world is jealous of India as we waste 30% food grains,  but still manages to feed 1.3 billion Indians.   Today USA cannot impose sanctions against India as we are self sufficient in food and almost everything else— like what PM Vajpayee told in Lok Sabha after the nuclear tests.

“It is your design to not end poverty. This is not a Food Security Bill. This is a Vote Security Bill.  This is a gamechanger bill ”  an enraged  Murli Manohar Joshi  told the queen bee in Parliament.

In the current PDS system, there is at least 30 percent leakage which leads to black marketing.

The foreign funded Christian missionaries are very happy , poor people means  easy for soul harvesting —and even Rothschild controlled communists,  poor people vote for communists.  Every Communist revolution on this planet has been funded by Jew Rothschild.

Sushma Swaraj has asked for an amendment to Clause 38 of the Food Security bill, as the clause has been loosely worded , to give all powers to the central government but puts the responsibility and liability on the state governments.

The Rs 1.65 lakh crore subsidy bill will only increase in future, with increase of fuel costs.


Now let me digress back to destroying the mindset of a mentally and physically fit young man by giving him free food.

Mindsets are beliefs—beliefs about yourself and your most basic qualities. Even happiness has to do with your mindset,  not with outside circumstance.   

Look like our yuv-raj Akkal Ka Dushman converted this to “ Happiness is a state of mind”.  

"State of mind" and "mindset" are like chalk and cheese.    Lekin yeh tera bheja mein kaisa ghusaaun?  

After 4 decades at sea , today I stand proud, for the seas I have sailed,  the storms I have weathered, for the young sailors I have mentored,   new trails I have blazed , bridges I have burnt behind me, , the battles I've won with my mindless bosses  and for the examples I've set,  but most importantly, for the person I have become.  I like who I am now,  finally, at peace with mEself.

I introduced mentoring to my company long ago, when it was still a concept.

Punch into Google search-

MENTORING AT SEA VADAKAYIL

Mankind has made history by a simple change of mindset--  to an empowered reality of purpose-driven living. The mind is a very potent powerful weapon which can pulverize all obstacles.
For a mentally and physically fit young man , doing nothing with free food from the government  is always a low risk option.  To avoid having a car accident, don’t go for work—sit at home and pray.     
Resilience is the ability to work with adversity in such a way that one comes through it unharmed or even better for the experience.  It  means facing life’s difficulties with courage and patience – refusing to give up.  

It is the quality of character that allows a person or group of people rebound from misfortune, hardships and traumas.   

Just see our  prince  in waiting for PM’s chair. He is resting on his batoota,  going only to remote villages to impress small illiterate children dripping from their noses, just for the camera —lest he gets branded as a bhoondhu..

Once in a while he will gives astonishing pearls of wisdom like  “ POLITICS IS IN YOU PANTS, POLITICS IS IN YOUR SHIRT” .

To see this shocking video , punch into Google search-

IS RAHUL GANDHI FIT TO BE PRIME MINISTER VADAKAYIL

What is the difference between an obstacle and an opportunity?   Just our attitude toward it.  Every opportunity has a difficulty, and every difficulty has an opportunity.  A positive attitude may not solve all our problems but that is the only option we have if we want to get out of problems. 

Resilience is rooted in a tenacity of spirit — a determination to embrace all that makes life worth living even in the face of overwhelming odds.   A tiger in the deep forest has more spirit than a poor fat tiger standing on two legs at command in the zoo or circus — just to ensure its dinner is secure.

Let me get back to the food security biil.

Like one of my readers that this bill is Bharat Barbadi Bill.

Since the waitress turned empress, she has being dividing India every which way. The whole idea is to get back to power in 2014 and place her dumbo son on the PM’s chair.

Man vs Woman, States for FDI vs States against FDI,  Hindu vs the rest , Haves vs Have nots etc. Her secularism is all about Hindu bashing.  The Hindu majority is always wrong.

The food security bill is not sustainable as it will have a big effect on fiscal deficit in coming years. .  If inclusion is to give free hand-outs to poor able bodied and able minded young Indians , it is not sustainable because the money to give that hand-out will come from the economy.

WHAT IS MORE IMPORTANT?   RIGHT TO FREE FOOD , OR RIGHT TO SECURE A WELL PAYING JOB?

Should not the waitress  focus on creating more jobs as the way to inclusion rather than free hand-outs.  Is it not better to create job opportunities for the poor to earn and live a dignified life?

Should not the waitress  focus on creating more jobs as the way to inclusion rather than free hand-outs.  Is it not better to create job opportunities for the poor to earn and live a dignified life?


Will eating few dry rotis or rice solve the ongoing malnutrition problem, where babies don’t have the immunity even to take vaccinations?  Should we NOT be winning the war against malnutrition by right to work and earning money?  


Since the waitress turned empress she has NEVER seen what is good for India. It was always a single minded purpose of how to cling on to the chair by foul methods. She knows nothing about modern economics . She does NOT know if it will weaken government finances and deteriorate macroeconomic situation.  

The bill's focus on rice and gluten filled GM wheat is mindless and does nothing to solve supply side constraints for vegetables, pulses and other protein items.  So the poor is entitled to kanjee and dry chappati, right?

She does NOT know that  this “vote security bill” pushed in immoral haste,  will raise government spending on food subsidies to more than 1.4 percent of GDP per year from an estimated 0.75 percent currently, eating into our weak finances, when defence hardware is crying for attention.



Free Food will motivate the poor to produce more children.  Are we paying taxes to prop up healthy beach bums?   

Driving the nation towards desperation is an old Rothschild controlled IMF method.  This is the way they put their stooge Manmohan Singh as Finance Minister using the Rajya Sabha back door.  “No loans unless our man is on the hot seat”.  

No nation on this planet has ever dared to give free food to its denizen, for fear of destroying human determination and resilience.. 

This bill was an example of the government living beyond its means with the sole personal agenda of putting the waitress’s son on the PM’s chair , threatening the financial well being of the country.  
The illiterate waitress  advised by her hand kissing and desh drohi coterie thinks that such a a populist measure that will garner the party a groundswell of support.  It won’t happen, if you have any idea how real economics works.. where the real terrain gets more value than the paper map.

It is well known that more than half of food grain from the Central stock does NOT reach the end consume, such is the corruption in the PDS ( Public distribution system )—and there is NIL transparency in this internet age and age of mobile phones and SMS. 


The waitress is 100% sure that in the 2014 elections she will be defeated and is now paving the way for BJP to commit suicide.  BJP has NOT opposed the food security bill, to prevent the people from branding them as anti-poor.  


BJP will now have NO moral right to criticize the queen bee if they fall flat on their collective faces after they come to power, for they too have voted for this "mother of all subsidies".



What has the Gandhi family run Congress done so far ever since we got independence?  Did we stop them from plugging gaping loopholes?

If we can plug these loopholes do we need a food security bill?

If we can stop the waste ( rotting in open space ) of 23 million tonnes of grain every year which can feed more than 30% of the population, do we need a food security bill?

Do you know how many ships it takes to carry 23 million tonnes of grain?  Even grain rich Australia does NOT produce the amount ( average ) we waste.

Who shall we give the prize to?

Oh I forgot-






The waitress turned empress and her akkal ka dushman son are both UNACCOUNTABLE.
********************************************************************
CHINESE REVOLUTION THE BIGGEST GENOCIDE ON PLANET EARTH , COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CHINESE JEWS WHO SUSTAINED ROTHSCHILD’S OPIUM TRADE AND COMMUNIST REVOLUTION,  INDIAN JEWS POSING AS CHITPAVAN BRAHMINS ,  OPIUM FUNDED SKULL AND BONES YALE UNIVERSITY BRANCH IN CHINA,  CLASSMATES OF MAO AT MOSCOW LENIN SCHOOL POL POT AND HO CHI MINH,  THE FAKE GREAT MARCH AND FAKE BATTLE AT LUNDING BRIDGE TO MAKE MAO TSE TUNG A LIVING LEGEND AND INSTANT HERO LIKE ROTHSCHILD STOOGES HERO STALIN AND HERO CHURCHILL ,   MAO’S FAKE LITTLE RED BOOK WRITTEN BY JEWS,  CHINESE JEWS ATTENDING BILDERBERG MEET,   ROTHSHILD’S GLOBAL WARMING HOAX SIDEKICK MAURICE F STRONG AND CHINAMAN DENG XIAOPING CONNECTION  VIA JEWESS ANNA LOUISE STRONG ,  

JEWS  WHO TRIGGERED AND SUSTAINED THE CHINESE COMMUNIST REVOLUTION    SIDNEY SHAPIRO    ISRAEL EPSTEIN    JACOB ROSENFELD    SIDNEY RITTENBERG     GRIGORI N VOITINSKY THE AGENT OF TROTSKY     MIKHAIL MARKOVICH BORODIN     EDWARD ISAAC EZRA     ADOLF ABRAMOVITCH JOFFE    INDIAN OPIUM KINGPIN SASSOON     SOLOMON ADLER    HARRY DEXTER WHITE     MORRIS COHEN     DAVID DEAN BARRETT        VIRGINIUS FRANK COE      MARK GAYNE      NATHAN GREGORY SILVERMASTER      MANFRED STERN      RICHARD SORGE      EVA SANDBERG      MICHAEL GREENBERG       NOEL S JACOBS     MENDEL BROWN      HENRY LUCE      CHARLES JONES SOONG       CRYPTO JEW OWEN LATTIMORE       LAUCHLIN BERNARD CURRIE

CALICUT JEWS MIGRATION TO CHINA VIA ADMIRAL ZHENG HE SHIPS IN 1433 AD,  JEWISH MASONRY BNAI BRITH,  5 POINTED RED STAR AND 5 ROTHSCHILD BROTHERS,  FREEMASONS SUN YAT SEN AND CHIANG KAI SHEK,  ROTHSCHILD’S OPIUM AGENT SOONG FAMILY WHO CONTROLLED THE LAST EMPEROR,   FRENCH ROTHSCHILD EDUCATED CHINESE PERESTROIKA STOOGE DENG XIAOPING,  COMMUNISM A ROTHSCHILD CREATION ,  INDIAN COMMUNIST FOUNDER MN ROY AND HIS JEWISH WIFE EVEYLN TRENT ,  PERESTROIKA TRIGGER MEN DENG AND GORBACHEV TIME MAGAZINE’S MEN OF THE YEAR TWICE -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




To get a hang of what I plan to write in this post, you must first see a video movie— about Rothschild’s communist revolutions all over the world.

Watch the video on "Youtube mode"  by clicking on Youtube at bottom right hand side.  MAKE SURE YOU TURN ON THE ENGLISH SUBTITLES ( CAPTIONS, the first button on right hand side bottom of the Youtube video  )



Communism requires that all means of production be controlled by the Jewish BIG BROTHER remote controlled state.  In other words, no one can own his or her own business or produce his or her own goods because the state owns everything.

In the novel Animal farm, Snowball is chased out of the farm by PIG Napoleon’s vicious guard dogs.  After that Napoleon blames his erstwhile colleague and hatchet man Snowball for all the problems on the farm,  and he alludes that Snowball was a Jones stooge .

Snowball had fought bravely at the Battle of Cowshed. Now all are brainwashed into believing that he was a double agent , actually fighting for  Jones and the shot wounds he sustained are made out to be wounds Napoleon inflicted on him. Those accused of supporting Snowball are purged and executed after being forced to confess , and a reward is offered for Snowball’s capture.

Napoleon takes nine puppies from their parents and begins raising them himself with ulterior motives.  No one knows exactly what he is doing until the dogs suddenly appear,  fully grown, to chase Snowball off the farm. 

After Snowball is exiled, Napoleon is in complete dictatorial control of the farm—no more charades.  He speaks relatively little because he has Squealer do all his speaking for him.  He eliminates all chance of open protest when he bans public meetings,  saying that it is better if things are decided by committees, which will be presided over by Napoleon himself.  In general his public image is very tightly controlled.
  
Later Napoleon rarely appeared in public, but spent all his time as the unseen monarch in the farmhouse, which was guarded at each door by fierce-looking dogs.  When he did emerge, it was in a pompous ceremonial manner, with an escort of six dogs who closely surrounded him and growled viciously if anyone ventured too close.

Napoleon protects himself on all fronts and loopholes.  With the help of Squealer and the other pigs, he re-writes history,  turning Snowball into a villain, and increasing his own zilch role in the Rebellion.  He relies on the gullibility of the strongest animals, like Boxer the horse, and the apathy of the wisest, like Benjamin the donkey. When anyone questions Napoleon's cooked up version of history,  he has a herd of sheep chant loudly over their protests, drowing it out.

Napoleon is Rothschild stooge STALIN / MAO -- General Secretary of the Communist Party. Masters  of manipulation and a spin doctors of the highest pedigree. They would  pull strings from behind the scenes. The dogs are KGB and secret police.

to ensure his own vice grip on power, Napoleon uses his attack dogs to get rid of every opposition by force. At the same time that he quiets dissent and manufactures his public image through Squealer and the bleating sheep.  One of the biggest parallels between Napoleon and

Stalin has to do with the way Animal Farm’s productivity slumps off while Napoleon is in control.  He decides to fill the granaries with sand to hide the smaller harvest.  This episode is an allusion to how Stalin disrupted agricultural production with his Five-Year-Plans (begun in 1928). When the Plans resulted in widespread famine across Russia, Stalin did his best to conceal coverage of the famines and to make it look like Russia was doing as well as before.

Napoleon’s was cunning and shrewd.  Animal Farm is a machine that runs according to PIG Napoleon’s iron will.

We get hints of Napoleon’s ruthless Stalin type nature long before it erupts into full force. The first comes when he unleashes the dogs on Snowball, and they chase him out of the farm. The second comes when Napoleon squashes the hen rebellion by cutting off their food rations, causing a number of hens to die of starvation. But nothing measures up to what he does next.

Napoleon begins to demand that various animals come forward and make false confessions before the group.  He gets rid of anyone that had the power and means to contradict him, and after they reveal themselves as traitors, “the dogs promptly tore their throats out” . In this way,

 Napoleon knocks off the four pigs who sometimes agreed to disagree with him, and the hens who acted as ringleaders in the rebellion.

Quote” And so the tale of confessions and executions went on, until there was a pile of corpses lying before Napoleon’s feet and the air was heavy with the smell of blood, which had been unknown there since the time of Jones “ Unquote.

The violence that erupts mid-way through Orwell’s "Fairy Tale," is an allusion to the Great Purge, also known as the Great Red Terror, which was overseen by Stalin in the late 1930s. Pig Napoleon’s methods mirror Stalin’s own quite closely.

Some people would just disappear; others were sent to the Gulag prison camps; others were arm twisted ( by kidnapping their children ) to discredit themselves publicly by confessing to crimes they had never committed.  All of these extreme methods were ways for Stalin to consolidate his power, to make sure that his position was unshakeable.

What is so diabolical about Napoleon’s method is that he forces such animals to tell lies about themselves before they die.  And dead men nay animals tell no tales. By robbing their right to free speech, he forces the animals to essentially kill any public respect or self respect they might have had.

Both Napoleon and Stalin were dictators.  Fuelled and driven by paranoia  cum sheer love for violence.

To make sure all of this floats with the other animals, Napoleon cleverly keeps doctoring the Commandments to make them say what he wants them to say.  Squealer explains that the commandment didn’t say that you couldn’t sleep in a bed, only that you couldn’t sleep in a bed with sheets.  Similarly, the commandment forbidding alcohol later forbids drinking alcohol to excess. 

Meanwhile, Napoleon denounces all the grand social dreams that gave birth to the idea of Animal Farm.  He tells the other animals: “the truest happiness lay in working hard and living frugally” . In other words, Napoleon has taken the idea of prosperous living and kept it all for himself.  Everyone else is out on their own.

It’s clear that Napoleon has made a mockery of Old Major’s ideas in the same way that Stalin made a mockery of Karl Marx’s ideas. The "worker's state" that actually existed under Stalin was more like a horrible, dark parody of what Marx thought a communist state would be.

In fact, it looked a whole lot like fascism  (theoretically the opposite of communism).  

What Orwell seems to be saying with Napoleon the pig ( Stalin / Mao ) is this: "Hey Jew Marx, didn’t you notice how the French Revolution ended?"



Now , to get a hang of how Communist Red Revolutions work—

punch into Google search-

EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF HOLODOMOR , BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION, AND THE GULAG VADAKAYIL

By the way our foreign funded Indian TV channel NDTV has Prannoy Roy , whose mother is British.  His wife is Radhika Roy, sister of India’s famous Communist Brinda Karat.  

Brinda Karat s the sister of Prannoy Roy’s wife who runs desh drohi channel NDTV.   Prannoy Roy’s mother is British.   Arundhati Roy is Prannoy Roy's cousin.

How credible this Communist woman is can be gauged by her attempts to use her sister Radhika Roy’s TV channel NDTV ( Zionist Rupert Murcoh funded ) to accuse revered Yoga Guru Swami Ramdev mixing human body parts in his organic and Ayurvedic medicines..  

Brinda Karat’s husband is a Kerala Communist and General Secretary of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) since 2005.


 CPI(M)'s senior member of Politburo and Parliamentary Group Leader is Sitaram Yechury. Sitaram Yechury is married to Seema Chisthi formerly the Delhi editor of BBC.  Seema Chisthi is the Resident Editor of Indian Express
   
Our slimy Mani Shankar Aiyer , of the Queen Bee’s inner coterie , who keeps talking about unwalled frontiers quoting Tagore’s Gitanjali was an active member of Cambridge University Students Communist society.  

The founder of the Indian Communist party MN Roy ( Naren Bhattacharya ) has a SECRET Jewish wife Evelyn Trent .  

I will let these skeletons lie at peace in the dusty cupboard, and will reveal more only if matters overflow through my nose.

Jews from Kerala were converted to sacred Brahmins by Rothschild.  Nobody ever heard of Chitpavan Brahmins three centuries ago. 

Thousands of Jews came to Calicut ( my hometown ) by ship when Roman started persecuting the Jews.  Jews have been persecuted all over the world , all the time , except in Kerala, my home state where they lived without fear , bindaas , openly.

Punch into Google search-
BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN VADAKAYIL

Else where , even in India, outside Kerala, Jews lived in secret and they are called Crypto Jews.
Tolerant Kerala even today does NOT know Hindu Muslim riots. 

When  Indira Gandhi was killed Sikhs were safe only in Kerala.  Taking advantage of this a few Sikhs staying in Calicut WHEAT HOUSE got drunk and started bursting crackers and were generally being a nuisance .  

Only at that time the local Malayali Hindu and Muslim shopkeepers went and told “ You break ONE more cracker ,  we will lift you and place you in the evening train to Punjab, handcuffed to your train seats  “.  That made them see sense.  


None of these shopkeepers were supporters of Indira .  Indira Gandhi's fate was sealed the moment she nationalized the Indian banks. Sikhs were mere pawns in a game , they did NOT have the perception to comprehend.

A lot of Jews went to China on Admiral Zheng He’s ships in 1433 AD.

Punch into Google search-

CHINESE ADMIRAL ZHENG HE IN CALICUT VADAKAYIL

They lived in China as crypto Jews. 

These are the Jews who assisted Rothschild in his opium drug business. 

Rothschild  grew opium in India and sold it in China for enormous profits. 

The Indian agents for Rothschild’s opium drug business included (super rich at time of Independence in 1947) , Tata,  Birla,  Dalmia,  JK , Tagore's grandfather, Raja Ram Mohan Roy etc.    Rothschild blood drug runner David Sassoon had his connections in China.

Admiral Zheng He was a Chinese Muslim, yet he gave space on his junk ships to these Kerala Jews who carried with them a shipload of Calico cotton as present for the Chinese Emperor to soften him up,  with the promise that more expensive presents will come.  These Jews lived in secret as crypto Jews in China.


  Above:  Zheng He's ship and Christopher Columbus's ship Santa Maria in size comparison.

By way, when I go for weddings I wear a white “double mundu “ – the finest of hand woven Calico cloth with gold threading .  Kerala weavers have been weaving this for more than  6000 years. 



Above:  When Admiral Zheng He's fleet first arrived in Calicut 600 years go, the local people of Calicut got terrified-- as there was NO horizon..  He died in Calicut and was buried there . 

There is propaganda that the Jews also went by overland route. This is impossible considering the hard  terrain.  By the time they reached NE China ,  the Jewish women would be taken as whores and the men as slaves.

Now about Rothschild’s creation, our own crypto Jews , the Chitpavan Brahmins.   These Jews were from Calicut (  Bene Israeli run Joota Angadi , which is still named after them ) .  They sold black fish frying ware which even today is called CHEENA CHATTI.   

If a Calicut Malayali does NOT know about Cheena Chatti ( frying pan from China ) , he is NOT from Calicut.

They were taken and dumped on the beach of Kolaba ,Konkan  on Rothschild’s British East India Company ship and told to pretend that they were ship wrecked .  When the locals found them on the water edge of the sea shore they called them chitpavan  in their dialect meaning “found on sea shore”.

After results of DNA analysis on Bene Israel linking them to a Jewish tribe were announced in the Times of India, about 15,000 of the 20,000 Bene Israel migrated back to Israel where they still dress in Indian clothes and play cricket. 

I have seen them in Tel Aviv , Ashod and Haifa. 

A girl used to visit my ship hoping to get an Indian sailor husband, and she used to come to my cabin every time, coming along with the Jew agent ,  in whose agency she worked.  She sorely missed India  and Mumbai in particular.

One day I told the attractive girl in her face  “ What you want to leave the promised land, the land of the chosen people , the land of milk and honey ? ”  By the way Madhuri Dixit is Chitpavan.

BR Ambedkar the stooge of Rothschild married a Chitpavan Brahmin though he hated all Brahmins.

Rothchild made sure that the Chitpavan brahmins were sponsored by scholarships and became lawyers, judges , professors , journalists , high ranking administrators .

Social reformed Maharishi Karve was Chitpavan.  Historian and media owner Bal Gangadhara Tilak was Chitpavan.  I know this will surprise 99.99% Indians.   


Let me digress-

The Government of India awarded Chitpavan Brahmin Maharishi Dhondo Keshav Karve its highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna, in 1958.  

In 1920, Rothschild agent and  industrialist from Mumbai, SIR Vithaldas Thackersey, donated Karve's university 15 lakhs Indian rupees— an ASTRONOMICAL  sum in those days—and the university was then renamed Shreemati Nāthibāi Dāmodar Thāckersey (SNDT) Indian Women’s University.

Bharat Ratna was given to Maharshi Dhondo Keshav Karve, because he worked overtime to provide shelter to destitute Indian women.

In1929, Karve was sponsored by Rothschild on a 15 month world tour. EVR Periyar was also given such a conducted world tour, but only where Tamils existed.  

Karve met prominent  European and American Jews all over the world.  



Above: German Jew Albert Einstein with Chitpavan Brahmin Maharishi Karve.   Maharishi is NOT a title which can be given by the British to mere mortals. 

In England he was facilitated at Rothschild’s India Association at Caxton Hall, London.  He went to Switzerland , Germany, USA, Japan, During a subsequent tour of America, Karve lectured at various forums on women's education and social reforms in India. 

He also visited the Women's University in Tokyo. 

He returned to India in April 1930.  

With a few months he was sent again to Africa for another 15 month tour wherever Indian indentured labour existed-  Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Zanzibar, Portuguese East Africa, South Africa etc.


Durga Bhagwat ( one of the most respected women of integrity in India ) has written a damning indictment of Maharishi Karve, alleging that he--

-- “ preyed on young attractive women who were vulnerable, facing hard times, and tried to put them under debt of gratitude so that they would be drawn into his coterie for life, looking heartlessly upon them as possible recruits in his social mission “. 



Durga was a real Durga as she had refused to accept bullsh#it honors like Padma Shree and Jnanapeeth.  She was a very attractive woman in her young age-- never married.

But Tilak was the man who pushed the story that the white man wrote our Vedas and Aryan invasion was inwards .  Read his book “ Artic home of the Vedas “   written in conjunction with German Jew and historian Max Muller, while he was in jail ( sic!).

Chitpavan brahmin Justice Ranade was the founding member of Indian National Congress the stooge organization of Rothschild – all filled with pseudo freedom fighters.  


Y chromosome of Chitpavan brahmins contains a Cohenim haplotype unique to Rabbis.

Veer Vinayak Savarkar in a statement issued on 19 December 1947,  dancing to Rothschild’s tune, expressed joy at the recognition of the claim of Jewish people to establish an independent Jewish state, and likened the event to the glorious day on which Moses led them out of Egyptian bondage. 

Veer Vinayak Savarkar considered that justice demanded restoration of entire Palestine to the Jews, their historical holy land and fatherland.  He regretted India's vote at the United Nations Organisation against the creation of the Jewish state terming it a policy of appeasement of Muslims.

Rothschild stooge Gandhi chapter was also ended by a chitpavan brahmin, Naturam Godse.  Veer Vinayak Savarkar on a plea bargain with Rothschild was also a chitpavan Brahmin.  Gandhi was handled by Churchill whose mother Jenny Jerome is Rothschild.


Vaman Sivaram Apte the Sanskrit scholar who had access to our original Sanskrit Hindu scriptures  and Shivram Mahadev Paranjape the editor of Marathi weekly kaal were chitpavan brahmins.

These Indian Bene Israel party who went skippety skip to the promised land faced severe racial discrimination , just because their skin was darker.  In the Indian Parliament, a debate upon discrimination against Indian Jews in Israel took place .  

On Sept. 8, 1952, a statement of the Indian deputy minister for external affairs, Shri Anil R. Chanda, was read in answer to a question in the Indian Council of States in New Delhi, as follows: "The government of India has received complaints from some Indian Jews who had returned from Israel that there was discrimination against them on account of their color. The government has not verified any of these complaints, and in any event, such individual complaints do not justify a general statement that there is a color bar in Israel."  

 Although the Chief Rabbinate had laid down in essence that "the sect of the Bene Israel in India is of the seed of the House of Israel without any doubt," several rabbis in Israel refused to marry Bene Israel to other Jews.  

On Oct. 18, 1962, the council of the Chief Rabbinate decided that marriage with Bene Israel is permissible. However, the rabbi registering the marriage was bound to investigate, as far back as three generations at least, the maternal ancestry of every applicant of the Bene Israel, man or woman, wishing to marry outside the community, in order to establish to what extent there were not intermixed in the family persons who were non-Jews or proselytes.

The prime minister, Levi Eshkol, issued a statement in 1964 after a general strike by Bene Israelis  claiming racial profiling  --"the government of Israel reiterates that it regards the community of the Bene Israel from India as Jews in every respect, without any restriction or distinction, equal in their rights to all other Jews in every matter, including matters of matrimony."

As a result of natural increase, the Bene Israel in Israel number over 50,000. They tend to live in well-defined ghetto type communities such as Dimona, Ashdod, Yeruḥam, Kiryat Gat, and Lydda (Lod). There are large communities in Ashkelon, Beersheba, Ramleh, and Kiryat Ata. Mon.  A Marathi quarterly called Mai Bolli has been published in Israel since 1989.

"Hagada" indicates that Judaism can only be transmitted to children of a mixed marriage through the mother, that is to say, when the mother is a Jewess.  But this orthodox "Hagada" law has been over ruled by many Israelite communities, the reformists among others, who also accept as Jews the children of Jewish father and a Gentile mother.

Several Bene Israel have received Padma Shri, one of the highest awards of the Government of India,
Examples –
(1) Dr. (Miss) Jerusha Jacob Jhirad, in 1966, for  gynecology
(2) Mr. David Abraham Cheulkar, in 1969, for  films
(3) Dr. Reuben David Dandekar, in 1975,  as superintendent of the Ahmedabad Zoo.
(4)  Mr. Ezra Mir, in 1970, for  films  
(5) Vice Admiral Benjamin Abraham Samson,  Commandant of the Indian Defense Academy.

How come you and me can never get Padma Shri's for such motley fields? 

What is the catch?

The British loved Indian pseudo freedom fighters like Ahimsa man Gandhi who would only bark and never bite like real patriots  Bose,  Bhagat Singh,  Bagha Jatin etc.   

If our Indian soldiers only talk big at the border, “ hamien dekna hai , mein yeh kar doonga, main who kar doonga,  main tera ghaand phad doonga  “  how can we win a war?



Wanna know more about INC Rothschild stooges ?       

Punch into Google search-

SURENDRANATH BANNERJEE GETS KNIGHTED FOR HELPING BRITISH WITH DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL

Ranade was the mentor of Chitpavan Brahmin Gopal Krishna Gokhale , the Rothschild stooge who imported Gandhi from South Africa to sit on the driver’s seat of Indian Freedom struggle. Gandhi was made an instant hero in South Africa by such tales of Gandhi defying the whites ,  getting kicked out from a railway train etc.  

A soon as Gandhi came to India he was sent on a long railway trip across the length and breadth of India. Rothschild made sure he got plenty media coverage , as they monopolized the world media.  

At every railway station Rothschild arranged a huge reception party with screaming and cheering crowds holding marigold garlands.   

Then Gandhi suddenly proposed his STRANGE brand of ahimsa , where it is OK to kill the Germans but NOT the evil ruling British, pissing off patriots like Bose .  

1.11 lakh Indian soldiers died in WW1 and 2.43 lakh Indian soldiers died in WW2 just to create Rothschild’s state of Israel for the Jews.

Later this long Gandhian journey by train, would be translated in China as THE LONG MARCH of Mao Tse Tung – a fake story, which converted  Rothschild stooge Mao into a living legend.

An unsolicited  series, entitled Revelations on the Jews' superior intelligence, was launched by the Jews in 1995.  To this Capt Vadakayil says NONSENSE –  this is fuc#in’ bullsh#t.

It is the Jew’s immoral shrewdness and inherent cunningness which took him places.  

Rothschild monopolized all “peer reviewed magazines” , scientific journals and “patent granting houses”.   

They would reject valuable works and then wait for the author or inventor to die ( or be killed ), and then this valuable work would crop up as Jewish original invention or discovery, later.  

To cock a snook at Serbian Nikola Tesla,  JP Morgan the agent of Rothschild gave free patents to Thomas Alva Edison.


Wanna know hoe Edison became the greatest inventor?   

Just because he had a fight with super genius Nikola Tesla, who refused to give Rothschild’s agent Crypto Jew JP Morgan , the secrets of SCALAR STAR WARS and FREE ENERGY.

Edison was given free patents –

Examples?

U.S. Patent D040,527 -- Design for a Phonograph-Cabinet
U.S. Patent D042,934 -- Design for a Cabinet
U.S. Patent D066,227 -- Design for a Grille for Phonograph Cabinets
U.S. Patent D066,228 -- Design for a Grille for Phonograph Cabinets
U.S. Patent D069,068 -- Design for a Phonograph Cabinet
U.S. Patent D069,688 -- Design for a Phonograph Cabinet
U.S. Patent D069,689 -- Design for a Phonograph Cabinet
U.S. Patent 1,908,830 -- Holder for Article to be Electroplated
U.S. Patent 1,644,670 – Cabinet
U.S. Patent 0,861,242 -- Can or Receptacle for Storage Batteries
U.S. Patent 0,754,858 -- Storage-Battery Tray

Hey, how come you and me will NOT get US science patents for carpentry and woodwork?

Punch into Google search--


EDISON, ACE DELEGATOR CUM PATENT COLLECTOR VADAKAYIL



Wanna know about some eminent Indians whose works were stolen by the Jews —who went on to win Nobel prizes?

Punch into Google search-

DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE VULGAR RACISM  VADAKAYIL


The Chinese historically called the Jews Tiao jin jiao,  or the people who removes the sinew.  The Jewish historians have tried to whitewash this as “ their practice of removing the sciatic nerve”—but hullo — this term is derogatory,  like the Jew who takes his pound of flesh or who cuts throats.

In China, the term 'Jew' or 'Youtai', is a symbol for money, deviousness and extreme meanness.
The chink Jew Xu Xin, Director of the Center for Judaic Studies at Nanjing University, has gone futher and called themselves "Chosen people, endowed by God, and contented with their lives and work" .

SNIFF !!

Genghis Khan from Hindu ancestors called both Jews and Muslims Huihui  calling the Jews Zhuhu Huihui . He banned both Jews and Muslims from practicing Kosher and Halal preparation of their food, calling both of them "slaves" and banned them from practicing circumcision.

Today you find the moronic Pakistani Imran Khan types feeling very proud of being Khans, and getting wind in their dang heads.   Genghis Khan was NOT a Muslim.   He attacked Muslims and Jews.  He left the richest country in the world India alone .  At that time , India was the only country which had unlimited diamonds and gold .


In those days Kaifeng was the capital of China.  'Jewish' descendants in Kaifeng (Peen-lang or K'ai-Fung-Foo), where the Kerala Jews landed 600 years ago, have been given a monthly allowance from Beijing and have been freed from China's birth control policy of “one child only” .  So we have official sanction to build up a robust Jewish community in China.  What is this bullsh#t?


These Jews intermarried with Chinese women and taught their children the Jewish religion and prayers. A synagogue was built in Kaifeng .

The Jesuit Matteo Ricci The Italian Jesuit and one of the founding figures of the Jesuit China Mission, has recorded the presence of Jews in Kaifeng.  This same priest Matteo Ricci borrowed Calculus Malayalam texts from Calicut kings in 1580, never to return it.  Later the credit of inventing Calculus went to Isaac Newton.   He arrived in Goa, a Portuguese Colony, in September 1578.  Four years later, he travelled to  China.

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON  THE  CALCULUS  THIEF  VADAKAYIL

Illuminati Dr. Sun Yat-sen, founder of the Republic of China, was a great admirer of Jews . He said “ Zionism  is one of the greatest movements of the present time.  All lovers of democracy cannot help but support wholeheartedly and welcome with enthusiasm the movement to restore your wonderful and historic nation ( Israel ) , which has contributed so much to the civilization of the world and which rightfully deserve an honorable place in the family of nations.”

Oh boy! 

SNIFF !!

Sun Yat-sen, the man who led the nationalist coalition that toppled the Qing in 1912, was a Triad member and was trained and armed in British Hong Kong.  Chiang Kai-shek was also a Triad member.

From 1845 to 1945 more than 41,000 Jews came to China for “business”.  Rothschild , the owner of British East India Company , grew opium in India and sold it in China , where all the distributors were Jewish, and their stooges.

After World War II , carving out of Israel and the establishment of the PRC in 1949, almost all these Jews emigrated to Israel or the West,  leaving behind only a few.

After Britain’s First Opium War (1839-1842) against China, the real power behind the Chinese Emperor was the Soong family who were agents of the opium sub-agent of Rothschild , Sassoon. 

Mind you, Rothschild gave the Queen of England her cut in opium trade —millions of pounds in those days—worth billions today. 

Sir Edward Albert Sassoon (1856 - 1912), the son of Albert Sasson , married Aline Caroline de Rothschild.  
Jew Edward Isaac Ezra who was born in Shanghai, China on 3 January 1882, was one of the Opium kingpins of China, with a widespread opium smuggling and distribution network . Even today there is a street named after him in China -Ezra Road. 

He controlled the media being the president and chairman of, the China Press and the Evening Star newspapers. Erza was related to the Jewish Sassoon family by marriage.

In 1900, Ezra also helped organise the Society for the Rescue of the Chinese Jews, which aimed at restoring Kaifeng Jews to orthodox Judaism. He was the president of the Shanghai Zionist Association from its founding in 1903.  Ezra was the vice-president of the Jewish Communal organisation of China, and vice-president of the Synagogue. 

Ezra was also illuninati and an active member Freemason  Lodge Saltoun, and attained the highest degrees in freemasonry. 

Edward Ezra’s brothers Judah and Isaac migtaed to San Francisco, from where they imported Opium from China to USA.   Wanna know how big the Opium cartel was in USA?

Punch into Google search-

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL

Rothschild was involved in funding the abdication of the last Chinese emperor after a lineage of 2000 years of imperial rule.

Emperor Puyi was a living god just aged 2 years and 10 months.

But just a few years later in 1912, as China boiled with revolution, his own adoptive mother, the Empress Dowager Longyu, signed abdication papers forcing him from the Dragon Throne.

She was bribed with 20,000 taels, or 1700lb, of silver, by Rothschild’s agents , and warned she might end up being beheaded if she refused.   The boy emperor went from emperor to gardener, and in his last years he hung a picture of himself with Chairman Mao on his bedstead.

The imperial court in the last days of the Qing dynasty was a shadow of its former self.  Britain with Rothschilds active help crushed the Qing in battle, carved out rich territories and extracted huge payments.

Starved of income, the Qing court had even pawned the treasures and silk robes of Puyi's predecessor, the Guangxu emperor. Outside the Forbidden City, Rothschild funded uprisings were sweeping the land as clueless citizens called for a republic.

In order to stabilise the situation, the court appointed Yuan Shikai, a general with influence over a powerful northern army, to be prime minister.  Not only did he bribe Puyi's adoptive mother, but he also corrupted her closest eunuch, Xiao Dezheng, and Prince Yikuang, one of the most powerful men at court.

In 1911, Prince Yikuang had two million silver dollars in his account at Rothschild controlled and Opium funded Hong Kong and Shanghai Bank.  Thus was the enormous bribe to remove the young monarch

The eunuch, received a similar sum, equivalent to more than one billion pounds in today's money.  He used it to build a house in Tianjin stuffed with royal antique treasures looted from the palace.

In return, the eunuch told the Dowager Empress that she would be rich if she signed the abdication papers. "And if she refused, she would end up like Louis XVI during the French Revolution: beheaded"

After the Rothschild created Chinese Communist Party came to power, boy Emperor Puyi was eventually allowed to live out his days in Beijing, for a while working in the Botanical Gardens as an ordinary gardener.  

He died in 1967, from kidney cancer, unwanted and unloved.




Below video is a trailor of THE LAST EMPEROR a Hollywood movie made by the Jews.




Why do you think they have the House of Lords in England – the equivalent of Indian Rajya Sabha.  Rothschild put Manmohan Singh on the Finance Minister’s chair—via Rajya Sabha back door, and that too immoral Assam quota.  

The waitress turned empress used to offer Manmoahn Singh a red rose in the initial days in full view of TV cameras— till Manmohan Singh himself was very embarrassed and said that this public reception and gesture must go.

A lot of our Rajya Sabha members are in the payroll of Rothschild agents.

In England the house of Lords is packed with Rothschild stooges. Democracy is a sham when this Rothschild’s stooges can VETO any democratic function by elected people’s representatives.

What are all these Lords and Dukes and Earls in England?

Dukedoms have been Judaized by means of marriages of Jewesses and ancient Dukes, and those Jewesses, with the help of the powerful Israelite communities, have secretly initiated in Judaism the eldest son of that marriage, this is to say, the new Duke.  

It is not strange, then, that the international Judaism is not in a hurry to overthrow the English monarchy, which is controlled by the Israelite imperialism.

One day I will put a separate post on Rothschild stooge Oliver Cromwell (agent of the crypto jew Montagu family) and the English revolution, when King Charles1 was executed. 

Fake English historians of Rothschild controlled media have written “ how Oliver Cromwell did NOT want to execute King Charles 1 , he was so  very troubled and spent the night before it in anguish and prayer”

Xcusi please- I feel like crying now.

SNIFF !


BOOO HOOOOOOOOO!!

Some of my readers might wonder, how Rothschild got so much of money to fund revolutions all over the world and to lobby and bribe politicians all over the world.

They got the money from the Hindu temples of Kerala , my home state. How van anybody be so shrewd? I guess it takes the brain and warped DNA of a Jew .

Punch into Google search-

TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

And how did nondescript Hindu temples get so much of gold? Did the gold fall from the sky like rain?

NO!  

This gold took millenniums to accumulate.

Punch into Google search-

MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD  VADAKAYIL

Rothchild sent experienced leaders to train Chinese Jews in all aspects in which they were backward in regard to Western Judaism.  The Jews formed a special organization called the "Society for Rescuing the Chinese Jews" whose task was the revival of the Israelite religion and the foul Talmud teachings among those Chinese Jews.

It smacks of immoral ingratitude that the same Jews whom the Chinese welcomed with  open arms 600 years ago, screwed the daylights out of their hosts—by getting them addicted to opium drug..

What moral fiber does the English crown have?  

They  danced to Rothschild’s tune.  Under Jewish control, the British government even sent —betraying the ideals of democracy— its own English John Bull  to fight and die to protect and expand the Jewish opium trade, so that Jew Rothschild  can make a profit out of drug trade.

It is NOT only drug trade the Jews excelled in. They also pioneered and excelled in the organized SLAVE TRADE.

Punch into Google search-

BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS  VADAKAYIL

The Chinese Jews Tiao-Kiu-Kiaou introduced Kerala agriculture methods to the Chinese.  The Chinese already knew something about his from the great Kalari teacher Bodhi Dharma, who taught the Chinese martial arts Kung Fu, centuries ago 520 AD..  

Punch into Google search-
TEA VADAKAYIL

In Europe the Jews became crypto Jews to escape Christian persecution.  But in China , where the Jews had been protected by the Ming Emperors, and given vast tracts of land as present and obtained prime positions in the government as a political strategy to enable them to immorally infiltrate the society. 

Nowadays you find gays and homosexuals doing this type of a power grabbing thing. 

The Jews did this  to monopolize the leading positions and to bring the host country under their clandestine control.


People wonder why the Jews have criminal DNA.  

Basically their DNA is warped due to excessive consumption of Kosher vinegar and intermarrying while in the crypto cloak mode.

The Y chromosome thing was known to Indian maharishi seers  7000 years ago.

The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person quite easily. Male Y-chromosome is passed intact from father to son.  Females do not carry the Y-chromosome.  
Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA.  

So patterns stick around for a long time, and this was known to our ancient Vedic seers and written in Sanskrit language down 7000 years ago.  



Y Chromosome has to depend on itself to repair any of its injuries and for that it has created duplicate copies of its genes within itself.  However this does not stop DNA damages in Y Chromosome which escape its local repair process from being propagated into the offspring males.  

This causes Y Chromosomes to accumulate more and more defects over a prolonged period of evolution and scientists believe that this is what is causing the Y Chromosome to keep losing its weight continuously.

Our Vedic seers had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages as possible.  

Manu-smriti states that Hindus should leave 7 generations from the fathers side and 5 generations from the mother side before fixing up a marriage—to preserve the integrity of the Y chromosome. It is actually the male  whose chromosome decides whether the offspring will be a male or a female.


Jews with warped DNA suffer from genetic diseases which say people in India do NOT have.
* Bloom syndrome
* Canavan Disease
* Cystic Fibrosis
* Familial Dysautonomia
* Fanconi Anemia Type C
* Gaucher Disease
* Glycogen Storage Disease, Type 1a
* Maple Syrup Urine Disease
* Mucolipidosis IV (ML4)
* Niemann-Pick Disease Type A
* Tay-Sachs Disease
* Dihyrolipoamide Dehydrogenase Deficiency (DLD Deficiency)
* Familial Hyperinsulinism
* Joubert Syndrome
* Nemaline Myopathy
* Spinal Muscular Atrophy
* Usher Syndrome Type 1F
* Usher Syndrome Type III

* Etc, etc, etc...


In 1839 the refusal by Qing Dynasty authorities to import Rothschild’s opium from India resulted in the First Opium War between China and Britain. The British army was fighting as Rothschild’s mercenary force.  

The Chinese Army, decimated by years of rampant opium addiction, proved no match for the British Army—and of course there were crypto Jew Chinese acting as traitors.
Hong Kong Island was occupied by British forces on 20 January 1841 and was ceded  on 29 August 1842 to the United Kingdom under the Treaty of Nanking.

This included provisions especially designed to guarantee the Sassoons the right to enslave an entire population with opium. The "peace treaty" included the following provisions:-

*Full legalization of the opium trade in China,
*Compensation from the opium stockpiles confiscated by Lin of 2 million pounds,
*Territorial sovereignty for the British Crown over two hundred offshore islands.
*Sassoon's monopoly rights to distribute opium in port cities.

Pretty soon Rothschild wanted the  right to sell opium throughout the nation. The Manchus resisted and the British Army again attacked in the "Second Opium War" fought 1858 – 1860. The British besieged Peking using their mercenary army paid by Rothschild. . When the city fell, British commander Lord Elgin, ordered the temples in the city sacked and burned to the ground as a show of comtempt.  

In the new "Peace Treaty" of October 25, 1860, the British were assigned rights to a vastly expanded opium trade covering seven- eights of China, which brought in over 20 million pounds in 1864 alone.  In that year, the Sassoons imported 58,681 chests of opium and by 1880 it skyrocketed to 105,508 chests, making the Rotshchild a rich Jew.

England was given the Hong Kong peninsula as a colony and large sections of Amoy, Canton, Foochow, Ningpo and Shanghai. The Sassoons were now licensing opium dens in each British occupied area with large fees being collected by their Jewish agents.  Rothschild ensured that no other race could engage in "the Jews' business".  However, the British government would not allow any opium to be imported into Europe!  

Sir Albert Sassoon, the eldest of David Sassoon's sons took over the family empire, constructing huge textile mills in Bombay where he paid slave labor wages.  This expansion continued after World War One, putting England's mills in Lancashire out of business. Thousands lost their jobs. This did not deter Queen Victoria from knighting Albert Sassoon in 1872.

Solomon Sassoon moved to Hong Kong and ran the family business there until his death in 1894. 

Later, the entire family moved to England because with modern communications they could operate their financial empire from their luxurious estates in London and socialize with royalty. Edward Albert.

The Queen also knighted Edward Sassoon .  All of David Sassoon's fourteen grandsons were made high ranking officers during World War One, to avoid combat.  

US President Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt's fortune was inherited from his maternal grandfather Warren Delano.  In 1830 he was a senior partner of Russell & Company whose merchant fleet carried Rothschild’s agent Sassoon's opium to China and returned with tea. Warren Delano moved to Newburgh, N.Y. In 1851 his daughter Sara married well-born neighbor, Jew James Roosevelt—the father of Franklin Delano Roosevelt.

When the 99-year British lease on Hong Kong's New Territories expired, the Crown of the City of London's Colony was ceded to China.  Rothschild’s relative and agent Sassoon employed only Jews in his business, and wherever he sent them he built synagogues and schools for them. He imported whole families of fellow Jews . . . and put them to work.

Wanna know more about two Jewish US presidents with surname Roosevelt—both stooges of Jew Rothschild?

Punch into Google search-

EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE, GROOMING OF SPANISH INQUISITION JEWISH AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT  VADAKAYIL

and

THE LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED VADAKAYIL

When Britain ceded Hong Kong to China after the 99 year lease, Christopher Francis Patten was the Governor, the 28th and the last . 

Yeah, the same fellow who started crying like a girl, and made Prince Charles wait for him to finish hugging all and sundry before boarding the royal yacht HMY Britannica —tragedy king to say the least.  His daughters were giving him stiff competition in crying . 

He is currently chairman of the BBC Trust and Chancellor of the University of Oxford.  He was given an official Chinese name, Pang Ding-hong. 

At 00:00 HKT 1 July 1997 (16:00 GMT, 30 June 1997), he sent the following telegram:

I have relinquished the administration of this government. God Save The Queen.  Patten.

Xcusi please- I feel like crying again.

SNIFF !

BOOO  HOOOOOOO !!!!

Chris Patten tries his best to be an anti-semite. But it cuts NO ice with me.  

He is a member of the Bilderberg Group run by Rothschilds.   Anti-semite by day, Rothschild man at night, he was former European Commissioner.  Chris Patten is a member of Rothschilds´ globalist think tank Chatham House ( ex-slave-trading Levant Company )
.
Kaifeng, the city which had a small Jewish presence in the past, has declared itself to be a 'Jewish economic zone', in order to attract 'Jewish' money .

Since the reestablishment of diplomatic relations between China and the state of Israel in 1992, the latter has become the second most important trading partner of China. The sale of Israeli army and military know-how plays the major part in this ever-growing trade. Jin and Shi are popular Jewish names .

The Institute of Jewish Studies was established at Nanjing University in 1992 .Rothschild controlled, ensure that books on Jews and their purported connection to financial successes are best-sellers in China.

In days past, Chinese Jews were more careful to hide themselves in the political arena, preferring to work behind the scenes.  But today, Chinese Jewish politicians increasingly fill government posts through the power of ethnic networking, the power of media control, and the power of money which can control the outcome of elections by image-crafting.

After the second Opium War which ended in 1860, the British merchant banks and trading companies established the Hong Kong and Shanghai Corporation as the central bank of the Far East drug industry.  China’s HSBC bank is a huge player and now controls the world gold markets.

Let us examine the heroes of China.  

All of them were stooges of opium drug runner and owner of British East India Company Rothschild.

Dr. Sun Yat-sen (12 November 1866 – 12 March 1925 ) was the  Chinese Communist revolutionary, first president and founding father of the Republic of China.  He is called the “father of the Chinese Nation".

Like Rothschild stooge Gandhi he was Illumiinati .

Rothschild funded the overthrow of the ruling Qing dynasty.  Sun Yat Sen was in St. Louis, Missouri USA , getting briefed by the Freemason agents of Rothschild , when he was appointed to serve as president of the Provisional Republic of China, when it was founded in 1912.  

He later co-founded the Kuomintang (KMT), serving as its first leader .    Sun Yat Sen was born in China moved to Hawaii  and then return to China in 1917 to establish the centralization of the Chinese banking system to Rothschild London base.

During the opium wars, the Triads helped distribute the Rothschild’s opium  drug in China.  The revolutionary Nationalist Government that toppled the Qing dynasty in 1912 was a coalition of triad groups .  Sun Yat-sen, the man led this nationalist coalition that toppled the Qing in 1912, was a Triad member and was trained and armed in British Hong Kong.  

Chiang Kai-shek , who married Sun Yat Sen's wife's sister Song Mei Ling , and who stepped into Sun Yat Sen’s shoes was also a Triad member. 


The 1911 Xinhai Revolution toppled the Qing Dynasty in China, ending thousands of years of monarchy rule . The revolution commenced with an army uprising in the city of Wuchang in central China on Oct 10th, 1911 triggered by Rothschild controlled Jews.  

Just before the revolution  Sun Yat-Sen spent two weeks in Vancouver, as a guest of the Freemasons and stayed at Woods Hotel, now the Pennsylvania Hotel.  He channeled the Jewish funds for the revolution.  This hotel celebrated the 100th anniversary of this hotel stay where so many Jewish bankers and Jewish VIPs came in to the hotel , two years ago.. 

Jew Morris Abraham  Cohen (1887–1970)  became aide-de-camp to Sun Yat-sen and a major-general in the Chinese National Revolutionary Army.

The Chinese everywhere call the Jews "Tiao Kiu Kiaou".  Chinese Jew Charles Jones Soong  (February 1863 – May 3, 1918) was a hatchet man of Rotshchild. He was the father in law of  Sun Yat-Sen’s wife  Song Ching Ling and a key player in the events that led to the Xinhai Revolution in 1911.  At the tender age of 15, Charles Jones Soong  sailed to Boston on one of Rothschild’s  tea clippers.

Why Boston?

Punch into Google search-

DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL

Rothschild told his Opium agent millionaire Freemason Julian Carr to accommodate this dirty Chinaman in his own house in North Caroline..  How do you like that?  

Carr was told by Rothschild to admit him into his opium funded Duke  University in 1880, though he had NIL qualification.  BR Ambedkar was also educated at Rothschil’d opium funded Columbia University the same way. 

Today even Yanks do NOT know who Julian Shakespeare Carr (October 12, 1845 – April 29, 1924) is.  They think he was  the owner of a simple  tobacco manufacturing firm W. T. Blackwell and Co. owner of the Raliegh-based “Bull Durham” tobacco dynasty.  How nice!   

Carr was a kingpin for he was nominated for Vice President of the United States.  

But atleast the Yanks know that Carr was a major financial backer of the Chinese Revolution.  It was NOT his money, he was just a conduit.  It was Rothschild’s money .   

Dwarakendranath Tagore, the grandfather of our Rabindranath Tagore was an opium agent of Rothschild’s agent Sassoon.  The name of his Opium Company was  Carr Tagore and Company.

Punch into Google search-

OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY  VADAKAYIL

Song Qui Ling ( Song Ching Ling ) the wife of Sun Yat Sen was 26 years younger than him. 



Her father Jew Charles Jones Soong, spent eight years in the United States, where he was educated by Rothschild’s Jewish agents to be a good communist and was thoroughly brainwashed into proper Talmud ways .


Gandhi was also brainwashed this way.

Punch into Google search-

MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

and

DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL

In 1886 Soong returned to China .  In 1894 Soong met Sun Yat-sen, and transformed him into a Communist revolutionary.   In 1906 he was officially appointed treasurer of the Revolutionary Alliance and was responsible for financing the Nationalist Party (Kuomintang) revolution. .  

In 1906 Sun Yat Sen  was officially appointed treasurer of the well funded Revolutionary Alliance which was responsible for financing the Nationalist Party (Kuomintang) revolution.  Song Ching Ling had no children with Sun .  

After Sun died out of loneliness she married her male secretary, after taking Mao’s permission.  

On May 29, 1981, Song Ching Ling died in Beijing at the age of 90. The same day her 2nd husband was driven away.  He was terribly upset as his wife was the “Mother of China”. 

He cried “I was Song Ching Ling's husband!”  The CCP said, “In your dreams! This country does not recognize you as Song Ching Ling's husband!”  

In her own will Song Ching Ling?  In her will she wrote, "Please do not put me together with the father of the nation ( Sun Yat Sen )  ..."

The third daughter of  Charls Jones Soong ,  ChaAi-Ling Soong would become a regular invite at the high end  Hollywood society  in USA.   Of Charles Soong's three sons, T. L. Soong would become a financier in New York City.  T. A. Soong would become a financier in San Francisco. And T. V. Soong would become Finance Minister of, and Prime Minister of, China.  

How do you like that?


Rothschild used Jew  Charles Jones Soong to fund Sun Yat Sen’s campaigns. Rothschild also ensured the education of all 6 Soong’s children in USA.   When their first attempt at uprising failed in 1895, Sun Yat Sen fled China, and would not come back until sixteen years later. 

Charles Jones Soong was behind the scene player and had remained incognito during the resistance. He deemed it safe to remain in Shanghai, as his name had not yet been connected to the failed coup.

in 1911, Sun Yat-Sen was successful in bringing about the Xinhai Revolution, and the Qing Dynasty fell to be replaced by the short-lived presidency of Sun Yat-Sen.

Soong soon felt  that he and his family were unsafe in China .  In 1913, they fled with Sun Yat-Sen to Tokyo.  They remained there until 1916, when Charlie deemed the situation in Shanghai to be safe enough to return.

Time Publications owned by crypto Jewand Knight of Malta Freemason  Henry Luce, promoted Chiang Kai-shek through the American press. -- and Mrs Chiang Kai-shek was billed, in the west as the darling of the Chinese people of the early 20th Century.  

The Chiangs appeared in the cover of Time eleven times between 1927 and 1955— this is called real heavy pull, OK?

Henry Luce had spent 5 years in China . He ran TIME and LIFE magazines.  He was a close friend of power Jew and Rothschild agent and kingmaker Bernard Baruch.



Have you guys never found it strange that after two world wars, several Communist Red revolutions and wars, nobody harmed even one hair of the Jewish Rothschild bankers— NOT even anti-semite Hilter?  

What is the catch? 

At least one tiny mangy stone on a Rothschild’s bank glass pane?

Yes,  Stalin set fire to Rothschild’s oil refinery on the first day and he became an instant hero . 

Churchill made a dramatic escape from Boer’s custody and became an instant hero. 

Gandhi defied all and sundry and became an instant hero— with plenty pictures splashed in 
Rothschild’s monopolized media.  

How come you and me can never become heroes? 

Mao became a Chinese living legend by a FAKE Long march –I will get to that later.


Communism is devoted to concentrating all wealth and power in the hands of the Jewish central banking cartel ( Rothschilds and their evil allies) by disguising it as State power.  

One world government means we all will slog like Benjamin the horse , in George Orwell’s  Animal farm, and Napoleon the Pig will rake in the moolah.


 The central banking cartel is the ultimate monopoly.  It has an almost global monopoly over government credit.  Its object is to translate this into a monopoly over everything - political, cultural, economic and spiritual.  

One world government = Rothschild monopoly = Communism= Capitalism.

Peace =War

Black= White

Libya and Sudan gone—now Syria—then North Korea, then Cuba , the Iran – then one world government.

Any ideology that further concentrates wealth and power in the hands of the "State" is Communism in another guise.  These ideologies -- socialism, liberalism, fascism, neo-conservatism, zionism and feminism -- are fronts for "Communism," and are organized and funded by the central banking cartel.   

Current events are all designed by the central bankers to increase government power. German Jew Marx was hired by German Jew Rothschild to dupe the masses.  The aim of the revolution is no less than to redefine reality in terms of the interests of the Jew bankers.  

This involves the promotion of subjective truth over objective truth.   If Rothschild  "feels something to be real" then it is fuc#in’ real. Cabalist Jews create reality because they believe they are the conduit for God's Will.  Remember the Jews are the chosen people from the promised land.

War is the means by which the central bankers advance their agenda.  Trotsky was behind the murder of Arch Duke Ferdinand (which sparked WWI.)  He recalls the phrase used by the mother of the five Rothschild brothers: "'If my sons want it, then there will be no war.'  

This means that they were the arbiters, the masters of peace and war, but not emperors.   Every war was a giant step towards Communism.

In 1903, opium founded Yale Divinity School established a number of schools and hospitals throughout China that were collectively known as 'Yale in China.', which was an an intelligence network of Rothschild.  

One of 'Yale in China's' most important students was Mao Zedong.  Rothschild used Judaized Freemasonic asset Sun Yat-sen to pave the way for Mao’s murderous Communist regime which killed maximum people on this planet.

Opium killed, debauched and impoverished over 500 million Chinese. The addicted Chinese sold daughters into slavery and prostitution, and entire families were destroyed for Rothschild's opium, distributed aggressively by the Triad ( Chinese mafia controlled by Rothschild's Jews) .  Between 1729 until 1917 (for 188 years)  more than 58% of the Chinese were addicted to opium, thanks to Rothschild and the British crown.

The Jews financed and promoted and profited from Chinese Communism.

Aged 13, Mao finished primary education, and his father had him married to the 17-year-old Luo Yigu.  Mao with his inherent lack of consideration, refused to recognize her as his wife, becoming a fierce critic of arranged marriage and temporarily moving away.  Luo was locally disgraced and died in 1910.

Mao remained active in school politics, and in 1915 was elected secretary of the Students Society.  He used his position to forge an Association for Student Self-Government, leading protests against school rules.  In spring 1917, he was elected to command the students' volunteer army, set. With other young revolutionaries they formed the Renovation of the People Study Society.

After conquering China, the non-Chinese Manchurians (Qing Dynasty, 1644-1912) made the hairstyle mandatory for all males. The law was enforced by the death penalty.



As a symbol of rebellion against the Manchu monarch, Mao and a friend cut off their queue pigtails—a sign of subservience to the Chinese emperor— before forcibly cutting off those of several classmates. 

This caught the attention of Rothschild and they were on the look out for such a hardcore rabble rouser.

Mao traveled with Professor Yang Changji,  his college teacher and future father-in-law, to Beijing during the May Fourth Movement in 1919.  Professor Yang died in 1920 in Peking University. Professor Yang held a faculty position at Peking University.  As a result of Yang's recommendation, Mao worked as an assistant librarian at the University.

Mao was picked up to play puppet leader with resourced funneled through Yale University (whose symbol has Hebrew on it), in a Skull and Bones type scheme. The location was Yali High school in Changsha, Hunan Province - a branch of Yale.  Mao was a disturbed young man - a completely controllable, blackmailable puppet for their purposes.

Mao was indeed a stupid and inept Chinese peasant who was schooled by Skull and Bonesmen and initiated into the internationalist Masonic Lodge by socialist Jews from the United States. This was done with the tacit permission of Jew President Franklin D. Roosevelt, a 32nd degree Mason and, later, Rothschild stooge President Harry S. Truman a 33rd degree Mason.

A group of somewhere between thirty and sixty Chinese students arrived in Moscow by August 1921 funded by Rothschild.  Although it was customary for foreigners who came to Moscow for training to become members of the Soviet Communist Party it was decided to make an exception of the Chinese.  Many of them were organized instead into a “Moscow branch” of the Chinese Communist Party.

Rothschild used Jews Lenin and Trotsky, to inflict a blow to China as they had done to  Russia vide the Bolshevik Jew led  Russian Revolution of 1917.  

Kill the monarachs, steal their wealth. Then have a Communist system where no man or woman can own anything— vacuum and siphon off their wealth, under fear of death a torture..

In order to advance their interests, they sent Gregory Voitinsky to China to make contact with leftist intellectuals, like Jew Chen Duxiu.  Politically, Chen advocated the Trotskyist theory of Marxism.  

Chen decided to run a special edition on Marxism . The edition of this magazine was the most detailed analysis of Marxism then published in China, and achieved wide readership due to the journal's popularity. 

In 1921, Chen Duxiu, Li Dazhao and other prominent revolutionary leaders founded the Communist Party of China.  Chen Duxiu, was the dean of Peking University. Chen had participated in the Xinhai Revolution in 1911 which overthrew the Qing Dynasty and established the Republic of China

How did so many white Jews land up in Shanghai and then later in Hong Kong ?

How did China have their own “ Schindler’s list” hero?

Well he was a Chinese Jew first educated at Yali School in the provincial capital of Changsha and later Rothschild run Yale-in-China University.  Later he was sent on a Jewsih scholarship to Munich University in 1926 where he  received his Ph.D. in political economics in 1932, and a crash course in Marxism.

Rothchild had every worst case scenario buffer in place.

Dr. Ho Feng-Shan, was planted as the Chinese consul-general in Vienna from May 1938 to May 1940. When Jews wanted a safe sanctuary before and during the Second World War, our Jew Dr Ho issued visas to white Jews left, right and centre— more than 21000 visas..  



They were all settled at Hongkou District of Japanese-occupied Shanghai.  During Japanese occupation the Japs left the Jews alone on Rothschild’s orders. Rothschild has funded the Japanese Emperor in their victorious  war against the Russian Czar. The whole worl were surprised when Russia lost to a tiny nation like Japan.

After Dr Ho left Vienna in May 1940, he was transferred to New York and did “political analysis” study under Rothschild’s Jews, before he returned to Chongqing, China..  

Chinese were NOT stupid. Although Jew Dr Ho served as a diplomat for his country for almost 40 years, he was denied a pension by the Chinese Nationalists After retirement, he lived in California, until he died on September 28, 1997, at age 96.

In 2001 he was awarded the title “Righteous Among the Nations,” which is Israel’s highest civil award, bestowed by Jerusalem on non-Jews who helped Jews at the risk of their own lives.   But in this case Ho was a Chinese Jew.  Ho is now also known as “The Schindler of China.”

SNIFF !!

After the success of the 1911 Revolution, Chiang Kai Shek became a founding member of the KMT.  In 1917, Sun Yat-sen moved his base of operations to Guangzhou, and Chiang joined him in 1918.  

Sun sent Chiang to spend three months in Moscow studying the Soviet Jewish political and military system.   During his trip in Russia, Chiang met Leon Trotsky and other Soviet Jew leaders.

Freemason Chiang Kai Shek  became the Commandant of the Kuomintang's Whampoa Military Academy, and took Sun's place as leader of the KMT when Sun Yat Sen died in 1925.
Sun Yat-sen’s death split the Nationalist Party (NP).   

Right-wing Chiang Kai-shek took over the National Revolutionary Army and left-wing Wang Jingwei took over the national government, the perfect scenario for civil war.

Chiang Kai-shek was “chosen” president of China on October 10, 1928.

Chiang Kai Shek made the mistake of looting  the vaults of the Rothschild’s bank in Shanghai.  Now Rothschild would be after him .  

A major split between the Nationalists and Communists occurred in 1927; and, under Chiang's leadership, the Nationalists fought a nation-wide civil war against the Communists.

Chiang Kai Shek  pretty much left the Japanese alone  during their terror rule in China beginning on December 13, 1937. This will come as a shock to the naive Chinese today , for there was extreme sadism and extreme terror unleashed by the Japanese.. History must never be allowed to repeat itself in such a gruesome manner.

Punch into Google search-

DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII, EMPEROR HIROHITO AND QUID PRO QUO VADAKAYIL

How many Chinese know today that Chiang Kai Shek was sent to Japan in 1907 by Rothschild for training at the Tokyo Shinbu Gakko , an Imperial Japanese Army Academy Preparatory School for Chinese students?

It was there that Rothschild’s agents brainwashed Chiang Kai Shek to overthrow the Qing Dynasty and to set up a Chinese republic.  He was introduced to his fellow  Zhejiang native Chen Qimei, and, in 1908, Chen brought Chiang into the Tongmenghui, a precursor of the Kuomintang (KMT) organization.  

How many of you know that Chiang Kai Shek served in the Imperial Japanese Army from 1909 to 1911 ?

Hirohito also knew his invasion and occupation of China would precipitate the defeat of Chiang Kai-shek’s Chinese nationalist government, by the Jew controlled Chinese Communist Party; and it was first and foremost a “managed conflict” between the Chinese and Japanese on Jew controlled macro-economic lines.

Rothschild stuck the proverbial knife in the back of Chiang Kai Shek while empowering their Communist stooge leader Mao Tse Tung after WW II.   

Secretary of State and Rothchild stooge General George Marshall intervened on  three occasions when Chiang’s Nationalist forces were on the verge of defeating Mao’s Communist forces by imposing a Cease-Fire.  On each occasion, the Cease-Fire bought Mao much needed time to regroup and re-arm.

Rothschild  double-crossed Chiang Jai Shek to prop up  Communist Mao.  Rothschild agents who worked in the U.S. Treasury Department, Jew Solomon Adler and Jew Harry Dexter White, deliberately engineered Chiang Kai-shek’s downfall by sabotaging the Chinese currency, paving the way for Mao and communism.  

On October 1, 1949, Mao Zedong proclaimed the People’s Republic of China “Communist China” or “Red China” kicking out  Chiang Kai-shek ..

Chiang had sent his eldest son, Ching-kuo, to study in Russia.  Rothschild made sure he was kept hostage to twist Chiang Kai Shek’s arm , when ever he wanted, to make sure Mao's LONG MARCH had secret shortcuts and was a success.  After his father's split from the First United Front in 1927, son Ching-kuo was forced to stay there, as a hostage, until 1937.

However, Mao’s “Great Leap Forward”  killed approximately 60 Million of his own people with starvation, forced labor, and execution In fact Mao and his “Little Red Book” are responsible for more deaths   and misery over the long term than anyone else in history.

Since the resumption of diplomatic ties with China due to the influence of Henry Kissinger (whose son David is a Yale graduate) on President Nixon, every US ambassador to China is a Yalie and known or suspected member of Skull  and Bones, the only exception being a brief period during the Jimmy Carter presidency.

After the 1949 Chinese Revolution, Chiang Kai-Shek and army retreated to Taiwan.  Chiang ruled the island securely as President of the Republic of China and General of the Kuomintang until his death in 1975. He ruled mainland China for 22 years, and Taiwan for 30 years.

Rothschild Opium agent Sassoon’s sub-agents William Jardine and William Sutherland Matheson,  formed  Jardine Matheson, as receivers and shippers of Rothschild's opium  grown in India.  


The families launched the Hong Kong Shanghai Bank Corporation (HSBC) after the second Opium War as a repository for their opium proceeds.    

Let me digress -

Time for some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani.

I have been debating with myself over the past two weeks , if I should write this para. I have just decided that I shall.   

Let me tell you , I have left 90% of India’s heroes alone. Their secrets will be cremated along with me.  

We need some Indian heroes, right?

I have already written one post for Rabindranath Tagore, that the national anthem was written in praise of the English crown.

Punch into Google search-
A NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE VADAKAYIL

-- and I have dedicated a post to Dwarakendranath Tagore,  Rabindranath Tagore's drug runner grandfather who pushed Rothschild's opium.

Punch into Google search-
OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY  VADAKAYIL

A few days ago, Mani Shankar Aiyer ( the Cambridge communist ) giving a speech to young Indian students about seamless boundaries ( the Zionist one world government propaganda basically ). Why not?  US President Obama had also done it.

He quoted with great elan, Rabindranath Tagore’s Gitanjali poem, about unwalled horizons. 

This poem below was written by YB Yeats and NOT Tagore.  It was reverse translated to Bengali, later .

Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high;
Where knowledge is free;
Where the world has not been broken up
into fragments by narrow domestic walls;
Where words come out from the depth of truth;
Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection;
Where the clear stream of reason
has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit;
Where the mind is led forward by thee into ever-widening thought and action---
Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake.

This poem is incongruent to Rabindranath Tagore’s style of poetry.  It stands out like a sore thumb from the rest of his poetry— and this is the style of William Butler Yeats .



It is said that this small Bengali poem appeared in the volume Naivedya (July 1901)—all bull.  This small poem first appeared as poem 35 in the English Gitanjali, published by the India Society, London, in 1912.

German Jew Rothschild’s  agent German Jew William Rothenstein too Rabindranath Tagore with him to London in 1912..  Tagore stayed in Rothenstein’s home. 



In 1917, Tagore read out the English version, (then titled 'Indian Prayer') at the Indian National Congress session in Calcutta on request from Rothschild.

Tagore lost his poems in London on the Northern Line; but he “managed” to retrieve it from Lost Property thanks to his Jew host.

SIR William Rothenstein called Yeats to meet Rabindranath Tagore to Yeats on 27th June 1912 Yeats and Tagore then set to work together editing the list of poems . Yeats wrote a stirring introduction for Gitanjali—why NOT ?  

He was also neck deep in this work. Gitanjali, originally published by the India Society, was quickly taken up by Macmillan, Yeats’s publisher.

American Ezra Weston Loomis Pound , a Rothschild’s peer review agent was a kingmaker when it came to poets and writer.  He is the popshot who made  T. S. Eliot, James Joyce, Robert Frost ,Ernest Hemingway etc famous.



He wrote to Harriet Monroe, editor of the Rothschild controlled Chicago magazine Poetry, and made sure  Gitanjali was reprinted ten times in nine months. When Tagore visited the United States in 1913, Rothschild controlled the press greeted him as “the creator of a new age in literature”. 

In November , the same year he won the Nobel Prize, the first non-European to receive the award.
Rabindranath Tagore dedicated his Nobel Prize winner poetry collection Gitanjali to William Rothenstein.

Tagore expressed his gratitude to Yeats’s “contribution” to the English Gitanjali,.  Ezra Pound later spent his Christmas in Yeat’s home at Sussex.


So much for Tagore.

How did Pakistan get a No 1 citizen in the form of a poet?

Punch into Google search-

SIR MUHAMMED IQBAL KNIGHTED FOR SCUTTLING THE KHILAFAT MOVEMENT  VADAKAYIL

And how were the Muslims forced to lump a Christain and Jew friendly Sufi clan?

Punch into Google search-

NOOR INAYAT KHAN, THE NEW MATA HARI RELOADED, BUSTING THE BIG LIE VADAKAYIL




Mao’s world famous “Little Red book” was actually written by a Jew, Israel Epstein, Mao Tse Tung’s minister of Finance and Rothschild’s agent.   Epstein was trained in the art of Communist propaganda. 


The Little Red Book, the name commonly known in the West for the pocket-size edition of Quotations from Chairman Mao Tse-Tung. It is one of the most printed books in history. 

Admirers of Mao Zedong can frequently be found holding “The Little Red Book” gripped with their right hand waving it over their heads to show joy, or cries of condemnation.



Above:  Watch the peasants reading chaiLman Mao's little red book. 

chaiLman? --yes--Chinese cannot pronounce R, instead they say L.   I had a Chinese agent friend, who loved to sing Hindi songs.  His favourite was NOOOLIEEEEE   AAJALE-- 

Israel Epstein was a most powerful man as he controlled the moolah as the minister of appropriations,in a practically cashless era.

In 1917,  Jew Israel Epstein came to China with his parents at the age of two and they settled in Tianjin in 1920.  Israel Epstein when he grew up was a spy for the Russia’s  Red Communist secret police . Epstein's cover was journalism.  



He began to work in journalism at age 15, when he wrote for the Peking and Tientsin Times, an English-language newspaper owned by Rothschild based in Tianjin.  He was one of the few foreign-born non-Chinese to become a member of the Communist Party of China.

 In the autumn of 1938, he joined the China Defense League, which had been established by Soong Ching-ling, Sun Yat-sen's widow, for the purpose of publicizing and enlisting international support for the Chinese cause.

Now let me talk about Mao’s great long march which converted him into a living legend.



The Long March (October 1934-October 1935) was a military retreat undertaken by the Red Army of the Communist Party of China, the forerunner of the People's Liberation Army, to evade the pursuit of the Chiang Kai Shek’s Kuomintang (KMT or Chinese Nationalist Party) army.

This was NOT a single Long March, but a series of marches , as various Communist armies in the south escaped to the north and west. 

Which idiot will walk continuously for 12500 kilometers unless he is stupid?

The march began from from Jiangxi province in October 1934. The Communists, under the command of Mao Zedong, escaped in a circling retreat to the west and north, which reportedly traversed some 12,500 kilometers  over 370 days ( sic!).

Mao's role was heavily exaggerated by Rothschild controlledmedia , and most events in the Long March are pure unadulterated  bull.



As tom-tommed Chiang Kai Shek’s KMT did NOT give any hot pursuit, as he was blackmailed , with his son held captive in Russia , under Rothschild’s control..  In reality Chiang Kai-shek allowed the Communists to proceed without significant hindrance. They even  provided the communists with maps and allowed them to escape.

It is false propaganda that less than 7,000 were among the original 100,000 soldiers who had started the “greatest strategic retreat in military history “  .



“The march was  vital in helping the CCP to gain a positive reputation among the peasants due to the determination and dedication of the surviving participants of the Long March”  

Mao himself wrote in 1935.  “ The Long March is a manifesto. It has proclaimed to the world that the Red Army is an army of heroes, while the imperialists and their running dogs, Chiang Kai-shek and his like, are impotent. It has proclaimed their utter failure to encircle, pursue, obstruct and intercept us. The Long March is also a propaganda force. It has announced to some 200 million people in eleven provinces that the road of the Red Army is their only road to liberation."

It has been used as an example to depict the nationalistic fighting spirit of the Chinese people and the rallying call to communism.

In a speech given at Stanford University, former US National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski mentioned a conversation that he once had with Deng Xiaoping.  

He asked Deng about the astonishing and mind boggling great march.

Deng who was part of this long march with Mao, Zhu De, Lin Biao, Liu Shaoqi, Dong Biwu, Ye Jianying, Li Xiannian, Yang Shangkun and Zhou Enlai chuckled with a glint in  his eye and said --

“Well, that’s the way it’s presented in our propaganda. We needed that to express the fighting spirit of our forces. In fact, it was a very easy military operation.  There wasn’t really much to it. The other side were just some troops of the warlord who were armed with old muskets and it really wasn’t that much of a feat, but we felt we had to dramatize it “

Since the establishment of the People's Republic of China in 1949, the Long March has been glorified as an example of the Communist Party's strength and resilience. The Long March solidified Mao's status as the undisputed leader of the CPC

In 2003, two British researchers, Ed Jocelyn and Andrew McEwen, retraced the route in 384 days, and in their 2006 book "The Long March" estimated the March actually covered about 6,000 km . 

Jocelyn and McEwen conclude in their book that "Mao and his followers twisted the tale of the Long March for their own ends. Mao's role was mythologized to the point where ... it seemed he had single-handedly saved the Red Army and defeated Chiang Kai-shek".



Other researchers content that Mao cut across with Chiang Kai Shek’s connivance and the march was actually just 35 % of the claim. Mao hardly walked .  He was mostly on horse , or carried on a litter.

The battle for Luding Bridge has been portrayed as thea most glorious and heroic moment in Chinese Communist history.  The official Rothschild controlled media account of the battle depicts exhausted and depleted Communist forces in a desperate situation, where they must fight across a bridge that is guarded by the numerically superior forces of Chiang Kai-shek and his warlord allies.  
The Communists send a small volunteer force that braves a hail of gunfire to climb across the bridge on underlying chains and assault the enemy positions on the other side, hence securing the bridgehead for the rest of the army to cross.



Later many Western journalists and historians interviewed many eye witnesses .  This was a bridge over the Dadu River in Luding County, Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Sichuan, China, located about 80 kilometers west of the city of Ya'an.  



The bridge dates from the Qing Dynasty and is considered a historical landmark.  In 1935, during the Long March, soldiers of the Fourth Regiment of the Chinese Workers and Peasants' Army “secured”  the bridge as a river crossing vital to the Red Army.

They  found that even this glorious battle was all bull.  Much  of the fighting was dramatized, by Communist leaders, for propaganda purposes.  They took a video recording of a female witness who stayed near the bridge  who told that she saw no fighting and that the bridge was NOT guarded when the Communists arrived.

Rothschild has places many  German officers of Jewish origin in Chiang Kai Shek’s army and also his own mercenary Hessian soldiers . 

Mao exactly knew what Chaing Kai Shek’s next move would be. It is NOT the first time Rothschild funded both the sides in a conflict.


Now let us talk about Mao’s great leap forward.



As I said before, Mao was catapulted to power by Rothschild by reading the FAKE long march m which made him a living legend.

In the civil war then resumed,  Mao led the Red Army to victory as Chiang Kai Shek and his supporters fled to Taiwan.

In 1949 Mao proclaimed the foundation of the People's Republic of China, a one-party socialist state controlled by the Communist Party. After solidifying the reunification of China through his Campaign to Suppress Counterrevolutionaries, Mao enacted sweeping land reform, overthrowing the feudal landlords before seizing their large estates and dividing the land into people's communes. 



He proceeded to lead a nationwide political campaign known as the Great Leap Forward from 1958 through to 1961, designed to modernize and industrialize the country, however agrarian problems worsened by his policies led to widespread famine. In 1966, he initiated the Cultural Revolution, a program to weed out counter-revolutionary elements in Chinese society, which continued until his death.


Mao’s  administration oversaw systematic human rights abuse.  Maos was responsible for MORE THAN 60 million deaths  through starvation, forced labor and executions, ranking his tenure as the top incidence of democide in human history.



On the Long March, Mao's wife He Zizen had been injured from a shrapnel wound to the head, and so traveled to Moscow for medical treatment; Mao proceeded to divorce her and marry an actress, Jiang Qing The People's Republic of China was established on October 1, 1949.. From 1943 to 1976, Mao was the Chairman of the Communist Party of China. 



During this period, Mao was called Chairman Mao.  Mao’s  fourth wife,  actress Jiang Qing, called "Madame Mao”.



Above: have hammer -- will hit ( Buddha statue )

Mao played a personal role in organizing the mass repressions and established a system of execution quotas, which were often exceeded.  He defended these killings as necessary for the securing of power. Mao targeted the capitalist Chinese to usurp their wealth.



Above:  Have fruits- will collect !!

A climate of raw terror developed as workers denounced their bosses, spouses turned on their spouses, and children informed on their parents; the victims often were humiliated at struggle sessions, a method designed to intimidate and terrify people to the maximum. 



Mao insisted that minor offenders be criticized and reformed or sent to labor camps, "while the worst among them should be shot." These campaigns took several hundred thousand additional lives, the vast majority via suicide.



In Shanghai, suicide by jumping from tall buildings became so commonplace that residents avoided walking on the pavement near skyscrapers for fear that suicides might land on them. Some biographers have pointed out that driving those perceived as enemies to suicide was a common tactic during the Mao-era.



Above: Communism or bust !

At a secret meeting in the Jinjiang Hotel in Shanghai dated March 25, 1959, Mao specifically ordered the party to procure up to one third of all the grain, much more than had ever been the case. At the meeting he announced that "When there is not enough to eat, people starve to death. It is better to let half of the people die so that the other half can eat their fill."



 Other violent campaigns followed in which party leaders went from village to village in search of hidden food reserves, and not only grain, as Mao issued quotas for pigs, chickens, ducks and eggs. Many peasants accused of hiding food were tortured and beaten to death there were at least 60 million premature deaths attributable to the Great Leap Forward from 1958 to 1962.  

Li Rui, Mao's personal secretary, goes further and claims he was dismissive of the suffering and death caused by his policies: "Mao's way of thinking and governing was terrifying. He put no value on human life. 



The deaths of others meant nothing to him. Power was the means and the ends for Mao, and it had to be achieved at all costs. And the costs were terrible and the human costs unbelievable. Mao  participated in the trade of opium  in order to provide funding for his soldiers. 

Like in the Russian Gulag, food in government run canteens was equated with the amount of work done. Disabled and weak people got NO food and they starved to death.



Above: Have food, will eat !!

Private ownership of land ended and the peasants worked in large collective farms that were now ordered to start up heavy industry operations, such as steel mills. Plants were built in remote locations, despite the lack of technical experts, managers, transportation or needed facilities. 

Industrialization failed but the main result was a sharp unexpected decline in agricultural output, which led to mass famine and millions of deaths.. … In short, ze Great Leap was a very expensive and mindless disaster.



After the death of  Stalin , Khrushev who did NOT dance to the tune of the Jews anymore, came to power in Russia.  So naturally Rothschild’s man Mao was at loggerheads with Khrushev. After some time in power even Mao stopped dancing to Rothschild’s tunes. Mao was too powerful to be done away. 



The Jews waited till his death to get Deng Xioping , the Chinese Perestrioka man in power.  They tried to sideline Mao in between. Mao for a while was in the shadows, but he returned to center stage and purged Deng and his allies in the "cultural revolution" (1966-1969 ).



Very soon Zionist Jews would come in China in droves, to invest.

The resulting one-upmanship and tension between Russian Khrushchev and Chinese Mao eroded the previous patron-client relationship between the Communist Party of the Soviet Union and the CPC.

During the Cultural Revolution, the schools in China were closed and the young intellectuals living in cities were ordered to the countryside to be "re-educated" by the peasants, where they performed hard manual labor and other work.  In 1969, Mao declared the Cultural Revolution to be over, although the official history of the People's Republic of China marks the end of the Cultural Revolution in 1976 with Mao's death.  

In the last years of his life, Mao was faced with declining health due to Parkinson's disease.  Mao's last public appearance was on May 27, 1976, where he met the visiting Pakistani Prime Minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto during the latter's one-day visit to Beijing.  

Mao was officially pronounced dead at 12:10 am on September 9, 1976.  September 9 was chosen as the day to let Mao officially die because it was seen as an easy day to remember, being the ninth day of the ninth month of the calendar.

In the mid-1990s, Mao Zedong's picture began to appear on all new Renminbi currency from the People's Republic of China. 



Hey, Five stars became six.!!




As a result of Rothschild’s manipulations, the star of David was engraved on it , in a crypto manner, they way the Jews had done for the recent 2012 London Olympics...

Punch into Google search-
SPIRIT OF LONDON 2012 OLYMPICS AND DOW SPONSORSHIP VADAKAYIL

Wives Mao Zedong had four wives who provided a total of 10 children. His personal physician Li Zhisui published The Private Life of Chairman Mao, a memoir which mentions some aspects of Mao's private life, such as chain-smoking cigarettes, rare bathing or brushing teeth , slothfulness, addiction to sleeping pills and large number of sexual partners.

Mao had been trained by Rothschild  in the International Lenin School in Moscow, along with  Ho Chi Minh and Pol Pot. The Jews commissioned him to not only foster their cash cow of the dilectic of communism and capitalism on the macro-economic level, and secure Jewish oil and gas interests in China.  I may put a post on Pol Pot later.

The leaders of the Indian Naxalite and Maoist movement have been found to have hideouts located in China.

Shortly after Mao's death in 1976, Rothschild’s Perestroika man Deng Xiaoping initiated socialist market reforms of the People's Republic of China (PRC) in 1978 beginning the radical change of Mao's ideology in the PRC.

Maow as led into famine by the Jews . The farming methods imposed on Mao, included “natural collectivization”  

Mao when asked about his strange methods quipped - “Happy plants grow together.”

TEE HEEEEE !

— this means , growing incompatible seeds together which was an unmitigated disaster that led to mass starvation.  This man made famine was a result of bumbler Mao’s and his Jewish commissars implementing mindless policies.

At least 60 million people were worked, starved or beaten to death in China over these four years.The worldwide death toll of the Second World War was 54 million. 

The members of the rural farming communities were seen by the Party merely as "digits", or a faceless workforce. For those who committed any acts of disobedience, however minor, the punishments were huge.

Once Rothschild got his Israel after WW2, opium trafficking slowed down. Once India became independent in 1947, Opium exports from India stopped.  Our bumbler Mao took credit for snuffing out Opium addiction in China.  

Onlt the stupid will believe that Chinese Communism was all about happy farmers promoting agricultural reform.  From 1943-49, ALL popular U.S. magazines, monopolized by Rothschild, sanctioned the Communist movement.  Mao Tse-tung, was portrayed as a great reformer.







Let me digress again.



An Indian river pilot in Hooghly river told me this. They just boarded a chinese ship at Sandheads Calcutta.

Suddenly a dog ran from the port bridge wing to the starboard bridge wing, cutting through the wheel house.

The pilots trainee suddenly cried  “ WHAAA,  a dog on the bridge  ?”

The senior Pilot smiles and said “ There goes our dinner”.



Above: Nobody eats meat eating animals ( carnivores )--NOT even sharks. 

Chinese did NOT eat dogs till Mao’s “great leap forward”.



What is hidden till now , is there was rampant cannibalism.



This has warped the DNA of many Chinese , and even today , Chinese have a secret deal with hospitals where they buy aborted fetus to eat as food.



I have already told how the Japanese ate 22000 INA soldiers in Rabaul island during WW2  , right?

Punch into Google search-

NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL

Cannibalism happened in public places and they were mostly promoted by Communist Party authorities.  



This way, people was able to prove how loyal they were to the Communist cause, eating Communism enemies’ flesh.    

This was also to erase any morality from people’s minds, as per Communism , where they are NOT afraid of God..

Di d you see the cannibalism videos of Libya and Syria?



Above video:  See only if you are above 21 years age.  Pig NO NO , human YES YES !


Enter Deng Xiopeng, the man who took over power after Mao died..

He was the PERESTROIKA man and GLASNOST  man , a two in one,  superman  creation of Rothschild.

Rothschild controlled TIME  magazine gave Deng “Person of the year award”  in 1978 and 1985. 

Russian Crypto Jew Gorbachev would get it later in 1987 and  1989.

In 1994, Rothschild’s stooges in India gave Deng the Jawaharlal Nehru Award for International Understanding.   SNIFF !

This "Green Revolution" screwed India forever.  We were forced to abandon our organic farming. Indian farers now became dependent on Western fertilizers and pesticides.  

We LOST FOREVER our vast variety of nutritious and healthy native Indian seeds.  Instead, we were forced to change over  to a greatly limited set of hybrid seeds supplied by FAO and UN organizations. 

These seeds required a huge amount of petrochemical fertilizers – all supplied by  Rothschild-controlled oil companies.

Punch into Google search-
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL

Jawaharlal Nehru preferred to the look the other way when China invaded Tibet.  This brought Chinese troops right next door.  Have you NOT seen the way China is giving us pin pricks daily at the border.

Deng was Rothschild’s protégé and blue eyed boy when he was at the tender age of 15.  He was the youngest of all the Chinese  students selected to study Communism abroad.   Deng Xiaoping and Zhou Enlai lived in a French town Montargis in the Chinese Jewish community in the 1920s.

In 1921 he joined the Chinese Communist Youth League in Europe.  In  1924 he joined the Chinese Communist Party and became one of the leading members of the General Branch of the Youth League in Europe.  

In 1926 Deng traveled to the Soviet Union and studied at Moscow Sun Yat-sen University, where one of his classmates was Chiang Ching-kuo, the son of Chiang Kai Shek.  Deng returned to China in 1927.

Upon his return to China he PLANTED as the political commissar in rural regions and was projected as a worthy "revolutionary veteran" of the Long March.

Deng was catapulted up the Communist Party ranks.  Deng married a Chinese Jew whom he met in Moscow, Zhang Xiyuan.

In July 1952, Rothschild made sure that Deng went to Beijing to assume the posts of Deputy Premier and Vice President of the Committee on Finance.  China was now ready for an injected  market economy.

Mind you, Deng never held office as the head of state,  head of government or General Secretary of the Communist Party of China (historically the highest position in Communist China), but he was still the  paramount leader of the People's Republic of China from 1978 onwards till his death in 1997.

After the death of Mao, the "Gang of four " had arranged for Deng Xiaoping's purge in April 1976, however with Rothschild’s blessings and unlimited funds , he would claw his way to power in 1978 and wield the real power of the Party.  However hold the moolah holds the power, right? 

Gang of four?  Yes, Mao Zedong's 4th and last actress wife Jiang Qing, and her side kicks Zhang Chunqiao, Yao Wenyuan, and Wang Hongwen.  Classic case of a widow with PMS trying to grab power.   It happens every single time.

After the second purge he outmaneuvered  Mao's chosen successor, Hua Guofeng, with Rothschild’s moolah and Triad support.

Deng became Secretary General of the Secretariat and ran the country's daily affairs with President Liu Shaoqi.

BCCI had close relations with Chinese Premier Deng Xiaoping’s family. The Bank of Credit & Commerce International’s (BCCI) most notorious acts were hatched out of its Karachi branch, where the bank’s Black Network (BN) operated.   

BN was a global intelligence and enforcement unit that specialized in transporting arms, drugs and gold.   BN operations overlapped with the operations of CIA, Israeli Mossad, the Pakistani ISI and Saudi intelligence, all of whom had accounts at BCCI.   Jew Henry Kissinger ushered  BCCI into China. 

Rothschild would now bring a major change in brainwashed minsets. Deng Xiopeng would now  separate Mao from Maoism.   Mao was now projected as a gullible and fallible man. 

The new brainwash was that Maoism comes from observing social consequences rather than by using Mao's quotations and little Red book as holy writ, as was done in Mao's lifetime. 

TEEE HEEEEE !

Enter Maurice Strong!

Poor Maurice strong is supposed to be an orphan.

But then how did this weakling suddenly become Rothschild’s right hand man.  Rothschild took the whole world for a ride using Maurice Strong with the global warming hoax.

Punch into Google search-

THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL

Now,

Our man Maurice Strong is a splitting CHINKY image of Deng Xiopeng !!



Above: Maurice Strong.

Deng Xiopeng was friendly with a pretty Journalist in China by the name of Anna Louis Strong –all know that.



Below: Anna Louis Strong.





Jewess Anna Louise Strong was an American journalist known for her  reporting on and support for communist movement in the People's Republic of China.  Anna founded The Moscow News in 1930.


Marxist propaganda journalist Anne Louise Strong, lived with Mao Tse Tung for two years, and when she died in 1970, her funeral was arranged by Premier Chou En-Lai.  How come you and me cannot get state funerals?

Deng Xiaoping studied Marxism in France before becoming  leader of the Communist Party of China.

Mysterious Maurice Strong, a self-confessed socialist, was the man who put the United Nations into the environmental business.  He was the man in the shadows of UN , manipulating all UN secretaries general from U Thant to Kofi Annan.  

His astonishing reign of influence in world affairs lasted from 1962 to 2005, tille he screwed himself.  Maurice baby and Rothschild,  worked in tandem , in blowing up carbon di oxide as the culprit for global warming .

Maurice F. Strong was a former under-secretary general of the United Nations.  He was an active honorary professor at Peking University and Honorary Chairman of its Environmental Foundation.
Maurice baby along with boss Rothschild founded the World Conservation Bank . In 1991 its name was changed to The Global Environment  Facility (GEF).
 
The purpose of this facility is to lend money to the poorest countries, printed by the IMF out of thin air, and with the guarantee of our governments.  The facility takes wilderness areas with mineral riches as security.

When a country cannot repay loans to the GEF it must give up a piece of its territory to the Rothschild banks (GEF, IMF, World Bank) – up to 30% of the Earth are meant.  If land cannot be offered as collateral the country must starve ( example Haiti ) .

Rothschild´s  stroke of genius was that he had his GEF smuggled into the UN system at the Rio UN Summit in 1992 by his side kick Maurice Strong.  So now high-ranking ministerial officials from 179 countries are in the council of the bank – allowing Rothschild to grab this planet by its short curlies.

Rothschild and his lobbied up henchmen are now joining the race of certain governments (China, Saudi Arabia), to buy up large areas of farmland in developing countries, having the crops transported back to the home countries. 



This leaves the locals, already starving, with much less crops available – with food prices rising rapidly. This is the ultimate goal of Rothschild’s New World Order Strong made his fortune in the oil and energy business running companies .

In 1972 Maurice man organised for U Thant the first Earth Summit, The Stockholm Conference on the Human Environment.  This led to the formation of UN Environment Program with Maurice Strong at its head.

In 1989 Maurice Strong was appointed  Secretary General of the Earth Summit and in 1992, he gave amazing global warming bull while speaking at the Earth Summit II in Rio.



Investigations into the UN’s Oil-for-Food-Program found that Strong had endorsed a cheque for $988,885 made out to Maurice baby.-- issued by a Jordanian bank. The man who gave the cheque, South Korean business man Tongsun Park was convicted in 2006 in a US Federal court of conspiring to bribe UN officials. 



Maurice baby ran to China and has been  hiding there  ever since. 

Below video:  Maurice Strong and the global warming SCAM.



Following his exposure for bribery and corruption in the UN’s Oil-for-Food scandal Maurice Strong was stripped of many of his 53 international awards and honours he had collected during his lifetime working in dual role of arch conservationist and ruthless businessman.

Enter Jew Sidney Shapiro.



Shapiro born 23, 1915  is an American-born Chinese author and translator who has lived in China since 1947.  

He resides in Beijing, and is a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Council. He is one of very few naturalized citizens of the PRC.

Shapiro has held citizenship of the People's Republic of China since 1963, before the Cultural Revolution. Shapiro's connections with China began during the World War II, when he was serving in the United States armed forces.

He speaks and writes fluent  Chinese. He landed in Shanghai China  in 1947.

He married a Chinese actress named Fengzi ..  She started spilling the beans about fellow actress Mao’s fourth wife Jiang Qing’s  debauched  past  and was  was detained for four years.   His only daughter was sent away to the countryside to do labor as a nice vendetta.

For nearly 50 years, he was employed by the state-run Foreign Languages Press (FLP) as a Chinese translator , but was actually doing propaganda for Rothschild.


Enter Jew Sidney Rittenberg.



Above:  Mao's financier and translator Rittenberg.

He is from a Jewish family in Charleston, South Carolina USA.  He came to China and worked closely with People's Republic of China (PRC) founder Mao Zedong, military leader Zhu De, statesman Zhou Enlai, and other leaders of the Communist party during the second world war.,

He was the first American citizen to join the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). Foreign nationals are not allowed to be naturalized as Chinese citizens.  This speaks of Rothschild’s control over China.

In Yan'an, Mr Rittenberg worked for Rothschild controlled Xinhua. This news agency that still exists today.  Rittenberg also worked for Radio Peking.

Shortly after the communists took power in 1949, Mr Rittenberg was accused of being a spy and sent to prison.  He spent time in solitary confinement, and was only released in 1955.  He was pretending to be part of the United Nations famine relief program at that time.

In February 1968, several members of the "Dr. Norman Bethune - Yan'an rebel group" were arrested, among them Rittenberg.  Mao had enough of this double agent.

In November 1977, after Mao’s death Rittenberg was released and rehabilitated by Rothschild’s man Deng Xiopeng.  Deng even whitewashed  him as a “true friend of China”.  Under Mao's successor, Deng Xiaoping, the Chinese Communist party ditched many of the former chairman's ideas and principles.

In March 1980, he moved back to the United States, to facilitate Jews to invest in China, as part of Chinese Perestroika.

Rittenberg and his wife operate Rittenberg & Associates, a consulting firm that provides assistance and inside information to Jew businesses who work with Chinese companies.

Sixteen of Rittenberg's 35 years in China were spent as a prisoner in solitary confinement on charges of being a double agent and spy..  

He spent sixteen years in prison, the first year in solitary confinement and total darkness except when he was being interrogated and the remaining fifteen years in permanent lighting without the benefit of darkness.

Enter Jew Virginius Frank Coe.



He was a Rothschild man.

Jew Coe was technical secretary at the Bretton Woods Conference in 1944, when IMF was formed.

IMF is a Rothschild controlled organization..

The International Monetary Fund (IMF) ,  was initiated in 1944 at the Bretton Woods Conference and formally created in 1945 by 29 member countries.  The IMF's stated goal was to assist in the reconstruction of the world's international payment system post–World War II.  

Countries contribute money to a pool through a quota system from which countries with payment imbalances can borrow funds temporarily. Rothschild will have their quintessential "SHYLOCK" pound of flesh in these deals
. 
Rothschild controls and micromanages the IMF and World Bank.  

Our new RBI governor Raghuram Rajan who took over today, was the chief economist of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) .  We Indians know that he is a Rothschild stooge  .
So, how does the IMF and the World Bank work?




Our own PM Manmohan Singh worked for a Rothschild financial concern before he became India's Finance Minister, as a part of re-orientation.  He was the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.

Our poor PM Chandrasekhar was reduced to selling our Gold in 1991, and World Bank and IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Paaji was made Finance Minister.  And later Italian Queen Bee would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Paaji as PM -- going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy.

They put a country in debt, in such a big debt it can`t pay it, and then they will offer to refinance that debt, and pay you even more interest, and you demand this quid pro quo which you call a “conditionality” or “good Paaji governance”.

Their  bouncers – nay- watch dogs are S&P, Fitch, Moody’s etc.


Rothschild stooge Manmohan Singh was made the Finance Minister of India or IMF would NOT give a loan to India.  Rothschild had done the same with SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh ( won Magsaysay award twice ) who was knighted in 1944 just because he had a Jew British wife. Rothschild would NOT give India a loan to procure wheat from USA unless our SIR was made Finance Minister of India.   



SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh attended the Breton Woods Conference to create IMF on invitation of Rothschild in July1944 . ) Rothschild liked him, and he was a member of the Board of Governors of both of IMF for the next ten years

This process of manipulation by the corporato-cracy through the use of debt, bribery and, political overthrow is called “Globalization”.  Just as the federal reserve keeps the American public in a position of indentured servitude through perpetual debt, inflation and interest, the World Bank and IMF serve this role on a global scale.

The basic scam is simple.  Put a country in debt either by its own indiscretion or through corrupting the leader of that country, then , impose conditionalities, or Structural Adjustment Policies…often consisting of currency devaluation, privatization of state-owned enterprises trade liberalization.. Or the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on FDI in multibrand retail or Insurance sector or foreign trade. The rating agencies will give low growth bull percentages.

This allows for a number of abusive economic manifestations… such as Jewish Walmart and Monsanto type transnational corporations bringing in their own mass produced products, undercutting the indigenous production and ruining local economies… Today, countless farmers are out of work, for they are unable to compete with the large corporations.

Another variation is the creation of numerous, seemingly unnoticed, unregulated, inhumane sweatshop factories, which take advantage of the imposed economic hardship.

On July 1, 1946, Coe resigned from the Treasury Department to become the first Secretary of the Rothschild controlled International Monetary Fund.

Coe, who was also a Jewish Communist agent, was a member of the infamous Silvermaster spy Cell.

Virginius Frank Coe (1907-1980) worked in the Board of Economic Warfare and later became the Director of Monetary Research in the United States Department of the Treasury. 

Coe also worked in the Foreign Economic Administration.  After World War II Coe was ZE leading official of the International Monetary Fund (IMF) from 1946 to 1952

In 1958 Coe moved permanently to China to work for the Maoist regime during the Great Leap Forward.

Before that it was splashed in Rothschild’s media that Co was getting the heat in USA for being a Soviet spy.  Usual Rothschild method.  Force a man to flee and get another nation to welcome him with open arms.

Coe participated in Mao's Great Leap Forward, a mighty plan for the rapid industrialization and modernization of China.  Mao assigned him to his Chinese economic think tank, the Institute of World Economics, where they provided advice on international trade and global macroeconomic conditions. Rothschild knew exactly what Mao would do next.

Coe died in Beijing, China on June 2, 1980 at the age of 73.

The Jew Illuminati owns Wal-Mart and Wal-Mart has more than 700 plants in China. There is almost nothing in a Walmart store that comes from the United States of America, despite all the eagles on the wall.  They have big flags saying " Be American, Buy American" and there's hardly anything from America in their stores.  Lobbied up Congress has welcomed Walmart to India, whose style is to put politicians ( including opposition ) and media in their payroll ..

The Silvermaster Cell, was one of the many NKVD/KGB cells that had infiltrated to top levels of the US federal government.

Few China specific Jew "representatives" the USA sent to the Founding Convention of the U.N.

Here they are - with their KGB code names.
Solomon Adler = "SACHS" in Golos-Bentley group - in Treasury Dept
Virginius Frank Coe = "PEAK" - US Treasury Dept - US rep to IMF
Nathan Gregory Silvermaster = "PAL" "ROBERT" - Board of Economic Warfare
Harry Dexter White = "JURIST" "LAWYER" "RICHARD" -Asst Sec of Treasury - wrote a tax plan for Soviet Union !



Above: Chairman Mao and his Jews. Israel Epstein ( first left ) , Anna Louis Strong ( third left ) , Frank Coe ( second right ) , Solomon Adler ( first right )


Above video: After making an A$$ of the whole planet -- Rothschild would have been chucking and smirking in private over brandy and cigars like Muttley above.

Enter Jew Solomon Adler.



Above : Jew Solomon Adler with Chairman Mao.

Solomon Adler (August 6, 1909 — August 4, 1994) was an economist who worked in the U. S. Treasury Department, serving as Rothschild’s Treasury representative in China from 1941 to 1938., which included the  World War II.

He returned to China in the 1950s and was a resident there from the 1960s until his death, working as a translator, economic advisor, and possibly with the Central External Liaison Department, a Chinese intelligence agency.

Adler shared a house with Chi Ch’ao ting(Ji Chaoding) Chinese Ministry of Finance official.  and  John Service.  In 1944, John Service was Second Secretary of the U.S. Embassy in Chungking, China.

Solomon Adler as a Treasury official in Chungking who was also a member of an NKVD espionage ring known as the Silvermaster group.

Adler reported from China to Treasury Secretary Jew Henry Morgenthau, Jr. during the war years -- while serving as Treasury attache in China in 1944.

Jew Henry Morgenthau, Jr. was Rothschild’s hatchet man in USA  .  Even US presidents were scared of him.  



He was the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury during the administration of US president Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt.  

Morgenthau was a Rothschild’s eye ,ear and right hand man  in the Bretton Woods Conference, which established the Bretton Woods system, the International Monetary Fund and the International Bank for Reconstruction and Development (the World Bank).  

Both IMF and World Bank are controlled by Rothschild.  

Later Jew Henry Morgenthau, Jr.   became a financial advisor to Israel.

Rothschild did internal sabotage using Solomon Adler and caused amazing hyper inflation in China between 1943 and 1945 .  It was  more than 1,100% per year, to deliberately weaken  the Nationalist government in China . This helped the Communists eventually to come to power in China, delivering hundreds of millions of people into their hands.

Adler  worked for twenty years for the Chinese Communist Party's Central External Liaison Department, an agency involved in foreign espionage.  Before his death in Aug 1994 in China , he was an “Advisor” to the External Liaison Department of the Central Committee of the CCP.

Professor Chen Lin of the Beijing Foreign Studies University, had these mushy words to say about Adler who screwed China royally. At a meeting jointly held September 5, 2009 by the China Society for People's Friendship Studies (PFS) and the university in Beijing, 

He spAke.

QUOTE Solomon Adler was an old friend of the Chinese people and to our senior Party and government leaders, including Chairman Mao Zedong, Premier Zhou Enlai and many others. Ever since WWII, when he was working in the US embassy to China in Chongqing, he was sympathetic with the Chinese people's fight for national independence and democracy. He worked selflessly and conscientiously for and made great contributions to the cause of the Chinese people for liberation and socialist construction and for their endeavor to cement friendship between the Chinese people and peoples of the world. Dear Sol, we shall always remember you.  One of Sol's many contributions to China and the Chinese people was his work on the English translation of our Party and government documents, including The Selected Works of Mao Zedong.  With his deep political understanding, fine language accomplishment, strong sense of responsibility and rigorous academic approach, he made a great contribution to the translation work for this country.     UNQUOTE

SNIFF!!

Enter Jew Israel Epstein , second time around.





Today we Indians need a Chinese fuc#in’ visa to go for a pilgrimage to Mount Kailash ( the abode of Lord Shiva ) and lake Manasarovar, which since antiquity has been part of India.



Whom do we thank?


Jew Israel Epstein, the Rothschild remote controlled propaganda minister of Mao.

He made a couple of visits to Tibet and then hey, presto , he becomes the new Tibet expert of this planet.

Israel Epstein was NOT a propaganda man, he was a liar.

He wrote that prior to the Communist takeover, poverty in Tibet was so severe that peasants had to hand over children to the manor as household slaves,  or nangzan, because they were too poor to raise them. So Communist Mao would be their savior, to the Western world.

The naked truth was that the Tibetan peasants were well off and immune to famine, whereas starvation , eating of dogs and cannibalism was common in China.  The so called slaves were just happy domestic workers (nangtsen) .

He described Tibet as a depraved place and society in which the concept of human rights was unknown. That it was ruled by an evil theocracy, beset by serfdorm which was a vicious form of slavery. He wrote lies that Tibet had a caste-like social hierarchy, and  lacked a proper judicial system and enforced penal mutilations.

The truth was that Tibetan Buddhists were happy in their work as they lead highly spiritual lives. They did NOT need red wine , base ball bats and music CDs.

This lying little Jew,  Israel Epstein portrayed Tibet as a feudal serfdom in which serfs suffered terribly under the despotic rule of lamas and aristocrats.  



The irony of all this is that Chinese authorities systematically looted the shrines and temples of all valuable jewelry, precious metals and antiques that were all trucked to China .

Israel Epstein’s propaganda in peer reviewed Rothschild’s magazines was that the same Mao rhetoric claiming that China was freeing Tibet, from evil serfdom, but from imperialist influence. 



Nehru under Edwina Mountbatten’s influence just watched China bring her border close to India. Edwina was Rothschild family.


Israel Epstein, was the son of a Rothschild’s Jewish Bolshevik agent who was imprisoned by the Czar in Russia for trying to foment a secret revolution there.


Israel Epstein, a naturalized Chinese citizen , and a member of the Communist party of China , was the fellow who wrote Mao’s little book and praised Mao’s fake long march to the skies, and sang endless praises about the march in Rothschild's peer reviewed media , to convert Mao into a living legend.



Above: left to right--  Rothschild's Jews Israel Epstein, Solomon Adler , Mao and Virginius Frank Coe

For more than half a century, he took the leading role in presenting Communist China in the best possible light in Beijings English–language publications controlled by Rothschild.

In the autumn of 1938, he joined the China Defense League, which had been established by Soong Ching-ling, Sun Yat-sen's widow.

From 1941 to In 1951 Israel Epstein was in USA.  In 1951 , Soong Ching-ling invited him to return to China to edit the magazine China Reconstructs, which was later renamed China Today. He remained editor-in-chief of China Today until his retirement at age 70, and then editor emeritus. 

During his tenure at China Today, he became a Chinese citizen in 1957 and a member of the Communist Party of China in 1964. 

During the Cultural Revolution, on charges of plotting against Zhou Enlai, he was imprisoned in 1968 in the north of Beijing in Qincheng Prison, where he was subjected to solitary confinement. 

Epstein and his wife were accused of plotting against Zhou Enlai . Neither of them knew what had become of the other until they were released in 1973 .

Epstein translated the sayings and writings of Mao and Deng Xiaoping and made Communist Chinese government shine in the west.

His funeral was held at the Babaoshan Cemetery for Revolutionaries, in Shijingshan District, Beijing on 3 June 2005 at 9:30 A.M.  The ceremony was attended by many officials, among them President Hu Jintao, Premier Wen Jiabao, as well as the Politburo.

Israel Epstein was hailed as a "true old friend of the Chinese people" by the country's official news agency. 

Enter Bengali Indian Manabendra Roy.



He is also known as MN Roy, the founder of Rothschild controlled.Indian communism. He was a kingpin who met Lenin, Stalin, Mao -- all the big fish.


Early in 1915, MN Roy was sent by Jatin Bagha to Germany to channelize promised German armaments which were believed to be en route, somewhere on the Pacific.

MN Roy would not see his homeland again for 16 years. And meanwhile he would be hijacked by Rothschild to form the Indian Communist party.

Who was Bagha Jatin?.

He would have been the father of the Indian nation, but for the fact that he was let down by people whom he trusted ..

Punch into Google search-

BAGHA JATIN, THE FATHER OF OUR NATION, NOT TO BE VADAKAYIL

Recently Advani was attacked by the Indian Communists when he said that Communists supported the Razakars of the Nawab of Hyderabad , in their fight against the Indian state. 

Advani is right.

But as soon as the Nawab fell the Indian communists turned coats and started killing the Hyderabadi Muslim Razakars.

M.N.Roy married Evelyn Trent in 1917  in USA.  She was a Rothschild opium funded Stanford university graduate, who played a Jewish role in the Bolshevik revolution.

She got him brainwashed to Communism – and then both toiled together to transport and spread the ideology to India. 

Evelyn Trent was introduced to MN Roy by Rothschild stooge Dr. David Starr Jordan , the Jewish President of Stanford University in his house.  Nehru's poet friend Dhan Gopal also had a role. Today Lynn Rothschild teaches at Stanford.  This university was funded By Rothschild .  Dr Jordan studied at Cornell.  


MN Roy was initiated into Communism in USA by Mikhail Markovich Borodin, from the Russian Bolshevik Party .  I will introduce this Communist Jew later.

Jew Lenin has invited Evelyn Trent to Russia in 1918 to teach  Communism at the International Political school.  Evelyn Trent or Shanti Devi was there at the first Indian Communist Party Meeting at Tashkent in 1922. 

The Communist Party of India was founded in Tashkent, Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic on October 17, 1920, soon after the Second Congress of the Communist International.

The founding members of the party were M.N. Roy, Evelyn Trent Roy (Roy's wife), Abani Mukherji, Rosa Fitingof (Abani's wife), Mohammad Ali (Ahmed Hasan), Mohammad Shafiq Siddiqui, Rafiq Ahmed of Bhopal and M.P.B.T. Acharya.

M N Roy and Evelyn separated in 1925 and she came back to USA where she settled and died in 1970.  

Why NOT?

She had NIL romantic interest in MN Roy.  This was strict Jewish honeypot business. And Bagha Jatin’s freedom movement was nicely and effectively  scuttled.

Evelyn preferred to remain anonymous and never gave interviews. M N Roy was supposed to be a truth teller; did not tell truth about his first wife.

Like how Netaji Subhash Chandra  Bose told the Bongs that he does NOT have children.

According to brainwashed Roy, no philosophical advancement is possible unless we get rid of religion and become an atheist—be mindless monsters— yes,  the theory of Rothschild’s Jewish relative Karl Marx.


M.N.Roy was invited to attend the Second Congress of the Communist International in Moscow by Jew Lenin .  Roy was befriended by the top Jewish leaders of the Communist Party, including Trotsky, Stalin, Bukharin and met the famous writer Maxim Gorky. He must have felt like ZE cat's whiskers.

Roy tom tommed  that a philosophical revolution must precede a social civil war and revolution.
From 1917 to  1925  Evelyn Trent  collaborated with M.N.Roy in the physical and intellectual  development of the international communist movement .

M.N.Roy at once started working for the establishment of  the Communist Party in India. He was elected Chairman of Central Asiatic Bureau of the Comintern.

On October 17, 1920 ,  the first Communist Party of India was started in exile. M.N. Roy and Evelyn played a key role in setting up the Communist Party of India in Tashkent. They sent Rothschild’s money, literature and advice to the Indian communists .


He along with Evelyn traveled to Tashkent with full load of Russian arms and ammunition in a train. They established an Indian Military school in Tashkent and trained some Mujahirs who traveled from India—how do you like that?.

Between 1921 and 1929 M.N. Roy had a meteoric rise in the International Communist movement. He played a significant role in China and India.  In 1921, M.N. Roy along with Jew  Stalin established Communist University of the Toilers of the East.


Future Presidents and Prime Ministers of colonial countries underwent training in this Institute where Roy and Evelyn taught.  Ho Chi Minh, later the supreme leader of Vietnam,  studied in this school.  I will put a separate post on Rothschild's communist stooges Ho Chi Minh and Pol Pot later.




Above:  Evelyn Trent, the secret wife of MN Roy.  After she finished with her husband she discarded him like a used curry leaf.

MN Roy and Evelyn divorced in 1925 and then his misfortunes began. Jew Stalin refused to meet Roy and give him a hearing at the plenum in February 1928.

In 1927 M.N.Roy was asked to help the Communist Party in China.  He went there along with  Jewess Louise Geissler, a prominent communist from Switzerland.  MN Roy met Mao Tse Tung, ChouEn-Lai,  and other top leaders.  Roy gave Mao hazaaaar advise about agrarian revolution and creation of a proper revolutionary army.

The Kuomintang government in China hunted the communists and M.N. Roy had to escape via Gobi desert to Russia.  Leadership quarrels in Russia cropped up, and upstart Roy was kept away from the mainstream. 

While in Moscow Jawaharlal Nehru met him in secret.  Both worked together and nobody got a whiff of this.

Whaaaa?

Nehru and Communists?

Yeah !

Nehru and Communists!!

By now Stalin was pissed off with MN Roy, for Stalin never liked lesser hilly billy Mao. 

Roy was expelled from the Party.  M.N. Roy decided to return to India after a long gap. He travelled under pseudo passport as Banerjee and arrived in India secretly in 1930. 

At the Congress party at its Karachi,  M.N. Roy was in that session along with Subhas Chandra Bose and Jawaharlal Nehru.  Mahmood was the pseudo name of M.N. Roy in India.  

MN Roy was captured in July 1931 in Bombay, tried in Kanpur Jail on the charge of sedition and sentenced to transportation for 12 years, which, on appeal, was reduced to 6 years hard labour in jail.

Rothschild arm told German Jew Albert Einstein,  to appeal to the British rulers for kind and humane treatment of M.N. Roy.   All a great sham--  Indian masses fell hook, like and sinker for this .  

Of course with generous help from Rothschild monopolized media. 

MN Roy was now a world hero. While in jail MN Roy would write many books on Communism. 

Ever noticed that most of our freedom fighters were writing books while under comfortable house arrest ?  These books would be vetted and edited by Rothschild’s agents.  

The following MN Roy books were published during 1937 to 1945 from his jail , volumes under the titles: 
The Historical Role of Islam, Heresies of 20th Century, Science and Superstition, Man and Nature, From Savagery to Civilization, Nationalism: An Antiquated Cult, The Philosophy of Fascism, The Ideal of Indian Womanhood, Letters from Jail, Memoir of a Cat, Science and Philosophy and India's Message.  

Real profligate writing by MN Roy.  

Must have consumed a truckload of Rothschild’s ink and paper.

India and War, Alphabet of Fascist Economy, Draft Constitution of Free India, People's Freedom, Poverty or Plenty, The Problems of Freedom, INA and the August Revolution, Jawaharlal Nehru: The Last Battle for Freedom.

For example Chitpavan Brahmin Lok Manya Bal Gangadhara Tilak would be visited regularly in jail by Max Muller,  and he wrote the famous book "Arctic home of the Vedas ". This means the blue eyed blonde Aryans invaded India and wrote our Vedas, right?.  TEEE HEEEEE !!!

On his release in November 1936, Roy joined the Indian National Congress and organised the league of Radical Congressman. He supported subhas chandra bose to become the President of INC.  His differences on war policy with the Congress High Command made him and his followers resign from Congress and form the Radical Democratic Party.

Born on 21 March 1887, his early name was Narendra Nath Bhattacharjee and was known in this name till 1916.  Though he adopted different names such as C Martin, Hari Sing, Mr White, D Garcia, Dr Mahmood, Mr Banerjee etc at different times in conducting revolutionary activities, he was known as Manabendra Nath Roy (MN Roy), the name he adopted at San Francisco to evade arrest. 

In his young age itself he attended meetings addressed by Surendranath Banerjea Later on he was introduced to the Anushilan samiti of Aurobindo Ghosh. He experimented in bomb making and practised shooting in the Sundarbans. 

Wanna know what type of desh drohi Indians were controlling the Indian National Congress?

Punch into Google search-

SURENDRANATH BANNERJEE GETS KNIGHTED FOR HELPING BRITISH WITH DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL

In July 1937, the first Kerala unit of CPI was founded at a clandestine meeting in Calicut, my hometown.  Five persons were present at the meeting, P.Krishnapillai E.M.S. Namboodiripad, N.C. Sekhar, K. Damodaran and S.V. Ghate.   Contacts between the CSP in Kerala and the CPI had begun in 1935.

In July 1942, the CPI was legalised. Communists strengthened their control over the All India Trade Union Congress.  

How many of you know that ITF is packed with Jews .

The principal mass organisations of the CPI are:

All India Trade Union Congress
All India Youth Federation
All India Students Federation
National Federation of Indian Women
All India Kisan Sabha (peasants organisation)
Bharatiya Khet Mazdoor Union (agricultural workers)

MN Roy proved his ability through his writings like India in Transition, The Advance Guard,  The Masses of India. etc

M.N. Roy rose to the top positions and held many posts. He was in the Comintern Executive, Politburo, Presidium and Colonial Commission.


M.N.Roy wrote his Memoirs which was serialised in Radical Humanist weekly from India and later as a book in Bombay. He never ever mentioned the name of his Jewish honeypot Communist wife who brainwashed him into Communism who found the émigré Communist Party of India in Tashkent.

Poor Indian Communists.

Below: Brinda Karat, Sitaram Yechuri, Prakash Karat.  

I never hit anybody below the belt,  never done it till today , and it is NOT my style.  

But our Communist leader Brinda Karat hit our respected Hindu yogi Swami Ramdev below the belt ( when she said that he mixed human body parts in his organic medicines  -- even Indian communists know deep inside their hearts what the truth is ). 

--  tom-tommed by every foreign funded Indian TV channel and media.  




Like sheep in George Orwell’s ANIMAL FARM.

Pity these people— who are being dragged by their nostrils by people like Brinda Karat and NDTV.
The Maoist corridor in India is now occupying 25% of our motherland. 



Wanna know how converted Dalits Christians are the new Maoists on the block?  They get regular visits from Arundhati Roy, the cousin of NDTV’s Prannoy Roy.

Below: The Maoists hope to run over India in another decade. The government of the waitress did NOT show any political will to stop this. 



Punch into Google search-

BAUXITE MINING NAXAL MENACE VADAKAYIL

In 1947, MN Roy critically analysed the events of USSR since 1917, in his monumental volume named The Russian Revolution.  In 1948,  he revised Marxism in his two books Beyond Marxism and New Humanism.

MN Roy married his second wife Ellen Gottsechalk in 1937 . The Amrita Bazaar Patrika depicted him as the "lonely lion who roamed about the world"

Xcusi please-- can we amend this as the lonely ATHEIST lion?

SNIFF !

Below video:  White Bro Christian Nathaniel is hyperventilating.




Enter Jew Mikhail Markovich Borodin.



This was the Latvian Communist who taught MN Roy his nuts and bolts, while in USA.

Originally named Mikhail Gruzenberg,  Borodin  (1884-1951) was a Bolshevik party advisor sent by Jew Lenin to China in 1923.

Jew Mikhail Borodin joined the Bolshevik party in Imperial Russia in 1903 .

In 1905, Borodin was sent by Lenin  as a Communist agent sent to USA to work underground with Trotsky  for whipping up support for killing the Czar and putting Jewish Communism in place

After the October Revolution of 1917, in Russia Borodin  returned to Russia. From 1919 to 1922, he worked in , the United States and the United Kingdom as a Comintern agent.

While in USA Borodin functioned as Lenin's personal envoy,  a spy , an organizer of Communist secret schemes  abroad, and a a recruiter of talented revolutionaries (like  M.N. Roy, who was a co-worker of Ho Chi Minh).

After Dr. Sun Yat Sen's death in 1925, he remained an advisor to the Kuomintang government until 1927.   Borodin was sent by the Kremlin to Bolshevise Sun Yat‑Sen and became Chief Political Adviser to the Kuomintang.  His wife, a Jewess, spied in China for Rothschild's Soviets Jews.

When Sun died, Borodin in effective charge and it was he who appointed Chiang Kai‑Shek to succeed Sun in 1926—such was Rothschild financial hold.

As Comintern agent in China between 1923 and 1927, Borodin arranged shipments of Soviet arms to the Kuomintang government in Canton, China.

Borodin negotiated the First United Front between the Chinese Nationalist Party of Sun Yat Sen and the Chinese Communist Party. 

Under his tutelage, both parties reorganized on the Leninist principles of democratic centralism and organized training institutes for mass organizations, such as the Peasant Training Institute, where the young Mao Zedong served.

He was a prominent adviser to Dr. Sun Yat Sen at that time. Following his suggestion the Whampoa Military Academy was established.

After Dr. Sun Yat Sen's death in 1925, he remained an advisor to the Kuomintang government until 1927,   Borodin was sent by the Kremlin to Bolshevise Sun Yat‑Sen and became Chief Political Adviser to the Kuomintang. His wife, a Jewess, spied in China for the Soviets.

When Sun died, Borodin was left in charge and it was he who appointed Chiang Kai‑Shek to succeed Sun in 1926— such was his Rothschild financial hold.

Leon Trotsky  instructed Borodin to enforce leftist land revolution policies on the Nationalists and to mobilize an army of peasants and workers in order to seize control of the party.

Borodin gave the Chinese Nationalists Rothschild’s funds in developing a party army, which made them a powerful force in Chinese politics.  After Sun Yat-sen’s death in 1925, Chiang Kai-shek, back from training in Moscow, became head of the army. 

The Soviet embassy in Peking was ransacked, and Comintern codes and ciphers and secret documents were seized (including a secret plan for the ''Bolshevization of China'' by means of terror, guerrilla warfare and infiltration).  The fact that he was the holder of the Soviets' highest honor at the time, the Order of the Red Banner, could not save him.

In 1927 Chiang broke with the communists.

Chiang Kai-Shek, head of the right wing of the party, purged communists in the bloody Shanghai Massacre of 1927 but allowed Borodin to "escape" by car to the Soviet Union along with Sun Yat-sen's wife , on getting arm twisted by Rothschild..

Returning to Moscow, Borodin served as deputy people’s commissar for labour, deputy director of Tass news agency, and, from 1932, editor of the Moscow Daily News, published in English..

In 1949, he was arrested in the context of antisemitic repressions and died two years later in May 29, 1951, Siberia , Lefortovo prison , after sever torture.

He was the king pin who built the loosely structured Nationalist Party (Kuomintang) of Sun Yat-sen into a highly centralized Leninist-style organization, dying an ignoble martyr’s death. 

Borodin had once towered like a colossus ''over the Chinese scene ... when more than 300,000 Chinese passed in inspection review before him.

Trotsky, had once said  ''The road to Paris and London lies via the plains of Punjab and Bengal - and the towns of China"

China represented an attractive ''Eastern route'' to world revolution.. ''The outcome of the struggle,'' advised Jew Lenin, ''will be determined by the fact that Russia, India, China, etc., constitute the overwhelming majority of the population of the globe.''

Enter Jew Grigorii NaumovichVoitinsky.



Grigorii N. Voitinsky (1893-1953);  was emissary to China from Soviet Third Communist International (Comintern).  

In 1920, the Soviet Union established the Far Eastern Bureau in Siberia, a branch of the Third Communist International, or the Comintern. It was responsible for managing the establishment of a Communist party in China and other countries.

Soon after its establishment, the bureau's deputy manager Voitinsky arrived in Beijing and contacted the Communist leader, Chen Duxiu, in Shanghai.

The Shanghai Chronicle was set up in 1919 in Shanghai by Rothschild with enormous funds to propagate Communism..

Voitinsky was  sent over to China by the Comintern chairman, a Jew named Ovsei-Gershon Aronovich Radomyslsky Apfelbaum., also known as  Grigory Yevseevich Zinoviev.

Zinoviev was  the longtime head of the Communist International and was a stooge of Jew Lenin. During Lenin's illness, Zinoviev, his sidekick  Kamenev, and Joseph Stalin formed a ruling 'triumvirate' (or 'troika') in the Communist Party, playing a key role in the marginalization of Leon Trotsky. 

Pretty soon  Stalin wrestled control of the Leningrad party organization and government from Zinoviev and had him dismissed from all regional posts, leaving only the Comintern as a potential power base for Zinoviev.  In August 25 1936, Stalin got Zinoviev  executed by bullets.

Voitinsky assumed the guise of an editor for the newspaper, and soon set up the Comintern's East Asia Secretariat in the newspaper office.  Shanghai Chronicle became both a propaganda vehicle for the East Asia Secretariat and a cover for Bolshevik activity in China.  

The newspaper as a whole played a special role in the early communist movement in China. Voitinsky inculcated Sun Yat Sen , and Mao  in all the finest details of Marxist-Leninist theory. 

Enter Jew Morris Abraham Cohen.



Here is a British born Jew , a criminal delinquent ,  a pickpocket and thief as a child who became a Chinese General, thanks to Rothschild.

The attractive wife of Sun Yat Sen loved him more that her own life, and he too reciprocated, though he was an ace womaniser.



Above: Song Ching Ling , wife of Sun Yat Sen.

QUOTE :  It was 1922. Cohen secured an interview with Sun Yat-sen in his home.  Morris recalled this first meeting with his idol: “…we’d hardly begun to talk when Madame Sun walked in, and after that I’d only got eyes for her” (Charles Drage, Two-Gun Cohen, p. 83). UNQUOTE 

Cohen wrangled a job for himself as a personal body guard for Sun Yat Sen’s household.  

He sort of  worshipped Madame Sun to the point of self-sacrifice.  Once in Hong Kong he nearly died for her.

Everybody thought that Morris was lying as usual about his secret affair . But everything fell in place when he died in 1970 at Manchester England at the age of 83 .

He was buried in the Blakely Jewish cemetery in Salford.  

Madame Sun Yat Sen , the VP of China , displayed rare character and paid for his tombstone, dictating the inscription in English and Chinese via the Chinese Embassy in London: “This is the tomb of Ma Kun ( pet name ) inscribed by Soong Qingling, vice chairman of the People’s Republic of China Beijing.”

What more evidence is required for this amazing relationship?



People go there to the cemetery to read the inscription Madame Soong Ching Ling placed on Morris’s tombstone, in the Jewish cemetery.

Morris was a petty thief and pickpocket under the tutelage of a crook known as "Harry the Gonof." (Gonof means thief in Yiddish.) a Fagin type character who employed a child gang.  

He smashed up glass windows in order to drum up business for an glass merchant who bribed him. When he was caught and brought before the Juvenile Court. when he claimed to be two years younger in order to get a lighter sentence.

How did he become so close to Sun Yat Sen?


Cohen migrated to Canada .  After the war, Cohen frequented Chinese gambling dens in Canada, where he became friends with many Chinese immigrants.  Cohen had become a great hero to the Chinese-Canadian community in Saskatoon when he came to the aid of young Sun Yat Sen , a friend of Mah Sam, the Chinese restaurant owner.  

Sun had come to Canada meet Jewish Communist agents.  He was rewarded for this fine effort and he went back hoppety hop to England to buy his impoverished tailor father Yosef a new house . .

This heist was set up by Morris Cohen himself, on the prompting of Rothschild's agents. Cohen fought against all odds and saved Sun Yat Sen -- Bollywood movie style. 

Sen was regarded by the Canadian indentured Chinese labourers as "George Washington" of China after he overthrew the Qing Dynasty in 1911 and became the founder of the first Republic of China.   

So in 1922, by special invitation , Morris Cohen traveled to China hired to work for Yat-Sen as a bodyguard.




He shadowed Sun Yat Sen everywhere all the while letting Rothschild know what is happening. Once when he was  nicked by a bullet, when 3 assailants attacked Sun ( this time a real attack ) , Cohen started carrying a second gun.  All were  intrigued by Sun's gun-toting protector and began calling him "Two-Gun Cohen." 

The name stuck.

Cohen trained Sun's  armed forces to handle guns and  shoot, and was known as a colonel in Sun Yat-sen's army.  In 1922, he was named Director of the Chinese secret service.

His standing as a loyal aide to Sun Yat-sen helped him maintain good relations with both Kuomintang and Chinese Communist leaders.  He was instrumental in smuggling in weapons sent by Rothschild’s agents using Opium money.  

He was also an adviser to Wu Tiecheng, the Canton police chief, who eventually became the mayor of Shanghai.  He was involved in setting up the first Military Academy in China at  Whampoa. A picture exists of Morris in a white tropical suit and hat, towering over a hundreds of Chinese cadets.  Pictures exist of Morris with Mao Tse Tung.

Though Morris Cohen knew good Chinese , as he worked with Chinese and played in their gambling dens at Canada , he pretended that he did NOT know the language , and Madame Sun acted as his interpreter— and they often travelled nice and cosy together.

The Chinese were one of the largest and probably most visible immigrant populations in British Columbia, brought there as miners during the gold rush, then as laborers building the transcontinental railway. Many provided much needed services in these male-dominated towns – restaurants as well as brothels and gambling dens.

On Sun Yat‑Sen's death bed, this Jew was commended to Chiang Kai‑Shek and he was employed as liaison officer between the Canton Government and all foreign Consulates‑General. Cohen became known in China as Moi‑Sha, and was made Military Counsellor to the Cantonese Forces, and a General, although still a British subject .

Madame Sun forced him to marry and Cohen went back to Canada and married a Jewess Judith Clark.

Cohen  spent extensive periods in Hong Kong, which as a British colony seemed fairly safe from Japanese attack.  Madame Sun had settled there, and Cohen served as her personal bodyguard.  In December 1941, he started urging her to escape, sure she would make an ideal target for the Japanese. The Japanese attacked Hong Kong, Malaya, and the Philippines concurrently with Pearl Harbor, on December 7–8. 

By December 25, the British had lost Hong Kong.  Cohen made sure that Madame Sun was safely airlifted out to Chongqing .  

Cohen was caught and taken to the mainland for questioning because the Japanese were aware of his reputation and close ties to the Chinese government.  He was imprisoned and beaten upbadly. After a week or so, a rumor spread that he was to be executed.  

He gave away everything he had to other prisoners, and was then forced to kneel down in the interrogation room. A Japanese officer drew a huge Samurai sword, and Cohen muttered Shema Yisrael and awaited his end.  Instead he got a kick in the ribs and was set free— thanks to Rothschild’s magic.

In 1948, he helped Zionists in Palestine acquire weapons and trained them. 

After the 1949 Communist takeover, Cohen was one of the few people who was able to move between Taiwan and mainland China. 

When the newly formed United Nations began the debate on the UN Resolution on the Partition of Palestine, following the UN Special Committee on Palestine recommendation, Morris Cohen flew to San Francisco in 1945 and convinced the head of the Chinese delegation to abstain from voting when he learned they planned to oppose partition.  

Eye witnesses say that Morris Cohen walked in like a kingpin as if he owned the place. 

All were surprised when was embraced warmly by the Chinese Ambassador Dr Wellington Koo, and the two most powerful financial figures in China, T.V.Soong ( Rothschild’s Opium agents and the brothers of Madame Sun Yat Sen and Madame Chiang Kai Shek. ) and HH Kung, the richest man of China and 75th generation descendant of Confucious , also a Rothschild's banking agent.

Morris Cohen is thus a hero for Israel-- thanks to Rothschild's magic again.

In 1966, Cohen was invited to make an official visit to China in 1966, for the hundredth anniversary of Sun Yat-sen’s birth, where he was the only Westerner on the podium.

By the way-

In Goa we have today a Russian Jewish community, who are afforded VISA ON ARRIVAL by our waitress turned empress.  

They have been allowed to thrive with their drug business unhindered.

None of these Israeli and Russian Jews are friends of India. 


They have their own subversive agenda as they now hold land and money in India.  A lot of politicians are on their payroll all over India. 


We must NOT allow Chinese  and Russian Communist revolution history to be repeated in India.

Punch into Google search-

JEWISH RUSSIAN MAFIA  VADAKAYIL


Enter Jew Jakob Rosenfeld



How many of you know that USA had two Roosevelt Presidents , who were considered Christian. But they were crypto Jews with surname of Rosenfeld.

Rosenfeld was a spy for Rothschild.  Being a qualified Western doctor he has personal access to all big leaders in China.

Jew Rosenfeld, was born in Ukraine in 1902.  He graduated in medicine with a specialization in urology from Vienna University.

Propaganda was done that he escaped from a concentration camp for opposing Hitler's annexation of Austria.  He was allowed to enter China without a visa in 1939  with the help of Rothschild’s agents.

He joined the Chinese Communist 4th Army in Apr 1939  as a doctor.  He was commander of the Medical Corps.   He was also a special member of the Chinese Communist Party

Pretty soon with Rotshchild’s manoevering, he was elevated to the rank of general. How do you like that?   How come you and me can never become Chinese generals?


He rubbed shoulders with the Chinese elite, kept his ear to the ground while in the Communist Party's Central Committee . he became close with Liu Shaoqi and Chen Yi, who would later go on to become respectively president and foreign minister of China.


Mind you ,our man Rosenfeld had a very easy life in China . He was used to ZE easy life. But Rothschild controlled media made a hero out of him.

How he was attending to the wounded in the front line trenches at great risk to his life as a heroic field doctor for the New Fourth Army, the Eighth Route Army and the Northeast People's Liberation Army during the outbreak of Second Sino-Japanese war and Chinese civil war.

They quoted imaginary interviews , where grateful Chinese women called him “ Buddha “ and    General Luo  ( pet name ) for attending to their gynecology problems.. How he  participated in the People's Liberation Army's march on Beijing etc. In reality this man could NOT even walk as he had a heart problem.

In 1947 he became Minister of Health and a General ( without firing a gun ) in the Provisional Communist Military Government of China under Mao Tse Tung.

Elevated to the great rank of general, Rosenfeld tended to the elite in the Communist Party's Central Committee and forged close ties with Liu Shaoqi and Chen Yi, who would later go on to become respectively president and foreign minister of China.  

Liu Shaoqi was Party Secretary in North China in 1936,. Liu became Chairman of the People's Republic of China, China's head of state, from 27 April 1959 to 31 October 1968.

Mao Tse Tung had sidelined him in the later years, as he suspected him to be a spy for his enemies, and he fled from China in 1949 .  He would die in Israel 3 years later.

But Rothschild’s man Deng Xiopeng resurrected Rosenfeld and made him a Chinese hero when with the help of Rothschild’s media , when he came to power.. A Chinese postal stamp exists today with Rosenfeld’s face on it.

Today, Rosenfeld has a statue, and a hospital at Junan County, Shandong  . The museum exhibit in his honor at Beijing's National Museum of China  was inaugurated by Chinese President Hu Jintao.

Now every Chinese leader that goes to Israel places a flower at his grave in Ramat Gan near Tel Aviv.

SNIFF !!

Chinese were convinced that there is NO god,  by Rothschild’s jews .  They used Freemason Charles Darwin to full use.

Darwin's BULLSH#T evolution theory was made compulsory in ALL Chinese schools.

Who is Charles Darwin?

Punch into Goggle search-

CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL



WHICH IS THE GREATEST ROTHSCHILD HOAX ON THIS PLANET?


It is about his attempt to delete God !!


-- for Jewish created Communism says , there aint NO God!!!


To prove that Free Mason Charles Darwin is right that god did NOT create man, false evidence had to be created , exported , imported and manufactured about human evolution( sic!).  

It was necessary to find Darwin’s missing link between ape and man— and baffle the spiritual world..

Enter EVIL pseudo jesuit father Tielhard de Chardin.



This man was a fake Christian padre, and a stooge of Rothschild.

He was a trained Geologist and he scouted all over China looking for the missing link — but actually secretly charting China’s abundant reserves of minerals and natural resources for Rothschild to grab.

Can you imagine what I am talking about here?

A FAKE Peking man and a Piltdown man --as  “missing Darwin links” was manufactured to fool the world.



Father Tielhard de Chardin would first find the Piltdown Man — the missing link from a gravel pit at Piltdown, East Sussex, England in 1912.

This immoral man fooled the world with  a  super paleoanthropological hoax. 



The Piltdown man skull was constructed with the  lower jawbone of an orangutan with filed down teeth, deliberately combined with the skull of a fully developed modern human.  He faked the appearance of age by staining the bones with an iron solution and chromic acid.

The Piltdown man was to represent an evolutionary missing link between apes and humans, since the combination of a human-like cranium with an ape-like jaw tended to support the notion then prevailing in the West  that human evolution began with the brain.

He would also fool the whole Western world with great funda on Consciousness, Spirit, Mind over Matter etc—all lifted from the Hindu Vedas and Upanishads, without any understanding.

In December 1929, in a cave near Peking,  our Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin would uncover a prehuman bones -- again. 

The Rothschild monopolized media sang the praises of this fake discovery , Peking Man and  acclaimed this as the missing link between erect hunting apes and our Cro-Magnon ancestors. 



“Peking Man,”was a just a pathetic  and crude use of monkey bones he had modified to look “human”.

Hey, now I am in a very frisky mood , to break some bombshells on the (Henry type hard heads) white Christian man.

How any of them know why the last pope Joseph Ratzinger, or  Benedict XVI   resigned?

Why should they know — they do NOT have the perception to think about simple obvious matters.

If you  Google the disaster of World Trade Center you will find more than 350 million posts.

But a inferior brown skinned man ( as per Henry ) by the name of Capt Ajit Vadakayil is the only one on this planet, to get it right.

Punch into Google search-

MYSTERY OF 9/11 SOLVED, HYDROGEN FIRES  VADAKAYIL

Back to our ousted Pope.



Our man Pope Joseph Ratzinger aka  Benedict XVI   , has been praising Rothschild stooge Jesuit Father Tielhard de Chardin for the past 4 years— and I knew his game will be up soon.

You cant sit on the hot seat in Vatican , wear those funny robes , hold the curved staff, lisp out Latin and speak that GOD did NOT create ---

-- but everything evolved by science, the way Freemason Charles Darwin said, with lot of missing links ( using crazy glue or LOCTITE ) between monkey and man lying around.

On July 24th 2009, I saw him cook his own a$$, nay, goose.


He was praising Rothschild stooge evolutionist Pierre Teilhard de Chardin-- he could NOT stop singing his praises.

He spAke in the Homily at the Vespers , in the Cathedral of Aosta, L'Osservatore Romano.

BLAH BLAH -- liturgy may not be something alongside the reality of the world, but that the world itself shall become a living host, a liturgy. This is also the great vision of Teilhard de Chardin: in the end we shall achieve a true cosmic liturgy, where the cosmos becomes a living host-- BLAH BLAH

-- whatever all this BULL may mean. TEEE HEEEEEEEE !!



I guess only Amartya Sen whose wife is Rothschild, could do better with his Adam Smith and Economics bull !!!!



Emile Licent the French Jesuit was a partner of  Teilhard de Chardin while they scouted all over China for minerals and natural resources , while pretending to search for the “missing link” bones and teeth.

Pierre Teilhard de Chardin spent the years 1923-1946 in China.  Rothschild has provided him with a fleet of French cars.

Peking Man was “discovered” (sic!)  in China, in the 1920s.   The fossils, found about 25 miles from Peking (Beijing), consisted mostly of skull fragments and few teeth, with even fewer limb bones.  

All of the original bones were mysteriously "lost" between 1941 and 1945— may be our Frenchman shoved all of them up his a$$.

But hey, our fraudman man Teilhard cleverly made some duplicate casts which Rothschild’s media claimed was made from the original.

The truth surrounding Peking Man was kept from the public, while Rothschild controlled evolutionists acclaimed it as a "missing link." 

Teilhard participated in the 1935 Yale–Cambridge expedition in northern and central India with the geologist Helmut de Terra and Patterson— and this was the time he gathered material for his “original” consciousness discoveries and his weird and stupid proses on Christ Omega, who was “beyond Christianity  -- ze Universal Christ.   

He really murdered the Hindu advaita concept of BrahmAn, the morphogenetic field— as he did NOT have the perception to understand it.

Pierre Teilhard de Chardin died in New York City on March 15, 1955, at the age of 73, after a heart attack.

The Rothschild controlled media like New York Times in March 19, 1937 presented Teilhard as the Jesuit who held that man descended from monkeys.  

Was the Pope sleeping ?

Then in 1947 Vatican suddenly woke up.  The Pope forbade Teilhard to write or teach on philosophical subjects.

The Supreme Authority of the Holy Office, in a decree dated 15 November 1957, forbade the works of de Chardin to be retained in libraries, including those of religious institutes. His books were not to be sold in Catholic bookshops and were not to be translated in other languages.

A decree of the Holy Office dated 30 June 1963, under the authority of Pope John XXIII warned that “. . . it is obvious that in philosophical and theological matters, the said works (de Chardin’s) are replete with ambiguities or rather with serious errors which offend Catholic doctrine.

The Vicariate of Rome (a diocese ruled in the name of Pope Paul VI by his Cardinal Vicar) in a decree dated 30 September 1963 , required that Catholic booksellers in Rome should withdraw from circulation the works of de Chardin, together with those books which favour his erroneous doctrines.

On July 24, 2009,  Pope Benedict XVI  praised the French Jesuit Pierre Teilhard de Chardin as a model for priests, attributing to him the idea of a cosmic liturgy, which he said was something they should aim to achieve.

Teilhard is quoted by the Pope in his homily as if his doctrine were a spring of pure waters that the faithful could approach and drink without any vigilance.


The "Pope" Benedict XVI, routinely used Masonic handshakes when meeting certain high-profile individuals, while shaking hands normally with others. 



This proof was obtained on video.



The true Catholic Church has long condemned Freemasonry and forbidden Catholics from joining the Masons. 

On 11 February 2013, Benedict announced his resignation in a speech in Latin before the cardinals, citing a "lack of strength of mind and body" due to his advanced age.  His resignation became effective on 28 February 2013.  He is the first pope to resign since Pope Gregory XII in 1415.   In May 2009, he visited Israel . 

The pope had the guillotine coming.

Pope Benedict XVI, in his book "Spirit of the Liturgy" incorporates Teilhard's vision as a touchstone of the Catholic Mass:

QUOTE:  
"Against the background of the modern evolutionary world view, Teilhard de Chardin depicted the cosmos as a process of ascent, a series of unions.  From very simple beginnings the path leads to ever greater and more complex unities, in which multiplicity is not abolished but merged into a growing synthesis, leading to the “Noosphere”, in which spirit and its understanding embrace the whole and are blended into a kind of living organism.  Invoking the epistles to the Ephesians and Colossians, Teilhard looks on Christ as the energy that strives toward the Noosphere and finally incorporates everything in its “fullness’.  From here Teilhard went on to give a new meaning to Christian worship: the transubstantiated Host is the anticipation of the transformation and divinization of matter in the christological “fullness”.  In his view, the Eucharist provides the movement of the cosmos with its direction; it anticipates its goal and at the same time urges it on.” UNQUOTE. 

BLAH BLAH BLAH--

OH BOY!  

I cant understand this Freemason Charles Darwin supporting Freemason Pope . 

May be I am dumb !!

Enter Jew Adolf Abramovitch Joffe 

 


Adolf Abramovich Joffe was born in 1883 in Simferopol, Ukraine and took an active part in the Russian Revolution of 1905.

Joffe helped his boss Trotsky edit Pravda from 1908 to 1912 while studying medicine and psychoanalysis.

Pravda was run using Rothscild’s funds via agent Joffe.

In 1912 Joffe was arrested by the Czar while visiting Odessa and imprisoned for 10 months and then exiled to Siberia.

In 1917, Joffe, freed from the Siberian exile by the February Revolution, joined forces with Trotsky, who had just returned from abroad.

Joffe the Bolshevik politician was sent to China in August 1922 as the Russian ambassador—or rather, Russian Envoy Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to China ruled by Sun Yat Sen.

Later he became Political Adviser to Chiang Kai‑Shek in 1926 and organised the Red Section of the Kuomintang.

In 1923, Joffe signed an agreement with Sun Yat-Sen in Shanghai on aid to Kuomintang on the assumption that the latter would cooperate with Chinese Communists.

Sun-Joffe Manifesto or the Joint Manifesto of Sun and Joffe was an agreement signed between Sun Yat-sen and Adolph Joffe on January 26, 1923 for the cooperation of Republic of China 
Kuomintang and Soviet Union .  It announced that Russia would cooperate with the KMT in its struggle to unify China at that time.


After Trotsky's expulsion from the Communist Party on November 12, 1927, Joffe felt wary about Stalin . He knew his days were numbered, and so he shot himself. 

US President Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt  had promoted General George C Marshall over dozens of senior officers to become U.S. Army Chief of Staff during WW2.

Crypto Jew Marshall was directly responsible for the "loss of China" to Mao and Communism , with the help of a Rothschild stooge and Jew  named Harry Dexter White ( originally Weiss ).



George Marshall was involved in allowing the Pearl Harbour to happen, along with US President FD Roosevelt.. WW2 was necessary to carve out the state of Israel for Rothschild.

Punch into Google search-

THE LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED  VADAKAYIL




Enter Jew Harry Dexter White.



What readers must know is that US government supported Christian Chiang Kai Shek and his nationalists , while Rothschild and his Jewish stooges in US government supported Mao Tse Tung to install godless Communism in China.  All atheist and rationalist movements ( remember EVR Periyar ) in India are funded by the same foreign forces.

Now I will write a couple of pages which naïve morons like economists Manmohan Singh,  Montek Singh Ahluwalia,  Raghuram Rajan etc must know.   Let me leave out self chosen ambassador of India’s youth , the upstart Chetan Bhagat aside.

Can you imagine a Russian Chief Officer told me all this in the early ninetees..

His father was a great guy in the Soviet Communist party.

The first day itself I had to punish this Russian, who was older than me, and was a ship captain before.

After we sailed out from a US west coast port where he joined, he was missing.

I sent sailor scouts to search ( I was the only Indian on this ship ) and they came a cropper.

So I said to myself “ The Russian Communist party has real crooked brains.  May be he is up to something, damn smart and slimy . Where could he be?  Let me think—yes-- he could the changing the numbers of the pumproom valves,  so that the coloured pipeline diagram plan which I made personally and posted on the bulkheads will now become redundant”

So I crept down  to the pump room and there he was under the bilges doing exactly that.

He wanted control—nay- monopoly.

This means if he falls sick or goes ashore , even Capt Vadakayil would be up sh#t creek without a paddle.

I flew into a terrible rage , called him up on the bottom gratings and demanded , with whose permission he was changing the numbers.

So he says “ KAPITAN ,  I CHANGE OVER TO INTERRRNATIONAL SYSTEM “.

So I shouted  “ WHAT THE FU#K DO YOU KNOW ABOUT INTERRRRNATIONAL SYSTEM ?   YOU HAVE JUST COME OUT FROM BEHIND THE IRON CURTAIN TO EARN IN DOLLARS ”.

Then I laid out the punishment . I thundered “ YOU SHALL PUT ALL THE OLD NUMBERS BACK – NO FOOD— NO WATER— NO TOILET – TILL YOU DO THAT.   PIS$  IN THE BILGES IF YOU MAY.   BUT IF YOU COME OUT OF THE PUMPROOM BEFORE THE NUMBERS ARE REDONE,  I WILL SEND YOU BACK TO MOSCOW FROM THE NEXT PORT !!”

The poor guy came to my cabin at midnight , totally pooped , to report he had done the job.  In exchange I did the morning 4 to 8 watch for him.

Later we became very good friends.   He was a good man basically, with a good family back home.

He was the first guy to tell me about US Jews screwing the Russian Czar , the Bolshevik revolution and the German Jew Rothschild —  that is more than two decades ago.. 

So many thanks to him.

Who are these three BLUE EYED Indian economists ?

Montek Singh Ahuluwalia, was chosen by Rothschild at the 28,  to be the youngest "Division Chief" in the World Bank's and IMF bureaucracy.

Manmohan Singh was planted UNELECTED on the finance minister’s chair in 1991 by Rothschild controlled World Bank / IMF , using Rajya Sabha ( Assam quota ) back door entry.    Before that he worked as Secretary General of the South Commission, a Rothschild controlled independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to November 1990.

Raghuram Rajan was appointed as the youngest-ever Economic Counselor and Director of Research (chief economist) at the Rothschild controlled International Monetary Fund (IMF) from October 2003 to December 2006..




Harry Dexter White studied in opium funded Ivy league Universities Columbia , Stanford, and got his  Ph.D. in Adam Smith brand of economics at Harvard University at the age of 38 . 

After the December 1941 attack on Pearl Harbor, White was appointed assistant to Henry Morgenthau, Jr., the Secretary of the US Treasury, to act as liaison between the Treasury and the State Department on all matters bearing on foreign relations-- you see he was a blue eyed boy..



White was the principal architect behind the evil Morgenthau Plan. The Morgenthau postwar plan, as authored by White, was to take all industry out of Germany, eliminate its armed forces, and convert Germany into a potato field.

This immoral plan was signed by US President Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt and the British Prime Minister Jew Winston Churchill at the Second Quebec Conference in September 1944. However, someone in White's department with access to details of the plan leaked it to the press. 

Public US protests forced Roosevelt to publicly backtrack. See the hilly billy Yank is NOT that fu#kin' stupid—he knows what Rothschild has been upto, but he has been powerless to act till today.


The Bretton Woods conference was imposed on this planet by Rothschild in July 1944, to create IMF and the World bank.   This conference was to establish the principle that open markets were the best way to ensure prosperity, paving the way for the immoral globalisation we have seen over the past decades.

At at the Bretton Woods Conference ( fixed game to hammer out the shape of the global economy to suit Rothschild bankers ) the head of the U.S. delegation was Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Jew Harry Dexter White, a Rothschild stooge and secret member of a Soviet espionage ring . 



Working hand-in-hand with Jewish communists was the powerful Secretary of the Treasury Jew Henry Morgenthau, Jr. , a Rothschild agent , who controlled US presidents like puppets.

Harry Dexter White would be the architect of the new post-war global monetary system of IMF and World Bank , that would become the basis of the international capitalist marketplace in a "new era".  Rothschild’s blue eyed boy Harry Dexter White would become a director and U.S. representative of the IMF,  nominated on January 23, 1946, by US President Truman himself.

Harry Dexter White was to pave the way for Rothschild and his banking cartel to dominate the 20th century and be “winners” for Israel  – you , me , hilly billy Yank,  John Bull etc are “losers” , right?

Harry Dexter White dominated the conference and imposed Rothschild's vision of post-war financial institutions over the staged and playing to the gallery "objections" of Rothschild's British stooge Jew John Maynard Keynes-- a notorious homosexual., the British representative.

In a recent interview Sir Evelyn de Rothschild pays homage to his hatchet man Economist John Maynard Keynes “Inclusive capitalism is a difficult subject and I could speak for a long time on it.  But I think it’s a reflection on where capitalism was intended [to go].  Whether you’re talking about Karl Marx or John Maynard Keynes, capitalism today has changed and I think inclusive capitalism is about giving a broader opportunity for people to participate.”



On October 13, 2008,  British Prime Minister Gordon Brown set the tune for Rothschild and said that world leaders must meet to agree to a new economic system. "We must have a new Bretton Woods, building a new international financial architecture for the years ahead.”

Below:  ZZZZZZZZ SNORE  ZZZZZZZZ - Full of fiscal stimulii.



Has NOT the first Bretton Woods conference handed over world economies to Rothschild already?


By the way, punch into Google search-

MODERN ECONOMICS A VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL

--and then pretty soon we have Manmohan Singh sucking up to Keyes brand of Economics -- reflecting "His Master's voice".   Our Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke in favour of “Keynesian fiscal stimuli” ( BLAH BLAH )  at the 2008 G-20 Washington summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy, Nov 14–15, 2008, in Washington, D.C.




So pretty soon we have a  rapid shift of opinion took place among many prominent economists in favour of Keynesian stimulus, and, policy makers began announcing major stimulus packages, in hopes of heading off the possibility of a global depression.  

By late 2009 the consensus among economists began to break down, and in 2010 with a depression averted but unemployment in many countries still high, policy makers generally decided against further fiscal stimulus and this was the end of  the brief SPIKE for Keynesian policies.

Back in time- 

On February 22, 1918, Keynes proudly boasted of “being a Bolshevik” raising many eyebrows.  Boleshevik Jews were all Rothschild and his agents funded men.
  
In 1919 Keynes wrote “The Economic Consequences Of The Peace”, which was publicly acclaimed from Moscow by Jew Lenin.  Rothschild stooge Lenin who murdered the Russian Czar and seeded the Russian Bolshevik revolution spAke “Nowhere has the Versailles treaty been described so well as in the book by Keynes.”

John Maynard Keynes  designed the first Soviet currency  while he was still a member of the British Treasury.  



Above:  Fixing the game -- Rothschild's Jews - Harry Dexter White and gay man John Maynard Keyes ( right ).

Keyes economics model has  fundamentally affected the theory and practice of modern macroeconomics.  In 1999,  Rothschild controlled Time magazine included Keynes in their list of the 100 most important and influential people of the 20th century.  

Rothschild controlled media “The Economist” described the Director of Rothschild’s  Bank of England , Keyes  as "Britain’s most famous 20th-century economist."

Keynes's Civil Service career began in October 1906,  in the Rothschild’s India Office.  The India Office was a British government department created by Rothschild one year after he took over British Raj in India officially in 1858 to oversee the administration, through a Viceroy.

Keynes's obituary in the Rothschild controlled mouthpiece “The Times” included the comment: There is the man himself – radiant, brilliant, effervescent, gay ( OOPS ! ) , full of impish jokes ... He was a humane man genuinely devoted to the cause of the common good.  SNIFF !!

Hey — what about homosexual rights ?

All this while keeping a Russian wife as a show piece , Lydia Lopokova, the famous Russian ballerina.


In 1919 Keynes authored The Economic Consequences Of The Peace, which was promptly acclaimed from Moscow by Jew Lenin, himself.  Lenin declared: “Nowhere has the Versailles treaty been described so well as in the book by Keynes.”

In 1925, John Maynard Keynes was married to the Russina Ballerina Lydia Lopokova .  His homosexual  partner in bed Duncan Grant ,  astonished all  by holding the hand of Keynes  as the marriage vows were spoken, while pretending to be the "best man". 




In 1999, Time magazine included Keynes in their list of the 100 most important and influential people of the 20th century.   He has been described by The Economist as "Britain’s most famous 20th-century economist.

On June 19, 1947, our Jew Harry Dexter White abruptly resigned from the International Monetary Fund, vacating his office the same day.

FBI knew that Harry Dexter White had Rothschild’s Jew Soviet spy code names like  "Lawyer", "Richard", "Reed", “Kassir” etc.  Soviet intelligence repeatedly changed White's code name.

Harry Dexter White brought down the Nationalist Govt of Chiang Kai Shek.  He deliberately obstructed  a proposed $200 million loan to Nationalist China in 1943, which he had been officially instructed to execute, at a time when inflation in China was spiraling out of control. Rothschild wanted godless Mao in China, NOT Christian Chiang Kai Shek.

On July 31, 1948 Bentley told the House Committee on Un-American Activities that White had been involved in espionage activities on behalf of Soviet Union during World War II, and had passed sensitive Treasury documents to Soviet agents ( meaning Rothschild’s Jews in Communist Russia ).

On August 13, 1948, White testified before HUAC and vehemently denied being a communist. After he finished testifying he left Washington for a rest on his Fitzwilliam, New Hampshire farm. Two days later, on August 16, 1948, he died, age 55. 

When he faced the bright lights of newsreel cameras, Harry Dexter White, a short, heavy-set man with wire-rimmed glasses, pulled out of his pocket a crumpled piece of paper.

White, the son of Lithuanian immigrant Jews , and the protege of Jew Jacob Viner, looked down and fervently declared:

"I believe in freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of thought, freedom of the press, freedom of criticism, and freedom of movement. I believe in the goal of equality of opportunity, and the right of each individual to follow the calling of his or her own choice, and the right of every individual to have an opportunity to develop his or her capacity to the fullest. . . . I consider these principles sacred. I regard them as the basic fabric of our American way of life, and I believe in them as living realities, and not mere words on paper. This is my creed."  

SNIFF !

All were surprised when there was HUGE applause—all stooges of Rothschild.

Rothschild controlled media said he died of a heart attack. The actual cause if poisoning by foxglove plant  Digitalis , a toxic plant which causes severe heart fibrillation.

Two years after his death, in a memorandum dated 15 October 1950, White was positively identified by the FBI, through evidence gathered by the Venona project, as a Soviet source, code named "Jurist".

Time to digress:-

IMF and World Bank have played a crucial role in encouraging poorer countries to liberalise their economies by giving them access to credit and insisting they participate in global business networks.. 

Ever heard of a Nobel Prize Winning Bangladesi by the name of Mohammad Yunus and his Rothschild supported Grameen Banks?. The Grameen Bank is the largest microlender in the world, with more than 9.1 million borrowers with high >23% interest rates..

 Hey, microfinance was supposed to be ze silver bullet of prosperity.

The global average interest rate is estimated at 37%, with rates reaching as high as 70% in some markets. Microcredit has driven poor households into a debt trap. One of the impacts of high interest rates has been to force poor households into a debt trap. Households borrowing money have to earn more than the interest accumulating on the loan or face increasing debt.

Officials working for the microcredit institutions often had their own wages based on repayment rates paid by lenders and sometimes used coercion to collect repayments on loans. In some situations, instead of gaining release from the poverty cycle, families were driven deeper into debt.

To ensure that the small loans would be profitable for their shareholders, such banks needed to raise interest rates and engage in aggressive marketing and loan collection. The kind of empathy that had once been shown toward borrowers when the lenders were nonprofits disappeared. (Muhammad Yunus 2004)

Yunus had received honorariums from 133 institutions, and awards from 10.  

With more than 95% of loans to women , the social fabric of Bangladesh has taken a beating. 

Ever noticed that the waitress has been making laws tilted in favour of the Indian woman, driving a wedge into stable family relationships since antiquity.


Getting back-

In the fixed game at Bretton Woods Conference , Yank Harry Dexter white was supposed to have pulled the carpet from under Brit John Maynard Keynes resulting in the  dollar being the currency of the IMF and World Bank instead of the pound.  TEE HEEEEE !

The Bretton Woods conference comprised 730 delegates from all 44 Allied nations, including the Soviet Union, and White emerged as ZE American hero.   However, White's ultimate guilt as a spy for Rothshild’s Russian Jews was established by declassified Soviet documents in the 1990s and in 1997 .

US President Jew FD Roosevelt opened the doors to communist infiltration in Washington city.  The first of three Red Cells established in our USDA in the 1930s was the Ware cell, named for its leader Harold Ware.  It was a small group of Jewish lawyers, planted there to do the bidding of the Rothschild Russian Jews and not the USA. 

They were among the first GATT negotiators, trading away US ability to control its own industrial economy with price tariffs.  That was the beginning of the end of American industrial hegemony.  Another well-known member of the Ware cell was Alger Hiss, who, before being jailed for perjury, was the first Secretary-General of the Rothschild remote controlled United Nations.  





What the IMF and World Bank essentially did, was repeat on a world scale what the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 had established in the United States.  They created a banking cartel comprising the world’s privately owned central banks, which gradually assumed the power to dictate credit policies to the banks of all nations.



Above:  Hungary , like Iceland and Russia have kicked out Rothschild bankers-- showing amazing political will..

The IMF is controlled by its board of Rothschild chosen governors, which are either the heads of different central banks, or the heads of the various national treasury departments who are dominated by their central banks.   Also, the voting power in the IMF gives the United States and the United Kingdom (the Federal Reserve and the Bank of England), effective overall control of it.  




Above:  Our upstart Chetan Bhagat who decided what young India wants ( like gay rights ) worked for Goldman Sacs, before he was catapulted to dizzying heights for writing a bulls#it book-- like Arundhati Roy and Amish Tripati.

Banker Jew Bernard Baruch was a Rothschild agent in IMF and World Bank matters. This Jew had the clout to make US Presidents do press ups on the floor or murga position on the Presidential desk  as punishment.

Below: Jew Churchill with kingmaker Jew Barnard Baruch.




Like I said before Harry Dexter White deliberately delayed financial support mandated by US law to  Chiang Kai-shek's Nationalist Chinese government causing the triumph of Mao Tse-Tung's Communist Chinese government. 

The U.S. government had made a commitment to Chiang in writing to supply $200 million in gold to curb inflation in Nationalist China. 

Chiang Kai-shek himself would claim that White sabotaged the Chinese government's economic policies.

Shortly after the Teheran conference, Supreme Headquarters Allied Expeditionary Forces (SHAEF) requested that a common currency be prepared for the occupation of Germany. It was decided that the U.S. would print the Allied Marks (AM).

Harry Dexter White had  provided stolen U.S. currency plates to the Soviet Union.  The plates were used to print unlimited amounts of occupation currency in the eastern zone of postwar Germany precipitating the Berlin Crisis.

Moscow printed up enough AM marks to provide their entire army six years of back pay. Black market activity thrived. 

A GI could buy a package of cigarettes for eight cents and resell them to a Russian soldier for 100 AM marks or $10.  A 5-cent candy bar sold for $5.  K-rations brought $20 and a pound of coffee $25.  G.I.s sold watches for the equivalent of $500 to $2500 each.  By one estimate, more than 33,000 GIs sent home an average of $12,000 from Berlin.  

Only when the U.S. Army reached an overdraft of $271,000,000 did Congress act.  Original Allied plans called for approximately fifteen billion AM marks to be printed. The Soviets Jews printed more than seventy-eight billion of their own.

Communism was made for vacuuming wealth off private homes—after Rothschild has sucked out the gold from the Russian Czar, Chinese emperor rulers. In Communism, there can be NO private wealth. Everything belongs to the Rothschild the Jew remore controlling the Communist government.


Many do not know that Japan was in the drug trade of Rothschild in China until WWII.. Prior to and during World War II, Japan’s military in occupied Manchuria , relied on drug sales to finance its operations. Japanese navy gun boats transported refined drugs manufactured in laboratories controlled by the army. In fact, the Japanese military had set up a system of some seven thousand pharmacies which sold deadly heroin to the population.

By 1938, one in thirty five Manchurians was addicted to deadly heroin. The League of Nations admonished the Japanese drug policies in occupied Manchuria in its 1937 report.

A Japanese army manual explained the strategy as follows: “The use of narcotics is unworthy of a superior race like the Japanese. Only inferior races, races that are decadent like the Chinese, Europeans, and the East Indians, are addicted to the use of narcotics. This is why they are destined to become our servants and eventually disappear.”

China is still governed by  the Communist Party, which requires members to be atheists.
To recapitulate, China had been ruled by emperors until 1911, when the Qing Dynasty was overthrown by Rothschild. The revolution is largely attributed to Rothschild stooge Sun Yat-sen, who sought to make China a constitutional republic, led by the Kuomintang, or Nationalist Party of China.  

After the emperors’ fall, China was largely ruled by local warlords, and following Dr. Sun’s 1925 death, the task of unifying China fell to Chiang Kai-shek, a Christian and Kuomintang leader.  The Soviets Jews of Rothschild tried infiltrating the Kuomintang, but patriot Chiang Kai-shek eventually saw through their schemes. 

The Chinese Communist Party was a creation of Rothschild and little more than a puppet of the Jewish Soviet Communists, In 1933, the Chinese Communist Party sent this message to Rothschild stooge and  Soviet dictator Jew Joseph Stalin: “Lead us on, O our pilot, from victory to victory!” 

Professor Kenneth A. Colgrove testified that Owen Lattimore informed him that “Chinese Communists under Mao Tse-tung were real democrats and that they were really agrarian reformers and had no connection with Soviet Russia.”  An additional tactic: portraying Chiang Kai-shek and the Nationalists as “fascists,” “reactionary,” and “corrupt.”

In fact, Chiang Kai-shek wanted a postwar government representing all Chinese parties. In November 1946, he convened a National Assembly that met for 40 days, with 2,045 delegates representing diverse views from all over China; it adopted a national constitution. However, despite their clamoring for “coalition government,” Mao’s communists refused to participate: they knew that, lacking popular support in China, they could only take power by deceit , and violence.  

The Marshall Mission (December 20, 1945 – January 1947) was a failed diplomatic mission undertaken by United States Army General George C. Marshall to China in an attempt to negotiate the Communist Party of China and the Nationalists (Kuomintang) into a unified government.
Crypto Jew Marshall , failed deliberately and was directly responsible for the "loss of China" to Rothschild’s Communism. 

George Marshall was also  involved in allowing the Pearl Harbour to happen, along with US President FD Roosevelt..  While desperate junior officers sought his permission to warn Pearl Harbor of the impending attack., Marshall made himself scarce by going on a long un announced horseback ride.

On the East River near Canton China some 100,000 Mao’s Communist troops were trapped by Chaing Kai Shek’c government forces. 

The “truce teams”  effected their release and allowed the Communists to march unmolested to Bias Bay where they boarded Rothchild’s ships and sailed to Shantung. 

Why have a great long march on feet , better sail !

AAAAHA !!

Marshall’s failed 15-month China mission ended in January 1947.  

But Hey!

Upon his return to the United States, and Rothschild stooge President Truman rewarded his trange failures with appointment as Secretary of State.

Marshall imposed a weapons embargo on the Nationalists, while the communists continued receiving a steady weapons supply from the USSR.  Marshall boasted that he disarmed 39 anti-communist divisions “with a stroke of the pen.”

Who the fu#k reads the Communist newspapers? 

Only a few people who are already Communists, right?   To influence and fool people main stream media is required which Rothschild monopolized. Between 1943 and 1949, 22 pro-communist books appeared in the U.S. press.

The Institute of Pacific Relations (IPR) was a recipient of grants from the Rothschild agents Rockefeller and Carnegie foundations. IPR published hundreds of thousands of pamphlets on China for U.S. public schools and the military.  These pamphlets extended the myth that the communists were “agrarian reformers” and the Nationalists “fascists.” Alexander Barmine, a brigadier general who defected from the Communist Army, testified IPR was “a cover shop for military intelligence work in the Pacific.”  

The IPR organized a magazine, Amerasia. In 1945, U.S. officials were shocked when Amerasia published an article reprinting — almost word-for-word — a top-secret government document.
Agents of the OSS (the CIA’s forerunner) invaded Amerasia’s offices and discovered 1,800 documents stolen from the American government, including papers detailing the disposition of Nationalist army units in China.  The magazine had been a cover for Soviet Jews spying. 

With Japan’s 1945 defeat, Lend-Lease aid,  waiting in India and slated for the Nationalists, was loaded on Rothschild’s ships and dumped in the ocean.  By 1948, due to Marshall’s weapons embargo, the Nationalist government faced nearly inevitable defeat by the communists, who continued receiving unlimited weapons from Russia. 

Former U.S. Ambassador William C. Bullitt testified before the Committee on Foreign Affairs in March 1948:


QUOTE:  The American government has not delivered to China a single combat plane or a single bomber since General Marshall in August, 1946, by unilateral action, broke the promise of the American Government to the Chinese Government and suspended all deliveries of planes.... As a means of pressure to compel Generalissimo Chiang Kai-shek to take Communists into the Chinese Government, General Marshall stopped all fulfillment of this program and dishonored the pledge of the United States.UNQUOTE 

 Although Dean Acheson deceptively told Congress the Nationalists had received over $2 billion in U.S. aid, most was non-military or unusable.  

These were all blown-up guns,  junk bombs and disabled vehicles from the Pacific Islands which have been totalled up with other real or alleged aid in various State Department. Communist and leftist statements were made to create the impression that US had furnished the Nationalist government with  billions of useful fighting equipment.

Anthony Kubek describes the first shipload reaching the Nationalists in late 1948:  “Of the had mounts, and there were only a thousand clips for the 2,280 light machine guns, and there were more guns than bullets"

Can a gun fire without a bullet? 

May be!

In 1949, the communists completed conquest of China.  Chiang Kai-shek and approximately two million followers escaped to Formosa ( Taiwan), where they maintained the Republic of China’s government.

Enter Jew Richard Sorge.

Richard Sorge was born to a Jewish German father and a Jewish Russian mother.   He was a highly decorated war hero in as much as he was awarded the Iron Cross during the First World war.

I like this Jew for he made a dent in the spying world. 

Bhaiyya --  spy hai to aisa !!

He was the world’s BEST spy and he delivered the goods every time.  

Sorge received a Ph.D. in political science at Hamburg in August 1919, and he was NO dumbo.

He would drink like mad .  Any attractive woman who crossed his path whom he fancied would open out her legs for him, like magic.



There was this incident where 3 female Japanese nurses started fighting.  Sorge was in a Japanese hospital due to a minor injury.  Suddenly there was an earthquake.
  


Three Jap nurses came running to his room and wanted to lie over him, to protect him with their own bodies.  And then there was this hair pulling and wrestling as to who will cover him more .  

Ony the TV debate of the US presidential candidates Obama and Romney fighting with each other,  as to who will leave “less daylight in the embrace “  between USA and Israel, could be more hilarious that this.

Sorge , with the cover of a journalist,  was sent to various countries to assess the possibility of Communist revolutions.

In 1930, Sorge was sent to Shanghai.  For cover he worked as the editor of a German news service and for the Frankfurter Zeitung..   Sorge  met German-Soviet spy Ursula Kuczynski and American journalist Agnes Smedley,  and of course screwed them both.

After China Sorge went to Japan. In Japan Sorge was pretended to be the political adviser to the German ambassador, Major General Eugen Ott.

On May 12, 1941, Sorge reported to the Russians that 170 German divisions would attack along the Soviet frontier (the attack came on June 22),  proceeding in the direction of Moscow.  In August 1941 Sorge reported that the Japanese Army was planning to advance southward against Pacific targets rather than northward against the U.S.S.R.; this information freed Soviet troops along the Manchurian border for service in the west.

Richard Sorge transmitted information that Japan has no intention whatsoever to attack the Soviet Union.  In response, Stalin transferred troops of Soviet divisions from the Far East to the Eastern Front where the Red Army and the Nazis met in the battle of Stalingrad, the turning point which initiated the defeat of Hitler.

 Jew Stalin knew exactly when Pearl  Harbour would be attacked thanks to Richard Sorge undercover in Japan  -- and so did Jew Winston Churchill,  as Rothschild would relay this info  to him.   Churchill would inform fellow Jew US President FD Roosevelt.

Hotsumi Ozaki was an adviser to Japanese Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe, who trusted him with his life.  It was a dastardly breach of trust for the PM. 

Hotsumi would be the ONLY Japanese citizen to be hanged for treason by Japan.

Hotsumi Ozaki photographed every single blue print of the attack on Pearl Harbor including the grid of all the US ships in Pearl Harbour, and passed it on to Richard Sorge .  The attack could be done even in poor visibility --  the Japanese knew everything.

Japanese PM Konoe was so dismayed , as it was he who admitted Hotsumi Ozaki into his inner trusted circle called "The Breakfast club" --where they  planned and drew blue prints of the impending attack on Pearl Harbour.

Hotsumi Ozaki was an active participant with his own ideas about everything -- basically Rothschild's ideas-- on the advise of Winston Churchill.   Within a week Ozaki would be arrested--  his job was over , he was sacrificed.

In the early hours of 7th Nov 1944,  a double agent in the payroll of Rothschild Richard Sorge would be hanged at Sugamo prison , Tokyo in Japan.  One hour before this hanging another double agent in the payroll of Rothschild Hotsumi Ozaki would be hanged.

At that time Sorge was leading a debauched life with Japanese spy Kyomi,  a very attractive caberet dancer.  Kyomi  snitched and Sorge got caught.   Shortly after,  Sorge was hanged Kiyomi was shot by unknown people.

Only in 1964, Russia de-classified Richard Sorge's documents.   His Japanese lover Hanako Ishaii really loved him, and would visit his grave till she died in 2000.

The Soviet Union would not officially acknowledge super-spy Sorge until 1964.

Much later in recognition of his service to the Soviet Union, a street in Moscow and a tanker ship were named after Sorge.  



He was named a hero of the Soviet state in 1964 and eventually had a postage stamp in his likeness issued.  

Below: Richard Sorge was born in Baku, Azerbaijan.




Richard Sorge , really deserved this,  for this was NO fake award.


“The spies in history who can say from their graves, the information I supplied to my masters, for better or worse, altered the history of our planet, can be counted on the fingers of one hand. Richard Sorge was in that group.”  Frederick Forsyth

A Jewess blogger Pamela Geller  who runs the blog site Atlas Shrugs recently called me an anti-semitic internet troll.

Look who is talking !!.

The ugly ( from inside and outside ) liar, is a rabid anti-muslim blogger.  Every Muslim reader of mine must visit her site.

You can check her out on Wikipedia , who is normally kind to Jews.

This lying woman , wants me to give references, to whatever I write about Jews.

HEY— FROM WHERE ?  

YOUR JEW CONTROLLED EFFIN’ MAIN STREAM MEDIA , OR YOUR DANG NUMBER 6  LOVIN' JEW HISTORIANS?

So to avoid being a troll, and to be in your good books ,  I must quote what a lying Jew has previously quoted?

She is lucky that I have NOT even exposed 0.1%  of what I know about evil Jews .

If I want I can dismantle every Jew hero and Jewess heroine.   But this is NOT the purpose of this blog site. 

This blog site is NOT anti Jew--  rather it is ant-falsehood which PASSAGE OF TIME time has baptised.

I wonder if she ever heard of Chiune Sugihara.



The inside information on this Japanese Schindler , has been picked up by interviewing several relevant sources during my several months of stay in Japan, where I went while taking delivery of several new ships, from my Jewish Lithuanian Chief Engineer,  and a couple of my Russian officers from resident Lithuania..

Lithuania is NOT a big place.  You can hop step and jump over this country, which looks very large of a Mercator scale map.

You can read in the internet about Chuine Sugihara, the Japanese diplomat HERO who save thousands of Jews from Hitler.  

Chiune Sugihara is given the false credit of saving thousands of European Jews by issuing thousands Japanese visas left right and centre ,  exactly like our Chinaman Jew Dr Ho Feng Shan the Chinese consul general is Vienna who gave away 21000 Chinese visas -- about whom I had mentioned earlier in this post.  


Sugihara was the Vice-Consul for the Empire of Japan in Lithuania, where there was NOT a single Japanese around .  And mind you, he was NOT alone in this embassy, there were others too.

Actually he was NOT a diplomat.  He was a double agent, in the payroll of Rothschild.

Rothschild needed a Japanese man fluent in Russian , for their ulterior scheme in carving out the state of Israel.  A Jewish Russian honeypot by the name of Klaudia Semionova Apollonova would seduce him and would be married to him for 12 long years ( 1924 to 1935 ) .   

His name was changed to Pavlo Sergeivich-- the only strange this is that the man with a proper Russian name had slit eyes. .

Each and every Western and Jewish internet site and Rothschild controlled main stream media , takes great pains to keep repeatedly saying that she was a Russian Orthodox Christian-and how our Jap man converted to Orthodox Christianity .  

Japanese agents have gone all the way to Sydney to get a dying confession out of this woman , who died at the age of 94 in Sydney . 

After WW2 the Japanese had sacked this spy Sugihara and he spent his last 20 years of his life in Russia away from his second Japanese wife and two Japanese children.   All Russians know where he stayed and what he did .

But hey, ever since the Israeli Jews made a hero out of Sugihara his Japanese wife Yukiko Kikuchi, (who became Yukiko Sugihara) has now taken ownership over her husband's hero status , and was on worldwide Jewish sponsored lecture circuits ,  rubbing shoulders with world leaders and receiving awards and generous donations for joint Japan/ Israel HERO foundations , which her son managed to vamoose into thin air.

See the Jewish Historians never expected an internet age. They thought their lies will be carried on to eternity.

It is a VERY long story—but since this is just a digression away from Chinese affairs I am afraid I must keep it short. As it is this Chinese post is too long and my readers are getting weary.

Who knows one day I might write a best seller about this Japanese Oskar Schindler , our Israeli Jew resurrected Japanese hero.

You should read the bulls#it accounts of the Jewish historians, how Sugihara has the Samurai code of honour,  how he was such a devoted man to his wife BLAH BLAH.   

Probably that is why he stayed away from her and the children for two decades in Russia , after the Japanese sacked him  for disloyalty ?  They would have hung him, but by that time Japan was losing the war.

Rothschild recruited Sugihara when the Japanese demoted him for marrying a Russian white woman. He was relegated to the junior most Visa Officer at Shanghai .

The Chinese were about to retake Shanghai and the life of Jewish traitors to China were in danger .  After 80 years of alien rule the  foreign flags would be lowered in the International Settlement of Shanghai for the first time. . 

He flouted all procedures and  without permission from Japan, issued  visas to all those who were recommended by Rothschild’s agents.

More than   4100 Japanese visas were issued in those two days flat.  In the dark of night he boarded a ship  from Shanghai to Kobe taking with him some important Jewsih refuges clutching on to his visas.

As soon as the ship docked at Kobe , Sugihara was arrested along with his co-passengers and jailed.

The Rothschild owned  Kobe Telegraph ran damning stories which was tom tommed by the rest of the Rothschild controlled world media, how authentic Japanese visas were NOT being honoured BLAH BLAH.

Rothschild applied relentless pressure and the red faced  Japanese government was forced them to release Sugihara and party.

Rothschild knew that such a thing can be done later on to save European Jews too.

While at Shanghai Sugihara worked hard to issue visas, what happened later at Kaunas  Lithuania was different.  

Sugihara issued a few genuine visas without permission  , but most of the visas were in several other hands with fake signatures.  

He just left blank visa papers  and his official visa stamp for all and sundry recommended by the Director of Lithuanian Philips factory Jan Zwartendijk.

The Philips industry owner Gerard Philip’s father was first-cousin of Jew Karl Marx, and was Rothschild blood

Below:  Jan Zwartendijk, the man who chose who will get the Jap visas.




It was debated much later that if Sugihara and wife had burned the midnight oil for several days to issue thousands of visas , why is it that the hand writings and signatures don’t match.  

It was clear that Sugihara has given his official stamp and the BLANK Japanese visas papers to Jan Zwartendijk.  

Sugihara “issued” ( sic ) visas were emanating for Lithuania even after he fled for several weeks.
Sugihara was dismissed by the pissed off Japanese government.  In China they had only demoted him.

All Rothschild chosen Jews boarded the Russian Trans-Siberian Railway FREE repeat FREE .

The Jewish Simon Wiesenthal Center has estimated that Chiune Sugihara issued transit visas for about 6,000 Jews and that around 40,000 descendants of the Jewish refugees are alive today because of his actions (sic).

In 1968, Jehoshua Nishri, an economic attaché to the Israeli Embassy in Tokyo and one of the Sugihara beneficiaries, finally located and contacted him.

The next year Sugihara visited Israel and was greeted by the Israeli government. Sugihara beneficiaries began to lobby for his inclusion in the Yad Vashem memorial. 

In 1985, Chiune Sugihara was granted the honor of the Righteous Among the Nations by the government of Israel—and Rothschild monopolized media made him an instant hero. Sugihara and his descendants were given Israeli citizenship for lipe nay life.
.
Sugihara’s widow knew how to swing the lead. He said “ I was inspired by “Lamentations”, a book of the Old Testament, written by Jeremiah which “suddenly came my mind”,  and so she forced her husband to issue visas to save Jews.

TEEE HEEEEEE !

Even today the Jew historians lie.

They say that the Philips factory boss  Jan Zwartendijk, was only “acting” as consul , as his name does NOT exist as a diplomat.

They lie that the Dutch connection is only because  Jews would be headed for  two Dutch colonial islands, Curacao and Suriname in the Caribbean.

Oh yeah?

Do we look stupid to you?

Visas were not even necessary for Curacao and Surinam  and none of the Jews had heard  about this place or had the tiniest of  intention of going there, even if they knew this place existed..  

So what the hell was this Dutchman doing there in the Jap embassy ?  

Photographs exist!




Did Holland or Netherlands exist at this time on  June 19, 1940?  Was NOT Japan on the side of Germany during the war ?

Oh , he was under exile , right?  

And he could form exile Dutch governments wherever he felt like, right?

Our honorary Dutch consul, Jan Zwartendijk, even lied that he had gotten permission to stamp their passports with Russian entrance permits.

Consul Chiune Sugihara, age 86, died on July 31, 1986.

Today a postage stamp exists in Sugihara’s honor..

In 1995 Sugihara’s wife, Yukiko, and her greedy and dishonest  elder son, Hiroki, initiated a new commemorative project, this time in the United States.  They lectured on Sugihara Chiune in every Jewish communities there, collected funds, and in 1997 created the Visas for Life Foundation in California.

Commemorative accounts of Sugihara totally ignores altogether the existence and the statements of Japanese  army colonel Yasue Norihiro, naval captain Inuzuka Koreshige, and doctor Kotsuji Setsuzo, who knew exactly what transpired.  

Sugihara Chiune, for most of his life, did not speak about his past in public.

The legend of Chiune Sugihara was cooked up by Rothschild controlled media and relentless international Jewish pressure.

When the Memorial Hall in Yaotsu was opened in 2000, Foreign Minister Kono Yohei attended the ceremony and even issued an apology for the misunderstanding of Sugihara’s past actions.  When asked to clarify Watanabe Katsumasa explains that it is to merely to lay to rest the revelations  that Sugihara had illegally accepted huge amount of bribe money in exchange for issuing the transit visas to Jewish refugees, -- money that ended up in Swiss banks.

Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche , the German Jew who brainwashed such people as EVR Periyar once wrote  that “if something is to stay in the memory it must be burned in: only that which never ceases to hurt stays in the memory”.

Fudging history, whole sale --

What a disgrace !!

Enter Jew Edward Isaac Ezra.

In 1900, Ezra also helped organise and fund the Society for the Rescue of the Chinese Jews, which aimed at restoring Kaifeng Jews to orthodox Judaism.  Ezra was the president of the Shanghai Zionist Association from its founding in 1903, the president of the Jewish Communal organisation of China,  and also vice-president of the Synagogue.

Both Chaing Kai Shek and Mao Tse Tung relied on trafficking Rothschild’s Opium to fund their armies and survive.   After the state of Israel was carved out at the end of WW2  Rothschild tapered off their opium cultivation in India.  

The trigger was a DELETED event in world history.  Gandhi , Nehru,  Patel etc were instrumental is suppressing this great event, as they wanted their names to go down in history as India’s liberators. . Every Indian should know what happened in 1946.

Punch into Google search-

THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL

Mao would claim FALTHU credit for stopping Opium drug imports into China.   Mao did NOT stop anything. Rothschild stopped it on their own.   KHUD !

If you can find out who are the SUPER RICH Indians after India got independence in 1947, you will know to whom  Rothschild handed over their  vast businesses networks in India to —  just to be fronts.

All money was siphoned off into Rothschild’s Swiss banks.  

One day I may get pissed off,  aur -    SUBKO NANGA KAROONGA !!!

I will dismantle these rich Indian heroes piece by piece.  For the time being let it be.  

Like I said, we need some Indian heroes too,  right?.

Jew Edward Isaac Ezra (born 3 January 1882 and died 15 December 1921 both in Shanghai) was the riches man in Shanghai".  He was just an opium agent for Rothschild.  Rothschild used their opium sub-agents and blood relative Sassoon .

He was Shanghai's biggest landowners , the managing director of Shanghai Hotels Limited , chairman of the Far Eastern Insurance Company, chairman of the Shanghai Gas Company, chairman of the China Motors Ltd etc.  He was chairman of the Rothschild controlled China Press and the Evening Star newspapers.

In 1913 Ezra was elected the first president of the Shanghai Opium Combine.  He and his twin younger brothers Isaac and Judah ran the underground Indian opium smuggling and distribution network. There was amazing moolah to be made. 

In 1917 Ezra purchased The China Press newspaper from its founder, American journalist Thomas Franklin Fairfax Millard.

Who was Millard?

Thomas Franklin Fairfax Millard was an American journalist and was "the founding father of American journalism in China".

After the fall of the Qing Dynasty in 1911, Milliard brainwashed the Chinese and hijacked world opinion as dictated by Rothschild.

Between 1919 and 1935, Millard was the adviser to the Chinese government.  Hey. how come you and me can never become advisers to foreign governments?

Rotshchild remote controlled Time magazine referred to Millard in 1925 as "the most eloquent American voice in the Far East," ( It should have been His Master's Voice )

Ezra was an active member and past Master of the Lodge Saltoun, and attained the highest degrees in freemasonry. He was a member of the Shanghai Club; the Shanghai Race Club; the Masonic Club; and the  Cercle Sportif Francais.

On 15 December 1921, aged only 39 Ezra was dead and gone and buried at the Baikal Road Jewish Cemetery in the Yangpu District after a service conducted by Rabbi Hirsch. Looks like too much of stress in the drug business involving the deadly Triad as distributors.

In May 1933 the Ezra brothers were arrested in California for distributing Rothschild’s narcotics on the West Coast of the United States.  Despite their guilty pleas and co-operation with authorities in testifying against their confederates, they were imprisoned for twelve years, thus driving their family fortunes into the ground.

There was a time when my fast container ship used to go to Shanghai every 3 weeks. The overcrowded river , overflowing with chaos , aint no good for any ship Captain’s blood pressure.

The Ezra’ owned lot of property in Calcutta. They had Indian slaves both men and women in their houses.  Some of the well known slave owners cum opium runners were-- Moses Hyeem , David Joseph Ezra, Yahya Solomon Gubbay,  Jacob Nissim Isaiah,  Isaac Ezra Levi,  Sillman Elias Cohen, Ezekiel Hyeem Saleh Sassoon Levi,  Raphael Immanuel Belilios and Ezra Ezekiel Elias Musleah.

Some famous Baghdadi Jews -

Edward Isaac Ezra, opium trader and real estate developer
Nadira, Bollywood actress
J. F. R. Jacob, Indian military commander in the Bangladesh Liberation War of 1971; former Governor of Goa and Punjab.
David Sassoon, merchant and founder of the Sassoon family
Albert Abdullah David Sassoon, merchant
Sassoon David Sassoon, English merchant
Sassoon J. David, banker (founder of Bank of India) and member of the Bombay Municipal Corporation
David Saul Marshall, the first Chief Minister of Singapore
Robin Ghosh, composer of Bangladeshi film industry
Ashok Ghosh, film director in Bangladesh.

Whaaa Ghosh?
Yeah Ghosh !!

Elly Kadoorie arrived in Shanghai from Bombay in 1880 as an employee of  Opium agent David Sassoon & Sons.  Within a few years he had accumulated large sums of money and had gone into Opium business on his own account, with companies in both Shanghai and Hong Kong.

Sir Elly Kadoorie's grave and his wife Lady Laura's grave are located in the SongQingLin Memorial Park near Hong Qiao Road, Shanghai and is open to visitors.  

Hey, come come you and me can never become SIR? 

What is the catch?

The opulent Sir Eli Kadoorie mansion built in 1924, which now serves as the Shanghai Children’s Palace is a major tourist attraction. 

During the Ming Dynasty  more than hundreds of  Kerala Jewish families ( Admiral  Zheng He ships ) lived here, intermarrying and taking Chinese names like Zhao, Ai, Li, Zhang, Shi, Jin and Gao.  

After a while, the only trait that differentiated them from their Chinese neighbors was that they didn’t eat pork.  If a Zhao or a Zhang Chinaman and his family does NOT eat pork, you know who he is.



Above:  Maan-- a cold stare from big brother ,  can make anybody sh#t bricks in his pants!!

My foreign readers may like to know the status of Communism in India.  

The Communist Party of India (Maoist) aims to overthrow the government of India.   It was founded on September 21, 2004, through the merger of the Communist Party of India (Marxist–Leninist) People's War and the Maoist Communist Centre of India (MCC).   



The CPI (Maoist) are often referred to as Naxalites in reference to the Naxalbari insurrection conducted by radical Maoists in West Bengal in 1967.  

Naxalites have been running an extortion economy in the guise of a popular revolution, extorting vast amounts of money from local branches of mining companies and other businesses.  



As of today, the Indian government has identified more than 100 districts in ten Indian states as "Naxal-hit”.   Indian intelligence officials report that the rebel ranks number more than  20,000 with sophisticated automatic weapons , with more than 60,000 active supporters.



The government of the Italian waitress has NOT shown any political will to take on these murderers.  The Government of India's paramilitary campaign against the CPI (Maoist) is referred as the "Operation Green Hunt"—a limpet program.  More than 210 people were killed by the Maoists in the first six months of 2013.  



It is currently proscribed as a terrorist organization by the Indian government for organizing mass killings in furtherance of their Maoist Communist  ideology.  They get unlimited arms and ammunition far superior to the ones the Indian police and para military have. 

This blog is exactly about this ideology , right?

Whenever the Government tries to root out these terrorists, immediately foreign funded Human Rights NGOs will produce false witnesses in court.  

Below : A rabid Muslim Teesta Setalvad , dressed up as a Hindu with bindi.




Like how Teesta Setalvad produces Islamic witnesses from thin air, with unlimited Saudi Wahabi funds in Gujarat.

Below: These dead people are NOT Maoists-- they are Indian soldiers killed by Maoists.



The woman below is Arundhati Roy , a Christian with a Hindu name a Maoist supporter.  She is a permanent invite to foreign Western cocktail circuits.



Her sister Radhika  Roy runs NDTV and is married to Prannoy Roy with a British mother. Arundhati Roy was catapulted to the limelight for writing a vulgar semi-porno book for which she was awarded the 1998 Man Booker Prize for Fiction ( The God of Small Things ).  

In an interview with the Times of India published in August 2008, Arundhati Roy expressed her support for the independence of Kashmir from India.  Her sister’s TV channel, NDTV always gives space to separatists who lead Kashmiri terrorists on prime time.

All those who want to know what is this Kashmir problem, punch into Google search-

THE KASHMIR  CONFLICT VADAKAYIL

Enter Jew Lauchlin Bernard Currie.



Currie got his Ph.D at Harward  in 1931 for a dissertation on banking theory.  Rothschild man Marriner Eccles the governor of the Federal Reserve Board, made Currie his  personal assistant. 

Harry Dexter White, became a top adviser to Secretary of the Treasury Henry Morgenthau, and for some years Jews White and Currie worked closely in their respective roles at the Treasury and the Federal Reserve.  Currie became  FDR's White House economist in July 1939, and handled wartime production plans.  

General Julius Kobyakov, deputy director of the KGB's American Division in the late 1980s, stated in 2003 categorically  "In the spirit of machismo, many KGB officers claimed that we had an `agent' (Currie) in the White House."

Indeed Currie  was a Russian spy, who spent the war years snugly ensconced at the heart of the American war effort,  reporting to Jews in Russia..

In 1939, defecting GRU courier Whittaker Chambers identified Currie to Assistant Secretary of State (in charge of security) Adolf Berle as a "fellow traveler" who "helped various Communists" in the underground . Currie always remained in the shadows using several buffers around him.

Currie served as White House economic adviser to US President Jew Franklin Roosevelt during World War II (1939 to 1945).

Currie was sent to be Head of the Economic Mission to China as personal envoy of the President to confer with Chiang Kai-shek and other leading executives of the Kuomintang.  

Below:  Currie having tea with Mrs. Chiang Kai Shek.    Lauchlin Currie & Co was his private bicycle shop in Shanghai.



Currie studied Chinese arsenals, military training schools, and industrial cooperatives while in China.  Currie later spent a few days in New Delhi, India, and returned to the United States on August 20, 1942.

When he returned to Washington, Currie was the President's point man in setting up an American volunteer air force for China.

An article appeared in the October 31, 1944, New York Daily Mirror reporting a speech by Governor Bricker stating that he declared Lauchlin Currie was a Federal employee with a subversive record.  Currie was one of seven individuals named in Bricker's speech to "conclusively prove Roosevelt and the New Deal are in the hands of the radicals and Rothschild’s Jewish Communists.

It was Currie who recommended Owen Lattimore to President Roosevelt to serve as a special advisor to Chiang Kai-shek, through a surreptitious and out of process means in early 1941.

Currie was responsible for packing Rothschild’s Jews in the White House and in other important positions.

Currie and Jewish spy Silvermaster were associates and friendly and have been photographed together.

A senior government official who worked closely with Currie during the war told the FBI that in 1944 Currie admitted to him that he had “tipped off” the Russians that the U.S. had “broken the Soviet diplomatic code.” 

Jew spy Currie was involved in in preparations for the 1944 Bretton Woods conference (staged mainly by Jew spy Harry Dexter White), which led to the creation of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank.  

In late 1945, the FBI opened an investigation of Anatoly Gorsky, a KGB officer operating out of the Soviet embassy in Washington under the guise of being a Soviet diplomat. 

A report on the investigation in February 1946 cited several meetings between Gorsky and Currie . Photographs do NOT lie, those days there was less of photoshop.

Currie later admitted to the FBI in 1947 he had met at least four times with Gorsky in 1945—did he have a choice?   

In 1948, Anatoly Gorsky identified Currie in the "Gorsky memo" as the Soviet agent code-named pazh/Page, who is recorded in Venona giving information to Akhmerov and "handing over documents" to spy Silvermaster. 

Few members of the the Jew Silvermaster spy group:-- 
Nathan Gregory Silvermaster
Helen Witte Silvermaster
Schlomer Adler, was
Virginius Frank Coe
Lauchlin Bernard Currie
Abraham George Silverman
Harry Dexter White

After spy Harry Dexter white died of  digitalis plant poisoning , spy Currie was surprisingly not prosecuted and in 1949 he was appointed to head the first of the World Bank's comprehensive country surveys.

In the late summer of 1950, Currie fled to Colombia and a few years later renounced his American citizenship and had a attractive Colombian girl.  He was on Rothschild's Communist  mission,

He abandoned his first wife, Dorothy Bacon, whom he married in 1927 and with whom he had two sons. In 1954 he married his Colombian girl, Elvira Wiesner, with whom he later had a son and a daughter.

Everybody likes to write that Currie’s US passport was NOT renewed in 1954, that he was refused—the fact is that he  never applied.  Currie was implicated by the Venona decrypts in numerous Soviet spy rings and fled to Bogata, Colombia, following World War II.

On the day before he died on 23rd Dec 1993, the Colombian  President Cesar Gaviria would award him Colombia's highest honor, the Cruz de Boyaca,  for "great" services to his adopted country. 

The Bank of the Republic (Spanish: Banco de la República) is the state-run central bank of the Republic of Colombia--of course Rothschild’s bank..

Currie the Canadian born economist who headed the word bank in 1949,  was in Soviet Communist intelligence archives as spy code 'VIM'.  Currie was chief economist at the Colombian National Planning Department from 1971 to 1981.

Hardly anybody knows of Currie’s ulterior and shadowy connections with the Colombian communists today.   The Colombian Communist Party (Partido Comunista Colombiano, PCC) was formally accredited by the Rothschild controlled Comintern in 1930 .

Since 1964, the Colombian Marxist–Leninist revolutionary guerrilla organization is involved in the  armed conflict since 1964.   The FARC –EP Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia—Ejército del Pueblo  is considered a terrorist organization by the Government of Colombia.   

The FARC–EP claim to be a peasant army with a political platform of agrarianism and anti-imperialism inspired by Bolivarianism.  Actually they are organized drug runners , who also produce and distribute refined illegal drugs.

Currie’s economic strategies included the forceful removal of small farmers to promote huge industrial farms known as Latifundio .  We  have heard about Mao's "great leap " in China in a similar way too, right?

Enter Jew Michael Greenberg 

Michael Greenberg (28 November 1914 – 19 April 1992) was a communist .

In 1942 Greenberg became a China specialist at the Board of Economic Warfare and an assistant to the agency's head,  Lauchlin Currie.  

Greenberg later worked as a Foreign Affairs Economist in the Administrative Division, Enemy Branch, of the Foreign Economic Administration.  Greenberg supplied information concerning China.

Greenberg also became Managing Editor of the Institute of Pacific Relations (IPR) publication, Pacific Affairs in 1941. 

Greenberg lost his U.S. citizenship and was denied a passport by the British Home Office , even as late as the 1970s.   His British passport ( he was born in Britain ) was never restored to him, and the accusations continued to hound him .. In 1958, he was recruited as Economic Advisor to the Central Bank of Ceylon, a Rothschild’s spot.

Enter German Jew Karl Marx.



I can see some of my readers saying --what do you mean by enter-- we already know this fellow!

Well you know fu#k all about him.

So listen up.

This Jew by the name of Chaim Hirschel Mordechai ( 5 May 1818 – 14 March 1883), too the whole world for a ride along with his blood relative cousin German Jews Rothschild.

He is better known as Karl Heinrich Marx, and known best as "the father of communism".

Karl Marx was born into a Jewish family of rabbis.  He married into fellow international Jewish financial dynasties, through Joseph Sebag-Montefiore and Montagu Samuel.  He was also related to Jewess Hannah Rothschild; on both her paternal and maternal side

Hannah was married to Scottish liberal politician Archibald Primrose, 5th Earl of Rosebery. 

Marx moved to London in 1849 and died there, but not before he took the world for a royal ride. While Marx wrote Das Kapital in the British Museum reading room, his famous cousin Lionel de Rothschild, was the powerful kingmaker MP for the City of London (1847–1868 & 1869–1874). 

The name "Rothschild" is NOT mentioned in Das Kapital .  

But if you make a spelling mistake on your computer and type in Rothcsild instead of Rothschild, the computer will correct you, as if this is NOT a proper noun.  


Enter German Jew Eva Sandberg.



German Jewess Eva Sandberg was sent to Russia to learn the essentials of Communism and be an agent for the Russian Communist Jews in Communist China.

She got caught by Mao , and she and her Chinese husband Emi Xiao , a very close childhood friend and classmate of young Mao would spend 7 years in solitary jail without knowing the other spouse was in jail too.

Emi Xiao was Mao's school mate first at Dongshan elementary school, and then later at Changsha high school. While at Changsha, Emi and Mao created the "New Citizen Society".

In 1918 Yang Changji  their teacher, was invited to teach at Beijing University. He took both Mao Zedong and Emi Xiao along with him. 

Emi Xiao went to France to get brainwashed into Communism .  In 1922 he returned to China and was catapulted to be the secretary of the Communist Youth League Executive Committee..  From 1923 to 1924, he attended Moscow University of the Toilers of the Far East to study advanced communism and to help introduce more Chinese students to Communism in Moscow.
  
In 1925  Emi Xiao was caught in the web of an attractive  Jew Russian Communist honeypot by the name of Vasa who came from  Vladivostok in 1925 to teach Russian at Beijing University. 

Emi 's Russian was now excellent and he was now chosen for Jewish Communist spying activities and in 1927 he went to to Russia .  Before he left, he married Vasa and they went to Vladivostok together..

He came back to China and soon went back to Moscow again in 1930 and yet again in 1934 as the Chinese delegate to represent the Chinese Writer's Union, a Communist organization.

In 1934, he met Eva Sandberg, the German Jew photographer.  Eva Sandberg was born to a Jewish family in Breslau in 1911, in 1934, it was arranged that she must go to Russia for Communist indoctrination and also become a Russian citizen.

In 1935 a pregnant Eva Sandberg and Chinese Emi Xiao got married and soon had their first son. In 1938 Emi went back to China to grab the spoils of the Long March from his friend Mao, leaving Eva behind in Russia. In 1940 Eva went to China and joined Emi and soon has a second son.

Eva did NOT know that in her absence Emi was taking an attractive Chinese Opera woman Gan Lu , 27 years younger  than him , to his bed.

Eva was furious when she came to know about this adultery and in a huff she packed up the children and went to Moscow, even before the divorce was formalized.. She ended up in Kazakhstan, and started photography as a profession..
  
Meanwhile Emi was doing well as the blue eyed boy of Mao and he was working on a biography of Mao , which would see the light of day only in 1953.

In 1949 Emi was unable to please his Chinese lover anymore and their relationship soured . So Emi went to Kazakhstan to see Eva and his sons and reclaimed his lost family after apologies galore.

Eva worked for TASS, the Soviet news agency and then for the China News Agency.
She traveled all over China and even went to Tibet to take selective pictures and show how Tibet needed big brother Communist rule, to save unhappy Tibetans ( sic !)

The relationship between Russia and China had fallen apart publicly by 1960.  In 1964, Eva became a Chinese citizen, though still a Russian spy.

In June 1967, Emi and Eva were arrested by the Red Guard .    Mao knew that his old school mate was spying against him and threw him into Qincheng Prison of Beijing .  Emi would spend the Cultural Revolution in solitary confinement with Eva in another part of prison .  

They were not released until 1974 and were subject to supervision and house arrest after that.  The seven years in solitary had broken Emi's health.  

In 1979, three years after the Cultural Revolution, restrictions were lifted by Rothschild Perestroika man Deng Xioping who liked  to prove that peasant Mao was a duffer.

Eva was now able to go all over China for “photography”.  Emi died in 1983.

In 1990, the documentary "China my love, my life, Eva Siao - A Portrait" appeared on German television.

Her last decade was one of awards by Rothschild’s media , invitations from museums, hazaar honorary degrees, and accolades..   Eva Siao died in 2001 at the age of 90.


BREAKING NEWS!!!

The picture below is our Onam 2013 , flower carpet --

with a small anchor and a 4 bladed propeller--   TEEE HEEEEE !.





If my foreign readers wonder what Onam is — punch into Google search-

ONAM 2012 VADAKAYIL

and

WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI VADAKAYIL

Enter Jew Nathan Gregory Silvermaster.



The poor hilly billy white Christian Yank does NOT know that during the Presidency of Jew FDR, all important secrets were sent by Rothschilds Jews packed into in White House to the Rothschild’s Bolshevik Jews in Russia,
  
Silvermaster  (November 27, 1898 – October 7, 1964), an economist with the United States War Production Board (WPB) during World War II.

He was the head of a large ring of Communist spies in the U.S. government. .

His wife, Jewish wife Helen and stepson, Anatole Volkov, were big members of his spy ring.
Silvermaster;s wife was born of a Jewish family in Odessa, Russia (present-day Odessa, Ukraine) in 1898.  He moved with his family to China, where he was indoctrinated to Communism and also to learn English.

He emigrated to the United States and soon got his Ph.D. from the University of California, Berkeley, where his thesis was entitled Lenin’s Economic Thought Prior to the October Revolution.
He became a naturalized American citizen in 1926.  

He was the hub of contact for a very large number of Communist Party USA officials, and was active in a number of Communist front group

It is from him that the FBI Silvermaster File , documenting the Bureau's investigation into Communist penetration of the Federal government during the 1930s and 1940s, takes its name.
He was identified as a Soviet agent in the WPB operating under the code names Pel, Pal, “Paul” in the Venona decrypts,  and as “Robert” both in Venona  and independently by defecting Soviet intelligence courier Elizabeth Bentley. 

The object of the US Venona program was to examine, and exploit, encrypted Soviet diplomatic communications.

The COMINTERN (Communist International) was a Soviet-controlled organization that conducted liaison with the national communist parties of various countries, including the United States, in order to further the cause of Communist revolution. Moscow issued guidance, support, and orders to the parties through the apparatus of the COMINTERN.

American Venona code-breakers discovered that the Soviet Union was using a complex two-part ciphering system involving a "one-time pad" code that in theory was unbreakable. One of the first cables rendered into coherent text was a 1944 message from KGB officers in New York showing that the Soviet Union had infiltrated America's most secret enterprise, the atomic bomb project.

 Silvermaster arranged in 1942 to be detailed to the US Board of Economic Warfare.  Both White House advisor Lauchlin Currie (identified in Venona as the Soviet agent operating under the cover name “Page” and Assistant Secretary of the Treasury Harry Dexter White (identified in Venona as the Soviet agent operating under the cover names “Lawyer” “Jurist” “Richard” sponsored Silvermaster strongly. .

In June 1943 at the War Production Board,  Silvermaster was able to provide the Soviet Bolshevik Jews with a large amount of secret data on arms, aircraft, and shipping production.  Silvermaster was associated with Harry Dexter White at the Bretton Woods conference.  Nathan Gregory Silvermaster used the front of  Agriculture Department official.  He helped create the United Nations.

Can you believe this—the Russian Jews awarded the Order of the Red Star to their spy Silvermaster. 



The Order of the Red Star  is a military decoration for bravery of the Soviet Union, as is NOT given away just like that. Silvermaster got it for his great and successful efforts as leader of a Jewih spy ring that passed secrets to the Red Bolsheviks.

His wife Jewess Helen Witte Silvermaster ( Vera Lavrow ) was born 19 July 1899 in Russia.  Her father, Jew Baron Peter Wittee, was a counselor to the  Czar and an informer to Lenin and Trostsky  . He was known in Russia as the “Red Baron” for his support of the Red Bolsheviks. 

After the Revolution Helen traveled to China and married a Russian spy becoming Vera Ivanova Witte about 1923. They emigrated to San Francisco in 1924 where her son, Anatole Boris Volkov was born in 1924.   Helen's code name with Soviet intelligence and in the Venona project is "Dora". 

Helen seduced Nathan Gregory Silvermaster; the couple wed in 1930 and remained married until Nathan's death in 1964.

In Washington, Helen was one of the leaders of the Washington Bookshop, the American League for Peace and Democracy, the Washington Committee for Aid to China, and the National Federation for Constitutional Liberties. All these organizations were Comintern and CPUSA sponsored organizations. 

American authorities after cracking the Venona crypted codes , learned that since 1942 the United States had been the target of a Soviet espionage onslaught involving dozens of professional Soviet intelligence officers and hundreds of Americans, many of whom were members of the American Communist party (CPUSA).  

The deciphered cables of the Venona Project identified hundreds of US citizens, almost all of them Jews  who had had a covert relationship with Russian Jew Bolsheviks. 

Yet the stupid hilly billy white Christian Yank does NOT even know what is AIPAC today. They do NOT even know how Israel was carved out by Rothshild..

A trusted personal assistant to US President Jew Franklin Roosevelt, Lauchlin Currie, warned the Russian KGB that the FBI had started an investigation of one of the Soviets' key American agents, Jew Gregory Silvermaster. This warning allowed Silvermaster, who headed a highly productive espionage ring, to escape detection and continue spying.

In November 1945, the Silvermaster network was betrayed to the FBI by double agent Elizabeth Bentley, who had formerly met with Silvermaster and some of his assets and acted as a courier. Following Bentley’s statement, signed on November 8, 1945, the FBI opened an investigation of the members of the Silvermaster group and their contacts.

Silvermaster died on October 7, 1964, aged 65, in USA.

Enter crypto Jew Henry Robinson Luce.



Henry Robinson Luce (April 3, 1898 – February 28, 1967), a magazine magnate, was called "the most influential private citizen in the America of his day—after all he was running Rothschild’s most important manin stream media like Time, Fortune , Life and radio programs , newsreels etc.

Luce was born in Tengchow China to missionary parents.  He studied at Yale in China.  In 1920, he graduated from Yale College USA , where he was a member of the usual Skull and Bones.




Soon he would be working for Rothschild controlled Chicago Daily News and The Baltimore News.   He was an  influential member of the Republican Party.. An instrumental figure behind the so-called "China Lobby", he played a large role in steering American foreign policy and popular sentiment in favor of Nationalist leader Chiang Kai-shek and his wife Soong Mei-ling.

After the outbreak of full-scale war between China and Japan in 1937, Luce called for greater U.S. support of China's war effort, and particularly for the Nationalist government led by Chiang Kai-Shek.

The Chiangs appeared in the cover of Time eleven times between 1927 and 1955
  
He married his second wife, Clare Boothe Luce in 1935. She was a Dame of Malta . Luce was a Knight of Malta, basically a banking cartel.  There are people who speculate even today that Clara had Rothschild blood . Clara was oversexed and had several affairs,  almost as much as her mother..
  
Luce did NOT have to try too hard to persuade US President Jew Eisenhower that Mrs Clare Boothe Luce, his wife should be posted to Rome as the American ambassador- the first woman ever to hold such an important diplomatic post.
  
President Reagan awarded her the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1983. She was the first woman member of Congress to receive this award.  Why not?.

She had a steamy affair with Barnard Baruch, the agent of Rothschild for years .  Baruch was so powerful that he could make the US President do press ups in his office.  And if Rothchild got angry with Baruch he could make him do murga position on the table . 

Savvy the equation?

There were only two other women who could possible rival the "power at the legs junction" of Clara . 

These were Dorothy Parker Rothschild and Pamela Digby Harriman. 

Dorothy Parker was  born Dorothy Rothschild to Jacob Henry and Eliza Annie Rothschild

Clara was screwing Pamella's husband , Randolph Churchill the son on Winston Churchill.

Pamela Harriman was the wife of Winston Churchill's son . She was ambassador to France.  She was also the lover of  Elie de Rothschild among many others including shipping magnate Stavros Niarchos.

I guess my readers are getting fed up of China and the Jews-- so let me end.

Niarchos reminds me of a joke.

A Japanese shipowner who owned 10 super tankers had a very expensive socialite mistress, who needed to be pampered with diamonds and real estate for good performance in bed.

He sold all his ships and there was this last big ship remaining.  He sold that too.

He bought a gun to blow out his own brains , had a final steamy session with his mistress. 

Then he put on all the lights in the room and told her to lie on the bed with her legs apart facing him .
She hissed " What for?"

He says " Baby, I just want to see and figure out , how 10 of my large ships went into that tiny hole with hair around it ."





I hope my wife does NOT read this joke for she will surely kick my a$S.

Now a piece about SA Dange.

 

On 10 December 2004, the Indian Parliament honoured  Indian Communist Party kingpin Shripad Amrit  Dange  (10 October 1899 - 22 May 1991)  when Dr. Manmohan Singh, Prime Minister of India unveiled his 9 foot high bronze statue.

Now who is this deshasta  Maharashtrian brahmin SA Dange?

Pray?

Our man Dange, a founding member of Communism in India along with MN Roy,  left more than 70 crores when he died to his daughter Roza Deshpande, who was named after Rosa Luxemburg, the Karl Marx propagandist and German Jewess  stooge of Rothschild.

Dange, is well known for his stupid book saying that the entire wisdom of Karl Marx is derived from the vaidik Vedanta.   But this was a bit too much and there was a furore resulting in poor Dange getting kicked out from the party itself.

Dange was a great follower of Rothschild stooge Gandhi.   He was a stooge of the Bolshevik Jews of Russia.

It is said that  Lenin sponsored Dange him after reading his book published in 1921, Gandhi Vs. Lenin, a comparative study.

TEE HEEEE !

M.N. Roy came all the way to Bombay to meet SA Dange.  MN Roy and his Jewish honey pot wife Evelyn Trent founded the émigré Communist Party of India on 17 October 1920 in Tashkent.  Today several letters written by MN Roy from Moscow to SA Dange are preserved. Do NOT ever think that these were freedom fighters.

SA Dange was funded and sponsored by a money bag , Ranchoddas Bhavan Lotvala, a flour mill owner from Bombay and together they built up a library of Marxist Literature and published translations of classics, with Rothschild’s blessings. In 1922, with Lotvala's funds , Dange launched the English weekly, Socialist, the first Indian Marxist journal, basically a mouthpiece of Rothschild remote controlled Cominterm, the international communist organization founded in Moscow in March 1919.

As a resolution adopted in the Founding Congress of the Comintern its stated objective was to fight 'by all available means, including armed force, for the overthrow of the international bourgeoisie and for the creation of an international Soviet republic as a transition stage to the complete abolition of the State'

Oh Boy!

Those days if you can pronounce the magic word BOURGEOISIE all Communist comrades will kiss you and take you in.  

TEE HEEEE !

Rothschild would catapult SA Dange to power and fame by using their familiar mind game “ baffle with bull after dazzle with brilliance “ method—in Dange’s case it would be  ze “ Kanpur Bolshevik Conspiracy Case”.

The specific charge was that they as communists were seeking "to deprive the King Emperor of his sovereignty of British India, by complete separation of India from imperialistic Britain by a violent revolution." ( when it was a mangy Jew ruling India and NOT the crown ).

Dange would be imprisoned . All freedom fighters dear to Rothschild would be jailed in COMFORTABLE hosue arrest .  Illuminati Gandhi would be “jailed” in the luxurious Birla House. Birla was an opium agent of Rothschild.

This Rothschild monopolized media  tom-tommed case , was responsible for actively introducing communism to the Indian masses.  Dange was released from prison in 1925.

The Meerut Conspiracy case trial would catapult Dange even higher and would help the Communist Party of India take on a messiah status in the minds of the gullible and impoverished labourers..  The main Meerut charges were that in 1921 SA Dange entered into a conspiracy to establish a branch of Bolshevik Jew Comintern in India.  Hey, you like Rothschild cutting his own feet for the gallery?

Between 1929 and 1935 Dange would be in jail for role in Meerut conspiracy—such a martyr.
It was our man SA Dange who brought labor union activist leaders amongst the naïve Bombay textile workers under the communist umbrella.  How many of the poor workers suffered and committed suicide !

Two prolonged and bitter strikes in 1928 and 1929 was called by Girni Kamgar Union followed.  SA Dange was he general secretary of the Girni Kamgar Union.  He edited the Marathi journal, Kranti, the official organ of the Girni Kamgar Union from the time of its inception.

In 1926 and 1927 several members of the Rothschild controlled British Communist Party, notably Philip Spratt and Ben Bradley, came to India.  They were told by the Russian Jewish  Comintern to rabble rouse the naïve textile mill workers of Bombay.

In 1939 Dange was convicted to four months of rigorous imprisonment for organizing a strike of textile workers. He was arrested on 11 March 1940 for leading a general strike of textile workers in Bombay In prison he started a political study circle amongst the prisoners.  Well the whole idea is all this plus some nice Communist books to brainwash the masses while in jail.  Dange was released in 1943.

During the year 1943- 1944 by now famous and activist rock star Dange was elected as the chairman of the All India Trade Unions Congress.  In February 1947, Dange again became the chairman of All India Trade Union Congress and continued to be at the helm of that organization either as general secretary or chairman.

On the day India got freedom,  in 15 August 1947 , our man SA Dange was in Moscow talking to the Soviet leaders—for what?

In 1951 four leaders travelled as stowaways from Calcutta port on a Russian ship from Calcutta. They were Ajoy Ghosh , S.A. Dange,  C. Rajeswara Rao and M. Basava Punnaiah.

After they came back Dange was elected to both the Central Committee and the Politburo.
Dange was elected to the 2nd Lok Sabha in 1957 from Bombay City (Central) Constituency of the State of Bombay, being such a darling of the masses.

Diaries of I.A. Benediktov, Russian ambassador to India during the 1960s named Indian communist leaders seeking aid from the Soviet Union.  Dange's name figured in the first excerpt is from a 17 January 1962 entry from the journal Benediktov.

Christopher Andrew published, in 2005, a book Mitrokhin Archive II, that contained details of alleged transactions between the CPI and the KGB during 1975-76, and it claimed that the money exchanged was between 4 to 8 lakh rupees a month.   

KGB papers claim that deceased CPI leaders Dange and C. Rajeswara Rao regularly received bribes and favours from the Russians in mid-1970s and Dange even issued receipts for the money he received.  This money changed hands from car windows in desolate areas in the outskirts of New Delhi.

This money is to help Bharat Mata , right?

In May, 1981 the National Council of CPI expelled Dange.

Dange died at a Bombay hospital on 22 May 1991.

Hey Indians, do NOT forget to kiss the feet of the 9 foot high statue of Shripad Amrit Dange.

Who is the person below?



His name is C Rajeshwar Rao, who was Indian Communist party General Secretary from 1964 to 1989.

Communism is a brainchild of German Jew Rothschild . He created it using his blood relative German Jew Karl Marx.

Four years after India became independent , in 1951 , four Indian communist leaders hid on board a Russian ship as stowaways and travelled from Calcutta Kidderpore Docks to Moscow to meet Rothschil’d agent Stalin.

They were Comrades Ajoy Ghosh, S.A. Dange, C. Rajeswara Rao and M. Basava Punnaiah.

All those who want to know who Jew Stalin is , must punch into Google search-
EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF HOLODOMOR , BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION, AND THE GULAG VADAKAYIL
  
Chandra Rajeshwara Rao (1914–1994) was THE top leader of the Telengana Rebellion (1946–1951).  

He also worked as Communist Party of India (CPI) general secretary for 28 years until he gave up the job in 1992 for health reasons—and he would die two years later.

His son and grandson, Chandra Chandrasekhar and Jaideep are in Andhra Pradesh Communist politics.

These four leaders, two from each centre, were brought to Moscow by  political journalist Nikhil Chakravartty, the editor of Mainstream who planned the entire journey.  



President KR Narayanan had said that Nikhil Chakravartty used to visit China often when he was ambassador to China  .  

Traitor Nikhil  Chakravartty’s  portrait is installed in the Press Council of India .  

How do you like that?  

We worship all false gods.

These four leaders met with top CPSU leaders at Moscow.  

The first meeting was attended from the Soviet side by Comrades Suslov, Malenkov and Molotov. 

On the third day  Comrade Stalin made an appearance, and he did so for subsequent days too . Stalin only listened rarely sat at the table but kept pacing up and down smoking his pipe.

Rothschild stooge Stalin told C Rajeshwara Rao that Nehru was too popular to be brought down by a Chinese model revolution .

Stalin told the gruesome foursome that India was not an independent country , but was still ruled indirectly by proxy by British colonialists. 

This was in 1951, 4 years after our Indian independence.  He said that the Communists could eventually advance only by heading an armed revolution.. ... Stalin discusses the armed Communist struggle whose fountain head was Telengana with C Rajeshwara Rao, whom he knew worshipped himself and Lenin.

Stalin suddenly said the Communist Party of India is sending misleading reports to Moscow on conditions in India, and that he gets his own intelligence reports too.  And that put cold water on the heads of the gruesome foursome Indian Communists who went against their own motherland 4 years after Independence.

Makineni Basavapunnaiah was a member of the CPM Politburo and participated in the Telengana Rebellion. He was the editor of the central organ of CPI (M), People's Democracy magazine.  He was a member of the Rajya Sabha for 14 years from 1952 to 1966.   

Rajya Sabha is nowadays packed with desh drohis.
********************************************************************
SIKHA, KUDUMI, CHOTI, OPEN FLAG OF SANATANA DHARMA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SHIKHA ,  CHUDA,  HINDU RITUAL HAIR TUFT , PERSONAL BRANDING , SCALAR FIELD GENERATOR –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Recently the Western historians found a 9000 year old skull with sikha at Globleki Tepi Stonehenge.   In 7000 BC Turkey was under Indian rule of Emperor Vikramaditya .



Below Video:   Have a look at the tuft hairdo of the singers on the stage.  This is same a sikha , the Hindu Dharma open branding style.  When you have this hairstyle you have a code of conduct called dharma.




What is Hindu Dharma ?

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

Getting back to the Sikha skull .

Manu Smriti (ii : 27) —
“By oblations to fire during the mother’s pregnancy, by holy rites on the birth of the child, by the tonsure of his head with a lock of hair left on it, by the ligation of the sacrificial cord are the birth taints of the three classes wholly removed.”  Manu Smriti (ii : 27)

In the Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, when  Lord Krishna saw that  Arjuna wanted to punish Ashwatamma said “ Just cut his Shikha and let him go, it is the equivalent to killing him!” 

As instructed Arjuna cut his shika and gouged out the natural diamond on his forehead and let him go".   

By this punishment he eliminated the ethereal body.

Now, you may want to know about the Vedic single use Havanam Kundam at Arkaim.

Punch into google search-

STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL

Below : the untied tuft of Chanakya.



Below Video:   Nowadays you find foreign funded Christian  TV channels  making fun of the Hindu Sikha . This is most unfortunate ,  as these people do NOT know what a sikha is.




2300 years  ago, Chanakya entered the palace of the Nandas.  He saw ten gold plates and thrones.  He was told that nine were for the eight Nanda princes (who were brothers) and their father Sarvarthasiddhi.  The tenth was for the most learned person in Vedas.  

It was to be occupied by Subandhu, who was way below Chanakya in Vedic knowledge  and a misfit.   Chanakya strode up and sat down on the tenth throne.

The nine princes and Subandhu entered the place and noticed Chanakya sitting on the throne, and all got terribly upset.

The youngest two brothers, Sukalpa and Dhanananda, asked him rudely to get up and leave. Chanakya replied, 'I am the most qualified for the tenth throne. It is my right to sit on it.  If Subandhu defeats me in a literary vedic public debate, I will readily step down.'

The princes become more angry but Chanakya remained calm.  Sukalpa insulted him by calling him a monkey but Chanakya continued to be calm and said that the duty of the king is obey the Sanatana dharma.  Since the tenth throne is to be given to the most learned man, it is dharmic that a fair contest be held.

Further, Chanakya noted that he may be darkskinned  like a monkey but Vedic scholars are noted for what is inside them.  The princes got more  angry and asked the palace guards to throw him out.. In the scuffle they tugged at his mun-kudumi ( a knot tied by Kerala Namboodiris ) and it became loose .

Chanakya then untied his hair tuft letting his hair down , making all onlookers terribly nervous.  Only scholars proficient in Vedas , and only Kerala Namboodiris had the privilege of the mun-kudumi .  


In 4000 BC Lord  Krishna was about to kill Rukmi ,  when Krishna’s wife  Rukmini fell at his feet and pleaded to spare her brother’s life.    Out of respect for her words,  he tied him with a cloth.  Then he deliberately sliced off half his sikha ( kudumi or hair tuft ) and spared him .  Cutting the whole tuft was equivalent to spiritual death , due to the enormous disrespect involved .




He took  the famous oath, 'I will not tie my tuft of hair until I uproot the whole Nanda dynasty and establish dharma in Magadha.  Rulers like you have spoiled Bharat.  This tuft of hair is now a serpent which will come back to bite you.'

Hearing this, Sukalpa got furious and  ordered him to be put to death.  However, the minister Subuddisarman intervened and requests the king to let go Chanakya or it will be adharmic .  

Chanakya true to his word would later dethrone the mighty Nandas, and put Chandragupta on the throne.

By the way Alexander the Great got terribly nervous when Porus with less than hundred war elephants defeated him in battle. If he had won, the Nandas and Mauryas who had thousands of elephants would have decimated the army of Alexander.

Punch into Google search-

ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS THE HIDDEN TRUTH VADAKAYIL

Sikha or Kudumi has their own styles and meanings.  Only Kerala Namboodiris , the Vedic experts, were allowed to wear the sikha as Mun Kudumi ( tuft towards the front or side ) .  

It was a sort of personal branding.  The Kerala Namboodiris would do work only related to Vedic knowledge or temple rituals.



What do the modern Management Gurus know about personal branding— zilch, if you were to ask me.

Punch into Google search-

PERSONAL BRANDING,  ME  INC  VADAKAYIL

Hindus did OPEN branding, with a sikha.

Jews did SECRET branding , which is a circumcised dick. 
  
Muslims followed this too,  thought it is NOT requires as per the Koran.   Shows how much self proclaimed Koran expert Dr Zakir Naik knows .

In Hinduism when people fly into a terrible rage and take a solemn “hairdo oath”,  onlookers shit in their pants or petticoats , as may be applicable.

6000 years ago when Draupadi was stripped in the King’s court by Dushasana , she had let loose her hair and declared that she will only tie it back after she has been avenged by the Pandavas.  



All who saw this event froze in fear as there would be war and terrible calamity.

Lord Krishna had also a task of eliminating by the roots,  the test tube baby remnants on this planet.  All 100 Kauravas were test tube babies and NOT delivered by Gandhari.



Much later , a decade ago when the Italian waitress ran to the President skippety skip to be Prime Minister of India.   

Sushma Swaraj,  threatened to shave off her head .  



As per our constitution, the waitress being of 100% foreign DNA could NOT be prime minister.  The Indian President developed cold feet as there would be a revolution in India and people would hang.   

Poor Queen Bee has to retreat hoppety hop.  This is the reason why this vulgar woman is ALWAYS in cloak and dagger Italian mafia mode— sans statesmanship and Dharma ( ethics and integrity ).

In Hindu culture when a baby boy is born, the father does NOT handle the boy till the 16th day.

On the 16th day , the father will get up before daybreak, and take a bath in clean Ganges water . He will then squeeze a few drops of water from his Kudumi into the baby’s mouth.  Only then he will lift the child and cuddle and kiss him for the first time.


The water wrung out of the wet Kudumi is charged with human spirit ,  basically scalar energy.

The spiritual significance of this I will explain later.

This is also a method to introduce some bacteria from the father into the baby. The mother has already transferred her body bacteria while doing NATURAL delivery.

Punch into Google search-

ALLERGY , THE OVERKILL RESPONSE OF SQUEAMISH IMMUNE SYSTEM VADAKAYIL

Later comes the Mundan ( tonsure ) ceremony of the boy.

The father hold up a tuft of hair and the barber shaves around it . This is a religious ceremony and so mantras are chanted.  Coconut oil is put on the shaved part of the head.

Mundan ceremony ( first shave for a newborn child ) cleanses the baby of the bad karmas of the mother while in the  womb.

It formats  the child's mind .  

As per griha sutra Mundan ceremony must be done before the 3rd birthday.  It cannot be done on 2nd , 4th and 6th years.   These are procedures laid down by ancient Maharishi seers and are NOT questioned with a rationalist outlook.


 Pretty soon the time comes for the boy child to go to Gurukul ( school ).

The guru unties the kudumi of the boy in the presence of the father.   

He divides the kudumi into three holds it apart and chants mantras and blows on the junction scalp with intent.   



If you do reiki initiations they do this.  The boy child then offers a coconut to his guru, who breaks it in front of the Ishta Devata with intent.   He is now ready to kick start his Vedic learning.


Maharisgi Agastya has written that the practice of wearing one's hair as a kudumi is conducive to the blossoming of gnaana.  When sunlight falls on that head where the hair is tied in the sikha knot, it sets spiritual wheels into  motion that kick starts the process of gnaana acquisition


What is the meaning of this coconut thing ?

Punch into Google search-

THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT  COCONUT BREAKING VADAKAYIL




When the father dies ,  the body is prepared and  is carried by male relatives on a flower-draped bamboo bier to the cremation ghats.  There is no coffin.  Male relatives that carry the shrouded body chant “Rama nama satya hai,” the name of the God of Truth.

The eldest son is in the lead with untied kudumi.. He has been purified in a special ritual and carries a fire kindled in the home of the deceased.

The fire is carried in a black earthen pot. T he bearers of the body should be bathed, shoeless and without upper cloth on their bodies.  The members of the procession should also be without upper cloth, and kudumi hair should be unbound.

At the cremation site, the services of a priest are usually engaged.  The eldest son performs the ceremony as directed by the priest or elder. If there is no son in the family, an elder male relative performs the ceremony.

The body is placed with the head pointing south.  The eldest son carries a pot of water on his left shoulder, using his right hand to hold the ganges water pot in place.  He has to circumambulate (or go around) the body three times in an anti-clockwise direction, from left to right. The younger sons follow behind him.

He circumambulates the pyre counterclockwise– for everything is backward at the time of death. Islam mirrored Hindusim and hence at Mecca Kaaba they circumambulate anti-clockwise.

Even the dead body is taken out of the house feet first. 

When the eldest son circumambulates the body, the priest makes a hole in the pot so as to allow water to spout wetting his untied kudumi.

Water hold memory.   

Each time he circumambulates ( 3 times ) , a new hole is made.

In the first circumambulation, the water that flows facilitates the departure of the soul from this world.  During the second circumambulation, the water that flows is to purify the atmosphere. During the third circumambulation, the water that flows is to lead the soul to heaven. After the third circumambulation, the son faces north and throws the pot over the shoulder southwards, over his back. ..

The elder son  squeezes a few drops from his wet untied kudumi  into his dead father’s mouth.

Remember his father had once done it , long ago, on the 16th day of his birth.

This is like a relay baton passing on.

After this he is not to look back .

The symbolizes the break with planet earth.

I am 100% sure than NO hindu knows the significance of making a hole on the earthen water pot and allowing the water to strike the untied kudumi and flow down his back.   This is a very special feeling . I know how it felt when my father died.   I had NO kudumi though.

He goes to the foot of the body where a pot of fire which is brought from the home has been placed.  He takes a twig or cinder and lights it with the fire from the pot.  Gold coins or bell metal is placed on the eyes.

He walks in a clockwise direction, places the burning twig or cinder on the chest and bows facing south where Yama is. The torch is used to light the funeral pyre: at the foot of a deceased woman or at the head of a deceased man.    

No tears are shed.

The Brahmin priest reads sacred verses from the Garuda Purana, speeding the dead person’ soul to the next life.

Chants from 7000 year old Rig Veda:  "Release him again, O Agni, to the fathers. The one offered to you now proceeds to his destiny. Putting on new life, let him approach the surviving, let him reunite with a [new] body, All-Knowing One!" (10. 16. 5).

The younger sons walk off first, followed by the eldest son who walks off last.

He now shaves his kudumi.

After one year the eldest son goes on pilgrimage to Varanasi and wears a kudumi again.

Vishwa karma sprung out of the third eye of Shiva with a kudumi.  

Vishvakarma was the architect of the gods who made a golden chariot for Lord Shiva to destroy Tripura is )  Brahma himself was the charioteer.  The bow was made of Meru stringed with Vasuki the snake .   Vishnu gave a single arrow the Pashupatastra ( a scalar interferometry cruise missile ) , with could be triggered only by resonance from the pineal gland of Shiva .  




Shiva send this cruise missile which ripped through all three airborne forts one after the other in a devious search and destroy track.  Tripura  was reduced to ashes in a split second and Shiva would dance the gruesome tandava with rudrakhas popping out of his three eyes till he cooled down.

When Francis Xavier came to India this Portuguese missionary made Sikha or Kudumi  illegal.   

Anybody caught with a kudumi would be tortured severely .   

There was a mass exodus Hindu priests towards Mangalore and other areas.

Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL

Poor Portuguese , their  country is in such a sh#t  state , and they now survive on tourism.   All their stolen money is now over.   You should see the pathetic  condition of the dark skinned Goan Catholics who immigrated to the land of milk and honey.



According to Smriti Shastras, it was mandatory for all Hindus to keep sikha as an external symbol of Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism. The kudumi was one of the few symbols of Hindus that transcended caste, language or regional barriers.

Even the British and European missionaries regard the wearing of this tuft as a badge of Hinduism, and require the natives employed in the missions , even as a watchman or sweeper to cut off their kudumi as a sine qua, non to their retention of mission employment.  

First things first— shave that bloody Hindu tuft.


At the Gurukul the guru gives his best pupil a single  strand of his sikha hair willingly.  The pupil then  puts this in a silver amulet casing on his body.   This is a priceless gift.   The hair strand cannot be stolen.

You must have seen when we have modern singing  contests on TV,  a music guru when he is overwhelmed by a contestant’s song usually get up and gives him a personal piece of jewellery like a chain .

The gurus body cells resonate and guides him into taking this decision. The mind is NOT involved here.


Sushruta, the father of surgery and the author of Sushruta Samhita had encouraged the sporting a “sikha”.  This made diagnosis easier as Maharishis could see human auras , like what a Kirlian camera does today.


Why water wrung from a sikha into the baby’s or dead father’s mouth?

Water holds memory.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings.  A single molecule of water looks like a letter V at an angle of 105 deg , with one oxygen atom at the bottom point and two hydrogen atoms at the top.  These atoms share some of their negatively charged electrons, forming a strong connection called a covalent bond.

This dipole causes immense scalar energy to usher in and out of the zero point field.

Water has the capacity to transmit information.  Our brain stores information in the holographic form. Liquid water absorbs radiation of all wavelengths.

Black colour is the best radiator and best absorber of energy .  Sikha is best suitable for black hair.

The property of water to store memory underlies the healing capability of homeopathy, which was stolen from the Germans from India.

Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and is extremely sensitive to these frequencies . I am sure in future water will be used inside computers and NOT silicon chips.

Water receives cosmic radiation as extreme low frequencies everywhere, even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began .

Water molecules group together in vast numbers of unusually long 'cluster structures', and these can vibrate like a musical instrument receiving and giving off a wide variety of differing frequencies.

By the way I charge my head by an Amygdala massage using BOKOMA.   See a picture at the end of the post below.   

Oops!!  I have just let out a secret.

Punch into Google search-

ASHTANGA VINYASA YOGA, VAGUS NERVE , AMYGDALA VADAKAYIL

Though traditionally ALL Hindus were required to wear a sikha today it is seen mainly among Brahmacharyas (celibate monks )  and temple priests.   

An untied Kudumi represents something  represents times of great personal sorrow ,  calamity or even readiness to suffer great pain ( like Chanakya ) .



Kudumi is knotted lock of hair on the crown of the head and the rest of the hair shaved off.  This knot must essentially be a figure of eight or  MOBIUS COIL  .  




The kudumi knot is always tied to the accompaniment of the Gayatri Mantra.

Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure eight in the shape of a möbius coil.  When an electric current flows through the wires in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires cancel each other and create a scalar wave.

The DNA antenna in our cells’ energy production centers (mitochondria) assumes the shape of what is called a super-coil.   Supercoil DNA look like a series of möbius coils.  These möbius supercoil DNA are hypothetically able to generate scalar waves.  Most cells in the body contain thousands of these möbius supercoils, which are generating scalar waves throughout the cell and throughout the body.


On the head if you see the image produced by a Kirlean camera you can see that there is always an scalar electrostatic  field charge , also known as aura.



Contemporary cell research is now based on the principles of quantum physics that shows the world as being created out of energy.   Our cells’ membranes contain special proteins called Intergral Membrane Proteins (IMPs) that respond to energy signals from the external and internal environment.  Our biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which include thought.



When we shut off our internal mind chatter and concentrate our attention through prayer, meditation or contemplation, we tune ourselves into this subtle, spiritual, quantum-level energy matrix.  

When this energy is allowed to transfer to our DNA (without interruption from negative attitudes), it affects the molecular and cellular levels that drive all our physical metabolic processes.  This is why we have the ability to heal ourselves through prayer, meditation or conscious intention.




There is another mobius coil configuration found within the vascular system. The continuous flow of blood through the arterial system–which runs next to the venous system but in opposite directions–contains mobius coil properties. The circulation of blood throughout the body resembles the figure-eight shape of the mobius coil.

 Within the vascular möbius coil there are subsets of the figure eight along the major capillary networks. These major capillary networks are associated with primary organs and are related to the endocrine glands and correspond to the chakra energy centers.

The electrical activity of the heart muscle sets up its electromagnetic field, the strongest field of the body. It is at the heart that the center of the vascular möbius coil is found: an intersection of venous blood passing through the right atrium, overlapping aortic blood coming through the left atrium.

The möbius coil intersection occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a huge web-like network of capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a battery for the storage of scalar waves.

Scalar waves generated in the body protect us from the negative effects of solar radiation and other environmental electromagnetic stresses by constantly producing a neutral field capable of deflecting these harmful non-bio-energetically compatible frequencies.

Scalar waves generated in the body also provide an energetic communication system that connects all cells. This energy contains the power of the universe and has unlimited potential.

In the scalar vacuum state this energy is susceptible to our thoughts and feelings. Our cells react to environmental signals as well as to our thoughts.  Cells move toward growth signals and away from life-threatening stimuli.

Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves. Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, biophoton signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels.

When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.

The same thing happens when you are trying to get a clear picture on your television set. The TV antenna must be pointed in the direction of the transmitted incoming signal.  Without this focussing you only get static.  

When you turn your attention away from the source (the Spirit or quantum energy source) by focusing on negative thoughts and emotions, your cells and DNA receive and transmit static. In this case, your cells lose the signal or instructions on what to do and they become chaotic or uneasy, as in ‘dis-ease.’

If you look at the source of negative thoughts and emotions, in all cases you will find that the root cause is “fear.”  When you allow fear to interfere  with your DNA signaling, you are traveling down the path of cellular degeneration. The opposite of fear is love.

Unconditional love is the emotional quality or feeling associated with having a connection with the “Universal Creative Energy.”  Love is the highest positive energy.  It transcends all other feelings and emotions.

Love is the energy and power of God or the Source of what keeps us alive. When we are connected to the highest expression of love, there is no room for fear.  With love there is trust – trust in our abilities and ourselves; trust in the Divine plan.

You can love someone without trusting them, but you cannot have trust without love.  Having fear means you have become out of step with Trust and Love 

This is the essence of prayer and cannot be wished away by foreign funded atheist rationalist idiots like Dr  fu#kin’ Dabholkar,  for whom Kudumi will be a superstition..

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..
Grace and peace !




Har Har Har Mahadev,
Shiv Shankar Adi Dev,
Parmeshvar Akhileshvar,
Tandav Priye Shashishesvar,
Vishvdhaar Vishvnath,
Gangadhar Dheernath,
Jatajut Chandradhari,
Tennan Ke Hitkari,
Goripati Nandieshwar,
Shaleshwar Jagadishwar
********************************************************************
KING RAVANA OF RAMAYANA , HERO OR VILLIAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
RAVANA AND KUMBHAKARNA THE SECOND RE-INCARNATIONS OF VISHNU’S GATEKEEPERS JAYA AND VIJAYA,   SEVENTH VISHNU AVATAR SRI RAMA ,  KUBERA,  MAYA DANAVA,  SHIVA TANDAV STOTRAM,  PUSHPAKA VIMANA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In Hindu mythology rather Hindu history, we had good guys and bad guys.

Hindus called the good guys and devas ( gods ) and bad guys as asuras ( demons ).


The whole of Kerala celebrates Onam, whether he is Hindu, Muslim or Christian , it does NOT matter.

We put flower carpets to welcome a beloved asura ruler of Kerala Mahabali in ancient days, who was killed by Lord Vishnu in his Vamana ( Brahmin midget ) avatar.




This is the reason why people of Kerala do NOT celebrate Dussera or Diwali festivals.

Punch into Google search-

WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI VADAKAYIL

After Ravana was killed , Lord Rama installed Vibhishana , the brother of Ravana on the throne of Lanka.  

A grateful  King Vibhisana  offered everything in his kingdom to Rama.   



Lord Rama said he did not want anything,  except the Varaha Vigraha that was taken from Amaravati.  

Lord Vishnu had killed Ravana ( Jaya ) in his previous birth as Hiranyaksha.

Punch into Google search-

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES  VADAKAYIL

Vishnu’s third avatar was the Varaha boar just to kill Jaya his beloved Vaikunta gatekeeper  , reincarnated on planet earth as Hiranyaksha.

Vishnu had nine avatars so far.
3. Varaha (the boar- to kill reborn Jaya or Hiranyaksha )
4. Narasimha (the human-lion- to kill reborn Vijaya  or Hiranyakashipu )
5. Vamana (the dwarf- to kill asura King Mahabali whom people of Kerala started worshipping )
6. Lord Parasurama (the angry man, Rama with an axe – to bring Namboodiris with Vedas inside their heads to Kerala , after perennial river Saraswati dried up )
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha- to kill reborn Jaya/ Vijaya or Ravana and Kumbhakarna)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman- to kill reborn Jaya /Vijaya  or Shishupala and Dantavakra )
Now who is Jaya and Vijaya?

They were the biggest devotees of Lord Vishnu , and were his celestial demi-god gatekeepers as  they earned Vishnu’s trust and love.

In the Bhagavata Purana,  Ravana and his brother, Kumbhakarna were said to be reincarnations of Jaya and Vijaya,  gatekeepers at Vaikuntha, the abode of Vishnu and were cursed by the Kumaras to be born in Earth for their insolence.

The 4 Kumaras, Sanaka, Sanandana, Sanatana, and Sanatkumara were the manasaputras of Brahma -sons born from the mind or thought power of Brahma.

Several people came daily to visit Lord Vishnu at Vaikunta and it was Jaya's and Vijaya's job to allow every person who had grievance to see the Lord.  

Jaya and Vijaya blocked the four Kuraras from entering Vaikunta, pissing them off .

They knew that Lord Vishnu's time was precious and could not be wasted.  The doorkeepers took their job very seriously.  

Jaya suddenly realised who these four children were and they were not children.  He felt scared, very scared. ' Forgive us, you are the four Kumaras.   You are the sons of Lord Brahma...' He said faintly kneeling before the four children.

Sanatkumar spoke, ' For this we curse you... Jaya and Vijaya.  You are so full of yourselves . You think vainly that just because you are gate keepers , you are god “

Jaya and Vijaya looked terrified and they requested “'Please do not curse us..”



Meanwhile inside Vaikunta,  Lord Vishnu heard the commotion , rather he knew this would happen as ordained.  He rushed out to the gate and saw his dear doorkeepers kneeling at the feet of the four Kumaras shaking in fear .

Lord Vishnu heard Sanatkumar complete his curse. '...You will no longer be gods. You will be born on earth as ordinary humans and live like ordinary people...'

Jaya and Vijaya knelt there stunned , unable to figure out what next. Suddenly they saw Vishnu and started explaining.

Lord Vishnu held up his hand and silenced them, 'I know.. no explanations are necessary...' Lord Vishnu was touched... He felt proud of them. He said 'I cannot take back the curse, but I can give you a clear choice...' ( Vishnu knew what the answer would be )

He said 'Either you can take seven births on earth as my devotees.....or take three births as my enemies...'
Jaya and Vijaya both looked at each other .  Seven births was too long .

As one they said, 'We will be born three times as your enemy and come back to you my Lord...'

Lord Vishnu laughed, “ I will incarnate on the earth to kill you, all the three times, but you will  attain moksha in the end ”

He finished and hugged Jaya and Vijaya, touched by their love and  devotion.

It was after this that Jaya and Vijaya were first born as Hiranyaksha and Hiranyakasipu.

In the first life they were born as Hiranyakashipu and Hiranyaksha to Diti ( daughter of Daksha Prajapathi ) and sage Kashyapa. 

Vishnu as Varaha the boar killed Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ).  

Vishnu took another avatar as Narasimha the lion man to kill Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya ).

In their second life Jaya and Vijaya were born as Ravana and his brother Kumbhakarna . This duo was killed by Vishnu as avatar Lord Rama .   

In their third life Jaya and Vijaya were born as Sishupala and Dantavakra.  This duo was killed by Vishnu as avatar Lord Krishna.



In the classic Ramayana text, Ravana is depicted negatively as a villain of the first order , kidnapping the Rama's wife Sita, to claim vengeance on Rama and his brother Lakshmana for having cut off the nose of his sister Surpanakha , and is finally killed by Rama in a climactic battle. But you must realize that this was a way to induce Vishnu ( Rama ) to kill Jaya ( Ravana ) , as per Vishnu’s prophesy.

Ramayana epic has been murdered by fake historians , including Christians and Buddhists from Sri Lanka who think that Ravana is a Sinhala hero.   

Sorry ye Sinhala Sri Lankan historian fools.   

King Ravana was a Hindu who spoke Sanskrit NOT Sinhalese , which did NOT exist.   Lanka is a Sanskrit name-- and Sanskrit is 9000 years old. Ravana was well versed with Vedas written in 5000 BC, and was a great scholar, by Rama's admission to Lakshman.   

Buddha is a recent phenomenon and Ravana was NOT a Buddhist .  Hinduism is 5500 years older than Judaism, 7000 years older than Christianity and 7600 years older than Islam.

Ravana was an Indian Brahmin, whom Rama himself addressed as Maha brahmana. .

The war was fought in Sri Lanka as Ravana had usurped his half brother Kubera’s kingdom and palace.

Ravana’s race from the maternal side was that of Asura / Rakshasa and from his paternal side was of Prajapti (Lord Brahma's descendents).  He was an Agnihotri brahman.

The Ramayana tells that Ravana had close connections with region of the Yadus,  which included Gujarat, parts of Maharashtra and Rajasthan up to Mathura south of Delhi.  Ravana was no commoner among the humans or asuras, and he knew the Vedas. He was found of chanting the Sama Veda.

Ravana was born to a great sage Vishrava (or Vesamuni), and his wife, the daitya princess Kaikesi. He was born in the Devagana, as his grandfather, the sage Pulastya, was one of the ten Prajapatis or mind-born sons of Brahma and one of the Saptarishi (Seven Great Sages Rishi) in the first Manvantara.

Ravana’s brothers were Vibhishana and Kumbhakarna.  Kaikesi also gave birth to a beautiful daughter, "Chandramukha" ("girl with moon-like face"),  although later she was dubbed the infamous Shoorpanakha ( "winnow-like nails") .

Kaikesi's father, Sumali (or Sumalaya), king of the Daityas, wished her to marry the most powerful being in the mortal world, so as to produce an exceptional heir. He rejected the kings of the world, as they were less powerful than him. Kaikesi searched among the sages and finally chose Vishrava, the father of Kubera.  

Father Vishrava noted that Ravana was an exemplary scholar.  Under Vishrava's tutelage, Ravana mastered the Vedas, the holy books, and also the arts and ways of Kshatriyas (warriors). Ravana was also an excellent veena player and the sign of his flag had a picture of veena on it.

Ravana was married to Mandodari, ( the beautiful daughter of the celestial architect Maya Danava who wrote the Surya Siddhanta ),  Dhanyamalini, and a third wife.  He had seven sons from his three wives:

Meghnaad (also known as Indrajit because he defeated Lord Indra), the most powerful son
Yohmoththa
Atikaya
Akshayakumara
Devantaka
Narantaka
Trishira
Mantha

Mandodari’s father was a great Asura.  The Mayan calendar was made by Maya Danava, never mind what the fake western historians write.  The Mayan calendar , which everybody knows about, is nothing but a Vedic calendar made by Maya Danava.  

The Mayan calendar began with the Fifth Great Cycle in 3114 BC and ended on 21 December 2012 AD.  In Surya Siddhantam,   Maya described how eclipses were caused.. Maya Danava went to Peru on his own Vimana which was a spacecraft.  He had designed several of these spacecrafts for Kubera.    


Punch into Google search-

MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL

Maya was an architect and a metallurgist par excellence-- he was a magician literally with palaces. He was the architect of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and the Lanka palace of Kubera which was usurped by his half brother Ravana along with the Pushpaka Vimana. 

After the Ramayana war in 4300 BC, this vimana ( flying saucer with mercury plasma gyroscope vortex ) was returned back to its rightful owner Kubera by Lord Rama.

Maya Danava was a descendant of Danu,  one of Kasyapa‘s 13 wives and a daughter of Dakhsa Prajapati.  Maya’s grandson ( Mandodari’s son) Meghanada, defeated Indra and was called Indrajit.  Maya’s sons Dundhubi and Mayavi were killed by the Vanara, Vali.  Maya’s son-in-law Ravana was defeated by Lord Rama in the Ramayana war.  Maya is mentioned 23 times in the Ramayana, and 61 times in the Mahabharata.


Maya Danava who build the Indraprasta palace hall for Yuddhistira of Mahabharata was Ravana’s father in law. . Bharadwaja’s daughter married  Visrava and her son was Kubera, the elder half-brother of Ravana.  Ravana’s grandfather Pulastya, told the story of the Big Bang to Bhishma at Gangadwar. (Padma Puranam). 

Since Sri Rama and Ravana fought each other in Ramayana , this means Bhishma of Mahabharata was of the same generation as Lord Rama.  Maharishi Bhardwaja (grandfather of Ravana’s half brother and Valmiki’s disciple). )

In greater detail—

Ravana's parents were Vishrava (son of Pulastya) and Kaikesi (daughter of Sumali and Thataka). Kaikesi had two brothers Maricha and Subahu who would be Ravana's uncles.
Ravana had six brothers and two sisters:

Kubera – the Guardian of Heavenly Wealth.  He was an older half-brother of Ravana: they were born to the same father by different mothers.

Vibhishana –  the younger brother and minister of Ravana who would snitch Ravana’s weak points to Rama thus weakening the King.  Vibhishana advised Ravana to return the kidnapped Sita ( Rama ‘s wife ) and uphold Hindu Dharma.  Ravana rejected this sane advice,and also banished him from his kingdom.  Vibhishana sought protection from Rama.

Kumbhakarna –  One of the most jovial demons in Hindu history, who is Vijaya . When offered a boon by Brahma, he was tricked into asking for eternal sleep!  A horrified Ravana, out of brotherly love, persuaded Brahma to amend the boon.  Brahma mitigated the power of the boon by making Kumbhakarna sleep for six months and being awake for rest six months of a year. During the war with Rama, Kumbhakarna was untimely awakened from his sleep by all and sundr clanging bells near his ears. As soon as he got his bearings he tried to persuade his elder brother Ravana to open negotiations with Rama and return Sita to him. Bound by a brother's duty, he fought on the side of Ravana and was killed in the battlefield.

Surpanakha – The beautiful sister of Ravana.  She was the ultimate root of the kidnapping of Sita.While Rama , Sita and Lakshmana were in the forest , she fell in love ( at first sight ) with Rama. Rama spurned her advances, telling her that he is married. 

Lakshmana cut of her nose . In Indian parlace cutting of the nose is just a “figure of speech”. Surpanaka went back crying to Ravana and complained in full court . 

When Ravana refised to act, she took out her bangles and told him to wear it , as he is NOT suitable to be a brother whose dharma is to protect his sister. It was due to this woman that Ramayana war took place. 

Meanwhile Sri Ram being an avatar of Lord Vishnu , suddenly knew how things were transpiring and he would soon kill his gatekeeper Jaya (Ravana) as per prophesy.. 

To protect Sita he had an arrangement with Agnidev to take Sita to a safe place and replace her by an ethereal image.  The original Sita was never kidnapped and imprisoned by Ravana .  

Nor did the  agnipariska happen with the original Sita where Rama challenges her to prove her chastity , having been with Ravana for a long time.  

Ravana did NOT even touch Sita physically during kidnapping or captivity..  

Ravana performed an intense penance (or tapasya) to Brahma (the Creator God).  At last, Shiva, pleased with his astonishing austerity, offered him a boon.   Ravana asked for immortality, which Shiva refused to give, but gave him the celestial nectar of immortality.  The nectar of immortality, stored under his navel, dictated that he could not be vanquished for as long as it lasted.

Ravana also asked for absolute invulnerability from and supremacy over gods, heavenly spirits, other rakshas, serpents, and wild beasts.  Contemptuous of mortal men, he did not ask for protection from these.  Shiva granted him these and great strength by way of knowledge of divine weapons and magic. Thus Ravana known as 'Dashaanan' , the man with ten heads worth of knowledge.

After winning these boons, Ravana sought out his grandfather, Sumali, and assumed leadership over his huge army.

Lanka was a beautiful city, created by the celestial architect Vishwakarma for Lord Shiva and acquired by Kubera , the treasurer of the gods upon advice of his father Visravas.  Kubera had generously shared all that he owned with Ravana and the latter's siblings, who were Kubera's half-brothers and half-sister through his stepmother Kaikesi.  

Vishrava, their father, advised Kubera to give up his throne to his brother, as Ravana was now invincible.

Vishrava knew that both his sons are at loggerheads and Ravan was more powerful. . Kubera had once chastised Ravana for his greed, greatly angering him.  Proceeding to the heavens, Ravana fought and defeated the devas, singling out his brother for particular humiliation.  By force he gained command over the devas, celestials, and the serpent races.  At the time of the Ramayana, Ravana dominated all human and divine races..
  
Although Ravana usurped Lanka on advise of his father , he was a benevolent king. His people loved him as his rule was peaceful and Lanka was a land of plenty.

Ravana went to meet Shiva.  Nandi the vehicle of Shiva, refused to let Ravana in.  Ravan got upset and started teasing Nandi.  Nandi got annoyed and cursed Ravana that Lanka would be destroyed by a monkey.  To demonstate to Nandi his great strength, Ravana attempted to shake to lift and  move Mount Kailash the mountain on a whim.  

Shiva, annoyed by Ravana's arrogance, pressed his little toe on Kailash, pinning him firmly and painfully under it.  Not to be outdone, Ravana plucked out the nerves from his hand used Kailash as a resonator and composed and sang  stotras praising Lord Shiva.   Finally Shiva got pleased with his resilience and devotion , after hearing Shiva Tandav Stotram and  released Ravana from his bondage . 




Lord Shiva gave him the divine sword Chandrahas shaped like the sliver crescent moon which resembles a smile with a warning that the sword must NOT be used for unjust purposes.

It was during this incident that he acquired the name 'Ravana', meaning "(He) Of the terrifying roar", given to him by Shiva – the earth is said to have quaked at Ravana's anguished cry of pain when the mountain was pinned on him.



See the video below -- white historians in their ridiculous act.  These dorks are STUPID enough to say that Mount Meru ( of Samudra Manthan ) is a Buddhist thing.  

The women in the video wear Bindi and are on the clouds , which means they are apsaras ( demi-goddess who can fly ) . 




Ravana's wife Mandodari  is the daughter of Mayasura, the King of the Asuras (demons), and the apsara Hema.



Ravana’s maternal great grandmother was a gandharva lady ( apsara ) called Narmada.


All right!

One of my readers have challenged Sita's illusion .

So, I have to go back to Sita's agnipariksha.





The real Sita did NOT enter the fire. 

It was a Chaya Sita-- an illusion.   

Ravana kidnapped the illusionary Chaya Sita.

Only Valmiki did NOT write about the Chaya Sita.  Our Malayalam texts , and almost all other texts including Nepali, Bali  etc talk about Chaya Sita.

Punch into Google search-

EDAKKAL CAVES, PHANTOM ROCK, MEENMUTTY WATERFALLS OF WAYANAD KERALA  VADAKAYIL

In above post I show the exact spot where Agnidevata approaches Lord Rama to safeguard Sita. This Chaya Sita thing is known only by Rama and Sita's brother Agnidevata ( siblings of Mother earth ) .

It is Agnidevata , Sita's brother who makes Chaya Sita , the illusion from the sacred Kusha grass..

At the agnipariksha it is Chaya Sita who enters the fire, and the real Sita steps out.

It is Chaya or Maya Sita who tells Rama that she wants the illusionary golden deer.

In the Ramayana battle, Indrajit – the son of Ravana – creates another illusionary Maya Sita and kills her in front of Hanuman,  as a war tactic to dampen the spirits of Rama's army. The fooled Hanuman reports it tearfully to Rama, who pretends to be dejected..

Some texts calls the Chaya Sita as rajatamomayi chaya .

After becoming getting back to Ayodhya Lord Rama ordained that humanity, present and future, must never ask any female to undergo this type of a stupid  test.

To gain entry into western embassy cocktail dinners to gulp in free wine and eat phukat ka caviar, we have our Indian socialites with moth eaten faces, who come on prime time Indian TV , praising an  American woman Nina Paley. 


This woman  Nina Paley who is ugly from inside and outside insults Rama and Sita in her most ridiculous animated movie about Ramayana .



The western main stream media New York Times heaped hazaar praises on the film's ingenuity.

You must know that even a retarded Indian child of 15 can make a better animated movie .  The whole thing is about happiness derived in insulting 1 billion Hindus by saying that Sita carried Ravana’s children in her womb.  

The way things are going under the waitress very soon Indian Hindus will NOT have a country.

The Hindusim denigrating animated movie Sita Sings the Blues, won the following awards.

Below : "Ugly from both inside and outside", American Jewess Nina Paley.  To be frank, Capt Ajit Vadakayil considers it below his dignity to even FART on her ugly face.

YUCK !!

PHTHEOOOOEY !!!




Berlinale (Berlin International Film Festival), Feb. 2008, Crystal Bear - Special Mention, Gen-14+, Germany

Annecy, June 2008, Cristal grand prix for best feature film, France

Avignon, June 2008, Prix Tournage for Best American Feature Film, France

Athens International Film Festival, Sept. 2008, Best Script Award, Greece

Ottawa International Animation Festival, Sept. 2008, Honorable Mention for Best Animated Feature, Canada

Montreal's Festival du nouveau cinéma, Oct. 2008, Grand Prix Z Télé, Grand Prize chosen by the public, Canada

Expotoons, Oct. 2008, "First Mention" (runner-up), Feature Films, Buenos Aires, Argentina

Leeds International Film Festival, Nov. 2008, Golden Owl Competition - Special Mention, UK

Asheville Film Festival, Nov. 2008, Runner-up, Best Feature, Fiction, NC, USA

Starz Denver Film Festival, Nov 2008, Fox 31 Emerging Filmmaker Award, CO, USA

Gotham Independent Film Awards, Dec 2008, Best Film Not Playing at a Theater Near You, NYC, NY, USA

Les Nuits Magiques, Dec 2008, Audience Award for Best Feature Film, Begles, France

Santa Fe Film Festival, Dec 2008, Best Animation, NM, USA

Boulder International Film Festival, Feb 2009, Best Animated Film, CO, USA

Film Independent’s Spirit Awards, Feb 2009, Nominee, Acura Someone to Watch Award, Los Angeles, CA, USA

Fargo Film Festival, March 2009, Ruth Landfield Award and Honorable Mention, Best Animation, ND, USA

Festival Monstra, March 2009 Jury’s Special Prize, Lisbon, Portugal

Cairo International Film Festival for Children, March 2009, Jury’s Special Mention, Cairo, Egypt

Tiburon International Film Festival, March 2009, Best Animation, Tiburon, CA, USA

Big Cartoon Festival, March 2009, Grand Prix Sirin, Krasnoyarsk, Russia

Animabasaui5, March 2009, Jury Special Award, Bilbao, Spain

Akron Film Festival, April 2009, Best Feature Film, Akron, OH, USA

Philadelphia CineFest, April 2009, Archie Award for Best First Time Director, Philadelphia, PA, USA

Salem Film Festival, April 2009, Grand Jury Award, Salem, OR, USA

Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles, April 2009, Jury Award for Best Narrative Feature, Los Angeles CA, USA

Talking Pictures Festival, May 2009, Best Animated Film, Evanston, IL, USA

Connecticut Film Festival, June 2009, Best Animated Film, Danbury, CT, USA

Festival Internacional de Cine DerHumALC, June 2009, Signis Award, Best Film of the Official Competition, Buenos Aires, Argentina

Indianapolis International Film Festival, July 2009, American Spectrum, Best Feature, Indianapolis, IN, USA


One moth eaten Indian Hindu celebrity challenged the Hindus “ Grow up! The world is changing all around you! Your old voice will not be able to continue unless you adapt to new ways of telling old stories!" .   

Did she get more free wine and caviar to take home?  You guess is as good as mine.

See Hindu bashing is so lucrative.  If they dare to do it against Islam they would have to hide like gophers in deep holes under the ground.




In Nina Paley's animated movie ending, you have Goddess Lakshmi reclining on the Sesh Naga with Lord Vishnu massaging Her feet!   

And this makes the white Christian and Jewish audience smirk in sarcasm.

“ Nina Paley is proving that society rewards artists who refuse to sell their soul “ an Indian born Hindu journalist Lavina Melwani writes.  

Now Sindhi woman Melvani  will rake in the world journalism awards for being frank, free and OBJECTIVE..  The vulgar Italian waitress may even make her a Rajya Sabha member or a state governor.

Ravana was a cross of Brahmin and Rakshasa thus attaining a status of Brahmarakshasa.

Ravana also authored Ravana Sanhita, a book on Hindu astrology. Ravana possessed a thorough knowledge of Ayurveda and political science.  He is said to have possessed the nectar of immortality, which was stored inside his belly, thanks to a celestial boon by Brahma.

Ravana’s half brother Kubera holds a mace, a pomegranate or a money bag in his hand. He may also carry a sheaf of jewels or a mongoose with him. The pomegranate is about the Fibonacci series and the golden mean.

Punch into Google search-
PERFECT SIX PACK  VADAKAYIL

The mongoose symbolizes Kubera's victory over Nāgas— the guardians of treasures.

Kubera also enjoys the titles "king of the whole world". He had his own Vimana ( gyroscopic mercury ion powered space craft ) .  Before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world.

Punch into Google search-
VEDIC VIMANAS, GYROSCOPIC MERCURY VORTEX FLYING SAUCERS VADAKAYIL

In the epic Mahabharata, Kubera is described as the son of Prajapati Pulastya and his wife Idavida and the brother of sage Vishrava.

Kubera is known as the "Lord of riches" and the wealthiest Deva.

Kubera is also a Loka-pala ("world protector") .  Ravana’s half brother Kubera, went around the world on his vimana.

Punch into Google search-
THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL

The Mahabharata says that Brahma conferred upon Kubera the lordship of wealth, friendship with Shiva, godhood, status as a world-protector.  

Below: Kubera holding a pomegranate.



Kubera himself is often described as a Yaksha, but his father Visrava was a brahman and his maternal grandfather Bharadwaja was a Brahman Rishi.  Kubera had not a drop of Yaksha blood, he was merely the ruler of the Yakshas.

Ravana had very little Rakshasa Genes.   Visrava blessed Kaikasi with 3 sons, Ravana, Kumbhakarna and Vibhishana and 1 daughter, Soorpanakha.  Visrava was a brahman and the son of Pulastya and the grandson of Brahma.  So Ravana and the other were half brahman, 1/32 rakshasa, 3/32 deva, 3/8 gandharva.  So Ravana was more brahmana than rakshasa genetically. 

BY THE WAY, WHAT WOULD YOU DO IF SOMEONE CHOPPED OFF YOUR SISTER'S NOSE?   WEAR BANGLES ?

Shiva and his wife Parvati often frequent Kubera's court, which was attended by semi-divine beings. Kubera is worshipped with Lakshmi, the goddess of wealth during Diwali.

There are several temples in India and around the world where Ravana is worshipped.  Ravana is well known as the most revered devotee of Lord Shiva.   What type of devotee would pluck out his own nerves and play the veena to praise his lord?

Below : Shiva Tandav Stotram composed and sung by Ravana 6300 years ago .






The images of Ravana are seen associated with lord Shiva in some temples.  There is a huge Shivalinga in Kakinada, Andhra Pradesh,  installed by Ravana himself, with a statue of Ravana near by.


The Ravan Parsvanath Temple is at Alvar Rajasthan .   While Ravana was on tour to Alwar he realised that he forgot to bring the image of this Jain thirthankara Parsvanath got upset.   

Ravana’s wife Mandodari,  made an image of Parsvanath on the spot for her husband.

The Jains must know that they are the second oldest religion on this planet. Never mind what the fake white historian has written.

Punch into Google search-

JAINISM IS SECOND OLDEST RELIGION VADAKAYIL


There is a mandap  named  Ravan Ki Chanwari  where Ravana married Mandodari at Mandor in Rajasthan.

Some Mudgal Gotra Brahmins of Jodhpur  perform the shraddh (death rituals) of Ravana on Dashehra Day every year.  This can only be done by descendants and nobody fakes such solemn rituals.


RAVANA IS FROM THE YADU CLAN WHO MIGRATED FROM RIVER SARASWATI  BANKS (  AT THE SEA DELTA IN GUJARAT ) DOWN TO KERALA IN 6000 BC.


Ravana is mentioned in our Ramayana classic of 4300 BC,  as having his own Pushpak Vimana air craft, by which he abducted the Sita.  Rama and Sita returned to Ayodhya by this same vimana.



Ravana’s wife Mandodari’s father Maya Danava was a architect par excellence.  He built the Maya Sabha at Indraprasta.   The Mahabharata war's ( 4000 BC ) root cause was this highly polished hall where Draupadi  laughed loudly in sarcasm when King Duryodhana fell in a pool.



Maya also built the Tripura ( Atlantis for the Greeks ), which was destroyed by Lord Shiva.  Maya ran away to Patala ( Peru ) after that .

Ravana was a great astrologer and he has written a book on Astrology called "Ravan Samhita" .
Niti Shastra (political science) is also written by Ravana.

When Ravana was about to die Rama sent his brother Lakshman to gain some wosdom,  lest Ravana would die with it.   Ravana shooed Lakshman away,  unable to forget that this was the man who attacked his sister Shurpaneka—and to add insult to injury Lakshman sat at Ravana’s head.

Then Lord Rama sat at Ravana’s feet and they had a heart to heart.  

Ravana knew that Ram is Vishnu and Ram knew that the dying man is his great devotee and old gatekeeper Jaya.  Ravana is said to have given some wisdom about time and ego management. ( bad effects of greed, anger, procrastination etc )

Even though Lord  Rama forgave Ravana at the time of Ravana’s death,  the rest of India still does not and his effigy is still burnt every year during Dussera.  We do NOT do that in Kerala.



In South India and Nepal, Vijaya Dasimi marks Devi’s victory over Mahishasura, and in Karnataka, Mahanavami marks Arjuna’s victory over Kauravas at Matsya Desa.


The western historian had tried his best to say that Indians evolved from Africa.   A 600,000 year old skull of a 30-year old woman was found in the western Narmada region of Madhya Pradesh. Shiva Lingams which contain DNA first rain from the sky into Narmada river. 



This stone contains the SEED and hence is alluded to as the divine penis..



Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL



King Ravana was a great king, scholar, warrior, Ayurveda expert, astrologer, statesman and a  maestro among musicians.

Ravana lost the war to Lord Rama only because of the 'betrayal' by his half brother Vibhishana who gave away war secrets to the enemies.  

In any case all this is divinely ordained as he was Jaya, the Vaikunta gatekeeper who pissed of the 4 kumaras by his extreme devotion to Lord Vishnu....

When Ravana’s brother Vibheeshana refused to perform the last rites of Ravana ( all his sons were killed ),  Lord Rama persuaded , rather commanded him to do it.

We have our own Nina Paley in the form of desh drohi Amish Tripathi who had been offered millions of dollars by the West to denigrate Hindu gods, the way he did with Lord Shiva.   

Ninay Paley-- OOPS ! -- nay -- Amish Tripathi converted Shiva into a recent mortal phenomenon, rather a sex starved tribal.
********************************************************************
SHISHUPALA AND DANTAVAKRA , THIRD RE-INCARNATION OF GATEKEEPERS OF LORD VISHNU JAYA AND VIJAYA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MOKSHA FOR JAYA AND VIJAYA ,  RUKMINI WIFE OF 8TH VISHNU AVATAR LORD KRISHNA , SHALVA ,  RUKMI , VIDHURATHA –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




To understand who Jaya and Vijaya are , you must first read my previous post.

Punch into Google search-
KING RAVANA OF RAMAYANA , HERO OR VILLIAN VADAKAYIL

In the post above Jaya ( Ravana ) stole the wedded wife of Lord Vishnu ( as avatar Rama ).

In this post Lord Vishnu ( avatar Krishna ) will steal Jaya’s ( Shishupala’s ) would be wife . 

How do you like that !! 

Dantavakra ( Vijaya ) was the brother-in-law of Shishupala ( Jaya ).

Shishupala was the king of Chedi, the son of king Damghosh by his wife Shrutshrava and the sister of Vasudev , Krishna's father.   This made him a cousin of Krishna and Balrama.

In his Vishnu's Krishna avatar the killing of Shishupala and Danthavakra is not the main focus but more to reduce the 'Bhoobhara" (The burden on mother earth ).

The effect of the curse of the 4 kumaras was wearing of and they were being born as progressively less evil and less strong characters.   Both the re-incarnations Jaya and Vijaya , were first cousins of Krishna, born to two sisters of Krishna's father Vasudeva.

Shishupal was born with three eyes and four arms, and brayed like an effin’ ass.

His parents wanted to abandon the ugly child, but a celestial voice stopped them . This voice said that their son would become very powerful,  and the man, on whose lap when placed, and the child would lose his superfluous members, would be the one who would ultimately slay him.

Many kings came to see the weirdo child, and Damghosh placed the child on the lap of each, but no change came about in the child.

One day, Krishna and his brother Balrama came to visit their aunt.

The moment Krishna took the child in his arms, the additional limbs and eye disappeared.. The mother was overjoyed but at the same time she remembered warning given by the sage that the person who will be responsible for the Shishupal’s normalcy will also be the cause of his death in future.


Krishna’s aunt Shrutushravaa was aghast that her nephew would kill her son.  She pleaded with Krishna.  Krishna said that he was powerless against destiny, but would forgive a hundred offences before letting the prophecy take effect.

Pretty soon Shishupal became a powerful king and was a strong ally of Jarasandha.

Pandav prince Yudhistar was made the king of Indraprasta and Prince Dhuryodhana was the crowned prince of Hastinapur.

Dantavakra ( Vijaya ) too was born with protruding and jagged teeth . Dantavakra literally means "crooked teeth".  His mother Pruthudevi , sister of Krishna’s father Vasudeva too was aghast at his ugliness but was hopeful that his deformity would be rectified in due course.

Both Shishupal and Dantavakra grew up together.

Shishupal's father Damghosh was the king of Chedi and Dantavakra's father Vriddhasaman was the king of Karusha. Both were under the sovereignty of Jarasandh, emperor of Magadha.

Shishupal and Dantavakra grew up under Jarasandh's tutelage.

Jarasandh's attempt to subjugate all around him had been thwarted by Krishna and hence he hated Krishna. This hatred was naturally shared by Shishupal and Dantavakra

After Bhima killed Jarasandha, Yudhisthira organised a famous rajasooya yajana.  He invited many kings and princes. Shishupal too was invited.

As the yajna began, Shishupal saw Krishna in the crowd. Seeing him there he began hurling abuses at Krishna, Shishupal thought he would get the sympathy of the other guests, who would support him.

The Rajsuya Yajna was nearing its completion. The last rite was to confer honors upon the kings who had participated in the ritual.

Before starting this rite, it was customary to worship the best participant according to the manner prescribed in the religious scriptures. Yudhisthir did not want to choose the best candidate for worship after his own will. So, he decided to consult all the participants present there.

Sahadeva, ruler of Magdha, proposed the name of Krishna , as he was personally obliged to him for his coronation. Most of the kings and the Brahmans seconded the proposal though a number of kings opposed it . The opposing faction consisted of the supporters of Shishupal, who had an old grudge against Krishna because of Rukmini.

Shishupala opposed the worship of Krishna as the best participant using objectionable and disgraceful words for him. He suggested that either Bhishma or Drona should be the candidates for worship.  But these two worthy stalvarts had already supported Krishna's candidature. So, a vehement argument started and Yudhishthir was at a loss what to do.



The mindless brawl over the choice of the rightful candidate for worship was not coming to an end as Shishupal and his supporters were dead against the worship of Krishna.

Shishupala cried, “Have all the kings in this hall lost their senses?  Why have everyone accepted a cowboy to be the guardian deity when there are many great warriors in this hall?  Why should noble Kshatriyas like us devote our prayers to a cowherd who has no noble family, is dark skinned and is a virtueless person”

Krishna stood up and addressed the gathering saying " Listen all.  Shishupala is my cousin— the son of my father's sister.  He has been vehemently opposing me at every step for a long time.  I would have done away with him far earlier but for his mother's request to pardon him.  Now I warn him to come to the right path.  I won't say or do anything till he has used at least one hundred disgraceful terms for me.  But after it, I won't spare him at all."

Unluckily better sense did not prevail on Shishupal and he went on and on , with his vitriolic abuse against Krishna.

Krishna now calmly said " This fellow Shishupala is hell bent upon meeting with his end and I am helpless." 



Krishna wielded his chakra and directed it at Shishupal.  It went revolving to Shishupal and severed his neck from the rest of his body.  Then it returned to Krishna's hand.

Everybody present was frightened even to look at Krishna who had assumed his divine colossal form (Virat Roop).



Everybody stood up and prayed to  Krishna. Soon Krishna assumed his normal form and put on a benign look as before.

Now, Shishupala was a close friend of Rukmi ,  whose sister Rukmini was very beautiful.   Rukmi wanted Shishupala to marry his sister Rukmini.  It was known to all that Rukmini , was an incarnation of Goddess Lakshmi , and that she wanted to marry Krishna .

This was the root cause of Shishupal’s rivalry with Lord Krishna  According to the Mahabharat and the Puranas,  Draupadi was regarded as the most beautiful and virtuous of all women at the time.  It is said that if there was any one woman to match Draupadi, it was Rukmini.

Rukmini's eldest brother Rukmi was a friend of evil King Kansa, who was killed by Krishna. Rukmi was an ambitious prince and he did not want to earn the wrath of Emperor Jarasandha, who did NOT want Krishna to marry princess Rukmini. 

Ruthless king Jarasandha wanted Rukmini  to be married to his friend Shishupala,  the crown prince of Chedi.   Shishupala was also a vassal of Jarasandha and hence an ally of Rukmi.

When Shishupala started abusing Krishna,  Bhima got very angry and wanted to attack and kill Shishupala . 

At that moment Krishna stood up and warned Shishupala " I have promised your mother to forgive only 100 of your wrong deeds.  You have already been forgiven 100 times.  One more abuse from you , and I will slay you.”

Yudhishthira performed the funeral rites of Shishupala , and his son Dhrishtaketu was installed on the throne of Chedi.

It was divinely ordained that  Shishupala should die in an imperial court constructed by the demon Maya Danava, who also made Ravana‘s  ( Jaya in previous birth ) palace .

Bhishmaka, the king of Vidarbha had five sons and a daughter Rukmini.  Bhishmaka, the king of Vidarbha, was a  vassal of mighty King Jarasandha of Magadha

Rukmini was in love with Krishna’s having heard so much about him.  Krishna too was attracted by Rukmini’s great beauty, and exemplary character.

Her eldest brother Rukmi was adamant that she should marry his friend Shishupala, the king of Chedi. 

Soon she became desperate.  For her father King Bhishmaka was making lavish arrangements for her marriage with Shishupala.  Bhishmaka and Shishupala’s father, Damaghosha, individually performed the propitiatory rituals and offered gifts to the brahmanas with reverence.

Finding no other alternative, she decided to send a brahmana Sunanda to Dvaraka with a letter to Krishna.  

She wrote, “O Lord! My marriage with Shishupala has been fixed for tomorrow. I would suggest we get married by the rakshasa mode of marriage, one of the eight methods approved by the Hindu scriptures. According to this, the bride is carried away by force after killing the bride’s relations. I also have another idea to avoid killing my family people. Tomorrow morning, as is customary, I will be led in a procession to the temple of Uma. That would be the opportune moment for you to abduct me. So you will have to reach here well in time for the procession. Failing to win your favour, I will fast unto death.”

Krishna went into quick action.  He harnessed his best steeds with Daruka as the charioteer. In the company of elder brother Balarama and the brahmana, he covered the long distance overnight. Balarama anticipated a stiff opposition when he heard about Krishna’s abduction plan. Therefore he took along his best fighters , to retaliate, if the situation demanded.

In the meanwhile, Rukmini was getting restless as the brahmana she had sent to Krishna had not returned even after dusk. She was apprehensive that her action was impulsive and had earned Krishna’s displeasure.



While Rukmini’s thoughts were oscillating between uncertainty and hope, the brahmana’s arrival in her inner apartments infused life and delight in her.  



When her father Bhishmaka heard of the arrival of Balarama and Krishna, he thought they had come with eagerness to participate in the wedding festivities of Rukmini.  He extended a wonderful welcome to the honourable guests.

The people of Vidarbha were great fans of Krishna. They thought he would be an ideal match for their princess and prayed that God should make the union possible. Rukmini was led to the temple of Ambika, next morning, in a well guarded procession.

Rukmini prayed and broke her fast by having the temple prasadam.  As she came out of the temple, she looked round and spotted Krishna.  Meanwhile several kings who had come skippety skip to win her hand in marriage were looking on .

When she approached Krishna, he came forward , effortlessly lifted her and drove her away in his chariot.  Balarama and others secure their safe passage by fighting those who tried to resist the union.


Shishupala’s friends never expecting this, stood aghast at the turn of events.  Jarasandha and many other wannabe husband kings cursed themselves for helplessly looking on while a mere cowherd carried away the coveted prize.  



They said, “Fie upon us to call ourselves warriors. We are unworthy of wielding the bow and arrow.”

The enemy army chasing Krishna’s chariot, came under severe attack from Balarama and marched a hasty retreat.  


The crest fallen Shishupala was comforted by Jarasandha who quoted his own case as a morale booster.  He said, “I have been defeated by Krishna seventeen times but I am not demoralized. I am still hopeful of a win against that cowherd boy.  You see, Krishna’s luck is now at an all time high.  But in the near future, it will surely come down like the rim of a wheel, when we can ensure our victory over him.”

TEE HEEE !

Shishupala pretended to be somewhat consoled .

Meanwhile Rukmini’s father Bhishmaka  secretly rejoiced with his wife when he knew that their daughter  Rukmini would marry Krishna . 



However when he heard the revenge oath of his son Rukmi , he trembled.  

He ran to his son and pleaded….'Rukmini loves Krishna! She was the one who invited Krishna to come and take her away . Please my dear son , let her be happy!  Let it go !'

Rukmi took it as a personal insult because this match had been opposed by him from the very beginning.  He refused to listen to his parents.

His mind was overpowered by two thoughts, revenge on Krishna and the recovery of his dear sister.  He vowed not to rest in peace till he had successfully executed his resolve. 



Pretty soon he caught up with Krishna and attacked him. But Krishna easily parried his arrows and broke his sword broken to pieces.

When Krishna was about to kill Rukmi, Rukmini fell at his feet and pleaded to spare her brother’s life.  Out of respect for her words, he tied him with a cloth.  

He sliced off half his sikha ( kudumi or hair tuft ) . Cutting the whole tuft would be  equivalent to killing him in battle due to the enormous disrespect involved .

Krishna with his sword raised said. ‘The only reason I am letting you live is because of my wife Rukmini!…’ 



Krishna spared Rukmi’s life. But Rukmi had resolved that he would not return to Kundina without killing Krishna.  

So he had to build a new city known as Bhojakata where he began to live. Later on he would die in the hands of Balarama, Krishna’s brother in a bizarre incident.

Krishna’s son Pradyumna married King Rukmi’s daughter and had a son named Aniruddha. 

Aniruddha married Rukmi’s grand-daughter.  On the occasion of this marriage, Krishna, Balarama and the other Yadavas arrived at Rukmi’s capital Bhojakata.

After the marriage was over, some kings told Rukmi, “Balarama loves to play dice, and he is no good at it.  Why not arrange match of dice in which we can defeat Balarama?”



Rukmi agreed to this proposition and a dice match was arranged in which Rukmi would take on Balarama.  In the first round, Rukmi won four thousand gold pieces off Balarama.  This happened a second time and a third time as well.  At this, the king of Kalinga and Rukmi began to sneer and get sarcastic with Balarama.

Balarama got annoyed andwagered four crores of gold pieces as a bet.  Rukmi threw the dice, but this time Balarama won.

“I have won,” cried Balarama in triumph.

“ Absolutely not, you haven’t”, replied Rukmi.  “You did place your bet,  but I did not accept it. So you have not really won.”

Words were then heard from heaven which said that it was Balarama who was in the right. For although Rukmi had not verbally accepted the bet,  his throwing of the dice meant that the bet was acceptable to him, to even a idiot onlooker.

Pissed off , Balarama who has a short fuse,  picked up a dice and killed Rukmi with it.

He also caught hold of the constantly sneering king of Kalinga and broke off his sparkling front teeth.


Krishna had married Rukmini according to the rakshasa form of marriage.  Their son Pradyumna was kidnapped by Shambarasura as soon as he was born.  But later on , Pradyumna would kill Shambarasura.


Shalva a small time king, and a close friend of Shishupal, who had an axe to grind with Krishna.
He attacked Dwarka, Krishna's kingdom, but was killed on the battlefield by Krishna.

King Dantvakra ( Vijaya ) was the ruler of Karusha kingdom.  He was the best friend of Shalva who had been slain by Krishna , despite having a vimana  obtained from Shiva through a boon after long penance.

Dantvakra saw the dead body of his friend Shalva, he became mad in rage and his eyes began to emit fire.

Dantavakra decided to avenge Shalva's death.  Proud and overconfident he fought without armour and a chariot , with just a mace.  

Lord Krsna saw him approaching alone in a very gung ho mood.  He immediately got down from his chariot, for it was a rule of military etiquette or dharma that fighting should take place only between equals.  



Krisna dismounted fromhis chariot, took off his armour and waited with his mace.

Like Shishupal before him Dantavakra heaped abuses on Krishna and then punced on him.  
Krishna easily bore the brunt of Dantavakra's attack and ultimately he tore open Dantavakra’s ribcage with his mace, known as Kaumodaki.

His heart popped out of his ribcage, Dantavakra with his hair scattered , staggered over a few steps vomiting blood,  and soon fell down lifeless.

Onlookers had noticed that when Shishupala  and Dantavakra fell down dead, a ball of light as of spiritual effulgence came out of their bodies and  merged into the body of Lord Krisna. The prophesy of Jaya and Vijaya had finally been fulfilled. They would be Lord Vishnu’s gatekeepers in Vaikunta again.

The place where Dantavakra was killed is today called Datiha .

Now, Dantavakra had a brother named Viduratha who became overwhelmed with grief at the death of Dantavakra.  Out of grief and anger, Viduratha attacked Krishna with a sword and a shield in his hands.  

Krishna employed his mind controlled scalar discus , the Sudarsana chakra,  and without further fuss he cut off the head of Viduratha, with its helmet , earrings et all.
********************************************************************
UNIFORM CIVIL CODE IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DELIBERATELY DISTORTED SECULARISM IN INDIA , AMENDING OUTDATED MUSLIM PERSONAL LAWS ,  SHARIA LAW , SHAH BANO CASE ,  DHARMENDRA HEMA MALINI CASE ,  BODMAS  -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



During my travels over 4 decades to Islamic countires I have asked hundreds of Muslim men . 

Why do you circumcise your dick ?

All of them said because it is mentioned in the Koran.

When I tell them that I too have read the Koran and there is nothing mentioned in Koran about circumcision, they try to argue and then keep quiet with a confused look.

Khitan or circumcision is only mentioned in the Hadith —  which also includes circumcision, removing pubic hair,  clipping the mustache,  paring the nails, and plucking the hair under the armpits.



How many percentage Muslims do you see around the world with shaved upperlips?

The Five Pillars of the Islamic Faith are - the profession of faith, daily prayer, fasting at Ramadan, giving money to the poor (charity), and the pilgrimage to Mecca.

Muhammad the Prophet was a very intelligent person, and he created laws for the survival of a “not so bright” desert Bedouin community. 

He made several laws which even the most learned of Muslims do NOT know the reason why?
I am a Hindu and NOT a Muslim.

From now on this post if for educated Muslims who are Indians first.  This post is NOT for people who are Muslims first and then desh drohi Pakistanis. 

I am sure NO educated or uneducated Muslim wants his respected mother, dear sister or darling daughter to be divorced by a man gone astray, just by saying TALAQ TALAQ TALAQ.  

Or a Hindu man like Dharmendra converting to Islam just because he wants to marry Hema Malini who is more attractive than his first wife , without divorcing her.

Punch into Google search-
CULTURAL WISDOM  VADAKAYIL

Yes, taking four wives had a social engineering purpose in those days .

Now , punch into Google search-
OF PORK AND PIGS VADAKAYIL

Like Muslims , Hindus and Jews too do NOT eat pork. 

Ever since the Babri Masjid demolition even good desh bhakt Muslims  see a conspiracy when a Hindu talks about amending Muslims personal laws, to be congruent with the times.

Yes, India is a secular country. SECULAR means treating all religions the same. Secular does NOT mean that you kick the majority and pamper the minority in a selfish manner for votes.

Muslims do NOT understand why Hindus demolished the Babri Masjid.  I am NOT a supporter of this demolition.  But it has happened and there is NO point crying over it.  Moreover no  namaz prayers have ever been conducted in this structure, since it was built — never mind the SP propaganda.

Imagine Israel in all its arrogant power, bombs Kaaba in Mecca and then uses the same stones to build a synagogue on top of the existing foundation.  And after 400 years the Muslims of Saudi Arabia are in a condition where they can undo a past wrong,  will they not do it?  

Same way, Ayodhya for Hindus is like Mecca.

Thought the waitress and her coterie has kicked Hindus on their ehads and tried to prove that Lord Rama and Ayodhya is just fiction , the rest of the world does NOT think so.  

Before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world.

South Korean tourist come in droves to visit Ayodhya and their government also wanted to ADOPT Ayodhya, which we did NOT permit.

Punch into google search-

THE KOREAN BRAHMINS, KIM HEO CLAN VADAKAYIL

and

BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION VADAKAYIL

We cannot have different rules in India for different communities.  We recollect the incident where Simranjit Singh Mann wanted to enter parliament with his sword.   If so Coorgis can carry guns into parliament.    

If so if we can convert to an Australian aborginee community and can welcome each other by shaking their pricks instead of hands.   Or we can convert ourselves to Eskimos and do wife swapping merrily.  Or we convert to some Bantu tribe and carry bows and arrows into airplanes.

Finally is this not what Dharmendra and Hema Malini has done?

How valid is Dharmendra’s seat in Lok Sabha and Hema Malini’s seat in Rajya Sabha when their entry forms itself are a big lie.  Why have we allowed false hood and chicanery to penetrate the Indian Parliament.

How valid is Hema Malini’s daughter’s marriage ?

How many of you can feel the mental agony of Prakash Kaur?

Check out their case.

Hema Malini fell in love with her co-star Dharmendra during the filming of Sholay.  She eventually kicked his wife Prakash Kaur on her head and married him.  Prakash Kaur did NOT divorce her husband Dharmendra.   



Before Dharmendra and Hema Malinin  married, they both converted to Islam, though the conversion was for convenience only for Hindus are not allowed second marriage. Their marriage was solemnised on 21 August 1979 in Bombay in accordance with Islamic rites.

While filing his nomination papers as a BJP candidate before the returning officer, Dharmendra had written his name as Deol Dharmendra Kewal Krishn concealing his Muslim name Dilawar Khan and wrote the name of his first wife Prakash Kaur in the respective column.  

When his political rivals brought the issue to the notice of election authorities and the general public, Dharmendra lied through his teeth and denied his conversion to Islam and change of name.  

Lies in the affidavit submitted on oath to the returning officer -- is this what is expected out of an MP? BJP must sack Dharmendra and deny him a party ticket.   Sections 420 (cheating), infringement of the Hindu Marriage Act and Islamic Shariat law must be applied on both Dharmendra and Hema Malini and their properties must NOT pass on to their children..  

Hema Malini too has concealed her name vide her  marital status in her Rajya Sabha form.  Both of them have taken refuge in the political spectrum—it is NOT that both are so found of the fish market known as the Indian Parliament  .

The magazine Outlook published a photocopy of his Nikahnama (marriage document) which clearly said that Dilawar Khan Kewal Krishn (44 years) accepted Aisha Bi R. Chakravarty (29 years) as his wife on 21 August 1979 at a mehr of, Rs 111,000 in the presence of two legal witnesses…’ The nikah was solemnised by Maulana Qazi Abu Talha Misbahi Faizabadi. .  



Both the nikahnama and the affidavit before the returning officer state his address as Plot number 22, Road Number 11 J.V.P.D. Scheme, Juhu, Mumbai—400049.  The nikahnama also carries details of the maulvi and eyewitnesses present on the occasion. A mehr of Rs 1,11,000 too is shown to have been finalised between the two parties as the agreement for the nikah.

In an interview to Outlook , Dharmendra lied again and  categorically denied he had changed his religion. "This allegation is totally incorrect. I am not the kind of man who will change his religion to suit his interests." When asked about the Congress charges, he had asserted: "If there is any truth in this charge, let someone prove it with evidence. If this a lie, let the public decide."

What do you mean let the public decide.  It is the Indian judiciary who will decide if CHAAR SAU BISI  has been done.

Polygamy is illegal in India for Hindus and other religious groups under the Hindu Marriage Act. It remains legal for Muslims under the terms of The Muslim Personal Law (Shariat) Application Act of 1937, as interpreted by the All India Muslim Personal Law Board.

And who are all these Muslim mullahs and stalwarts who interpret the Muslims personal laws.  Are they elected in a fair manner ?   It is because of these hardliners who re-interpret the Hadith as they please, that Islam as a religion is put in bad light.


Why do we have selective Islamic laws?

Koran wants the hand of a Muslim thief to be cut off .  

If we can afford a Muslim TALAQ  privelage why NOT a chopped off hand?  

In future if any Muslim man with 4 wives steals-- let his hands be chopped off.  Why cherry pick Sharia rules selectively for selfish advantage.   



Why are we being selective?


Narendra Modi,  the BJP Prime Ministerial candidate of the BJP started his poll campaign, calling for a Uniform Civil Code.  India has two sets of  Laws, General law and Personal Law.

General law is applicable to all the persons who approach the Courts like the Criminal laws including the Indian Penal Code and procedural laws like the Civil Procedure Code, the Criminal Procedure Code and the Indian Evidence Act.

Personal laws are special laws applicable to the persons in their private family affairs like Marriage, Divorce, Adoption, Inheritance, Wills, Guardianship etc.

The Legislature has not interfered in the personal laws applicable to persons following their religion or the established customs and traditions.


Allah does NOT  distinguish between men and women.   The self proclaimed Islamic clerics are ignorant about what the Koran has to say on the subject of women’s lives.   The unelected Muslim Personal Law Board is not representative of all Muslims, as they have very few educated women in their organization.

Muhammed the prophet introduced reformist Islam and Koran to uplift women. It was NOT his intention to kick Muslim women on their heads.  Koran  promotes gender equality  gave women the right to divorce,  re-marry,  and work.

Muslim women like Shah Bano have NOT argued against the Koran . Rather, they only plead for their rights under Koran.  Shah Bano was an old Indian Muslim lady then in her seventies,  now deceased, whose affluent lawyer husband famously deserted her for a younger attractive woman and then sought to rely on traditional Muslim law  to refuse any further responsibility for her welfare.

Shah Bano was kicked out by her husband after 4 decades of  marriage and several children. He claimed that giving his old former wife the stipulated iddat money and the dower  (haq mahr), together just a few hundred Indian Rupees, fulfilled his legal obligations  towards her, relying on traditional Muslim law to exempt himself from any further  liability.  

Well before the Shah Bano case, however, the increasingly activist Indian Supreme Court had already established in a 1979 case that a Muslim ex-husband would only be exempt from further payments to his ex-wife if the payments were  sufficient for her “to keep body and soul together”. 

What does our Constitution say about Uniform Civil Code? In article 44, our constitution clearly specifies this: "The State shall endeavor to secure the citizen a uniform civil code through out the territory of India".


However, in response to this, there exist-

Article 14 which guarantees the Fundamental Right of equality before law.

Article 15 which prohibits discrimination against any citizen on grounds only of religion, race, caste, sex or place of birth .

Articles 25-29 providing religious and cultural freedom... 

Article 13 of the Constitution says that all laws in force in India at the time of the commencement of the constitution, if repugnant to any of the fundamental rights, have to cease to apply in any manner whatsoever.

Article 372 at the same time requires that "all the laws in force in the territory of India immediately before the commencement of this constitution shall continue in force therein until altered or repealed or amended by a competent legislature or other competent authority."


Article 15  requires non-discrimination based on "sex". It goes against the Indian constitution when Muslim Personal Law favours the man in cases of divorce and  polygamy. Equality before the law would essentially mean that Muslim women could take up to four husbands.

BR Ambedkar while making the constitution had an axe to grind with Hinduism.

Who was BR Ambedkar?

Punch into Google search-

CNN-IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI VADAKAYIL

Muslims who are NOT a majority in other countries accept uniform civil laws where they do not consider this as a personal defeat whereas in India it is.  This is the result of the vulgar secularism. In India secularism is all about vote bank politics.  Indian Muslims vote for Muslims candidates —in general.  

Is it secular to have different laws for different religion or it is secular to have a uniform law, where all are equal ?

A uniform civil code administers the same set of secular civil laws to govern all people irrespective of their religion, caste and tribe. This supersedes the right of citizens to be governed under different personal laws based on their religion or caste or tribe.

Such codes are in place in most modern nations,and in India only in Goa.

This was a sham by the Portuguese,  who tried to historically delete their immoral and sadistic Goan Inquisition .

Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL


Hindus, Sikhs, Jains and Buddhists come under Hindu law, whereas Muslims and Christians have their own laws.  Muslim law is based on the Sharia.

The Indian Mullahs try to cling on to power. Once an UCC comes into force, nobody will care for them. Even in Pakistan the 1961 Muslim Family Law Ordinance of Pakistan "makes it obligatory for a man who desires to take a second wife to obtain a written permission from a government appointed Arbitration Council" –  superceeding the Shariat Act of 1937.   

It is a shame that India has yet to learn from Pakistan , how to protect Muslim women.

You will find moth eaten faces like Shabana Azmi waiting in ambush like a spider,  to hog the limelight.  Are we to assume that  she does NOT understand all this?

Where more than 80% of citizens have already been brought under codified personal law, there is no justification whatsoever to keep the remaining 20% in abeyance just for vote banks.

Now let us apply our collective commonsense to find out which article of the constitution must take preponderence..   No intelligence or literacy is required here.  

This is like the “Order of Operations – BODMAS”

But, when you see something like...



1 + 5 x 6 - 3 + (4 - 2)

... what part should you calculate first?

Calculate them in the wrong order, and you will get a wrong answer !

This is where BODMAS kicks in !

B- Brackets first
O- Orders (ie Powers and Square Roots, etc.)
DM- Division and Multiplication (left-to-right)
AS- Addition and Subtraction (left-to-right)



“Secular India” must not interfere in the religious matters of various communities.  However, a reverse point can be made as well i.e. why should a secular India give such sweeping exemptions based on religion?

Principle of secularism means that state will not discriminate against individuals on the basis of their religious beliefs or lack of it.   But by instituting religion based personal laws state is doing precisely that!

Is there NO intelligence in our law makers or judiciary? Is there NO intelligent “think tank”?

Can we made a BODMAS to kick in UCC.



Article 44 is based on the concept that there is no necessary connection between religion and personal law in a civilised society.

We must honour Article 44 of the Constitution which states "the State shall endeavour to secure for the citizens a uniform civil code throughout the territory of India".   The Constitution was made in 1950, and 64 years had passed since it was promulgated, but Article 44 had been totally ignored by vested politicians—eager to appease Muslims for vote bank politics . We must have one common criminal law in india.  

Article 25 guarantees religious freedom whereas Article 44 seeks to divest religion from social relations and personal law.

Marriage, succession and like matters of a secular character cannot be brought within the guarantee enshrined under Articles 25, 26 and 27.


Punch into google search-

PERCEPTION AND RELATIVITY VADAKAYIL

And read about 3 friends,  3 beers and the missing dollar.

To be frank our constitution makers have nothing to be proud of.   They just did NOT have the perception to imagine a fu#kin'  BODMAS.

We all know the great tamasha of the Sania Mirza marriage,  where her Muslim Pakistani cricketer husband married his first Indian Muslim wife on---  “hold your breath” -- telephone!!   



Everybody knows that Shoaib Malik left his first wife Ayesha Siddiqui  just because she became fat. 

Like the mullahs seem to be trying to convey, UCC  does not insist people from one religion to start practicing rituals of other religions.  All it says is, with changing living styles along with the time, there should be a uniform civil code irrespective of all religions as far as social ethics are concerned.

Hindus have accepted changes in their personal  laws with grace.  Child marriages were banned, Sati was banned, widow re-marriage was encouraged, divorce was introduced, inheritance laws were amended and Hindus accepted all these changes. They never complained of hurting their religious sentiments like the Muslims. 

Muslims in other countries , where they are in minority accept uniform civil laws where they do not consider this as a great defeat whereas in India it is.  This is the result of the vulgar vote bank politics. 

During independence in 1947, all hardcore Indian Muslims were given the free option of going to Pakistan.  It is NOT that they were never given a choice.  These people who decided to stay back in India and now crying hoarse about UCC as an attempt  to destroy “Muslim Identity”.  

The vast majority of Muslims led by the Jumiat al-Ulama and other orthodox Muslim groups have fought tooth and nail against any change to the Personal Law, and this includes educated Indian Muslims too. 

All this is despite Muslims being pampered and allowed to go on Haj pilgrimage with government subsidy with taxes paid by majority Hindus. The Muslim Madrassas which breed terrorists too are being subsidized by taxed paid by Hindu majority. We do know of the inflow of Saudi Wahabi funds too for desh drohi activities.

That “Secular India” must not interfere in the religious matters of various communities is pure nonsense.  Secular India must NOT give such sweeping exemptions based on religion, when a Muslim man can marry four times , while men of other religions will be thrown into jail .

A uniform civil code doesn’t mean it will limit the freedom of people to follow their religion, it just means that every person will be treated the same.  This is the meaning of secularism, NOT majority bashing or proving that majority is always wrong. .  

All the laws related to marriage, inheritance, family, land etc. should be equal for all Indians.  This is the only way to ensure that all Indians are treated same.

The biggest benefit is that India will be rid of vote bank politics.  Not having a uniform civil code is detrimental to true democracy and that has to change.   

UCC will cut the strength from under the feet of the power drunk mullahs.  Power is also an intoxicant.  Islam prohibits intoxication. UCC is NOT about Muslim bashing.  

This change for the better , especially for the Muslim women ( which is 50% of the Muslim population ) must come from within the educated sections Muslim community itself. 



Even Islam allows a Muslim who is hungry for three days to taken forbidden food.

Divorce should not be a hasty decision and an impulsive or ego laden  act.  Sufficient time is given to both parties to consider reconciliation before they finally decide to part.

The Koran has been very fair in this regard.  Koran  introduces several time capsule stages for final separation, so that the married couple may reconsider their position before jumping off the deep end.

Islamic divorce is to be pronounced thrice after each menstrual period called “Tuhrs”.  Repudiation must not take place during menstruation.  This provides enough time for relatives to come from far off places , to intervene, counsel and protect the interests of the helpless wife and children.  In most of the Muslim countries divorce has been made a judicial act.  

When divorce is initiated by the wife and the husband consents to it, divorce is known as ‘Khula’. In several Muslim countries, new laws have been framed to enforce this con­cession given to women. But in India Khula has no legal sanction.

Islam does NOT permit polygamy unconditionally.  It is allowed only when it helps the new woman and it is more to help orphan girls and helpless widows.

Sameer Ali in his “Spirit of Is­lam”, says, “You may marry two, three, or four wives, but not more”. The subsequent lines declare, “but if you cannot deal equitably and justly with all, you shall marry only one, (IV: 3).

India is still one one of the only countries where Muslim women are rarely allowed to pray in mosques. . 
Marriages are not required to be registered, and sometimes made without women’s consent. 

Muslim women’s groups have argued that since personal laws are uncodified, customary practices have superseded the laws of the holy Koran.

It is high time, the issue receives the serious consideration of our Ulema, and if they fail to see reason they must be told to LUMP the UCC, with or without a pinch of salt.  

In the olden days, yes these mullahs were known to be Koran experts.   Today anybody educated woman can download the Koran on the internet and be an expert in one month flat—more so when women are NOT allowed to participate in the Islamic decision-making process affecting their lives and souls.

Muslim women must  demand  equality as enshrined in the Koran .

India is not an Islamic country and in fact,  has a secular code for criminal law.  If the Muslim community has accepted a non-sharia code in one sphere, then logically, it should be amenable to such a code in other spheres as well.   

For a country to progress  law be divorced from religion.  Only then India will emerge as a much more cohesive and integrated nation.

The mullahs will never support the Muslim woman , as they stand to lose their falthu power. Muslim society became gradually feudalised and women acquired a subjugated status only because of these selfish mullahs.



Can you imagine the mullahs have been saying this –

Bernard Shaw has said ( sic !)  “the laws of marriage and divorce given by Islam are most suitable for our times.”

TEE HEEEE !

Bernard Shaw never said that!!

George Bernard Shaw was a Rothschild stooge who praised the Red Communist Bolsheviks and Jew Stalin.  No wonder he got the Nobel prize and was planted as a founder of the London School of Economics.  He went all the way to Moscow to meet Stalin in 1931.

Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
POMEGRANATE , THE DIVINE FRUIT – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
 VEDIC IDOLS HOLDING POMEGRANATE   ,  CHARAKA ,   AYURVEDA ,  ANTI OXIDANTS  AND  TANNIC ACID  IN POMEGRANATE RIND  ,  MATALAM — CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.



Our vedic dieties like Lord Ganesha, Kubera, Bhudevi ( mother of Sita ) hold it when in the multi armed format.



Above: Gold of wealth and prosperity Kubera .

Why pomegranate?

Because it is given the status of a DIVINE FRUIT in Ayurveda and the Vedas.



Above : Lord Ganesha, the son of Lord Shiva  is also known as the Bijapuraphalasakta, the one fond of the many-seeded pomegranate fruit.

Divine fruit , because it follows the Fibonaccis series and the Golden mean.

Fibonacci is an Italian thief who stole Indian knowledge and patented it in his name.

Punch into Google search-
PERFECT SIX PACK VADAKAYIL

The golden mean ratio of 1.618 was known to Indians in hoary antiquity.

Punch into Google search-
THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL

Modern science has NOT yet woken up to the benefits of pomegranate , which is written in our Sanskrit texts in 5000 BC.

Ayurveda used pomegranate to prevent as well as cure.

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

Pomegranate spread from India outwards.  In 7000 BC Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam.

Since this fruit requires dry soil, the main source of pomegranate in ancient times used to be Afghanistan, which was part of India.  Pomegranates are drought-tolerant. In wet  areas, they can be prone to root decay from fungal diseases. They are tolerant to cold temperatures as low as -13 deg C.

Queen Gandhari of Mahabharata 4000 BC, was born in Kandahar, which is today an Islamic bastion.

The flowers, leaves, bark, peel and the seeds of pomegranate are all edible and have potent medicinal qualities.  

The Vedas of 5000 BC , considers pomegranate is as a symbol of fertility and prosperity.  Pomegranate along with coconut is an auspicious item in Indian Hindu weddings.

Take it from Capt Ajit Vadakayil that pomegranate was the ‘original forbidden fruit’ in the garden of Eden.   A large, dry pomegranate was found in the tomb of Djehuty, the butler of Queen Hatshepsut in Egypt, and it went from India.   3000 years ago King Solomon designed his coronet based on the pomegranate's "crown"./

Pomegranate is the most powerful anti-oxidant of all fruits which  protects against damaging free radicals.

In Kerala, we still prefer to use the rind of this fruit to cure us of diarrhea, dysentery and intestinal parasites, over modern western medicine.  The peels or rind of pomegranate are astringent and bitter in taste.  Matalam peels or pomegranate peels left to dry in the sun, are a common sight in any Kerala home.

Pomegranate gives good Calcium, Magnesium , Potassium , Zinc , Vitamic C , Phosphorus and dietary fibre.

Punch into Google search-
DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW VADAKAYIL

The health benefits of phosphorous include healthy bone formation, improved digestion, regulated excretion, protein formation, hormonal balance, improved energy extraction, cellular repair, optimized chemical reactions, and proper nutrient utilization.



Let me list out the benefits of consuming pomegranate as per 6000 year old Ayurveda :---

Pomegranate juice is anti-bacterial and anti-microbial , to fight viruses and bacteria .

Boosts the immunity system and has the highest potential among fruits to inhibit the transmission of HIV.  Its high content of anti- oxidants stimulate the white blood cells to neutralize toxins in the body .

Lowers  bad cholesterol (LDL) and raises good cholesterol (HDL) levels.

Lowers  high blood pressure.

Prevents formation of plaque in the arteries.

Prevents heart attacks .  It  keeps the blood from coagulating and forming blood clots. It even acts as a blood thinner allowing for an unrestricted flow of blood through the body.

Prevents prostate cancer.

Prevents kidney problems. It is good for people who are on modern dialysis.

Prevents hormone dependent breast cancer in women by blocking certain enzymes.

Corrective effect on erectile dysfunction due to its powerful anti-oxidant properties. It is a  natural aphrodisiac and improves sperm count and semen quality. ( AAHA pomegranate kidhar hai? Leke aao !)

Strengthens  hair follicles and thus prevents hair fall, and also gives hair a lustrous appearance.

Helps in the regeneration of cells in the epidermal and dermal layers of the skin and thus  hastens the process of healing of wounds.

Pomegranate juice application on oily skin prevents the outbreak of pimples and controls the production of sebum.  It slows down the process of ageing by reducing wrinkles on the face caused by constant exposure to sun.  It regenerates the skin cells and prevent hyper pigmentation.

Pomegranate juice aids in the smooth functioning of the stomach, heart and liver. It is a good appetizer and can control thirst.

It prevents anemia caused by the deficiency of red blood cells in the body as it contains a good amount of iron. Pomegranate seed extract supplies iron to blood and thus, help to decrease the anemic symptoms including fatigue  and hear loss.

Soothes the stomach, and has  a vital role in the secretion of enzymes which aids proper digestion.
Prevents breast cancer in women.

Diabetics can have this juice as it does not elevate the blood sugar level as other fruit juices do.
Reduces dental plaque.

Pomegranate seed extract prevents Alzheimer’s disease .

Prevents PMS depression in women .

Pomegranate juice used as eyedrops prevents the development of cataracts.

Decoction made by boiling pomegranate peels are used  for gargling in case of sore throat and tonsillitis.

Roasted and powdered pomegranate skin can be mixed with  lime juice and applied  for soothing pimples, and for removing  black heads.

Good to prevent nausea and vomiting.

The flower juice, rind and tree bark aid in stopping nose and gum bleeds.

Boiling the tree root will help  kill worms and parasites.

Roast the peel  until it is dark brown and brittle. Crush into powder and mix with a little coconut oil apply over the anus to prevent anal itching .


Water boiled with pomegranate leaves strengthens the receding gums.

Mix the powder above with pepper to prevent dental decay.

Prevents morbid obesity.

Pomegranate juice increases memory power .

It is recommended that the pomegranate be consumed with along its seeds. Punicic acid is an omega-5 long chain polyunsaturated fatty acid found in pomegranate seed which has cancer preventive actions.

HAVE YOU EVER TRIED KISSING A GIRL WHO JUST ATE A POMEGRANATE? 

Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
SESAME SEED , THE SWEAT OF LORD VISHNU - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DIVINE FOOD , AYURVEDA OIL 6000 BC ,  TIL ,  ELLUNDA ,  REWADI , SEED OF IMMORTALITY,  MAKARA SANKRANTI  LAMP OIL,  TILOTHAKAM DURING PINDA DAANAM  TO DEAD ANCESTORS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Both Sesame seed and Darbha ( Kusa ) grass emanated from the body of Lord Vishnu.  For Hindus Sesame seed is hence a divine seed.

As per Garuda Purana , an offering  of Sesame seeds to ancestors (shraddha) prevents negative energies from posing obstacles in the homam rites.



Above : Garuda is the conscious Vimana or vehicle of Lord Vishnu.  It could assume terrifying proportions and could block out the sun.



During Samudra manthan , the fibres flaked off the back of the giant tortoise by Mount Meru got mixed with Amrit drops and was swept ashore , from which Darbha grass grew.  

Every Hindu knows that while doing Shradda for dead ancestors he has to sit of Darbha grass and also put a ring of this grass on his right hand 4th finger on which he pours holy water into the earthen pot holding the cremated bone fragments..



During Samudra Manthan Lord Vishnu’s sweat fell on the ground and this became Til or Sesame seeds.

Sesame seed oil , Coconut oil and ghee of vedic humped cows ( A2 milk ) are the only oils used by 6000 year old Ayurveda.

Sesame seed is mentioned as a seed of immortality in our Vedas written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago.
Sesame seeds first appeared in India , and then it spread over the rest of the world.  Even today India is the largest exporter of Sesame seeds.

Ancient Indian medical texts expound the use of Sesame seeds.

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

Ancient Indian soldiers used to carry a pouch of Sesame seeds as military rations.




During Makara Sankranti all lamps in Hindu houses and temples are lit using sesame oil.

Last week the world's largest restaurant franchise chain, McDonald's made a monumental announcement regarding its hamburger buns to save 14 million USD per year..



Above : On an average there were 180 sesame seeds on a Big Mac .

The fast food giant will soon be eliminating the sesame seeds from its Big Macs and also from all of its other hamburger buns.

They had received compalints from customers reporting sesame seeds getting caught in their teeth and dentures.

TEE HEEE !

These seame seeds was the only good thing in the burger—whose lettuce and veggies were GM and grown using pesticides on chemical fertilizer laden fields.  The cheese slice inside is made of toxic A1 humpless cow milk.  The beef inside is hormone and enzyme injected meat.


Sesame seed has  very high oil content.  The crop survives drought as well as presence of excess water and requires very little care.

Nutritional value per 100 g
Energy        2,372 kJ (567 kcal)
Protein       16.96 g
Calcium      131 mg (13%)
Iron            7.78 mg (60%)
Magnesium      346 mg (97%)
Phosphorus      774 mg (111%)
Potassium        406 mg (9%)
Sodium            39 mg (3%)
Zinc           7.16 mg (75%)

Vegetarians must note the high amount of protein in Sesame seed.  

As far as dynamics of essential minerals like calcium, Magnesium, Sodium and Potassium are concerned -

Punch into google search-

DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW  VADAKAYIL



One cup of natural sesame seeds has 1404  milligrams of calcium good for bone health , while one cup of  whole milk has only 291 milligrams of calcium. 


In addition to promoting healthy skin, zinc has also been shown to boost bone mineral density and bone health as a whole.  There is a correlation between zinc deficiency and osteoporosis in the hip and spine area.  The high amounts of magnesium and zinc present in the seed help in strengthening  blood circulation and neural impulses.

Sesame seeds are a naturally rich source of phytosterols  ( 410 mg per 100 gms ).   They have the  ability to help lower your LDL, or “bad” cholesterol levels.   Normally, cholesterol ,  both from your food and liver is absorbed through the small intestine and circulates into the bloodstream. Phytosterols, however, are minimally absorbed from the small intestine, so they do not enter into the bloodstream and are instead excreted out of the body.  

Sesame seeds contain 18% Selenium which is an antioxidant. Antioxidants protect cells from damage.  Sesame seeds prevent the onset of Prostrate cancer.  Selenium is a trace mineral and a vital nutrient to fight against cancer and heart diseases.  This is important for metabolic functions and proper cell functioning in the spleen, pancreas kidneys, liver, and testes. 

Selenium is also required by the skin for healing burn injuries and other skin conditions. Selenium in the diet can lower heart disease. Selenium can reduce oxidation of cholesterol and clotting of blood. Selenium has the antioxidants useful in sperm formation and thus, it boosts the sperm’s mobility. This increases the sperm’s chances in fertilizing the egg. 

It also reduces birth defects in infants.  Selenium boosts glucose and regulates metabolic processes. Selenium helps to maintain thyroid related hormones. 

Selenium helps to fight free radical cells. It forms antioxidants in the body to fight free radicals which damage cells and lead to aging.  Selenium is considered a natural method to cure and get rid of acne.  

Selenium increases the strength of the immune system. Selenium boosts the efficiency of white blood cells and thus, helps our bodies to remain healthy and virus free. Infections and viruses can cause cold and flu, diarrhoea, sneezing, etc.  

Selenium boosts hair growth and reduces dandruff.  Selenium is included in many anti-dandruff shampoos to fight against dandruff. Selenium can utilize foods that contain protein and boost growth of hair.   Zinc and selenium are advised by doctors for hair loss. This helps in proper functioning of hormones and increased growth of hair. They can be used to treat many hair problems as gray hair, hair loss, dandruff, etc.  

Selenium is an anti-inflammatory agent.  Combining selenium with vitamin E can cure chronic conditions like psoriasis, lupus, rheumatoid arthritis, and eczema.
  
Sesame seeds contain 45% Manganese.  Manganese helps maintain bone density and thus prevent fractures, osteoporosis and spinal bone loss in women after menopause.  It helps to form glucosamine, required for bone cartilage and lubricating fluid in joints and thus joint mobility.

Manganese helps to nourish brain cells and the nerves. It helps transmission of electrical signal in body and thus proper coordination of brain, nerves and muscles. Studies have shown that epilepsy or seizure disorder are associated with low manganese levels in blood and thus can be treated with manganese supplements.  

Manganese participate in production of sex hormones and maintaining reproductive health. It is involved in normal reproductive and function of mammary glands. Reproductive function in manganese deficient patients is characterized  by defective ovulation, ovarian and testicular degeneration, and increased infant mortality.

Manganese is an anti-oxidant and helps remove free radicals from body.  Significant health benefits of manganese have been found for women who suffer from premenstrual syndrome. It reduces cramps, mood swings and other PMS symptoms in women.Manganese is crucial for treating blood sugar and insulin issues.

Manganese improves thyroid function and any deficiency may result in hypothyroidism. Manganese deficiency causes nausea, vomiting, dizziness, skin rash, high blood sugar or bone loss. Prolonged deficiency of manganese may cause retarded growth, digestive disorders, abnormal bone development and deformities, sterility and sexual impotence in men.

The zinc ( 19% ) in sesame seeds promotes bone health and prevents osteoporosis later in life. Zinc is  good for sexual health  and it can help testosterone and sperm production in men.
Sesame seeds contain Tryptophan(38%).  During the processing of protein, the body creates serotonin which helps to regulate appetite and mood.  When the body makes serotonin, some of it is converted to melatonin, which helps to normalize sleep patterns.

Disorders such as deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) are caused by low levels of serotonin in the brain.

Oleic acid is a mono-unsaturated fatty acid present in the sesame seeds. This heart healthy mono-unsaturated fatty acid will lower your LDL, increase HLD or good cholesterol. Therefore, it will support your heart and will also save it from arteriosclerosis and strokes.

Oleic acid is one of the better fats for humans to consume. It can lower total cholesterol levels by raising blood concentrations of high-density lipoproteins while reducing low-density lipoproteins, also known as the “bad” cholesterol.  It has been shown to slow the development of heart disease and also promotes the production of antioxidants, elements that can help trap harmful free radicals in the body.

The acid is often able to penetrate past the outer skin layer, which leads to a much longer-lasting and more intense moisture. While standard lotions and creams may simply sit on the top of the skin, those made with omega-9 fatty acids typically go much deeper.

Most bee and ant species secrete the acid as a pheromone, which is a type of hormone that is detected by smell. When they die, their corpses tend to emit high levels of this pheromone, possibly as a warning to others. If the insect died because of something it ate or some other danger in the area, the acid’s smell will serve as a warning to others to stay away. 

It may also be a signal for colony members to come and collect the corpse, a common practice in species that perform group rituals for fallen members. Probably this is why Sesame seed is included in the Pindam rice balls for dead ancestor rites. The moment you clap your hands the raven crows come in droves.

Oleic acid is an omega nine fatty acid and it has the ability of lowering the blood pressure, decreasing the levels of bad cholesterol in the blood and increasing the levels of good cholesterol in the blood.  The molecules of the oleic acid are larger than most other molecules so they do not bond with them that easily which means that oleic acid may come in very handy when it comes to improving the blood flow and preventing the formation of the plaque in the arteries.  Since it deals with the low density cholesterol in the high density cholesterol it is very good at improving one’s overall quality of health. Oleic acid is also known for its potent antioxidant properties.

Oleic acid is very efficient in strengthening the cell membrane integrity, boosting the power of memory, optimizing the functioning of the brain, improving the functions of the heart, aiding the circulatory system, reducing all symptoms commonly related to arthritis, boosting the energy, aiding the weight loss, relieving the symptoms of asthma, reducing the insulin resistance, moisturizing the skin and strengthening the hair.  It also prevents heart failure,  cancer, angina pectoris, 
atheroscletosis, high blood pressure and stroke.

Sesame seeds contain Thiamin B1 which the muscle tone along the walls of the digestive tract and promotes the health of the nervous system, skin, hair, eyes, mouth, and liver.  It also improves the body’s ability to withstand stress and is often called the “anti-stress” vitamin. 


Some of the early symptoms of Thiamin B1 deficiency includes lethargy, loss of memory, loss of sleep or appetite, indigestion or constipation, and calf muscle tenderness.  If left untreated these initial symptoms might lead to a more severe form of thiamin deficiency, known as Beriberi.  This condition is characterized by nerve, heart, and brain abnormalities.

Vitamin B1 helps in many important bodily functions and its benefits include the following--

Sugar is the principal source of energy in our body where it is oxidized to form a usable form of energy due to the presence of vitamin B1. It is part of a complex enzyme system called the pyruvate dehydrogenase system, which helps in the oxidation of sugar. Vitamin B1 is required for the functioning of this enzyme system, which releases energy for a variety of normal functions in the body.

Vitamin B1 helps in the proper development of myelin sheaths around nerves. A deficiency of Vitamin B1 might result in the degeneration of these coverings, which can result in nerve death and damage.

This vitamin helps in the production of the neurotransmitter acetylcholine, which is used to relay messages between the nerves and muscles and to ensure proper cardiac function. Vitamin B1 deficiency can therefore result in irregular cardiac functions. People suffering from congestive heart failure, when given vitamin B1 intravenously for seven days, showed considerable improvements in their echocardiograms, which proves that vitamin B1 can prevent heart disease.

When used along with other essential nutrients, Vitamin B1 can  prevent the occurrence of cataracts.

Vitamin B1 works as a powerful antioxidant, which helps you protect your body from the signs of aging like wrinkles, age spots, and other age-related conditions that regularly affect the organ systems. This vitamin also helps in the secretion of hydrochloric acid, which is essential for the complete digestion of food particles.

Vitamin B1 is slows down the progression of Alzheimer’s disease. It plays an important role in the production of red blood cells, which in turn keeps people healthy, active, and energized. Vitamin B1 can fend off the deficiencies caused by cirrhosis, infections, hyperthyroidism, and the other effects of alcoholism. This vitamin can also significantly mental alertness.

Sesame seeds control morbid obesity.

Lecithin found in sesame is beneficial for the brain and also for the optic nerves.

Sesamol, a compound found in sesame seeds protects the DNA from radiation damage.

Sesame seeds are rich in fiber, which is known to pave way for a healthy digestive system, a healthy colon, and to prevent constipation.

Magnesium in sesame seeds prevent asthma by and other respiratory disorders by preventing airway spasms.

Copper in sesame seeds reduce pain and swelling associated with arthritis.  Additionally, this mineral helps provide strength to blood vessels, bones, and joints.


Sesame seeds are good for-
Reducing stress
Promoting bone health
Strengthening  hair
Lowering blood pressure and reduces artery plaque
Preventing cancer
Preventing premature ageing
Preventing insomnia in babies where oil is used for massage
Iron deficiency anemia
Promoting healthy skin
Helps prevent headaches and migraines
Preventing diabetes
Lowering bad cholesterol LDL and raising good cholesterol HDL in the blood (highest amount of phytosterols)
Boosting oral health: preventing cavities, removing dental plaque
Detoxifying the body
Anti-fungal
Reduces PMS symptoms  during the luteal phase (the second half) of the menstrual cycle
Reduces depression and anxiety
Intestinal parasites
Lactation disorders
Severity of hangovers after an alcohol session.

It has lot of iron which is recommended for people who have anemia or weakness, black sesame contains more iron than white sesame.  It contains amino acids, essential for the proper functioning of the central nervous system.  

Sesame oil is NOT prone to rancidity. It is stable with long shelf life.   Sesame seed oil is rich in Omega 6 fatty acids

The sesame seeds have folic acid, which is good for pregnant mothers. Folic acid is essential in the proper DNA synthesis in growing foetuses .

It help prevent the bone loss that can occur as a result of rheumatoid arthritis.

Sesame is beneficial for the teeth and strengthens them.  Take a teaspoon of sesame and chew it slowly.

Sesame oil removed  dandruff.  Massage the scalp with sesame oil for 30 minutes and cover the head with a hot towel (soaked in hot water and squeezed).  Repeat this for five minutes.  Dandruff is removed within few days.



In Kerala we have "Ellunda" with evening tea.  It is good for children who wet their beds frequently.
Ingredients needed to prepare Ellunda
1/2 kilo Sesame Seeds / Ellu
200 grams Jaggery
1 tsp cardamom seeds powdered
2 tbsps water




How to prepare Sesame / Ellu  for the Ellunda
Take a thick bottomed fry pan.
Add cleaned sesame seeds and roast them till they start to burst. Remove and keep aside.

How to prepare  Jaggery syrup?
Take a sauce pan, add pieces of jaggery with 2 tbsps of water.
Stir till the jaggery melts and starts boiling.
Once it forms a syrup remove from fire.
The consistency of the syrup should be a soft ball one, that is while the jaggery is boiling, put in a drop or two in a glass of water.
The melted jaggery should shape like a ball when you shape it with your fingers.
This soft ball consistency will be the right one for preparing the sesame balls / Ellunda.

How to prepare Ellunda?
Mix in the Sesame seeds to the boiling jaggery.
Remove the sesame seeds and  jaggery from the flame and let cool.
When it is cool enough to shape it into balls, apply a little ghee on to your palms and then shape them in to round balls.



Add sesame oil and turmeric powder in milk and heat it slightly, apply this paste on the face everyday regularly. This makes the skin smooth and soft and also removes pimples.

In case of arthritis, add ginger juice in sesame oil and boil till ginger juice burns out completely. Sieve the remaining oil and store it in a bottle. Massage the painful area with this oil.

In case of psoriasis and boils on scalp take sesame oil and add neem leaves juice, cook it on low flame.  When the rasa burns out and the oil remains, sieve it and store it.  Apply this oil where you are affected.

Store the dew drops found on the white sesame flowers. Pour two to three drops of these drops in the eye. This cures eye inflammation and itching .

In ayurvedic practices, oil pulling is a daily method of detox . You basically swish your mouth with one table spoon sesame oil ( for 10 minutes ) and allow it to pull out the toxic waste in your body. Oil pulling with sesame oil has many health benefits including:

Releasing bacteria, viruses, fungi, and parasites from the body
Reducing heavy metals in the blood stream
Improving the health of receding gum tissue.
Whitening teeth
Encouraging the blood and lymphatic systems to cleanse by stimulating the production of saliva

Make sure you spit out the oil .  Rinse the mouth with warm water and spit that out too.

A Sesame seed sweet concoction was compulsory for me in my childhood. About twenty herbs went into that, which made it good for the brain.

Upon ripening, sesame fruit pods split, releasing the seeds with a pop.  This is the phrase "Open Sesame" (  iftah ya simsim )    in the historic fable of Ali Baba and the Forty Thieves in One Thousand and One Nights.  The splitting of the pod releases the treasure of sesame seeds.   Simsim was the NE African word for Sesame.

Virgin Coconut oil and cold pressed Sesame oil are used for lymph node Ayurvedic massage.  Hindu families  since time immemorial massage their babies with cold pressed Sesame oil or virgin coconut oil before bath and leave them under sunlight for few minutes allowing the body to absorb vitamin D and nourish the skin cells naturally.  

The oil penetrates into the skin quickly.  There is NO danger from UV rays of sun as Sesame oil provides protection as it has natural sunscreen properties.  Used on baby skin, particularly in the area covered by a diaper, Sesame seed oil will protect the tender skin against rash caused by the acidity of body wastes.

 The presence of vitamin E and zinc in this oil helps in augmenting the elasticity of the skin; repairs damaged skin cells and promote the production of collagen.

Punch into Google search-
YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL

Sesamin and Phytate, in Sesame, is known to inhibit the development of different types of cancer cells, including:
Colon Cancer
Leukemia
Prostate Cancer
Lung Cancer
Multiple Myeloma
Pancreatic Cancer

Certain strong antibiotics used in treatment of several bacterial infections, can cause severe kidney problems, and Sesame seed protects the kidney.

In Ayurveda Nasya or nasal cleansing is done as part of Panchakarma therapy.  Sesame oils infused with medicinal herbs is administered through the nostrils.  This aids in removing the toxins from the body, alleviate stress, sinusitis, allergies and headaches.

Used as a douche mixed with warm water, Sesame oil controls vaginal yeast Infections.

Now, you get the drift why Sesame seed is called the sweat drop of Lord Vishnu?

Grace and peace !

You see plenty of music concerts , right? -- how many in the audience had a smile on their faces OR were in ecstasy ?
********************************************************************
SINDOOR, VERMILION , THE HINDU WOMAN'S MARK OF DHARMA AND GRATITUDE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MARK OF MARITAL COMMITMENT IN SANATANA DHARMA , KUM KUM ,  POTTU ,  TILAK ,  BINDI  -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




We have a “Adivasi beauty” Mala Kishoendajal telling the world in her novel “Dame Blanche” about Sindoor as follows :

QUOTE:  In the Middle Ages Muslims kidnapped Hindu girls and raped them. As a mark of this rape they applied sindoor in the partition of hair of the victims. Somewhere in the 13th century, a clever Brahmin got a bright idea to mislead the Muslims.  From their birth  the sindoor was applied at the partition of the hair of the girls.  This way it was not  possible for the Muslims to find out who was raped and who was not : UNQUOTE

TEE HEEEE !

This pea brained Indian Hindu woman is from Suriname and now settled down in Holland. 

I would suggest that she learns her own tribal  family history first , before she ventures into writing lies about cerebral topics like Hindu culture.

I can help her with her own history.



Mala baby , nay madame , punch into Google search-

THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL

Having read that you must know that 9000 year old figurines dug up at Mehrgarh in Balochistan ( part of India ) have revealed sindoor on hair parting and on forehead.   

Islam is just 1400 years old.

In the west there is a  wedding ring to tell you someone is married.  

In India , Hindu women show a vermilion dot on the forehead and a line on the hair parting above the dot ( see first picture ) to show that they are married and the husband is still alive.  

The sindoor on the parting in the bride's hair is first applied by the bride groom as a part of the wedding ceremony.  After that the bride puts it on her own every day after a bath, till she becomes a widow.

Widows can continue to wear the black bindi ( dot ) but with a white sari.



When the married woman applied the sindoor on her hair parting everyday, she remembers her husband with gratitude .

This mark is a symbol of accountability.  A carefree young girl now is a wife with responsibilities and accountability as per Hindu Dharma.  She is also a daughter in law with duties.

In Hindu culture , unlike the west we do NOT have cuckold husbands who brings home a black guy with a huge dong to service his wife , as a birthday present.  



Hindu women are virgins when they marry, and the whole world is jealous of this.  Our divorce rates are miniscule.  Our marriages are arranged .

Mine was an arranged marriage.

Punch into Google search-
A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS VADAKAYIL

Now we see foreign funded Indian media trying their best to establish that all Indian brides do NOT have their hymen as they have been raped.

TEE HEEEE !

Unlike what the west portrays about a Hindu married woman,  who walks behind her husband, she is a pillar of strength.  The Indian husband may take all the minor decisions , but all major decisions are taken by her.  

The one way I can piss of my own wife is to ask her to take minor decisions.  And there is NO way I can take a major decision without informing her and giving her the power of VETO. The Indian Hindu home is a fountainhead of peace !

The Hindu married woman draws her energy via her applied sindoor on her maang , from the universe - such is the belief and the mindset..  There is a quantum physics explanation for this which I will come to later. 

The sindoor is a potent mark of protection.  Attempting to dishonor the sindoor may cost a man his life in Hindu dharma.   6000 years ago in Mahabharata,  Draupadi the wife of the Pandavas wipes off her sindoor , the moment Yuddhistra wagers her in the game of dice .  



This made it morally easier for Dushshana to drag her into open court and disrobe her . 

The sindoor is a holy mark of honour and it prevents a married Hindu woman from going astray.

Every year we find the foreign funded media and the west going overboard as to how dangerous it is to apply sindoor.  

Well we are NOT idiots.  Not a single Hindu woman has ever died because of her sindoor.

Nowadays we find vested Muslims and Christians “manufacturing “ sindoor with toxic lead and selling it so that Hindu women stop applying sindhoor. 

You even have foreign funded Indian TV discouraging their female anchors from applying sindoor so that they show that they are SECULAR.


By the way-- in India SECULAR means majority Hindu bashing and proving that the majority is always wrong ,in their own country.    Rabidly communal Owaisi , Teesta Setalvad, John Dayal , the waitress , Dr Zakir Naik etc are all secular.   If a Hindu retaliates and gives back as good as he got,  he becomes a terrorist.

So nobody will talk about the Godhra train when on of 27 February 2002, 58 Hindus including 25 women and 15 children were burnt alive – a deliberate event where Muslims were waiting on the platform with jerry cans filled with blue coloured kerosene.. But the retaliation is remembered and harped upon every day. Hindus are expected to be cowards.

Nobody talks about the Ayodhya temple demolition so that Babri Masjd could be built on it by a cruel Islamic invader.   But all remember and harp upon every day , the retaliation when the Babri masjid was brought down.

If the Jews pull down the Kaaba at Mecca and builds a synagogue using the same stones on the same foundation ,  will not the Muslims try and pull the synagogue down later when they are in a position of strength?

All those who want to see the pictures of the foundation of the ancient ram temple of Ayodhya , on which the Babri masjid was built by a despot named Babar, punch into Google search-

THE BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION VADAKAYIL

Modern sindoor mainly uses vermilion, which is an orange-red pigment.  Vermilion is the purified and powdered form of cinnabar, which is the chief form in which mercury sulfide naturally occurs.  As with other compounds of mercury, sindoor is toxic and must be handled carefully.   



Indians are this planet’s first experts with mercury - making even solidified mercury shiva lingams.



Every day when a Hindu woman applies sindoor on her hair parting after a bath, she remembers her husband with gratitude.  It is a mark of devotion , acceptance , maturity and dependency .  In Hindusim marriage is a life long commitment, and there is a sense of belonging.

This is a daily pledge of honour and chastity.  Grateful women have memories stored inside their hearts .  Gratitude is the most beautiful and fragrant flower, in the garden of her soul.  This ritual keeps her mentally healthy and happy. She is less stressed and happier with social relationships .

The area where sindoor is applied is between the eyebrows, called the Ajna Chakra.  This is the point that Sanatan Hindu Dharma consider the entry and exit point of our jivaatma (soul).

I challenge  the world’s greatest hypnotist and let him try to hypnotize a Hindu woman with bindi dot on her forehead.  He can try till the cows come home, he wont be successful.  

This area if called the third eye of Shiva.  Applying the bindi signifies her eternal link with the Supreme being. A Hindu woman firmly believes that this dot protects her from negative tendencies and forces.  

Hindus believe that Goddess Parvati grants "Akhand Soubhagya" (lifelong good fortune) to all the females who wear sindoor in their maang or hair parting. 


Sindoor is the symbol of Goddess Parvati ( Sati , wife of Shiva ) .  She is a role model for every Hindu woman as she sacrificed her life for the honour of her husband.  The Hindu woman believed that when she applies sindoor at the parting of her hair, she  is blessed by Goddess Parvati , who also protects her husband.



And here is an experiment for the Western man. Try making love to your partner after she applies sindoor on the hair parting after a bath.  Feel the difference.  The bright red colour of the sindoor channelizes the passion of married life.  It is NOT about fashion - it is spiritual .  And the original Indian Hindu sindoor has musk and sandalwood.  

Taste and smell are governed by the RED vibration.  It excites joy, passion , dynamism and enthusiasm.   Red is the color with the longest wavelength, being the nearest visible light to infrared in the electromagnetic spectrum.   It is the colour of the sari of Goddess of prosperity Laxmi.

Ajna chakra is the point of confluence where the three main nadis or forces- ida, pingala and sushumna merge into one stream of consciousness and flow up to sahasrara, the crown center.

The ajna chakra is more active in women. Women are more sensitive, psychic and perceptive and they can discern a lecherous eye. 

The ajna chakra has the same frequency as planet Venus. Venus embodies sex, love, beauty, enticement, seduction, and persuasive female charm.

The harmless and de-toxified mercury in the sindoor draws energy vibrations from the universe and gives virtue and power to the woman to run her life  with patience, love, understanding, forgiveness.

 A cell possesses two characteristics—capacitance and inductance—which are the elements of a tuned circuit like a radio. The cell must be tuned to the desired frequency needed to sustain life.  5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements.  

Over 5% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight is Rhodium and Iridium. During heightened activation the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to the atoms.  It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic consciousness.

The vermillion Sindoor , elixirs of alchemists,  activates the pituitary and pineal gland, so that the body and mind of our married women function better.

The hair parting or maang is the spiritual center called Brahmarandhra, an aperture in the crown of head. This astral aperture is very sensitive, and is the gateway to the absolute extending from perineum to the crown .   

This red pigment vermilion, a pure form of mercuric sulfide, is traditionally obtained by reaction of mercury ( produced by reduction from cinnabar ) with sulfur, since the past 9000 years in India.  All in India are aware of how deadly a poison Mercury is.   Sulphur in Sindoor neutralizes the toxicity of mercury.

You may argue , there is no mercury in India, today .  Well Kirghistan , Afghanistan and the whole of Himalayas was a part of India , when we dabbled with mercury to make flying saucer ( Vimana ) mercury ion vortex gyroscopic engines.  


Punch into Google search-

VEDIC VIMANAS, GYROSCOPIC MERCURY VORTEX FLYING SAUCERS VADAKAYIL

When the Egyptian pyramids was made, by the Maharishis from Kerala , the kings chamber granite coffin was full of mercury, which produced a blue plasma plume at the apex of the pyramid, which lit of thousand s of miles around at night , with a healing glow, which kept away locusts etc.

In the holy Kalasha pot , an arrangement of 5 mango leaves is placed so that the bottom of the leaves point upwards.  Red vermillion ( sindhoor ) dots are put on the mango leaves. 



Due to its intrinsic quantum properties it activates sexual drive.  This is the reason why the mango leaf with vermillion dots are representative of fertility.  





Above: Top spire of Taj Mahal --  why should a Muslim mausoleum have a Kalasha as top spire and inset in stone?  




Why should it have hundreds of bricked up rooms and dozens of toilets?  




Why should it have a well , to sink treasures from every level of 7 storeys ?



Nowadays Hindu homes make sindoor at home from turmeric and alum , to be safe from vested manufacturers who try to sabotage Hindusim. The turmeric powder, becomes red when mixed with lime juice or lime powder, moistened in water, or with alum.  Or from a mixture of saffron ground with kusumbha flower.

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland.  Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. 



The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) .  Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.  OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz, the same frequency of planet earth .

Mercury in sindoor creates the resonance which can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Neurotransmitters seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.   When you get very close to orgasm, and the male gets close to ejaculation, the feelings will be overwhelming and the brain tends to shut down and reverse the energy which will then take a downward course and seek release through the genitals.  


When both partners melt with each other, vital energy is exchanged between the masculine and the feminine, and the resonating energy build to higher levels.  During fear, the etheric body shrinks and during love it expands.  All our energy and vitality comes from the etheric body.

During meditation attention is focused on the ajna chakra , the seat of latent wisdom..


The pineal gland is the physical concomitant of ajna chakra and the pituitary gland is of sahasrara.  Just as the pituitary and pineal glands are intimately connected, so are ajna and sahasrara.  We could say that ajna is the gateway to sahasrara chakra.  If ajna is awakened and functioning properly, all the experiences happening in sahasrara can be managed well.  The pituitary gland secretes various hormones which instigates our sexual consciousness and our sensuality.

Sindoor is a reason why divorce in Hindu India is so less.    When a married woman wears sindoor she will NOT do what she is NOT supposed to do.  Like a bishop will NOT wear his divine collar and go to the whore house.

Nagging is less.  One of the main reasons of divorce is nagging—the drip drip, constant nag or it can be the hurricane force nagging. The marriage is now full of negativity, contempt, one-upmanship and resentment. It is a black hole vortex , and once you cross the event horizon, the net result is a miserable divorce—and the uprooted lives of small happy children.  The children more often than not, become misfits and misanthropes.

Forget about all these quantum technicalities. This red cosmetic mark greatly enhance female beauty and grace .   Sindoor is one of the 16 adornments ( solah shringar) for a married Hindu woman as per our scriptures.  

Sindoor ceremony of the wedding is the most eagerly-awaited episode, when the coy bride lifts her gunghat  .



From the day a woman gets married, this vermilion colour becomes a part of a Hindu woman’s entity. The Sindoor represents an Indian woman’s commitment to have a life long unbroken relationship with her chosen husband.  How many western women know the real meaning of commitment?  How many of them are virgins before they marry ?

Like I said before ,  Hindu widows wear white and are NOT allowed to put sindoor.  The wiping off of the sindoor is a very significant and poignant moment for a widow and must not be done knee jerk based on scanty information.   Army widows face this problem till they see the dead cadaver , and by that time the face will be hideous , affecting her future memories of her beloved partner..  

In hoary antiquity blood would substitute for sindoor,  if it was NOT avaialable.   Of course it will NOT smell like Kasturi musk which is the best perfurme on this planet obtained from the stomach pods of the Kasturi musk deer.  

Imagine the divine smell of kasturi musk infused with sandalwood oils in the sindoor.  It is infused with a little natural camphor for cooling.  Kasturi Musk is used in Ayurveda external application medicines.

When a woman dies,  her son will allow holy water infused with sindoor to splash on his right palm (with a darbha grass ring on his 4th finger)  wash over the cremated bones in an earthen pot with a hole at the bottom, while sitting on darbha grass .

Did anybody say that bindi is just a round plastic piece with red felt on one side and glue on the other side – manufactured by an ISO 9002 company ?  



Well thousands of internet posts written by western idiots tell the world , this is what it is !  They all are tripping over each other to save Hindusim.

Our ancient 7000 year old scriptures say: "A forehead without a Tilak,  a woman without a husband,  a Mantra the meaning of which is not known while doing Japa (recitation), the head that does not bend before holy personages, a heart without mercy,  a house without a well,  a village without a temple,  a country without a river,  a society without a leader,  wealth which wont give anything away in charity,  a preceptor without a disciple,  a country without justice,  a king without an able minister,  a woman not obedient to her husband,  a well without water,  a flower without smell,  a soul devoid of holiness,  a field without rains,  an intellect without clearness,  a disciple who does not consider his preceptor as a form of God,  a body devoid of health, a custom (Achar) without purity,  austerity devoid of fellow-feeling,   speech in which truth is not the basis,  a country without good people,  work without wages,  Sannyasa without renunciation,  legs that have not performed pilgrimages,  determination unaided by Viveka or discrimination,  a knife which is blunt,  a cow that does not give milk,  a spear without a point- all these are worthy of condemnation.  They exist for name´s sake only."

Feel like laughing?

Be my guest—

-- for you have NO idea what wisdom is all about.

Wanna know what wisdom is?
********************************************************************
MUSIC AND EARLY BRAIN DEVELOPMENT – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
EARLY DEVELOPMENT OF SPACIAL AND TEMPORAL REASONING SKILLS ,  MUSIC STIMULATION AND BRAIN CIRCUITRY,   DEVELOPING BRAIN SYNAPSES ,  COMMUNICATION BETWEEN CONSCIOUS AND SUBCONSCIOUS BRAIN LOBES , EXCITING THE BRAIN WITH UNESTABLISHED PATTERNS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Above video:  My elder son playing Italian Ludovico Einaudi's , Primavera .




Above video:  My elder son playing Pehla Nasha .


As per Vedanta  we are essentially holographic energy  beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos. . The brain without consciousness is inert and lifeless. Consciousness is a form of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness. All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms.  

Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player-- see video below .



Learning to play a piano requires coordination between hands and with visual or auditory stimuli. Spatial-temporal reasoning skills of the children who took piano lessons are better than the children who took computer lessons.



Nature lays down a complex system of brain circuitry,  but how that circuitry is wired is dependant on external forces which include stimulation..  The quality, quantity and consistency of stimulation will determine how nerve fibres within the brain (synapses) develop and function. This is true for both cognitive ( perception ) and emotional development  ( feelings and appropriate emotional response), and the effect is life-long.



Piano is played wth both hands.  The left side of the brain controls the right side of the body and the right side of the brain controls the left side of the body, the two sides of the brain are forced to communicate when the legs and arms cross over.

Punch into Google search-
DVAU BHUJA KARANAM, THOPPU KARANAM, ITHAM IDUKA VADAKAYIL





Children who learn piano early can do speed reading.

Punch into google search-


SPEED READING VADAKAYIL

Early interactions, how we relate and respond, directly affect how the brain is wired.  Children are particularly in tune with music between the ages of three and ten.



Three day ago the world media was going GA GA about Einstein’s corpus callosum . This is a thick band of nerve fibers that separates the cerebrum into left and right hemispheres.  It connects the left and right sides of the brain, allowing for communication between both hemispheres, including the transmission of motor, sensory, and cognitive information.



Children who practiced music at a young age have more  white matter in the corpus callosum.  The corpus callosum is made up of nerve fibers, and is responsible for serving as a connector between the motor regions in the right side of the brain with those in the left side.



We all have a right brain lobe and a left brain lobe.  For a right hander the left lobe is the Conscious lobe and the right brain lobe the Subconscious brain lobe.

Conscious = induction+ deduction ( determines what is to be done ).

LEFT BRAIN LOBE  ( for right handers )  : Numbers, written language, reasoning, spoken language, scientific skills , RH control

Subconscious = only deduction ( no thinking , draws conclusions, does not care for right or wrong, gives the power to do the job )



RIGHT BRAIN LOBE ( for right handers ): Insight, 3D forms , art, imagination, music, left hand control.



The conscious mind can be engaged 100% in giving bull  or deep thinking or day dreaming while the subconscious keeps the car safely on the road.



Look at the picture of our brain above. It is 83% water . If there is NO water in the brain it cannot function or think. Water can store information about substances that were once in it but that have physically disappeared.  

Latest generation computer robotic research is investigating water's capacity to order and transmit information, as an improvement to silicon. Our brain stores information in the holographic form. Every cell in our body carries all information to produce a copy.  

Water has an unusually large heat capacity, requiring a lot of energy to increase its temperature.  Water absorbs radiation of all wavelengths from the cosmos.  Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water.

The most mysterious and controversial property of water, is its ability to hold and store memory. This is the eason Hindus immerse the cremated bones in water—and now the waitress is trying to stop it with help from atheist communists and Joshua Project two. 

Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments when it travels through various water cycles.  

Water receives cosmic radiation at extreme low frequencies even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began. 

The schumann’s resonance and Hindu king mantra OM is 8.83 hertz. All newly cropped up religions have stolen this by subtly changing it—but it wont work.  Christians use AMEN, Muslims 786, Jews SHALOM, Sikhs OMKAR etc

This memory property underlies the healing capability of homeopathy. A homeopathic solution usually in water is produced via a series of dilutions of a substance, often until effectively no atoms of the original material remain. Only an imprint or memory remains for the cure, and the greater the dilution, the greater the effectiveness. 



The experiments showed that the immune system can be triggered using hundred times dilutions of an aqueous solution of an antibody.. If water has a memory then the water we drink is transferring its memory into our "water body," just like a homeopathic solution does.

All those who give too much credit to Albert Einstein’s brain must read this post.  Albert Einstein was NOT a mathematician. He was just a phycisist.  Einstein used Stayendranath Bose to assist him,  who was both a Mathematician and a phycisist.  

Why did Ashutosh Mukherjee , the Vice Chancellor of Calcutta Univeristy become SIR ?  Well lot of Jews got Nobel prizes by using brilliant work done by Indians in Calcutta University.  Jews MUST get Nobel prizes, right? Are they NOT the chosen people from the promised land? 

Punch into Google search-
DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM VADAKAYIL




Above : Jesus Christ and his wife Mary Magdalene 

These pathetic Jews don’t even know that they migrated from Kerala.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (427 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India. 

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  

Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI 

in India. 

kalaNi?

TEE HEEE !!



Above : King Solomon and Queen Sheba

Like how indentured Indian slave Murli became Moodley in South Africa.

There aint NO Moodley in India .

It was NOT kalaNi— it was kalaRi— for Kerala was the land of KalaRi.

He has written that Kalani was famous for their sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  



Above : King David and BathSheba

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.

Getting back-

The conscious and subconscious minds are connected through a filter. So we cant read the contents of our subconscious mind.  Practicing piano before the age of seven boosts the normal maturation of connections between motor and sensory regions of the brain, creating a foundation upon which ongoing training can build.  



Child musicians show enhanced white matter in the corpus callosum. The younger a musician started, the greater the connectivity.

Subconscious mind never sleeps even in a coma   Every experience we have ever had is impressed somewhere in the electrochemical cells in our brain. The brain records everything—everything thrown up by our 5 senses— and it is imprinted in the brain cells for ever.

Whenever something reactivates those cells we get a mental picture duplicating the original experience.  Subconscious mind has a memory of more than 100 trillion images, all our experiences, emotions and feelings are stored as an image or a sound in a digitised or rather a holographic manner .

Data that cannot be recalled are retained in the subconscious. A person may be unconscious of ever having been locked in a closet as a child, yet under hypnosis he may recall the experience vividly.  Negative suggestions with growing children gets rooted in their subconscious mind and is reflected later in their behavior.

During hypnosis –our conscious mind goes into a trance and suggestions are given directly to the subconscious mind, which cannot argue but accepts the suggestion at its face value. We do self hypnosis unknowingly several times a day while doing our day to day activities. This is how our body learns to relax otherwise we would die of stress at a very early age.



The younger you start  piano lessons, the stronger the connections in your brain.  It  produces long-lasting changes in motor abilities and brain structure,  and creates new pathways in the brain.

Many of the assertions of neuroscience are deductions made from scientific medical experiments on animals who are NOT conscious.  

Only rank stupid people do this.  

Only conscious creatures can see themselves in a mirror like man, elephant, dolphins and certain apes .  Try showing your cat or dog a mirror.

By the time a child is three years old, 90% of their brain has been developed .  Majority of the parents do NOT know that the greatest amount of brain development occurs in the first 3 years of a child’s life.

At birth, babies have approximately the same number of neurons as an adult but  approximately 10 times fewer connections (synapses).  Brain development related  to experience involves the growth of axons (transmitters),  dendrites (receptors) and  synapses connecting neurons and neural networks.  

The making of the synapses is called  synaptogenesis.  This occurs in different parts of the brain at different times, happening  rapidly in the first years of life until a child has more synapses than they can use. 



If the child is healthy , with environmental experience,  from birth to the age of three the number of neural  connections multiplies by 20.   In the past, it was commonly thought that intelligence was 80% genetic and 20% environmental.  Today we know that the reverse is true . It is now thought to be 20% genetic and 80% environmental with genes and experience being interdependent.  

This is why a child in a desert is lesser brain developed than an Indian child brought up in a jungle with variety of flora and fauna.   An infant’s brain is not fully developed at birth, and he needs sensory input for the cells to build and connect.

The brain develops and organises its function in direct response to the pattern, intensity and nature of sensory and perceptual experiences.

The child’s brain is specially primed for learning . Axons and dendrites are plentiful, creating a synaptic network  that can capture many new experiences.  Brain metabolism, as measured by blood sugar consumption, remains high.  So does a healthy child’s energy.

While it is possible to learn new skills at any age, it is easiest to learn between the ages of 3 and 8.  One dramatic example is language: children sometimes seem like sponges soaking up new words, both in the family’s primary language and in others they regularly hear.   

It  is easier for people to learn second languages before the age of 8 than after.   Do you as an intelligent adult wish to take on a child of 8 in learning a foreign language ?

The brain plays closer attention to things that don't fit an established pattern, things that are new and different.  The brain reacts to routine mundane stimulus by lowering levels of stimulation. That is why mothers singing the same boring lullaby day after day, will quickly lull their infants to sleep.

Since piano  music is more complex in structure, instrumentation and harmony, it primes the brain with pathways needed for other cognitive tasks.   Musical training during early childhood helps create brain changes that can last for a person’s whole life.



It is the brain and central nervous system that hears. The inner ear cochlea is filled with liquid. Microscopic hairs called cilia project out into this liquid and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated.  Neurons are brain cells, and you have billions of them in your head and spinal cord. 

Neurons “talk” to one another electrically through specialized connections called synapses.  The axon is the part of the neuron that carries electrical impulses away from the cell body.  At the end of the axon, there are specialized endings where the electrical signal gets transferred onto the dendrites of another neuron.  These are the synapses.  

In most neurons, the axon is wrapped up in an electrical insulator made of a substance called myelin.  Electrical impulses travel faster down axons that are insulated, and so the presence and amount of myelin on an axon alters the neuron's ability to transmit electrical signals. 

Almost everything that happens in our brains comes down to circuits of neurons transmitting electrical signals.  Basically a mechanical signal is converted  to an electrical signal A sound wave is a longitudinal wave-- a series of compressions and rarefactions .The wonder of the cilia hairs is that it can perceive 1500 levels of pitch. The number of discriminable tones in in the hundreds of thousands.  

Below: Cilia 


Are you not able to recognise the voice of a long lost friend?   Amazing , right? The audo frequency range encompasses 9 octaves.

So when we learn something new, or get better at doing something, what happens in our brains is that the neuronal circuits responsible for that fact or skill become stronger, better able to communicate with one another.

When we learn at school and college and finally forget everything, you are educated. It is NOT about remembering . It is about making neural pathways in the brain – or for a layman digging new tunnels . 

This is where our Indian education system is found wanting. Education system in school should be all about digging new tunnels or connecting more circuits in the brain. 

It is NOT about knowing that the capital of India is New Delhi and getting 100% marks for that.

Learning piano at a young age , helps in many ways. The synapses become stronger and so transmit the signals more reliably.  New synapses form, so the neurons are more strongly connected.  

Myelin growth leads to faster transmission of the electrical signals down the axon, and better timing of neuronal signals.  Neurons that fire together wire together. When neurons fire at the same time, the connections between the neurons get stronger.



Myelin is an dielectric or electrically insulating layer or sheath that forms around nerves, including those in the brain and spinal cord.



The myelin sheath,  grows around the axon of a neuron.  It is essential for the proper functioning of the nervous system.  It is an outgrowth of a type of glial cell. The production of the myelin sheath is called myelination.



The purpose of the myelin sheath is to allow impulses to transmit quickly and efficiently along the nerve cells. If myelin is damaged, the impulses slow down.

The process of myelination, which begins before birth , in the 14th week of fetal development continues throughout childhood.   As said Myelin not only protects the growing nerves, it helps them communicate better.  

The brain undertakes this task in stages.  Those neural networks involved in early life skills (such as sucking and swallowing) are myelinated during pregnancy.  The prefrontal cortex, the part of the brain involved in higher forms of learning,  is  NOT completely myelinated until the child is 10.
As your child starts to talk, he or she activates several areas of the brain in rapid succession.



The neural networks that are used grow stronger . Those that are not used wither away,  just as unused brain cells started dying in the last weeks before birth.  This process is known as pruning. It is similar to the way a tree is pruned of deadwood . This pruning of excess brain cells and connections truly sculpts a person’s brain.  

At birth, the number of synapses per neuron is 2,500, but by age two , it’s about 15,000 per neuron. The brain eliminates connections that are seldom or never used..

Growth and pruning continue throughout our lives, but the relative balance of the processes changes.  Until your baby is 3, growth far outpaces pruning. From then until the age of 10, the formation of new connections is balanced by the elimination of unused ones.  

When your child reaches puberty, the balance finally shifts and the pruning of connections exceeds the formation of new ones.  This is why schooling is important.  You cannot sit content stating that I will attend school after the age of 20. 



Sometimes certain experiences are even necessary to “turn on” genes and unlock their natural coding.  This interplay is lifelong.  Even the brain of an adult can continue to rewire itself and make connections after exposure to new situations.  The result of all this is that the brain is custom-designed to function in its owner’s environment.   

Thus our human brain differs from our heart, lungs, and other organs,  which follow a standard and predictable developmental process.



The neurons for vision begin sending messages back and forth rapidly at 2 to 4 months of age, peaking in intensity at 8 months. The babies begin to take notice of the world during this period.  If a baby is NOT allowed to see, or hear his brain will be stunted as an adult. 

At birth, the human brain is in a remarkably unfinished state.  Most of its 100 billion neurons are not yet connected in networks.  Forming and reinforcing these connections are the key tasks of early brain development. Connections among neurons are formed as the growing child experiences the environment and uses and receives feedback from all 5 senses .

An infant’s repeated exposure to words clearly helps his brain build the neural connections that will enable him to learn more words later on.

Playing a piano with both hands is not about skill alone but about using both brain lobes and brain communication.  It  improves the brain’s ability to discern the components of sound — the pitch, tone and frequency.



Sound waves are transformed into nerve impulses, to the temporal lobe of the cerebral cortex which is dedicated to sound. The audio range is 20 hz to 20 K Hz.  1 hertz is one cycle per second Cilia waves 20000 times per sec at 20 Khz frequency.

Because of the widespread multi sensory integration in the human brain, learning occurs when diverse brain capacities in many parts of a brain circuit are strengthened through neuroplasticity. In fact, this may be the only way we learn.

Neurons actively alter their neurotransmitters with changing circumstances.

Young infants must be kept happy. When they are faced with physical or emotional stress or trauma, the hormone cortisol is released when the brain sends a signal from the hypothalamus to the adrenal cortex, which is a gland above the kidney.  

High levels of cortisol can cause brain cells to die and reduces the connections between the cells in certain areas of the brain, harming the vital brain circuits.

From birth till the age of 8 , a child’s brain forms trillions of connections or synapses.  Axons connect to dendrites, and chemicals called neurotransmitters help send impulses across the resulting synapses. 

Each individual neuron may be connected to as many as 15,000 other neurons, forming a network of neural pathways that is immensely complex.  This elaborate network is sometimes referred to as the brain’s “wiring” or “circuitry.”  

As the neurons mature, more and more synapses are made.  At birth, the number of synapses per neuron is 2,500, but by the age of three,  it’s about 16,000 synapses per neuron. The neural network expands exponentially.  

If they are not used often , they are eliminated. Experience plays a crucial role in “wiring” a young child’s brain.  Brain development does not stop after early childhood, but it is the foundation upon which the brain of the future continues developing.



Wanna check out how good your left and right brain lobe co-ordination is?

Sit on a chair and then use your left hand and left leg ( if you are a right hander ) and draw 2 feet diameter anticlockwise circles in air with your forefinger and big toe.

When you have got it all right and your circles are now steady , suddenly reverse the direction of your hand, to clockwise.

Did your anti-clockwise going right foot, continue as before --  or did it jerk and get confused?

If you had started piano at a young age, you will NOT fail in this test.




Brain mapping shows that creativity is housed in the right hemisphere of our brains  for right handers . You can thus stimulate this right brain by playing piano with the left hand. Both left and right brain lobes are activated when we use our non-dominant hand. 

So from tomorrow morning onwards tell your child to brush his teeth with his non-dominant hand, or the hand which he does NOT use for writing .



The baby’s brain at birth is equivalent to a circuit board in a radio, ready to be plugged in and played .

At birth, the baby’s brain is already one fourth the weight of an adult’s, even though his whole body weighs less than a tenth of an adult’s. This is the marvelous result of the prenatal development, when billions of neurons form, axons grow, and synapses start to connect the neurons.

The brain adds comparatively few cells after birth.  Instead, the existing neurons grow larger and more powerful, sprouting axons and dendrites and connecting with neighbors.

 In the first year, the baby’s brain triples in weight.  By the end of the second, the baby’s s brain weighs three quarters that of an adult’s.  The brain’s activity increases with its weight.  The metabolism of a baby’s brain, as measured by how much blood sugar it uses, builds steadily from birth until the age of 3.

As your child starts to talk, he activates several areas of the brain in rapid succession.. . The reason why you cannot recall memories before the age of 3 is because the parts of the brain necessary for recalling such memories are not “wired” then. The synaptic connections that link the hippocampus to the cerebral cortex have not yet been made. These connections become circuits as the child enters preschool LKG.   

Learning does not progress in a strict linear sequence like climbing stairs but instead flourishes as a result of growth cycles in which a child acquires preliminary skills and then uses them to build new capacities based on a foundation built.



Synaptic growth is most  significant during the baby’s first few years of life—when he  is taking in all sorts of new sensory inputs and acquiring new experiences and skills. By the time your child turns 3, each neuron has formed as many as 10,000 connections, making a total of about a quadrillion (1,000,000,000,000,000) throughout the brain.  This is double the number of connections in your own adult brain.   

Synapse formation slows after the toddler years,  but continues throughout childhood and into adolescence, finally reaching adult levels when your child is around 16 years old.  Even the brain of an adult can continue to rewire itself and make connections after exposure to new situations.


Musical fingering ability opens up about age 4.




The CNS has two kinds of tissue: grey matter and white matter, Grey matter, which has a pinkish-grey color in the living brain, contains the cell bodies, dendrites and axon terminals of neurons, so it is where all synapses are.  

White matter is made of axons connecting different parts of grey matter to each other. Many of these nerve fibers (axons) are surrounded by a type of fat called myelin. The myelin gives the white matter it's color. Myelin acts as an insulator. It plays an important role in the speed of nerve signaling as I have said before .

Neurons constitue about half the volume of the CNS and glial cells make up the rest.  Glial cells provide support and protection for neurons.  They are thus known as the "supporting cells" of the nervous system. 

The four main functions of glial cells are: to surround neurons and hold them in place, to supply nutrients and oxygen to neurons, to insulate one neuron from another, and to destroy and remove the carcasses of dead neurons (clean up).

The brain’s ability to adapt in response to environmental stimuli, throughout life, is termed plasticity. The first five years matter and last a lifetime.  The brain develops through use.

The musicians who began playing an instrument before age 7 demonstrate more accurate timing and their brains also indicated more enhanced white matter in the corpus callosum..



The corpus callosum  is the largest connective pathway in a human brain.  It is made of more than 200 million nerve fibers that connect the left and right side lobes of the brain.  To coordinate movement or to think about complex information, the hemispheres must communicate with each other. 




The corpus callosum is the main connector that allows that communication..  It is through the neural connections of the corpus callosum that the two hemispheres work together for conscious wholeness.. 

Albert Einstein had a colossal corpus callosum ( sic ) .  

 

The corpus callosum carries electrical signals between the brain’s right lobe and its left .  They think that white matter cleaving Einstein’s  brain from front to back , is part of what made Einstein’s mind so phenomenally creative ( propaganda ). 




Einstein continued to exercise his brain strenuously ( though affected by syphilis ) , like our own Ram Jethmalani ,  forestalling much of the brain atrophy that comes with age.

Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
RAPPING, INDIAN STYLE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



What is RAP music?

It has its roots  in the black slave colonies . The slaves narrated their miserable conditions and frustrations set to drum beats , just for catharsis and stress busting.



This rap music later migrated to the city bronx, where black teen gangsters included curse words, lyrics degrading women and promoting violence n drugs.

Rapping is now spoken lyrics.  It could be prose, poetry, or singing set to music .  The audience enjoys the punch lyrics more than the music .  The lyrics are rapid, slangy, and often tongue in cheek.

Rapping started as the next wave of toasting in the emerging hip-hop scene during the 1970s.

Rapping is not just a boys’ club.  Women started rapping in the 1980s in USA.

Rapping on controversial topics is  today considered a very mainstream music genre theme. 



It wasn’t until 1979, when the Sugarhill Gang released their breakaway hit, ‘Rapper’s Delight, that record producers took notice of this emerging musical genre.

The late 1980s saw the advent of “gangsta rap,” with lyrics that were often misogynistic ,that glamorized violence, drug dealing and whoring around.



Mainstream rap music is now full of vulgar  licentious lyrics, and lewd music videos.  

Unfortunately, music conglomerates believe, perhaps rightfully so, that sex and violence sells in America .

The Notorious B.I.G., Snoop Dogg and Tupac ruled the charts during this time, as did Eminem – one of the most popular white rappers of all time.



In India we have our own style of rap, which is so delightful .

NO-   I do NOT consider that prick Honey Singh who sings choot lund songs as a rapper.  So what if Delhi CM Sheila Dixit loves to jive to his songs !




Song: Tu Mere Agal Bagal Hai
Movie: Phata Poster Nikla Hero
Music: Pritam
Lyrics: Irshad Kamil
Singer: Mika

Aaja pyaar ki ho deal
Deal bole to.. heart heart
Ama yaar sauda sauda

Today let’s have an agreement of love
Deal means..?  heart to heart..
dearie, it means a fair transaction..


Dono deal karein seal
Tight tight very tight..
Aankhon se ho agreement
Chalein us pe permanent
Hasraton ke court mein ye
Dil ka judge kahe.
Order, order..

We shall seal this deal
Tight tight very tight..
Our agreement would be through eyes
And we shall stick to that agreement forever
In the court of desires,
The judge of hearts should say..
Order, Order..

Khali pili khaali peeli rokne ka nai
Tera peechha karun to tokne ka nai

Don't stop me for no reason
If I follow you, don't get me bashed up.

Hai tujh pe right mera
Tu hai delight mera
Tera rastaa jo rokun chaunkane ka nai

I have a right on you
You are mE delight
If I block your way, don't be taken aback..

Tere doggy ko mujh pe bhaunkane ka nai
Tera peecha karoon to tokne ka nai

Your dog should not bark at me,
If I follow you, don't get me bitten.

Tu mere agal bagal hai
Main tere agal bagal hoon

You are always close to me,
I am right behind you..

Fokatiyon sa pyaar karungaa
Baaton se hi pet bharungaa
Missed call pe phone tu karnaa
Mar jaaoonga pyaar mein varna

I will love you like a pauper,
I will fill my stomach with your words
If I give you a missed call, kindly call me back
Lest I  die of love.

Mahiwaal ka maama
Farhad ka foofa
Majnu se kam tu sochne ka nai
Sachcha aashiq hoon mujhe thokne ka nai

I am Mahiwaal's maternal uncle,
Farhad's paternal uncle too ..
I'm no less than Majnu
I'm a true lover, don't get me bashed up..
( Majnu and Mahiwal are legendary Indian lovers )

Tere doggy ko mujhpe bhaunkne ka nai
Tu mere agal bagal hai
Main tere agal bagal hoon

Ghar se nikalne ka time tu bataa
taaki rahoon main mod pe khadaa
Rehta hoon main aajkal busy
Wait karnaa hai mushkil badaa

Let me know the time you leave your home daily
So that I can stand for you round the corner
These days I'm a wee bit busy
see waiting for you is so difficult for me.

Main road Romeo, Dil jod Romeo
Raste mein mujh ko chhodne ka nai
Chahe dil tod sar fodne ka nai

I'm a road Romeo, one who collects hearts,
Don't leave me in the lurch or desert me.
If you want, you can break my heart but please don't break my head.

Tere doggy ko mujhpe bhaukne ka nahi
Tu mere..

********************************************************************
AVRAM NOAM CHOMSKY, THE KARL MARX OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DOUBLE AGENT NOAM CHOMSKY , THE MAN WHO NEVER UTTERS THE R WORD , THE MOSES OF NWO ,  THE MAN WHO RUNS WITH THE HARES AND HUNT WITH THE HOUNDS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

To be frank it is against my dignity to write about this man Noam Chomsky, who runs with the hares and hunts with the hounds .




But then one of my readers asked my opinion about this man, and my comments would NOT fit into the small comments window— so here we go!  

On second thoughts,  I must expose this low flying messiah, who also has a private agenda of engraving his name on the rock of world history.. 

Sorry Noam buddy,  this post will erode this rock much before you kick the bucket.



So-

Here is a well aimed kick on the bal#s of double agent Noam Chomsky , the premier dissident intellectual , the fearless purveyor of truth battling against media propaganda ,  murderous U.S. foreign policy,  and the crimes of profit-hungry transnational corporations— 

-- the man whose final solution is always a NEW WORLD ORDER in which the Zionist bankers shall sit on the driver’s seat.

We Indians have already suffered under a Rothschild created messiah by the name of Gandhi—who recruited Indians for both world wars just to carve out the state of Israel.   Gandhi was brainwashed and imported to India from South Africa using a Chitpavan Jew Gopal Krishna Gokhale.

111000 Indian soldiers died in WW1 and 243000 Indian soldiers died in WW2, as Gandhi convinces us non-violence or ahimsa is killing Germans and NOT the British who enslaved us and were robbing us blind .  Our dead are counted among the mules and donkeys –and there is NO memorial for the dead Indian soldier. 

The naive white Christian John Bull and Hilly Billy Yank does NOT even know today that a German Jew Rothschild fired over Jew Winston Churchill’s shoulders, (whose mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild) using Jew Stalin,  Jew Roosevelt and Jew Gen Eisenhower as side kicks.

Let this planet NOT suffer by a similar low flying messiah by the name of Noam Chomsky.  Such men who suffer from the messiah syndrome, there is always a grandiose sense of self-importance and self entitlement.  

There is this secret fondness to be noticed , this delusional love of being a cult leader .

The messiah sees himself as the  one visionary who can save the world and restore utopia, even if they have to drag everyone else kicking and screaming to get there, because they are the only ones that understand things as they are.  

You see this messianic vocation is such an essential component of the Jew’s consciousness derived from Moses.. 

 "The smart way to keep people passive and obedient is to strictly limit the spectrum of acceptable opinion, but allow very lively debate within that spectrum."  - Noam Chomsky

Noam buddy, you should never have written this down.  This single damning sentence is your undoing.

He is a master of dead-end solutions to keep you within the narrow spectrum and mind baffling extravagant rhetoric.

Jew Avram Noam Chomsky professor of  MIT , was voted as the world's top public intellectual in a tilted playing field poll in 2005.   

Chomsky has received many honorary degrees from universities around the world, including from the following:

University of London
University of Chicago
Loyola University Chicago
Swarthmore College
University of Delhi
Bard College
University of Massachusetts Amherst
University of Pennsylvania
University of St. Andrews
Georgetown University
Amherst College
University of Cambridge
University of Colorado
University of Buenos Aires
McGill University
Rovira i Virgili University
Columbia University
Villanova University
University of Connecticut
University of Maine
Scuola Normale Superiore di Pisa
University of Western Ontario
University of Toronto
Harvard University
University of Chile
University of Bologna
University of La Frontera
University of Calcutta
National University of Colombia
Vrije Universiteit Brussel
Santo Domingo Institute of Technology
Uppsala University
National and Kapodistrian University of Athens
University of Cyprus
Central Connecticut State University
National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM)
Peking University
National Tsing Hua University.

Only our desh drohi economist Amartya Sen (with a Rothschild wife) overtakes him.

In 1967 Chomsky gained public attention for his shrill vocal opposition to U.S. involvement in the Vietnam War, and being arrested on multiple occasions,  all high profile, for his anti-war activism.  

You see, if you and me get arrested for a similar deed , it wont make waves, OK?

It is Rothschild’s patent method to make their sponsored stooges world class heroes first-  like how Winston Churchill escaped in a dare devil manner from the Boers in South Africa . 

Or for the matter how Jew Stalin set Rothschild’s oil refinery on fire and tried to kill the refinery manager,  (only thing his gun got stuck ) on his very first day in front of a huge crowd at Baku..

So Noam Chomsky has secured for himself the title of America’s premier dissident intellectual and a fawning slavish cult who think that he is ZE cat’s whiskers— with some covert support from big brother controlled media .  

Capt Ajit Vadakayil does not care for Chomsky, as he knows the clothes of the emperor.  

Chomsky is a master of HASBARA or disinformation designed to distract and confuse honest activists.  



Above : Can fool Chavez--- cannot fool Vadakayil.

His formula over the years has stayed consistent:  blame "America" and "corporations" while refusing to examine the hidden Globalist overclass ( Rothschild  and his agents  ) which pulls the strings.   

Chomsky offers the solution of world government under the United Nations— a New World Order tailor made for his banking cartel master.

Chomsky baby , let himself down very badly.

He has called the Bilderberg Committee a "nothing organization"  . 

He denied their sinister existence, when even ambushed Jacob Rothschild has admitted on video to a street reporter.

Punch into Google search-
THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL

Much later getting egg on his face and in the face of proof  he put HASBARA version 2  and upgraded his opinion --  

QUOTE “ a club where rich get together and talk to each other, and play golf with one another, and plan together- that's not a big surprise  ”  UNQUOTE  
(Understanding Power, 348)

OOPS!  how foolish of us to ignore that rich men need a club to hit the golf ball. As you grow richer and shrewd your balls go smaller.  Poor simple people play basketball.

Major members of the media, such as editors from the Economist, NY Times, Newsweek, Washington Post, US News and World Report are regular attendees at Bilderberg .  Yet they never mention the proceedings, sworn to secrecy by their globalist masters.   

Bilderberg Club’s aim is one-world currency, bank, and army.  

They groom young politicians, they provide US university scholarships , so that they fall in line with their secret plans for world governance.  Have you ever notices the number of Indian politicians and media whose children get scholarships in Ivy league US Universities and premium British Univeristies  ?  

BR Ambedkar was groomed in Columbia University by Rothschild this way.

Jew Karl Marx who invented Bolshevik Communism and Chinese Communism which killed millions , pointed out the inequalities and brutality of capitalism and then advocated a one world bank,  army, and government with the abolition of private property and God,  in other words, the major goals known of the New World Order.

Punch into Google search-
CHINESE REVOLUTION THE BIGGEST GENOCIDE ON PLANET EARTH , COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL

How come know it all Chomsky has NOT talked anything about my above post on Jewish Communism ?  Does he not know that Jews created communism and killed maximum people on this planet? Oh , I see , he is the type who pretends to sleep and invites you to wake him up.


"Suppose it was discovered tomorrow that the greenhouse effects has been way underestimated  and that the catastrophic effects are actually going to set in 10 years from now, and not 100 years from now or something.  Well, given the state of the popular movements we have today, we’d probably have a fascist takeover- with everybody agreeing to it, because that would be the only method for survival that anyone could think of.  I’d even agree to it, because there’s just no other alternatives right now." (Understanding Power, 388).


Chomsky baby,  I get the feeling that your IQ is a bit poor,  or you are getting senile , or else why should you slip up so badly,  and that too in black and white?

You don’t need to have a lot of acuity to see what our double agent Noam Chomsky, is up to. 

He thinks we are fu#kin’ stupid.  

Here he is openly advocating a fascist takeover in a most shocking manner, because the ends justify the means.  



This is classic problem-reaction-solution programming, as he points to the fraudulent  threat of Global warming and then offers the solution of immoral tyranny , where his banking cartel master will call the shots.




Chomsky the double agent who criticizing Israel , wants Rothschild who owns most of Israel and who carved out Israel with two world wars , to SAVE you and the planet.  

He often criticizes the Israeli-linked network dominating U.S. foreign policy in a shallow manner, meant more to save Israel’s as$ in a covert manner .  

He keeps criticizing Israel ONLY on widely known issues.  He will call USA and Israel terrorist states and play to the gallery. 

We are to believe that if Chomsky does NOT rake up an issue, it is NOT worth raking up, leave alone examining , right?

WRONG !

Chomsky continues to baffle with his bullsh#t  all the while  claim to maintain the moral high ground, but covertly advocating the eugenics agenda pushed by Rothschild, their sidekick agents and Bilderberg Club.  

Chomsky has been pushing the global warming fraud with his nose.

Punch into Google search-.


THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING VADAKAYIL


Essentially, Chomsky acts as a Jewish HASBARA re-direct agent.  I will put a separate post on hasbara soon.   He acknowledges crimes of American foreign policy and then offers world government and international law as the solution.  

More power to Rothschild , right?

WRONG , AGAIN !!

Double agent Chomsky will  write about the crimes of American imperialism and then call for solutions like population control,  global government  and a totally socialized Brave New World society.   




Zionist Jews will hold all the moolah and the reins of absolute power.   

Rest of the world will slog for them, right?





This deep cover agent for the NWO , Chomsky refuses to utter the R word , and that Rothschilds have played a major role in the last 3 centuries of history  – all of his books on economic history and politics omit to mention their existence.

He has a very large following of supporters worldwide as well as a dense speaking schedule, drawing large crowds wherever he goes.  

He is often booked up to two years in advance.  To them, Chomsky is the supreme brahman , an avatar whose spin and warped logic cannot be questioned. 

Chomsky  clamors for socialized, Federally-controlled healthcare which will help the greedy Zionist Pharma and give them nice subsidy.  When critiquing poverty,  he never mentions the Federal Reserve , IMF , Wold Bank , and their role in manipulating the national debt.

Since Rothschild blood relative Jew Karl Marx is now dead , Chomsky is being cultivated as the new Marx , Lenin, and Einstein rolled into one..  He is now gassed up and primed to present a false liberation ideology which actually supports the desired solutions of the Rothschild..

Chomsky has been VERY successful in preventing Americans from critically examining the Zionist role in every single modern needless war and revolution where millions of innocent people have died.

Millions of double agent Chomsky cult followers worldwide are brainwashed and trapped by this mindboggling scam  failing to recognize big brother’s hand and the new avatar of  Marx-Lenin. His brainwashed fawning minions will accept the Jew’s word as gospel.

The media which sings the praises of Chomsky and cements his hero status are all ex-agents of Rothschild - the Rockefeller Foundation, Ford Foundation, Carnegie Endowment, and MacArthur Foundation.

Noam Chomsky and his Left Gatekeeper associates must be actively exposed for their role in the HASBARA propaganda system— before it is too late.




Above: In India , laws are being amended.  

A whore can be bribed to bear witness in court that your brother or your father raped her 10 years ago-- and there will be NO bail .  

Teesta Setalvad produced several witnesses out of thin air for Godra riots , with Saudi Wahabi funds.

However if the rape charges are  against a blue eyed boy of big brother , then the complainant will be fined 50 lakhs –  as happened in a famous case.



But defaulters of big brother ( like Asaram ) will have the son, wife and daughter too arrested and damned.
********************************************************************
HASBARA , JEWISH PROPAGANDA ON SOCIAL MEDIA WORSE THAN GOEBBELISM – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



HASBARA  DIRTY INTELLECTUAL FRAUD  ON INTERNET ,   STATE OF ISRAEL PAYING UNDER COVER JEWISH AND NON-JEWISH STUDENTS TO TELL IMMORAL LIES  ONLINE ,  REWRITING WORLD HISTORY TO MAKE JEWS SHINE ON WIKIPEDIA ,  HASBARA ATTEMPT TO CREATE FAKE BRAND IMAGE FOR ISRAEL ,  VULGAR JEWISH INTERNET TROLLS  AND SHILLS  VEILING ISRAELI  CRIMES  AGAINST HUMANITY , THOUGHT POLICE STATE  -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 


Till the Internet age , Rothschild and his agents controlled world media, TV and Hollywood.  With the advent of the internet and social media Israel and the Jews have been totally exposed.

But they have now a Government aided program investing millions of dollars where they employ trolls and shills to do propaganda on line.  This pro-Jew propaganda is known as Hasbara.



These are covert units will embedded in Jewish in a structured and semi-military fashion.  They are warned “ You can’t tell anyone what we do here.  Not your wife, not your dog. We expect you to fight dirty  “.

Now it takes a lot of lying effort to make the image better than the original.  This is NOT as easy as spraying perfume under a stinking armpit .





The Jewish crimes are now known to the white Christian man who died in millions to carve out the state of Israel in two World Wars , hijacked by Jews Winston Churchill, Stalin, Roosevelt and Gen Eisenhower- all stooges of Rothschild.

Those who are NOT familiar , must read this post below.

Punch into Google search-

CHINESE REVOLUTION THE BIGGEST GENOCIDE ON PLANET EARTH , COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS VADAKAYIL


Make sure you read the post above along with the embedded sub-posts, of you will NOT understand what follows.




Jews have been persecuted all over the world, all the time, by everyone ( except in my homestate of Kerala , India ) because they take their Talmud a bit too seriously , in which everyone not Jewish is considered inferior.   

Palestine Muslims are treated like sub humans.  All human rights are denied.  Resistance is called terrorism.  Telling the truth is called anti-semitism.  Their crime is  wanting to live free on their own land in their own country.

Israel's deep influence on the U.S. mainstream media through AIPAC the slanted coverage of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis by the unethical mainstream media, is so apparent.  The Jewish AIPAC Lobby tells US Congress what to do, today.  

AIPAC is more powerful than Republicans or Democrats. It’s the most powerful force in Washington. ….They literally own US Congress.  If you own 435 Representatives and Senators you rule the world. 



US Congress gave 29 standing ovations to arrogant bully Benjamin Netanyahu when he spoke in Congress on May 24, 2011-- just try sitting and standing 29 times, yourself .  It was so well orchestrated— some Jews would stand up and start clapping, and then the rest would follow like sheep in George Orwell's classic Animal Farm..

PSSSSST- It was found later that majority, got up out of fear, as video cameras were recording the audience movements, and if anybody continued sitting , the chances of him/ her  being in the Congress again is very remote--such is the muscle of AIPAC.

So much for American democracy.

Touting the usual Pro-Israel phrases ad nauseum, such as, “Our unbreakable commitment to Israel” or “Our shared values and deep ties” and certainly “A common commitment to democracy”  BLAH BLAH

US senators make ridiculous nay, disgusting statements of obedience and ‘loyalty’…insuring for themselves continued campaign donations and perks from the Jewish AIPAC lobbyists and their malignant, malevolent engine of control and subjugation.

All march to Israel’s drum---



 --- “dangers of a nuclear-armed Iran who play a dangerous role in the region, supporting terrorist organizations like Hamas to exploit the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.” (applause! clap—clap )

----“When we say that a nuclear-armed Iran is unacceptable, we mean it!” ( BRAVO—clap clap--more applause!) 



The ridiculous claim that America must support Israel's fight against terrorism because Israel is defending Western civilization (sic!) and America's interests is a giant and immoral lie.

The international community encourages Israeli lawlessness through silence or statements too weak-kneed to matter.

America's "till death do us part" relationship with Israel diminishes America's image as neutral, honest and fair.  

The whole world knows that it is absurd for America to bully and attack Iran, which does not have any nuclear weapons, while it shields Israel, a nation that has more than 400  nuclear weapons and has stated that it will use them if push came to shove, even against European nations.

Israel scoffs and dares all . 



It spurns all international law and its own because who'll hold it accountable?  Destruction of Palestinian property has nothing to do with military necessity.  Israel does what it wants with impunity because world leaders who matter literally let it get away with murder.

Imagine being Palestinian and enduring this for 46 years and still counting.  Zionism was the ideology for the creation of Israel.  

Zionists are the equivalent of Taliban. Muslims are NOT Taliban. Same way Jews are NOT Zionists.




None of the Jews in Israel are from Palestine.  They are Khazars from the Georgia area.  Original Judeans are related by blood to Kerala people.  I am from Kerala.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India. 

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

It is not kalaNi – it is karaRi .   Kerala is the land of kalari.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .



This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba. 

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.



Getting back-

Hasbara means "explanation", and is also a euphemism for propaganda.

Jewish students are trained to edit Wikipedia, and Wikipedia plays ball .

Punch into Google search-
WIKIPEDIA , BIG BROTHER'S PROPAGANDA MACHINE VADAKAYIL



With over two million articles in English on every topic imaginable, Wikipedia has become a primary reference source for Internet users around the world.

So what if the Internet has arrived?

Rothschild still controls Internet. They have the power to hack your site, or just declare that “this site is potentially harmful to your computer” so that everybody treats  your website like the plague.
You put any subject on an Internet search engine, and the first page first post gives you Wikipedia spin.

Wanna know what spin Wikipedia gives about Hindusim – which has always helped ungrateful Judaism ?

Punch into Google search-

HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL



Any person in the world can write or edit articles, and Wikipedia boasts that they has strict guidelines and procedures for accountability intended to ensure quality control and prevent vandalism, plagiarism or distortion. 

But they allow the Hasbara shills , who are trained well by Israel , to doctor the Wikipedia content .
So the Jews must always smell of roses, right?

Today the world knows why the Jews have monopolized the Nobel prizes. It is NOT a secret anymore.

Punch into Google search-

ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM  VADAKAYIL




Here is just one result of my experiments on HASBARA shills .

HEADLINE IN TIMES OF INDIA E NEWSPAPER  –

SUBJECT MATTER:  Thirty million people are slaves, half in India, survey says

COMMENTS:

ajit vadakayil (calicut) 21 mins ago

LOOK WHO IS TALKING !!!   

punch into google search -  

BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS VADAKAYIL .
and 
THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL . 
and 
CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS, FATHER OF AMERICAN SLAVERY VADAKAYIL .  

capt ajit vadakayil  ..

Agree (2)
Disagree (0)
Recommend (2)
Offensive

####################

XXXone (Location) replies to ajit vadakayil

6 mins ago

Your post is entirely meaningless.
Just another pointless exercise, to draw people's attention away from the facts mentioned in the article.
Are you really a Captain ?
Or just a fancy name you came up with ?

Agree (0)
Disagree (2)
Recommend (0)
Offensive

 

Hasbara shills are trained to convert sunset into sunrise and vice versa.

These Hasbara trolls oppose free speech and try to suppress open and free debate and instead replace it with their own hasbara wash and spin.

There is a unique method to their madness, and you don’t need any acuity to spot this .

Hasbara Trolls are trained to be polite at first. .

They target, write, engage, educate and when they fail insult.  They will insinuate that you are mad and have forgotten to take your daily anti-madness pills .

They will engage in stages as per their covert blue book.

First stage - Guilt by association,  that your source is an established  anti-semite.

Second stage - They will give you a golden opportunity to redeem yourself. Such a fortuitous offer to recant from your naive ways and repent.

Third stage : They will go on a vicious smear campaign and insult you.

Last stage :  Total  character assassination.

They are trained to flag your website which has some deadly virus, so that nobody dares to click and open it.





Hasbara trolls use Internet alerts to warn them when hot keywords are mentioned.   Keywords such as Israel, Jew, AIPAC, ADL , Judaism, Rothschild  etc.   

When those words are mentioned they are alerted and they investigate who is talking about what. Mind you this is a 24 hour thing.

Why don’t you try an experiment?



Ready?

Type in your name on google search—and check the bottom of the page.

All is fine, right!.

Now add the word JEW behind your name.

Hell has now broken loose. 

Immediately there will be a warning to tell you how much Google is disturbed , for you appear to be an evil anti-semite.

Now delete JEW.

Instead type in Hindu or Muslim or Christian or Jain or Buddhist—Google does NOT get disturbed anymore .

TEE HEEEEE !

This says it all.





The big media which is NOT controlled by the Zionists are dealt with through BICOM , AIPAC, ADL etc whilst the social media are policed by the Hasbara troll brigade. Even Josef Goebbels was never so effective.

Honest gentle constructive criticisms have utterly failed to redirect Israel toward peace and civility . The Zionist boosted Israeli Jewish society continues to drift toward Jewish fascism ,  jingoism and Talmudic racism. 

Famous German poet Guenter Grass described Israel as the most dangerous state in the world.  I guess he has a point there , otherwise which nation on this planet , will pay people to tell lies, spam and troll on the Internet?



Thousands of trolls are reported to have downloaded a software programme called Megaphone that sends an alert to the troll computers when an article critical of Israel is published.  They are then supposed to bombard the site with comments supporting Israel.

None of these trolls will have Jewish names.  They will speak as innocent net-surfers without a sinister agenda .  They and will write responses that will look personal but will be based on a carefully prepared list of messages that psychologists in the foreign ministry developed.

These Internet shills are selected through a careful screening process, which includes psychometric evaluation.  The Hasbara idea requires that Israel’s role in Internet Goebbelism is not highlighted . The troll must NOT be projected to have any Jewish link or political affiliation.  



Nobody must know that it is the Israeli  Prime Minister’s Office which heavily funds the Hasbara scholarships.  Nobody must know that Hasbara is an overseas image-building or reshaping public opinion or brand building by telling white lies .  

In the early 1980s, Hasbara was defined as a simple PR campaign.  Zionist mouthpiece Newsweek explained Hasbara as “explaining.”

In 2001, the Israeli Foreign Affairs Ministry, the diplomatic arm of the Government of Israel, was an original co-sponsor of the Hasbara Fellowships activities of Aish HaTorah.   



In May 2007, when caught with their pants down, the Hasbara Fellowships asserted that "Wikipedia is not an objective resource but rather an online encyclopedia that any one can edit”.  In 2009, Israel's foreign ministry organized volunteers to add pro-Israeli commentary on news websites.

In July 2009, the Jews got bolder with a lump it if you don’t like it “fu#k you” attitude.  They blatantly  announced that the Israeli Foreign Ministry would assemble an "Internet warfare" squad to spread a pro-Israel message on various websites, with heavy government funding. A lot of American tax-payers money is going into this.  

I can never imagine India ever doing such a thing .




Now, even day schools and MASA programs have been conscripted to the Hasbara task.
Today the Israel Citizens Information Council (ICIC)  enlists Israelis from all walks of life to participate in its various projects ..

The Hasbara methods used during the Second Intifada included lunches and free trips for influential journalists,   training seminars for Jewish university students,  invitations to AIPAC lobbied up US congressmen,  false propaganda pamphlets , donation of money for campaigns,  telling embedded photographers and writers what to photograph or write about,   lecture and concert tours by prominent hyped up Jews , frequent references to the Holocaust and covert  advertisements in the media praising peace loving and non-racist Israel.

How many of you know what is embedded Journalism?

Today in a child’s army toy kit , pride of place is given to the reporter who has to lie through his teeth and sell his soul and conscience .

Punch into Google search-


EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS VADAKAYIL



NUIS  (National Union of Israeli Students  )  representing over 320,000 students  has been requisitioned by the Israeli PM to launch Hasbara , at 2,000 USD per month ( actually it is much more ) to spread pro-Israel propaganda online for 5 hours per week from the “comfort of home.”  

The union is also partnering with Israel’s Jewish Agency to send Israeli students as missionaries , with greater than Mormon zeal , to spread propaganda in other countries, for which they will also receive a handsome stipend.   

In addition to NUIS , Haifa University, Tel Aviv University, Ben-Gurion University and Sapir College are also in these state propaganda programs.  

For these brainwashed shills,  every criticism of Israel is “hate” and “anti-Semitism” and that the Internet should be seen as a battlefield on which they are foot soldiers.





How do these shills they describe themselves? They call themselves The Jewish Internet Defense Force (JIDF) , as a private, independent, non-violent protest organization representing a collective of activists.

So when you lose your profile on Facebook or your blog site goes missing , you have been mass reported by these Hasbara shills as a racist and anti-semite.   It does NOT matter if you have told the truth and nothing but the truth , with objective evidence and thousands of witnesses.  

Hasbara targets political elites, opinion makers and the public simultaneously. It includes pounding your heads through the Zionist monopolized mass media. 



They use their funded NGOs , government agencies,  lobbying groups, bribes private citizens, hasbara students, lobbied up journalists and bloggers.

The Israeli government encourages every single citizen to actively engage in Hasbara. Ex-soldiers are trained to be computer savvy and to edit Wikipedia.  They are told that the West Bank is to be discussed only under its ancient Hebrew name, Judea and Samaria – as a beautiful peaceful  tourist destination.



On top of the Hasbara Ministry, there is a Hasbara branch in the Israeli Prime Minister’s Office.  Other government agencies, such as the Ministry of Tourism or the Ministry of Culture, also take part in ad-hoc Hasbara activities.  The Jewish Agency, trains its envoys to American campuses to engage in propaganda.

A lot of the Hasbara work is carried out outside official channels ,through non-governmental organizations such as Stand With Us, The Israel Projectand more.  These organizations produce resources – booklets, slideshows, flyers, maps, polls an etc – and spin news and doctored events in ways which are photoshopped and favorable to the Israeli government.




A lot of effort goes into influencing hyped up opinion-makers.  Journalists and bloggers are flown on a regular basis to tours in Israel, accompanied by government officials, while Israeli representatives – former diplomats, journalists, soldiers and officers – are brought to give lectures at campuses, think-tanks, conferences and other public events around the world.  

Organizations also secretly give Hasbara  fellowships to international students in Israel, where big money trampled on their conscience and forces them to prostitute their souls.. They know how to arm twist these students , if required.



All that matters to a Hasbara shill is to discredit –nay-  sabotage every single criticism of Israel, true or false hardly matters.

It is hard to believe that Israel is so stupid that they believe all this will white wash their reputation as a  failed oppressor state that commits crimes against humanity as a matter of state policy—  and yet solely surviving on AIPAC largesse.  

The white Christian yank is now wise to these vulgar Jewish ways , and it is just  a matter of time, before the Jews get confronted by the USED white Christian man  .

Present-day Israeli leaders are worried  over ebbing support among younger generations of Jews in the US and Europe. Even Rabbis now openly say that they are NOT part of Zionism.   

They disassociate themselves with the Zionist organization CAMERA  which is busy re-writing history on Wikpedia.  CAMERA  is Committee for Accuracy in Middle East Reporting in America.  TEE HEEEE ! CAMERA operatives stress the need for stealth and secrecy.

How long can this vile deception continue?   Are we to believe that you can just hijack Wikipedia administrative structures to ensure your fraudulent changes go either undetected or unchallenged ?

So what is the advise of Capt Ajit Vadakayil to the off tangent Jew, who is needlessly sweating the small stuff..

Make peace with your sordid past.   

Treat the Palestinians with some respect.   Dismantle your illegal settlements and give some land back to the Palestinians for a state. This land is NOT yours.  Give the Palestinians a token financial donation, and don’t go around town tom tomming your Jewish generosity .  

Make it WIN-WIN.  

Stop this fake propaganda that Israel was founded by Holocaust survivors, ignoring that the Zionist movement and settlements began in the late 1800s.

Stop this chip on the shoulder approach of DON’T FU#K WITH US JEWS.  

You do NOT have friends on this planet other than Hindus.  Have you ever stopped to ponder why the Jewish race was hated all the time, all over the world by everybody .

Are ALL as$holes , except you?
 
You think so ? 

Oh yeah?



Get rid of your Shylock / Fagin image for your own good .  

All this is a far easier undertaking , than spending enormous amounts of time, effort, and money engaging in relentless hasbara deceits or Internet warfare.  

There is NO way you can create a “brand image” completely at odds with the ugly truth OR an image which is brighter than the original , contravening the Laws of Physics.

Edit and amend your racist Talmud,  so that you can protect your future generations from hate and negativity.   

Stop this media monopolizing .  

Stop shilling , trolling and Hasbara – it wont work !!.   

Stop telling your young generation to lie.  I will die before I tell my own sons to lie — and they would lose respect for me forever .

If you are a honorable nation , what is the need to shill ?  

What is the need to do false flag attacks on other nations?  Why do you need to deceive ?

Punch into Google search-

CRYPTOS, DOUBLE AGENTS, FALSE FLAGS, DECEPTION  VADAKAYIL

Does India need to shill ? 

Have you ever seen a crypto Hindu , just because he is NOT proud of himself ?  Before you became Jews , you were Hindus, wonder what warped your DNA so badly .

And stop drinking Kosher vinegar, so that you do NOT monopolise  Crohn’s disease .  Vinegar in stomach and Talmudic negativity chemicals released by the brain , is NO good for your intestines. Advanced Crohn's disease is when you pass sh#t along with your pee-- a disease you will NOT wish for your worst enemy.



Remember –

A brand is image or a perception.  A brand is driven by a personal connection and emotion. Don’t sweat the small stuff. S uccess that cost you your dignity is not an achievement.  Spinning fairy tales and propagating vulgar disinformation cannot create a lasting brand.

You cannot behave like psychopaths and disguise it forever.  You cannot trample other peoples’ rights and freedoms, and destroy their property, and expect to be loved.  You cannot keep your jackboot on your neighbour’s neck for 7 decades  and expect to call yourself civilized and in tune with modern Western values ( sic ). 




You cannot steal the Palestinian’s  lands, his water and livelihood at gunpoint and claim ZE moral high ground –unless you are loco.  



And you certainly cannot create a wholesome brand image for yourself from LOADS AND LOADS OF BULLSHIT.




History is replete with the lesson that a country in which the Jews get the upper hand is in danger. Have you read what Hitler tried to say in Mein Kamph . Is he not proved right today, with your immoral and racists behavior in Palestine ? 

Stop this self brainwashing that your are God’s chosen people from the promised land.  Stop your contempt for International opinion.

You own hasbara has turned against you , for in your burning zeal , you made your Zionist and Jewish Lobby undergrads spy on fellow students, professors and staff to profile any who was not sufficiently 'pro-Israel' for getting some 'special treatment’.  

Otherwise how would this planet know about Hasbara special skills ?




Do your really believe that that the common Yank in America supports Israel “because he wants to”?   The world knows that AIPAC controls the mass media, the US politics and the US economy in a matrix of power which ensures that Israel is always supported.

Is the Syrian war  in “America’s national interests”  or in Israel’s interests ?  What do you think?

Do you know that a big chunk of Russian Jews in Israel are NOT even Jews?  They have just beaten your system to make moolah.  Try having a Israel vs Russia soccer match.  Mother Russia knows what you are up to , having more than enough experience with Jew Bolshevik Gulags. !!

A good salesman learns to honestly love the products he’s selling—but this will never apply to your Hasbara soldiers, for killing children goes against human conscience.

Do Indians defame people who dare to speak out against anything India?  Why do you need to savage former US President Jimmy Carter just because he wrote a book about Apartheid Israel.




Shut down your digital fuc#in' war rooms ! 

Do NOT cement Israel’s status as the most negatively viewed country on this planet. 

There is NO tweeting your way out of this mess - you have painted  yourself into a neat corner .

The whole world is watching !!


Grace and peace !


Namas te narasimhaya praladahlada-dayine
Hiranyakasipor vaksah-sils-tanka-nakalaye

Ito nrsimhah parato nrsimho
Yato yato yami tato nrsimho
Bahir nrsimho hrdaye nrsimho
Nrsimham adim saranam prapadye

Tava kara-kamala-vare nakham adbuta-srngam
Dalita-hiranyakasipu-tanu-bhrngam

Kesava dhrta-nara-hari-rupa jaya jagadisa hare
********************************************************************
KARVA CHAUTH, SYNCHRONISING THE FERTILITY CYCLE WITH THE MOON PHASE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
KARWA CHAUTH THE HINDU RITUAL OF GRATITUDE AND THANKSGIVING ,  ANNUAL RENEWAL OF MARITAL COMMITMENT ,  MOON AND THE FEMALE MENSTRUAL CYCLE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Tomorrow is Karva Chauth.

The foreign funded Indian media are tripping over each other to remind the Hindu women that they should NOT fast for their husbands unless the husbands reciprocate by fasting too on Karva Chauth. 

The foreign funded TV stations have got the usual moth eaten female faces to push this dirty message to Hindu women.

The whole world is jealous that the Indian rate of divorce is the smallest on the planet. 

There is NO word for divorce in the ancient Sanskrit dictionary.  For Hindu marriages are made in heaven and they lasted a life time. 

We have arranged marriages and our horoscopes are matched to make sure that the cosmic forces bless this union.

When I got married my parents matched 73 horoscopes.

Punch into Google search-
A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS VADAKAYIL.




Probably next year my wife would like to marry off my elder son.  All we look for is an attractive girl who will take care of my son, will have the education to teach his kids, and will be a good homemaker.

I have been married for more than 3 decades. 

It never happened that my wife ate a meal before me or along with me-- for 3 decades .  

She , the quintessential Bharatiya Nari , always ate after feeding her husband and her children.   Of course she sailed with me for 9 years as the “Captains wife “, and she sat on my table , and ate with me as per  shipboard decorum.

It never happened that I got up from sleep in the morning (or a nap in the afternoon ) and a cup of hot tea was NOT given to me by my wife , within 3 minutes ,  for the past 3 decades.  

So --  is she my slave?

No , she is my wife , just carrying out her Dharma which makes her happy !

Couple of years back I was having dinner at a restaurant abroad with the handsome Norwegian director of my shipping company,  who was my die hard fan.   Capt Ajit Vadakayil's sh#t did NOT smell for him.

After a couple of drinks I popped a unwarranted question  “Why did you divorce your wife last year “.

He replied knee jerk “ The bi#ch could not even give me a proper BJ ! ”

And then he looked at me in an embarrassed manner.  I guess I got a brutally frank reply to a frank question.

The next day I pondered.  Can this ever happened to an Indian marriage?

So the Western white men are tripping over each other to save Hindusim, Hindu marriages and the Hindu woman.

How little they know of our Indian culture ! What do they know of the mindset of a Hindu woman?

If I were to wish my wife “good morning darling” and go and make my own cup of tea in the morning , and pull a chair for her, and open a door of her – she will wonder what the f#ck I am up to.


In India our souls are united with marriage.  No Indian woman will go for silicon implants  to save her marriage.

Karva Chaut has been going on in India for thousands of years. In the Mahabharata of 4000 BC, Lord Krishna reminds Draupadi to do the Karva Chauth vrat  ( fasting ) ritual for Arjuna before he goes for battle. 

In the Bible the big bang happened in 4004 BC .   TEE HEEEE !.

Karva Chauth festival falls on the 4th day after full moon , in the Hindu lunisolar month of Kartik.



According to Indian tradition,  marriage introduces accountability, responsibility , privileges and rights of a husband and wife towards each other.   

In a traditional Hindu family, husband is the earner and the protector of the family whereas the various duties of a wife involves care, nurturing,  education and continuity of cultural heritage of the family for future generations.

Honour is a great factor.  Marital love does NOT play to the galleries.   Love is embedded in the heart.

Karva Chauth is a festival that every Indian Hindu woman looks forward to, despite the fact that she is put to severe inconvenience of fasting without even a sip of water from sunrise to moon rise .  

A Hindu woman derives immense pleasure in sacrifice for her husband.  The white man will never ever understand this.  

Although today India has moved to modernity, the devotion and spirit of sacrifice of the Indian woman to her beloved husband has not wavered.   



The white man goes HOO HAA about Sati , where the widow incinerated herself in her husbands’s funeral pyre.  It has never been forced on her.   

First of all it was a kings's harem practice-- that even the Muslim concubines of Sikh King Ranjt Singh committed Sati.

When her husband was alive she knows deep in her heart, that he would sacrifice his life to protect her.

Karva Chauth is the day that symbolizes this love and devotion of an Indian woman towards her husband.  Indian woman have always considered their husbands as God (pati parmeshwar) and it is her mindset that she must serve and care for him.

The  Hindu husband tries to be home on the day of Karva Chaut, as this is a day of emotional and spiritual bonding with his spouse.



Karwa Chauth coincides with Sankashti Chaturthi a fasting day observed for Lord Ganesha. The married women worships Lord Shiva, Parvati, and Lord Ganesha and breaks the fast only after sighting and making the offerings to the moon.


On the day of the Karva Chaut,  a married woman will get up early prior to sunrise.  She will  take bath ,  perform puja and take a simple “pre-fasting” meal.  This meals will ensure that she is NOT dehydrated for at least 16 hours.   



For the rest of the day she will abstain from food including even water. In the evening , a few hours before moonrise,  she will dress up like a bride , with mehni on her hands and feet , sindoor in her hair parting , decked in gold jewelry.  All the women will then get together at a temple under the peepal tree for a collective puja.  



Typically the ladies will sit in a circle around the peepal tree and perform a Gauri puja accompanied by a traditional story that describes the origins and benefits of following this fast.  During the puja each lady holds a tray that is passed around the circle at different times making a total of seven rounds.

These seven rounds match the seven circles that a bride and groom take around the sacred fire during their wedding ceremony. Once the puja is completed the ladies will wait for the moon to rise. 


Children are sent as scouts on tree tops and terraces to check out if the moon is visible, and if it is sighted,  the news spreads quickly through the neighborhood like wild fire .



Once the moon is visible, it is customary for a fasting woman, with her husband standing by, to view its reflection in a flat vessel filled with water,  through a flour sieve, or through the fine cloth of her dupatta.  

Then she looks at her husband's face in the same manner, with gratitude in her heart.  This is a spiritual moment.  She says a silent prayer for the welfare and long life of her husband.  

Gratitude in a wife is not only her greatest virtue, but is is the parent of all her other virtues. Grateful wives experience very deep levels of happiness. This mindset of an Indian woman is the reason why divorce percentage is miniscule in India and why she preserves her virginity for her husband.  


Grateful women are happier, less stressed and happier with simple social relationships.  They do NOT need to attend kitty parties and bitch. Grateful people have better self acceptance and are at peace with themselves.  Karva Chauth is a renewal of her commitment and accountability.

Getting back-

Water is now offered to the moon to secure its blessings



The husband now takes the water from the same flat vessel and gives his wife her first sip and feeds her with the first morsel of the day (usually something sweet).  


After this,  she touches their husband’s feet to seek his blessings.  

The moth eaten faces coming on foreign funded Indian media will exhort her NOT to touch her husband’s feet and if she indeed does so, she must force her husband to touch her feet too . We do NOT care for these unhappy decadent people, who will bless their teachers and gurus back.  This is NOT the way the cookie crumbles in India.




IF YOU CHECK OUT HER BLOGSITE SHE KEEPS BOASTING ABOUT ALL HER FOREIGN TRIPS AS HER SECOND SHIPPING HUSBAND IS RICH -- I HAVE A COLLEAGUE IN THIS FAMILY -- POOR FEMALE, TRYING TO OVERTAKE HAPPINESS .

Getting back !

The fast is now broken, and the woman has a complete veg meal.  

It is customary for the husband to make a gift to his devoted wife, such as jewelry or a new dress. She receives new clothes, new jewelery and gifts from both her mother and mother-in-law .
Karva Chauth fast is NOT observed by unmarried women and widows.

The fidelity , selflessness and tolerance of Hindu women, the resilience of Hindu family values, and the tranquillity of the Hindu home cannot be explained to a foreigner.

This is where real fountainhead of happiness lies.  Happiness is NOT in shaking your as$ in a discotheque or attending boring parties holding a glass forever.

Happiness is FREE.  



It is about filling up the space deep inside, or gratification of the soul.  It is about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER.

Happiness has to overtake you, never vice versa..  The Hindu home is for them to live in, NOT for others to gape at.   Our values are different.  The wife does NOT breach her husband’s trust. 

Quite often Karva Chauth is also a family reunion, for Diwali is around the corner—after 9 days.



The white man injected some poison into the Adi Granth of the Sikhs . The Adi Granth (verse 1136) says, "I do not keep the fast (vrat) nor Ramadan. I serve only the One who will save me in the end.".

But Sikh women love to keep the Karva Chauth fast for their husbands , ignoring the Adi Granth.
What the white man has done to the Adi Granth of the Sikhs can be gauged by reading the post below.

Punch into Google search-

UNKNOWN HISTORY OF SIKHS AND SIKHISM , PAWNS IN DIVIDE AND RULE POLICY OF BRITISH EMPIRE  VADAKAYIL

Sikh men are also told NOT to drink.  But they do NOT care for this.

The 6000 year old Indian medical system of Ayurveda sees the basic cause of many diseases as the accumulation of toxic materials in the digestive system.  Regular cleansing of toxic materials keeps one healthy.  By fasting, the digestive organs get rest and all body mechanisms are cleansed and corrected.

There have been calls to eliminate the Karva Chauth festival by Western human rights commentators who hold it to be "anti-women" and to "perpetuate the notion of women's slavery to men."  

The foreign funded Indian NGOs support them so that they continue to get the moolah from abraod .  They do NOT care for Indian culture heritage.  All they care for is money. These Judases will sell their own mothers for the quintessential pieces of silver.

The moon has always been associated with Indian spirituality.  All our seers wear the 108 bead Rudraksha mala.

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. The average distance of the Moon from the Earth is 108 times the diameter of the Moon.



The Maharishis with 12 strand DNA used their minds as laser beams and wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.    Hindu Mantras are chanted 108 times using the rudraksa mala beads as a counter. 

madhye samantandasya bhugolo vyomni tisthati

“In the midst of universe (Brahmanda), the spherical earth stands firm in the space”- Rig Veda 5000 BC  [12th ch-32 sloka]

And imagine, the west ridiculed the Indians for thinking that the earth is the back of a tortoise. 

Thank god for the Internet age

The menstrual cycle  mirrors how consciousness becomes matter and how thought creates reality. 

The moon and tides interact with the electromagnetic and scalar fields of the woman's body affecting internal physiological processes.

The macrocosmic cycles of nature, the waxing and waning, the ebb and flow of the tides and the changes of the seasons,  are reflected on a smaller scale in the menstrual cycle of the individual female body.  

Water covers 70 percent of Earth’s surface, makes up 65% of the human body. Brain is 83% water, blood-92%, kidneys - 82%, liver-69% , muscles-75%, bones-28%.  Our brain stores information in the holographic form. Every cell in our body carries all information to produce a copy. Without water, the blood wont move.  

In homeopathy the information copied to the water is being used to cancel out the information of the symptoms from the disease -- a wave cancellation effect. Water is the master listener in the universe -- and you are mostly water. The gravity of the moon affects the tides just like the periods of a woman. 

The most mysterious and controversial property of water, however, is its ability to hold and store memory. This property underlies the healing capability of homeopathy. A homeopathic solution usually in water is produced via a series of dilutions of a substance, often until effectively no atoms of the original material remain. Only an imprint or memory remains for the cure, and the greater the dilution, the greater the effectiveness. 

Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water, The body is very much like a sponge and is composed of trillions of chambers called cells that hold liquid.  In this sense water not only has the ability to visually reflect the environment but it also molecularly reflects the environment. 



Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction between water and consciousness. 

The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary manner,living cells would not be able to communicate with each other.



The monthly ripening of an egg and subsequent pregnancy or release of menstrual blood mirror the process of creation as it occurs not only in nature, unconsciously, but in human endeavor.  In Indian culture , the menstrual cycle has been viewed as sacred.  

Modern science accept today that  the moon rules the flow of fluids (ocean tides as well as individual body fluids) and affects the unconscious mind and dreams.  



We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.— this requires some divine fixing , right?   



During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some divine fixing right?  



The moon becomes full with predictable regularity just about every 29.5 days.  The average menstrual cycle among fertile women is usually 29.5 days long.

Women are connected to the moon by blood, hormones and soul. The moon regulates her menstrual cycle, can trigger ovulation and fertile times and affects her emotions .  The natural biological cleansing is accompanied by a psychological cleansing as well.  




If a woman stays in the lap of tranquil nature , the way it was meant to be, without stress, with abundant love , without electricity,  eating  organic food and drinking clean water, she will  ovulate when the moon is full, and bleed when the moon is dark.

There is a relationship, a harmonic synchrony, between the menstrual cycles of fertile women and the lunar cycle of the moon. The hormonal cycle of a fertile woman is an exquisitely complex symphonic interrelation  and  is further controlled by  cosmic forces.

We in India used to astrology do NOT need an introduction to this.



Women have the potential to ovulate, when the moon is in the same phase as it was at the time of her birth.  Peak rates of conception and occur around full moon and during new moon, ovulation and conception rates are decreased .  

The whole menstrual cycle is an alchemical process in itself, during which every woman who bleeds goes through a transformation inside herself.  To menstruate means to live through a cyclical transmutation in which the past is shed and the new in embraced.




 Days 8-19 are the least safe because ovulation occurs at this time (about 2 weeks after the first day of your period).  Avoid sexual intercourse during this time to prevent pregnancy.. Normally sperm can survive inside a woman’s body for around two to three days.   However, under the best conditions, a super-sperm can sometimes survive for as long as five days. 

The first week after periods and last week before period are the safest depending on your mensuration cycle i.e ONLY if it regular.  

Karva Chaut ritual if done the right way, has this mysterious benefit of regularizing a woman’s periods and synchronizing it with the moon..  

The length of a menstrual cycle varies greatly among women, ranging from 25 to 35 days.




I can imagine some women whose awareness about their own bodies is purely pedestrian , wondering—what is all this estrogen, progesterone all about. What is the big fu#kin' deal ?  Ancient Hindu women never knew PMS problems.

Effects of Progesterone
Effects of Estrogen
Increases libido
Decreases libido
Prevents cancer of the womb
Increases risk of womb cancer
Protects against fibrocystic breast
disease
Stimulates breast cell activity
Maintains the lining of the uterus
Proliferates the lining of the
uterus
Stimulates the building of new
bone
Slows down the resorption of old
bone
Strengthens skin
Thins skin
Is a natural diuretic
Encourages salt and water retention
Brings antidepressant effects
Can produce headaches and depression
Encourages fat burning
and the use of stored energy
Lays down fat stores
Normalizes blood clotting
Increases blood clotting
Concerned with the procreation and 
 survival of the fetus
Concerned with the development
and release of the egg
Precursor to important stress hormones
End-molecule steroids



Once on a transpacific flight , while waiting for the toilet to be free early in the morning , I saw the airhostess in her pantry rubbing cream some cream on her breasts and inner thighs.  

Don’t ask me now , if she was flashing.   I aint tellin’.

I asked her  “Progesterone ?”

She says “ Yeah, how do you know”.

So I educated her “ the cream is meant to be used from full moon to new moon , if you wanna team up with the cycle of the Moon and the Earth  — the same cycle that governs the tides and the flow of fluids on the planet.  Of course your doctor wont know that ”

Noticing that she was receptive I introduced her to natural progesterone, which works a thousand times better , without the side effects of synthetic progesterone.

Punch into Google search-

CHEMBU KIZHANGU , COLOCASIA AND PMS SYNDROME VADAKAYIL



Chembu yam contains natural PROGESTERONE.  It also catalyses the human body's production of Progesterone.

Low progesterone cannot  counter excessive estrogen — an imbalance  exacerbated by chronic stress.  Synthetic progesterone, has side effects.

When natural progesterone surges through a woman’s body she is on a natural high.  She now years to create something, to dance , crack jokes, hum a song, or make wild naughty love in public places.  Sometimes progesterone surges can indeed feel like falling in love. 

It is a feeling of well being and intense excitement – a desire to explore new worlds, and to try new things. It is a high level of progesterone that makes a woman feel on top of the world during the last months of pregnancy.  Women know what I mean.  Men know of the glow on her face, which was NOT there before. 

At this time the placenta churns out an amazing 300 to 400 milligrams of the steroid, while during the luteal phase of her menstrual cycle it will have only been producing 20 milligrams or so a day.

A big chunk of women who think they have a disease called “depression” are actually low in progesterone.   

Among the many symptoms of low progesterone are::

Anxiety
Depression
Irritability
Mood swings insomnia
Pain and inflammation
Painful menstruation


Low progesterone during this “luteal” or “moon phase” of one’s menstrual cycle is referred to commonly as PMS.   During this PMS time of the month low progesterone and normal or high estrogen levels create the typical pattern of “estrogen dominance,” with weight gain, water retention, breast tenderness, mood swings and nag nag nag crabbiness.  

Most of the western divorces are due to a clinical condition, which could have been easily solved..  Will you disown your mother because she has a clinical condition ?

Several days after the full moon, the estrogen level drops rapidly and progesterone begins to take over.  The dark phase of the moon is associated with the lowest levels of estrogen and progesterone. The body sheds the excess uterine lining,  resulting in menstruation. What was built up is now broken down and released.  

During this phase, a woman turns inward, emotionally and physically.  She has less interest in outside matters and craves sleep.  Women have NO idea that they can be psychics at this segment of time,  if they can connect to the cosmic force of the moon.

The term Natal Lunar Phase Fertile Time refers to the angle between the sun and the moon when you were born.  Each month when the moon returns to this same position (as it was on the day of a woman’s birth) it can trigger her body to spontaneously ovulate even if this time occurs outside her normal midcycle fertile time. Now it may not always do this, but the potential is there.

Your personal lunar phase is repeated every month when the moon is in the exact position in relation to the sun as it was at the time of your birth.

If your cycle doesn’t match with the moon’s, keep your bedroom dark until your cycle matches the moon’s cycle.  What most doctors don’t know is that the moon can trigger ovulation during other phases of her menstrual cycle.  This phenomenon is called "lunar fertility".

On the other hand if women with too long and irregular menstrual cycles sleep with a bright natural light bulb beside them from days 13 to 17 of their cycles will shorten , as it has happened from an average of of 46 days to 32 days. 

Before the invention of electricity melatonin production would have increased at the full moon, when more light would have reached the pineal gland at night.   Lower production of the hormone would coincide with the darkness surrounding the phase of the new moon. The changes in melatonin production, with the help of other hormones tell the ovaries when to release an egg. 

When living in the lap of nature without electricity, the full moon gave more light at night, and menses would have occurred near the darker part of the month, around the new moon when there was less light. However, in modern times with so much electric light pollution, there is little variance in how much night time light reaches our eyes over the course of a month.

Because of this women now ovulate and give birth at varying times during the lunar cycle.  The pineal gland in her brain sends messages to her ovary, by hormones, to release an egg based on the amount of light her brain senses in the night when she is asleep. 

At the point of most light in the night, the full moon, she is programmed to ovulate. Moonlight makes women feel horny and receptive to sex.  During the waning Moon, higher progesterone prepares the womb for the possibility of new life.

Digression:

I remember a very good cook cum baker joined my ship.  He has sailed with me before and I just loved his morning buns and bread. 

However he started making sh#t bread certain times of the month.

There were 4 wives on board including mine .  Being the Captains wife , I never allowed my wife in the galley.

The 3 junior officers wives used to cook in the galley at night for pleasure ( the west fish for pleasure not to eat ) .

The cook was at a loss why his bread had problems in rising. One day he approached me to change the yeast. 

So I took out a peive of A4 size paper and wrote on it-

NO COOKING BY OFFICERS WIVES DURING HER PERIODS . 

The cook went to the galley and pasted it on the bulkhead. 

After that , the bread never failed to rise.  It is NOT about the smell , as the bread is inside the oven. It is the energy – the scalar longitudinal frequency when the uterine lining is being sloughed off .

This is what gives a woman psychic energy.

 The Indians in North and South Americas knew about this, as they would NOT be allowed to accompany the hunting team.


STOP PRESS :

This post is NOT even 50% over, within 9 hours 21,221 people have downloaded it,  to this second. 

I faced flak  ( TEEE HEEEE ) from some HI FI henpecked MEN and battle axe WOMEN , who believe that Indian women should NOT fast for their husbands.

All these MEN and WOMEN must read my post below -- it is about a nice vegetable.

Read what I have written about bulls and rabbits—fried eggs and coffee.

This is wisdom .  


No woman will respect her man when he cannot deliver,  where and when it matters the most.

No --I am NOT being snide.

Punch into Google search-


 MURINGAKAI , QUANTUM MEDICINE AND HAPPINESS TREE VADAKAYIL



SINCE ALL CHUTNEY MARY’S AND PICKLE JOHNS CONSIDER THAT  MY WIFE IS MY SLAVE,  I MUST RECOUNT A TRUE INCIDENT.

my wife picked up a virus at the antwerp zoo, nearly 3 decades ago.

she did NOT want to sign off,  though she had a swelling under her ear -- as the ship was coming back to india from USA, Canada.  I tried to send her back home from Venice, she refused.

and in those days there was an anchorage of 3 weeks at congested mumbai port .

by the time the ship reached mumbai she was in great pain due to a large cold abscess and in a real bad state with high fever , with weight loss .

i took my ship inside harbor without port permission,  instead of routine anchoring at outer anchorage.

the mumbai port went into a tizzy, here was a captain bringing his ship in on his own , without pilot, without any space in inner anchorage. 

they made threats galore 

we will do this we will do that.  we will bite your fuc#kin' head off,  with balls too-- for good measure

my company SCI called me up on VHF and asked me what the hell is happening , so I let them know.

i have a patient on board and she happens to be my wife.

SCI was powerful. 

they arranged for a swift launch to put her in mumbai breach candy hospital .  

and just when she was about to disembark,  mumbai port told me that a berth is being vacated  ( an SCI ship at berth was getting thrown out to outer anchorage ) and we have jumped the queue. 

a pilot boat appeared and anchored my ship plumb in the channel.

you see SCI had their own private leased berths, with priority for US dangerous cargo.

so i got off with in the launch with my wife, i told my chief officer , "you are captain till a new captain takes charge".   

we went straight to breach candy.

on the way i got the SCI doctor to write a letter of recommendation .

the SCI doctor was an ordinary MBBS guy , but because of the HUGE business he gave breach candy hospital , with 145 ships ,  old 100 times more qualified doctors used to give him three bags full of SIRs .

my wife was treated better than what amitabh bachchan would have been --just by that SCI doctor’s recommendation letter .  

all were tripping over each other in the hospital.  i was even waived the mandatory entrance fee.

how did I wrangle that letter ?-

pray ?

am I LORD fuc#kland?

when my container ship went to USA,  all other SCI ships used to take 2 tugs.  These tugs are expensive and come in thousands of dollar per hour, those days.

i used to manage without any tugs.  in such scenarios the yank pilot will tell the captain to use his skills and berth/ unberth.  and i was a very young and inexperienced captain.

i used to make the container cargo stow, for my stow was always better than the professional Yank captain , employed by SCI.

I remember , I used to look at his cargo stow for exactly 20 seconds—have an image of it in my mind. 

Then I would throw back his coloured stowage plan,  with the SCI shore captain (watching with pride) , and tell him—


this is wrong, that is wrong – be done—we have to incur shifting charges, we will get dead freight, we will get broken stow we have to reject containers, incompatible dangerous cargo IMDG, cant put the hold beam over the FEU,  it will not be possible to hook on the juice to the reefer container , cannot be stowed under deck ,  etc

If anybody is interesting in knowing the science behind this— punch into google search

SPEED READING VADAKAYIL.

considering the amount of money i have saved for the company, this SCI resident bossman (now transferred to Mumbai to a very high chair ) , made a personal call to the SCI doctor-- to it--or else.

 later he drove me to the doctor's house himself, so that I can express my gratitude  !!!

while in USA this senior resident SCI captain used to keep a FREE car at the gangway for me and my wife, in every single US port.  The US agents told me, that it has never happened for other captains –never ever never.

before i left the ship , i mustered my chief steward.  do what you must do—customs , black gang , whatever—get the bonded locker open

exactly at 5 PM, I will come to indira RED gate , and i want to see you there with a bag.  

in that bag i want three bottles of liquor.  a royal salute scotch , a blue label johnny walker scotch and a single malt old glenfiddich bottle.

as if on cue,  i could see the old bengali guy there standing at Indira Gate Mumbai  like a chameleon much before 5 pm..

i took the bottles and went to the posh home of the TRIPLE FRCS, FICS , blah blah A to Z qualified senior surgeon at malabar hills.

i told him, this is my wife.  i want her to go under the knife as soon as the biopsy is done under your direct personal charge. only you can give orders 

this surgeon literally drooled over the bottles , as he was educated in UK.   he tells me " captain i know the value of these bottles " .

and then he made several calls to breach candy hospital 

DO THIS --  I WANT THIS -- I  WANT THAT—I DON’T FU#KIN' CARE—  MAKE IT HAPPEN EL PRONTO  OR I'LL  DUMP YOU IN THE NORTH SEA -- BLAH BLAH .

my wife never knew about the letter and them bottles.

she was wondering why everybody was treated her like a VVIP.  

couple of doctors were whispering , she is a VVIP patient.  My wife could always hear what I could never hear.

Then I went to SCI office and demanded to be relieved of command .

The personnel dept gen manager immediately tells me ,” NO way !”

He was a captain himself.

So I told him “ Now, I will make sure , YOU will relieve me and take over command of my ship . Wanna have a bet “

This man was a TOP CAT.   

rajesh pilot, the union minister of shipping used to stay in his house when he came to Mumbai with rama pilot.  
he had wrangled the best SCI flat in Mumbai because of this .

Seeing the FIRE in my eyes,  this tough man broke, he literally shat in his pants—and I could see hum running up and down the 3rd floor of SCI office , at madame cama road.

He had a gut feeling that slave capt ajit vadakayil was stronger than caesar-- his BEADY eyes saw me right..

indeed I was a blue eyed boy . 

the chairman of SCI ( a political post ) used to write to me asking for my opinion on various matters .  this chairman’s post is so powerful that he has his own lift— for the 23 storey building.

nobody dared to go anywhere near his office.

An OLD 60 year old captain on leave was pulled out of his bandra house.  I heard him imploring loudly “ I have lost my passport”.

i guess he threw it away or maybe hid it .

powerful SCI produced a new passport for him before the ship sailed, the next evening.  and indeed he took over command from me .

getting back--

just before my wife went under anaestesia , my wife demanded that I must remove her mangalsutra NOT the nurse.  

when she came to , the first thing she wanted was that the mangalsutra be put back with my own hands. 

one young female surgeon suddenly cried. She could NOT be consoled.

I don’t know why.

after the surgery, i called up the doctor and with his permission took her to a private place in mumbai , though they never allow that, it was against hospital insurance rules of post care .

the senior surgeon at malabar hills wanted to change her dressings himself every 3rd day--  i was in Mumbai for 24 days.

the first day i head a loud SLAP-- and heard the doctor crying " you cant do that".

i went running headlong in to his private clinic at his flat,  like usian bolt.

his junior doctor tells me that my wife has slapped the senior surgeon while he was attending to her--and all including 2 nurses were in a state of SHOCK.

the doctor admitted that he was a bit too harsh, while removing the old bandage.  

you see normally the nurses and the young sidekick doctor would have done it, but see he has to pay the KARZ for them 3 nice bottles. So he decided to renew his bandage skills he acquired 4 decades ago as a student.

so i broke the ice—

serves your right doctor-- next time don’t be a butcher, be a bit more considerate and all broke into laughter -- with my poor wife in  deep embarassment.   she explained it was NOT intentional , just a reflex action

on the 24 th day, this senior doctor did NOT want to charge me at all .  after lot of coaxing he accepted 50% payment.  that was indeed a fortune.

he told me that he had a grand party with those 3 bottles with his most valuable clients and freemason colleagues. and all appreciated his taste in good liquor.

i am sure he would have refilled those empty bottles with DESI whisky for many years.

till today my wife does NOT know why she was treated like madame fu#kland in the hospital. –  all it took was  a recommendation letter and 3 nice daru bottles.

but i do remind her once in a while , that i fed her every day.

the fare used to be mostly curd with rice .

we call it PAACHORU in kerala.

so sometimes when i am in a frisky mood, i will even wake her up in her sleep, and ask "who fed you with PAACHORU?"

she would whisper "YOU" in her sleep -- and go back to sleep with a dreamy smile on her face.

the last time i asked her was 16 days ago.

SEE A TRUE STORY WHICH WOULD HAVE NEVER BEEN TOLD, CAME TO LIGHT BECAUSE OF THESE JEALOUS WANNABE GORA, PICKLE JOHNS AND CHUTNEY MARY'S 

Below : How to make a millionaire surgeon drool.






One of the comments by an old lady in a saree, is “ can I make coffee instead of tea” –meant to be sarcastic .
Considering her age , I spared her.  Madame next time I will tell you something else , and drag you by your nostrils to China Town -- if I sense sarcasm .

Now coffee reminds me of something.

It is a sea going tradition that when the captain goes on the bridge in darkness hours , the officer on watch will offer to make him a cup of hot coffee ( basically to chicory boost his alertness for traffic ).

If the Captain goes in the day time too, even for a bull session, the officer on watch would still offer him a coffee.

I must admit that the best coffee is made by my Russian officers.

They took a long time over this. They would never use instant Nescafe, but had some method using filters etc on ground coffee .

It was divine.

So one day my Moldovan Chief Engineer ( bless him,  he was such a good friend, would tell me his most intimate secrets ) told me a true story.

See I am digressing far away from female menstrual secrets.

There was this old man in his village who made excellent coffee.

One day it was sort of known to all,  that he was sinking and will NOT last another sunrise.

So one dimwit cried “ Let us extract his secret of making such good coffee. It must NOT die with him. It will be a national loss “

So they all made a beeline to this man’s home , from the town hall.

Several attempts to get an answer from the dying man failed— as he kept his eyes tightly shut.

Suddenly he opened his eyes, laughed aloud and uttered his last words  “PUT MORE COFFEE “ —and kicked the bucket --nay- passed away – just like that.

TEE HEEEEE !

I would have put a amazing secret way to produce male children in this post — now I shall not.  I have two sons , remember?


For I see that women want daughters to fight their liberation battles.  

So this information is now LOST forever.   GONE !   

See cosmic forces are at work.

Most Hindus observe fast on Purnima, the full moon day .  

Only after a whole day of fasting, prayers and a dip in the river do they take light vegetarian food rich in Magnesium at dusk .

It is ideal to fast on full moon and new moon days ( Amavasya ) as it reduces the acidic content in our system, slows down the metabolic rates, increases endurance. This restores the body and mind balance. Praying  helps in centering your body, mind and soul.

It is better NOT to use energy for digestion during this particular 24 hours. The high energy of the full moon gives the body a chance to do deep  cleansing. During the Amavasya there are many more negative ions in the atmosphere, which is good for neutralizing free radicals .  

People again choose to fast on new moon day to allow the body as much energy as possible to deep cleanse.

The moon has great affinity for sodium. I am sure stupid Darwin and his monkey gang did NOT put sodium in the oceans. 

At a macro level the rivers and estuaries are flushed by sodium laden sea water at every high tide. What happens at a micro level is sheer magic.

The 4 electrolytes – sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium – form a kind of dance over 24 hrs called the day-night shift.  

Magnesium and potassium live normally within the cell, and sodium and calcium are found outside. 

During the day sodium invades the cell, taking a hydrogen ion with it, which is acidifying. In order to buffer this acidity, which is toxic to the cell, calcium also moves in. This has the effect of displacing potassium and magnesium which is shoved out of the cell.

At night due to the effect of the moon, the opposite takes place and potassium and magnesium move back into the cell, pushing out the calcium and sodium, which takes the hydrogen ion with it.

This has the effect of cleansing the cell, so you should wake up bright and refreshed. When the body is not cleansing properly, this process is impaired and instead you wake up tired and lethargic.

There is a higher sodium content in the cell, therefore a higher hydrogen (acidifying) content, and as water follows sodium in the body, the water content of the cell starts to swell.

So the cell is under pressure from high acidity – so it pulls in more calcium, which displaces more magnesium causing an imbalance. The moon-pull is much gentler than the sun-push. 

Only if conditions are right within the body can the moon pull the sodium back across the cell membrane, thus making way for the Magnesium to exert a gentle push with the potassium, so that they go back to their rightful position, which is inside the cell. 

Sodium and potassium are essential dietary minerals and electrolytes. They dissociate into ions (charged particles) in solution, making them capable of conducting electricity. Normal body functioning depends on the right regulation of sodium and potassium both inside and outside of cells. 

Sodium is the principal ion in the fluid outside of cells, while potassium is the principal ion in the fluid inside of cells. Sodium concentrations are more than ten times lower inside than outside cells, and potassium concentrations are about 30 times higher inside than outside cells.

Estrogen dominance is a condition where estrogen operates in the body without sufficient amounts of progesterone to balance it.  So estrogen dominance and progesterone deficiency, can be used interchangeably.


Many ( management quota 85 lakh donation party )  doctors have failed to recognize this and quietly send their women patients to the psychiatrists , who put their hooks on to them.  Just because the girl is NOT taking bath , is she mad?

Easy money. 

And this is a one way trip to hell for the poor girl.

Then these poor females are put through anti-depressants like Prozac or medicines for OCD, all of which has vicious side effects. This is why the girls must be very careful if telling the gynecologist about every symptoms she has and her menstrual history, delayed periods etc .

And take second opinions too.

It is sad to see a healthy girl whose estrogen / progesterone balance went out of whack being declared as suffering from OCD..

I am sure you know, especially mothers whose darling girls have been sent to greedy psychiatrists ,  what I am saying is 100% true. All the girl was suffering from was a estrogen-progesterone disorder , which is NO big deal.

Progesterone deficiency signs and symptoms should be taken quite seriously, when a women needs to conceive a child. 



The symptoms are often curable together with a simple 2% over the counter progesterone cream,  like what that air hostess did while flashing –

ERRR –

OOPS— 

-- she did NOT flash OK  , and I saw NOTHING ,  no bullet nipples--

-- there was no see through crotchless panty display - OK  !



 I don’t want my wife to kick mE ass.

So many autistic children on this planet .

Most  could have been avoided with just some knowledge about female hormones, and avoiding unwanted medications pushed by the evil pharma and the medical reps..

The 2% progesterone cream is pretty harmless , the progesterone pills are synthetic and has side effects.



Simple stress , disappointment in bed,  excessive sugars ingestion,  consuming processed foods, A1 toxic milk of humpless cow, hormone laden meats , GM wheat gluten, decrease in thyroid endocrine, and progestin found in birth control pills are just few elements that can cause low progesterone manufacturing in our genteel ladies.

Hormonal changes can affect any woman's emotive and mental state in real extreme.  Several signs are usually anxiousness, depression, intense mood swings, frustration, short fuse and difficulty in sleeping , I give a damn attitude (which makes them neglect personal hygiene ), shouting at parents,  hitting mother out of frustration of her boyfriend neglecting her  etc . 

When a girl has any of these above symptoms, just don’t take her to a psychiatrist, and destroy her life. 



Take her to a REAL doctor who  got into a medical college on merit ( and NOT 85 lakhs donation to private medical college ) from Dubai / USA in NRI dollars.  90 % chances are she has a simple hormone imbalance .








Indian women do NOT have progesterone deficiency due to fresh Turmeric daily onslaught via the curry.

After the Karva Chauth fast, the woman eats a veggie meal rich in magnesium.



Magnesium is important to break down excess estrogens Make sure you have good levels of magnesium as it can can help the balance of estrogen and progesterone.

You require magnesium to manufacture progesterone and a lack of it means you won't be able to manufacture progesterone.  

Magnesium is the master molecule of the human body and is needed in over 300 different process the body performs. It is the catalyst of life. Lack of Magnesium impacts our cell’s efficiency and duration of its useful life. 

The main reason for magnesium deficiency in the human body is stress, as stress causes Magnesium to be flushed out through the urine or bowels . Deficiency of magnesium causes the body to accumulate toxins, degenerate quickly and premature aging leading to a host of other diseases.

Magnesium is essential for proper electrical and neurotransmitter function in the brain.  It help prevents cognitive decline and improve brain plasticity to better deal with stress and anxiety. Diuretics can cause Magnesium deficiency. Coconut water is an excellent health drink.   It has Calcium 2%, Magnesium 9%, Potassium5%.   

Magnesium compounds keep calcium in solution.  If you are deficient in magnesium, you can get kidney or gall stones that contain insoluble forms of calcium.  Magnesium activates the enzymes necessary for a number of physiological functions, including neuromuscular contractions, heart and cardiovascular function, and the regulation of the acid-alkaline balance in the body. Depression and anxiety can begin with an imbalance of calcium and magnesium. 

Too much calcium can contribute to depression and irritability, whereas magnesium helps your brain make the calming chemical called dopamine. Magnesium calms your emotions as well as your muscles.  

Serotonin is a natural antidepressant, but your brain needs magnesium in order to make serotonin.  Low serotonin production can cause a number of symptoms including depression, obsessive thinking, and anxiety. When you're under stress your body loses more magnesium than usual. 

Stress causes your adrenal glands to produce more adrenaline and other hormones, like cortisol, causing more magnesium excretion. When your magnesium is low, your adrenal glands produce still more cortisol, which in turn decreases your levels of DHEA, -- an anti-aging hormone . 

Magnesium regulates the enzyme that makes cholesterol. The body makes cholesterol for a reason. All steroid hormones that run our bodies (stress hormones, sex hormones, and so forth) are ultimately made from cholesterol.  

Without magnesium there is no energy, no movement, no life. It is that simple.  Magnesium permits a small amount of calcium to enter a nerve cell, just enough to allow electrical transmission along the nerves to and from the brain, then forces it back outside. Even our thoughts, via brain neurons, are dependent on magnesium.  Cell death - cardiac necrosis is the result of a systemic shortage of magnesium.

Symptoms due to a lack of magnesium :
Early symptoms:
Apathy
Confusion
Fatigue
Insomnia
Irritability
Poor memory
Reduced ability to learn

Severe deficiency:
Delirium
Numbness
Seeing or hearing things that aren't there (hallucinations)
Tingling

STOP PRESS 2 

My time for undignified behavior is now over.

I am back to being mature and responsible, this is what 30 years as a ship captain can do to you.
However secret secret.

My DNA really never got reprogrammed.

On my ship every 3 weeks I hold a party.  I call this meditation via the back door.

I invite everybody to go wild, and let down their hair. They know that Captain will never sack a sailor who is the life of a party.  And that he was ill disposed towards SICK POULTRY stiff upper lipped wimps.

 If officers wives are present, they have to be decent, but still wild.  If ANY  get indecent , I will bleed HIM the next day.

I remember my cadet.  His father was in the personnel divison , and hence a KING MAKER, and he thought he was the cat’s whiskers.  

So when a popular request went to my attractive and young Jain Chief Officer’s wife, this boy of 19 yodels “ MEIN KYA KARRON RAM MUJHE BUDDHA MIL GAYA”.

The poor girl , newly married, who was so merry till then, immediately lost her joy de vivre-- like a crushed flower. Chief Officer was a gentleman.

Every body knew in an instant that the poor cadet will be called for “breakfast” with the Captain the next morning.  

You see my reputation precedes me always.

This involves Capt Ajit Vadakayil calling this cadet to his cabin, locking the door behind him, drawing blood from his nose by a simple Kalari tap , giving him a pep talk,  giving him a cold coke,  talking decent with him — and then letting him go-- BORN AGAIN ( via the back door ).

Punch into Google search-
MELTING EGO MEDITATION VIA BACK DOOR VADAKAYIL

Check out the first video, where we are dancing wild .

Do you think Manmohan Singh, Pranab Mukerjee , Advani, Sonia etc with the MPs of Parliament can ever dance this way along with the waiters and the attendants — bond and be merry ? 

NEVER !

They have too much ego, and negativity between them. 


Also listen to Erkin Koray — the man with the golden voice— in the video at the end of the above post .  There are many good singers,  but with impoverished voices.

By the way, I saw some chutney Marys and Pickle Johns discussing in their blogs why my wife is such a silent poor lamb.

I got to know this true story from my wife’s class mate who was with my wife right through school to college -- LKG to BA .  She had come to my house at Calicut with her husband for a 2 day holiday .

This is what she told me.

My wife was always a class leader and later on the school leader. Whenever the nuns at Auxilium convent, wanted to give a bad girl who was heading for hell , a good role model , it would be my wife.

These nuns , due to sexual repression were very MEAN.

They would NOT allow the girls to touch the walls, in as much as even while climbing the stairs they had to be in the middle with hands tucked in.

So that had this school march past in Mumbai.

When they went for a dress rehearsal for this republic day parade , with dozens of other schools, some boys jeered loudly when the Auxilium contingent marched past.

This was put to a debate, with my wife mediating , not like Arnab Goswami , who will push his opinion ahead of others, even as a debate moderator. I wish I had a tete a tete with this man on national TV. I can cure his self obsession in just 5 minutes.

One good lookin' Catholic girl ( most of the group were Catholics ) , cried copious tears and was disconsolate .

She was of ze humble but  firm  opinion that all other girls from other schools were smartly turned out, while the Auxlium girls were NOT.  

And to add to her woes hey boy friend was the leader of the hooting party.

When asked to be more objective—the girl said , that other school girls wore miniskirts, while Auxilium convent girls, wore their bottom hems 2 inches below the mangy knees.

So my wife took an instant decision.

Hundreds of safety pins would be procured- el pronto .  

As soon as the nuns left them alone , as the girls moved to the huge march past ground. Every girl would shorten the next girl’s skirt by folding it inwards and pinning with six pins, to observe thigh display parity with other school girls.   

They practiced it , so that they would do it in less than 2 minutes .

Mind you, my wife was the leader with the school flag.

The same rowdy boys clapped and whistled in appreciation when the real march past took place.

And all including the chief guest were wondering , what the fu#k happened . They thought that the Auxilium contingent would be the prettiest,  and indeed they were.



THE NUNS GOT WILD AND FROTHED FROM THEIR  MOUSTACHED MOUTHS AND PROBABLY THEIR PANTILESS  TWATS TOO, FOR GOOD MEASURE   — SURELY THERE IS NO PLACE IN HEAVEN FOR SUCH WANTON GIRLS.

Every girl was SEVERELY scolded , with my wife bearing the brunt , about how Jesus is so angry with them.  They felt let down that my wife who was a graceful role model , was in cahoots .

All the girls were arbitrarily suspended from school and their parents had to come the next day.

The parents had their own dress rehearsal.  Some of them were IAS, some police, some lawyers, some even MLA s and media giants .

The parents decided to go for scorched earth tactics--on the advise of a high court lawyer .

They would threaten to get the school shut down , by creating a stink in the media with demand for the PMS ridden head mistress nun to be sacked. 

Needless to say, the nuns had weak hearts and less faith in their Lord, when the chips were down .

The fall out was that my wife was sacked as the school leader - rather she declined the job .   

But when the annual prize distribution came, my wife got the most thunderous ovation, pissing off the holy , but MEAN nuns.

So poor wife of Capt Ajit Vadakayil—she does NOT have a mind of her own, she is a slave, she will be a bad mother in law,  right?

WRONG !


THERE ARE TOO MANY COMMENTS-

IF YOU WANT TO SEE THE ALL THE LATEST COMMENTS --

CLICK ON "LOAD MORE " BLUE WRITING AN THE BOTTOM".


I hasten to add that rubbing progestirone cream on the breasts as the air hostess did , will have its bad effects.  This topical cream will accumulate in the tissues. If a woman's breasts are sore she must know where the LYMPH nodes lie.

Punch into google search-

YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL

See this cream even has its effect on the thyroid.  Because a thyroid condition can be indirectly be caused by progestirone deficiency.

HORMONES ARE POWERFUL AGENTS IN EVEN VERY SMALL QUANTITIES.  

A GOOD QUALIFIED ENDOCRINOLOGIST CAN SAVE MANY GIRLS DECLARED MAD IN AN UNFAIR MANNER.   THE ASARAM GIRL IS JUST ONE OF THEM. 

IF YOU DECIDE TO SAVE INDIA, SEND YOUR SONS AND DAUGHTERS TO MEDICAL COLLEGE ON MERIT, TO BE A GOOD ENDOCRINOLOGIST.  

This doctor can even save morbidly obese people, who have lost the quality of their life and self esteem. Dieting and exercise can do NOTHING when your hormones are out of whack.  It is NOT about input ( food intake ) should be less than output ( exercise ) at the morons say.  

Have you ever seen a 40 year old Indian woman without a flab tummy?  Yes, some celebrities who go for liposuction often takes this flab away for 6 months .

 


Progesterone heightens intuition.  There is greater activity in the right love of the brain -- the subconscious part associated with intuitive knowing -- in weeks 3 and 4 of your cycle.

The vagina is very porous .  The lining of your vagina is one of the most absorbent parts of your body so if you use tampons during your period, it's really important they are bleach and dioxin free- never buy cheap brands—  when they pull out the used one, bleeding starts. 

This was NOT the fault of your body, but the fault of the cheap cottage industry tampoon.

Something for the womem's lib--who attacked Karva Chaut.----

When my ship berthed at a port in USA, I did NOT take tugs as usual.  

This means I save about 20000 USD, of those days value, 3 decades ago –for berthing and unberthing .

Sometimes the tugs just stand like vultures, like how claim or “out of court settlement” lawyers stand by ambulances and hospital emergency wards—they are called “ambulance chasers” and “ward combers”. 

So after my pre-arrival work was over , the US agent says “ Captain the owner of the tug company , a woman, wants to see you .  She is one of the most attractive and richest females in this neck of the woods. You surely want to see her ”

I said “ Muhammed will have to come to the mountain, tell her to get her ass on board – I am in conference“.

Then he pleaded “ Captain please – my car is at the gangway”.

Since I liked this agent- ( he gets a cut for tugs hired  ) I acquiesced.

When I went to her office , I was clean bowled.

She   sat on a throne—overlooking about 30 men who worked like drones. I could cut the atmosphere there with a knife.

I can do aura reading, and I could see that her ego filled the whole room.

The walls has stuffed faces of bears ( sorry tigers are only in India ) , and other wild animals.  Her desk had a HUGE piranha fish tank.



Seeing that I was admiring her stuffed animals , she declared in a most grandiose manner “ Captain , I shot all those animals “

So I asked her “ Dearie, did you go to Amazon river to fish these Piranha too?”



Then she got off her throne came down and shook my hand --- she squeezed my palm a bit too hard—sorry baby, now you shall receive your due.


The first thing she does is to give me 2 company captain caps with golden braid and 2 EXPENSIVE parker pens.

I looked her up and down, she has a VERY pretty face and body—in TIGHT jeans with deep cleft CAMEL TOE biting into her crotch , broad leather belt and cowboy boots.  



She had inherited this company form her late father.  

She had aggressively improved the company business –by being a GO GETTER.  

She GO GOT capt vadakayil, right?   Sidney Sheldon would have been proud.

I saw a HUGE brass plaque behind her throne.

She asks me seductively in a hypnotic voice-

So captain, you appreciate that plaque?

I read it out loud , so that all her 30 worker drones would get disturbed and look at us, with fearful eyes.

WHATEVER A MAN CAN DO , A WOMAN CAN DO TWICE AS WELL,  AND FOR HER IT IS NOT HALF AS DIFFICULT.

The agent knew what type hurricane was coming ,  for he winked at the men in the hall with a discreet THUMBS UP.

I put on a heavy Texan drawl “ Honey, you really wanna know”.

I said in a VERY loud voice “ Honey, sometimes I answer questions with a counter question--can you name any animal, bird or mammal , where the female gender is more strong, intelligent and beautiful than the male gender?”

“Think over it , I will give you ONE year –see I am a kind guy “

I could hear her brain creak , and the the agent and the 30 men sniggered loudly

PRR PRRRR BBBBBRRRRPPP—

TEEEE HEEEEEEEEE !

This woman face first turned red then white . She just turned and drove away in her sports car –with a screech of wheels.

Everybody came and lifted me up and carried me around the office.

This was REAL fuc#kin’ catharsis for them.

The agent asked me “ Captain, are you happy that I brought you here?  You are the only guy on this planet who could fix that vulgar queen bee , who tortured all these men with extreme sadism .  I have been watching you for a long time .  Only Capt Ajit Vadakayil can deliver when needed  ”.


################

One reader has commented about a woman claiming  she is happy NOT to be married, after reading my KARVA CHAUT post. 

I am touched like bharjen—nay-virgin-  Madonna.

Hey, Venkat  —this is a classic case of SOUR GRAPES.

There are hundreds of such REJECTED USED WOMEN like the girl in the poem below.

It is the true story of my handsome colleague, who slit his wrists 3 times , unable to handle the diabolical games of his wife. 

After 2 years of marriage , she left him for a film producer who promised to make her a Bollywood actress, and she was indeed beautiful. 

She forced him to sign the divorce papers , as soon as he landed up in his house after a hard contract on a ship.  The previous 2 contracts she sailed with him on the ship.  

He was removing his shoes , after touching his mother's feet , when she thrust the divorce papers before him- -and commanded him " Sign here!" . 

When he tried to reason with her , as they dated for 6 years before marriage, she threatened to throw his mother in jail for dowry harassment and attempted bride burning.  

She had it all worked out, with the rich film producer's connivance.

Later , after 14 months , she came back weeping and grovelling on her knees , and asked him to remarry her -- the Bollywood film producer just USED her from all 3 orifices for a year -- if you know what I mean... 

--  she was NO longer beautiful and has developed CORTISOL created eye bags,  big paunch and as$,   with poor hygiene ..

My friend had just recovered from depression . He showed her the three scars on his wrist and asked her " What would you do , if you were in my place".  

Men don't go on TV and tell such sob stories. 

Or maybe "mental whip lashes" are less painful than "bottom FUCKIN' pinching" !!

Why is it that all hate shrew mother-in-laws?   Father -in-laws are loved and respected all over the world for his large heartedness and understanding !! pray?

Below : The real face of a women's liberation President suffering from PMS , fat and ugly inside and outside.



I remember the days , you threw your love on me strong

I was the typical sailor on shore leave— full of life

You were eager to walk with me,  on the wild side

You kept pouring love into my heart

Till I looked at you,  with eyes of love

It was love on a two way lane

Remember those seven day weekends

When we ate nothing but soul food

 Then came the shipping recession, and my world crumbled

King Midas in reverse , I was in the middle of a heart ache

Slowly , but surely, you drifted away when I needed you the most

You had no use for knights in rusty armour

I tried dancing some more with you, on the jagged edge

Though I knew well , that it takes two to tango

I still remember the night you called it a day

Even while I desperately tried lighting candles in the rain

I cried all the way home—yes , sailors do cry!

 You broke my heart in more places than I could ever find out

I had nobody to help me pick up the broken pieces

There was no sunshine for long after you left

It was permanent rainy season for my heart

My lips smiled , my eyes never did

I lived in a daze , in a black and white world

Sometimes I wondered, where all the flowers had gone

Yes baby, I loved you so much , it hurt ed

My friend hastened to tell me “ you need a vacation from love!’
  
Then my bewitching new love waltzed into my life

She knew all, but let me be her third world country

Her kisses were sweeter than wine

She had the chord of my heart go TWANG!

Let me tell you, you are nobody till somebody loves you

She wove my broken dreams and got me hummin’ again

Then BANG came the shipping boom, out of the blue

King Midas on overdrive, I became all over again

My cup of happiness overflowed like never before

 Now you are on the other side of goodbye

You are just another faceless person in the crowd

“No parking for you” says the road signs in my heart

Now I can give you anything , but love

I thank god , you could not draw my well of love dry

Our love ghosts tango no longer

Our song has ended , the melody does not linger

My lovely dream weaver owns this heart, I once hung up for you

Please don’t talk about me , now that I am not yours


Let me UP the ante —  without as much as “by your leave “ –  for I give a damn for them dissident Chutney Marys.

In Mahabharata Prince Sakuni was from the Kingdom of Balochistan and whole of Afghanistan .  His beautiful elder sister princess Gandhari had a phobia of the dark and she would be terrified of darkness . 

Kandahar in Afghanistan was named Gandhari before. 
 .
Bhishma  proposed the marriage of Gandhari with blind king Dhritarashtra.

Below: Sanjaya teleports and gives blind king Dhritarasthtra a blow by blow account of the war.



Sankuni was terribly upset and he knew that his elder chaste sister would tie a blindfold over her eyes , and would die a thousand deaths , every minute of her life .

Yet never did Gandhari complain.

When war broke out Gandhari suddenly cried out in anguish  “ I am as much afraid of this war, as this endless darkness “.  

This was her only utterance of her suffering.



And being a loyal wife she took her sword and wanted to go to war, to protect her Kaurava sons.

Hey, venerable Chutney Marys  – can you match up to this Bharatiya Nari ?

TUT TUT - How can you?  

You lie with your eyes  SHUT dreaming of someone else ,  during love making with your own husband , right?

Below:  Unable to see her dying son -- one last time!!!









Now let me UP the ante without as much as “by your leave” to them dang dissident Pickle John doctors.

Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn “healing” which is today known as Reiki, before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem with his Malayali wife Mary Magdalene. 

My wife is one notch above a Reiki grandmaster.   My elder computer nerd son in USA who falls in the Mensa category,  does NOT take medicines.   He just calls up his mother if he has a headache .

My wife has cured several people of Cancer.  The last being one of her own class mates husband ( her class mate from LKG to BA ).

There are people who keep her photo in the puja room.  When doctors have given you just 3 days to live, and then out of desperation you clutch the last straw and it works for you , well—

My wife MAY write a book on Reiki before she dies.

So if you want your FAT and ugly Chutney Mary wives with gargantuan bellies, asses and PMS to have some self esteem , punch into Google search-

REIKI AND WEIGHT MANAGEMENT.

There is NO need to add Vadakayil. 

Vadakayil will be the new age "Britannica without deceit."

And don’t trust Albert Einstein when he says , nothing can travel faster than light.  Reiki waves pass through the earth faster than light.

Even his E=MC2 is lifted from the Vedas,  who in 5000 BC was the first to talk about that energy can be converted to matter, and the power of consciousness ( quantum double slit experiment ) .

Vibhuti ash matter produced in palm  spewing energy , is a fall out of this. There is NO need to believe all this .

When the nuclear bomb was first burst , all the Mensa scientists discarded their Bibles , started reading Bhagawat Gita and wrote in their wills that they want to be cremated , NOT buried.

For this was already written 7000 years ago. The power of the nucleus within an atom. 

The power of vacuum in an atoms in which the electrons whiz around ( brahmAn -god ) has NOT yet been discovered though written in our Vedas 7000 years ago..  

This power of empty space ( Aakasha ) can boil off the entire Pacific ocean in minutes.  

So this scalar power ( the astras of the gods ) makes nuclear power , the dirt under the finger nail, right?

Nikola Tesla refused to give this knowledge to the evil planet earth's Zionist  denizens, when Rothschild agent JP Morgan went after his as$. 

Tesla died with this secret in his head.  With this scalar energy you can boil of entire oceans in minutes.

HOW MANY OF YOU SO CALLED BRIGHT CHARACTERS HEARD OF NIKOLA TESLA. 

HIS NAME WAS DELETED FROM WORLD HISTORY AS PUNISHMENT BY ROTHSCHILD.   

NIKOLA TESLA GAVE THIS PLANET AC ELECTRICITY. EDISON DID NOT INVENT IT.

Punch into Google search-

EDISON, ACE DELEGATOR CUM PATENT COLLECTOR VADAKAYIL

AND TRY BLASTING OFF THE MOON --  THIS PLANET WITH ALL ITS DENIZENS WILL DIE A VERY PAINFUL DEATH.

SO KARVA CHAUTH AND MOON -- WHAT THE FU#K, RIGHT?

I wont reveal any more secrets about the moon.  See cosmic forces have spoken -- and I am NOT delusional. 


Sometimes when I write a secret, and if the computer server goes off in a fortuitous manner ,  I do NOT write about that matter  again.  This  is gone forever,  for these are SIGNS..

Wanna call me delusional and superstitious ?   Wanna do character assassination ? 

Be my guest !!

They laugh when we Hindus chant OM.  

But quietly they have mirrored it as AMEN,  SHALOM, 786,  OMKAR etc  – which does NOT work.   

All these SINGLE messiah man made religions with single holy book ( sans conscience and consciousness ) , sprouted from Hinduism.





This reminds me:

Mandrake was about to gesticulate hypnotically.

The effin’ villain, put a mirror in front of him.  


To the pickle John who POOH POOHED the concept of Hindu curse.

In the ancient days when the Maharishis had 12 strand DNA, they would curse you when you did ch00tiyagiri.

It happened in a small Kerala town a few years ago.

The pujari of the temple was a very old Namboodiri.   

While he was about to finish his day and go home from the temple , a young practical joker locked him from outside.

The sanctum sanctorium does NOT have windows —and the door is shut when the pujari goes home, to protect the jewels inside.

It was a dark rainy night.

All his shouts were unheard. He lived alone as his wife was no more..

By morning he was forced to sh#t and pee in the holy sanctum.

Then because of the stink he vomited many times, got dehydrated and puked several times .

When the local devotees came in the morning, they found the pujari almost unconscious. They cleaned him up and revived him.

The first thing he did was to CURSE the man who had done this. 



It did NOT take long to find out the culprit, as he was totally debilitated from that day onwards, and could not walk , could NOT control his bowels while on the bed.

So—laugh come on, laugh loud.

Be my guest –you dorks.

If blessing works, curse also works.

These pickle Johns and Chutney Marys ridicule Shiva as a corpse eater— one Jewess Nina Paley, has created art where Vishnu is massaging Laxmi’s feet.

This ugly woman is the heroine of our Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys. All Western foreign embassies invite her to cocktail dinners.

WANNA KNOW THE GREATEST WISDOM OF THIS COSMOS ?

THE GREATEST EVER— WHICH KEEPS THIS UNIVERSE ALIVE ?


ARE YOU READY FOR IT ?

Punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

 

Above: Assisted abundantly by desh drohis like Amish Tripathi,  Lord Shiva is now converted by the white man as a MORTAL living in the graveyard, eating dead corpses-- barbecue hot .  

After reading the DVAITA VEDANTA post above --what do you think?  Who is Lord Shiva-- a mortal or a GOD , a cosmic force .

I said “ Have you ever seen a 5 or 7 star hotel with bright artificial white fluorescent lighting like an Irani restaurant in Mumbai?”

And this made them confused.

I did NOT care to explain it to them, NOR will I care to explain it now.

It is about MOON light, the pineal gland, the neuroendocrine signal generated by the photoreceptor cells of the human body tissues.  


You need to be cerebral. 

Pea brained CM / PJ will never understand it.

Punch into Google search-

OLD SEA DOG VADAKAYIL

DON’T MISS MY SELF INTRODUCTION IN THE POST ABOVE !

Let me out in a few of my T shirt logos.



ANYONE ELSE WANTS SOME MORE? 

IS THAT YOUR BEST? 

YOU BLEED BETTER THAN YOU SHOOT

DON’T SERMON TOO MUCH WHEN I AM AROUND 

I USED TO BE INDECISIVE –NOW I AINT TOO SURE

CAREFUL DUDE—LEST I START AN ICE AGE TO MAKE YOU CHILL 

WANNA BUCKLE SOME MORE SWASH? 

COVER UP BEFORE MY PURITY

GUARANTEED TO MAKE YOU WISER—OR YOUR MONEY BACK 

WANNA ANALYSE MY ARMOURY ERE YOU SEND YOUR DECOY?

EVEN MAKING ME NOD IN AGREEMENT CAN BE FATAL FOR YOU –DUDE!

I CAN TASTE FEAR!

TIME TO MOVE ON— SO MUCH TRASH TO FIND

TOOL BOOTH OPERATOR ON YOUR HIGHWAY OF DESPAIR 

IF YOU DON’T KNEEL BEFORE MY WRATH—YOU WILL CERTAINLY, AFTER IT.

100 TRILLION CALCULATIONS PER SECOND—ON HOW TO KICK PRIME BUTT -- OF THEM DANG PJ / CM 


CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
..


For part two of this post -- punch into google search-
NAGGING, UNHAPPINESS AT HOME , DEATH OF MARRIAGE VADAKAYIL



Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


FINALLY CONCLUDED !!!!

CLICK ON LOAD MORE SO MORE COMMENTS AFTER THE 200TH COMMENT.

Below video:  listen with head phones - check out how bumpkin unhappy moth eaten Indian brown sahibs have become wanna be goras -- and how goras want to be part of our glorious Indian culture--check out the joy on their faces.. 
HIRANYAKASIPOOOOOO !!!!




7000 year old Vedic mantra 

Namas te narasimhaya praladahlada-dayine
Hiranyakasipor vaksah-sils-tanka-nakalaye
Ito nrsimhah parato nrsimho
Yato yato yami tato nrsimho
Bahir nrsimho hrdaye nrsimho
Nrsimham adim saranam prapadye
Tava kara-kamala-vare nakham adbuta-srngam
Dalita-hiranyakasipu-tanu-bhrngam
Kesava dhrta-nara-hari-rupa jaya jagadisa hare


I offer my obeisances to Lord Nrsimhadeva,who gives joy to Prahlada Maharaja and whose nails are like chisels on the stonelike chest of Hiranyakasipu. Lord Nrsimha is here and also there. Wherever I go Lord Nrsimha is there.  He is in the heart and is outside as well. I surrender to Lord Nrsimha,the origin of all things and the supreme refuge.  O Kesava! O lord of the universe! O Lord Hari who has assumed the form of a half-man, half-lion! All glories to you! With the wonderfully sharp nails on your beautiful lotus hands You have ripped apart the wasplike body of Hiranyakasipu.
********************************************************************
WHEN LOVE'S WAYS ARE BEYOND YOU - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Love and nostalgia is the only experience of man which transcends time.

When a girl peeps through her window curtains to have a glimpse of her beloved, she knows not how time flies.

Love transcends everything—age, religion, nationality, caste , creed – everything.

Love is unstructured while every other human relationship is structured.

When two hearts beat in resonance , you act silly and you don’t care for others.  

You don’t know when to stop it.

Love is an unconditional gift.

When a woman is in love her face radiates it -  for it comes for a deep source.  

She suddenly becomes beautiful —just like that— just because she returns your love.



The pain of love lasts a lifetime -- though love is like a fresh flower, and it fades soon and sure.




Below video:   Singer is Toshi .   He shoots a love dart into the female judge's heart.  Only good singers can do that !




Heere moti main na chaahoo
main toh chaahoo samgam tera
main toh teri saiyyan
tu hai mera ....saiyyan ... saiyyan

tu jo chhoo le pyaar se
aaraam se mar jaaoo
aaja chanda bahoo mein
tujh mein hi gum ho jaaoo ...
main ... tere naam mein kho jaaoo
saiyyan ... saiyyan

mere din khushi se jhoome gaaye raate
pal pal mujhe dubaaye jaate jaate
tujhe jeet jeet haaroo
yeh praan praan varoo
hay aise main nihaaroo
teri aartee utaaroo
tere naam se jude hai saare naate
saiyyan ... saiyyan

banke maala prem ki tere tan pe jhar jhar jaaoo
baithoo naiya preet ki
sansaar se thar jaaoo

tere pyaar se tar jaaoo
saiyyan ... saiyyan

yeh naram naram nasha hai...badhtajaaye
koi pyaar se ghungatiya deta udaaye
ab baawra hua mann
jag ho gaya hai roshan
yeh nayee nayee suhaagan
ho gayee hia teri jogan

koi prem ki pujaarun mandir sajaaye
saiyyan ... saiyyan
heere moti main na chaahoo
main toh chaahoo samgam tera
main na jaanu
tu hi jaane
main toh teri
tu hai mera
main na jaanu
tu hi jaane
main toh teri
tu hai mera
main toh teri ............ tu hai mera


I wish not  for riches
I wish only for your love
I’m yours, dear
you’re mine....saiyyan ... saiyyan (dear)

If you touch me now
i can die in peace- in love
Dear, walk into my arms
How I long to melt within you
I wish ... I could lose myself in your entirety
saiyyan ... saiyyan

my days are lively with joy - my nights sing
they make me lost every passing moment
I’ve lost myself as I win over you
Now I live just for you
I wish I could look at you forever
I wish I could worship your idol
All my relations begin with you
saiyyan ... saiyyan

I wish I could be a garland on your body  
I wish I could sail in the ship of love
Across the universe
I wish I could sail through this life in your love…
saiyyan ... saiyyan

This is soft warm feeling… and how its keeps rising
I wish there will be no veil over our love
My heart has now known madness
My world is now lit up
Like a new groom
I’ve become yours, my love

You adorn my temple with your love
saiyyan ... saiyyan
I wish not for riches
I just want you-
I don’t know how to say anymore
perhaps, you know…
All I know is that I am  yours alone -
And that you’re mine…
I just know that I’m all yours,
And you’re mine.
I know I’m all yours
And you’re mine, only mine…
********************************************************************
ALTAMAS KABIR , THE WORST CHIEF JUSTICE OF INDIA ? , MEANING OF THE TERM SUB JUDICE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
JURY SYSTEM ,  SUB-JUDICE ,  COMMANDER NANAVATI  AHUJA  SYLVIA CASE,  ROTHSCHILD BOLSHEVIK COMMUNIST AGENT  BLITZ EDITOR RUSSI KARANJIA -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Altamas Kabir, was Chief Justice of India for 9 months only. He was the 39th CJI, and is no great icon for some.

But in a short period of 9 months, he proved to be the worst Chief Justice of India as per general consensus among lawyers and judges by a proper poll .

Just weeks before he retired , he tried to trample on Dr Subramanian Swami .   

Who are you?” the Chief Justice Kabir thundered at Dr Swamy-- in Supreme court .

Dr. Swamy replied that he was a petitioner in person.

STOP PRESS-

Now Altamas kabir must know that Dr Swami was a professor at Harvard University in 1964 , when he was in a Calcutta school.  

Dr Swami was elected Member of Parliament 5 times between 1974 and 1999 and is well known.   

In 1990 Dr Swamy was a Cabinet Minister of LAW.   This was much before  Altamas Kabir became a Judge of Calcutta High Court on August 6, 1990.



Getting back-

I am asking you, who are you?” the judge Altamas Kabir snapped  “ You are not an advocate. You have no right to appear. You have no right to argue.  What will happen if any person on the road comes and says I want to argue.  You might have done it earlier, but we will not allow you.  You have no right to argue till I give you that right  ”

Before Dr Swamy could respond, Justice Kabir , losing his grace, asked him why he was sitting in the front row.

“You have no right to occupy the first row. Those chairs are meant for lawyers, not for litigants. You have no right to sit there.”



Swamy said if the bench felt he had no right to be in the court, he was willing to leave.

“I am not saying you can’t come to the court, but you have no right to occupy these chairs,” Justice Kabir said, pointing to the front row.

Swamy then said: “There is a collusion here.”

“Be careful about what you are saying,” Justice Kabir said. “What do you mean by collusion?”

Swamy stuck for words , clarified that he meant there was “some collusion outside. They (the Centre) had given an undertaking to Italy that they (the Italian marines) will not be awarded the death sentence”.

Dr Swami , the ex-law minister of India , then walked out , to a stunned audience – the honourable judge’s behavior was a bit too much.

Altamas Kabir retired on 18 July 2013.

On 19 October 2012, he granted bail to terrorist Syed Mohammed Ahmed Kazmi, arrested for his alleged involvement in the Israeli embassy vehicle blast case in which an Israeli diplomat's wife was injured.

Pronouncing the order, Justice Kabir said, “We are unable to appreciate the procedure adopted by the Chief Metropolitan Magistrate, which has been endorsed by the High Court and we are of the view that the appellant (Kazmi) acquired the right for grant of statutory bail on July 17, 2012, when his custody was held to be illegal by the additional sessions judge.”

On 18 July 2013, i.e. the day of his retirement, a bench headed by Justice Altamas Kabir has quashed NEET for Medical College entrance.

Supreme Court collegium had stalled Justice Kabir's move to appoint a SC Judge just before his retirement.   

And Dr Swami has the last laugh !

What is all this?  

Why bring Hindu Muslim one-upmanship in the Supreme court, the most respected institution of our nation?  

Altamas Kabir knows Dr Swami’s wife who did her PhD in Mathematics at Harvard , and is presently an advocate at the Supreme Court of India.


Most Supreme court lawyers and judges do NOT know the meaning of the term Sub-judice, as alleged by some lower court lawyers —



--- for it does NOT apply to India at all--

-- ever since the Commander Kawas Manekshaw Nanavati case of 1959 ( shot his wife’s secret Sindhi lover ) ,  when the JURY SYSTEM was abolished in India.



I have NOT yet seen anybody who knows , that this term SUB-JUDICE is NO longer applicable in India for the past half a century.   

How often you have head on TV , big cats , even an ex-CJI  coming on TV and saying on prime time, “ The case if SUB-JUDICE , I cannot comment “ ( or—you cannot comment  ).

Mr I Know It All Arnab Goswami does NOT know, neither does any single member of the main stream media,  the politicians – nobody !

Dr Subramanian Swami knows it !




As soon as CJI Altamas Kabir retired he went hammer and tongs against TIMES OF INDIA and THE INDIAN EXPRESS for lowering his image .

He vehemently objected to the canards , barbs and innuendos deliberately maligning "your honour". 

He took severe exception to the canard that -

“Gujarat Chief Justice had been denied a berth in the Supreme Court on account of my personal bias towards him because of his objections to my sister’s elevation as a Judge of the Calcutta High Court”.

And he also took double severe exception to the TOI report on 19th July, that he accused his own Judges ( collegium members ) of "ganging up" on him..   

Ex- Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir , clearly suffering from persecution mania also blasted his  successor CJI P Sathasivam and demanded an apology. 

In an exclusive interview to CNN-IBN, he denied any leak of the National Eligibilty cum Entrance Test judgment.


He moans “I'm being targeted may be because I'm no longer having control.  I'm certainly being targeted by certain sections ( read that as Hindus )

In an astonishing instance of transparency, the Prime Minister’s Office has confirmed having received a complaint against the former Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir, which it has forwarded it to the ministries of health and law for “appropriate action, if required.”.  

Does such a thing augur well for India, for our Supreme court must be respected at all costs.

In response to an RTI application by activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal, the PMO replied that a complaint by Delhi-based journalist Dr M Furqan was received on July 20 2013.

Furqan also sent his complaint demanding a probe into some of the judgements delivered by the bench headed by Justice Kabir to President Pranab Mukherjee, Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar, leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj and Aam Aadmi Party leaders Arvind Kejriwal and Prashant Bhushan.

 The five-page complaint refers to the majority judgement of the SC, delivered by a bench headed by Justice Kabir on July 18, a day before he retired, which scrapped the National Eligibility cum-Entrance Test for admission to MBBS, BDS and post-graduate courses in medical and dental colleges.




Advocate Prashant Bhushan alleged in an interview that the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test  -NEET- judgement was leaked from the chambers of ex-Chief Justice of India (CJI) Altamas Kabir to private medical colleges.  

Altamas Kabir denies it vehemently. 

What is all this?




Altamas Kabir that the NEET test had the effect of depriving the States, state-run universities and all medical colleges and institutions, including those enjoying the constitutional protection, of their right to admit students to MBBS, BDS and postgraduate courses as per their own procedures, beliefs and dispensations.  

So we Indians must continue going to doctors who got their MBBS by paying 85 lakh donation ( management quota is alledged to be easy if you convert to Christianity ) rather than merit.



The decision of SC to discontinue NEET left the students disappointed because the single window admission system of NEET offered transparency, exempted medical students from taking various entrance tests and exempted them from paying donation or capitation fees.

Altamas Kabir is the fourth Muslim to occupy the top position after Chief Justice M Hidayatullah, Chief Justice M Hameedullah Beg and Chief Justice AM Ahmadi.  It must be said that all previous Muslim CJIs  did well and and India is indeed proud of them.

Sahara group companies were ordered to refund Rs 24,000 Crores they had collected through optional fully convertible debentures, to SEBI with 15 per cent interest by November 30, 2012, since they had violated various regulatory norms .  This order came from the bench of Justices KS Radhakrishnan and Justice JS Khehar on August 31, 2012.

The judgment was undoubtedly a boost for SEBI in reinstalling its powers as a regulator in the market.   Subsequently a bench presided over by Altamas Kabir modified the judgment of August 31, 2012 by allowing SAHARA to pay the amounts in installments. 

It was a shocking incident for every  lawyer and judge in India.  We shall be hearing more soon.

Many legal luminaries came on TV and had criticized this order particularly because final order passed by one bench could not possibly be modified by another bench.   

Kya ho raha hai ?

The most brutal rapist ( in the Delhi bus ) was a Muslim minor, who inserted a steel rod in the rectum of the girl and twisted it causing her intestines to come adrift.


Chief Justice of India (CJI) Altamas Kabir , allegedly by media , remarked that these reports were merely the “hype” created by the media.  

Shocking ! .

“Till know, nobody knows what had exactly happened in the case. How can you say that the minor was the most brutal?  Stories terming the juvenile accused as the most brutal were only media hype. It was what people say about the incidence,”   the CJI Kabir told the press when specifically asked the theories coming up in the case.


Altamas Kabir rejected Gujarat chief justice Bhaskar Bhattacharya's sensational charges against him and said he had no hand in the elevation of his sister as a judge of the Calcutta high court. To be frank,  if she is eligible , why not ?  Why make an issue out of this ?


The wife of George Fernandes Leila Kabir is related by blood to Altamas Kabir.  Justice Altamas Kabir's wife Minna, is a Mangalorean Christian.

Like R stooge EVR Periyar,  Altamas Kabir ‘s  judicial philosophy is said to be influenced by German Jew  theorist Friedrich Nietzsche's "aristocratic individualism".

Punch into Google search-
HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE  VADAKAYIL

To find out who German Jew Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche is!  

Rothschild stooge  EVR Periyar’s constant cry “God is dead” is actually the  cry of Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche.

In a judgment in 2008, Altamas Kabir sent a husband to jail for driving his wife to suicide with taunts over her "dark complexion"--  gender divide at its best.   Are we to believe this ?

In 2007, Kabir dismissed the plea that activist Medha Patkar was working for foreign powers.  

We Indians know the source of her foreign funds and awards , including the Zionist Goldman award.  


We also know why she was in favour of the Jaitapur Nuclear Plant , in her own Konkan, while she is against Kudankulam.

We Indians know , why Kabir’s Muslim family  migrated to India from Faridpur Bangladesh where they held lot of land ,  while most of the  Indian Bengali Muslims fled to Bangladesh.  The grapevine is that Humayun Kabir decided to settle in India at the behest of his Hindu wife Shanti Kabir. 

Humayun the uncle of Altamas Kabir, was the Minister of State for Civil Aviation, Education Minister of India twice, under the Prime Ministership of Jawaharlal Nehru. 

I will leave this here .  

Let it be !

Before the Commander Nanavati case Indian courts had a Jury system.  

Parsi Nanavati killed his British wife Sylvia as she had a sexual affair with his rich and handsome Sindhi friend Ahuja.  Sylvia was deeply in love with Ahuja and was hankering to marry him.

The 8 member jury was influenced by bribes and immense propaganda by fellow Parsi Russi Karanjia’s newspaper tablet BLITZ.   

RK Karanjia converted sunset to sunrise,  night to day. He converted Nanavati to a Mills and Boons hero and Ahuja into the snake in the grass.  

Karanjia was trained by Rothschild in England to be a Bolshevik communist reporter..



See a man killed another man.  But the jury set him free by a 8-1 vote count.  Two Parsees , two Christians and five Hindus.  The judge was resourceful enough to take immediate charge and convict Nanavati.

Jury members were randomly selected from public . In the Nanavati case, the Jury was compromised.  

Jury members can be influenced by the press , TV or discussions in legislatures .

Now Indian jurisprudence has no jury system .  

Judges are totally independent and governed only by the law of the land . 

So why do still Indian press , TV and legislatures avoid discussion claiming the matter is "sub judice" ?

Answer—they are ignorant and stupid.


The Nanavati murder case was showcased by a Bollywood movie in 1973 , starring Vinod Khanna.   This intense movie about an extra marital affair and revenge murder has no songs.



In Porstmouth, England in 1949 an 18 year old English woman met a  24-year old Indian Navy commander  Kawas Nanavati.   He was an alumnus of the Royal Navy College in Dartmouth.

She could see that he was a blue eyed boy, as he worked for the High Commissioner ( later Defence minister ) Krishna Menon, as a military attaché to Britain, who had  friends in high places, including the family of then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru.  Indira Gandhi’s husband was Parsi. 


Nanavati had been awarded many medals for gallantry , almost all of them recommended by Lord Louis Mountbatten, whose wife was Rothschild.

After a brief period of courtship and romance Commander Kawas Nanavati proposed to Sylvia, and she gave her assent.

Soon they were married in England and then they went to Mumbai , which was a strange land with strange new people for the young Englishwoman.

Nanavati belonged to the elite social circuit , and all its glamour and dazzle unfolded before Sylvia who came from simple meat and potato trappings . On the social circuit, Sylvia was introduced to the handsome Prem Ahuja, a dashing rich businessman and his sister Mamie Ahuja.   

Prem,  Mamie Kawas and Sylvia became close friends and visited each other quite often.   Sylvia would often visit Ahuja in his home, where he lived with his sister.


The Nanavatis lived in Cuffe Parade.  Ahuja's  opulent and posh apartment building on Nepean Sea Road ( Jeevan Jyoti ) was in the most exclusive and affluent Malabar Hill neighbourhood. But there were those times when Kawas would be away for long on his naval duty.

Soon Sylvia felt the need for some romance .  Her sexual life was NOT exciting anymore and she was bored with three children. The long lonely days and nights were getting to her.

Soon she fell head over heels in love with Ahuja, who pampered her with expensive gifts. Ahuja was the life of every party and was an excellent dancer and all women loved to dance with him.

Nanavati noticed that his wife wore diamonds that he could NOT afford , neither could this lower middle class English girl.


Sylvia, by now wanted to marry Ahuja and was looking for a divorce from Nanavati . In 1959, Nanavati and Ahuja were both 34 years of age and Sylvia was 28.  Ahuja did NOT want to marry her unless she got a clean divorce from her husband.

One day on 18th April, Commander Nanavati came home without announcement from his ship INS Mysore.  He found a half  finished love letter from his wife to Ahuja, and his world fell apart. 

“…Don’t ever let me go, my darling and please don’t ever stop loving me. I do crazy things sometimes and can’t always show you how much you mean to me, but one day, my love, I will show you that you are more than life to me and dearer to me than anyone…” It was a long letter, every paragraph showing how much she loved.   

This letter was read out in court.  

Dozens of her feverish Mills and Boon love letters were produced by Ahuja’s  sister in court. She writes of her craving just to listen to his voice, to be held in his arms, to share a oneness with him…( some of it was XXX  )

Ahuja had never written to her even once-- rather he was fed up of her constant demand for attention and sex..

In a letter dated May 24, 1958, produced in court , Sylvia wrote “Last night when you spoke of your marrying and the various other girls you might marry, something inside me snapped and I knew I could not bear the thought of your loving someone else…”

Nanavati  accosted Sylvia , how could she do this to him and the 3 children .  She cooly told him that she loved Ahuja wants a divorce.

After a terrible tongue lashing and melodrama,  Nanavati had lunch and he took his wife and children for a movie Tom Thumb in Metro theatre.  Nanavati was at the wheel and his wife and three children were very quiet, which was NOT normal. The children knew that something was terribly wrong.

Sylvia sat quietly in front,  preoccupied and sullen.  

Nanavati pulled into Metro Theater,  told his family to go in and watch the movie and said that he would pick them up at the end of the show at 1800 hrs.

Nanavati then drove to the Naval base, collected his pistol on a false pretext from the stores along with six cartridges, completed his official duties and proceeded to Ahuja's office, at Universal Motors , a Willy's Jeep showroom at Pedder Road.  The clerk put the gun in a sealed brown paper bag, with his name on it. 

On not finding Ahuja there , he drove straight to his flat  in Setalvad Lane off Napean Sea Road, near Malabar hill and rang the bell.  

Anjani Rapa, a maid opened.  She knew Nanavati and his family were VERY close friends of the Ahujas.  When asked where Prem Ahuja was, she nonchalantly said, "Bedroom".

When Nanavati  opened the door of the bedroom, Ahuja wrapped in a towel, walked out of the bathroom. He shot him thrice in quick successsion..  Nanavati walked out of the apartment, past the anguished cries of Mamie, his very good friend of the past.

Nanavati's clothes were stain or struggle free. He was composed enough so as to drive to the home of the Navy Provost Marshall of WNC to confess. He was told to turn himself in to the Deputy Commissioner of Police.  

He had calmly unloaded the gun and corrected the spelling of his name at the police station. The police found Ahuja dead with his loosely wrapped towel intact. 




On April 27, 1959 this bizarre  "crime of passion" sent shockwaves rippling through Bombay. A Parsi had murdered a Sindhi in cold blood. His sister and the maid heard the three consecutive shots.  

The case soon turned it into a Parsi vs Sindhi community confrontation.  Karl Khandalavala became the representative of the Parsi community fighting for the Parsi commander and Ram Jethmalani of the Sindhi community backing the deceased Prem Ahuja. 

Now you know why lawyer Ram Jethmalani is so famous today !  You will soon find out how he carved his name in letters of gold.

There were huge demonstrations from the Parsi community in Nanavati's favour.   Tabloid Blitz led by Russy Karanjia painted Nanavati as a honourable hero and Prem Ahuja as a black hearted knave. 

The affluent Parsi community went ballistic, holding meetings and marches demanding the lesser charge be brought,  and upholding the naval officer as a great defender of family values. Remember Ahuja had never raped Sylvia,  it was she who piled on him for sex and favours.

Blitz did a blitzkrieg under the cunning RK Karanjia.  How could he, such a nice ghenchoo , be accused of murder when his wife was cheating on him while he was protecting the nation? 

Blitz ran a tireless campaign for him,  with ample help from Rothschild’s main stream media and the Anglo Indians waving British flags . 

Such was the Hasbara generated that gunned own  Prem Ahuja,  has support only of his own Sindhi community and his own sister Mamie Ahuja, who sought death for the much celebrated naval officer,  and his adulteress and over sexed  English wife Sylvia. 

Nanavati received over zealous backing of the Parsi Panchayat and had a powerful Parsi lawyer Karl Khandavala fighting his case. 

 The case was fought in the sessions court in Mumbai, the High Court and the Supreme Court.  All the three courts finally gave the same judgment -  that Nanavati had murdered Prem Ahuja. It was proved as a premeditated murder.  All her love lorn and passionate letters to Prem Ahuja became public and were served as evidence .

The Jury acquitted Nanawati 8-1.   The courtroom packed with stooges by RK Karanjaia with Parsis , and Anglo Indians erupted in wild cheers and whistles.  

But Sessions judge Ratilal Bhaichand Mehta brought the noisy celebration to an abrupt halt.  He declared that the jury verdict was "perverse" , that there is travesty in justice , in the light of the evidence marshaled in the trial and referred the case to the Bombay High Court.

The High Court found Nanavati guilty of homicide amounting to murder and sentenced him to life in prison. The Supreme Court upheld the decision on November 11, 1961.  Justice YV Chandrachud held all through that Nanavati was guilty of murder and ruled so.  He retired as the Chief Justice of India.

In 1960, Nanavati was given a life sentence.  But the drama had not yet ended.  After serving in jail for a few years, in a dramatic turn of events, Nanavati was pardoned in a bizarre manner by the then Maharashtra governor, Vijaylakshmi Pandit ( Nehru's sister ).

Ram Jethmalani's services were sought to persuade Ahuja’s sister Mamie to give in writing a no objection letter , that she had forgiven Nanavati and would not object to his release.  

Ram  Jethmalani secured this pardon in writing by forcing the Sindhi community to agree that in lieu of  dead man Ahuja, he would secure the release of a Sindhi freedom fighter Bhai Pratap, who was charged with arms possession ( all rigged up by Nehru ).  Nanavati and Bhai Pratap were granted pardon simultaneously by Governor Vijayalakshmi Pandit.

Immediately after the pardon, Nanavati, Sylvia and the three children slipped away in great secrecy to Canada never to return to India.   Nanavati died in Canada  at the ripe old age of 76 in 2003.  I suggest you have look at his children ( no need for DNA test ) two boys and one girl .  Some Indians in Toronto know the Nanawati family,  though they kept a low profile.





Blitz tabloid converted Ram to Ravan and Ravan to Ram.  

Nanavati was converted to a man of great honour fighting for his nation ( in peace time  TEE HEEEE  ! ) .

Ahuja was converted into a preying womanizer who preferred married woman, and put young Sylvia into a evil spell, which she tried hard to shake  off..   SNIFF !

He put words into nanavati’s and Ahuja’s mouths—you see he can fly like a invisible ghost.

Nanavati walked into Ahuja’s bedroom and saw him coming out of the bathroom in a towel.

He confronted him with the inevitable:   "Will you marry Sylvia and take care of my 3 children?" ( Oh boy—SNIFF !) 



Ahuja, the evil serial offender cried "No. Am I supposed to marry every woman I go to bed with?"  ( Bad Ahuja )

“Get out of here before I throw you out" ( Bad Ahuja again )

Then he tried to attack Nanavati.  ( Bad baaad Ahuja )

A calm Nanavati , tried to reason –PLEAAASE  --  KIIINDDLY--  and then shot him thrice.

Every day of the court session Karanjia would organize Anglo Indian and Parsi girls to scream and swoon as soon as they saw dashing Commander Nanavati ( never mind that he could NOT get it up ) in full white uniform and regalia resplendent with shining medals.

RK Karanjia let the grape vine flow— Bad baaad Ahuja was even humping the air chief ‘s wife and the  army chief's wife too, for good measure.

Nanavati’s car  would be full of lipstick marks.  New 100 rupees noted would be showerd on him, with red lipstick imprints on them.


The entire Naval officer clan closed ranks behind Commander Nanavati— or forget your promotion.   

Commodore Nanda ( who became Navy Chief )  gave evidence how Nanavati was such a good shot and how he shot in self defence.   

He gave his spin, how when Ahuja suddenly attacked Nanavati , in the struggle that ensued to control the gun,  it got accidentally fired ( 3 times TEE HEEEE !) .

He was at a loss to explain why Ahuja’s towel never fell off, or why Nanawati’s clothes was speckless or creaseless.

Blitz went on and on— how dashing   Kawas Maneckshaw Nanavati  ( never mind he cant get it up) was getting hundreds of proposals from beautiful young girls .



How when Ahuja refused to marry Sylvia,  Kawas Maneckshaw Nanavati said out of great inherent Parsi honour , "By God, I am going to thrash you for this" ( or was it BAAYEEE GAAD like how the Punjabis say ?) 



Karanjia had painted Ahuja as “a gay Lothario who loved to graze in other people’s pastures”—typical Limey yellow tabloid stuff.

Gamdevi police officers investigating the scene in the crime, wrapped it pretty fast. Witnesses , the sister and the maid, who heard the shots ,and saw the sinking body.  

The police photographed the shattered glass in the bathroom, the bloodstains on the wall and door handle.  Lying on the floor was  "the empty brown envelope bearing the name Lt. Commander K M Nanavati” .

If this is NOT travesty of justice—what could it be?





If you see the Internet, you find all (100%) mouthing the same HASBARA line  --

QUOTE --On April 27, 1959, Nanavati returned home from one of his assignments and finding Sylvia aloof and distant, he questioned her---UNQUOTE


When Sylvia was asked in court, why she went to the theatre, leaving her agitated husband behind, she answered, "I was upset myself and I did not think clearly then. I was not indifferent to my husband killing himself… It is difficult to explain these things to children, so I took them to the cinema."

Ahuja was even accused of fobbing off the Nanawatis.  A super rich business man rolling around in crores fobbing off a salaried Indian Navy commander  earning a few hundred rupees a month  in the fifties ?

But in Mumbai most Parsis were affluent.

Reason?

Punch into Google search-

THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL



Unknown to the public blue eyed boy Nanavati was relaxing in a pleasure cottage instead of jail most of the time.  

While he was walking out of Ahuja’s flat, even the Gurkha watchman asked Nanavati,  why he killed Ahuja. 

On 17th March 1964, Nanavati was “released “ from Lonawala  SUNDOWN— a most opulent and luxurious bungalow.

This is what happens when an entire  religious community is sponsored by the ruling government— for after all Indira Gandhis’s husband Feroze Gandhi was a Parsi ( sic ! )—and Rothschild loved his ex-drug running agents, the Parsis.

RK Karanjia’s Blitz tabloid wound up in 1998, died in 2008.

In law, sub judice, Latin for "under judgment", means that a particular case or matter is under trial or being considered by a judge or jury.

Concise Oxford Dictionary says sub-judice means “under judicial consideration and hence prohibited from public discussion elsewhere”

It is generally considered inappropriate to comment publicly on cases sub judice, which can be an offence in itself, leading to contempt of court proceedings. This is particularly true in criminal cases, where publicly discussing cases sub judice may constitute interference with due process, with a gullible Jury.

Sub judice is now irrelevant to journalists because of the introduction of the Contempt of Court Act 1981. Under Section 2 of the Act, a substantial risk of serious prejudice can only be created by a media report when proceedings are active.  

Sub-judice is only if a jury system exists, as the judge is deemed “not to be “ gullible.  It would be sacrilegious even to suggest that the learned judges allow themselves to be swayed by public opinion, especially when our judicial system provides for appeal to higher courts, thus making trial judges acutely conscious of being rapped in their knuckles by the appellate courts.  

Judges have even gone on record saying that they keep an eye on media coverage of a case, only to gather more facts and to be able to better sift the grain from the chaff.

Where a jury system exists ( like in USA ) often, contempt of court charges may be brought against journalists who make statements about cases that are sub judice, or yet to be decided.

The fact that writing articles about a case can cause it to be tainted was one reason why published material about pending litigation was sometimes referred to as sub judice in America prior to 1981. In that year, the U.S. Contempt of Court Act was passed. This law states that media coverage of an event is only capable of swaying public opinion during the time of the trial itself. For this reason, newspaper or magazine articles about most cases are no longer referred to with this term.

Many times, court cases are pending for some time before they can be heard by a judge or jury. A matter is typically said to be sub judice from the time the first pleadings or written motions are filed with the court. It is no longer thought to be so once a final decision has been rendered or the case has been dismissed.

Hardly any media or politician in India  understands that sub- judice is not relevant in India where the Jury system has been abolished.  The term sub-judice, is again and again loosely used by legal luminaries and lawyer-spokespersons of beleaguered political parties whose leaders are under scrutiny.

The concept of sub-judice holds sway only in countries where the system of jury trial is in vogue—read this line thrice.  

The jury was  largely of hoi polloi was likely to be influenced by the opinion aired in the media and other platforms, by those who are not parties to the case concerned—like in the Nanavati case where a murderer was acquitted by the naïve or corrupt jury.   To be frank Indians are emotional people who cannot be objective when  influenced by emotions running high in society.

The concept of sub-judice is innately linked to the jury system. India gave up the jury system in 1960. .after travesty of justice in the Nanavati case , thanks to yellow journalism by RK Karanjia trying to save a fellow Parsi.   Karanjia never let the “Nanavati as a wronged husband” story go off the front page for three long years.


Karanjia had even managed to get a replica of evil seducer Ahuja’s skull in the courtroom looking sinisterly at the Jury – and the chaste woman Sylvia, the blue eyed brunette.


Blitz ran an article on December 2, 1961 article headlined ‘The President must pardon Nanavati’: “If a member of the Fighting Forces always has to entertain the fear that some moneyed and leisured man might be consoling his wife, in his absence, he will be more worried than if his pay is not sufficient to meet the regular expenses of his household... People want to ask the top authorities to consider what will be the moral effect on those whom you invite to join the Defence Forces if and when they observe that those in authority take a technical view of the invasion by the wealthy of their unprotected homes.” ( Oh Boy !! )

Karanjia had turned the murder trial into a fight between the middle-class honourable values of Nanavati and the bourgeois depravation of Ahuja, baffling the gullible jury and the entire nation.

But Oh Boy—this particular Parsi bawaaji wrote in his will that he wanted to be cremated. I suppose he did NOT like the Tower of Silence.

Wanna see some nice vultures pecking the eyes off dead corpses?

Punch into Google search-

SHUKRACHARYA IS AHURA MAZDA GOD OF THE PARSIS, INDIAN PROPHET ZOROASTER WROTE ZEND AVESTA  VADAKAYIL

I am sure RK Karanjia knew his own Parsi history before he dies.

In the 1930s RK Karanjia was employed an assistant editor at the Rothschild controlled and owned The Times of India.   He left The Times in 1941 to launch Blitz, a weekly tabloid with a focus on investigative journalism, to help Rothschild every which way.

This Rothschild stooge had blanked out the Indian Navy Mutiny.

Punch into Google search-

THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE VADAKAYIL



 RK Karanjia was sent as a war correspondent by Rothschild during the Japanese Burma offensive in World War II, reporting on the action in Burma and Assam—yeah—Rothschild embedded reporter..

Punch into Google search-

EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS VADAKAYIL

Karanjia was founder and owner editor of Blitz, a tabloid weekly published from Mumbai.  The first issue of Blitz was published on 1 February 1941 . 

Before this he was sent for a few years to England by Rothschild to where he served as a trainee in Fleet Street tabloids in a crash course of yellow journalism.

P. Sainath, Magsaysay award winning journalist, and grandson of VV Giri was associated with Blitz.  Like Mao Tse Tung’s great long march , he is credited with  walking 5,000 km on foot . 

Amartya Sen has called him "one of the world's great experts on famine and hunger".

Wanna know who famine expert Amartya Sen is?

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL

RL Karanjia openly attacked the Congress party, but in secret was VERY friendly with Congress leaders Nehru and Indira Gandhi -- a clear case of running with the hares and hunting with the hounds .  

RK Karanaji’s great hero was whose photo remained on his desk till the last day he went to office.
RK Karanjia became disillusioned with Rothschild’s Bolshevik communism .  He was the guy who saved atheist Kerala Comunist leader AK Gopalan from the gallows.

Pretty soon he became a strong sympathiser of Hindutva and the Ayodhya movement.

How many of you know that under the Criminal Procedure Code of 1861, jury trial could be made available in any district and for any offence as the local White invader government saw fit.  White subjects were entitled the right to trial by jury ( with a majority of white skinned  jurors).

According to one 2008 survey,  55 countries have some form of jury trial, including states as geographically and historically diverse as Mexico, Kazakhastan and South Korea.  But till date, India and Pakistan remain constant in their opposition—they abolished the jury system after a decade of Independence..

The jury's function is of tempering blind rules of law by common sense. The jury has been described as "an exciting and gallant experiment in the conduct of serious human affairs."

In the United States, every person accused of a crime punishable by incarceration for more than six months has a constitutional right to a trial by jury.  Jurors in some states are selected through voter registration and drivers' license lists.



A form is sent to prospective jurors to pre-qualify them by asking the recipient to answer questions about citizenship, disabilities, ability to understand the English language, and whether they have any conditions that would excuse them from being a juror. If they are deemed qualified, a summons is issued.  

The United States Constitution recognize the right to a jury trial to be a fundamental civil liberty or civil right that allows the accused to choose whether to be judged by judges or a jury. In America, it is understood that juries usually weigh the evidence and testimony to determine questions of fact, while judges usually rule on questions of law.

Although a judge can throw out a guilty verdict if it was not supported by the evidence, a jurist has no authority to override a verdict that favors a defendant.  A judge cannot order the jury to convict, no matter how strong the evidence is.



A civil jury is typically made up of 6 to 12 persons. In a civil case, the role of the jury is to listen to the evidence presented at a trial, to decide whether the defendant injured the plaintiff or otherwise failed to fulfill a legal duty to the plaintiff, and to determine what the compensation or penalty should be.




A criminal jury is usually made up of 12 members, though fewer may sit on cases involving lesser offenses. Criminal juries decide whether the defendant committed the crime as charged. The sentence may be set by either the jury or the judge; generally, in felony cases the jury sets punishment while in lesser offenses it may be set by the judge.



Verdicts in criminal cases must be unanimous. In civil cases, the law (or the agreement of the parties) may permit a non-unanimous verdict. A jury's deliberations are conducted in private, out of sight and hearing of the judge, litigants, witnesses, and others in the courtroom. 

In the majority of US states, there is no right to a jury trial in family law actions not involving a termination of parental rights, such as divorce and custody modifications. The vast majority of US criminal cases are not concluded with a jury verdict, but rather by plea bargain. Both prosecutors and defendants often have a strong interest in resolving the criminal case by negotiation resulting in a plea bargain. If the defendant waives a jury trial, a bench trial is held.

Since the Nanavati case was extensively reported in the media, it was felt that the jury was influenced by the publicity.

Those who have day jobs are eager to avoid serving on juries, mainly because the convoluted rules of procedure and evidence have turned summary trials into week-long events. By and large, only the least offensive -- and not coincidentally, the dumbest -- tend to be selected for juries. 


As the aphorism goes, the problem with juries is that they are generally composed of the 12 people too stupid to get out of jury duty   -  TEEEE HEEEEEEE !.

Most Americans would be willing to serve on a jury for a day. Few would be willing to do so for a week, and none for over a month.



Sometimes jurors are paid a small amount but it is usually much less than they would have earned at their regular job.  The judge might ask the jurors to raise their hands if they are friends or acquaintances of any of the people involved in the case. . If a juror gives an answer that the judge agrees shows a lack of impartiality, the juror can be dismissed "for cause."

Jury trials were introduced in Russia in 1864, abolished by the Russian revolution in 1917, and reintroduced in 1993

In the OJ Simpson trial the Jury pool was 40% white, 28% black, 17% Hispanic, and 15% Asian. In this case a black man had allegedly killed his white wife.



Sample questions to jury --

39. While in school, what was your favorite subject?
40. What was your least favorite subject?
162. Have you ever experienced domestic violence in your home, either growing up or as an adult?  Please describe the circumstances and the impact it has had upon you.
186. Have you ever dated a person of a different race? Yes?  No?  If yes, how did you feel about it?
201.  Do you have a religious affiliation or preference?  Yes? No?  If yes, please describe. How important would you say religion is in your life? Would anything about your religious beliefs make it difficult for you to sit in judgement of another person?  Yes?  No?  Possibly? How often do you attend religious services?
202. What is your political affiliation? (Please circle) 1. Democrat   2. Republican  3. Independent   4. Other (please specify)
205. Do you consider yourself politically: Active?  Moderately active?  Inactive?
211. Have you ever provided a urine sample to be analyzed for any purpose?  Yes?  No?  If yes, did you feel comfortable with the accuracy of the results?  Yes?  No?
212. Do you believe it is immoral or wrong to do an amniocentesis to determine whether a fetus had a genetic defect?  Yes? No? Don’t have an opinion?
215. Did you take science or math courses in college?
222. Do you have (please check) Security bars?  Alarms?  Guard dog?  Weapons for self-protection?
244. What type of books do you prefer?  (Example: Non-fiction? Historical? Romance? Espionage? Mystery?)
248. Have you ever written a letter to the editor of a newspaper or magazine?  Yes? No? If yes, what was the subject matter of your comment:
251. Which television news shows do you enjoy watching on a regular basis?
252. What are your leisure time interests, hobbies and activities?
254. What accomplishments in your life are you most proud of?
255. What groups ore organizations do you belong to now or have you belonged to for a significant period of time in the past?  (For example, bowling leagues, church groups, AA, Sierra Club, MECLA, National Rifle Association, ACLU, YWCA, PTA, NAACP, etc.)
257. Are there any charities or organizations to which you make donations?  Yes? No? If yes,  please list the organizations or charities to which you contribute:
276. Do you seek out positions of leadership?  (Please check answer) Always?  Often?   Seldom?  Never?
277. Please name the three public figures you admire most.
281. Do you own any special knives (other than for cooking), such as hunting or pen knives?
285. Would you like to be a juror in this case?

TEEEE HEEEEEEE !


Jurors can be released from the pool for several reasons including illness, prior commitments that can't be abandoned without hardship, change of address to outside the court's jurisdiction, travel or employment outside the jurisdiction at the time of duty, and others.   Work places cannot penalize employees who serve jury duty.



   
In India there has never been a single case in which a person was prosecuted and PUNISHED for making a false statement before the court.  Under Section 191 of the IPC, an affidavit is evidence and a person swearing to a false affidavit is guilty of perjury punishable under Section 193 IPC which prescribes punishment up to seven years imprisonment.   

Have you seen the way Teesta Setalvad used Saudi Wahabi funds and produced witnesses out of thin air in court ?

Punch into Google search-
THE WORST JOURNALIST VADAKAYIL

 Perjury is regarded as an extremely serious offence all over the world, but in India lying in court is routine. The fear of being jailed for perjury persuades witnesses to tell the truth. If the witness turns hostile, it will amount to perjury with no defence possible, and the judge can convict the witness on the spot. That will surely persuade witnesses that lies are less profitable than the truth.

In Kashmir, NE and Naxal-hit areas, what the State is dealing with is guerrilla war funded by foreign forces .  No war can be fought under the criminal penal code—read this line a hundred times !!

Jurors are generally required to keep their deliberations in strict confidence during the trial and deliberations, and in some jurisdictions even after a verdict is rendered. In English law, the jury's deliberations must never be disclosed outside the jury, even years after the case; to repeat parts of the trial or verdict is considered to be contempt of court, a criminal offense. In the United States, this is usually not the rule, and jurors have sometimes made remarks that called into question whether a verdict was properly reached.

Jurors themselves can be held liable if they deliberately compromise their impartiality. The role of the jury is described as that of a finder of fact, while the judge is seen as having the sole responsibility of interpreting the appropriate law and instructing the jury accordingly. The jury determines the truth or falsity factual allegations and renders a verdict on whether a criminal defendant is guilty, or a civil defendant is civilly liable.

Sometimes a jury makes specific findings of fact in what is called a "special verdict." A verdict without specific findings of fact that includes only findings of guilt, or civil liability and an overall amount of civil damages, if awarded, is called a "general verdict."

There is a school of thought that it may be more difficult to corrupt 12 jurors than one judges. Juries represent the common public and therefore are more likely to judge in line with generally accepted values of the society— say a loyal Gorkha watchman severely wounds a thief.

On the other hand the jury members are more susceptible to the rhetoric impressions and mesmerised by the eloquence of a lawyer than a judge, they tend to be over-awed by the whole experience.  

Like Manish Tiwari mouths— Non Sequitor , hare before hound,  baby without fu#kin’ bathwater BLAH BLAH 

Juries may be swayed by the current prejudices in the society, which are not supported by law.

A judge can order the jury sequestered for the jurors' safety and impartiality. Jurors generally are housed in a suitable hotel or motel for the duration of the trial and deliberations when the judge orders this precaution.  When sequestered, jurors are not allowed to have any unmonitored contact with outside sources of information and are not allowed access to the news or other media.

The jury is a body of people, known as jurors, who are sworn to hear the evidence in a legal matter, determine what they believe to be fact and thereby render an impartial verdict.




Take your pick from these below--

Jurors may be tempted to reach a quick verdict in order to get it over with and go home.  Juries are not required to give reasons for verdicts, so they could be day dreaming for all you know . Civic duty is indeed a rare opportunity for citizenship.  Jurors can become bored and mentally blaned out during the trial.  Horrific cases can seriously traumatise jurors who have to sit through harrowing evidence.  Many jurors in civil trials involving financial matters do not grasp the evidence presented.  The average juror does not understand complex evidence in some trials regardless of his qualifications.  It is difficult for jurors to assess the reliability of witnesses or evidence.



George Michael Zimmerman  is an American best known for fatally shooting a black Trayvon Martin on February 26, 2012, in Sanford, Florida.  

On July 13, 2013, his trial for second-degree murder and manslaughter ended in acquittal.  On February 26, 2012, Zimmerman fatally shot 17-year-old African American high school student Trayvon Martin in The Retreat at Twin Lakes community in Sanford, Florida. 

Zimmerman was the neighborhood watch coordinator for the gated community where Martin was temporarily staying and where the shooting occurred.  The police chief said that Zimmerman was released because there was no evidence to refute Zimmerman's claim of having acted in self-defense, and that under Florida's Stand Your Ground statute, the police were prohibited by law from making an arrest. 



The police chief also said that Zimmerman had had a right to defend himself with lethal force. As news of the case spread, thousands of protestors across the country called for Zimmerman's arrest and a full investigation. 

Six weeks after the shooting, amid widespread, intense, and in some cases misleading media coverage, Zimmerman was charged with murder by a special prosecutor appointed by Governor Rick Scott.



Zimmerman's trial began on June 10, 2013, in Sanford. On July 13, 2013, a jury acquitted Zimmerman of the charges of second-degree murder and manslaughter. On April 11, 2012, George Zimmerman was charged with second-degree murder in the shooting death of Trayvon Martin. 

After sixteen hours of deliberations over the course of two days, on July 13, 2013, the six-person jury ( 5 whites and one non-african ) rendered a not guilty verdict on all counts.


Black in USA believe that the judicial system values the lives of white victims more than the lives of black victims, which is reflected in the varying severity of punishments for the perpetrators. 

One month after Martin was slain by Zimmerman in March 2012, Duke University researchers examined records of more than 700 non-capital felony cases in the state from 2000 to 2010. They found what has long been known, that the race of a defendant and victim play a huge role in how a jury is likely to decide a case. 

Black defendants by a double digit margin were more likely to be convicted than a white defendant. A major reason for this was that a significant percentage of the jury pools had no blacks on them. 



The researchers drew one inescapable conclusion and that's that all-white juries are not only more prone to convict black defendants but that despite court rulings that bar exclusion of jurors or potential jurors because of race, a major number of juror pools and thus juries continue to be all-white.

Watch out for the 2014 bollywood movie release BOMBAY VELVET.

Karan Johar plays Kaizad Khambatta, a flamboyant journalist with a high-end attitude. His Parsi character is quite similar to RKi Karanjia or Rustom Kurshedji Karanjia.

‘Bombay Velvet’ directed by Anurag Kashyap, also stars Ranbir Kapoor, Anushka Sharma and co-produced by Fox Star Studios will release on 25 December 2014.

I WILL TAKE MY FINAL CALL ABOUT DISMANTLING ROTHSCHILD’S COMMUNIST MAN IN INDIA, RK KARANJIA, AFTER SEEING THIS MOVIE.

Rk Karanjia’s investigative journalism was all PAID journalism.



Punch into Google search-

EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS  VADAKAYIL

On the eve of Partition in 1947, RK Karanjia smuggled himself into a crucial meeting of the Chamber of Princes — dressed in full regalia as a prince of a minor state, with Nehru’s and Edwina’s connivance !  

Well well—what do you know !



One day someone asked Karanjia, “You say you are a journalist. A journalist must be objective. You have never seen Sai Baba nor talked to him. You know nothing about him and yet you are attacking him. Is this objective journalism?”  

This stung Karanjia, and the next thing he did was to come to Puttaparthi. Having come here and seen for himself what was going on, he then sought an audience with Baba, which was given, not merely one but many.  

Later Karanjia wrote a book (God Lives in India), completely revising his opinion about Baba.”

Because of his Rothschild connection, R K Karanjia had a distinction of taking interviews with eminent personalities like British Prime Minister late Sir Winston Churchill, French President late Charles De Gaulle, USSR Communists leaders, Chinese Communist leaders , Palestinian leader late Yasser Arafat, Egyptian President late Gamal Abdel Nasser, Yugoslavian President late Josiph Broz Tito, Iranian Emperor late Reza Shah Pahalvi, and Cuban President Fidel Castro – he was particularly fond of.

All those who want to know how Rothschild created Communism-- 

punch into Google search-

COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS VADAKAYIL


RK Karanjia’s only daughter Rita ran the high-circulation Cine Blitz.    




Rita Mehta launched Cine Blitz, it was Karanjia's idea to put a streaking woman on the cover for falthu publicty, which later sadly broke her family .  

Protima Bedi's son committed suicide in Carnegie Mellon University  where he was doing Computer science.  Her marriage broke up. 



The model was Protima Bedi, who ran nude near Flora Fountain and later at Juhu, and the photo was published in the magazine, an instant hit.






Protima Bedi insisted and got a re-shoot as she wanted the shot when her tits swung UPWARDS.



RK Karanjia would always spare generous front page space on Blitz for Comminist SA Dange.  

Dange, a founding member of Communism in India along with MN Roy,  left more than 70 crores when he died to his daughter Roza Deshpande, who was named after Rosa Luxemburg, the Karl Marx propagandist and German Jewess  stooge of Rothschild. 

Dange, is well known for his stupid book saying that the entire wisdom of Karl Marx is derived from the vaidik Vedanta.   But this was a bit too much and there was a furore resulting in poor Dange getting kicked out from the party itself. 

Dange was a great follower of Rothschild stooge Gandhi.   He was a stooge of the Bolshevik Jews of Russia. M.N. Roy came all the way to Bombay to meet SA Dange.  MN Roy and his Jewish honey pot wife Evelyn Trent founded the émigré Communist Party of India on 17 October 1920 in Tashkent.  

Today several letters written by MN Roy from Moscow to SA Dange are preserved. Do NOT ever think that these were freedom fighters. SA Dange was funded and sponsored by a money bag , Ranchoddas Bhavan Lotvala, a flour mill owner from Bombay and together they built up a library of Marxist Literature and published translations of classics, with Rothschild’s blessings. 

In 1922, with Lotvala's funds , Dange launched the English weekly, Socialist, the first Indian Marxist journal, basically a mouthpiece of Rothschild remote controlled Cominterm, the international communist organization founded in Moscow in March 1919.

As a resolution adopted in the Founding Congress of the Comintern its stated objective was to fight 'by all available means, including armed force, for the overthrow of the international bourgeoisie and for the creation of an international Soviet republic as a transition stage to the complete abolition of the State'

In 1951 four leaders travelled as stowaways from Calcutta port on a Russian ship from Calcutta. They were Ajoy Ghosh , S.A. Dange,  C. Rajeswara Rao and M. Basava Punnaiah.  These four leaders, two from each centre, were brought to Moscow by  political journalist Nikhil Chakravartty, the editor of Mainstream who planned the entire journey.  These four leaders met with top CPSU leaders at Moscow. 

The first meeting was attended from the Soviet side by Comrades Suslov, Malenkov and Molotov.

On the third day  Comrade Stalin made an appearance, and he did so for subsequent days too . Stalin only listened rarely sat at the table but kept pacing up and down smoking his pipe.

Rothschild stooge Stalin told C Rajeshwara Rao that Nehru was too popular to be brought down by a Chinese model revolution .

Stalin told the gruesome foursome that India was not an independent country , but was still ruled indirectly by proxy by British colonialists. This was in 1951, 4 years after our Indian independence.  

He said that the Communists could eventually advance only by heading an armed revolution.. ... Stalin discusses the armed Communist struggle whose fountain head was Telengana with C Rajeshwara Rao, whom he knew worshipped himself and Lenin.

Stalin suddenly said the Communist Party of India is sending misleading reports to Moscow on conditions in India, and that he gets his own intelligence reports too.  And that put cold water on the heads of the gruesome foursome Indian Communists who went against their own motherland 4 years after Independence.

In May 1991, RK Karanjia did a front page article detailing a meeting of businessmen and other conspirators who wanted to "stop Rajiv at all cost" from returning to power ( leaning towards Russia ) - implying that they would even get him killed.    Karanjia's article was so prescient that the very week his article appeared in the paper, Rajiv Gandhi was killed by a human bomb at Sriperumbudur. 


RK Karanjia alleged on many occasions that Narasimha Rao was a beneficiary of Rajiv Gandhi's assassination and worse, that he still kept the company of 'godman' Chandraswami, who was perceived as a major conspirator behind the removal of Rajiv Gandhi.

RK Karanjia sensed the rise of the BJP.  He became close to LK Advani.  Desperate for relevance Karanjia gave him plenty space in his Blitz newspaper and allowed him to make a clear departure from its earlier Leftist moorings.

He expected BJP to carry him on their shoulders. It did NOT happen.

One find day , RK Karanjia published a front page apology for backing Hindutva and for abandoning the Nehruvian socialist editorial policy .

It cut NO ice.

In the last 10 years of his life RK Karanjia lost his mind.  He did NOT even know that his tabloid Blitz had shut down.  

Whenever he would come out of this memory loss, for a few minutes  he would call his Dy Editor and ask: "What is the story you are doing for the cover page."  

That's the only page that mattered to him.

He had made and broken people using this front page, in a immoral and foul manner .  

Remember Nanavati?


Below:  RK Karanjia and his moth eaten bunch of Anglo-indians.  He used to do a lip lock when he saw any reporter, to show that he is indeed ZE Don-Juan.





All those who want to know why there are so many mullato white skinned half breeds in Indian cities (which held British garrisons ) who loved to wave the British flag , punch into Google search -

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER VADAKAYIL


Their mothers used to hold Hanuman Chalisa booklets .


Burjor Khurshedji Karanjia was the younger brother of RK Karanjia.  

He was another kingmaker of film stars.  BK Karanjia who died last year was the fortnightly film magazine , Filmfare’s  editor  from 1961 to 1979 . 

The Times Group makes no secret of the fact that Filmfare promotes paid content. “If the magazine publishes the photo of a star holding a Louis Vuitton bag, for instance, the company gets paid by the star—how do you like that?  

Bollywood stars would bribe heavily to be featured in Filmfare.  



They did propaganda with their pimps that if you were in Filmfare,you were a star. If not, you had not  arrived. 

While RK Karnjia’s CineBlitz’s cover splashed the words “Always unearthing scandals and scoops”,  BK Karanjia’s Filmfare stuck to “Another name for credibility”.  



BK Karanjia responsibilities included the organization of the annual Filmfare Awards Awards. 

Film awards are secured by cash and by kind –if you know what I mean.




I have a piece of advise for all the super arrogant kingmakers .

We are all on a raft flowing down the rapids without a paddle.

One thing is 100% sure-- one day , your raft will plunge down the waterfall , and you will die.

NO amount of money or power can prevent this.

While you are on the raft of life, be graceful,be happy. 

Fish , but don't over-fish. What is the point?

Your great grand children will NOT even visit your grave , to piss on it-- leave alone being grateful.

Live and let live.

You cant take your money to the grave ( even the Pharaoh could NOT do that ).

In any case , your money is just a figure on the computer. You can't see it,  nor can you count it. You cannot eat more than thrice a day.

You came naked , you will go naked. After the game of life , the KING and the PAWN goes into the same box.

You will be remembered only by your contributions to mankind and this planet.

Rest goes to the garbage bin of history. In this Internet information super highway age, you cant even manipulate the media and shine for a grand obituary..

Remember, there is great joy in being ordinary.

The most valuable things in life are free. 

Can any amount of wealth , power , and society pressure , chain the heart of a beautiful princess?

Yes-- take this from me.

Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
GRIHA PRAVESH , HOUSE WARMING CEREMONY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




I enter this home with a kumbha
fill it with ambrosia and anoint
all those who drink of this heavenly water
and protect this home
I enter this house to dwell in it.

Atharva Veda. 3.13.7-9.- 5000 BC




In India Hindus convert a new house into a home, by doing a Griha Pravesh ceremony , also known as a house warming ceremony.

Gruhapravesam for the new house to be done in an auspicious day and time  . Our Hindu scriptures have described the proper procedures of Graha Pravesh at an auspicious time (muhurat) .

The family moves in to the new house on an auspicious day that is determined by the astrological charts, and after a few rites the house now becomes home sweet home.

Hindus believe that the fountainhead of happiness is the home.  It is about filling up the space deep inside, or gratification of the soul.   The quality of the home leads us to kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness , helping each other grow and reach their potential . 

In our Indian homes our emotions are allowed a safe expression.




The Griha pravesh ceremony is a prayer ritual of gratitude . A prayer is to the soul what air is to the lungs. 

At home our hearts sing for simple things , we shun perfectionism , and this is where real richness lies.  We do NOT betray trust in our homes.



Vastu Shastra prescribes certain best practices to be followed when constructing a new home. In Indian architecture, the dwelling is itself a shrine. A home is called manushyalaya, literally, "human temple".

It is not merely a shelter for human beings in which to rest and eat. The concept behind house design is the same as for temple design, so sacred and spiritual are the two spaces.

Even my home is made as per principles of Vaastu. Vasthu Sastra says that all dwelling spaces are alive with unseen entities and prayers are necessary to purify the space from negative energy and to allow the flow of positive energy into the property.

The common procedures and Mantras in Grahapravesha Puja  are taken from the Matsya Purana (Chapter 268-69), written down 7000 years ago. A dweller must not occupy or move things into a property without performing the house warming ceremony.

Traditionally, in a Hindu household, the housewarming is done in a very religious manner.  In India, the house-warming ritual is regarded as second in importance only to the wedding ceremony.

The most important ceremonies are a the Vaastu puja, the Ganapati fire Homam, the milk boiling over ritual, the coconut breaking ritual, the sprinkling of Kalasha Kumbam water in the house .

The milk boiling over ritual is compulsory on the day of Griha Pravesh, after the Vaastu Puja and Ganapati human is completed.

Milk is a symbol of purity. The milk gets curdled if there is some pollution. Boiling over of milk is to  usher in abundance in the new home. The lady of the house does the milk boiling , in a new vessel. 

As soon as the milk boils over and a coconut is broken ,  the house becomes a home.



Above: Milk overflowed to the East in my home-- my wife said it is good--  and she literally willed it to happen. TEE HEEE !

purnam adha prunam idam
purnat purnam udachaye
purnasya puram adaya
purnam eva avsishyate. :
Upanishad 5000 BC

This milk is then first offered to the Gods, then it is sweetened with sugar and distributed among the invitees as Prasad.




 Let me talk about coconut breaking . 

In India when we launch new ships we break a coconut on the bows. We say OM before and after breaking the coconut.

The silly west apes us by breaking  a bottle of champagne and saying AMEN — it does NOT work – TEE HEEEEE !

Coconut of sriphala ( the fruit of God ), is the only fruit used to symbolize ‘God’ while doing a Hindu puja.

Coconut has divine and quantum properties. 

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas.  It is form of bloodless sacrifice. 

In Vedic Hindusim there is NO animal sacrifice. 

The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma and it contains lauric acid found in mother’s milk.  Blood is an electrolyte. 

In World War 2 , tender coconut water was used by Americans to provide plasma drip to dehydrated soldiers who had lost lot of blood . 

Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.   We literally resonate the Cosmos .  So when we break a coconut for a ritual , in lieu of the blood sacrifice , we do it with intention. 

The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.  Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.

Like I said , before breaking the coconut we must have an intention ( Example:  deliver us from evil  OR let this home overflow with happiness always  ) .

You must be totally in the moment with NIL ego, to have the Alpha brain wave .  This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix,  this energy is transferred to our DNA. .   

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD ( akasha ) , a vast unharnessed energy source . 

Each individual mind has access to the universal mind.  

The moment you break the coconut , scalar waves from your DNA , race out through  the fabric of space time cosmos, like a tsunami ( soliton wave ) to do its own miracle. 



This is NOT Hindu mysticism , this is quantum science.

Vedas had the last laugh after quantum scientists understood these concepts—discarded their bibles for the Bhagawat Gita, and wrote in their wills that they want to be cremated NOT buried..  

Hindu king mantra OM has been stolen, mirrored  and converted by all other religions. Only thing is that the converted form does NOT work.



Muslims have made it 786 — which if you write in devnagri and show it in a mirror becomes OM symbol.  Every Koran has 786 on the cover-- none of the Muslims know why .




Christians have made it AMEN.
Jews have made it SHALOM.
Sikhs have made it OMKAR.




OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light.  

Terminating a Mantra ( or intention ) with OM closes up the wormhole.





OM is the first and foremost of all mantras.  Mantra is the sound body of consciousness .  OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  




Above : Frequency of OM is same as the heart beat of planet earth . We human can hear only the harmonics above 20 hertz.

Uttering of Om is identifying oneself with the cosmic resonance the efficacy of the mantric power of Om emanates not only from its sound vibrations, but also from the inner attitude of the speaker.



The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM.  The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.  




Above :  3D cymatics of OM is the Sri Yantra which contains the "theory of everything" TOE-- as it factors in consciousness too.

When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.  Rise in amplitude causes a rise in our consciousness energy.  




DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders.  




Above: OM sound, the buzz of a trillion transformers.  NASA and Russian Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space craft--or they go crazy .

Chanting OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition




Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz



A rangoli made of rice powder is made at the home entrance. They are drawn  around a grid of 108 dots, which serve as the skeletal structure for the kolam. .  Lines are drawn, connecting the dots or around them, very often in a single, continuous curve.  

A Kolam is a visible sound mantra--outside the human audio range.  A mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.

Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision.

There is a direct phonetic link between longitudinal wave sound and visual signs. Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.

“After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense."  - Werner Heisenberg (German Physicist, Nobel Prize winner 1932 for creation of Quantum Mechanics )

Sanskrit has a construct like geometry in cymatics and can be digitalised. The mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary power .  There is a direct link between the sound and signs,it is phonetic. For mantras words must unfold from seed forms and there must be natural continuity is word making and sentence making.  

Mantra sounds must have vibration and resonance.  Sanskrit mantras vibrate the DNA and pineal gland and raises human consciousness. Mantras must begin and end with OM or AUM . OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.  

OM is the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  Tantric Kolams are drawn, before Agnihotra fire rituals.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance. 



The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable. 

Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe.

Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morpogenetic or brahmAn , the supreme force  as per Advaita Hindusm--just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.

In the Ramayana of 4300 BC, Prince Lakshman the brother of Sri Rama, draws a kolam line around Sita the wife and tell her that as long as she is inside the perimeter NO harm can come to her. 

Today’s kolams are a pathetic reflection of the perception of life in the distant past, where the cosmic forces at work were looked at with awe and reverence, fear and hope. 



If you have a cat as a pet, you can see that it loves to sleep within the kolam.




Before boiling the milk, the  Ganapati Homam is done before sunrise  on the day of house warming.  




Fine smoke from the homam fire pervades the whole house.  




It may be a good idea to keep furniture covered with a thin white sheet.



On the day of Griha Pravesh the owner with spouse and children should stay over night. 

On the day of Griha Pravesh,  in the darkness hours  after midnight the house must not be locked, and dark . 

We had kept all our bungalow lights and lawn lights ON and people were commenting that it could be seen miles away reflected from coconut trees – like a circus or a mela.




Before boiling the milk, the  Ganapati Homam is done before sunrise  on the day of house warming.  Smoke from the homam fire pervades the whole house.  



The Ganapati homam is performed to prevent harmful influences of the planets and to remove negative vibrations. Lord Ganesha is the son of Lord Shiva and Goddess Parvathi, and is the remover of obstacles-- Vigneshwara.



After the homam , a conch shell is blown.  A conch can create scalar waves which can travel through the earth at speeds faster than light. The spiritual efficacy of the scalar sound of the conch is heard,  not by the ears but by the heart.  




Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.  This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide ( 7.83 hertz ) .  




After the the Ganapati Homam is completed, before the milk boiling ritual, the family make a proper entry into the house. 



A kalasha pot is carried into the house on the head of the lady of the house .  She and all her family members keep the right leg first inside the house at he doorway.



References to the Kalasha is found in the Rigveda written in 5000 BC.   

A kalasha is a copper pot with a narrow mouth as shown in the picture right on top.  It is filled with living water ( usually Ganges river ).   You are not allowed to fill chlorinated chemical laden water.

The side of the pot is marked with Swastika sign using turmeric.  A whole un-husked betel nut is placed in the water.  If the pot is made of clay, then a copper coin is also put.

An arrangement of 5 mango leaves is placed so that the bottom of the leaves point upwards. Red vermillion ( sindhoor ) dots are put on the mango leaves. 



A un-husked coconut on top with the 3 eyes facing above holding the mango leaves in place Betel nut has the capability to reduce copper ions to copper nano particles and secondarily give a pleasant aroma to the water.  The betel nut ( areca nut ) is male and the mango leaf is female.

Leaves of mango are used for the control of evil spirits. Mango leaves in bunches absorb the negative energy from anyone entering your home.  This is why mango leaves are hung by a string at the entrance to Hindu homes on the day of Griha Pravesh.  Mango leaf is a symbol of fertility and are traditionally associated with the deity of love, Kama Deva.

The same coconut is broken later with INTENTION .  The water in the Kalasha pot is sprinkled in all rooms and around the house .


Above:  Hindu gods Brahma -the creator / Vishnu - the mediator / Shiva- the destroyer  and their consorts Saraswati/ Lakshmi/ Parvati as the TRINITY or Tamas- Sattva -Rajas .

ONLY PEOPLE WITH HIGH IQ CAN IMAGINE THIS AMAZING CONCEPT OF SANATANA DHARMA.

Hey, brown sahebs ,  atheist idiots , rationalist morons , Macualay's own angrez ka aulad , wannabe goras , Pickle Johns , Chutney Marys -- always in the fungal dark -- wanna update your pathetic and pedestrian knowledge?

Punch into Google search-


DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL


By the way Gora Sahebs ( their god ) are so brave. 

One Gora Gaaand is equivalent to 100 tigers--  they are so brave --  really !!










Now let me talk of "living water" which is filled in the kalasha and later sprinled all over .

A kalasha has deep meaning.  It is a literal cosmos transceiver.   

The Maharishis who carried copper lotas with Ganges water were NOT fools.  They literally resonated the cosmos with their 12 strand DNA and king size pineal glands..

Water is the very source of all life.  Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings.  Human vibrational energy, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water.  Even a small amount of water has enough cluster structures available to absorb whole libraries of information.  



Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it. Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments when it travels through various water cycles .
 
Water responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more sensitive medium for reception .  It is also known that water receives cosmic radiation as extreme low frequencies everywhere, even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began. 

The moon, the sun and even the stars communicate with water, and our earth itself is retuning its resonances constantly to this influx.  Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing and transmitting information. 



Above: The kalasha as a living visual metaphor  goes beyond rational language and expressions.  It defines Purnatatva , or fullness and is an eloquent reminder from our ancient scriptures , that only from fullness can fullness arise

Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds, chemicals and even human emotions.  .

Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes.  The memory is stored in clusters of H20 molecules that are formed when several molecules join together. 

Water, sanctified by chanting mantras or by bathing an idol is known as theertham. If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.  

If the kalasha is an expression of time it is also a repository of space,  for the kalasha is the womb and within its security and safety and nourishing space security things grow and arise.

Punrnah kumbho adhi kala aihatsla vai pashyamo bahudha nu santam-  Atharva Veda XIX. 53.3.-- 5000 BC




Above: You can see Nava dhanya ( 9 types of food grains )

In my home grounds we have several mango trees all different types.  We forget how many, and me and my wife have to do a recount once in a while .  Mango is the king of fruits.




Mango leaves have inherent water and provide good cooling from the sun rays.   Hindu homes hand mango leaves on the entrance door as a protective barrier against bad etheral auras .





On the day of Griha Pravesh banana trees are attached to poles at the compound gate , from where guests enter the premises.  This has also the effect of neutralizing evil auras.  








Ham radio operators know how to use a banana tree as a dipole antenna or even a Marconi Antenna ( mirrored to double the length of the pole antenna ) .








On the day of Griha Pravesh all meals are served of banana leaf.




After the homam  , the smoke is cleared and before the milk is boiled, a vedic humped cow is brought into the house and taken to all rooms.  

If this is NOT possible then just keep it at the entrance.  




Above : Aarti is done for the cow with lit camphor 

If the cow takes a crap, it is considered auspicious. A western humpless cow gives toxic A1 milk and this ghee cannot be used in Agnihotra rituals.

All gods reside in the 'Cow' as per our scriptures. The cow is fed with some fruits. Turmeric and kumkum ( sindhoor ) is applied on the cow. The inmates touch the cow with a small prayer in their hearts. 

All those who now feel like laughing—one day when you are up sh#t creek without a paddle , try hugging a Vedic humped cow.  Experience it.



TEE HEEE,  Hindus are so stupid , right?

WRONG !

Punch into google search-
NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA  AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL




So what all can be found in a house about to do Graha Pravesham.  It will leave it jumbled, so that you apply your mangy brains.


The dung of the Indian humped cow is covered by a  thin mucous which ling and has a pleasant smell and not foul odor like the western humpless cows..  

Our desi Vedic cows repels flies and mosquitoes and remains clean, while foreign cows remain dirty with flies hovering on them.  The humped Indian cows have a pleasant smell , while the humpless cows give a repulsive odour.    

Indian cows have a shiny appearance and not a furry texture  like the humpless cows –  Cows skin should have short glossy hair with greasy appearance which acts as an insect repellent.  

Indigenous cows with hump have strong immunity.. Frequency of illness is more in the exotic humpless cows



Kumukum . turmeric haldi,  A2 humped cow fresh milk, new stainless steel vessel, ladle, camphor, bell, kalkandi or lump sugar , drinking glasses, Navadhyana (  Bengal Gram, Wheat, Horse Gram, Green Gram, Rice, White beans, Black Seasame seeds, Chickpeas and Black Gram ), washed kodi mundu or new dhoti, mirror, your favourite god pictures, dakshina for pujari and house construction in charge , water (the water source and storage tank is tested days in advance ), plantains, coconut, pomegranate, mango leaves, banana leaves, incenses sticks ,flowers , betel leaves and nuts, holy living water, gold ornaments, rice , A2 humped cow ghee, coins, nilavilakku or deepam lamps,  coconut oil and wicks for lamp, match box, items ordered by the pujari for ganapati homam,  kalasam, lemon , conch, rice powder for rangoli, cleaning fluid organic, broom , mop, vaccum cleaner etc-   take your pick.



The house must be scrupulously clean before the griha pravesh ceremony. Following the house-warming, the family should occupy the property right away, as it is inauspicious to leave the property empty again after these rituals have been conducted.



Griha Pravesh should not be done when the wife ( main lady of the house) is more than 6 months pregnant.

Remember- The secrets of this universe are contained in energy , frequency and vibration. Now you get a general idea why divorces all less in India.



"They who perform their work offering all results to me, who hold their hearts and minds steadfast in me in whatever they do, who worship their work, to them I offer the platform. Doubt it not that they will inexorably reach the top. "

- Bhagwat Gita 12.6/12.8- 4000 BC
********************************************************************
PARADISE ON EARTH KERALA , THE LAND STEEPED IN HISTORY – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AMAZING KERALA , GOD'S OWN COUNTRY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above : Warrior saint Lord Parashurama ( avatar of Lord Vishnu ) who came down to Kerala in 4000 BC.

I have sailed around on this planet for 4 decades.  I have seen what is there to be seen.

National Geographic has rightly called my home state Kerala  “ Paradise on earth ”. 

We in Malabar modestly call it,  “ God’s own country ”.

To be frank, we do NOT care for any certificate or gold medal from anybody, when it comes to declaring our home state – THE MOST BEAUTIFUL PLACE ON THIS PLANET.   

Feast your eyes on the pictures below—and keep what you feel to yourselves.  Sometimes silence speaks the best.

Below:Video of Athirapally waterfalls.



There are ridiculous places like Singapore with PLASTIC gardens, artificial fertilisers and an army of government paid gardeners  , hankering to be called beautiful. -- without a single bird , butterfly, squirrel or even bees to pollinate.   They have zilch idea what it takes to be called the best place on earth.

Columbus set out to in search of this “ land of plenty”  and finally discovered America.   Yes, the whole world had been  trying to find a sea route to this land of riches and spices.



This is the land from which all world religions sprouted. 

Judaism was created by Namboodiris from Kerala.   No wonder the Talmud has racism inherent in it.  King David’s wife ( and Solomon’s mother ) was from Kerala.  




David first fell in love with her when she was taking an open bath ( a married woman Bath Sheba ) , as is custom in Kerala.   

Aristotle had written that Jews are from the Land of Kalari.  King Solomon imported sandalwood to make his palace staircase and teak for his ships from Calicut.

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba killed by Roman emperor Hadrian and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.  The Calicut king resettled all Jews in at Mattancherry, Cochin—when the Catholic Portuguese destroyed their Synagogue at Kodungallur..

Jesus Christ came to Kerala to study healing, astronomy, and to raise his Kundalini.   He took a wife with him from Kerala known as Mary Magdalene.   


Plato , Pythogaras and Ptolemy were students in Kerala , India.   Aryabhatta 2700 BC,  ( Aryan Bhattathirippad ) is the father of Mathematics and he started the Kerala School of Math.




Jesus sent his most intelligent disciple Thomas back to Kerala in 52 AD to set up the second church on the planet at Kodungallur— the cultural centre of the Calicut king. 

I am from Calicut.  

The first church was at Vatican where a Shiva temple existed.  The Shiva Lingam black meteorite stone is in the vaults of St Peter’s Cathedral.   Jesus sent Peter to Vatican.

Islam originated in Mecca , where since antiquity a Shiva temple existed. The Calicut king had his accounts office at Mecca oasis, where the Namboodiri priest acted as accountant. 

The spices from Calicut were taken my ships and unloaded at Salalah. From there it went by camel caravan to Constantinople.  The black Shiva Lingam meterorite stone from the Shiva Temple at Mecca oasis was uprooted and planted on the SE corner of Kaaba in a horizontal position.  It is still there 5 feet above the ground, horizontal. 

The Koran was edited at Kodungallur-  the world’s second mosque is at Kodungallur ( also called Muzris by the Greeks ).

In 643 AD, the favourite disciple of Mohammed the prophet, Malik Ibn Dinar landed at Calicut .  King Cheraman Perumal , of Calicut had given permission to build mosques in Kerala after meeting Mohammed personally at Mecca Kaaba.  

King Cheraman Perumal died at Salalah before boarding ship back to Calicut .  Malik visited the tomb of the Calicut king at Salalah , which known as Tajiddin Hazrat Syedina dargah.
  
The Pharoahs of Egypt wanted Cinnamon from Kerala for embalming their dead bodies.  The Egyptian pyramids were built by Maharishis from Kerala, using Sri Yantra divine geometry.  



The ancient 11000 year old sacred vedic Hindu Sri Yantra triangle dimension of 51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec angle was used for the pyramids.   





Plus the golden vedic ratio of 1.61803 ( which Italian Fibonacci lifted and took from Bejaya Algeria to Europe ).



A stone tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found in the great Pyramid.  It is now in the British Museum. “ Vasanvsi jeernani yatha vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani ”. 


“ As a person puts on new garment,  giving up the old ones,  the soul similarly accepts a new material body giving up the old and the useless ones ".

Below: My wife and elder son at the Egyptian pyramids.



Till the British came with their superior canons nobody dared to attack this rich and beautiful land. The assets the Zionist Banking Cartel , the entire gold in Fort Knox, the entire gold in the US Federal reserve and the Bank of England was stolen by Tipu Sultan from Kerala temples, the fruit of millenniums of spice trade and barter of knowledge to the King Mansa Musa of Mali. 

Tipu Sultan was given gun powder , rockets and long range cannons by the French branch of Rothschild. The English branch of Rothschild, killed Tipu Sultan while he was having breakfast and swiped away his heaped up gold . Rothschild’s ships’s were waiting for this event 5 months in advance in 1799 to sail way with the gold.



Portuguse captain Vasco da Gama came in 1498 and landed at Kappad beach of my hometown Calicut.  He thought he could impress the locals with coloured broken glass and coloured beads –as he had done with the ignorant blacks of Africa. He was soon driven away by King Zamorin.  He got away by taking the King’s close relatives as hostages.

Little did he know that when the white man’s land came out from the ice age in 9500 BC, stayed in damp caves ,doing  grunt grunt for language, eating raw meat , and wearing leaves and barks for clothes—the cultured people here stayed in houses, wrote poetry, ate from a menu, and wore silk diamonds and pearls.

Our war canoes ( very long snake boats, holding hundreds of fierce and well trained warriors with fire arrows and swords  ) could pick up terrific speed, and overtake all ships.

Bodhi Dharma went to Canton in  520 AD and taught the Chinese Shaolin temple monks Kalari—they call Kung Fu there.  The people here were fierce warriors on elephant back ( equivalent of battle tank ) . Their main weapon was Urumi—3 metres long serrated blades , 4 pronged , whose poisoned tips  could break Mach 1 – speed of sound.

The people here are intelligent and boasts of hundred percent literacy.

This state is run over by atheist Communists.  How many of you know that Karl Marx was a German Jew related by blood to German Jew Rothschild,  the owner of British East India company—and that Lenin and Stalin were Jews too.

It was US president Bill Clinton who said in our Parliament : Kerala's social indicators are better than that of the world's best including USA and Scandinavian countries !.



Our flora and fauna have to be seen to be believed---nature at its wildest.

Our King Cobras can eat black mambas for breakfast.  Our pythons will put Brazilian anacondas to shame.  Our peacocks will give Papua new Guineas bird of paradise an inferiority complex.

Our elephants are intelligent , conscious and docile like pet dogs, unlike the angry African elephants.

If some spice is NOT available in Kerala , it is not worth having.

Our tea ,coffee, vegetables, fruits etc grown on organic soil  has its own flavour.

The soil is so fertile, that if you eat a fruit and throw away the seed, within a month , it has already started growing as a plant!

The Malayali people are deeply traditional. When i got married 30 years ago- all the hundreds of guests ate on banana tree leaves with their fingers.

FEED YOUR IMAGINATION ! 

HAVE A VISUAL SENSE ORGY !

ENJOY !









 


 




















 








































































Most of the Kerala temple gold came from Timbuctoo.

Punch into Google search-
MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD  VADAKAYIL

The French has recently destroyed all the ancient books of Mali — and blamed the Islamists for it.


















Grace and peace !





श्रीगुरु चरण् सरोजरज, निजमनमुकुर सुधार ।
बरणौ रघुबर बिमल यश, जो दायक फलचार ॥

Shrii-Guru Carann Saroja-Raja, Nija-Mana-Mukura Sudhaara |
Barannau Raghu-Bara Bimala Yasha, Jo Daayaka Phala-Caara ||

Meaning:
With the Dust of the Lotus Feet of Sri Gurudeva, I Clean the Mirror of my Mind.
I Narrate the Sacred Glory of Sri Raghubar (Sri Rama Chandra), who Bestows the Four Fruits of Life (Dharma, Artha, Kama and Moksha).



बुद्धिहीन तनु जानिके, सुमिरौं पवन कुमार ।
बल बुद्धिविद्या देहु मोहिं, हरहु कलेश विकार ॥

Buddhi-Hiina Tanu Jaanike, Sumirau Pavan Kumaar |
Bala Buddhi-Vidyaa Dehu Mohi, Harahu Kalesha Vikaar ||

Meaning:
Considering Myself as Ignorant, I Meditate on You, O Pavan Kumar (Hanuman).
Bestow on me Strength, Wisdom and Knowledge, and Remove my Afflictions and Blemishes.


- 1 -
जय हनुमान ज्ञान गुण सागर ।
जै कपीस तिहुँलोक उजागर ॥

Jay Hanumaan Jnaan Gunn Saagar |
Jai Kapiis Tihu-Lok Ujaagar ||

Meaning:
Victory to You, O Hanuman, Who is the Ocean of Wisdom and Virtue,
Victory to the Lord of the Monkeys, Who is the Enlightener of the Three Worlds.


- 2 -
रामदूत अतुलित बलधामा ।
अंजनि-पुत्र पवन-सुत नामा ॥

Raama-Duut Atulit Bala-Dhaamaa |
Anjani-Putra Pavan-Sut Naamaa ||

Meaning:
You are the Messenger of Sri Rama possessing Immeasurable Strength,
You are Known as Anjani-Putra (son of Anjani) and Pavana-Suta (son of Pavana, the wind-god).


- 3 -
महाबीर बिक्रम बजरंगी ।
कुमति निवार सुमति के संगी ॥

Mahaa-biir Bikrama Bajarangii |
Kumati Nivaar Sumati Ke Sangii ||

Meaning:
You are a Great Hero, extremely Valiant, and body as strong as Thunderbolt,
You are the Dispeller of Evil Thoughts and Companion of Good Sense and Wisdom.


- 4 -
कंचन बरण बिराज सुबेशा ।
कानन कुंडल कुंचित केशा ॥

Kancan Barann Biraaj Subeshaa |
Kaanan Kunddala Kuncita Keshaa ||

Meaning:
You possess a Golden Hue, and you are Neatly Dressed,
You wear Ear-Rings and have beautiful Curly Hair.


- 5 -
हाथ बज्र औ ध्वजा बिराजै ।
काँधे मूँज जनेऊ साजै ॥

Haath Bajra Au Dhvajaa Biraajai |
Kaandhe Muuj Janeuu Saajai ||

Meaning:
You hold the Thunderbolt and the Flag in your Hands.
You wear the Sacred Thread across your Shoulder.



- 6 -
शंकर-सुवन केशरी-नन्दन ।
तेज प्रताप महा जग-वंदन ॥

Shankar-Suvan Kesharii-Nandan |
Teja Prataap Mahaa Jag-Vandan ||

Meaning:
You are the Incarnation of Lord Shiva and Son of Kesari,
You are Adored by the whole World on account of your Great Strength and Courage.


- 7 -
विद्यावान गुणी अति चातुर ।
राम काज करिबे को आतुर ॥

Vidyaavaan Gunnii Ati Caatur |
Raam Kaaj Karibe Ko Aatur ||

Meaning:
You are Learned, Virtuous and Extremely Intelligent,
You are always Eager to do the Works of Sri Rama.



- 8 -
प्रभु चरित्र सुनिबे को रसिया ।
रामलषण सीता मन बसिया ॥

Prabhu Caritra Sunibe Ko Rasiyaa |
Raamalassann Siitaa Man Basiyaa ||

Meaning:
You Delight in Listening to the Glories of Sri Rama,
You have Sri Rama, Sri Lakshmana and Devi Sita Dwelling in your Heart.


- 9 -
सूक्ष्म रूपधरि सियहिं दिखावा ।
विकट रूप धरि लंक जरावा ॥

Suukssma Ruupadhari Siyahi Dikhaavaa |
Vikatt Ruup Dhari Lamka Jaraavaa ||

Meaning:
You Appeared before Devi Sita Assuming a Diminutive Form (in Lanka),
You Assumed an Awesome Form and Burnt Lanka.



- 10 -
भीम रूप धरि असुर सँहारे ।
रामचन्द्र के काज सँवारे ॥

Bhiim Ruup Dhari Asur Samhaare |
Raamacandra Ke Kaaj Samvaare ||

Meaning:
You Assumed a Gigantic Form and Destroyed the Demons,
Thereby Accomplishing the Task of Sri Rama.


- 11 -
लाय सजीवन लखन जियाये ।
श्री रघुबीर हरषि उर लाये ॥

Laay Sajiivan Lakhan Jiyaaye |
Shrii Raghubiir Harassi Ur Laaye ||

Meaning:
You Brought the Sanjivana herb and Revived Sri Lakshmana.
Because of this Sri Rama Embraced You overflowing with Joy.


- 12 -
रघुपति कीन्ही बहुत बडाई ।
तुम मम प्रिय भरतहिसम भाई ॥

Raghupati Kiinhii Bahut Baddaaii |
Tum Mam Priya Bharatahisam Bhaaii ||

Meaning:
Sri Rama Praised You Greatly,
And said: "You are as dear to me as my brother Bharata".


- 13 -
सहस बदन तुम्हरो यश गावैं ।
अस कहि श्रीपति कण्ठ लगावैं ॥

Sahas Badan Tumharo Yash Gaavai |
As Kahi Shriipati Kanntth Lagaavai ||

Meaning:
"The Thousand Headed Seshnag Sings Your Glory",
Said Sri Rama to You taking you in his Embrace.


- 14 -
सनकादिक ब्रह्मादि मुनीशा ।
नारद शारद सहित अहीशा ॥

Sanakaadik Brahmaadi Muniishaa |
Naarad Shaarad Sahit Ahiishaa ||

Meaning:
Sanaka and other Sages, Lord Brahma and other Gods,
Narada, Devi Saraswati and Seshnag ...



- 15 -
यम कुबेर दिगपाल जहाँते ।
कवि कोविद कहि सकैं कहाँते ॥

Yam Kuber Digapaal Jahaate |
Kavi Kovid Kahi Sakai Kahaate ||

Meaning:
Yama (god of death), Kubera (god of wealth), Digpalas (the guardian deities),
Poets and Scholars have not been able to Describe Your Glories in full.


- 16 -
तुम उपकार सुग्रीवहिं कीन्हा ।
राम मिलाय राजपद दीन्हा ॥

Tum Upakaar Sugriivahi Kiinhaa |
Raam Milaay Raajapad Diinhaa ||

Meaning:
You Rendered a great Help to Sugriva.
You Introduced him to Sri Rama and thereby Gave back his Kingdom.


- 17 -
तुम्हरो मंत्र विभीषण माना ।
लंकेश्वर भये सब जग जाना ॥

Tumharo Mamtra Vibhiissann Maanaa |
Lamkeshvar Bhaye Sab Jag Jaanaa ||

Meaning:
Vibhisana Followed your Advice,
And the Whole World Knows that he became the King of Lanka.


- 18 -
युग सहस्र योजन पर भानू ।
लील्यो ताहि मधुर फल जानू ॥

Yuga Sahasra Yojana Para Bhaanuu |
Liilyo Taahi Madhura Phala Jaanuu ||

Meaning:
The Sun which was at a distance of Sixteen Thousand Miles,
You Swallowed It (the Sun) thinking it to be a Sweet Fruit.


- 19 -
प्रभु मुद्रिका मेलि मुख माहीं ।
जलधि लाँधि गये अचरजनाहीं ॥

Prabhu Mudrikaa Meli Mukh Maahii |
Jaladhi Laadhi Gaye Acarajanaahii ||

Meaning:
Carrying Lord Sri Rama's Ring in your Mouth,
You Crossed the Ocean, no Wonder in that.


- 20 -
दुर्गम काज जगत के जेते ।
सुगम अनुग्रह तुम्हरे तेते ॥

Durgam Kaaja Jagat Ke Jete |
Sugam Anugrah Tumhare Tete ||

Meaning:
All the Difficult Tasks in this World,
Are Rendered Easy by your Grace.


- 21 -
राम दुआरे तुम रखवारे ।
होत न आज्ञा बिन पैसारे ॥

Raam Duaare Tum Rakhavaare |
Hot Na Aajnyaa Bin Paisaare ||

Meaning:
You are the Gate-Keeper of Sri Rama's Kingdom.
No one can Enter without Your Permission.



- 22 -
सब सुख लहै तुम्हारी सरना ।
तुम रक्षक काहू को डरना ॥

Sab Sukha Lahai Tumhaarii Saranaa |
Tum Rakssak Kaahuu Ko Ddaranaa ||

Meaning:
Those who take Refuge in You enjoy all Happiness.
If You are the Protector, what is there to Fear?


- 23 -
आपन तेज सम्हारो आपै ।
तीनों लोक हाँकते काँपै ॥

Aapan Tej Samhaaro Aapai |
Tiino Lok Haakate Kaapai ||

Meaning:
You alone can Control Your Great Energy.
When you Roar, the Three Worlds Tremble.


- 24 -
भूत पिशाच निकट नहिं आवै ।
महाबीर जब नाम सुनावै ॥

Bhuut Pishaaca Nikatt Nahi Aavai |
Mahaabiir Jab Naam Sunaavai ||

Meaning:
Ghosts and Evil Spirits will Not Come Near,
When one Utters the Name of Mahavir (Hanuman).




- 25 -
नाशौ रोग हरै सब पीरा ।
जपत निरन्तर हनुमत बीरा ॥

Naashau Rog Harai Sab Piiraa |
Japat Nirantar Hanumat Biiraa ||

Meaning:
You Destroy Diseases and Remove all Pains,
When one Utters your Name Continuously.


- 26 -
संकट से हनुमान छुडावै ।
मन क्रम बचन ध्यान जो लावै ॥

Samkatt Se Hanumaan Chuddaavai |
Man Kram Bacan Dhyaan Jo Laavai ||

Meaning:
Hanuman Frees one from Difficulties,
When one Meditates on Him with Mind, Deed and Words.


- 27 -
सब पर राम तपस्वी राजा ।
तिनके काज सकल तुम साजा ॥

Sab Par Raam Tapasvii Raajaa |
Tinake Kaaj Sakal Tum Saajaa ||

Meaning:
Sri Rama is the King of the Tapaswis (devotees engaged in penances).
And You (Hanuman) Fulfill all Works of Sri Rama (as a caretaker).



- 28 -
और मनोरथ जो कोइ लावै ।
सोइ अमित जीवन फल पावै ॥

Aur Manorath Jo Koi Laavai |
Soi Amit Jiivan Phal Paavai ||

Meaning:
Devotees who have any Other Desires,
Will ultimately get the Highest Fruit of Life.


- 29 -
चारों युग परताप तुम्हारा ।
है परसिद्ध जगत उजियारा ॥

Caaro Yug Parataap Tumhaaraa |
Hai Parasiddh Jagat Ujiyaaraa ||

Meaning:
Your Glory prevails in all the Four Ages.
And your Fame Radiates throughout the World.


- 30 -
साधु संत के तुम रखवारे ।
असुर निकंदन राम दुलारे ॥

Saadhu Sant Ke Tum Rakhavaare |
Asur Nikandan Raam Dulaare ||

Meaning:
You are the Saviour of the Saints and Sages.
You Destroy the Demons, O Beloved of Sri Rama.


- 31 -
अष्टसिद्धि नव निधि के दाता ।
अस बर दीन जानकी माता ॥

Assttasiddhi Nava Nidhi Ke Daataa |
As Bar Diin Jaanakii Maataa ||

Meaning:
You can Give the Eight Siddhis (supernatural powers) and Nine Nidhis (types of devotions).
Mother Janaki (Devi Sita) gave this Boon to you.



- 32 -
राम रसायन तुम्हरे पासा ।
सदा रहो रघुपति के दासा ॥

Raam Rasaayan Tumhare Paasaa |
Sadaa Raho Raghupati Ke Daasaa ||

Meaning:
You hold the Essence of Devotion to Sri Rama.
You Always Remain as the Servant of Raghupati (Sri Rama).


- 33 -
तुम्हरे भजन रामको पावै ।
जन्म जन्म के दुख बिसरावै ॥

Tumhare Bhajan Raamako Paavai |
Janma Janma Ke Dukh Bisaraavai ||

Meaning:
Through Devotion to You, one gets Sri Rama,
Thereby getting Free of the Sorrows of Life after Life.


- 34 -
अन्त काल रघुपति पुर जाई ।
जहाँ जन्म हरिभक्त कहाई ॥

Anta Kaal Raghupati Pur Jaaii |
Jahaa Janma Hari-Bhakta Kahaaii ||

Meaning:
At the End one Goes to the Abode of Raghupati (Sri Rama).
Where one is Known as the Devotee of Hari.




- 35 -
और देवता चित्त न धरई ।
हनुमत सेइ सर्व सुख करई ॥

Aur Devataa Citta Na Dharaii |
Hanumat Sei Sarva Sukh Karaii ||

Meaning:
Even without Worshipping any Other Deities,
One Gets All Happiness who Worships Sri Hanuman.


- 36 -
संकट हरै मिटै सब पीरा ।
जो सुमिरै हनुमत बल बीरा ॥

Sankatta Harai Mittai Sab Piiraa |
Jo Sumirai Hanumat Bala Biiraa ||

Meaning:
Difficulties Disappear and Sorrows are Removed,
For Those who Contemplate on the Powerful Sri Hanuman.


- 37 -
जै जै जै हनुमान गोसाई ।
कृपा करहु गुरुदेव की नाई ॥

Jai Jai Jai Hanumaan Gosaaii |
Krpaa Karahu Gurudev Kii Naaii ||

Meaning:
Victory, Victory, Victory to You, O Hanuman,
Please Bestow your Grace as our Supreme Guru.


- 38 -
जोह शत बार पाठ कर जोई ।
छुटहि बन्दि महासुख होई ॥

Joh Shat Baar Paattha Kar Joii |
Chuttahi Bandi Mahaasukh Hoii ||

Meaning:
Those who Recite this Hanuman Chalisa one hundred times (with devotion),
Will get Freed from Worldly Bondage and get Great Happiness.


- 39 -
जो यह पढै हनुमान चालीसा ।
होय सिद्धि साखी गौरीसा ॥

Jo Yah Paddhai Hanumaan Caaliisaa |
Hoy Siddhi Saakhii Gauriisaa ||

Meaning:
Those who Read the Hanuman Chalisa (with devotion),
Will become Perfect, Lord Shiva is the Witness.




- 40 -
तुलसीदास सदा हरि चेरा ।
कीजै नाथ हृदय महँ डेरा ॥

Tulasiidaas Sadaa Hari Ceraa |
Kiijai Naatha Hrday Mah Dderaa ||

Meaning:
Tulsidas who is Always the Servant of Hari.
Prays the Lord to Reside in his Heart.



पवनतनय संकट हरन,
मंगल मूरति रूप ।
रामलषन सीता सहित,
हृदय बसहु सुरभूप ॥

Pavanatanaya Samkatt Harana,
Mamgal Muurati Ruup |
Raamalassan Siitaa Sahit,
Hrday Basahu Surabhuup ||

Meaning:
Sri Hanuman, who is the Son of Pavana, who Removes Difficulties,
Who has an Auspicious Form,
With Sri Rama, Sri Lakshmana and Devi Sita,
Please Dwell in my Heart.










Above: Trissur Pooram -- an ocean of consciousness 





Above: The largest pilgrimage on this planet is Sabarimala of Kerala ( NOT Kumbh Mela ).
The whole idea is to see the 3 light flashes.  



The few seconds of time between the second and third flashes is one of pure awareness, which causes group resonance and quantum entrainment.  Prana is amplified and focused like a laser beam.
********************************************************************
NAGGING, UNHAPPINESS AT HOME , DEATH OF MARRIAGE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TO NAG OR NOT TO NAG ,   WORLD DIVORCE RATES ,  CULTURE OF CYNICISM ,  BATTLE AXE SHREW,   SEXUAL FRUSTRATION AND NEGATIVITY IN MARRIAGE,  EGO AND THE NEED TO DOMINEER AT HOME,   BOHICA  -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Country  /         %  Divorce    
Albania /                     19       
Armenia/                     17       
Australia/                    48       
Austria/                       47       
Azerbaijan/                  12       
Bahamas/                     5         
Belarus            /           45       
Belgium/                      71       
Bermuda/                     25       
Bosnia & Herz/             8         
Brazil/                         24       
Bulgaria/                      47       
Canada/                       49    
Chile/                           3         
China/                         22       
Colombia/                    9         
Costa Rica/                  47       
Croatia/                       25       
Cuba/                          53       
Cyprus/                       28       
Czech Republic/           66       
Denmark/                    49       
Dominican Rep/           41       
Ecuador/                     20       
Egypt   /                     17       
El Salvador/                23       
Estonia /                     58       
European Union/          47       
Finland    /                   47       
 France            /           55       
 Georgia/                     19       
 Germany/                   49       
 Gibraltar/                    49       
 Grenada/                    22       
 Greece              /        25       
 Guatemala/                 5         
 Hungary/                    67       
 Iceland           /           37       
 India/                         0.08                
 Iran/                           14       
 Ireland/                       15       
 Israel/                         30       
 Italy    /                      27       
 Jamaica/                      9         
 Japan  /                      36       
 Jordan  /                     25       
 Kazakhstan/               27       
 Kuwait           /           42       
 Kyrgyzstan/                16       
 Latvia /                      52       
 Lebanon/                    17       
 Libya /                        5         
 Liechtenstein  /           48       
 Lithuania/                   53       
 Luxembourg   /           62       
 Mauritius/                   17       
 Mexico  /                    15                  
 Moldova/                    42       
 Mongolia/                   32       
 Montenegro    /           14       
 Netherlands/               46       
 New Zealand /            45       
 Nicaragua/                  17       
 Norway/                     46       
 Panama/                     27       
 Poland            /           28       
 Portugal/                     69       
 Qatar  /                       29       
 Rep of Macedonia/      11       
 Romania         /           28       
 Russia /                      51       
 Saudi Arabia/              20       
 Serbia /                       22       
 Singapore/                   28       
 Slovakia/                    47       
 Slovenia/                    38       
 South Africa/              17       
 South Korea/              35       
 Spain  /                      62       
 Sri Lanka                   0.19                 
 Suriname/                   31       
 Sweden/                     49       
 Switzerland/                52       
 Syria   /                      9         
 Tajikistan/                   6         
 Thailand/                    25       
 Trinidad nTobago/      35       
 Turkey   /                   20       
 Ukraine/                     42       
 United Kingdom/         51       
 United States /            56  
 Uzbekistan  /              8         
 Venezuela/                 27       
 Vietnam/                    4          


The foreign funded Indian media is engaged in endless propaganda to divide India by gender.   Today your wife can divorce you for marital rape ( claim she was raped 10 years ago or forced to do oral/ anal sex ) ,  and grab your ancestral property,  thanks to the Catholic waitress.


Hinduism survived 800 years of slavery and repression, only because there was spirituality and happiness in the home. BIG BROTHER wants to destroy this happiness.   

If you see MTV ROADIES / BIGG BOSS  etc you will come to know.    Women are encouraged to abuse men in a most filthy manner, on national TV.   

They get the worst Indian shrews on TV for this.

In Goa the Pope was successful in destroying Hindu values.  A big percentage of the miniscule divorce percentage of India is from city bred Goan Catholics—mostly in Mumbai.

Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER VADAKAYIL




How do I qualify to write a piece on nagging?

Well, 30 years of marriage – not one single fight – not one single occasion to get nagged !

Does that mean I am a perfect husband?

No – it just proves that both me and my wife know the ground rule — and that is ( there are no rules at home ) ,  we do NOT breach -nay- betray a trust at home .  



There is a deep sense of belonging.  

It is give and take.

Why is the Indian divorce rate the least?  

Why do you think the white man has always come to India for life management solutions?   They give a damn for their own Oprah Winfrey and Sigmund Freud.

Western marriages fail as there is too much of DRIP DRIP nagging at home..  Nagging focuses on what a person is not doing,  and hence has a negative focus .

The white man goes to a marriage counselor , to iron out his problems at home. 

What they do NOT realize is ,  nagging is just a symptom of a deeper psychological conflict.  So how can nagging in itself be a marriage killer.  

If you have some perception, it aint possible, right? 



Nagging destroys the mindsets of young growing up children psychologically.  Nagging is an enemy of love , if allowed to persist .  When one spouse acts like a parent or a mean boss to the other one,  it erodes the institution of marriage.

Most of the nagging takes place in a western home , as they have love marriages where the equation is 50:50.  Before they get married they show the best profile to each other. 

After two months of marriage , the sexual attraction weakens and slowly they start noticing each other’s warts,  which were camouflaged before .  



Previously he used to wake her up with breakfast in bed and kisses galore.   Now he expects bed tea from her, with NO kiss in sight..

In an arranged marriage the equation is never 50:50,  for there can never be two captains on one single ship.   Rather it is 49:51.

Love is spontaneous , and is a fresh flower. Marriage is calculating and is a plastic flower. That is why the married woman is frustrated , because she is waiting for certain things that happened in the past, to happen again – whispers of sweet nothings, those moonlight walks -- 

Why are they not happening again? 

They cannot happen because now there is no spontaneity; now love is a mundane routine. Now everything is expected and demanded.  Now love has become a duty, not a fun. It was fun in the beginning; now it is a duty. And duty cannot give you the same bliss that fun can give. 

Her mind has created the whole thing. Now she goes on expecting, and the more she expects the less is the possibility of its happening.

Nagging—the vicious verbal abuses,  the demeaning talk,  the blame game, the one upmanship,  the personal attacks,  the immoral manipulations,  the need to make the husband feel stupid , the heartache rising out of vulgar ultimatums, the endless pestering—nay- hectoring , does not put a man into a giving mood— and thus a vicious cycle is born.




Above : Standing in front of the TV while nagging , makes things worse.


Nagging  promotes negative and destructive emotions such as vitriolic censure, anger, condemnation and deep emotional agitation cum resentment in both partners.  

Nagging can never be an effective way to communicate your needs and will almost always produce negative results. He will just cut you off mentally , stop hearing you, and the more you nag, the less he will respond to your needs. 


Somewhere along the line, the woman has graduates from partnership to dictatorship.   There is no reality, only perception.   What seems an imminent need or a dire emergency for the pea brained woman many not be the same for the husband, who has just home after a hard and enervating day at work.


Quite often out of spite, she will make her husband watching a favorite LIVE soccer match on TV , strip, to put his clothes in the laundry machine , to fill it up — when there is NO need to do this—he has alteast 20 such pairs of washed clothes lying in the wardrobe.


In a happy home, there must never be a call to surrender your dignity.  Support must be politely invited not commandeered.  There must not be any rules for rules sake.  



In arranged marriages we avoid, all these petty quarrels, as both husband and wife come from the same culture, and they know what their parents did and how they managed their daily mundane chores.  This division of household chores has come down generations, since antiquity. 

All this is NOT engraved in stone.  There is give and take in a pleasant graceful atmosphere.  In Hindu homes we do NOT have raised voices.  

In my wife’s ancestral house , girls were meant to be seen and NOT heard.  Unless a woman is a schizophrenic or suffering from hysteria ( a medical condition ) she will NOT be shouting and screaming at home.


It does NOT means there can be no disagreements at home.  Truth and tact co-exists with grace.  Even if there is a minor argument, the aim is progress for the family and household , never personal victory and one upmanship.



No husband will want his wife and children to suffer, or loss of finances because he refused to do something,  or he is laid back for a while on a Sunday.   It is the battle axe shrew’s “I want it to be done now”  and “on the spot” decisions that leads to this emotional tussle.   

And most of the time, it is all about her hormones (estrogen dominance over progesterone ) playing up  - or plain starvation of a good manful pounding.  Because it is a vicious cycle, a beautiful woman woman can become as attractive as a drowned cat when she starts drip drip nagging—and it is difficult for a man to get it up.

Now what is this good manful pounding or humping ?  When this happens the woman ( in the throes of immense pleasure) sounds like a wounded animal . 

Punch into Google search-

MURINGAKAI , QUANTUM MEDICINE AND HAPPINESS TREE VADAKAYIL

I have explained it very well here.





Hardly any husband on this planet would expect his wife to shovel the snow or carry the heaviest shopping bag , unless he is having a bad back.  Which man will expect his wife to change the car tyre or fight off a bully?  

But he may not like to hang out the linen to dry on the clothesline in the yard ,  because it is NOT a manly thing, and none of his forefathers had ever done it.   He would rather prefer to employ a maid and waste some money from the tight budget , rather than to do this simple chore which erodes his mindset as a protector and a provider ..

I remember once, I had to go on the bridge for arrival port at 4 AM, and the passage was very tricky.  Since I had NOT got enough sleep, I made strong coffee in my cabin itself.  While taking this cup up to the bridge I spilt some coffee on the stair case.  I went on the bridge checked out everything and then came back to my cabin for a crap.  

I nearly slipped on my spilt coffee , a grave near miss . 

Instead of waking up the steward or telling the quartermaster/ lookout man  on bridge to clean up the spilt coffee ,  that I took a wet mop and mopped the splilt coffee up.  And after that , being in an expansive mood  ( I was reminded of my happy cadet days ) I started mopping the whole staircase, singing an old song out of nostalgia.  I felt some eyes boring my head from the back.

After a month Chief Officer told me that most of the crew got up from their sleep , and came to see Captain wiping the floor with a mop in that unearthly hour.  And the hot subject of discussion was , if I am still fit to lead .  



For them I am a awesome man whose aura is so powerful that they would NOT come within one metre of me while passing by in an alleyway ,  to avoid getting an electric shock by induction.

As my neighbor I had the ex-ruling Varma family of North Kerala .  The wife was a silent shrew.  She used to make her peace loving husband do all petty chores.   




When I am in the lawn,  I pretend I cannot see him out of sheer kindness ( I liked that bloke ) ,  for he would die a thousand deaths .


The wife’s  nagging might be the repetition of unpalatable truths, but the husband hates nagging, especially after a hard day. Men unwind by forgetting problems..  To be treated like dirt by the woman he married is slow death for a man.  

When nagged 99% men will  stop communicating and go into a deep sulk .   The women nags just to get centred,  men cannot handle this .

If a man screws  up royally , say he bought some rotten vegetables ( TEEE HEEEEE ! ) , if you say—“ it was not your fault”, he will love you for the support and acceptance as he is —this is not the time to go into a high pitched, high octave truth finding exercise. Would he ever bring rotten vegetables to the house , if he could avoid it?

Men want space, give him that. Man can get angry ( actually upset ) if he has no dang idea what to do next—it need not be finger pointing at the woman.

Give man the freedom to say NO—it does not mean he means NO and will not say YES as a matter of free manly choice.

When your husband is upset lie low, till the hurricane passes.  This is a bad time to match him blow for blow.


A man who has leadership spirit will rarely suffer nagging at home.  He ensures that there is open minded spirit at home, not defensive egos.   He gets compliance out of commitment and he applies this rule to himself first. 





Punch into Google search-
BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP VADAKAYIL

At sea, the sailors are the children of the Captain – whom he has to take care 24 hours a day.

I had written a poem about this.


THE CAPTAIN SLEEPS TONIGHT-

after six months of camping, in lonely avenue
wound up taut,  like a high tension spring
suffering from the blues , when lonely winds blew past
falling apart from the seams,  when bad new came from home
yet,  never allowing a sight to get out of his heart
controlling his biological urges,  being the perfect family man
changing coats constantly,  as the situation on board deemed
judge, doctor, policeman, accountant, pest control, cook
journalist , plumber, head shrink, soldier ( without license to kill )
businessman --you name it--he does it as part of his job
round the clock, not 9 to 5 -- day after day, without holiday
giving away prizes, which he , and only he had earned
yet, willingly being the scapegoat , when murphy's law ruled
trying to figure out the blurred line between fact and fiction
living on the edge, never feelin' immune to the prospect of failure
working for bosses who had mastered the art of exploiting vulnerability
steeling himself to read telexes which started -- "we fail to understand--"
being the punching bag for thankless owners , managers and charterers 
being forced to take uncalculated risks, against his better judgement
trying to push his ship, to keep pace with a pea brained schedule
pushing mr.pride aside,  when dealing with customs and coastguard
itching to bloody their noses , but somehow,  holding his peace
forcing him to add more names, to the list of people who could kiss his ass
being patient to wait for one more minute, past eternity
dealing with faceless men, and spineless backdoor hustlers
who got their kicks ,by sending missiles by telex from overseas
rubbing shoulders with powers that be , who put their mouths into motion
without putting their collective brains into gear --even once
deadening his raw nerves in the cold comfort of whisky heaven
--the days his bosses played petty mind games of domination on him
distrusting angels which fly too low-- not believing in messiahs
burning bridges behind him , when the situation became 'no go'
combating the sinkin' feeling that time is running out on him
time and again, counting the odds against tomorrow
wearing lucky charms , combating ulcers and nose bleeds
yet thriving on the virus of pressure , like the quintessential shark
which need to suck salt water past its gills to stay alive

after all this--
this modern seafarin' gypsy has passed on his crown of thorns
packed his bags,  and is now a stranger in even stranger lands
destination home-sweet-home, his DTGH is only one 
wending his weary way to his hotel room, he drops on the bed
the windmills of his mind come to a smooth halt , as he falls into slumber
they had been ceaselessly turned by winds of anxiety, the last six months
it is unwinding time now for this poor wanderer

HUSH!
NOT A SOUND!! 

THE CAPTAIN SLEEPS TONIGHT!!!





A nagging woman sweats the small stuff for no reason at all and loses grace under this self imposed pressure.   She labors to change the wind in a pea brained manner , when all it needs is to adjust the sails a wee bit.  

She is always  in tunnel vison , microscope mode.  Getting into the telescope mode to see the big picture is beyond her hare brained mental faculty,  which gets its input from mindless chess board logic.  

She has her eyes fixed on the rear view mirror most of the time and is unable to discard the shed snake skins of the past.  Her huge ego is always on the front burner boiling over .   Her own bullsh#t map is more important for her, than the real terrain.



She cannot distinguish between constructive criticism and destructive personal attack.  She employs crude ego powered strategies like name calling in raised shrill voice.  Her queen sized ego confuses opinions with facts.  She is unable to distinguish between action and reaction any more .  



By the way does any of our foreign funded Indian media ever distinguish between action and reaction at Godra.   They never dwell on the fact that the 2002 riots in Gujarat were a REACTION due to an ACTION of dozens of innocent Hindu women ( 25 ) and small children ( 15 ) being burned alive with kerosene in a train compartment.

The nagging shrew must wax indignant, opening past baggage strewing the sordid things around – only to get the upper hand ,and live in it , and never to draw healing lessons.   




She finds it necessary  to re-open old healed wounds on her own time table , all the while moaning aloud in persecution mode. 






She revels in high handed domination and intimidation—some times snide hints that she might commit suicide if something is NOT done the way she wants and the minute she wants.   The man knows that if he does not acquiesce she will give him an overdose of indifference, apathy and lack of enthusiasm , as punishment.  

She will blow hot and then blow cold- from high pitched yodeling and melodrama to sullen silence , like how dentists pries your teeth out with a to and fro movement.



She is addicted to self pity and gets stuck in that moment. She burns all her energy in sustaining her falthu ego and then gets pooped. 



Above : Every body in England knows this battle axe Julie Griffiths, who gets fined often for noise pollution. Wanna marry her?  She is available !

She shifts goal posts whenever she wants and rearranges blind spots and shadow sectors in her radar in a vulgar and mean manner.



Above: We in India , know this virago.

When she is in full NAG NAGG flow, the things that matter most are always at the mercy of things that matter the least.


Harsh words by a woman (who has lost her moral compass) , to her beloved husband are like nails driven into wood.   She may later remove the nails, by way of making up — but these holes remain forever in the psyche.

Many men yield when nagged, only because they know that yielding is a valuable skill to preserve sanity and for the larger interests of the children.   He tries to brainwash himself that his wife’s NAG NAG is the power of accurate and wise expression and NOT cynicism at its fuc#in' best.   



Maybe unknowingly he really fu#ked it up— like the quintessential tom cat who always wonders what it dragged in..

Tasting success she will now nag even more—like small kids crying for ice cream and getting it for sure , while they cry..



Above: Any takers -- wanna marry this BIG BOSS shrew ?

She will NOT understand that in a home ethos is shared, and the concept of scapegoating cannot exists , if there has to be harmony.   That a house must be run on trust and not control.   How lomg can the poor husband romance the stress while on the receiving end hour after hour.  

Whatever needs to be done had to be done sans all the endless drama , without trampling on the dignity of everybody else in the house.

BREAK : Now let us look at the silver lining -- at least by reading this post --  

moth eaten faces who come on TV in prime time   giving "extravagant advise" to the nation ( their only qualification being PHILMI-- nay - filmi journalism of cash and kind ) --

can figure out there is more to perception and thinking -- and they can NEVER EVER do this even in a hundred re-born lives. 

Getting back-

She will NOT understand that if a man perceives that he is being coerced and arm twisted into doing something , it erodes the relationship.   

There are some gold digging women who do this --  when she sees a money bag she can con into marrying her — and then kick out the LOSER first husband .

If a man cannot fart and scratch his balls to his heart’s content in his own home, while having a beer and watching his favourite soccer team on a Sunday  , where is he gonna do it?  -- in his neighbour’s home?.




Socrates and Abraham Lincoln were famous people who went home only to sleep — as their wives were battle axe nags.  

In Hindu homes, the hardest task master is the own conscience of both the husband and wife. As mentioned in the Bhagawat Gita , all live in the moment. This is why the Indian divorce percentage is miniscule.  

Whatever percentage you see are the HI FI chutney Marys and Pickle Johns and the moth eaten faces, who ape western culture..have love marriages and have Valentine’s day.  

The Catholic priests who have never married, give marriage counselling.  

I was once given a blow by blow account of this “counseling” by my Chief officer – a Goan Catholic, who lives in Mumbai .  He said he was sort of brainwashed that he must obey his wife and keep her happy at all costs — by a gay priest ( notorious and well known ) .  

"You have to put your spouse's needs before your own -- and when she is forced to nag you  that's a sign  care-taking is not happening BLAH BLAH ".


" In case your future wife nags you, you must accept full responsibility , and must strive to improve the  home environment that has triggered a nagging response in your future wife—OH BOY !.


Marriage counselors know that nagging is the leading cause for discord and divorce. So make the husband nip nagging in the bud—by “total surrender” .  TEE HEEE !




My wife verified this with his wife,  just because I could NOT believe all this.   A gay bachelor priest advising a young couple about to be married on how to sustain a marriage.

In Hindusim we do NOT have a holy book or a Pope type middle man .  The Bhagawat Gita swearing was a requirement in courts as per British law.   Hindus use their conscience and culture embedded in their DNA.   Statistics speak the truth , right?

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL


The nagging woman has taken a trick out of "evangelist" religion— to create a "sense of guilt", so that she can milk the situation.   She uses perfectionism to achieve this goal, and this perfectionism arises out of repressed sexuality .   Perfectionism is nothing but a deep ego trip.   

She will NOT allow her husband’s  life its freedom.   All her so called pain is all self chosen, as nagging is a vicious self defeating cycle..  She is literally shooting herself in the foot by this endless nagging, as this will surely deny her the joys of a happy marriage.

The nagging  is so busy comfortable in finding fault with her husband , that she fails to see any good in him . Her husband is afraid to show any love and affection, for fear of caustic rejection –with a kick on the shin for good measure.   After all this she may say it was not her intent but it was a faulty delivery. But Madame MIM , delivery is what matters.

She fails to see innocence in her husband’s mistakes.  Her falthu sense of justice cannot be balanced with an iota of compassion.  She would rather spin her wheels endlessly on enforcing compliance to her stupid rules . You see she is the queen bee and NO worker drone can challenge her “inflicted “ status quo and activity traps.  

She is unable to even listen to a point of view without getting threatened and flowing out a flood of tears.  The husband is at the receiving end of her selective perceptions and distorted and pea brained interpretations.   

Grace and honour within the confined of the home , has gone for a toss.  The impressionable children die a thousand times unable to digest all this.   Even these small kids know that the mother is trying hard to win a bullsh#t battle at the expense of losing the war — which means divorce.

Her love for her husband is limited because insane ego and selfishness is contained in it , and hence she wastes her energy in resentment.   Her unhappiness is an ego created mental cum emotional disease. The chatter of her ego continuously disrupts her natural state of well being.  Her stress is all within her mind , not by external threat from her husband or children.

Her queen sized ego creates suffering without recognising it.  She lugs a huge  amount of unnecessary baggage, both mental and emotional through out her married life.

She has to hang on to  old emotions to strengthen her identity and gain leverage and hence an upper hand. She will  disagree with her husband in public  just because he is the one who said it.  He fathu ego makes her take everything personally.


She deliberately mistakes a short memory for a clear conscience and hence is miserable within. Her overbearing ego must  create rules for rules’ sake in the home; Her family will  NOT even miss her if she goes on a 3 month vacation to the Himalayas.

She will brood endlessly on her petty grievances, and can never hold a vision that can lift her out of herself.

She substitutes her thinking capabilities with  loud cynical hollering capabilities.  When she argues with her husband she will act as if she is fighting for survival and there is a imminent need to win at all costs. OK, she wants a sense of order and security—but hey, how about giving a sense of freedom to other people in the house, who are NOT retards, as she thinks .

Such is the self delusion caused by female ego which  thrives on reactivity.  The danger zone is when she starts thinking that her so called  accomplishments earns her the right to be condescending, obnoxious and down right abusive.  

The PARADOX is that suffering caused by the ego eventually destroys the ego—she realizes that after a couple of divorces, and when her children refuse to acknowledge her as their mother.

Someone just broke my “rant against the shrew” flow by making a comment , about giving some advise to men.

So here we go—

Women like to talk, and are generally not satisfied with grunts, monosyllabic responses.  If a man must praise another woman's beauty ,  cooking skills etc , don't get extra effusive.   Better keep it short, academic, and low-key,  for a woman has an elephant’s memory when it comes to giving it back to you with interest .

Sometimes when woman nags , don't jump into conclusions and start feeling guilty just yet because chances are that her nagging has very little to do with you.

Most western women nag because it is in their nature to do so.   They grew up watching all this on TV , most of the women around them doing it , and so they figured out that it was the best way to handle men and their occasional inability to function to their expectations.

Psychologically a woman wants you in her moment of need , not the next hour.   Some women even nag to unwind – it is her away of getting her problem over to you.   If you can show some understanding, care, and respect, without argue with her feelings, it will help.   But remember , you cannot be an as$hole and allow her to carry on hour after hour , day after day.

You breach trust when you intimidate her , or lash out physically -- the relationship is now irreversibly weakened—like milk which has curdled.   If you have done that mistake, make amends immediately .  Take her out for a drive ,  buy her some gifts, give her a good manful pounding even if you do NOT feel like it— will it was your fault, right?

Validate her feelings if she is upset. Compliment her cooking—all her dishes cant be horrible, right?. Sometimes women nag over some seemingly insignificant thing in order to work their way onto larger issues.  If you dig in deep , chances are her intentions are good, she just needs a little work on her tact and approach.  

So unless you plan on dumping her, you gonna have to learn to anticipate, deal with, or simply avoid her nagging.   In Hindu homes we do NOT have the luxury of dumping her. The word divorce does NOT exist in our ancient scriptures and the Sanskrit dictionary. Good relationships are based on mutual care taking and love.

Most women give off signals when they're unhappy.   If she gets unusually silent, ignores you with a sullen face, or is just plain indifferent,   sh#t is gonna hit the fan sooner than later.  

Try to figure out what she's angry about,  before she tears into you innards , and fix it good —that is if your care for your children.   But if the fighting and nagging outweigh the good times, and the children are getting traumatised ,  it might be time to move on...

Be prepared that your next woman might be ten times worse,  and you with get a different type of a nagging shrew,  who may hit you or BOBBITT you while you sleep.



Lorena Bobbitt who cut off her husband's penis.




Lorena Bobbitt cut off her husband's penis, while he was sleeping at midnight. Then she drove far away and threw the severed penis into a unused field . 

She later said in court-. ."He always have orgasm, and he doesn't wait for me to have orgasm.  He's selfish."

Nagging disguises a basic feeling of weakness and provides an illusion of power and superiority—this is psychology.

What the Bobbitt incident proves is that most heavy naggers are mildly psychotic, if not full-blown lunatics.   Most of the schizophrenia and OCD drugs are consumed by women all over the world. Husbands with such wives , you must know that this can happen to you too.   

When my parents seared for a bride for me, the No 1 item was there can be no schizophrenics in the immediate family.  

Mr Bobbitt whose penis got chopped off will agree with me.  His fault was that he did NOT continue humping till she too had an orgasm.  But Madame MIM , that is not the way the cookie crumbles. 




Once a man has an orgasm, his “apprentice saab” –nay-  favourite member goes limp--PHOOOSSSSS !.



When a man marries a woman he has accepted her with all her imperfections— which crops up day after day, after he gets married --for love marriages.   He has  to accept her and all of her imperfections if he really wants to keep her.   

After deep unhappiness caused by drip drip nagging,  worse than Chinese water drop torture-  he must decide how long he can deal with it, or if it's worth dealing with at all.  When incessant nagging gets to a point where he just can't take it anymore, then it might be time to let go.   

Chances are that you both already know it's over, and that is one of the reasons she is griping so much.  Chances are that she wants to grab half your money and move on to greener pastures.

Most women do NOT know that incessant nagging not only drives her husband mad,  it deflates his libido which hurts intimacy.

Women must know that broken record nagging -- asking for the same thing over and over again – will never ever work.  Such whining and nagging takes the form of verbal reminders, requests, and pleas.



Above: Pea brain in action.  Women’s lib magazines are dedicated.  50% of the magazine is about how men are such dirty pigs.  The other 50% deals with how to attract such a pig.   It is NOT about fish or child support.

 

When the nag nag woman approaches a man baring her teeth, and her claws ,  berating him with vile criticisms, and nagging his head off,  his body perceives danger and switches into the fight-flight mode.  Since he doesn't want to fight her, he flees instead to the nearest bar or golf course or movie theatre.


When the husband is under attack and in the defensive mode,  his receptive antenna for feelings is shut down.   So the nagging woman may as well benefit from a “white flag” heart to heart session, than from the hounding, pouncing or  “let ze sh#t fly”  mode . 



When a man gets  verbally castrated every hour at home,  he cannot be happy.   Nor can the children who love their dad.   Women who nag their children destroy what balance fragile self-esteem they might have, leaving them a legacy -- the therapist's couch.

Couples who went for love marriages first revel in their similarities , as they hid their warts from each other.  Gradually they get to discover their differences , and the woman tries to nag her husband to safe common ground.  How many of you have heard of a nagging husband ?

When a nagging woman sees her 7 year old son enjoying a cone of icecream ,  she has to fast-forward to obesity and diabetes.  She has never been in the moment-- the way the Bhagawat Gita want us to be.. 



This is what she has become -- a misanthrope monster !.   

While the husband would be enjoying the sweet sight of his dear son slurping and drooling all over the icecream.



Is it ever possible to nag someone into permanent change?  Having worked as a change manager myself, I can tell you, it is impossible.   Nagging can  produce only a short-term result that looks positive.




I have been a ship captain and leader of men for 30 years.  Have I ever done any nagging like a woman as a leader of men? – all this extravagant faultfinding,  endless whining,  biting criticism,  cynical tongue lashing,  hairsplitting,  nit-picking,  persistent pestering,  phlegmy wheedling , relentless swiping and sniping --




Nagging puts the vicious disrespectful woman is the parent role and her "inadequate" husband ( at the receiving end ) in the child role.  This tears the marital  relationship  asunder .

If the nagging woman avoids blame game phrases, "You always..." and "You never..." ,  and switches to a more respectful "would you " rather than "could you "— she could make things happen.  

Tone matters.

No self respecting man will respond to sniping condescending retorts – for he does not deserve the indignity of an elaborate response.   Rather she has to find another way to deal with her personal frustrations.

I would suggest that she buy a white board and a marker pen with three different colours—red ( imminent ) , blue  ( urgent ) and black ( at your convenience ) .  

Don’t fix it behind the TV, and steal his moment--  rather fix it near the door.

PAY ELECTRICITY BILL— RED

CHANGE BULB IN GARAGE --  BLUE

MOW THE LAWN  -  BLACK.


Above must be done only if there is a TOTAL breakdown in communications.  The woman must learn to communicate in a graceful and constructive manner with her spouse for her own good.  

It’s annoying to hear a hectoring voice, so the white board is a way to suggest tasks without words.


“Now try and remember you  idiot , I’ve told you a dozen bloody times,  to stop off at the supermarket and but some butter . You will forget as usual .   If you come home without it today , you’re going right back out ! ”  . Instead just write – BUTTER.

If a wife has decided she wants you out of her life, nagging may be her way of forcing you out of the home you share.  This was told to me by an old Swedish  captain.   

Over a couple of drinks in a pub ,  he told me how one fine day his girlfriend walked into his house with a suitcase of dirty underwear,  how they became man and wife, and how she changed into a drip drip nag, and after 8 years how he had to leave his own house under court orders ( she made his darling daughter lie in court that she is afraid of her father ) ,  with a suitcase of dirty underwear.  And within a week she had taken in her lover.

The Swedish Captain was caught unawares. He said that he kept a check for missing money.  A woman who plans to leave her husband often becomes nagging prior to actually leaving.  The nagging may simply be a way to distract her husband while she steals his money and hides it in a new bank account. In his case she cleaned him out and forced him out of his own home.



Nagging gives the husband a feeling that he is being scolded by his mother.  He has grown out of this pahse of life and he does NOT to go back there again—for the rest of his married life.

He does NOT respond usually because probably it is an unpalatable truth thrown at him without tact and he knows that his answer will disappoint his wife or get her even more pissed off.  

Pretty soon he will fight with his wife about her nagging rather than talking about the issue at the root of the nagging—which could be plain sexual repression.

The husband at the receiving end of severe nagging may look superficially to be cool , with a glazed long distance stare-- but internally he is in knots with even his brain clenched.

If the wife has to curb her nagging , first of all she has to accept that she is a nagger and stuck in a rut or mud or whatever.



Above:   Battle axe shrew nagging her car-- " IT IS ALL YOUR FAULT!! "


She must look at the mess from her husband’s perspective.  Why does she put all my good qualities and deeds in her shadow or blind sector —  which she keeps shifting around within in her personal radar at convenience – doctoring feelings just to gain the vulgar upper hand .


Not many husband will mind too much if his wife cautions him against excessive drinking,  smoking or eating unhealthy food bad for his heart.  Rather he will appreciate her love and concern deep within his heart.

But if her nagging is an effort to perfect her partner and polish his manners or etiquette he does not want it. He is happy the way he is , and it puts him off.


Bumpkin cricketer  Azharuddin tried to keep up with the style of his HI FI actress wife , and got disgraced for life.

The nagging shrew tries to dominate her husband subconsciously,  while trying to get a point across –rather she piggy backs on each point,  to rub his nose on the ground.

Psychologists will tell you that wives who nag are often saddled by a deep inferiority complex and are insecure. Their nagging tries to camouflage this feeling of inadequacy-- it provides an illusion of power and superiority.

No marital relationship is that perfect ( leave out Capt Ajit Vadakayil ).   At one time or another, one partner will  end up doing something that upsets or annoys the other.



Every husband perceives nagging as a form of punishment by a control freak.    A real man can take a blow, but harsh demeaning words linger for ever in his psyche.

You must have heard of the LTTE movement.  

The root cause of this,  is that the Sri Lankan Buddhists soldiers took an air chamber filled with sh#t in a helicopter and sprayed it on Tamilian  Hindu villages.

Nobody talks about it today. 



This type of a demeaning act of contempt can never be forgotten.  If they had bombed the village killing a few people, it could have been forgotten and forgiven.

Having said so much, let us go back to square ONE now--  

When a woman nags her primary aim is to nitpick and find fault in her husband, right?

How can this ever build up a relationship?

It will break it down, right ?  If you don’t agree with me, tomorrow go to office and bad mouth and demean your boss.  Come on—take a chance !




Do we need psychologists to figure all this out , right? — or for the matter a marriage counselor,  who tries to milk the situation.   He will put his hooks on and milk you multiple times.

These people make you lie on a couch—take answers out of you and give it back to you gift wrapped, for a price.



Only by eliminating nagging can you eliminate negativity, resentment and hostility. Only then can the your relationship  blossom .  Marriage has to be viewed as a compromise, in this context—if you want to foster acceptance and a  healthy relationship. 

Remember it is within your control to turn this situation around for the sake of happiness and peace at home —and for the benefit of your children who are in the cross fire or wind tunnel or whatever.  All it requires is some emotional integrity.

Home is a place to de-stress, if you have some commonsense , you will know what I mean. No point in white knuckling your life at home.  Remember it never hurts to ask politely rather than complain like a bit#h.



A husband –wife relationship is inter-dependence, with of course a fair amount of independence. There is NO need to box each other in. Get rid of the negative energy in the house.  Focus on the positive in the relationship and refuse to allow negativity into your relationship space. 


Negativity in a marriage is emotionally draining, and constant negativity and complaining on the part of the wife may make the husband simply give up trying to be positive.


Whatever is needed must be requested in a polite and respectful manner.  If the wife wants a heart to heart , first ask if it is a good time to talk.  Just say what you want and then shut up—don’t go on and on.   Shed your high and mighty attitude. Remember your husband does NOT have the same priorities as you.  

Let him do certain things on his own terms.  Men love the feeling involved in making his woman happy, and they become more giving and proactive in response to being appreciated.

The woman may perceive that thinking aloud as being a good thing at home. When you are a certified nag , even this is construed as nagging.  The poor guy will think that by thinking aloud his wife is giving him a list of problems that she expects him to fix,  and will get stressed out.  It  is better NOT to do that.




In India we have slums where a mother and a baby sleeps just 3 meters away from the railway track. A dozen trains may go up and down,  the mother does NOT wake up.  But the moment her baby even whimpers in the sleep, the mother wakes up to nurse the baby .  Same with loud nagging for the man — his brains filters it out.

The man with a nagging wife must know the symptoms of obsessive compulsive disorder— OCD—in which case his wife need all his support and love , till she can be cured or managed.. 

Same way, It has been shown medically that during a woman's ovulation and menstruation, particular hormones are being released and these hormones have some irritable effect on the woman, which for some can be translated as nagging.  



Only the erudite woman will understand what is happening to her from her insides.  Hormonal changes as she ages cause frustrating symptoms, such as  pussy- nay-  vaginal dryness, loss of orgasm and low libido.  



Above:  When I put this graph for my Karva Chauth post --  many Pickle Johns called me " Doctor at large" -- wanna do it again? ,  ye brown sahibs or wannabe gora fuck#n' sahebs or whatever ?.

For women, progesterone and estrogen must be maintained in a delicate balance to ensure optimal sexual health.  Estrogen dominance is a common problem observed in nagging women of all ages. 

Women suffering from low levels of progesterone or too much estrogen may find their mental state unraveling and their relationships difficult to manage.  The man must know that estrogen powered nagging is NOT a behavior pattern motivated by a need for dominance.




In my home there is hardly a waking hour where we do NOT laugh and make merry.  There is no feeling in anybody , to lash out at anybody .  

Nobody has the sneaky feeling that he or she is under attack.  My home has never known backbiting,  griping and bad mouthing. There is never splitting of hairs.  

We have never tried to change the culture in which we grew up,  and hence we are in our comfort zones.  As the man of the house,  my position is never ever under threat.  My position is less as a controller and more as a coordinator.  

I balance my authority at home, with a sense of humour.  Laughter is extra ordinarily liberating as well as healing.

Sailors who have sailed with me will vouch that the captain is a Master in Humor Management.

Punch into Google search-
HUMOR MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL

Shared laughter creates a bond . Laughter is the shortest distance between human hearts . Lasting happiness comes from accumulation of unforgettable fun moments . 

These moments must be mostly moments of achievement while you had fun too. In a unhappy state everything gets blown out of proportion, magnifying fathu concerns. 

At home we tap into moments of joy again and again and absorb them into our present moment. The key to success is to ride the line between happiness and contentment and to balance satisfaction with aspiration.

And I do NOT betray the trust of my family,  come what may.  

If I tell my wife “ I am gonna divorce you”— she will just go to the kitchen , make a cup of strong coffee for me ( or a chilled beer ) --- and them command me “ Come on , have this and go to sleep, el pronto  !”   She will NOT believe me at all .

Attitudes in my home are caught and never taught.   I feel good when I see my 19 year old son, saying a small prayer in Malayalam prose before he goes to sleep.  Sometimes I eavesdrop, and his prayers are really hilarious – innocence and good upbringing at its best.  

The first thing my wife does as soon as she gets up is to light the lamp in our puja room.   The pet cats will always follow her ,  jump on the window sill , and watch every inch of her progress, while she prays.   


I guess they feel that a good thing is going on, for they run to the puja room before she can enter.




In my home, nobody is required to fake his or her true behavior.  We are ourselves, for everybody else has been taken, right?

In my home, if you see hard labour, it is always self imposed and self started.  Ego is sacrificed on the altar of co-existance.  All know what is expected of them, and they do it cheerfully. We do NOT see the present with eyes of the past conditioned and coloured by ego.  

Any change is the home is anchored culturally.

As a ship captain and a leader of men, I have gone out of my way to respect the culture of united nations crew.  I give them their type of food for starters.  

I remember a South Korean Chief Engineer joined my ship,  and he was so surprised to see Kikkoman’s soya sauce on the dinner table, right in front of him, with some Khimchi , for good measure.

Punch into Google search-

RESPECT CULTURE VADAKAYIL

 A house does NOT become a home, without an abundance of grace and honour.  Compromise is never considered as weakness , and this comes out of care and love.  Yet nobody is a prisoner of war to tradition— there is no strait jacketing at all.  

Romance aint a Caribbean cruise, an expensive meal in a 7 star hotel or a lavish gift of diamonds. Rather, romance lives and thrives in the everyday, little things.  Happiness is FREE. A content wife is a Kohinoor laden crown to her husband.

A man who gets nagged badly must record her voice using his mobile phone and play it back to her when she has snapped out of her ugly mood.  

Love at home is  like a plant –it must be watered and nurtured, by both man and woman.  

And be sure your misery is NOT because you are competing with the Joneses.  Nowadays FACEBOOK is the cause of most miseries – arising out of jealousy ulcers..



I would recommend that all “inadequate” husbands with nagging wives know the contents of the post below.

Punch into Google search-

JEALOUSY, THE GROWING ULCER WITHIN VADAKAYIL

To break the nagging wife’s routine, frequent getaways are a must— either together or alone.   If she still nags you the same way, while on a weekend holiday, it is better for you to go alone and stay somewhere in a hotel or with a friend, without telling her when you will be back..

Tell the nagging wife to make a written list and give it to you.
I LOVE YOU WHEN YOU-
I HATE YOU WHEN YOU-
I WISH YOU COULD CHANGE YOUR UNDESIRABLE BEHAVIOR WITH RESPECT TO-
Tell her to be brutally frank, when writing this—because it is for her own good.

Joke:  Once a couple , due to be married soon ,  were petting in the park on a bench.   The female asks the male for a verbal exercise like the above.   Then she pesters — what other changes will you make for me, what other vices will you give up for me .  The would be husband says “ I have given up the idea of marrying you” – and he walks away.

When you have a nagging wife — discern rather than judge. Don’t be the first to offend.  Always reciprocate a good thing. Live in the NOW.

Now let me say something that will get the wannabe gora gaand , PJ/ CM in sarcastic mode— oh boy they are gonna sneer for the next one month..

Blockages or restrictions of chakras will result in imbalance and disease at psychological and emotional  level.  Get her to do pranayama.  Rather do it together.   

The focus of the lower 3 chakras is ourselves.—security , sex and power.  Unless these 3 are balanced the love we feel in our hearts will be conditional As we move up each chakra switches its polarity.  For men –the root, solar plexus , throat and crown chakras are yang , our outer way ( the rest inwards ).  For the women the sacral, heart and 3rd eye is yang.  

When the Manipura or solar plexus chakra is blocked, there is  a sense of victimization and lack of emotional stability.   My wife uses a quartz crystal pendulum to check this out. When the sacral chakra or the Swadistana is blocked , there will be emotional problems and frigidity.



The Hindu woman puts sindoor on her forehead daily.  This is also an antidote to nagging as it fills her with a sense of gratitude .

Punch into Google search-


SINDOOR, VERMILION , THE HINDU WOMAN'S MARK OF DHARMA AND GRATITUDE  VADAKAYIL


To nourish the nagging wife’s spiritual needs, plant a garden.  Walk on the sea shore , with your bottomless enigma , if you are near one.

Some rock salt in satchels hidden in the bed room behind curtails or under the bed , absorbs negative energy. Incense we use in Hindu homes, is known to purify our space, raise our vibrations, protect us from negative influences and enhance our spiritual healing.  This prevents demons from the past  slaughtering your present.

Try and eliminate the fears in her life.  Fear and negativity sends creativity into hiding.

Hope must never die in the home. A home becomes a house when it is devoid of hope or even a vision. Pain is part of the process of moving from where you are to where you wanna be. 

Encourage dissent in your nagging wife.  Allow her  to voice resistance. When resistance is diverted it too often becomes covert and destructive.

If she is attending kitty partied or subscribing to women’s lib magazines— tell her to stop it. 

Presidents of Women Liberation Organisations , still demand that they must be first rescued from sinking ships.  Women’s lib magazines advise her to go through her life , demanding to see the manager.

It is your own fault, for you failed in some wisdom   “Respect yourself and others will respect you”.

At least you should strive to make the silence between you and your nagging wife to be comfortable.

When all you have tried has failed—because she is a shrew of the first order— either kick her out or think of the children and suffer her out.  Remember, she will still force you to yawn with your mouth closed or fart without smell.

Nagging is like living next to the airport—after a while you don’t notice it anymore.  And you wont get ulcers , if you know what I mean.


It is easier to put on slippers that to carpet the whole world.   “ Be yourself “ is obviously the worst advise you can give your shrew.   

When all else fails –there is always self delusion.   Happiness can be a  poor memory too.





MY NAGGING WIFE

Sometimes I like to sit and contemplate about things I like, just to destress
But then I am sure to be rudely interrupted by mE loud nagging wife
She will holler,  don’t just sit there you slob, there is plenty for you to do
As if on cue she will moan and surely pick up mE shoe and mE socks
What the hell is wrong with you,  whole day you sit around like a lazy bum
Moan moan moan , nag nag nag,  this endless routine goes all day long
Right from when I  get up from bed , till I drop back into a weary slumber
Why cant she just be quiet and leave mE poor head and mind alone,
All her nagging about this and that and everything is driving me up the wall  
Can't imagine she was once the sweet girl I adored and then fell in love
How she has changed to a shrew who aches for a chance to kick mE shin 



EVERY GIRL WHO WANTS TO GET MARRIED-- MUST READ THIS POST-- THIS IS HER MODERN DAY BIBLE -- THE QUALITY OF HER FUTURE LIFE BOILS DOWN TO THIS..
********************************************************************
SUKHOI SU-35 THE RUSSIAN UFO JET FIGHTER PLANE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Above: The fearsome Russian SU-35.

At the 50th Paris Air Show at the Le Bourget airport near Paris, June 22, 2013, a Russian war plane, gave the cocky US air force and their narcissistic  cowboy top-gun pilots a huge inferiority complex.

There has never ever been an awesome display like this ever before.

The Americans think that their F22 stealth Raptor is the best .

Well think again.

This SU-35 can whip any US fighter , including the Lockheed Martin's F-35 Lightning II and F-22 Raptor.

The Su-35  is equipped with an infra-red search and track system that could detect stealth aircraft within a range of more than 80 km . 

Below: SU-35 pilot ejecting.




Stealth is for RADAR -- not for IR, which is sensitive enough to detect the heat of a jet from head-on as well, either infra-red energy generated from the hot air coming out of the engines, from air friction heating the airframe, or both

Astonished experts at the Paris airshow dubbed the awesome Su-35, the "UFO" for its outstanding maneuverability.

Below : SU-35 vertical takeoff by a jet fighter



The fighter jet performed all kinds of stunts, including Pugachev's Cobra, the Frolov Chakra, the Dead Leaf, and the unprecedented Pancake, which is an horizontal 360-degree made turn without losing speed.

BELOW:   SU-35 WITH NUCLEAR STRIKE CAPABILITY.




The execution of Pugachev's Cobra, an amazing maneuver in which a jet fighter raises its nose to a vertical position (or even a backwards lean), greatly reducing its forward speed.  In this position the pilot must increase power to maintain constant altitude, which, combined with a continued forward motion without roll or yaw, is a prerequisite of a properly executed Cobra.

A layer of radar-absorbent material has been applied to the engine inlets and the front stages of the engine compressor, halving the Su-35's frontal radar cross-section (RCS).  Other RCS-reducing measures include modifications to the canopy to reflect radar waves.

The radar is capable of detecting a 3-square-metre aerial target at a distance of 400 km , and can track 30 airborne targets and engage eight of them at the same time.

SU-35 costs less than 40 million USD, just 28 % of the cost of an F22.

The F22 has a fuel volume of 2687 gallons, while the SU-35 has 4410 gallons.  

The operational range of SU-35 is 3600 kms while the F22 has only 2960 kms.

The F22 has a speed of only 2410 km/hr  while the SU-35 has 2500 km/hr.

SU-35 has anti-warship and nuclear strike capabilities, which the American F22 does NOT have.

The SU-35 has room for a passenger and an extra pilot , with freezer –which the F22 does NOT have.

Below: The American stealth fighter F22






ENJOY !










The Russian pilot treated the 4th gen plane as an extension of his own body , caressing and stroking it. 

The Su-35 has become the first Russian fighter jet to take part in the Paris Air Show since 2001, while this is the first time 1991 the US has not presented a fighter jet at Le Bourget—probably because they knew they would come second best with their fifth-generation US F-35 and F-22A.

Below:  Russian SU-35 doing Frolov Chakra



Below:  SU-35 doing Pugachev's Cobra.



Below: SU-35 
********************************************************************
ARANMULA AIRPORT KERALA , MINDLESS RAPE OF PRISTINE ENVIRONMENT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PRIVATE AIRPORT TO FACILITATE THE ANNUAL MARAMON CHRISTIAN CONVENTION SET UP BY BRITISH TO COUNTER SABARIMALA PILGRIMAGE,  ECO DISASTER WITH EXTINCTION OF RARE AYURVEDIC HERBS , UNWARRANTED HASTE OF SYRIAN CHRISTIAN POLITICAL LOBBY , WHERE JEWS CLAIM TO BE CHRISTIANS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





I am posting on this subject on request from few of my readers.  Today the Aranmula airport has got the environmental clearance , without doing a proper study.

I became aware of this "conspiracy", the day President of India Pranab Mukherjee , yet again proved to be a Congressman first  lead by the nostrils by his party Chief -- a foreign Italian Catholic woman ,  instead of being the first honorable citizen. 

In Feb 2013, while addressing the joint sitting of Parliament , Pranab said “the Centre has given in-principle clearance to set up greenfield airport at Aranmula in Kerala"-- when the critical environmental clearance was still pending.

In India we know the Styrian Christian political lobby of Kerala CM Oommen Chandy, AK Antony defence minister , PJ Kurian - Dy Rajya Sabha chairman and KV Thomas - MOS for agriculture --ably assisted by the Kerala Syrian Christian media owners -- sponsored by R for divide and rule before Independence, like the Parsis and Chitpavan Jews -nay--Brahmins..  Unlimited media freedom was given to these immigrant races.



Above: KV Thomas and PJ Kurien -- pro-airport supporters

Today incoherent AK Antony is No 2 in the Congress hierarchy. 

He was a Mr Nobody, till a bizarre incident took place in India where a rocket scientist on the verge of a critical break through in creating a indigenous cryogenic engine was declared a spy and jailed . Today after 2 decades India has still NOT got this technology..

Punch into Google search-

ISRO SPY CASE , S NAMBINARAYANAN, INFILTRATION OF SECURITY AGENCIES BY DOUBLE AGENTS VADAKAYIL

Christians have equal rights to India , as Muslims or Hindus or Sikhs or whoever— and they have every right to do what they want. They have every right to arrange Christian pilgrimages OR even to compete with the nearly Sabarimala  .

Last year Sabarimala had 57 million pilgrims , while adjacent Maramon Christian convention had 1 million—from all parts of the planet.

Foreign funded Christian NGOs are active participants in this religious cum pleasure junket for foreigners. 



These foreigners want an airport nearby. They do NOT want to drive through potholed  Indian roads from Kochi which is just about 100 kilometers away by road.

And mind you these foreigners as VVIP who also meet the Congress President as part of the junket. VVIPs like the Archibishop of Cantebury,  big wigs of World Alliance YMCA, World Vision etc.



But consider this —  why rape the ecology and environment of your pristine motherland  , for the travel comfort of some foreigners who had enslaved India and stolen all our wealth ?

After 4 decades of sailing around the globe , I can tell this. The West have quietly gone back to clean rivers,  blue skies and green fields.  

They “allow” the third world to spoil their lands , so that they can buy a ready made product cheap - made in a third world country.





So what happens at this Maramon Convention?

Here is info from one of my crews who has attended it for 3 years.

Preaching and Bible study occupy the major part of the convention programme.  In the morning there will be separate Bible study classes for men, women, youth and children conducted by specially invited leaders.  

In the mornings and afternoons there are public meetings and in the evening, meetings for men.

Four of the afternoon public meetings are for ‘’Social evils awareness” which is pagan religion Hindu bashing—they will NOT dare to abuse Islam or Sikhism or whatever.  

Social evil is Hindu culture. 

These people who attend this convention ridicule the “superstitious “ Hindus, for worshipping snakes .

When the airport comes up the runway goes over a 6000 year old Snake temple.  100 years ago, Kerala had 30000 Snake temples.  Today less than 5000 are left.

Usually a Hindu will never build his house in an area which had a snake temple.  So usually this land was sold to Muslims and Christians.

These snake temple lands were left alone. Nobody went that side for thousands of years, even to collect firewood.  When people wanted rare herbs they kept a piece of Kayam/ Hing/ Asafoetida in their pockets , collected the stuff in the daylight and came out in a jiffy.

The ground is fungus laden and full of rare ferns.  Snakes of Kerala do NOT bite you unless you step on them or corner them.  

So these green pockets all over Kerala, usually with a water body or pond,  has the richest of flora and Ayurvedic herbs. 

Below:  A typical snake grove of Kerala -- nobody goes there unless they want a medicinal herb..



I would suggest to the Kerala Government of Kerala NOT to allow destruction of Hindu snake temples.

The atheist communists and the Christian and Muslim MLAs and Ministers make fun of the superstitious Hindu.  I do hope they understand the environmental impact, and look at it from this perspective.  The venomous snakes  kept the greedy man away and did NOT allow him to rape that virgin grove of eco-system. 



The vast multitude of medicinal herbs found in Kerala cannot be found even in the rain forests of Africa and South America or the Far east.  These ecological havens are a legacy left behind by our wise ancestors .  



The British encouraged converted to Christianity tribals to grow tapioca, which increased the number of rats.  The rat snakes ate the rats which destroyed crops.  The King Cobra in turn ate these snakes to maintain the eco-balance.

Three years ago I blogged on the use of the juice of fresh tender Papaya tree leaves for increasing the blood platelet count after a disease like Dengue .  The count increases overnight  . 




Today the whole world uses this 6000 year old Ayurvedic remedy.  There is NO allopathic medicine which can do this .



Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

Or for the matter a herb called Kizhar Nelli for Jaundice and liver problems.  This herb was in great demand by the Pharaohs of Egypt and the Kings of Palestine.  

We all know there is NO medicine in western allopathy for Hepatitis B and A, while Kizhar Nelli can cure ABE.. This herb cannot cure Hepatitis C , but it can prevent it.



The whole vulgar contention is – if Puttuparti of Sai Baba can have its own private airport   — why NOT Maramon?   The Puttaparthi airport is merely located around 6 km away from the famous Prasanthi Nilayam Ashram of Sai Baba. 

Hullo— this airport has not RAPED the ecosystem  and the biodiversity !!

Below: Have we not seen and experienced what happened at Kedarnath?



Syrian Christian KP Yohannan is actively involved in the annual Maramon conference.  If you want to know who this self proclaimed archbishop , who owns thousand of acres of land and thousand of crores of rupees 

Punch into Google search-
KP YOHANNAN WIKIPEDIA.

In his book "Armies Of God: A Study In Militant Christianity", British-born,  academic Iain Buchanan has criticized K.P. Yohannan for welcoming the Tsunami in 2004 by terming it as "one of the greatest opportunities God has given us to share His love with people".   



The western evangelist world were indeed dismayed , and according to Iain Buchanan “such evangelicals thrive on suffering and disaster”.

In an interview, Yohannan said his 14,500 "native missionaries" are giving survivors Bibles and booklets to the Tsunami survivors about about "how to find hope in this time through the word of God."   

What do you call people who take opportunistic advantage of human misery ?  What do you call people who set YESUNAMA pre-conditions for disaster relief ?  Have you seen pedophiles giving lollipops to innocent young boys and girls.



Rothschild has always used the Syrian Christian run vernacular media to their advantage before Independence.  Edwina Mountbatten had recommended MO Mathai, a Syrian Christian as his assistant for the PMO—though he was trained in the US military in spying.

MO Mathai was charged with spying and dismissed by Nehru himself in 1959 after serving for 13 years. .

Katherine Frank , THE American biographer refers to the controversial SHE chapter which MO Mathai apparently wrote for his autobiography, Reminiscences of the Nehru Age, but withdrew it before the book went to press, as there were NO accepters.  The purported She chapter is available on the website www.swordoftruth.com.  

On page 153, which is Chapter 29, the publisher's note says, "This chapter on an intensely personal experience of the author's, written without inhibition in the D.H. Lawrence style, has been withdrawn by the author at the last moment."  The entry is dated November 1, 1977.   MO Mathai apparently talks about Indira Gandhi aborting their love child-- are we to believe this spy ?.

Kerala state just produces 10% of her food needs.  Yet 80% of the 500 acres earmarked for the project were paddy fields.   

The 350 acre part of the paddy field was originally owned by K.J. Abraham of Kozhencherry , the Chairman of the Pathanamthitta based evangelist Mount Zion Group ( Mount Zion is in Paletine ) . 

He was facing legal action for possession of land far exceeding the 15-acre limit prescribed by the Kerala Land Reforms Act.   

Hindu temples have been deprived of their land long back, but the Christians can hold large tracts of estates -- most of them handed over by Rothschild to their Syrian Christian benami Indian fronts when they left India after Independence..

The Airport project is being promoted by the Christian KGS Group.  Reliance Anil Ambani Group,  has a 15 per cent stake in the group's flagship company.  On 14 February 2013, Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy justified the state government's decision to pick up a 10% equity in the project.  

You must know that the first Maramon convention was held for 10 days from 8 to 17 March 1895, and was arranged by Rothschild , a Jew. The venue was the vast sand-bed of the Pampa River next to the Maramon church.



Conversion of a portion of the 3,500-acre paddy field without an intelligent study , would  impact on the remaining wetlands, disturb the food chain, and accelerate the depletion of fish resources as well as other flora and fauna in the Pamba river basin. 

All this is when an expert team has identified and declared  Aranmula as a heritage village by the United Nations Development Programme.

The Aranmula airport runway is being constructed over the Kozhithode canal, which empties into the river Pampa at Edayaranmula.  This stream is a major water source for the agricultural lands in Aranmula and nearby villages.  This stream replenished the groundwater . 

The whole area is an ecologically fragile region of wetlands that feed the holy river Pampa. Several species of fish migrate upstream from the river through the canals to the water-logged paddy fields. 

Reclamation of these wetlands would deprive the fish of their breeding grounds. Once an airport comes here the whole area will be urbanized and full of plastic waste.

The Pamba river is considered as the Dakshina Ganga (Southern Ganges) and is  associated  with the world’s largest pilgrimage centre  Sabarimala.  

Pilgrims take a bath in the river. Pampa originates at Pulachimalai hill in the Peerumedu plateau in the Western Ghats at an altitude of 1650 metres and flows downhill and finally empties into the Vembanad Lake.

Why are we allowing the paddy lands and wetlands to be  converted, nullifying the Kerala Paddy land and Wetlands Conservation Act, 2008.  Is this some national emergency or for security of the nation ? 

Why are we shivering and palpitating over tourism ? Are the foreigners more important than the natives ?



Kerala was the first in the country to bring out such an act to save its dwindling wetlands and fertile paddy fields.  Kerala must be self sufficient in food.  Today India is a proud country as we are self sufficient in food.

The Aranmula Parthasarathi Temple, one of the most ancient temples of India will never know any peace after this airport comes up.   

Hinduism is the religion from which every major religion Judaism , Christianity,  Islam,  Zoroastrianism , Sikhism, Buddhism,  Jainism etc  originated.   Never mind if they have converted OM, to AMEN or SHALOM  or 786 or OMKAR or whatever.


 

They allegedly plan on shortening the kodimaran, the gold  plated flag staff for safety of the planes.  A 6000 year old culture is being torn apart -- deliberately for a Christian convention .

The distance to Aranmula from both the Trivandrum International Airport and the Cochin international Airport is just 96 km air distance.  The Government must ponder if Kerala requires a 5th Airport - the private one proposed in Aranmula.  As it is today, the State will have one airport at an interval of 150 km when the Kannur airport is commissioned.

The Kerala Government must realize the importance of  agriculture and fish culture.  Wetlands formed over thousands of years serve to control flash floods ( like the one at Kedrnath ) , to nourishing the fish ponds and drinking water wells .  

Below: Aranmula water sport.



Aranmula is famous for its  metal mirrors.   While working to make a crown for the presiding deity of the temple – Lord Parthasarathy,  they accidentally stumbled upon a unique reflective property of one alloy comprising mainly of copper and tin.   



Above: Kerala women do NOT have UGLY thin upper lips or "fried eggs for tits" -- where the west puts plastic. 


Above:You can grate coconuts on thin upper lips --- every Miss World western girl competitor puts plastic on her upper lip -- to look like Anjelina Jolie


 

.

The craftsmen have keep this alloy a family secret.  All ancient Kerala kings used this mirror.

Now let me digress-


Now, I must re-write some history here. I hasten to add that some of my very good friends ( my wife’s too ) are Syrian Christians –and all of them read my blogs. Let me state that none of them will get annoyed with me, for they know that I am NOT a rogue at heart.

First of all Syrian Christians must stop claiming superiority of the rest of the Kerala Christians.  This cultivated myth of St Thomas who landed at Kodungallur ( Muzris ) , the cultural centre of the Calicut king , converting 12 Namboodiri Brahmin communities must be stopped.

 I am from Calicut. 

You cannot hijack history and claim higher status for yourself, from the rest of the Kerala Christians.

First of all, the Namboodiris will NEVER EVER NEVER EVER convert to Christianity—for the simple reason that- 

IN THE GAME OF LIFE THEY HELD ALL THE 4 ACES, and they are NOT stupid enough to ask for a redeal.  

They could have sex with any attractive woman they fancied.  This type of thing has never ever happened on the planet.  

Punch into Google search-

THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH VADAKAYIL

The Namoodiri Brahmins were HIGHLY RACIST , and they created Judaism. Namboodiri Brahmins who went to Jerusalem were the initial Jews at Palestine. 

King David’s wife was a Namboodiri woman.  Bath Sheba was a married woman , the wife of a soldier of King David, who fell in love with her, when he was doing “peeping tom” while she took an open bath Kerala style.  



King Solomon’s wife is hence a Namboodiri woman.  The racist Namboodiris created the racist Talmud. The Jews must revise this book, if they want to live in harmony with other races and religions on this planet. The Illuminati Jews know all this , and have kept this as a BIG secret.

Syrian Christians are called Nasranis.   Jesus Christ studied in Kerala for three years before he burst upon the scene in Jerusalem as an adult.  The woman he had with her Mary Magdalene was a Namboodiri woman from Kerala.  The racists Jews converted her into a whore.  

You must remember that India was easily accessible by ship, as this tradition existed even before the Egyptian Pharaohs..   People who tried to come via the Hindu Kush mountains died a horrible death , or were captured as slaves enroute, and made to work in mines, till they died.



Lot of information about Kerala came to light from the travel accounts of Ibn Batuta, Chinese Admiral Zheng He and the kings of Mali , who traded their gold for ready made written knowledge from Kerala , in translated versions.

The Latin Christians of Kerala are looked down upon by the older converts , the Kerala Syrian Christians.  The Latin Christians were converted by Francis Xavier, recently—and that too BY FORCE..

You must know that Vasco Da Gama came to Calicut in 1498 AD. All those who think that he came to Calicut by accident, must examine their heads.  The Egyptian pyramids were built by Maharishis from Kerala, using the Sri Yantra divine geometry calculations.

Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL

The Latin Christians of Kerala are looked down upon by the older converts , the Kerala Syrian Christians.  The Latin Christians were converted by Francis Xavier, recently—and that too BY FORCE..





The Egyptian pyramids were built by Maharishis from Kerala, using the Sri Yantra divine geometry calculations.






A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.



Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL

And can you believe this?

The Syrian Christians and the Latin Christians look down on the rest of the Kerala Christians , almost as if they are untouchables.   This third variety has been converted by the British Christian Missionaries and the German Basel Mission .  

The Basel Mission along with the opportunistic Tamil Iyers converted Malayalam to be the tape worm parasite in the intestines of old ancient venerable Tamil -- just shat out yesterday ..

Punch into Google search-

HERMANN GUNDERT, HERMANN HESSE AND MALAYALAM VADAKAYIL

The Syrian Christians must get down from their high horse.  I am sorry, I have to prick their bubble forever .

When St Thomas died in 72 AD in Kerala ( Tamils contest this as Mylapore ), the word CHRISTIAN had NOT been formed at Antioch by martyred Ignatius.  The seat of the patriarchate was formerly Antioch, which is now in Turkey. 

In the 15th century, it was moved to Syria in response to the Ottoman invasion. The Roman Catholic Church also claimed the patriarchate and appointed titular Latin rite patriarchs for many centuries until it renounced those claims in 1964, for good.   

Antioch was the capital of Syria before Christ was born.  Antioch was a chief center of early Christianity. The city had a large population of Namboodiri descendants and Hindus in a Jewish origin in a quarter called the Kerateion.

When St Thomas was alive  the followers of Christ were known as Nazranis, a name that continues to be used in Kerala.



The origin of the term "Christian" is given in Acts 11:25-26 as follows:

Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul, and when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.



During the time of Emperor Vikramaditya vedic havanams used to be conducted at Gobekli Tepe , Turkey.   



In 7000 BC Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam.  



In the type of mandala , after the havanam, the site is buried.  Here is a broken statue head dug up at Gobekli Tepe, Stonehenge of Turkey . The hair do is typical of a Hindu priest who does the Vedic Havanam.  



Most European Stonehenge sites are still to be excavated.  These are throw away mandalas, allowed only one single use

Syrian Christians must know that St. Thomas converted the Palestine Jews, ( and NOT Namboodiri Brahmins as they falsely claim  ) who were already in Kerala. 

Rothschild knows all this, that is why he gave concessions to Syrians Christians, before Independence and handed over their assets to their crypto Jew chamchas , when they left India for good in 1947.  


The Syrian Christians used their influence with Rothschild and made sure that the Latin Christians were officially included in the backward class category.   

Hey, my foreign reader Christians, can you believe this? You better !! 

The Chitpavan Brahmins must know that they are NOT Brahmins by any stretch of the imagination.  They are Bene Israel Jews of mixed non-brahmin blood. BR Ambedkar married a Chitpavan Jew –nay- “Brahmin”.

 Below: Chitpavan "brahmin"



In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.

In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.

 In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut.( the year St Thomas died in Kerala )  . These Jews are fair and light eyed.

Below: So called Syrian Christians 




Three years ago, I promised to re-write world history, right?   Well I have NOT even reached 1%, after writing nearly 800 posts.  All are free to ignore it, for I am NOT into conversions.

The Maharaja of Cochin had the title ‘Protector of Christians’.  The Syrian Christians hated Portuguese Francis Xavier,  for he attempted to convert them into Roman Catholics, by force by decree of Pope sitting at Vatican .  

In early Christian times, 'Nazraanis' were not a separate religion, but a sect in the Jewish community  . 

The word Nazraani clearly shows that many who joined them were Jews.  

But in Kerala this name was replaced by the word 'Christians' in the 20th century, by the Syrian Christian leaders who did NOT want to be persecuted a Jews.


 The Jews who were converted by St. Thomas , continued worshiping in synagogues.  

In fact when St Thomas arrives at Kondungallur,  he heard a Jewish tune being played on a flute on the quay.


A protest took place in 1653 with the Coonan Cross Oath. Under the leadership of Archdeacon Thomas, the Syrian Christians Christians publicly took an oath that they would not obey the Vatican Jesuit bishops.


In 1655, the Syrian Christians feeling the pressure from the white invader summoned to Kerala , Mar Gregorios Abdul Jaleel , a Bishop ( the patriarch of Jerusalem) sent by the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch of Antioch.  For the first time in 1655 the Syrian Christian Church leader was given the title Mar Thoma. The present head of the Mar Thoma Church is the twenty first Mar Thoma.

Now let us talk about the fair skinned Christians with light eyes.  In 370 AD, a group of 420 immigrants from Persia arrived in Kodungallur by ship under the leadership of a merchant Knai Thomman.  You must know that the Parsi Zoroastrians are Hindus who worshipped Shukracharya.

Punch into Google search-

SHUKRACHARYA IS AHURA MAZDA GOD OF THE PARSIS, INDIAN PROPHET ZOROASTER WROTE ZEND AVESTA VADAKAYIL

They were allowed by the Calicut King to settle down in Kodungallur.  

Later on another immigration from Persia occurred around 820 AD under the leadership of a merchant Marwan Sabriso, with two Bishops, Mar Sapro and Mar Prodh.  Together they were known as Knanaya (Kanahi ) people.  They continued to remain an endogamous group within the Nasrani community. They cooperated with the Malankara Church, attended worship services together but remained a separate identity.  
By the 10th century, in Malabar there were two Nazrani groups, the St. Thomas Christians and Knanaya community.  

St Paul’s Cathedral is built over the foundation of an ancient  Shiva Temple, and the Shiva Lingam or the black meteorite stone still lies in the Vatican vaults. 



Xavier gave up and then started converting Hindus by force. The Tamil Christians uprooted the plaque at Vivekananda memorial rock, and planted a cross there recently. They claimed that it was NOT Vivekananda, but Francis Xavier who meditated there. TEE HEEEE !  


These are the ones who were at the front of the Kudamkulam nuclear protests, and the king pins of the mother of all scams THE THORIUM SCAM—which is NOT yet unearthed. 

The foreign funded Indian media had given 90% time for Sachin Tendulkar for nearly a week. AAAAILLA !  See the priorities of these DESH DROHIS..

The current religion figures of Kerala are -  51% Hindus, 26%  Muslims, 22%  Christians.  The white man does NOT care for Christianity anymore, and most of them prefer to be cremated. 

It is the Kerala JEWS – the so called Syrian Christians who are HARD CORE Christians—ACHING TO CONVERT Hindus into Christianity -- they are mortally afraid of converting Kerala Muslims,  for their heads will be chopped off..   

One day the Pope at Vatican will be a Kerala Syrian Christian.

One day I might get into a frisky mood and expose those  Rothschild  stooges ( the immigrant Chitpavan Jews,  the Kerala Syrian Christians land owners , and the Parsis opium agents  ) who were benami fronts for their businesses ,  after they left India  in 1947.

Punch into Google search-

RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

Getting back -  after a lengthy digression.

The whole Aranmula area is full of multicolored birds.   When I open the doors of my home at Calicut,  just before sunrise ,  the whole area is full of hundreds of multicolored birds.  With untrained and pea brained and corrupt environmentalists around Kerala, god alone knows for how long.

The town Maramon is generally recognized as center of Christian culture and influence in India. Maramon is also famous as the birthplace of 'Palakkunnathu' Abraham Malpan (Malpan means teacher), leader of the reformation in the Syrian Church of Malabar in the 19th century.

Before the environmental clearance was obtained , mindless damage was done to the ecology , by illegal filling of water streams,  wetlands and paddy fields –  while blocking some of the major tributaries of the river Pampa. 

The Pamba River (also called Pampa river) is the third longest river in the South Indian state of Kerala after Periyar and Bharathappuzha. 

The wetlands adjacent to the river Pamba,  serve as natural flood control in the area whenever the river Pamba overflows, reducing the impacts of flood on the local population and their lives considerably.  The wetlands act as ground for egg laying, hatchery and nursery.

Due to the airport very soon  we will lose a major river, by way of siltation with flood disasters year after year.



Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
THE SACK OF SOMNATH TEMPLE BY MAHMUD OF GHAZNI IN 1026 AD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DESTRUCTION OF SOMNATH TEMPLE THE REAL TRUTH EXPOSED ,   SOMNATH JYOTHIRLINGA,  SOMESHWARA IDOL LORD SHIVA WITH MOONSTONE GEM ON FOREHEAD -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The sack of Somnath temple in 1026 by Mahmud of Ghazni has been described by thousands of historians.  All of them are exaggerated and downright lies. 




10 months ago, French troops landed at Mali, to “defeat” the Islamists.  When I saw this on BBC  I told my wife “ I am writing down on a piece of paper with my signature and date,  that when the smoke clears up the priceless ancient library of Mali will be burnt.




My wife asked me how I am so sure.




I said “ The historical records of this planet and Kerala Math, Science , Astronomy , Medicine etc lie under the sands of Timbuctoo. People make fun of Timbuctoo, but this place has a great history”


When my prediction came true , and the priceless library was destroyed , I blogged on the subject.  

The French blamed the Islamists .  Why should Islamists burn their own history with a “heavy heart” ?

Punch into Google search-
MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD  VADAKAYIL

But again, let me tell this world, that they got to destroy only 40%.   60 % of ancient Kerala knowledge, still lies buried in fox holes of the desert.  

A lot of information in  my blogs are from Timbuctoo.   I have never been there as Mali is landlocked, but I got a lot of information from my ship’s agent at Dakar , Senegal , where I got off my ship to fly home .

A big part of information is from Morocco, the land of Ibn Batuta.   Chinese Admiral Zheng He who traded with the Calicut King and died at Calicut had written his own history.

With every year the wealth in gold and diamonds stolen from Somnath temple by Mahmud of Ghazni gets bigger and bigger.  It has got so big that all his thousands of horses would have died of exhaustion  on the way back to Ghazni, by carrying such a heavy load of loot..


See we have idiots writing history nowadays.  It is NOT that they are vested . They are just plain idiots. 

If you see the blog site of Markandey Katju, in his latest blog you will find that our honourable ex-Chief Justice of India has made you and me, immigrants in our own motherland Bharat.  According to Katju saab , India was full of  tribals  — and he has gone around enumerating them TEE HEEEE !.

Just shows that a judge goes no further than his court room.       
   
Let me lay the bottomline right on top. Mahmud of Ghazni did NOT get any wealth in Somnath temple. In sheer frustration he kidnapped the most attractive of the nearly 400 dancing girls . 




Mahmud was a homosexual ( the receiving type ) and he had NO use for these girls.  It was for proof.   


Below:  DE DO YAAAR !    CHAL DENA YAAR !!




The girls escaped on the way back at night with Hindu guides masquerading as mercenary soldiers , escorting them away, and these are the gypsies you find in Europe today.  

If you see them they all have Gujarati and Rajasthani looks.  They were NOT useless people, they had Ayurveda knowledge .


The Muslim historians have been trying to insinuate that Tantra sex went on in Somnath temple—which is vulgar nonsense.  






Nothing is further from the truth.  








The girls were all expert classical dancers and devotional mantra singers.





To be frank I started this blog site by exposing Ante Pavelic.  He is responsible for the genocide of more than 30,000 Roma Gypsies from Europe – ethnic cleansing of the first order— wandering nomad people with Indian features who would NOT accept Christianity or Islam.



Punch into Google search-

LAST CRUSADER OF THE LAST INQUISITION VADAKAYIL



Mahmud of Ghazni took away the huge sandalwood doors of Somnath, for proof.  It was very difficult for him to lug these heavy doors back to Ghazni very far away. But he did. These doors adorned his tomb when he dies after 4 years , on April 30, 1030 at the age of 59 years, of Malaria inflicted into his tent from a pot by a Hindu priest, who went as a guide.  

Mahmud would never regain his sapped energy to come back to India again.  The same guide caused majority of Mahmud’s soldiers and horses to die of thirst as he led them away from water sources.

Below: The tomb on Mahmud of Ghazni-- sans doors.




For 800 years it was there , till Rothschild stole them from Mahmud’s tomb , in a bizarre conspiracy.  The British soldiers brought a fake door made of Turkish wood back to Somnath temple , a perfect replica , where it was rejected by the chief priest.  This door can still be seen in a store room at Agra fort.  




A few years later in 1857, Rothschild changed from traders to rulers , and would prise off the heavy golden spires off Taj Mahal and put brass duplicates in place. 

Days before the arrival of Mahmud of Ghazni, the ruler had transferred part of the wealth in Somnath Temple to a fortified offshore island Gundevi.   Another part was transported by Bhimdeva Solanki, to an impenetrable  area by horses at Mount Abu – the fortified castle of Achal Gadh.  Ships were used by sea routes via Bhadreshwar and then land route to Kanthkot at Kuchha, though the Pancheshwar route.

Some fixtures in gold , like the heavy gold chain for the bell and the embedded jewels of the main Someshwara idol were left as it is . Thinking that the treasure was hidden in some vault, Mahmud got enraged and broke open the whole temple.  He tried his best to get information and killed thousands of unarmed pilgrims inside the temple, a massacre of mad frenzy.

It was a sorry sight to see Mahmud of Ghazni finally leave with some girls , the broken Shiva idol ( 4 pieces to be wieldy ) and the dismantled pieces of the huge sandalwood doors.   

He did NOT even get the magnificient Moonstone  inset as Shiva’s third eye on the forehead which would wax and wane in brilliance along with the light of the moon, like magic , even in the dark.




So much of lies and exaggeration by Arab historians.  Equally matched by nationalist Hindus in India.

Tall stories were concocted BLAH BLAH - though the idol was broken in four pieces, the first piece was sent to Mecca to be placed under the entrance door of the Kaaba. The second piece was placed under the entrance to the prophets mosque in Medina. The third at the entrance of the great mosque of Ghuzznih, and the last piece at the entrance of the royal palace in Ghuzznih (Ghazni) BLAH BLAH BLAH .

Mahmud Ghazni’s MAIN aim was to cart away the huge shiva lingam, the black meteorite stone. But that ancient stone was uprooted and hidden .  The Shiva lingam at Somnath was so huge that part of it remained submerged under water and a platform was built over.

This Shiva Lingam was reused later. 

The doors had no value as India was full of huge girth sandalwood trees.   Rothschild had cut off all our aged sandalwood and rose wood trees.  The best teak trees he cut and carted away for his shipbuilding industry-after all he was a shipowner ( British East India Company ).

Within a few weeks the construction of a brand new Surya temple at Modhera took place, and the treasures shifted here.

Below : Sun temple at Modhera.











THE MAIN PURPOSE MAHMUD OF GHAZNI CAME TO SOMNATH WAS THE BLACK SHIVA LINGAM .  HE WAS SPECIALLY ENGAGED BY KHALIF OF BAGHDAD QADIR BILLAH.

The original Shiva Lingam at the Kaaba was consecrated by Muhammed the Prophet himself , taken from the ancient Shiva Temple at the Mecca Oasis . 

It was installed on the SE corner horizontally 5 feet above the ground. Every pilgrim would kiss the stone.  

Punch into Google search-

VEDIC PRACTISES AT MECCA VADAKAYIL.

Qarmatian leader Abu Tahir al-Qarmati uprooted this black meteorite stone , heavier than steel and set it up in his own mosque, the Masjid al-Dirar, with the intention of redirecting the Hajj away from Mecca. He was successful and the Kaaba at Mecca lost its value, with the main attraction missing .  

After much bloodshed , the stone was returned twenty-three years later, in 952 AD, but in pieces.  Somebody came threw a bundle and vanished. This returned stone weighed very light and when put in fresh water it floated. So this was just a black pumice stone with gas pockets found at high heat volcanoes. 




It was necessary to find a new heavy meteorite stone as replacement. Till then these seven pieces of black light stones were black cemented .  This is what exists even today.  This stone has been X-Rayed by the British .

Below: Everybody wants to kiss the black stone --     guards beat devotees who take too long to kiss  ( previously with whips which flakes off flesh -  as happened to my Pakistani third engineer who was rubbing dozens of silk handkerchiefs given to him by relatives and madrassa friends ) .



A Shiva Lingam is a heavy black meterorite stone which contains the seed or DNA. This has been proved by NASA two years ago.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL




The Qarmatians used the black Shiva Lingam for ransom, and forced the Abbasids to pay a huge sum for its return.  








It was wrapped in a sack and thrown into the Friday Mosque of Kufa, accompanied by a note saying "By command we took it, and by command we have brought it back."





The Qarmation sect that splintered off from the Ismailis in the late 800s, ruled what is now Eastern Saudi Arabia and Bahrain.  



They had desecrated the well of Zamzam by stuffing it full of the bodies of dead Hajjis. 



Well I did NOT want to write this— but then truth is truth.  IT took a long time before the Zan Zam water was drunk again by the pilgrims .

The Zamzam well is about 100 feet deep and 9 feet in diameter . Originally water from the well was drawn via ropes and buckets, but today the well itself is in a basement room where it can be seen behind glass panels (visitors are not allowed to enter).  Electric pumps draw the water, which is available via water fountains and dispensing containers near the Tawaf area

The original sandalwood doors which gives a pleasant aroma , will probably be in one of the palaces of Rothschild. The whole thing of snatching away a door from a Islamic mausoleum was done with a lot of dram which included the Governor General of India ( a Rothschild stooge appointee ) and the British Parliament.

Below: Rothschild must be thinking that the STAR OF DAVID belongs to him.

If BIG BROTHER (or his family) says he won the marathon—you can be cock sure , that he ran the first 100 metres – then got substituted by a fake double— got into a stretched limousine with tinted glasses -- he relaxed, had sex, brandy and cigars – then re-joined the race again at the last 100 metres , over took the silver medalist at the last 5 metres and won the prize.  His own MONOPOLISED media would then make him a SUPER DUPER HERO.



Below: Anahata Chakra ( heart )








Below: The doors forcibly taken away from the tomb of Mahud of Ghazni -- fake Somnath temple doors.

 

In 1842, Edward Law, 1st Earl of Ellenborough issued his famous 'Proclamation of the Gates' in which he ordered the British army in Afghanistan to return via Ghazni and bring back to India the sandalwood gates from the tomb of Mahmud of Ghazni in Ghazni, Afghanistan. 

Below: Interior of Mahmud of Ghazni's tomb.




There was a mock debate in the House of Commons in London in 1843 on the question of the sandalwood gates of the Somanath temple. 




After much cross-fire between the British Government and the opposition,  the gates were uprooted and brought back in triumph, with the owner of British East India Company, Jew Rothschild smirking over brandy and cigars.






Somnath temple is one of the twelve Jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva.  The temples lies on the western coast of Gujarat.  This temple is as old as creation itself and finds a mention in the 7000 year old Rig Veda..


The first Somnath Jyotirling Pran-Pratistha was done on the auspicious third day of brighter half of Shravan month during the tenth Treta yug of Vaivswat Manvantar, as per our Hindu scriptures.



The Dwadasa Jyotirlinga Stotra:-
Saurashtre Somanaatham Cha
Sree Shaile Mallikarjunam
Ujjayinyaam Mahaakaalam
Omkaare Mamaleswaram
Himalaye to Kedaram
Daakinyaam Bhimashankaram
Vaaranaasyaam cha Viswesam
Trayambakam Gowtameethate
Paralyaam Vaidyanaatham cha
Naagesam Daarukaavane
Setubandhe Ramesham
Grushnesam cha Shivaalaye


The Somnath temple was attacked 6 times in history by jealous Muslim invaders. The temple was rebuilt every time with the people. 

Then after Aurangazeb destroyed the temple in 1701, a mosque came up exactly in the same spot, using the same stones, with Hindu motifs visible -- just like Babri Masjid in Ayodhya..

The modern temple was reconstructed with the resolve of Sardar Vallabhai Patel who visited the ruins of Somnath temple on November 13 , 1947.  


Then President of India, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, did the Pran-Pratistha at the existing temple on 11 May 1951 despite reservations voiced by “secular” Nehru--about razing down the mosque , and chasing the hardcore mullahs away..

Nehru knew very well that 90 million Hindus were killed by invaders and thousands of Hindu temples more grand than Somnath were razed to the ground, yet he wanted to be SECULAR..


Punch into Google search— prepared to be shocked.


THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE VADAKAYIL



Above: What do you call a mosque within a temple?

In  the Shiva  Purana  and Nandi  Upapurana, Shiva  said, `I  am  always present everywhere  but  specially  in  12  forms  and places as  the  jyotirlingas.

The  shore  temple of Somnath is  believed  to  have  been  built  in  4  phases-in  gold  by  Lord Soma,  in  silver  by  Ravi,  in wood  by  lord  Krishna  and  in  stone  by  King Bhimadeva.

When my ship had berthed at Veraval, Gujarat,  I had visited Somnath temple at Prabhas Patan . 



The grandeur of Somnath was described by Al Biruni who was an Arab traveler.  He wrote about priceless diamonds shining in darkness.  Ancient Indians were the masters of Total Internal Reflection written down in our Vedic texts 7000 years ago.. explaining critical angle and refractive index. 

Till the white man discovered diamonds in South Africa in 1886, diamonds were available only in India.  In 1726 the white man had found some" low quality" diamonds on a Brazilian river bed. 

The next discovery was in 1906 in Congo. Alexander the Great , when he came to India in 326 BC, had talked about Indian noblemen wearing Navratna rings and the women wearing Navratna lockets. Navratna literally means 9 gems. Out of this Venus was represented by a brilliantly cut (Hira) Diamond. Mercury was Green (Panna) Emerald and Blue Sapphire was (Indraneelam) Saturn. 


The West came to know about Indian diamonds as early as 3000 years ago, when King Solomon imported diamonds via ships going from Kerala. 

RATNA PARIKSHA was a 5000 year old Sanskrit text on optics which dealt with critical angles, high refractive index of diamond ( 2.4 ) and low critical angle ( 24 deg ) and  total internal reflection physics and the art of cutting diamonds, to make it spit fire. It clearly states that only diamond can cut diamond, hence polishing must be done with diamond , and that if a diamond is cut poorly it will NOT sparkle. 

Our 4000 year old Indian temples had pin hole cameras which could give inverted pictures and the coloured prism.  

Indian diamond cutters are so reliable that even today in 2011 that nearly 1.45 million cutters still cut 13 out of 14 diamonds world wide(  93.5% by numbers cut )--despite the inroads of computer controlled laser cutting technology..


Getting back-- Al Baruni wrote about 1000 priests doing pooja and rituals in Somnath temple, 300 musicians and 500 attractive dancing girls in shifts , round the clock and 300 barbers to tonsure pilgrims' heads.

The Skanda Purana describes the Sparsa Linga of Somnath as one bright as the sun, the size of an egg, lodged underground.  The 6000 year old Mahabharatha refers to the Prabhasa Kshetra and the legend of the moon worshipping Shiva. Our scriptures talk about the huge bell plate with a heavy golden chain .

Going against the wishes of the hugely Hindu majority population, the Nawab of Junagadh refused to accede his princely state to newly independent India in 1947.   This led to bloody clashes and finally after the Indian Government intervened, Junagadh became a part of India.

The Deputy Prime Minister, Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel had come to Junagadh on 12th November 1947 to direct the stabilization of the princely state by the Indian Army and at the same time ordered the reconstruction of the Somnath Temple.

Addressing a mammoth gathering before the Somnath temple, Patel said: "On this auspicious day of the New Year, we have decided that Somanath should be reconstructed. You, people of Saurashtra, should do your best. This is a holy task in which all should participate”.

Below: Patel's statue near Somnath.




In May 1951, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, the first President of Free India performed the installation ceremony for the temple by over-ruling the mindless opposition of Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru to his participation in the ceremony, to appease Muslims.  Prasad said "The Somnath temple signifies that the power of reconstruction is always greater than the power of destruction". 


There is no landmass if you look south from Somnath Temple door - till Antartica, as per an inscription in Sanskrit engraved in stone on the Arrow-Pillar called Baan-Stambh erected on the sea-protection wall at the Somnath Temple.



You must know that Antartica remained undiscovered until 1818 CE.

The temple faces to east and once had an enormous central hall with three entrances, each protected by a lofty porch.



Large parts of Antarctica could have remained ice-free until 4000 BC.  Antarctica was not always covered with ice and was, at one time, much warmer than it is today.  It was warm because it was not physically located at the South Pole in that period.

The Piri Reis map drawn on deer skin is copied from more than 6000 year old indian maps.. This 1513 map is shocking NOT because of the inclusion of a continent that was not discovered until 1818 , but rather its portrayal of part of the coastline of that continent under ice-free conditions that came to an end 6,000 years ago and that have not since recurred. 



India was the only known civilization at that time.

In the olden days Kerala ships delivered spices to Salalah , Aden , Bernice and from there it went by caravan route to Cairo and Constantinople.

Mecca was just an oasis and an accounts office of the calicut king, which also doubled up as a shiva temple with a shiva lingam stone.

The vulgar west fudged all history to prove that the bible was right in stating that the big banh occured in 4004 BC.  While i have been stating in most of my posts that before 7000 BC India ruled the whole world.

Only 35% of this map survives and it shows the western coasts of Europe and North Africa and the coast of Brazil with reasonable accuracy.

The map was discovered by chance in 1929, through the work of the German Jew theologian, Gustav Adolf Deissmann (1866–1937) .

In 1501 an admiral in the Ottoman navy named Kemal Reis captured seven Spanish ships off the coast of Spain, near Valencia. Aboard one of the prizes he found a strange feather head dress and a heavy black meterorite shiva lingam stone.

The US Navy even investigated this map and validated it as being not a forgery, and so did Albert Einstein.

Ottoman Admiral Piri Reis could not have acquired his information on this latter region from contemporary explorers because Antarctica remained undiscovered until 1818 CE, more than 300 years after he drew the map. poor guy was beheaded.

Large parts of Antarctica could have remained ice-free until 4000 BC.  Antarctica was not always covered with ice and was, at one time, much warmer than it is today.  It was warm because it was not physically located at the South Pole in that period.

Instead it stood approximately several hundred miles further to the north in ice free ocean. the continent moved to its present position inside the Antarctic Circle as a result of a mechanism known as earth-crust-displacement-- which Albert Einstein has explained well.



The map also shows the Andes Mountains on the western side of the  S America continent, which were of course unknown at the time.  The map correctly shows the Amazon River rising in these unexplored mountains and thence flowing eastward.

Although they remained undiscovered until 1592 AD, the Falkland Islands appear on the 1513 map at their correct latitude. 

Back to Somnath temple-

Maitraka Kings of Vallabhi in Gujarat renovated the Somnath temple in 649 AD..

In 725AD Junayad, the Arab governor of Sind, destroyed this temple ( 1)

King Nagabhata II of the Gurjara Pratihara dynasty re-built the temple in 815 AD in a large lavish manner with red sandstone

In 1026AD, Mahmud Ghazni destroyed Somnath temple.(2)

It was rebuilt by Solanki King Bhima of Ahnilwara Gujarat and Parmara King Bhoja of Malwa.

During his campaign, Mahmud was challenged by 90 year old Ghogha Rana 90, sacrificed himself and the soldiers of his clan fighting against this Islamic warrior.

The Somnath temple was raided by Alaf Khan  the general  by Sultan Allauddin Khilji in 1300 A.D (3).  

Mahipala Deva of the Chudasama dynasty of Saurashtra renovated it.

In 1375 AD, the temple was again destroyed by Muzaffar Shah I (4)

The temple was again reconstructed, by Mahipal, the king of Junagadh.

In 1451, the temple was once again destroyed by Mahmud Begda, the Sultan of Gujarat. (5)

Later, the Marathas rulers of Pune, Nagpur, Kolhapur and Indore came together and rebuilt the temple.

The last destruction of Somnath was by the last Mughal Emperor Aurangzeb in 1706 AD,( 6)  just a year before his death. 

Aurangzeb built a mosque on the site of the Somnath temple, using some columns from the temple, whose Hindu sculptural motifs remained visible.

Somnath Temple was rebuilt with perseverance each time after it was destroyed.  In the year 1783 AD, Queen Ahilyabhai Holkar built a new temple nearby as Somnath temple was converted into a mosque.  




Somanath Temple’s black Shiva Lingam was placed in a secret underground vault.



Then the white Christian invader made merry by using the temple roof in defending the nearby port from pirates..

The present temple, Kailash Mahameru Prasada, is built in the Chalukya style of temple architecture and reflects the skill of the Sompuras, Gujarat's master masons, after Independence.

Every Muslim historian has tried to convert Mahmud of Ghazni to be some sort of Alexander the Great character.   His only claim to fame is that he destroyed the Somnath temple. He also snatched away the kingdom from his brother , to whom his father Abu Mansur Sabuktigin had handed over his kingdom. He imprisoned his brother for life , after blinding him— so what else is new?

Mahmud was extremely cruel to the Ismailis and Shias , since his overlord, the Abbasid caliph considered them heretics. Mahmud’s father and mother both were slaves.  According to Tarikh-e-Ferishta, Sultan Mahmud had an obsession with buying the most beautiful slave boys wherever he could find them. He needed a new boy everyday.

Can you imagine Pakistan is ashamed of the Vedas and the oldest Saraswati civilization, but very proud elite continued naming the missiles after Mahmud Ghaznavi, Muhammad Ghauri etc.  

When Mahmud of Ghazni came first to Pakistan area, all their Pakistani forefathers were Hindus.  They mother, sisters and daughters got raped , and the men got killed , yet Pakistanis are proud of these Muslim invaders, and they create false stories and believe in them.. 

The No 1 citizen pf Pakistan was a Rothschild stooge who took away the land from the Palestinians.

Such a bunch of ignoramuses, these Pakistanis.  

To be frank we Indian are giving them stiff competition— for even our own Gandhi was a Rothschild stooge , imported from South Africa by a Chitpavan Jew—nay- Brahmin Gopal Krishna Gokhale to scuttle our freedom struggle and to recruit Indian soldiers for both world wars to kill Germans ( see our Gandhi’s ahimsa is highly selective ) -and carve out the state of Israel..

Punch into Google search-

SIR MUHAMMED IQBAL KNIGHTED FOR SCUTTLING THE KHILAFAT MOVEMENT VADAKAYIL

What none of the Islamic historians mention is that Mahmud and his half crazed dehydrated army were chased right back to Sindh , by an alliance of Hindu kings under the leadership of Bhojaraja. 



Most of their horses died due to lack of water, but he had more than 30000 desert camels . Al Beruni recorded the arrival of Mahmud's fatigued and disarrayed army at Multan in April 1026.

Below: Mahmud's base at Ghazni.





The Islamic accounts of “ seventy million dirhams, and six and a half metric tonnes of and gold coins, jewelry, cups and vessels. The Arab world flocked to Ghazni to gaze upon the incredible wealth of India” – is all exaggeration -- nay --downright lies...

Indian nationalists played along —“ see we had so much of wealth in one just one single temple”.

Alexander the Great’s historians too had painted such a rosy picture, when he was beaten back from India by King Porus.

In our foreign funded Indian TV they make it a point to do fake propaganda ( even by way of quiz programmes ) that Porus was on his knees in front of King Alexander.  Just last week I saw a TV news programme on CNN IBN  , that Alexander defeated King Porus —while it was the other way around.   

Alexander’s Indian wife Roxana tied a Rakhi on King Porus and conveniently made him her brother. .

Punch into Google search-

ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS THE HIDDEN TRUTH VADAKAYIL.

It was NOT due to cowardice that Muslims were able to defeat Rajputs and Jats.  It was just that one side played the game of honor, while the other side used deceit at every step. This included the white Christian man invader too.  

Did NOT 3.54 lakh ( 354,000 ) Indian Hindu and Sikh soldiers die in both World Wars, fighting for Rothschild and British Queen?

And then there is this story about the levitating Somnath temple idol, which Mahmud brough down to the ground, after first personally checking the idol is indeed levitating. QUOTE “When the king asked his ompanions what they had to say about the marvel of the idol, and of its staying in the air without prop or support, several maintained that it was upheld by some hidden support. The king directed a person to go and feel all around and above and below it with a spear, which he did, but met with no obstacle. One of the attendants then stated his opinion that the canopy was made of loadstone, and the idol of iron, and that the ingenious builder had skillfully contrived that the magnet should not exercise a greater force on anyone side-hence the idol was suspended in the middle. Some coincided, others differed. Permission was obtained from the Sultan to remove some stones from the top of the canopy to settle the point. When two stones were removed from the summit the idol swerved on one side, when more were taken away it inclined still further, until at last it rested on the ground—BLAH BLAH BLAH .”UNQUOTE

This incident happened on the Konark temple of East coast, and I have mentioned it in one of my posts. This was at Konark sun temple, and no Muslim invader were involved, rather it was the white Christian invader who got amazed to see a levitating idol.. 



The huge magnets used to levitate the sun god idol was stolen by Rothschild -- claiming that it upset their ship's magnetic compass ( bull ).  



Above: Konark  temple is 5 kilometers from the shore.

People worship in this smaller Somnath temple built by Maharani Holkar , ( after Emperor Aurangazeb destroyed it ) and can be seen performing puja here.  It is known as old Somnath temple and it is also managed by Shri Somnath Trust.  

Triveni Ghat in Somanth is the confluence of three holy rivers Kapil, Hiran and the underground river Saraswaty (also known as Gupt Saraswati).  



Above :  The ancient Triveni Ghat where devotees feed the fishes.

In the olden days the rivers flow to the ultimate destination of sea from here. 



People who think Sarawati river is a figment of Hindu imagination must think again. 

Below: Rig Veda of 5000 BC, talks only about Saraswati river --NOT river Ganges.




For this ancient river which dried up in 4000 BC, has been mapped by Indian satellites.


Punch into Google search-

MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS, SARASWATI 9000 BC VADAKAYIL

Below: Somnath temple interior after destruction.



Below: Adi Shankaracharya cave at Somnath  2000 BC.




Dehotsarga also called Balkh Tirth where Krishna shed his mortal coil , after being shot with an arrow on the on the foot by a Jara , a hunter ( mistaking him for a deer ) ,  is nearby which Hindu pilgrims visit.  



The tirtha stands at the confluence of Hiranya, Saraswati and Kapila rivers.  The temple is built around the peepal tree under which Krishna was sitting when his foot was pierced by an arrow 6000 years ago.



Lord Krishna generously pardoned and blessed him and send him to Vaikuntha.   Krishna knew this incident would happen.  

For the hunter was Bali in his previous life, who was killed by Krishna in his previous Vishnu avatar as Lord Rama - Bali could NOT be killed from his forward side, due to a boon from Indra.



At this spot Lord Krishna gave his final instructions to Uddhava. [Srimad Bhagavat 11th canto]  .

I have been inside this ancient temple- now renovated .

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 

The distance between earth and moon is 108 times the diameter of the moon.. 

The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun . 

Distance between earth and sun is 149 900 000 kms

Diameter of sun 1390 000 kms

Distance from earth to moon 381 000 kms

Diameter of moon 3499 kms

Diametr of earth 12798 kms

The Bhagavad Purana Canto 5, verse 2 says “The sun globe, which is a source of heat, has a width (vistaratah) of 10,000 yojanas. The moon has a width of 25 yojanas”

1 Yojana is 140 kms ( this distance is modern linear - NOT the energy spiral time/ distance path which is mentioned in all our Puranas ).  In reality everything on this cosmos from Macro to Micro   is  spiral energy .

In linear time Prakritti (manifest creation) came forth from the Purusha (the absolute beyond anything created). It is a point from which all came into being. In non-linear time, this point is always present where the ‘nothing’ and the ‘something’ connect beyond words. This space is 108.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/07/oort-cloud-hindu-yugas-and-breath-of.html

Yojana/ Yugas  has been poison injected by the white invader to make Hindus look stupid.  BR Ambedkar was given a list of poison injectd spots in our Vedas / Upanishads/ Puranas and he wrote a book ( Riddles in Hindusim ) as if he is a great Vedic Pandit who knows Sanskrit and who has read all our ancient scriptures.

When you look at the Sun and the Moon from earth they are perceived as the SAME size, this same size appears because of their distance and diameters.

The 108 division is the coming together of Purusha and Prakriti. It is the vibration of the Purusha and Prakriti that has put us into existence.

In Ayurveda there are a 108 marmas in the body. They are points where consciousness impinges the body that can heal or kill a living being.

They are vital points where consciousness connects to the body, where Purusha (consciousness) is brought into Prakriti (body) to give life to the living being. When we recite Sanskrit Mantras  108 times it acts as a Kavach (protection) to each Marma.

The 108 intersections on the Sri Yantra  invoke the cosmic balance of Purusha and Prakriti and the primordial ability of the seer Maharishi to see both clearly.

Nine is connected to Ketu, the moksa Karaka (liberation)

In Sri Yantra there are 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and 4 point upwards.  The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 10000 year old Sri Yantra large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . 

The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva and shakti qualities making the magic number 108..

Numerologically, nine is a very special number, it always returns to itself. Look how it behaves with other numbers:
9 x 1 = 9
9 x 2 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 3 = 27, 2 + 7 = 9
9 x 4 = 36, 3 + 6 = 9
9 x 5 = 45, 4 + 5 = 9
9 x 6 = 54, 5 + 4 = 9
9 x 7 = 63, 6 + 3 = 9
9 x 8 = 72, 7 + 2 = 9
9 x 9 = 81, 8 + 1 = 9
9 x 10=90, 9 + 0 = 9
9 x 11=99, 9 + 9 = 18, 1 + 8 = 9
9 x 12 = 108

108 is the numerical equivalent of Hindu King Mantra OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  A rudraksha mala woen by an ancinent maharishi had 108 beads .

When the ocean of milk ( Akash Ganga- milky way of the cosmos  ) was churned in the beginning of time, it could only be done with the working unity of the positive and negative cosmic forces-  devas (gods) and asuras (demons).

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness.  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles. This forms the basis of Dvaita Hinduism.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology.

The pineal gland produces AMRIT- Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith..

You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . 

There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. 

THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. 

They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible.

To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. 

The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness

This churning allows the kundalini to rise on the mountain axis ( meru)  of our spine with the turtle of the root chakra below. Wife Parvati rising to meet husband Shiva at the Sahasrara Chakra- the gate at Sushumna Nadi being opened by her son Ganesha at Muladhara Chakra.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Kalari talks about 108 marmas. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.

The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. 

The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace—the THEORY OF EVERYTHING is inherent in this mystic 3D geometry.

The heat of the big bang cooked up and created the elements in Dimitri Mendeleev's periodic table. Sanskrit and Malayalam has 54 alphabets.

Vishnu avatar Varaha boar placed 108 in the cosmic equation .  Mind you, the Muslims stopped worshipping at Babri Masjid at Ayodhya after they saw the boar statues. They equated it with PIG.

In the Varaka avatar , Vishnu as the boar  carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its place in the universe and later killed Hinranyaksha ( Jaya ) . 

 THIS IS AN AMAZING ALLEGORY.

antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara

"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)

See the divine magic.

We on earth can see only one side of the moon, though both moon and earth rotate.—this requires some divine fixing , right?    

During full solar eclipse we just get to see the fringe of the corona of the sun—this again requires some fixing right?  

For the shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. 

There was NO laser beam, when the Maharishis with 12 strand DNA wrote all this in our Vedas in 5000 BC.

Varaha features in the Rig Veda.   Varaha is glorified in virtually all of the major Puranas.

“ For the benefit of all, I shall bring back to her former place the earth, who has the girdle of the oceans, whose limbs are overrun by all kinds of creatures and who has disappeared. I shall kill the naughty Hiranyaksha, an offspring of Diti.” - (Mahabharata 12.236.71-73) 4000 BC

‘ The supreme enjoyer of all sacrifices accepted the incarnation of a boar for the welfare of the earth. He lifted the earth from the nether regions of the universe “-- (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.3.7)

Hiranyaksha had a boon that no animal or man could kill him. So Vishnu came as a boar, which was NOT in the animal list.

It is amazing that even in antiquity Indians knew that the pig is close to humans. This is the reason why Hindus do NOT eat pigs.

Consider this-
Boars, as in male pigs, have tusks. . Human genetics were mixed with those of the wild boar to create the domesticated pig.  Because the domesticated pig is a combination of human and animal genetics, eating it is a form of cannibalism. Jews and Muslims followed this concept.

This is also why the pig is considered to be the most intelligent animal on Earth, why pig skin can be grafted directly onto humans in burn cases, and why pig heart valves can be used in humans with little difficulty. Cancer drugs and other chemicals are often tested on pigs before humans.

The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being.  Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos.

People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own, I hope you know that. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams. The DNA of pigs is actually 99% identical with humans.  It's amazing how little difference in DNA produces an entirely different species!  Pigs are genetically very close to humans.

Pigs are the 3rd most intelligent animal after apes and dolphins. Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

Vishnu first Matsya avatar was a DOLPHIN –that is why NO human being eats dolphin. 

In this purana ,  the dolphin saved the Vedas , which contained the blue prints for the cosmos and DNA codes of life on earth.  It has been proved recently that dolphins are NOT like other aquatic creatures. 

They are conscious animals and pass the mirror test.  Only humans , Indian elephants  and apes like bonobos and dolphins pass the mirror test. Dolphins are second only to humans in smartness. MRI scans indicate that these marine mammals are self-aware. Dolphins demonstrate skills and awareness previously thought to be present only in humans.

Christianity lifted the story to have a male and female specimen of each species in a stupid NOAH s ark. While in Hinduism Lord Vishnu he just saved the DNA codes.

nirmagna sruthi jaala maargaNa dasaa dathakshaNair veekshaNai:
antha: thanvadhiva aravinda gahanaan oudanvatheenaam apaam /
nishprathyooha tharanga ringaNa mitha: prathyooDa paatha: chaDaa
Dola AarOha sadOhaLam bhagavatha: maatsyam vapu: paathu na:

MEANING:
“The Lord dived into the ocean in the form of a fish searched with His lotus eyes, rapidly viewing on all directions creating an illusion of lotus flowers blossoming everywhere - all in search of the Vedas that had been stolen by an Asura. The ebb and flow of the waves of the Ocean seemed to be a swinging cradle that soothed and almost lulled Him into a comfortable reverie. May this Lord of “Matsya Avataara” protect us” :-Bhagavata Purana 5000 BC

The sonic frequencies emitted by dolphins, generate a field that brings the brain and  the biomolecular system to its balanced nature to 7.83 Hz.-

The sound emitted by the dolphins, has a frequency of 7.83 hertz which is the same as the Hindu king Mantra OM and the earth’s heart beat ( Schumann’s resonance ) .   Astronauts take a 7.83 field generator in their space crafts. No Hindu mantra chant is complete without starting with OM . 

From the conch OM sound comes as its innards are shaped by the morphogenetic consciousness field or BrahmAn.  Just before the Mahabharata war, Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.   This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing. When you show the symbol of OM in the mirror it becomes 786 -- the holy number on every Koran.

Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

Humans cannot hear less than 20 Hertz- but our hearts can hear it.


Dolphins are attracted to 7.83 hz when it was sent out via sonic instrumentation during underwater research.


Grace and peace !
********************************************************************
OATS AND A2 MILK PORRIDGE , KARAMBA THE BREAKFAST OF ANCIENT KALARI WARRIORS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BENEFITS OF JAU OR OATS IN 6100 YEAR OLD ASTANGA HRIDAYAM SAMHITA,  VAGHBATA THE DISCIPLE OF FATHER OF MEDICINE CHARAKA ,  BREAKFAST OF OATS TO COUNTER OBESITY ,  SUPER HEALTH FOOD –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Vaghbata was the disciple of Charaka, “the father of medicine”.

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

The white Christian invader converted him to be a recent phenomenon, by stating that Vaghbata’s disciples were Buddhists, with the active connivance of BR Ambedkar , who became a Buddhist , at the behest of his white masters.

Those who want to know who the real BR Ambedkar is must punch into Google search-
CNN IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI , SHAM AWARD VADAKAYIL

Vaghbata was a great Ayurvedic dietician who enumerated the uses of Jau or Oats.  Oats , grown at the foot hills of the Himalayas is mentioned even in the 6000 year old Mahabharata during which tile Vaghbata lived.   

Oats in one of the reason why Indian women did NOT have thyroid problems, and gave birth to children of high IQ..

Ashta means eight in Sanskrit.  Anga means parts.

Ashtanga Hridaya deals with the eight parts of the medicine , namely:

Kaya chikitsa (  internal body : surgical data )
Baala chikitsa (pediatrics)
Griha chikitsa (psychiatry)
Urdhvanga chikitsa or shalakya tantra ( ENT)
Salya tantra (surgery)
Damsthra chikitsa (toxicology )
Jara chikitsa or rasayana chikitsa (rejuvenation)
Vrishya chikitsa or vajeekarana chikitsa (aphrodisiac therapy)



According to Vagbhata, almost all the diseases can be cured without a doctor by proper diet and health precautions.  Ashtanga Hridayam contains Ayurvedic knowledge in more than 8000 beautiful verses.

Not content with Buddhism alone, the vulgar white invader threw Jainsim also into the muddling pot. They did propaganda that Vagbhata wrote Neminirvanam which depicts the stories of a great Jain monk, Neminatha, and Vaagbhataalankaram, in the language of Prakrit.   And that he wrote Ashtanga Nighandu and Ashtangaavathaaram.

But let me tell these white invaders this—Jainism is the second oldest religion on this planet. They really screwed it up .  TEE HEEE !

Jainism was founded by Emperor Rishabha of the lineage-

SVAYAMBHUVA  MANU  ( 8275 BC ) — PRIYA VARTA ( 8255 BC )-  AGNIDHARA – NABHI RAJA --  RISHABHA (8190 BC )   – BHARATA ( 8165 BC ) .


Rishabh was born to Merudevi,  Bharat was born to Rishabh,  Bharatvarsha was named from Bharat, and Sumati arose from Bharat.  ( Vishnu Purana 2.1.31 )

I have heard that Viśvāvasu, the great Gandharva, his mind stupefied with infatuation, fell from his vimana after seeing your daughter ( Devahuti daughter of Svayambhuva Manu ) playing with a ball on the roof of the palace, for she was indeed beautiful with her tinkling ankle bells and her eyes moving to and fro.-- (SB 3.22.17)

This country is known as Bharatavarsha,Since the time the father entrusted the Kingdom to the son, And himself went to the forest for ascetic practices.  ( Vishnu Purana 2.1.32 )


The white invader did NOT even know how to identify and Buddha statue from a Mahavira statue. And this included all these naive Buddhist tourist who flock into India.

Punch into Google search-

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BUDDHA AND MAHAVIRA STATUE VADAKAYIL


Panchakarma therapies included induced vomiting, use of laxatives and soluble fibre , enemas, medical complications  and the required herbal medications etc.



The west has been brainwashed into thinking that their morning cereal with cold milk keeps them healthy. Nothing is further from the truth.

Milk with grains is generally a bad food combination. The A1 toxic milk from humpless cows, milk curdles almost instantly in the stomach forming a greasy, indigestible coating over the cereal grains.

On the contrary oats are an ideal breakfast grain because it is easier to digest than wheat or corn. 

This milk used is ideally nutritious A2 milk from humped cows.  This make it lighter and less mucus forming.

 

Our 6100 year old  ancient Ayurvedic text Ashtanga Hrdayam' clearly recommends hot oats with A2 milk . A bowl of piping hot oatmeal is THE healthy way of starting your day the way the Kalari warior did.  Oatmeal is grounded oats . 


6000 years leater, rolled oats is the  staple of world beater athletes' diets, especially weight trainers, because of its high content of complex carbohydrates and water-soluble fibre that encourages slow digestion and stabilizes blood-glucose levels. Oatmeal porridge also contains more B vitamins and calories than other kinds of porridges.



Cultivation of oats spread from India to every country on this planet— temperate ( not hot ) weather is required.


Let me tell you a personal secret.  When I am at home my breakfast is a cup of hot oats. 

Ideally the flavor should be very little cinnamon ( good for diabetic blood sugar control ) and cardamom ( combats fart gas ) to make it less mucous forming.

I am sure by now you would have figured out that Capt Ajit Vadakayil aint no dimwit.  ( Let us leave out the wannabe gora gaands from this poll --TEE HEEEE !)

Oat porridge is a non-oily nutritious breakfast for it contain more soluble fibre than any other grain, resulting in slower digestion and an extended sensation of fullness.

The soluble fibre present in oats tends to slow down the digestion of carbohydrates, thereby reducing the spikes in the blood sugar levels, which in turn do not lead to unwanted urges to eat. Oats are a rich source of fibre – both soluble and insoluble ones. 



These help in regulating bowel movements and prevent constipation. They are also a good option for people who want to lose weight as the fibres make you feel full for longer and you end up eating less.

Children who eat a bowl of oatmeal regularly are less likely to be obese and overweight. While the insoluble fibre reduces transit time and increases faecal wet weight by means of its physical presence, soluble fibre operates through an increase in microbial cells mass.

Oats have a high content of soluble fibre in the form of Beta glucan which are not digested in the small intestine. In the large intestine β-glucans are readily fermented by bacteria colonizing the caecum and upper colon.  

This soluble dietary fibre beta-glucan, lowers LDL bad cholesterol.  Basically it remove cholesterol from the digestive system that would otherwise end up in the bloodstream



Beta-glucan not only helps neutrophils (the most abundant type of non-specific immune cell) navigate to the site of an infection more quickly, it also enhances their ability to eliminate the bad bacteria they find there.

Starting out your day with a blood sugar stabilizing food such as oats makes it easier to keep blood sugar levels under control the rest of the day.




The US Diabetes Association now recommends that people with diabetes eat oats.


Since oats could NOT be gown in tropical Kerala, and when we fell short of this grain,  we used ragi or millet ( muthari ) , when oats was NOT available. Ragi is rich in proteins, essential amino acids, vitamin A, B, fibre and phosphorous.  Ragi contains high amounts of calcium and iron having no parallel among cereals for these minerals. 


The fibre lowers cholesterol, maintains blood sugar levels and aids in weight loss. It also regulates the digestive system and prevents constipation. It also has a high glycemic index and is good for people with diabetes. According to Ayyurveda, ragi is an excellent antacid and helps in improving blood production.


In case mothers have difficulty in making her child drink oats milk porridge, try slicing some ripe bananas, adding some raisins, dates , almonds or fresh grated coconut. Put a drop of vanilla essence to turn the oatmeal into a fiesta bowl.


Oats, known scientifically as Avena sativa.

Nutritional value per 100 g -
Energy -389 kcal
Carbohydrates 66.3 g
Dietary fibre    10.6 g
Protein 16.9 g
Calcium           54 mg (5%)
Iron     5 mg (38%)
Magnesium      177 mg (50%)
Manganese      4.9 mg (233%)
Phosphorus      523 mg (75%)
Potassium        429 mg (9%)
Zinc     4 mg (42%)
Selenium 18%

The common symptoms of brain fog,  senility, and overall decreased cognitive functions in those who are selenium deficient.  Even the brain and neurotransmitters “take a back seat” to the functioning of the thyroid in regards to selenium status within the body.   

A low selenium status is also indicated in those who struggle with depression and mood disorders.   And, finally, selenium has been proven a powerful anti-carcinogenic supplement inhibiting cancer cells and reducing the risk of several cancers including prostate, breast, and uterine cancers.  

Selenium works in tandem with another nutrient better known for its role in thyroid health: iodine. Selenium is responsible for the properly recycling of iodine in the body, so a person with too little selenium as well as too little iodine is much more likely to develop a significant thyroid imbalance.


Adequate selenium nutrition supports efficient thyroid hormone synthesis and metabolism and protects the thyroid gland from damage from excessive iodine exposure In cases of severe selenium deficiency, conversion of T4 to T3 may be impaired, leading to hypothyroid symptoms. 

It is thought that selenium deficiency does not specifically cause illness by itself, but that it makes the body more susceptible to illnesses caused by other nutritional, biochemical or infectious stresses, due to its role in immune function.  Selenium is involved in DNA repair and is associated with a reduced risk for cancer, especially colon cancer.

Manganese helps to nourish brain cells and the nerves.  It helps transmission of electrical signal in body and thus proper coordination of brain, nerves and muscles.  Epilepsy or seizure disorder are associated with low manganese levels in blood and thus can be treated with manganese supplements.  

Manganese participate in production of sex hormones and maintaining reproductive health.  It is involved in normal reproductive and function of mammary glands. Reproductive function in manganese deficient patients is characterized  by defective ovulation, ovarian and testicular degeneration, and increased infant mortality. Significant health benefits of manganese have been found for women who suffer from premenstrual syndrome. 

It reduces cramps, mood swings and other PMS symptoms in women. Manganese is crucial for treating blood sugar and insulin issues. Manganese improves thyroid function and any deficiency may result in hypothyroidism. Manganese deficiency causes nausea, vomiting, dizziness, skin rash, high blood sugar or bone loss. 

Prolonged deficiency of manganese may cause retarded growth, digestive disorders, abnormal bone development and deformities, sterility and sexual impotence in men. It helps to form glucosamine, required for bone cartilage and lubricating fluid in joints and thus joint mobility. Manganese is an anti-oxidant and helps remove free radicals from body

The zinc promotes bone health and prevents osteoporosis later in life. Zinc is  good for sexual health  and it can help testosterone and sperm production in men.

Oats are a unique cereal due to its relatively high protein content for vegetarians , and its distinct protein composition compared to other cereals.  Eating oatmeal can lower your cholesterol levels as it is made up of dietary fibres that helps lower the bad cholesterol (LDL) without lowering the good one (HDL).  

Eating a cup of oats every day with a high-fibre, low-fat diet can do wonders in preventing heart disease. The antioxidants present in oats reduce the ability of the blood cells to stick to the insides of the artery walls and thus reduce cholesterol.


Soluble fiber breaks down as it passes through the digestive tract, forming a gel that traps some substances related to cholesterol, such as cholesterol-rich bile acids. This entrapment reduces the absorption of cholesterol into the bloodstream. The bad cholesterol, LDL, is trapped without lowering good cholesterol (HDL). 

The accumulation of cholesterol is implicated in many types of cardiovascular disease.  Oats, like all cholesterol-lowering agents, are most effective when consumed as part of a low-fat, high-fiber diet taken together with plenty of exercise.

Diabetics should consume oats regularly as oat beta-glucan delays the fall in blood sugar levels before meals and slows the rise after a meal.  This means, there aren’t major changes in its level and your diabetes is better controlled. 

The high levels of magnesium nourish the body’s proper use of glucose and insulin secretion.  Magnesium acts as a co-factor for more than 300 enzymes, including enzymes involved in the body's use of glucose and insulin secretion.


As the beta-glucan in the soluble fiber of oats is digested, it forms a gel, which causes the viscosity of the contents of the stomach and small intestine to be increased. This in turn slows down digestion and prolongs the absorption of carbohydrates into the bloodstream. This means dramatic changes in blood sugar levels are avoided.

Oats contain a compound called lignin which helps reduce chances of hormone-related cancers like breast, prostate and ovarian cancer. Women who have a higher intake of fibre have lower levels of circulating oestrogen and are at a lesser risk of breast cancer.

If you suffer from high blood pressure, a daily dose of oats will help you reduce it along with other complications that it can lead to.  Regularly having oats lowers the cholesterol levels in the body. Oats contains low levels of sodium.  This reduces the risk of contracting high blood pressure.

People consuming are less likely to develop persistent asthma.  The beta glucans boost defenses of the immune system agains bacteria, viruses, fungi, and parasites.

Nothing says "good morning" like a warm bowl of oatmeal .



Grace and peace!




'Sri Subrahmanya Bhujangam'


(Subramanya Bhujangam is a stotra sung under inspiration by Sri Aadi Sankara at Tiruchendur.
When he meditated upon Sri Subramanya, he became aware of a self luminous light shining in his heart
and words came out his mouth in extempore in bhujanga metre).

1.   sadA bAlaroopApi vighnAdhi hanthri, mahAdanthi vaktrApi panchAsyamAnyA
      vidheendhrAdhi mrigyA gaNeshAbhidhAme, vidhatthAm shriyam kApi kalyANamurthi :

{Though He always sports the appearance of a child, He can crumble the mountains of obstacles. Though He is elephant-faced, He is honoured even by his five-faced father Shiva (sadyojaatam, vaamadevam, aghoram, tatpurusham and iishaanam). Lord Brahma, Indra and the other Devas seek him to fulfil their aspirations. He is known as Ganesha and He is endowed with boundless glory. May He bless me with prosperity!}.

2.   na jAnAmi padhyam, na jAnAmi gadhyam, na jAnAmi shabdam, na jAnAmi chArttham
      chidekA shadAsyA hridhi dhyothathe me, mukhAnis saranthe giraschApi chitram

{I know not the science of musical sounds, I know not the meanings of complex texts either, I know not the nature of shlokas made of four types of padaas, nor do I know the intricacies of the gadhyam style! But in my heart, shines an effulgent light with six luminous faces, and because of that, from my mouth, amazing phrases with musical tone and meanings pour out in extempore}.

3.   mayUrAdhiroodam mahAvAkyagUdam manohArideham mahachittageham
      mahIdevadevam mahavedabhAvam mahadevabAlam bhaje lokapAlam

{O Son of Mahadeva! Seated on the peacock chariot, being the essence of the great maha vaakyaas, having wonderfully attractive body, dwelling in the heart of great sages, O the quintessence of four Vedas! Thou are indeed the Lord of the Universe}.

4.   yadhA sannidhAnam gathA mAnavA me, bhavAm bodhipAram gathAsthe thadhaiva
      ithi vyanjayan sindhutheere ya aaste, thameede pavitram parAshaktiputram

{O Lord Subramanya! Son of spotless Parashakti [the Mother of the Cosmos], Thou have taken your abode near the sea shore Tiruchendur as if it is an indication that whenever the devotees take refuge in Thee, they can easily cross the ocean of samsara (the eternal cycle of life and death) and reach the other side of the shore safely!}.

5.   yathAbdhes tharangA layam yAnthi thungA, thatthaivA padha sannidhou sevyamAne
      itheevormi panktheer nrinAm darshayantham, sadA bhAvaye hrithsaroje guham tham

{The waves of worries that haunt the minds of the devotees get destroyed like the waves of the ocean when they hit the shore; Thou stands on the sea-side town of Tiruchendur exemplifying this truth that the mental worry-waves get destroyed when the devotees surrender themselves at Thy feet. O Lord Guha (one who resides in the cave of the heart)! I meditate on you always!}.

6.   girou mannivAse narA yedhi rUdA :, thadhA parvathe rAjathe thedhirUdA :
      itheeva bruvan gandha shailAdhirUdah :, sadevo mudhe me sadA shanmukhostu

{O Lord Shanmukha! Thou stands on the top of the Sugandha hill, proclaiming that whenever the devotees climb this hill it will give the same benefit as climbing the king of mountains (Kailas)! May the six-faced Lord on the Sugandha hills remain there to bless me!}.

7.   mahAmbodhitheere mahApApachore, muneendrAnukoole sugandhAkhya shaile
      guhAyAm vasantham svabhAsA lasantham, janArthim harantham shrayAmo guham tham

{On the shores of the great ocean which steals away the sins of the devotees, stands the Sugandha hills, the most favourable site for the sages to perform their penance! Thou resides there to destroy the worries of the devotees! O self-luminous Lord who is present in the cave of the heart! I adore Thee!}.

8.   lasat swarna gehai nrinAm kAmadohe, sumasthoma sanchanna mANikya manche
      samudyath sahasrArka thulyaprakAsham, sadA bhAvaye kArtikeyam suresham

{In a radiant golden bedroom, on a cot set with rubies and covered on all sides with sweet smelling flowers, Thou art seated with the effulgence of a thousand suns! Thou art the answer to every desire of the heart and Thou fulfils the righteous desires of Thy devotees! Thou art the Lord of Devas and son of the Lord of the universe! O Kartikeya I meditate on Thee!}.

9.   raNat hamsake manjuleth yanthashoNe, manohAri lAvaNya peeyusha poorNe
      manash : - shatpadho me bhava klesha taptha :, sadA modathAm skanda te pAda padme

{Let the mind (like a bee) which is burdened with domestic troubles become happy by hovering around Thy lotus feet which is adorned with the jingling ringlets made of rings and beads, red in color indicating grace, filled with the nectar of beauty which attracts the minds of the devotees}.

10.  suvarnAbha divyAm barodh bhAsa mAnam, kvaNath kinkiNi mekhalA shobha mAnam
       lasad dhemapattena vidhyotha mAnam, katim bhAvaye Skanda te deepya mAnam

{Oh! Skanda, I meditate on Thy waist which is covered by a gold coloured cloth, shining with a string of ringing bells and beads, wearing a shining gold belt over the golden silk cloth, and which is by itself self-resplendent}.

11.  pulindesha kanyA ghanA bhoga thunga, sthanA linganA saktha kAshmeera rAgam
       namasyAmyaham tArakAre tavorah :, svabhaktA vane sarvadA sAnurAgam

{Oh! conqueror of Tarakasura! By embracing Valli's (hunter's daughter) well-developed breast ornated with saffron, Thy chest became red coloured, thereby manifesting your eternal grace towards devotees. And such a chest I adore}.

12.  vidhou kluptha dhandAn svaleelA dhri thAndAn, nirasthebha shundAn dvishath kAladhandAn
       hathendhrAri shandAn jagatrAna shoundAn, sadA te prachandAn shraye bAhu dhandAn

{Oh! Shanmukha! Thy arms punished Brahma, Thy arms govern the world as Thy play; Thy arms killed Soorapadma and other demons who are enemies of Indra; Thy arms are matchless in protecting the Universe, and Thy arms are a terror to Thine enemies. I worship Thy twelve arms which do all these things effortlessly}.

13.  sadA shAradA : shan mrugAngkA yadhisyu :, samudyantha eva stthithAsh cheth samanthAth
       sadApoorna bimbA : kalankaishcha heenA :, tadA tvan mukhAnAm bruve Skanda sAmyam

{What can I compare to Thy six faces! If there be six full moons free from blemishes and if those moons be ever shining on all sides, even then they would be no match to your effulgent faces}.

14.  sphuran mandahAsai : sahamsAni chanchath, katAkshA valeebhringa sanghojvalAni
       sudhAsyandhi bimbA dharANi shasoono, tavA lokaye shanmukhAm bhoruhANi

{Oh! Son of Parameshwara, I see Thy six smiling faces shining like a group of swans, having gleaming side glances ever moving like a row of bees and with red lips overflowing with nectar}.

15.  vishAleshu karNAntha dheergesh vajasram, dayAs yandhishu dvAdha shas veekshaNeshu
       mayeeshath katAkshas : sakruth pAthi tashcheth, bhavethe dayAsheela kA nAma hAni :

{Oh! Son of Parameshwara! Oh Merciful Lord! When Thou hast twelve broad long eyes extending upto ears, what will Thou lose by casting that side glance for a moment (on me) ? }.

16.  suthAngodhbhavo mesi jeevethi shad dhA, japanmantra meesho mudhA jigrathe yAn
       jagad bhAra bhridbhyo jagannAtha thebhya :, kireeto jvalebhyo namo mastakebhya

{Oh! Lord of the Universe! I offer my prostration to Thy six heads wearing crowns with brilliant rubies which protect the welfare of creatures, which were smelt by Parameshwara with joy uttering six times the mantra "Child Thou were born of me, May Thou live long"}.

17.  sphuradh ratna keyoora hArAbhi rAma, chalath kuNdala shri-lasadh kandabhAga
       katou peethavAsA kare chArushakti, purasthAn ma mAsthAm purAres thanooja

{Oh Kumara! Son of Lord Parameshwara (who destroyed Tripura)! With garlands of brilliant rubies on Thy shoulders and chest, with bright cheeks shining with pendants dangling from Thy ears, wearing silk garment around Thy waist, and with Vel in Thy hand, Oh! Lord appear before me (It is said that Lord appeared before Acharya when he sung this stotra)!}.

18.  ihAyAhi vatsethi hasthAn prasArya, aah-vayath-yAdha-rAch-shankare mAthu rankAth
       samuthpathya thAtham shrayantham kumAram, harAshlishta gAthram bhaje bAlamoorthim

{When Lord Shankara called Thee affectionately with arms extended, Thou hurriedly rose from Mother's lap and rushed into Shankara's arms who embraced Thee affectionately. I meditate on such a Lord Kumara}.

19.  kumAresha soono Guhaskanda senA, pathe shaktipAne mayUrAdhirUda
       pulindhAthmajA kAntha bhakthArthi hArin, prabho tArakAre sadA raksha mAm tvam

{Oh Kumara! Oh Son of Lord of the Universe! One who shines in the cave of the heart as Guha! Oh Skanda! Oh Lord of the Devas' Army! Oh Wielder of the weapon Vel which is the svarupa of Parashakti! One who rides on the peacock chariot! Oh Beloved of the Hunter's daughter (Valli)! Destroyer of the sins of your devotees! Enemy of Tarakasura! Oh Lord protect me!}.

20.  prashAn thendriye nashta samngnye vicheshte, kaphod kArivaktre bhayoth kampi gAthre
       prayANon mukhe mayyanAthe thadhAneem, drutham me dhayALo bhavAgre guham tham

{Hail Guha, Dayalo. During the last moments of my life, when I will have lost control of my senses, when I will have lost consciousness, when I will be unable move my limbs, when I will be emitting foam of phlegm, when my body will be trembling with fear of death, when I will have none to protect me, Thou must hasten to give me darshan}.

21.  krithAn thasya dhooteshu chandeshu kopAth, daha chindhi bhindheethi mAm tharja yatsu
       mayUram samAruhya mAbhairi thitvam, purash shakti pAnir mamAyAhi sheegram

{Oh! Lord, when ferocious messengers of the God of Death come to torture me angrily shouting, "Burn him, Kill him", Oh! Lord Thou must hasten to appear before me, riding on your peacock,carrying Shaktivel, to encourage me not to be afraid}.

22.  praNam yAsa kruth pAda yosthe pathitvA, prasAdya prabho prArthaye (a)nekavAram
       na vaktum kshamoham thadhAneem krupApdhe, na kAryAnthakAle manA gapyu pekshA

{Oh Merciful Lord! I am prostating to Thy feet often to secure Thy blessings. Oh treasure house of mercy! I offer prayers to please Thee. Thou should not be indifferent towards me during my last moments. At that time I may not have the control and energy to pray to Thee!}.

23.  sahasrAnda bhokthA tvayA ShooranAmA, hathas tArakas simhavaktrascha dhaitya
       mamAnthar hridhistham manaklesha mekam, na hamsi prabho kim karomi kva yAmi

{O Lord! Thou hast slain the demon Soora who ruled the thousand universes! So were the demons Taarakasura and Simhavaktra. But Lord,why have you not killed the demon called mental worry which haunts my mind? When it is afflicting me, what will I do? And where will I go [other than you for help] ? }.

24.  aham sarvadA dukkha bhArA vasanno, bhavAn deenabandhus tva dhanyam na yAche
       bhavadh bhaktirodham sadA kluptha bAdham, mamAdhim drutham nAsha yo mAsuta tvam

{Oh Son of Uma! I am always troubled by the mental worries. Thou art the friend of helpless! I approach none but you for saving me. Quickly destroy my mental worries as they interfere with my devotion towards Thee!}.

25.  apasmAra kushta kshayArsha prameha, jvaronmAdha gulmAdhi rogA mahAntha
       pishAchAshcha sarve bhavatpatra bhoothim, vilokya kshanAth tArakAre dravanthe

{Oh Conqueror of Taraka! Severe epilepsy, leprosy, consumption, lung diseases, venereal diseases, fevers, mental diseases of all types, they run away the moment they see Thy vibhuti contained in a leaf}.

26.  drishi skandamoorthih shrutou skandakeerthih, mukhe me pavitram sadA tach-charitram
       kare tasya krityam vapus tasya bhrutyam, guhe santu leenA mamA shesha bhAvA

{Always may I have before my eyes the murthi of Lord Skanda! Always let my ears hear only the praises of Lord Skanda! Always let my mouth sing the praise of Lord Skanda! Always let my hands be of service to the Lord! Always let my body be a servant to the Lord! Let my limbs, thoughts and actions be devoted to Skanda!}.

27.  muneenA muthAho nriNAm bhakti bhAjAm, abheeshta pradhA santhi sarvatra devA
       nriNA manthya jAnAm api svArtha dhAne, guhA devam anyam najAne najAne

{In all the worlds there are Devas to grant the boons of sages and great bhaktas. But for the lowly and ordinary devotees, I know not of any other Deity to protect them except Guha!}.

28.  kaLathram suthA bandhuvarga pashurvA, naro vAtha nAree gruhe ye madheeyA
       yajantho namanthah stuvantho bhavantham, smaran thascha te santu sarve kumAra

{Oh Lord Kumara! Let my wife, children, relatives, friends, other men and women in our household, venerate Thee! Praise Thee! And always be absorbed in Thy thoughts!}.

29.  mrigA pakshiNo dhamshakA ye cha dushtAs, tathA vyAdhayo bhAdha kA ye madhange
       bhavacchakti teekshnAgra bhinnAs sudhoore, vinashyantu te choorNitha krouncha shaile

{Oh! Destroyer of Krauncha Shaila! Let every thing that troubles my body, birds, beasts, insects, severe diseases, be pierced by Thy powerful weapon Vel and taken far away and destroyed}.

30.  janithri pithA cha svaputrA parAdham, sahethe na kim devasenAdhi nAtha
       aham chAthibAlo bhavAn loka thAtha, kshamasvAparAdham samastham Mahesha

{Do not the parents overlook the faults of their children? Oh! Chief of the army of Devas! I am a small child. Thou art the Father of the Universe. Oh Mahesha! Forgive all my faults}.

31.  namah kekine shaktaye chApi tubhyam, namah chhaga tubhyam namah kukkutAya
       namah sindhave sindhu deshAya tubhyam, punah skanda moorthe namaste namostu

{I bow to Thee, O Peacock (the symbol of Vedas)! I bow to Thee, O Shakti Weapon (Vel is Parashakti herself), I bow to Thee, O Sheep (the symbol of maya tattvam), I bow to Thee, O Rooster (the symbol of Ego), I bow to Thee, O Ocean (the symbol of ananda), I bow to Thee, O Tiruchendur Shrine, I bow to Thee, O Lord Skanda! I bow to Thee again and again! Let all my prostrations reach Thee!}.

32.  jayA nanda bhooman jayA pAra dhAman, jayA mogha keerthe jayA nanthamoorthe
       jayA nanda sindho jayA shesha bandho, jaya tvam sadA mukti dhAnesha soono

{O Source of ananda, reveal Thyself! O Embodiment of boundless effulgent light, reveal Thyself! O Lord! who has all pervading glory, reveal Thyself! O Embodiment of bliss, reveal Thyself! O Lord, Thou art the ocean of bliss, reveal Thyself! O Lord who is the friend of all creatures, reveal Thyself! O Lord, Son of Parameshwara, Bestower of liberation, reveal Thy Glory to me and protect me!}.

33.  bhujangAkhya vritthena kluptham sthavam yah, pateth bhakti yuktho guham sam pranamya
       suputrAn kaLathram dhanam dheergamAyuh, labheth Skanda sAyujya manthe narrassah.

{That holy devotee, who prostrates to Lord Guha, reciting the Bhujanga stotra daily, with devotion, will be blessed with good sons, good wife, wealth and long life, and at end of his life, will attain eternal bliss with Lord Skanda}.


... ... ... vElum mayilum thuNai .. ... ...
********************************************************************
SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MARGARET THATCHER COVERED UP MAD COW DISEASE FOR YEARS ,  VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE,  NORMAL PRESSURE HYDROCEPHALUS ,  LONG INCUBATION HUMAN BRAIN DISEASE CAUSED BY PRIONS WHICH WILL SOON BLOW UP , AMAZING PERCEPTION DIFFERENCE BETWEEN 6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA AND MODERN ALLOPATHIC MEDICINE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






When I go for a swim in the evening,  normally it is a bull session with less swimming and more bull.  One subject is usually what I wrote in my blog.



So here we were discussing how the Brits showed their bare as$es to Margaret Thatcher’s funeral.  One of my friends suggested that I must dedicate a post to Thatcher.

The next day, my friend shoved off to the other end of the pool, but after a few metres he turned back and headed towards me —and I knew he has something urgent to discuss.



He said “ Ajit , you are the only guy on  the Internet who has connected Margaret Thatcher with the mad cow disease.   Rest of the internet denizens have accused her of everything including BO, MO or farting or whatever , but nobody accused her of a cover up of mad cow disease , affecting the health of the entire nation".



I replied -- Indeed , she has left a UGLY legacy behind.  This mad cow affair has NOT finished with exterminating all the British cows.  There will soon be a human variant to this disease, as people have eaten the beef during the cover up period .  Because of Margaret Thatcher’s selfishness and FEMALE bulldog stubbornness, she has done immense harm to the mental acuity of a whole nation , resourceful people who once ruled the planet .  We must not forget that she was PM of Britain for 3 terms which finally ended in Nov 1990, with Rothschild’s support and advise.

Well this mad cow legacy has now reared its ugly head, as the incubation periods are long.



Some people may ponder- is this captain qualified to talk about such a subject?

To them I will say “ I can judge an omelette better than any hen on this planet, and I do NOT need the hen’s permission to judge the omelette !

Below: According to Prof. Richard Lacey,  'Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher knew everything about the mad cow disease , but simply stalled for time. She deceived and lied'.





However, in response to public outcry, Margaret Thatcher appointed the Southwood Committee to study the problem of BSE for humans in May 1988. 


In June 1988 , the Southwood Committee recommended that, at least until more is known about BSE, all carcasses of affected animals should be destroyed.

This recommendation came more than three years after the first suspected case of mad cow disease in Britain and more than 18 months after the government's veterinarians had concluded that the disease was caused by feeding rendered meat and bone meal to cows.  

But nothing was done.  Margaret Thatcher was PM till Nov 1990.


In July 1988 , Britain banned the feeding of cattle with meal made from sheep and cattle remains. For the next eight years, Britain continued to export infected meat and bone meal (MBM) to Asia, Africa and Eastern Europe—literally getting rid of their inventory of infected cows.


Unlike pasture-raised (grass-fed) cows of the developing world, cows in the West are non-vegetarian. After a cow is slaughtered and all the meat that can be sold for human consumption is taken away, a lot of the body parts still remains – heart, lungs, brains, intestines, etc. Disposing this waste is very expensive.

So, enterprising western farmers grind up this waste and feed it back to their cows. These humpless western cows do not just eat their own kind, they eat crap too. They are also fed on a steady diet of poultry waste.  

Non-vegetarian diet in various states of decay, they are given lots of antibiotics to keep them alive. Yes, human beings who consume the beef also assimilate the antibiotics in their bodies. (Another danger that these cows pose is hormones. 



To increase milk supply and accelerate growth rate, farmers inject the the cows with lots of hormones. People in the West are suffering from an epidemic of obesity because they consume hormone-tainted meat. These people are also big consumers of healthcare services and hence the government does not ban cow hormones.



The 'Southwood Report' (which was withheld from publication until 8 February 1989) said that 'The risk of transmission of BSE to humans appear remote.' However, it recommended that people stop buying baby food containing cattle innards. But these products continued to be exported globally. 



By September 1989, Israel ( with Rothschild’s input ) and Australia had banned British beef imports; the US had done so in 1988. Up to this time, most of the British public were blissfully unaware of mad cow disease and continued to eat beef from BSE-infected cows. In November 1989, due to pressure from abroad, Britain banned the export of cattle innards. 



On 13 May 1990, the Sunday Times carried the front-page news 'Leading Food Scientist Calls for Slaughter of Six Million Cows'.   This bombshell ( without asking for Margaret Thatcher's concurrence ) came from Richard Lacey, who called for 'authoritative advice from medical doctors instead of all these ministers, vets and civil servants who are telling us that everything is safe'.

Then in May 1995, the human form of the mad cow disease, vCJD broke out claiming its first death - a 19 year old, becoming the first BSE victim. BSE had crossed the species barrier from cows to humans.

Punch into Google search-
MARGARET THATCHER HENCHWOMAN OR HEROINE  VADAKAYIL




John Major the new PM continued with the cover up. Professor Lacey and his colleague, Stephen Dealler were branded 'bogus' professors;  Dr Helen Grant, a retired neuro-pathologist and expert on brain diseases was considered 'out of date';  Harsh Narang, the microbiologist who developed a BSE test that can detect the disease in cattle not displaying BSE symptoms was called an 'opportunist or a lunatic';   Marja Hovi, the veterinarian who was fired after refusing to certify carcasses as BSE-free. She was described as 'a difficult woman'.


All hell broke loose when Sir Bernard Tomlinson, the country's leading neuropathologist from Gateshead in northeast England  , went on BBC 4 radio and warned against eating beef burgers or meat pies.  

The Health Secretary at the time, Stephen Dorrell, responded on BBC, saying, ''We have removed from the human food chain the organs that could conceivably be linked to that,'' and ''There is no conceivable risk from what is now in the food chain.''

The government's spin machine went into overdrive. 

The Prime Minister John Major told the House of Commons that 'there is no scientific evidence that BSE can be transmitted to humans'. 


The Agriculture Minister Douglas Hogg reassured the British public that 'the government is receiving the best possible professional and technical advice... that which enables us to say with complete confidence that British beef is safe'.

Nevertheless, only four months later, on March 20, 1996, Mr. Dorrell read a fateful statement before a stunned House of Commons that 10 young people had died, and ''the most likely explanation'' was ''exposure to B.S.E.'' That day the world learned the name of a new disease, disease: new variant C.J.D., or human B.S.E.  

The mad cow honeymoon was officially over.





In response, Prof. Lacey said 'This is one of the most disgraceful episodes in this country's history and' wanted 'a full and independent inquiry into the conduct of the government and the way it has used and misused scientific advisors ... the government has been deliberately risking the health of the population for a decade. The reason it didn't take action was that it would be expensive and damaging politically particularly to the farming community who are their supporters ... we are seeing the beginning of a very large number of people acquiring the disease in the next century'.

Below: Hormones in meat 



The official cover-up of the disease in the 1980s extended to the intimidation of British scientists by Margaret Thatcher , who were threatened not to reveal that Britain was breeding and exporting mad cow disease.


In an article to the German daily Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Dr. Stephen Dealler, a British microbiologist, and one of the first scientists to warn about the dangers of BSE, said that the British government systematically suppressed and manipulated scientific research for almost 15 years to keep the truth about BSE from the public.  According to him, researchers were only allowed to analyse tissue samples from animals with government approval.


In 1987, Dr. Dealler wrote about the grave risks of beef contaminated with BSE. Immediately after the publication of his research, he was deprived of all research funding by Margaret Thatcher . 

In 1994, Harsh Narang was punished and he was sacked , the government declared his position 'redundant'.  Prof. Lacey was accused of 'scare mongering'; his conclusions, 'a mixture of science and science fiction' and he 'was certified as mad' by Parliament.


In 1994, when Germany's Health Minister demanded an import ban for British beef in order to 'end this irresponsible experiment on humans', EU Ministers refused to comply.


 By January 1997, the German government passes an emergency decree to destroy all cattle from Britain, Northern Ireland and Switzerland. However in August 1997, it was discovered that a consignment of British beef was illegally imported. Before the police could act, the beef had been processed into sausage and sold throughout Germany.


On February 21, the BBC World Service aired an interview with a South Korean parliamentarian who expressed concerns that the Swiss and German governments are planning to export beef that could be BSE-infected to starvation stricken North Korea on "humanitarian grounds".  Welcome to the brave new world of globalisation and trade without borders.

“All British beef is safe.”  Prime Minister Thatcher, 1988.  

 “There is no danger to the food chain.”    Health Secretary, Kenneth Clarke. 1988.

 “There is nothing wrong with British Beef.”    Agriculture Minister, John Gummer. 1989.

“There is no conceivable risk from British Beef.”  Health Secretary, Steven Dorrell. 1995.

“British Beef is entirely safe.”    Prime Minister,  John Major. April 1996.

“We shall be culling all cattle over 30-months-old.”  Agriculture Minister. Douglas Hogg. March 1996.  

A unquantified large number  of British people today carry the variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease protein Prion.



This infectious protein called Prion resulted from eating toxic beef contaminated with Mad Cow disease. 

The Australian Red Cross Blood Service is NOT so stupid. They have decided to ban a generation of people who had spent significant time in the UK from donating their blood.




Indian vedic HUMPED cows are immune to all these modern diseases like mad cow and foot and mouth diseases , which have affected the foreign HUMPLESS cows .

The immoral west have made a clean exchange using  desh drohi Magsaysay award winner , Verghese Kurian, best known as the "Father of the White Revolution".   





Above: Verghese Kurian , a Syrian Christian ( Jew ) and is from   my hometown Calicut.   


Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford.  



Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.

Today we get A1 toxic milk in Indian supermarkets and Co-operative societies .  Today Indians know what is Alzhiemers and Parkinsons diseases, which we never had before..   

Below:  Our famed Ongole humped bull, who can kick the ass of any foreign bull..



Our Indian bulls were world champions in bullfighting.  Today foreign countries have millions of our prized HUMPED bulls, and we have been cheated with a nice exchange of useless HUMPLESS cows.

Punch into Google search-

NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS VADAKAYIL


Below video : Margaret Thatcher made her Agriculture minister John Gummer feed a beef burger to his daughter Cornelia on May 6th 1990.   They put lot of HOT chillie sauce on the beef so that the little girl will spit it out.



John Gummer had responsibility for food safety during the great BSE scare in 1989–90.  The first cow to fall ill with the BSE was in 1984 , during Margaret Thatcher’s PM term.  It was only in November 1986 that the Ministry of Agriculture acknowledged that it was a new strain.

In July 1989, the Europeans banned the British beef.  John Gummer on instructions from Margaret Thatcher, delayed a ban on beef domestically, despite this, shocking everybody.

Gummer remained defiant–the inquiry into the BSE crisis later asked him whether he had changed his eating habits during or after the crisis.  Gummer replied that if anything he ate more beef because it was cheaper that it used to be.

 “I consider meat to be an essential part of the diet. The Bible tells us that we are masters of the fowls of the air and the beasts of the field and we very properly eatheth them”, pronounced John Gummer at a meeting of the International Meat Trade Association at Butcher’s Hall.  



Above:  This picture is just a photo shoot- this cheat's daughter never ate the burger, as seen by two dozen witnesses  -- the bite mark was made by an assistant. 

As you can see the large curve on the tiny girl's burger bite ( sans beef ) belongs to a large adult mouth.  

And the creep Gummer allows his beef pattice to slip under by gravity, so that his own teeth bites only the burger bun.



Gummer went on to label vegetarianism as “an unnatural practice”.  John Gummer was rewarded by getting elevated to Baron peerage.  





We in India are very familiar with such immoral  Baron , Lord and Duke creeps— we were their slaves for 3 centuries , right?  Cheating is in their blood.

Alan Colchester, a professor of neurology at the University of Kent, and Nancy Colchester, writing in the 3 September 2005 issue of the medical journal The Lancet, proposed a theory that the most likely initial origin of BSE in the United Kingdom was the importation from Indian  bone meal which contained CJD-infected human remains. 

The government of India told the professors to FU#K OFF and vehemently responded to the research calling it "misleading, highly mischievous; a figment of imagination; absurd," further adding that India maintained constant surveillance and had not had a single case of either BSE or vCJD.

Cows are natural vegetarians .   Humans must NOT eat carnivores , as is mentioned in ancient Indian scriptures.

On my Chemical tanker I has carried YELLOW GREASE from USA ( Houston ) to Mexico.  It is nothing but ground to paste animal waste and this includes bones collected from Kentucky fried chicken joints .

British farmers during the PM term of Margaret Thatcher , fed their vegetarian cows with waste non-veg matter .  They fed them with animal byproducts  which contained the mixed meat and bones of cattle and sheep.  

This practice caused the infected brains, nervous systems, and blood of infected cattle to be fed to healthy cows to fatten them up fast.

Obviously, more and more cows became infected and more and more cattle began to die.. At least 550,000 victim cattle were on the market during the 1980s.  



There was this system called “factory-farming” – where cows were raised in penned areas, in very close quarters, and fed with hormones and other chemicals  to fatten them up faster for market . 

They had to pump the cows with huge amounts of antibiotics because the cows  became sick very easily because of their terrible living conditions and unsuitable vermin non-veg food.

The ranchers cut costs by feeding their animals ground-up dead animals, animals that have died of disease – as well as humane society animals, cats and dogs that have been euthanized.   Pets are almost always euthanized by intravenous injection, typically using a very high dose of pentobarbital or sodium thiopental..



Cows were also fed with  offal, parts of the animals not fit for human consumption.  This process of grinding up diseased, dead animals for feed for other animals was called “rendering.”

Their digestive system of vegetarian cows meant for green grass  cannot stay healthy when they are fed the wrong diet, especially when the ground up dead animals are used for food, and so they died from disease!  



These dead cows were again ground up into paste and fed to other living cows. The result was mad cow disease where the brains of the cows were affected and converted into spongy matter.

In the guise of “modern industrial cattle-farming” , cow feed contained deadly mixtures of antibiotics, hormones, and protein supplements.  Whatever little grass they ate were contaminated with deadly pesticides and toxic fertilisers.

Margaret Thatcher and her Govt  conspired to cover-up, distort and withhold the facts from the public.  Whistle-blower trying to warn the innocent and gullible public were threatened with law suits, for spreading false rumours.  

The cattle industry sued Oprah Winfrey and her guest, Cattle Rancher Howard Lyman, because they told the truth about the cover-up of Mad Cow Disease, also called bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE).

Mad Cow disease can be passed from the mother to the fetus in the womb.  Bulls passed the disease to a cow through its sperm.

The English government finally destroyed over 5.1 million cattle and incinerated them at a temperature of 1150 degrees centigrade.  The resulting ash is still considered infectious and is stored in WW ll blimp hangers.  

High heat cannot destroy the protein Prion.  An unquantified large number  British people today carry the variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease protein Prion.  

Documents unearthed showed the Margaret Thatcher’s government officials was warned to cull cattle as early as 1988 amid fears BSE could spread to and kill humans.  But her QUEEN BEE female attitude refused to see reason.  

British scientists and their relatives in the know began boycotting beef during the late 1980s – even though the Thatcher Government was still telling the public it was safe to eat.  

By February 1988 secret memos warned BSE could pass between species through infected meat and pass to humans , with fatal results.  Experts warned Margaret Thatcher again and again that there was “a real possibility that doing nothing could prove extremely costly”.  

Thatcher was reluctant to cull cattle to contain the disease because of the cost—and she always took advise from Rothschild.  The Thatcher cabinet refused to act on independent and government evidence proving high-protein-non veg feed was spreading the disease. 




Stopping the production of contaminated feed  and culling the few herds affected in 1987, would have saved millions of cattle from a futile end in the incinerator, and this impending disaster to mankind.


Typically, the Tory cabinet left it to the farmer to report any new cases. A farmer who saw ten cows showing the early signs of BSE, the slight change in colour of the udder, could take them to market, and get £5,000.  Or report them to MAFF and, eventually, receive £2,500.  

Accused of  gross incompetence from both sides of the Commons the cabinet decided to pay farmers the full market price. By this time, thousands of greedy and NIL conscience British farmers had knowingly taken BSE cows to market.  

From Dec 1990 onwards Margaret Thatcher’s replacement, John Major, continued suppressing the known danger of BSE crossing to humans.  


Unless she is permanently stoned out of her mind. It would be churlish to pretend the Queen played no part in this homicidal cover-up.  




The Queen also knew what transpired when Winston Churchill whose mother Jenny Jerome is Rotshchild, decided to starve 5.2 million Bengalis to death as punishment.




Punch into Google search-

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL



Government Meat Inspectors were made to sign Her Majesty's Official Secrets Act. Under John Major - a Meat Inspector who found BSE meat going into the local butchers shop, would go to jail - if he told you. 
  
Today a lot of English people are silent carriers of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease protein Prion. Though the incubation period is long and death may occur years later  , the people become dimwits.

Bovine spongiform encephalopathy (BSE), or  mad cow disease, is a fatal neurodegenerative disease (encephalopathy) in cattle that causes a spongy degeneration in the brain and spinal cord.  



BSE has a long incubation period, about 30 months to 8 years, usually affecting adult cattle at a peak age onset of four to five years, all breeds being equally susceptible.  The incubation period of variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease in humans takes decades.   

People are still being diagnosed with vCJD each year, and some of the deaths are falsely attributed to Alzheimer’s and Parkinsons.




STOP PRESS:

Every since scientists found out the Prions, a protein cause the human variant of Mad Cow disease , the CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE, they have been in a quandary.

For Prions cannot be destroyed by fire,  freezing, strong disinfectants, sterilization procedures, incineration, intense radiation etc.




Let me help these IDIOTS out.

Scientists think that Prion is the CAUSE of the disease.  The truth is that it is the RESULT of the diseased tissue and NOT the cause.

The white man invaded India and patented 6000 year old Ayurveda by mirroring it- in a most STUPID manner.

The reason of their mindless wild goose chance is that modern medicine treats the symptoms only and Ayurveda treats the entire body as a whole.

The brain is the biggest medicinal chemical factory , which produces drugs at the right dose at the right time without side effects.

In many of my posts I have written that I have never taken a medicine for headache.  I just alkali treated my stomach acid ( using Alka Seltzer ).  I know that my headache will disapper in exactly 3 minutes.

Modern medicine ( allopathy ) is a disease care system and its job is to manage the disease. It is a stupid symptom suppressor.  So in reality, most drugs never really take care of the problem.

Ayurveda on the other hand, finds the root cause of the problem and treats the problem and body as a whole, rather than just the symptoms.

When imbalance arises in the physiology is when illness arises.. An Ayurvedic physician will find the root cause of the problem and treat the root cause, rather than the symptom. Have you ever seen a Ayurvedic medicine designed to kill a specific germ?  They do NOT even use inorganic minerals, all healing herbs are organic veggies.

If indigestion is the root cause of the headache, then the digestion will be addressed first and then the headache. Mind you most of Ayurvedic cures have disappeared during the 300 years of white man’s rule in India.

A real cure is a cure that completely eliminates the problem, not just a temporary band aid  fix.. Western medicine relies on aggressive and costly prescription drugs and expensive surgery to deal with problems related to body toxicity.  

These methods generally address only the symptoms of toxicity and not the underlying causes.  Prescription drugs often result in unwanted and even dangerous side effects—affecting future generations due to warped DNA programming. Nowadays a lot of babies are born with enlarged pineal glands which causes intense suffering.

The human body can produce FRIENDLY bacteria and viruses to combat HOSTILE agents
This means prions are actually the "clean-up crew", formed by the body, to get rid of the toxic mess inside the body to cleanse it.

We have been taught in school that germs CAUSE disease.  But germs DON'T cause disease anymore than flies cause garbage. 

Garbage causes flies , NOT vice versa.

Have  you seen when fruits rot how fast fruit flies come . These fruit flies come from within the fruits , and there is NO point in covering the rotting fruits with a mesh dome. 

In Kerala when we want to eat mangoes, we pluck them raw, then we put them in hot water and then ripen them. If not when the mangoes ripen you will find worms in some of them.

Same way on the tower of Silence of the Parsis --

Dead bodies attract vultures.  Vultures do NOT  attract a dead Parsi . 




I am afraid only such an example can make people think better.

The body can produce its own "cleansing" agents such as a Prions when the need arises.



In the case of Mad Cow Disease, humans have ingested these Prions by eating the flesh of the infected cow—fed with minced and putrid dead animal and parts.  





Above: Margaret Thatcher could have arrested BSE in 1987-88.  As she were advised to do - by almost everyone initially involved , in a most vehement manner. 

When these “clean up crew”  start cleaning out the toxins in the body, the toxins are dumped into the blood stream to be filtered and eliminated from the body. 

These toxins then cause symptoms which the doctor diagnoses as "disease" and the doctor then names the disease according to the symptoms it produces.  Have you seen the way the modern doctors call every disease GENETIC for which they do NOT know the cause.

I have broached this subject briefly in another post-  all this requires a radical change in the method of thinking. Is this planet ready for such radical thinking. I guess it is .

For if you punch into Google search DNA NASA— 

YOU WILL FIND MY TWO OLD POSTS ON DNA , ARE ON PAGE ONE AND ITEMS 1 AND 2 AMONG 63 MILLION POSTS .  

THESE TWO POSTS WILL BE CALLED PSEUDO SCIENCE OR RAMBLINGS OF A MAD MAN BY MODERN PROTEIN SCIENTISTS.




Back to business-

The EVIL pharma then produces a new drug to stop this self cleansing process.  The drug never cures the "disease" - it just stops the cleansing process. 

Ask any high IQ modern doctor of integrity.  He will tell you that the human body cures itself , NOT the Pharma medicines pumped in.  Such doctors will NOT prescribe antibiotics for viral diseases.

As per 6000 year old Ayurveda is a person's immune system is healthy because he has been eating and living properly, he has no need to produce these cleansing agents and will not be susceptible to them.   


But if his body contains dead and dying cells and tissue from an improper diet and lifestyle, then these agents have a field day. As they "clean out" the "garbage" in the body, the effect can be so severe, that the patient actually dies.




Quite often you will see modern surgeons removing a spleen which has been faithfully doing its job—the job god meant it to do.

Punch into Google search-
HIV DOES NOT CAUSE AIDS , MANY AIDS PATIENTS HAVE NIL HIV INSIDE THEM VADAKAYIL

Now you will understand what I mean in the above post.

If the West has to battle the prion and avoid the degradation of the human race , they must seriously consider Ozone sterilization and uses of Ozone, which the EVIL pharma has been trying to block.  Ozone can safely do what carcinogenic extreme disinfectants like Formalin or Formaldehyde can do.

Punch into Google search-
UNSUNG OZONE , FOR INSTANT PREVENTION AND MIRACULOUS CURE VADAKAYIL  .

How many Indian vegetarians know that the nice free flowing granulated sugar you buy in FDI supermarkets have cow bone meal in them , ground up and added to it as a whitening agent?  



Bone char—often referred to as natural carbon—is widely used by the sugar industry as a decolorizing filter, which allows the sugar cane to achieve its desirable white color. 

Now you know that your health complications are NOT from sugar cane, right?

Below: Such nice sugar given to Third World countries-- such nice white men .



Below: So what if we do NOT get clean water-- we get such delicious sugar FREE--   phukkat mein !!

 


Below:  One white man call kill 10 tigers with his bare hands- he is so brave and fair.






I am now in a mood to let out a secret.  Lichens were used by Kerala Maharishis to embalm the Pharaoh’s body along with Cinnamon.  Probably Lichens can downgrade Prions.

Even today lichens are harvested extensively in the Himalayas and Western Ghat mountain ranges for ayurvedic medicines. 

Penicillin was the first antibiotic, “discovered” by Alexander Fleming in the 1929, and has saved countless lives from bacterial infection since then.  



He has NOT told that he copied this from 6000 year old Ayurveda. He got the Nobel Prize in Medicine in 1945




Why does an Indian bride put mehndi ( as a dye ) on her palms on her wedding night.  Well she has to handle an important manly organ.   The lichen used in Mehndi has got VERY impressive anti-bacterial , anti-biotic and anti-fungal properties. 

TEE HEEEE !

I GOT TWO QUERIES VIDE THE COMMENTS COLUMN--  THE ANSWERS ARE SO IMPORTANT THAT IT SHOULD FORM PART OF THE POST.

Manju
December 6, 2013 at 3:03 PM
Guruji,
An off-topic question.

Kindly educate us about DHA, EPA, OMEGA-3 fish oil softgels that are being heavily marketed as good supplement to improve heart health. Are they safe to add as supplement to food?

Best wishes as always...

ReplyDelete
Replies
############
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

December 6, 2013 at 8:48 PM
hi m,

a lot of white men who died of so called "alzhiemers " in their death certificates-- have died to to absorbing deadly indestructible prions from soft gels which they use in capsules like for omega 3 fatty acids and surgical sutures.

NOBODY IS ALLOWED TO TALK ABOUT IT.

THERE ARE LAWS IN UK WHICH WILL THROW YOU INTO JAIL FOR EXPOSING STUFF LIKE THIS -- THIS IS ALMOST AS SACROSANCT AS "6 MILLION JEWS".

capt ajit vadakayil


..
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$


Indianhindutamilian
December 6, 2013 at 4:26 PM
Hi Captain ...

I read some comment by someone on TOI  XXXXXXXXX
Everybody would agree that there are honest & dishonest people in every religion.  But there seems to be a trend ... especially in the past 10 years of Congress Waitress rule, atrocities by Christians against hindus has increased and there seem to be a steady rise in Christians involving in Anti-National, Anti-Hindu & Anti-Indian activities.   This is just not good.

ReplyDelete
Replies
########################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

December 6, 2013 at 8:27 PM
hi iht,

baba ramdev was nearly arrested because they said " they found animal bones in his organic herbal medicines"  ROTHSCHILD  communist brinda karat made a big issue out of it-in her sister's TV channel NDTV.

well i have just told in this post that sugar has COW bone meaL--  this is the granulated sugar you get in indian FDI supermarkets--  and this degradesyour brain--  

the incubation period of the killer PRION will be as much as 50 years.

HAVE YOU SEEN THAT FDI STORES IN INDIA STOCK ONLY GRANULATED SUGAR ?

Note: Brinda Karat’s sister is Radhika Roy , the wife of Prannoy Roy of NDTV—who has a white Irish mother.  Prannoy Roy along with billionaire Mukesh Ambani are the ONLY two indians admitted in the powerful council of foreign relations.  This gives Prannoy Roy immense clout , power , influence and access to the Rothschild controlled world power hierarchy.  NDTV has an annual award like Magsaysay award-- "Indian of The Year" Award.

capt ajit vadakayil

..



During Margaret Thatchers tenure as PM, the US President was Ronald Reagan ( from 1981 to 1989 ) . Both were involved in this massive mad cow disease coverup..

Both died of Alzheimers and lost their minds before death.

Ronald Reagan chose to be candid. He admitted his disease in a handwritten open letter in 1994.  “In opening our hearts, we hope this might promote greater awareness of this condition,” his letter said. “Perhaps it will encourage a clearer understanding of the individuals and families affected by it.”

Margaret Thatcher being who she is, the double shuffling shrewd stubborn woman , never admitted her condition and she forbade her children to offer details about her illness.

What you sow you reap !

Below: Rothschild's stooges both-- refused to heed critical Risk Assessment reports. 
By covering up the mad cow disease Margaret Thatcher  was re-elected for a third term in 1987 and was PM till November 1990.  These two criminals protected the the gigantic billion dollar meat  industry of BIG BROTHER rather than their people who elected them.



During the time of US President George Herbert Walker Bush, in 1989 alone almost 800 million pounds of processed animals were fed to beef and dairy cattle in the U.S..   The USDA has conceded that “the potential risk of amplification of the BSE agent is much greater in the United States” than in Britain.

During the time of US President Bill Clinton in 1995 five million tons of processed slaughterhouse leftovers were sold for animal feed in the United States.


Rendering was a $3 billion-a-year industry in USA . “There is simply no such thing in America as an animal too ravaged by disease, too cancerous, or too putrid to be welcomed by the embracing arms of the renderer.  In addition to diseased farm animals, the city of Los Angeles sends some two hundred tons of euthanized cats and dogs to a rendering plant every month "


The mad cow disease also has been confirmed in cattle born in Austria, Belgium, Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Italy, Ireland, Israel, Japan, Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Slovenia, Spain, Switzerland, and the U.K.

A few examples to show that I am NOT talking though my hat.

The American Red Cross has established strict restrictions on individuals' eligibility to donate blood. Individuals who have spent a cumulative time of 3 months or more in the United Kingdom between 1980 and 1996, or a cumulative time of 5 years or more from 1980 to present in any combination of country(ies) in Europe, are prohibited from donating blood.

The Irish Blood Transfusion Service does "not accept blood donations from people who spent one or more years in the UK between January 1980 and December 1996."

The Association of Blood Donors of Denmark precludes potential donors who have spent a cumulative time of at least 12 months in the United Kingdom between 1 January 1980 and 31 December 1996.

The Singapore Red Cross precludes potential donors who have spent a cumulative time of three months or more in the United Kingdom between 1980 and 1996.

A  policy applies to potential donors to the Australian Red Cross' Blood Service, precluding people who have spent a cumulative time of six months or more in the United Kingdom between 1980 and 1996.

The UK government banned anyone who had received a blood transfusion since January 1980 from donating blood.

From 1999 there has been a ban in the UK for using UK blood to manufacture fractional products such as albumin.

There were NO madcow cases reported in Argentina, Australia, Brazil, New Zealand, Uruguay, and Vanuatu, where herbivorous cows fed outside on grass pasture . In Australia, veggie grain feeding is done only as a final finishing process before the animals are slaughtered for meat.

“British government officials misled the public for years over the dangers of British beef and the risk of “mad cow” (BSE) disease spreading to humans,”  Reuters wire service.

The BSE crisis led to the European Union banning exports of British beef with effect from March 1996; the ban would last for 10 years before it was finally lifted on 1 May 2006, despite several immoral attempts in May 1996 by British prime minister John Major to get the ban lifted

A lot of people in UK are silent carriers of the infectious long incubation prion protein that causes variant Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (vCJD).   Due to the long incubation period, the full extent of the human vCJD outbreak is still not known.


The vCJD   OR variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease  related disease can incubate for probably 50 years, as per some scientists.  

Prions only seem to more concentrated  in nervous system tissue. .  In the brain, these  proteins cause native cellular prion protein to deform into the infectious state, which then goes on to deform further prion protein in an exponential cascade.

This results in protein aggregates, which then form dense plaque fibers, leading to the microscopic appearance of "holes" in the brain, degeneration of physical and mental abilities, and ultimately death.


Above: “Factory farming” of animals, with the massive use of hormones, pesticides and other harmful substances destroy the animal’s immune system. When these diseased animals are eaten by people, then the people get sick and die.

The variant Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease (vCJD) has been diagnosed in many countries in the world, including the United States.  The most common misdiagnosis of vCJD is Alzheimer’s disease.   
Really, the only way out of this mess is to stop eating  meat, poultry, dairy products and eggs.  

Stop eating processed food as most of it contains animal products, even though you would never suspect it. If your immune system is working properly because you are eating the right diet and living the right lifestyle, this cCJD disease can’t touch you.


Kuru, a neurologic disease, very much like vCJD, has been present in Papua New Guinea for many years. It appears to be associated with cannibalism.



Digression:-

I want you to punch into Google search-
OF PORK AND PIGS VADAKAYIL

Happy pork eating !

As the incubation period nears , the initial signs and symptoms of vCJD typically include:
Personality changes
Anxiety
Depression
Memory loss
Impaired thinking
Blurred vision
Insomnia
Difficulty speaking
Difficulty swallowing
Sudden, jerky movements
As the disease progresses, mental symptoms worsen--  rapid, progressive dementia and associated neuromuscular disturbances.  People experience mood swings, numbness, uncontrollable body movements, and other neurological symptoms.  Many death pinned as Alzheimer’s is actually VCJD.

Most people eventually lapse into a coma with brain failure .   Death occurs within 9 months usually.   Some patients will drag on to 2 years.


The abnormal prion touches a normal prion and changes the normal prion's shape into an abnormal one, thereby destroying the normal prion's original function. The nerve cell tries to get rid of the abnormal prions by clumping them together in small sacs that merge with its "stomach" (lysosome). Because the nerve cells cannot digest the abnormal prions, they accumulate in the lysosomes. 



Above:  The prion mode of action is very different to bacteria and viruses as they are simply proteins, devoid of any genetic material. Once a misfolded prion enters a healthy person it converts correctly-folded proteins into the disease-associated form. 


A prion is neither a virus nor a bacteria. Prions are proteins that contain no DNA or RNA, two substances previously felt to be essential for reproduction of a living tissue.

The lysosomes grow and engorge the nerve cell, which eventually dies. When the cell dies, the abnormal prions are released to infect other cells. Large, sponge-like holes are left where many cells die. Numerous nerve cell deaths lead to loss of brain function, and the person eventually dies.

None of the hospitals have adopted effective method of sterilizing surgical instruments contaminated with the human form of “mad cow” disease , vCJD , just because it did not fit in with its established washing procedures.  

A lot of people have had their lives blighted by surgery performed with instruments contaminated the prion protein responsible for vCJD — they did NOT eat the mad cow oe have blood transfusions or whatever.  The lethal prion protein, which sticks to the stainless steel of surgical instruments like superglue and can survive the high temperatures and sterilization procedures of hospital autoclaves.


Ozone sterilization must be studied as a potential method for prion denaturation and deactivation. Evil Pharma will NOT like it though.

Punch into Google search:

UNSUNG OZONE , FOR INSTANT PREVENTION AND MIRACULOUS CURE  VADAKAYIL

As you can see HIV /AIDS is just a walk in the park.

Today people in USA and the west consume large amounts of pure virgin coconut oil daily to help combat Alzheimer’s—all their false and immoral campaign against coconut oil has now officially ended. 

Below: Every person on this planet, must watch the video below.



People of Kerala who have abundant virgin coconut oil were fooled into buying Palm oil, Sunflower oil etc for cooking, so that corrupt ministers can get a kickback.. We in Kerala never knew diseases like Alzhiemers , Parkinsons and bad cholestrol.

India’s milkman Verghese Kurian brought in the white revolution and gave away or prized humped Vedic cows which were resistant to mad cow disease and even foot and mouth disease.   

A big percentage of the balance humped cows were culled by the Christians and the Muslims as they did NOT give large quantities of milk .  These cows do NOT even need artificial feed.  They just grazed free and their dung nourished the land .  

The bull, Bos Indicus, is in great demand , and foreign tourist came to India just to take away the embryos, with the help of desh drohi foreign funded NGOs. .  Even today there there is no mechanism to check illegal export of embryos at sea ports in refrigerated containers.  

See we Indians were immune to mad cow disease and cVJD ,--not anymore.  Today our hospitals are full of Alzhiemers and Parkinson’s patients—and we do NOT have the facility to check for the killer Prions which cause cVJD.

The weight of an Indian Ongole humped female cow is around 450 kilos.  Milk yield can be up to  to 2518 kg. The lactation period is 279 days.  



Ongole milk has a butterfat content of over five percent.  This results in large, well-nourished calves with considerable growth by the time of weaning.  

Below: Hilly Billy Yank showing off his prized mad cow disease resistant HUMPED cow.



Ongole cows stay close to their calves to protect them from predatory animals.  Tough Ongole humped bulls are known to chase wild animals. Today we hardly have this breed. 



The West has millions of Ongole breed cows and bulls—such a sweet exchange , thanks to our corrupt desh drohi rulers..

Nowadays a new disease has popped up in the west affecting small babies. These babies are born with large heads . This disease is called Normal pressure hydrocephalus NPH which is a a build-up of fluid inside the skull, which leads to brain swelling.  

Normal pressure hydrocephalus (NPH) is a rise in cerebrospinal fluid (CSF) in the brain that affects brain function. However, the pressure of the fluid is usually normal.  As CSF (cerebrospinal fluid) builds up in the brain, the fluid-filled chambers (ventricles) of the brain swell. This causes pressure on brain tissue. This can damage or destroy parts of the brain.



Today even old people are suffering from NPH.  These suddenly mentally crippled people finding it difficult to think, walk and urinate , went to the doctor thinking that they are suffering from the usual  Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s and  V Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease.

It has been my habit ,never to rake out a problem without an attached solution.

The west has always made fun of Hindu puja rituals.  We had a Joshua Project 2 funded rationalist Dr Dhabolkar who used to ridicule the Vedic AGNIHOTRA ritual.    He said , CHEE CHHEE , the stupid dirty superstitious Hindus are wallowing in cow dung .  

Well,  what does he know?

Punch into Google search-
AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL.

Camphor or Karpooram is a part of every aarti, puja , house warming or Agnihotra . 

Like how I suggested Lichens ( mehendi ) I am now suggesting Camphor for cVJD.

The flame of Camphor is Lord Shiva’s  flame of consciousness.  It burn without residue.  Camphor crystals ( karpooram)  and match box are used for lightening the cow-dung cakes in Agnihotra.  



Above: Nitric oxide released by Agnihotra heals the brain.  The MMMM of OM the Hindu King Mantra boosts Nitric oxide in the brain.

Camphor is made in 6000 year old Ayurveda by distilling the bark and wood of the camphor tree – the mighty evergreen Camphor Laurel, ( Cinnamomum camphora ) tree.



When I go for an Ayurvedic body massage a few drops of Camphor  oil is added to the essential herbal oils. All those who think that Capt Ajit Vadakayil is stupid , please raise your hands.  Well, I see NO hands( save some of wannabe gora gaands) !!

Camphor is an active ingredient  in vapor-steam products, such as modern Vicks VapoRub.  It clears the air passage like nasal, lungs, sinus and bronchus with no side effects.

White Camphor was used in 6000 year old Ayurveda in the treatment of mania, which is associated with the brain.  Let me drop a broad hint - Muscarinic receptors, are acetylcholine receptors that form G protein-receptor complexes in the cell membranes of certain neurons.

White camphor is a crystalline substance using the formulation C10H16O which is a fantastic anti-oxidant.  As per Ayurveda Karpooram can control geno toxicity which affect in the genetic level.  Its stimulating action affects secretion and excretion.  

It decreases the harshness of nervous disorders as well as convulsions, epileptic attacks, nervousness, as well as chronic anxiety. No wonder Hindus feel good after a puja. There is amazing improvement in attention, ability to concentrate, hand-eye coordination and short-term memory before an exam.

This is NOT mumbo jumbo.


The glossopharyngeal nerve, known as the ninth cranial nerve, is a mixed nerve that carries afferent sensory and efferent motor information. It exits the brainstem out from the sides of the upper medulla, just rostral (closer to the nose) to the vagus nerve . Camphor decreases pressure around the Ninth Cranial Nerve.

The evil Pharma has kep away Cannabis or Marijuana for healing the human brain. I suggest their go back to basics.  

Our ancient Maharishi seers were NOT idiots .

Punch into Google search-


SAY NO TO HUMAN SUFFERING AND DAMAGE TO PLANET EARTH WITH CANNABIS  VADAKAYIL

 

Cannabis can PREVENT Prions for incubating to dangerous levels, and the man can die in good health , before his becomes a vegetable who cannot think .

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says  – Cannabis can disrupt the progression of prion disease Variant Creutzfeld-Jakob disease as they can protects neurons against prion toxicity.

DNA contains instructions which get re-written in RNA, and then the instructions in RNA get translated into protein. So changes in a person’s DNA can cause changes in the proteins their cells produce. Everyone has a gene called PRNP which codes for the protein called PrP, and most of the time this protein is perfectly healthy and fine.

Some people have mutations in the DNA of their PRNP gene, which cause it to produce mutant forms of PrP.  These mutant forms don’t form prions instantly, and most people with PRNP mutations live perfectly healthy for decades. 


Prions, like viruses, are not actually alive, although both can reproduce by hijacking the functions of living cells.



Above: The normal form of the protein is called PrPC, while the infectious form is called PrPSc — the C refers to 'cellular' or 'common' PrP

But as people get older, the mutant forms of PrP are more and more likely to fold up the wrong way and form prions. Once they do, the person has a rapid neurodegenerative disease like vCJD.

— just don’t expect the Evil Pharma controlled and Big Brother controlled government to tell you any of this.



As early as 4200 BC, Charaka, the Father of Medicine , used Cannabis leaves for osmosis hot water immersion baths for  dementia He knew the anti-oxidative , neuro-protective and anti-inflammatory properties of Cannabis.

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

THC is also more effective at blocking clumps of protein that can inhibit memory and cognition in Alzheimer’s patients.  Research done by the Scripps Research Institute in California shows that the active ingredient in marijuana, THC, prevents the formation of deposits in the brain associated with Alzheimer's disease. 



THC was found to prevent an enzyme called acetylcholinesterase from accelerating the formation of "Alzheimer plaques" in the brain more effectively than commercially marketed drugs.

Modern doctors know that Cannabiniods, the plants active compounds, when injected directly into cancerous brain tumors, were found to completely destroy the tumors, while leaving normal cells untouched. They are called pseudo doctors by the Evil Pharma.

Although hydrogen sulfide (H2S) is generally thought of in terms of a poisonous gas, it is endogenously produced in the brain from cysteine by cystathionine beta-synthase (CBS). H2S functions as a neuromodulator as well as a smooth muscle relaxant.

Punch into Google search-
FUMAROLES FOR FREE ENERGY AND HYDROGEN SULPHIDE SUICIDES IN JAPAN  VADAKAYIL

Here we show that the levels of H2S are severely decreased in the brains of Alzheimer's disease (AD) patients compared with the brains of the age matched normal individuals. Hydrogen Sulphide  is active in the brain, where it increases the response of the NMDA receptor and facilitates long term potentiation, which is involved in the formation of memory.  H2S works in tandem with Nitric Oxide. 

Though both nitric oxide (NO) and hydrogen sulfide have been shown to relax blood vessels, their mechanisms of action are different: while NO activates the enzyme guanylyl cyclase, H2S activates ATP-sensitive potassium channels in smooth muscle cells. Nitric oxide does most of the vessel-relaxing work in large vessels and hydrogen sulfide is responsible for similar action in smaller blood vessels.  

Like nitric oxide, hydrogen sulfide is involved in the relaxation of smooth muscle that causes erection of the penis.  In Alzheimer's disease the brain's hydrogen sulfide concentration is severely decreased.  

Japanese have done lot of Cannibalism while in Papua New Guinea and they will have the effects of KURU, the prion disease which has afflicted the cannibal natives of the island.  Japanese soldiers ate 21000 Indian soldiers for dinner.

Punch into Google search-

NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE , UNTOLD SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL


The effect of spongiform encephalopathy is similar to rabies, where the virus accumulates in nervous tissue (which is off limits to the body’s immune system) and the infected animal/human slowly loses control over motor and non-motor functions. It is early during this period that affected human become violent. That is just a phase.  

Symptoms of vCDJ include memory loss, difficulty walking, involuntary movements and psychiatric symptoms similar to schizophrenia or dementia. By the time the victim dies, they may be completely unable to move or speak.



On Reading Of The Mad Cow Disease

I have read of the mad cow disease in Britain
And humans now affected sad to say
But when man for lack of wisdom mess with Nature
There has to be some consequence to pay.

The mad cow disease to human deaths connected
And fear of more deaths causing widespread fears
But 'twas first diagnosed back in the early eighties
And that is going back more than twenty years.

The farmers mixed sheep offal in cows fodder
And some of those sheep had 'scrapie' so we have been told
And people dying from eating meat of diseased cattle
And man yet to learn from his mistakes of old.

When I was young farmers fed meat and bone to cattle
And that's going back some forty years ago
But steers and cows by Nature vegetarians
And than to mess with Nature man ought better know.

They call the disease C.J.D. in humans
And the nervous system it's known to destroy
And all because of man's tampering with Nature
There must be a more pleasant way to die? .

The mad cow disease from Britain through Europe spreading
And reports of fresh outbreaks every day
And all because of man's tampering with Nature
There has to be some consequence to pay.


Francis Duggan


Mad cow disease has now gone global - no thanks to the criminal irresponsibility of the British government,  the US Govt ,the European Commission and WHO —all controlled by Big Brother..

Without compulsory post-mortems, for every person in USA ,UK and Europe over the age of sixty, suffering from Alzheimers and Parkinsons we will never know the true extent of BSE Murders. A negative biopsy does not rule out CJD, since it may predominate in a specific part of the brain.

You will NOT believe the warped perceptions of the STUPID white farmer .  He fed his cow with chicken droppings which he says are “  more nutritious for cows than pig feces or cattle dung.  Beef from cows fed with bird droppings are more juicy and tender “

“When an organic vegetable of fruit cane be gown in SHIT and composted manure why is the public so reluctant to accept  the feeding of chicken excrement to cattle”.

"We hope," says one Western  cattle  industry executive, "common sense will prevail."

INDEED COMMON SENSE HAS PREVAILED  –  A BIT LATE THOUGH.

BLOODY C#NTS—  NAY –  CH00TS  !!




So can you imagine the worth of all these peer reviewed medical journals controlled by Big Brother?



How are drugs approved?

Clinical trials are conducted.  Reports of those trials are written.  The reports, the studies, are published in peer-reviewed medical journals.  The studies are the science.

Some clinical trails are LIVE on human direct, as Indian laws are lax regarding use of impoverished humans as guinea pigs . There are the CHEAP generic drugs Satyameva Jayate of Aamir Khan was pushing into India.

If  millions of  people per decade are being killed by the medical drug side effects , then a huge number of published studies proclaiming the drugs are safe are sheer fraud.  There is no other way to put it.  Hence the need to do LIVE testing. The Indian security agencies must keep a track of Indian doctors going on foreign jaunts.  The medical cartel rests on cataclysmic fraud, scientific fraud.

In USA FDA has a “special relationship” with the pharmaceutical industry. Yes, the FDA utilizes doctors on their drug-approval panels that have ties to the pharmaceutical industry. But, in the end, it is the FDA official seal that opens the gate and permits a drug to be prescribed by doctors and sold in the US.  So far not a single FDA employee was even censured—leave alone  fired, or criminally prosecuted for the killing side effects of these drugs.

There was this scandal a decade ago that Albanian( impoverished nation)  names in six Greek hospitals were more than three times as likely to be perfectly healthy as those removed from patients with Greek names— all this to give hand on experience to fresh surgeons..

Dang lies are transmitted every day using paid up media   “ Soys may ease sleepless nights for old citizens “ ( we are talking about GM soy ) or – “olive oil lowers blood pressure” or "coconut oil bad for heart and brain " ( reverse of the truth -- as virgin coconut oil is THE only oil good for heart and brain ) etc.

Hey, Peer reviewed big brother owned art magazines even converted garbage PTHHEEOOY art to million dollar expensive art.

Punch into Google search-
MODERN ABSTRACT ART AND PICASSO  VADAKAYIL

And if you wanna know why a Rothschild wine costs more that the competition -

Punch into Google search-
CHILEAN WINE, AND THE ART OF WINE TASTING  VADAKAYIL

Château Lafite-Rothschild 1869 sold recently for HK$1.8 million a bottle .   In 1997, a Chateau Mouton Rothschild 1945 was recorded at Christie’s, London  for USD 114,614.  In 1985 Christie’s sold Chateau Lafite 1787 for USD  160,000.



How correct these years are can be vouched only by Rothschild’s own peer reviewed magazine.

Below: Check out the AADHAR CARDS of the mad cows.



SINCE THERE ARE MORE THAN 200 COMMENTS-- CLICK ON "LOAD MORE" TO SEE THE REST OF THE COMMENTS

Grace and peace !



Guru Stotra— a 7000 year old invocation.

Guru Brahma Gurur Vishnu
Guru Devo Maheshwaraha
Guru Saakshat Para Brahma
Tasmai Sree Gurave Namaha

Meaning:Guru is verily the representative of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. He creates, sustains knowledge and destroys the weeds of ignorance. I salute such a Guru.

Akhanda Mandalaakaaram
Vyaaptam Yenam charaacharam
Tatpadam Darshitam Yena
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: Guru can guide us to the supreme knowledge of THAT which pervades all the living and non-living beings in the entire Universe (namely Brahman). I salute such a Guru.

Agnyaana Timiraandhasya
Gnyaana Anjana Shalaakayaa
Chakshuhu Unmeelitam Yenam
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: A Guru can save us from the pangs of ignorance (darkness) by applying to us the balm of knowledge or awareness of the Supreme, I salute such a Guru.

Sthaavaram Jangamam Vyaaptam
Yatkinchit Sacharaa Charam
TatPadam Darshitam Yena
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: That Guru who can enlighten us about the all pervading consciousness present in all the three world or states (of Jaagrath, Swapna and Sushupti ... activity, dream and deep sleep state), I salute such a Guru.

Chinmayam Vyaapti Yatsarvam
Trailokya Sacharaa Charam
TatPadam Darshitam Yena
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: That revered Master who directs my attention to the ONE divinity existing in all that is inert (immobile) as well as that which is active (mobile), I salute such a Guru.

Sarva Sruti Shiroratna
Viraajita Padambujaha
Vedaantaambuja Sooryo Yah
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: That Guru who is the ocean of the Srutis (Vedas), the Sun of knowledge (who can destroy our ignorance with these rays), I salute such a Guru.

Chaitanyah Shaashwatah Shaantho
Vyomaateeto Niranjanaha
Bindu Naada Kalaateetaha
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: That Guru who is the representative of the unchangeable, ever present, peaceful spirit, who is one pointed and beyond the realm of space and time, whose vision is always enchanting, I salute such a Guru.

Gnyaana Shakti Samaaroodah
Tatwa Maalaa Vibhooshitaha
Bhukti Mukti Pradaaneyna
Tasmai sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: The one who is an ocean of knowledge, who is always in Yoga (in unison With God) who is adorned by the knowledge of the God principle, the One Who can liberate us from this mundane existence, I salute such a Guru.

Aneka Janma Sampraapta
Karma Bandha Vidaahine
Atma Gnyaana Pradaaneyna
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: The one who can help us free from the chain of karma accumulated over several lives, by teaching us the knowledge of the self (Atma Gnyaana), I salute such a Guru.

Shoshanam Bhava Sindhoscha
Gnyaapanam Saarasampadaha
Guror Padodakam Samyak
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: The one who can help us cross this ocean of life, the one who can reveal to us the Divine, I adore his Paadukaas (hold on to his feet), I salute such a Guru.

Na Guror Adhikam Tatwam
Na Guror Adhikam Tapaha
Tatwa Gnyaanaat Param Naasti
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: There no greater principle than the Guru; there is no greater penance than the Guru; There is no greater knowledge than meditation on such a Guru. I salute such a Guru.

Mannaathah Sri Jaganaatho
Madguruhu Sri Jagad Guruhu
Madh Atma Sarva Bhootaatma
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: The Lord of the world is my Lord and the Guru of the World is my Guru, the SELF in me is the same which is present in all (the same divinity inherent in all beings). I salute such a Guru (who gives me this insight).

Guroraadi Anaadischa
Guruh Parama Daivatam
Guroh Parataram Naasti
Tasmai Sri Gurave Namaha.

Meaning: The Guru has neither beginning nor end; the Guru is the ultimate God (in the visible form). There is nothing beyond this Guru principle, and I salute such a Guru.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Dhyaanamoolam Gurur Moorthihi
Poojamoolam Guroh Padam
Mantramoolam Guror Vaakyam
Moksha Moolam Guru Krupa.

Meaning: The Guru's form is the best to meditate upon; the Guru's feet are the best for worship; the Guru's word is the mantra; the Guru's Grace is the root of liberation.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Brahmaanandham Parama Sukhadam Kevalam Jnaana Murthim
Dhvandhvaa Theetham Gagana Sadhrisham Tathvam Asyaadi Lakshyam
Ekam Nithyam Vimalam Achalam Sarvadhee Saakshi Bhutham
Bhavaatheetham Thriguna Rahitham Sadhgurum Tham Namaami.


Meaning:  This sloka tries to describe the qualities of a true Guru.  A real Guru has the following qualities.  He experiences the supreme Bliss of Brahmaananda (transcedental divine bliss).  He enjoys and confers changeless supreme happiness.  He is beyond space and time (there is nothing higher than him).  He is the embodiment of wisdom which is the basis for all types of knowledge.  He transcends the pair of opposites (such as happiness and sorrow, gain and loss).  He is more Omnipresent than space itself.  He is the very embodiment of the Divine principle, which is the inner meaning of the four great pronouncements Prajnaanam Brahma, Aham Brahmasmi, Thath Thvam Asi and Ayam Aathma Brahma. He is One without a second (ekam).  He never changes under any circumstances (nithyam). He is without any type of impurity (vimalam).  He is steady and motionless(achalam).  He is the witness of everything. He transcends mental comprehension and verbal explanation.  He is beyond the three gunas (sathva, rajas and thamas).  I offer my humble salutations to such a Guru who possesses all these qualities.
********************************************************************
DAMA DAM MAST QALANDAR, A PRAYER TO A SINDHI HINDU SAINT JHULELAL- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
A PRAYER TO ISHTA DEVATA JHULE LAL OF SINDHIS,  HIJACKED BY SUFI SINGER  BABA BULLEH SHAH FOR SUFI SAINT PIR  SHAHBAZ QALANDAR - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Lal meri pat rakhiyo bhala jhoole laalan
Ho Lal meri pat rakhiyo bhala jhoole laalan
Sindhri da sehwan da sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar, sakhi shahbaz kalandar, ali dam dam de andar
Ho laal meri, ho laal meri

Char charag tere balan hamesha
Ho char charag tere balan hamesha
Panjwan balan aai aan bhala jhoolay lalan
Ho panjwan balan aai aan bhala jhoolay lalan

Sindhri da, sehwan da sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar, sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Ali dam dam de andar
Ho laal meri, ho laal meri

Ucha roza peera tera
Ho ucha roza peera tera
Heth wagay darya bhala jhoolay lalan
Ho heth wagay darya bhala jhoolay lalan

Sindhri da, sehwan da sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar, sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Ali dam dam de andar
Ho laal meri, ho laal meri

Maanvan noon peera bachray daina ain
Bhainan noon daina ain veer mala jhoolay lalan
Ho bhainan noon daina ain veer mala jhoolay lalan

Sindhri da, sehwan da sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar, sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Ali dam dam de andar
Ho laal meri, ho laal meri

Chanan chanan teri nobat bajay
Ho chanan chanan teri nobat bajay
Naal waje gharyal bhala jhoolay lalan
Ho naal waje gharyal bhala jhoolay lalan

Sindhri da, sehwan da, sakhi shahbaz kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar
Dama dam mast kalandar


Ho laal meri, ho laal meri

###############


O lord of Sindh, Jhulelal, and Sire of Shewan
The red robed God-intoxicated Qalandar, glory unto you!
May I always have your benign protection

Your shrine is always lighted with four lamps
And here I come to light a fifth lamp in your honor

Let your heroic name ring out in Hind & Sindh
Let the bell ring loud for your glory

O Lord, may you prevail everytime, everywhere
In the name of Ali, I pray to you to help my boat cross
(the river of life) in safety



When Khatri caste Hindu saint Guru Nanak died  in September 22, 1539 at the age of  70 at Kartapur Ravi, Pakistan , the Muslims fought for his dead body.  



The Muslims who were in power  claimed that since Nanak went to Mecca  the saint belongs to their faith.   Finally they found the body was missing, with a basket of flowers in its place.  



They divided the flowers and buried half of it, while the other half was cremated.

It is a shame that modern Sindhis do NOT even know that their patron saint is Jhulelal.

Why blame the Sindhis.  They are the modern gypsies.  They do NOT have a homeland.  They are ridiculed in Bollywood movies  ( papad ) .

Their homeland in Pakistan , the Sindh , was the spot of the most ancient civilization of mankind.

The story of Guru Nanak and the flowers , was written by the British.

The Brits just copied from Jhulelal's history.

When Jhulelal died at the age of 13 there was a fight between Muslims and Sindhi Hindus, as to how they would dispose off the dead carcass.  The story of the flowers being divided happened with Jhulelal, NOT with Nanak.

In the song Harzat Shahbaaz Qalandar is also referred as Jhulelal.  Both are NOT the same.  One is a Sufi Muslim who died at the age of 94 , the other is a Hindu boy saint saint Jhulelal,  who died more than a hundred and ten years before .  

See how history is warped by a mere song writer.

Jhulelal had saved the Sindhis from sure death at the hand of the evil Muslim ruler Mirkshah –who told them "convert or die".

In so transpired that Mirkshah became his believer.  

When he was about to kill Jhulelal, there was a sort of a tsunami ,when water entered his palace and fires broke out at the same time.  The Muslim king begged for foregiveness and the rising waters receded like magic.

Today none of the Sindhis know about a brave and righteous Sindhi Hindu ruler by the name of Raja Dahir.  However a few Sindhis still remember him with gratitude and celebrate June 20 to remember the virtuous Raja Dahir of Chuch Dynasty .

Below: Raja Dahir, the last Hindu ruler of Sindh.




There is a saying among the white men " First give a dog a bad name and then shoot it " .

This is what the Muslim historians did. They gave Raja Dahir the last Hindu ruler of Sindh who ruled for 32 long years , a bad name.  

They charged this Pushkarna Brahmin king with marrying his own sister. No Hindu will EVER marry his own sister –this is just a big muslim lie..

They did propaganda that he raped a virgin from his kingdom every night. So to save the Sindhi Hindus  ( SNIFF ! ) from such tyranny, Muhammad bin Qasim (an Arab general) from the Umayyad Caliphate, waged war and killed him in 712 AD . 

Below: Muhammad Bin Qasim


Dahir's wife did Jauhar ( self immolation by burning genitals )- with all women to avoid their dead bodies being raped by the invading Arabs.


The Pakistani Muslim Singhis must know that they should be grateful to Raja Dahi rfor giving sanctuary to Prophet Muhammad's fleeing family from the deadly Ummayads.   

Raja Dahir gave shelter in his palace to a well-known follower of Imam Hussian, Muhammad Bin Allafi– a man much sought by the Umayyad in their deadly hunt for eliminating the last of the Ahl-e-Bait (Prophet Muhammad’s immediate family).

Raja Dahir offered refuge to Mohammad the Prophet’s  grandson Hussain. When Hussian was on his way to Singh he was ambushed at Karbala Iraq , tortured and killed .

Raja Dahir was killed in the battlefield, his beautiful  daughters were captured as war booty in the Islamic tradition.  The Governor, Muhammad bin Qasim, then sent them as ‘presents’ to the Caliph of the time Khalifa Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik, to become a part of his vast harem.

 
Mohammed Bin Qasim is NOT a worthy first citizen of Pakistan—their school text books tell a lie.

Sindh was annexed by Khalifa of Al Hilaj to his kingdom and was administered by his representatives. The Muslims spread Islam rather with deceit and the power of sword than the conviction of its being a better belief.

Today the Pakistanis has a sea port Muhammad Bin Qasim.   Muhammad bin Qasim’s uncle was the of the governor of Iraq.  The new caliph Sulaiman blinded Qasim –as per the amazing personal virtue of all the great muslim invaders.  

Like Babur , the Pakistanis honor another Muslim invader who raped their ancestor women.

Jhulelal’s birthday Cheti Chand which falls on the second day of the Chaitra month , is celebrated by few Sindhis who remember him .   

Though Jhulelal died at the age of 13, he is represented as a bearded man sitting cross-legged on a lotus flower that rests on a pallo fish which is found in Indus river. He wears a golden crown with a peacock feather and wears regal clothes, and holds a 108 bead rudraksha mala in one hand. .  

It is said that when the parents of the new born infant opened his mouth they saw a vision of Sindhu flowing and an old man on Pallo fish.  A Punjabi astrologer in Nassarpur called the child Uderolal; Udero in Sanskrit means one who has sprung from river waters.  

The day the child was born there was torrential unseasonal rain, as if to announce the birth of the new water Avatar.

Jhulelal was born  on the New Moon of Month Chaitra 1007 AD, at a time when Muslims were persecuting the Hindus.  The Divine child ( compared to Lord Krishna ) was born  to Devaki and Rattanchand of Nasarpur.  

The birth of the child was prophesies when all Sindhis fasted for 40 days and prayed to Lord Varun,   for divine intervention as their lives were in danger from the Muslim tyrant king Mirkshah-- “ convert or die”.

Jhulelal died in 1020 AD..

After 40 days of Chaaliho, the followers of Jhulelal celebrate the occasion with festivity as ‘Thanks Giving Day’ even till today.

When the child was born and his mother put him on the cradle, it started swinging on its own , as a sign of divine intervention. The child was then named ‘Julelal’ - one who swings to and fro.

The Jhulelal prayer has been bestowed to Sufi Saint Hazrat Lal Shahbaz Qalander (1177-1274 AD ), the Red Sufi.  He belonged to the Suhrawardiyya Sufi order.  They neatly inserted a LAL in front of his name so that the song looks tailor made for him.  

Lal was converted to mean red — and even today the Mulsim pilgrims to his dargah wear red. Jhula was converted to whirling around like the dervish.


No lamps are lit in any Muslim mosque or Shrine or Dargah--nor there are any bells. 

Shahbaz Qalander died in Sindh (Pakistan) where his dargah is worshipped even  today. Thousands of pilgrims visit his shrine in Sehwan every year, especially at the occasion of his Urs.   Sehwan was known for its splendour and sanctity as a sacred place for Hindus of Sindh.  The earlier name for Sehwan was Shivasthan, the city of lord Shiva.

Below: Kafir-Qila, an ancient Hindu temple converted to a fort by Alexander the Great , at Sehwan


The Muslims claim that Shahbaz Shahbaz was the spiritual disciple of Mansur Hallaj, the tenth-century martyred mystic poet of Baghdad.  He lived in the ruins of an ancient Shiva  temple on the west bank of the Indus. He lived in a  hollow tree trunk where he meditated . .  

Below: Dargah of Shahbaz Qalandar at Sehwan.



He encouraged his followers to dance like the whirling dervish as a way of achieving spiritual ecstasy, a tradition still followed at his dargah in Sehwan Sharif with the accompanying of dhamaal, the beating of drums.
  


Shahbaaz Qalandar was born as Syed Muhammad Usman in 1177 AD in Marwand, Iran. His father Syed Ibrahim Kabiruudin was a Sufi dervish dancer.

Below: Sehr Sehwan Sharif-- once a glorious Hindu land.



Muslims in Sindh were inclined towards the Qarmatian Shia rulers of Egypt. They are the ones who stole the black Shiva Lingam stone on the SE corner of Kaaba – 5 feet above the ground. The Qarmatians were half-Hindu and they looked upon Ali, the son-in-law of Mohammed and fourth Khalifa, as the tenth avatar of Vishnu.  

The Qarmatians survive today as Ismaili Khojas --- who, till 1937, were governed by the Hindu civil law . The Pakistanis still do NOT know that the father oftheir nation Mohammed Ali Jinnah and the Aga Khan were part of this sect.

The two main and highest ranked tribes of Sindh are: the Soomra - descendants of the Soomra Dynasty, who ruled Sindh during (970 - 1351 A.D.) and the second is Samma - descendants of the Samma Dynasty, who ruled Sindh during (1351 - 1521 A.D.). Both these tribes belong to the same blood line as well.

During my 40 years at sea, I have seen Sindhis all over the world.  Lot of migrant Sindhis can be found in USA, Canada, Singapore and Hongkong.   

The majority of the Sindhi Hindus are followers of Shaivite tradition.  A common greeting among Sindhis is "Jhulelal Bera-Hee-Paar".  



Hardly any importance is given to The Great Wall of Sindh on the Kirthar range , built by Raja Dahir , know today as Ranikot fort.   

There are 3 forts within this wall Meeri Kot, Shergarh Kot and Mohan Kot.  Islamic zealots have tried to claim this fort, but as you can see the arches are Hindu style with lotus and Hindu motifs.   

Below: Lotus motif is NOT Islamic -    no matter how much they try !



There is a perennial water spring 'Parryen jo Tarru' which was highly valued for its medicinal property.   Pani khot gradually became Rani khot  --originally meant  “the fort for protecting a water stream” .



According to the census of India 1951, nearly 776,000 Sindhi Hindus fled to  India—due to ethnic cleansing. As of the 2001 census, there were 2,571,526 Sindhi speakers in India. Sindhi is the only constitutionally recognised Indian language without a region. 

Unlike other communities who choose to converse in their mother tongue, Sindhis speak in English or Hindi even among themselves.  No bank holiday is declared on Cheti Chand Day.  Rothschild agve away the entire sindh having a 7000 year old rich civilization and comprising of 55000 sq. miles --free to Pakistan.  

Not even a sliver of homeland was left for the Sindhi Hindus.  Today all are crying for Palestine and Kashmir.

What a disgrace !

THIS SONG MAST QALANDAR WILL REMIND THEM OF THEIR GLORIOUS PAST !

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DANGERS OF DIABETES ,  FASTING PLASMA GLUCOSE TEST,   KETOSIS  THE FAT BURNING METABLIC PHASE,  UNEXPAINED INSTANT WEIGHT LOSS A SIGN OF DIABETES – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Usually I would NOT be posting on a medical subject.

But there are too many misconceptions, that modern doctors do NOT understand.

Every Indian over the age of 50 must pay heed to this post.

One of my friends used to walk pat my bunglow gates, as part of his morning walk.  He used to have a gargantuan pot belly and an ass to match.

Once I saw him after a gap of 5 months.

After our usual chit chat he broke the glad tidings that he lost 9 kilos in the past 3 months.

I had a good look see and I notices that he indeed had lost weight all over and his gangantuan ass was now like 2 hamburger buns- but his pot belly was still the same.

So I told him “ Listen, do you have type two Diabetes “.

He was taken aback and said “ No , I do NOT have diabetes.  I drink 4 glasses of sugar cane juice every day ”

So then I asked him “ When you pee into the toilet bowl is there any foam”.

He got a bit white faced and said “ Yes, I have noticed a lot of foam recently”.

So I told him “ When your  body has insufficient insulin, it cannot get glucose from the blood into the body's cells to use as energy and will instead begin to burn fat.  If the body cannot burn sugar, it will burn stored fat, and ketone build up will begin.  You have lost weight NOT because of your daily 2 km saunter type walk, but because you are on the road to Type 2 Diabetes.”

And then I invited him to step into my compound.

I took him to one corner of my gates in a shady area and told him to pee there. Then I told him, come back after two hours and I will show you ants only in the area where you peed”

Sue enough he came back after two hours and he was surprised to see that spot full of ants.

So I told him “Tomorrow morning, as soon as you get up get your blood sugar and urine check in the lab next to your house , before you have your bed tea.“

The next day around noon, he telephoned me and said  “ My blood sugar is extremely high.   It is 248 mg.dl, while the normal range is 70- 100. And I also have proteins and ketones in my urine.  I am in sh#t street, what can I do ”

So I gave him a 6000 year old Ayurvedic cure.

“Buy some Karela and Amla and have it juice first thing in the morning every day from today onwards for the next two months . And stop drinking sugarcane juice and substitute it with fresh watermelon juice from the same stall . Also have one nariyal pani ( tender coconut water ) a day.  After two months take another blood test, and let me know ”.



Punch into Google search –
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL.

6200 years ago Charaka , the father of Medicine ,  prescribed fresh Karela juice (90%  bitter gourd ) mixed with fresh Amla juice ( 10% gooseberry ) to cure madhumeha or "honey urine"—( diabetes two –Prameham ). 



The Bitter gourd / Gooseberry  juice taken for two months in the empty stomach daily for two months enables the burnt out pancreas to regenerate and secrete insulin again.  



Today the Evil Pharma has made a multi-billion business opportunity out of this.



In this post I am NOT talking about type 1 diabetes. 

Type 1 diabetes results from a rheumatoid-like autoimmune reaction in which one's own body attacks and destroys the beta cells of the pancreas.  These are the cells that normally produce insulin. Type 1 is a disease in which the patient in a relatively short time has no insulin production.  

Type 1 was once commonly called juvenile diabetes mellitus because it is most commonly diagnosed in children and affects less than 8% of the diabetic population.



In diabetes type 1 the body is not producing insulin, while in diabetes type 2 the cells are not responding properly to the insulin, and/or there is not enough insulin being produced. People with type 1 diabetes need to take insulin regularly in order to stay alive.


In type 1 diabetes, the person's own body has destroyed the insulin-producing beta cells in the pancreas.  When your own body destroys good stuff in your own body it has what is called an autoimmune disease.  Type 1 diabetes is an autoimmune disease.





All patients with type 1 diabetes can develop a serious metabolic disorder called ketoacidosis when their blood sugars are high and there is not enough insulin in their body.  

Ketoacidosis can be fatal unless treated as an emergency with hydration and insulin.  Insulin is given at least twice a day and is often given four times a day in type 1 diabetes. 

You cannot reverse or prevent Type 1 by doing lots of exercise or eating carefully.  The  type 1 diabetes patient has lost his beta cells.  The beta cells are in the pancreas and they produce insulin.



Type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus are diseases that have in common, sugar in the urine and the increased urination.   Type 1 diabetes  is not preventable, while in type 2 diabetes much of its onset is the result of foods and beverages you consume, body weight, fitness and lifestyle. .


When there are high amounts of sugar in the blood, the kidneys filter sugar into the urine. Patients who develop diabetes mellitus most commonly have initial symptoms of increased thirst, increased urination and blurred vision due to high amounts of sugar in the fluids of the eye.

In Type 2 diabetes, the body cannot use the insulin it produces. . To use glucose, your body needs insulin.  Insulin is made by the pancreas by Beta cells in the Islets of Langerhans.     After eating, the pancreas automatically releases an adequate amount of insulin to transport the blood glucose into the cells, which results in lower blood sugar levels.   

If you have type 2 diabetes, the glucose in the bloodstream does not enter the cells (at all or not enough),  so glucose builds up until levels are too high, resulting in a condition called hyperglycemia.

Consequently, excessive amounts of glucose accumulate in the blood.  This blood glucose overload is eventually passed out of the body in urine.  Even though the blood has plenty of insulin, the cells of a person with diabetes are not getting their crucial energy and growth requirements. This is starvation in the midst of plenty.


Blood glucose is essential for the proper functioning of brain cells. Therefore, low blood sugar can lead to central nervous system symptoms such as:

dizziness,
confusion,
weakness, and
tremors.

Insulin job is to assist the body in turning food into energy.  Insulin also helps the body to store excess energy that can be used at a later time.  When we eat, insulin causes glucose to move from the blood to the body's cells. There, the glucose is used to make protein, fat and sugar. 



Between meals, insulin helps the body utilize the stored proteins, fats and sugars for energy. Insulin signaling in the brain decreases appetite and prevents glucose production by the liver through neuronal signals from the hypothalamus.

Insulin is necessary for the body to be able to use sugar. Sugar is the basic fuel for the cells in the body, and insulin takes the sugar from the blood into the cells. 

When glucose builds up in the blood instead of going into cells, it can cause two problems:
Right away, your cells may be starved for energy.

Over time, high blood glucose levels may hurt your eyes, kidneys, nerves or heart.

Approximately 80 percent of people with type 2 diabetes are overweight.  Unlike type 1 diabetes, type 2 diabetes,  is NOT  an autoimmune disease . Here there is  insulin resistance, which is the inability of the body to use the insulin that it produces.  Eventually, in type 2 diabetes insulin production can decline too.


A person with diabetes has a condition in which the quantity of glucose in the blood is too elevated (hyperglycemia).   This excess blood glucose eventually passes out of the body in urine.  So, even though the blood has plenty of glucose, the cells are not getting it for their essential energy and growth requirements.

Complications linked to badly controlled diabetes:

Eye complications - glaucoma, cataracts, diabetic retinopathy, and some others.

Foot complications - neuropathy, ulcers, and sometimes gangrene which may require that the foot be amputated

Skin complications - people with diabetes are more susceptible to skin infections and skin disorders

Heart problems - such as ischemic heart disease, when the blood supply to the heart muscle is diminished

Hypertension - common in people with diabetes, which can raise the risk of kidney disease, eye problems, heart attack and stroke

Mental health - uncontrolled diabetes raises the risk of suffering from depression, anxiety and some other mental disorders

Hearing loss - diabetes patients have a higher risk of developing hearing problems

Gum disease - there is a much higher prevalence of gum disease among diabetes patients

Gastroparesis - the muscles of the stomach stop working properly

Ketoacidosis - a combination of ketosis and acidosis; accumulation of ketone bodies and acidity in the blood.

Neuropathy - diabetic neuropathy is a type of nerve damage which can lead to several different problems.

HHNS (Hyperosmolar Hyperglycemic Nonketotic Syndrome) - blood glucose levels shoot up too high, and there are no ketones present in the blood or urine.  It is an emergency condition.

Nephropathy - uncontrolled blood pressure that can lead to kidney disease

PAD (peripheral arterial disease) - symptoms may include pain in the leg, tingling and sometimes problems walking properly

Stroke - if blood pressure, cholesterol levels, and blood glucose levels are not controlled, the risk of stroke increases significantly

Erectile dysfunction - male impotence-- the reason why drunkard Pickle Johns get nagged by Chutney Marys



Infections - people with badly controlled diabetes are much more susceptible to infections

Healing of wounds - cuts and lesions take much longer to heal.



With type 2 diabetes, the muscles and liver that normally take up blood sugar and use it for energy begin to lose their sensitivity to the hormone insulin, a condition known as insulin resistance.

In type 2 diabetis initially  the pancreas keeps up with the added demand by producing more insulin. In time, however, it loses the ability to secrete enough insulin in response to meals.

In a few type 2 patients, years of insulin overproduction cause the beta cells of the pancreas to burn out and STOP making insulin.  The result of both long-term type 1 and type 2 diabetes mellitus is end-organ damage.  Patients can develop blindness, kidney failure and vascular disease.

The only way to be sure about your blood sugar levels is to test them regularly. . People with a lot of visceral fat, also known as central obesity, belly fat, or abdominal obesity, are especially at risk
Most of the food we consume is broken down into glucose. Glucose is a type of sugar in the blood - it is the main source of food for our bodies (our cells).  

When food is digested it eventually enters our bloodstream in the form of glucose. Cells utilize the glucose for growth and energy. However, without the help of insulin, the glucose cannot enter our cells.

People with type 2 diabetes might have to take oral medicines that work by improving the cells’ response to insulin and increase insulin production. If the body reduces the amount of insulin it produces over time, people with type 2 diabetes may also have to start taking insulin.  

Some people may be able to control their type 2 diabetes symptoms by losing weight, following a healthy diet, doing plenty of exercise, and monitoring their blood glucose levels. However, type 2 diabetes is typically a progressive disease - it gradually gets worse - and the patient will probably end up have to take insulin, usually in tablet form.




As per Ayurveda coconut water is rich in a lot of nutrients that are required by diabetics to keep their blood sugar levels in control.  Coconut water has the ability to satiate your hunger, and prevent you from eating in excess. Tender coconut water ( drunk within 2 minutes of opening ) is good for people who are on the road to Diabetes 2 - have one glass coconut water a day.

Punch into Google search-

QUANTUM DRINK, COCONUT WATER  VADAKAYIL



Punch into Google search-


DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW VADAKAYIL

People think that watermelon is sweet and hence it is a bad fruit for type 2 diabetes.  On the contrary watermelon is good for diabetes management and should form part of a diabetes diet.. 

High potassium and magnesium levels help blood circulation, regulate nerve impulses and have a beneficial effect on blood pressure. It is fat free and cholesterol free, both important factors in a diabetic diet.

The high fiber and water content coupled with low sugar content can keep them full without impacting their blood sugar levels.   

Arginine, a nutrient found in watermelons is very effective in enhancing the effect of insulin on sugar, thus reducing insulin resistance.  It is also beneficial in cases of erectile dysfunction, another health issue that many diabetics have to cope with.

Arginine, is the champion of amino acids when it comes to biochemical versatility-- no other amino acid can match its broad spectrum of benefits.  Arginine can help improve our insulin sensitivity, which is the same as diminishing our insulin resistance.

Kidney disorders are also common among diabetics. The high potassium content in watermelon helps in washing off toxic compounds in the kidneys. It is also helpful in reducing blood uric acid levels which can otherwise cause kidney damage. The high water content in watermelon also induces frequent urination which helps the kidneys flush out toxins from the body.



Below: Nitric oxide is generated when you utter Hindu king mantra OM -- continue with MMMMM hum


People over 50 who are on the road to diabetes must have Zinc in their diet.

Zinc is not stored by the body, which means a consistent intake is required to maintain steady levels.

Zinc is present in various foods, but it can also be supplemented for those who may be at risk for deficiencies.  Zinc supplements are commonly sold as zinc chelate.

Zinc can be found in many types of seafood such as beans, cashews, spinach, garlic, sesame seeds, water melon seeds, pumpkin seeds, oats, green peas rajma, peanuts , yogurt  etc.

Zinc is essential for reading genetic instructions, and when diets do not contain foods rich in zinc, instructions get misread, or not read at all.  

When the foods in our diet do not provide us with enough zinc, insulin response decreases, and our blood sugar becomes more difficult to stabilize.  Metabolic rate - the rate at which we create and use up energy - also depends on zinc for its regulation.  

When zinc is deficient in the diet, metabolic rate drops (along with hormonal output by our thyroid gland).


If you are a diabetes patient, you are EVIL Big Pharma’s best friend.  You have been ear-marked for the rest of your life as a cash cow for the companies who make diabetes medicines, syringes, blood sugar monitors, insulin, cotton swabs, and more.

Both the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the European Food Safety Authority says Aspartame in artificial sweeteners is safe ( if people consume less than 50 mg of aspartame per kilogram of body weight each day )—in my opinion you better NOT believe this , as it has the support of DIET COKE , a powerful lobby.  

Diet Coke is bad for type 2 diabetes.  I can bet in the very near future nobody will buy Diet Coke. It is best to stick to organic natural foods and natural sweeteners like honey .

Artificial sweeteners slow metabolism and increase fat deposition, and can increase the risk of diabetes. Insulin normally triggers the liver to take up extra blood glucose and store the energy for future use.  But when the liver is submerged in fat tissue, insulin can't get the liver to respond. 

While any excess fat cranks up the risk of diabetes, fat in your midsection—which tends to swaddle organs that play a key role in regulating blood sugar—is a bigger contributor to risk.

I keep a packet of cinnamon stick in my car.  It prevents type 2 diabetes.

Soluble fiber turns into a gel-like consistency during digestion, which slows absorption of the sugar molecules in the starch.  Soluble fiber is the part of the plant material which absorbs water and dissolves in the digestive system. Oat bran, barley, legumes and fruit are high in soluble fiber. This fiber also works to moderate blood glucose, reduce cholesterol, triglycerides and lower LDL cholesterol.



Insoluble fiber passes through the digestive tract without "registering" as a carbohydrate, while slowing down the whole digestive process so you stay satisfied and your blood sugar remains steady. Insoluble fiber is roughage–bran, skins and seeds, vegetables and cereal. This kind of fiber promotes regularity by adding bulk to bowel movements, slows digestion to aid in weight loss and blood glucose control, and helps prevent intestinal disorders and reduces the risk of intestinal cancers.


Eating white rice can raise blood glucose significantly, especially if eaten often or in large quantities.  Potatoes may be a whole, natural root veggie, but they’re also notorious for causing blood sugar to spike because they're digested into the bloodstream quickly.   

Glucose (sugar) is a carbohydrate. Because controlling blood sugar controls diabetes, be wary of the amount of carbohydrate intake.  Beer is like sugar laden dessert as far as diabetes is concerned.





Healthy kidneys do not allow a significant amount of protein to pass through their filters.  But filters damaged by kidney disease may let proteins such as albumin leak from the blood into the urine.

Faulty kidneys allow the passage of protein from the blood to the urine, which causes froth. Those who have hypertension (high blood pressure) and diabetes have a greater chance of seeing bubbles in their urine .

When blood circulates through healthy kidneys, a system of tubules, called glomeruli, filter out waste products and leave behind substances your body needs, including proteins. When the kidneys are damaged, proteins may reach detectable levels in the urine. 



Glomerulosclerosis refers to scarring or hardening of the glomeruli -- blood vessels located in the kidneys. The glomeruli filter the blood as it passes through the kidneys. They remove waste fluids that then leave the body as urine.

Damaged glomeruli can't perform their job adequately. As a result, large amounts of protein from the blood leak into the urine rather than remaining in the bloodstream. This leads to a condition called proteinuria.



Ketone is a chemical produced when there is a shortage of insulin in the blood and the body breaks down body fat for energy.


Ketones in the urine is a sign that your body is using fat for energy instead of using glucose because not enough insulin is available to use glucose for energy.

Ketones are produced normally by the liver as part of fatty acid metabolism. In normal states these ketones will be completely metabolised so that very little, if any at all, will appear in the urine. If for any reason the body cannot get enough glucose for energy it will switch to using body fats, resulting in an increase in ketone production making them detectable in the blood and urine. 



When your cells don't get the glucose they need for energy, your body begins to burn fat for energy, which produces ketones. They are a warning sign that your diabetes is out of control or that you are getting sick. High levels of ketones can poison the body. Ketones accumulate in the blood, causing it to become more acidic. 

As a result, many of the enzymes that control the body's metabolic processes aren't able to function as well. A higher level of ketones also affects levels of sugar and electrolytes in the body.



When ketone levels become too high, the risk of ketoacidosis is raised, and this emergency condition can lead to coma and even death in serious cases.

High levels of ketones are therefore more common in people with type 1 diabetes or people with advanced type 2 diabetes.  

Like I said before Ketones are an acid remaining when the body burns its own fat, when there is NO insulin or not enough insulin .


Glycosuria or glucosuria is the excretion of glucose into the urine. Ordinarily, urine contains no glucose because the kidneys are able to reclaim all of the filtered glucose back into the bloodstream.

Cataracts and glaucoma are also more common among diabetics.


Kidney damage from diabetes is called diabetic nephropathy.  The onset of kidney disease and its progression is extremely variable.  Initially, diseased small blood vessels in the kidneys cause the leakage of protein in the urine.

Later on, the kidneys lose their ability to cleanse and filter blood.  The accumulation of toxic waste products in the blood leads to the need for expensive dialysis.  

Joshua Project 2 is using FREE dialysis in Christian hospitals to convert poor Hindus . They keep away from Muslims ,  lest they heads get chopped off.

Dialysis involves using a machine that serves the function of the kidney by filtering and cleaning the blood.  In patients who do not want to undergo chronic EXPENSIVE dialysis, kidney transplantation is the only way out.  Diabetic nephropathy, the impact of diabetes on the kidneys, can lead to scarring changes in the kidney tissue.

When people exercise their muscles are in use, so they use up more blood glucose, helping to reduce blood sugar levels.

Today India has more type 2 diabetics than any other country on this planet—about 40 million. 

The prevalence of diabetes in Indians persons 65 years of age and older is more than 35% -- most Indians do NOT know anything about diabetes and they just die.  

Our DESH DROHI foreign funded Indian media is more concerned about Sachin Tendulkar . This pea brained man , with a British mother-in-law , has now started advising India ( like another NWO stooge Chetan Bhagat)  .  Never mind that only nine and a half countries on this planet play cricket.




The NEW WORLD ORDER  stooges  who rule India are more worried about giving a perverted gay with cold sores , his right  to put his prick into the as$hole of an innocent small boy ( or for the matter a lesbian creep to put her finger into the panties of a small innocent school girl in a crowded bus ) , than address more important and critical  issues.




Above: When the flood relief packets for Uttaranchal arrived , each relief packet had the picture of the Italian waitress and her "PM in waiting" son, hidden inside .  

I am sure this is NOT Catholic culture !  

So then is it Italian mafia culture, to squeeze immoral personal benefit out of human tragedy where thousands died?


Below: The high tech gay !



Below: The idol of the decadent NEW WORLD ORDER and promoter of LGBT rights –LADY GAGA  -- named one of the most influential people in the world by Time magazine.  She allowed both man and women to SUCK you know what. We shall NOT have this decadent culture in India.




November 14 was World Diabetes Day.   Ideally what I wrote in this post should be transmitted to Indians who are on the road to self destruction -- thanks to western processed foods and unhealthy life styles.. 


In Kerala Lord Parashurama created thousands of Snake groves or Sarpakkavus. Inside these groves he cause Ayurvedic creepers and trees ( for medicinal barks ) to be grown.  During the British rule , they destroyed all these groves stating superstition. There are tree barks for every disease on this planet.

My wife’s paternal grandmother was an Ayurvedic physician at Kannur .

There is a creeper in Kannur by the name of Amritavalli ( leaves are heart shaped ) that bring down sugar levels from 500 to less than 100 in a few of days—and that too permanently, which means the pancreas is regenerated..  There is no medicine on this planet which is even 1/100th as effective.




Punch into Google search-
KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA VADAKAYIL



In the rush to run down Hinduism, and convert Hindus to other religions—this planet is suffering. 

For thousands of years , the only medicines available to this planet was from Kerala snake groves.

Today everybody makes fun of Hindus for worshiping snakes.

Grace and peace !



7000 year old Medha Suktam.

OM yash chanda sam risha bo vishwaru pa ha
Chando biyo diyam ritat samba buva
Sa mendro medaya-a spri no tu
Amritasiya deva dara no buya sam
Shari ram me vi char shanam
Jiva me madu mata ma
Karna-a biyam buri vi shru vam
Bramana kosho asi medaya pihi ta ha
Shrutam me gopa ya

OM shanti shanti shantihi

OM Medha Devi jusha mana na aga-at
Vishwa chi badra sumana siya mana
Twaya jushta nuda mana du ruk ta-an
Briha dwa dema vidarte suvira-a-a

Twaya jushta rishir bava ti devi
Twaya brama gat shri ruta twaya-a
Twaya jushtas chitram vin date vasu 
sano jushashwa dra vino na mede

Me dam ma indro dada tu
Me dam devi Saraswati
Me dam me ashwina vu bava da taam
Push kara sraja

Apsarasu cha ya meda
Gandarveshu cha yan mana ha
Devi-im meda Saraswati
Sa ma-am meda surabir jushtam swaha

A mam meda surabir vishwa rupa
Hiranya varna jagati jagamya
Ur jashwati paya sa pinva mana-a
Sa mam me da supra tika jushan-tam-m

Mayi me dam mayi prajam
Ma yagnis tejo dada tu
Mayi me dam mayi prajam
Ma indra indrayam dada tu
Mayi me dam mayi prajam
Mayi suryo brajo dadatu

Om Hamsa Hamsaya vidmahe
Paramahamsaya dhimahi
Tanno Hamsa Prachodayat
Om Shanti Shanti Shantihi


May the universal form, exalted among the Vedas and born of the essence of the Vedas, bless me with wisdom.

May I be blessed with the nectar of immortality. May my body become active. May my tongue speak sweetly.

May my ears hear everything well. You are the repository of Brahman, and are hidden by the intellect.

May my memory protect me. Om peace, peace, peace.

O goddess of wisdom! You are pleased, all-pervading and have a peaceful mind. Bless us so that we may give up bad speech and speak well in an assembly like heroes.

O goddess! Blessed by you one becomes a sage; like Brahma. Blessed by you one attains prosperity. Blessed by you one attains many treasures. May that intelligence bless us with wealth.
  
May Indra give me intelligence. May goddess Saraswati give me intelligence. May the two Ashwins, who wear garlands of lotuses give me intelligence.

 May Saraswati, who is fragrant, bless me with the divine intelligence which is the wisdom of the Apsaras and the mind of the Gandharvas.

May that Saraswati, who is intelligence personified, who is fragrant, who is all pervading, who has a golden complexion, who is the earth, who is accessible to all, who is full of vigour, who is overflowing with the nectar of knowledge, and who is beautiful; come to me and bless me with intelligence.

May Agni give me intelligence, people and vigour. May Indra give me intelligence, people and bodily power. May Surya give me intelligence, people and brilliance.

We perceive the Hamsa that is the soul; we meditate on that Hamsa that is the supreme being.
May that Hamsa inspire us (to reach that goal).

Om peace, peace, 
********************************************************************
THE LAST SUNSET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




WHEN THE VIOLIN WEEPS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This song is from a Malayalam movie ( my mother tongue ).

This song is about a lonely grandmother feelings.  

Her dull unloved life comes alive when she is suddenly visited by her granddaughter, she has not seen since she was a baby..   

The young girl who has brain cancer runs away from her father ( now alienated from his mother ).

She wants to see her grandmother before she dies,  and to enjoy her last few sunsets in the middle of nature (  instead of a hospital ).










Below: The violin is an amazing instrument when in the hands of a virtuoso (Manoj George)






aayiram kannumai kaathirunnu ninne jnaan
ennil ninnum parannakannoru paingili malar thenkili

(aayiram ... )

manju veenatharinjilla veyil vannupoyatharinjilla
(manju ... )
omale nee varum naalumenniyirunnu jnaan
paingili malar thenkili
vannu nee vannu ninnu nee ende janma saaphalyame
vannu nee vannu ninnu nee ende janma saaphalyame

(aayiram ... )

thennalum makalekiyo kunju thumbi thamburu meettiyo
ullile maamayil neelappeelikal veeshiyo
(thennalum ... )
ende ormayil poothu ninnoru manja mandhaarame
ennil ninnum parannu poyoru jeeva chaithanyame

(aayiram ... )
..........



How I waited for you with a thousand longing eyes
oh little sweet bird , who flew away from me

Never knew  when the mist came, when the  sunshine  left
Dear, I counted these days till you would come
You came, you came and stood, you my life’s bliss

Does the breeze kiss you? Does  the small dragonfly play the sitar?
Does  the peacock inside you wave it’s blue feathers?
You ,the blooming yellow flower that existed in my memories

You my life’s bliss who flew away from me--
********************************************************************
SLEEP PARALYSIS AND THE SINISTER PRESENCE WHICH TERRORISES YOU - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SLEEP PARALYSIS , THE BODY MIND ILLUSION AFTER REM SLEEP, THE EVIL GHOST WHO SITS ON YOUR CHEST SUFFOCATING YOU AND PULLS AWAY YOUR SHEETS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



One of my readers wanted me to comment on sleep paralysis. This phenomenon troubles a big percentage of people , who complain of ghosts inside locked bed rooms with shut windows. 

The comments column is too small , and I need to put in some pictures.



The experience of sleep paralysis sounds too crazy to be true.  When it occurs, which it does with surprising frequency, the victim often questions his or her own sanity,  if he does NOT believe in the devil.  One in 3 people suffer from it- yet they keep quiet for fear of being ridiculed.

Some wake up in the middle of the night, paralysed for a few seconds, unable to move or speak. Their  mind is awake but the body is still asleep.  

They feel the presence or a fearsome entity, -- an evil entity lurking .  For some, this entity sits on their chest and tried to strangulate them. For some this entity pulls away the sheets, and in the struggle they fall down.  Most people who fall down from the beds have been victims of this.

Sleep paralysis may leave you feeling frightened, especially if you also see or hear things that aren't really there. Sleep paralysis may happen only once, or you may have it frequently -- even several times a night.



I know of a very intelligent man who had a fight with his wife’s brother over some property. That night he experience the devil as he told me.  

He accused his wife’s brother  of "CALLING THE DEVIL INTO HIS HOUSE BY BLACK MAGIC "  He did some puja and wanted to evacuate and go somewhere else.

When he narrated this to me his mouth was frothing and his hands trembling due to indignation and rage.   

So I had to calm him down and explain the meaning of sleep paralysis which can be triggered by improper transitions to REM ( rapid eye movement sleep ) .




Sleep paralysis is simply a sign that your body is not moving smoothly through the stages of sleep— 

--and it is NOT about ghosts as one of my readers has just put a comment with a bulls#it link.

This is exactly the reason why I am penning this post—to remove misconceptions about ghosts .

These are the type of authors who give fuel to rationalists like Dr Dhabolkar . Hinduism praised by Quantum physicists does NOT support this nonsense .


Now let me introduce you to some secrets-

When you do rapid typing do you really think your brain is involved— ask yourself— or do you think that your body cells have their own intelligence?  You brain is involved only till you master typing.  

Like driving , when you become an expert you can day dream and drive fast through heavy traffic.  You may miss a landmark, or drive past your supermarket where you wanted to shop, but you have NOT killed anybody.

Scientists think that your brain holds all your memory. How wrong they are. If you ask these jokers what is the use of REM ( rapid eye movement ) sleep or why it happens they are at a loss.

You brain does NOT hold all memory.  Like the internet which you access by a search engine like GOOGLE—your brain and DNA can access the COSMIC INTERNET also known as AKASHIK FIELD.  

This can happen only during REM sleep while your brain is in ALPHA MODE.  Alpha frequency is 7.83 hertz , which is also the frequency of planet earth.  

The Hindu king mantra OM is 7.83 hertz and is heard by the heart as it is beyond human audio range. The human ear can hear only frequencies greater than 20 hertz.

Christians have lifted OM and made it AMEN, Jews have made it SHALOM, Muslims hve made it 786 ( draw the sign of OM on paper and show into mirror and you can see 786 in Arabic or Devnagiri ) , Sikhs have made it ONKAR.  

However none of these lifted versions of OM can produce Nitric oxide or resonate the cosmos. 

Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 100 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body. Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide.



Before the Mahabharata war Lord Krishna took out his Panchajanya conch and blew which resonated the cosmos like a tsunami ( soliton wave ) at 7.83 hertz .  



This GOLDEN SPIRAL channeled sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide.  



The innards of the conch which creates the sound is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field. The ancient Vedas written in 5000 BC tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field. 

Below : The 11000 year old Sri Yantra is based on the golden mean of 1.618.   The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803)



Which means a conch can create scalar waves.  The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM.

Below The Egyptian pyramids were made by Kerala Maharishis using 1.618.




Now I must explain what is REM sleep while in Alpha mode — for sleep paralysis happens usually when the brain jumps from Theta to Beta without proper smooth transit through the intervening Alpha.  

You can access Akashik records only while in Alpha mode, when you resonate your pineal gland and DNA with the planet.



If you become aware before the REM cycle has finished, you may notice that you cannot move or speak.  Eye movements and breathing are always preserved, though some people experience a sense of breathlessness. This paralysis may be accompanied by vivid hallucinations.

These hallucinations can be most unnerving and may include seeing, hearing, smelling or even feeling things that are not there. Some can feel a dent on the mattress where the evil entity is sitting –and this can terrorise and cause trauma. The figure may walk last a background light and block it --this is how real it gets .


Below: Sensing an ominous presence , but cant scream as the throat does NOT respond, cant run as muscles are paralysed.   Gripped by a blinding fear, you struggle against an evil  bad smelling invisible force holding you down.



Many of those afflicted with sleep paralysis describe the sinister entity shaped like a human figure like a dark ghost or a shadow.  It tends to be just beyond the periphery of vision, and it is indeed menacing.

This may be accompanied by a sensation of being touched, and some even describe feeling like they are being held down. This strange experience in the middle of the night, as you just come out of sleep, can be downright terrifying

At the end of NREM, your sleep shifts to REM.  Your eyes move quickly and dreams occur, but the rest of your body remains very relaxed.  Your muscles are "turned off" during REM sleep. The muscles controlling the eyes and diaphragm remain active.

REM sleep is when we have our most vivid dreams. It occurs cyclically throughout the night, with these periods normally appearing every 90 to 120 minutes.

People who have sleep apnea and whose REM sleep gets affected are DUMB and they also have sleep paralysis. Such people should NOT sleep in supine position ( facing upwards ).

Anxiety, depression, shift work ,  medications side effects and alcohol use may  increase the incidence of sleep paralysis.  As sleep paralysis is most often infrequent and short-lived, it does not require any specific treatment.

Many people are reassured by knowing it is nothing serious. They just need to get up from this cold sweat situation and reboot by taking some deep diaphramic breaths to flood the pineal gland with oxygen and format the amygdala .

Melatonin is typically at its lowest point during REM sleep.  

The amygdala is  involved in the threat activation response mechanism. We humans are conscious creatures because we have more amygdala nuclei.  The amygdala has in turn been implicated in nearly every psychiatric disorder.  Electrical stimulations of the right amygdala induce negative emotions, especially fear.

The amygdala is the seat of emotion. It is the amygdala which jolts our bodies in fear,  form emotional memories,  helps us feel our dreams and can shape the effects of certain stress disorders and phobias. The amygdala plays a central role in generating fear in response to external threats.

The amygdala memory is consolidated during the REM sleep.   During REM, the sleep state immediately adjacent to an episode of sleep paralysis, the amygdala is very active.   Bursts of activity from the brainstem pass through the thalamus, which passes activity onto the amygdala.



Sleep paralysis happens when REM sleep bleeds into wakefulness.  The release of certain neurotransmitters is shut down during REM.    When this occurs it is called REM atonia, a state in which the body's muscles won't move.  This is so when we dream, we don't physically act it out.

By the way people who ridicule Baba Ramdev must know that there are also links ( which can be modified ) between homosexuality and the connectivity of the amygdala to the rest of the brain. 

Homosexuality depends on hormonal factors operating during fetal life and NOT genetics. No baby is born a homosexual. While the amygdala is almost fully developed at birth, the prefrontal cortex does not mature until early adulthood.

A person with sleep paralysis who feels a sinister presence in his room during an episode, must know that he is hallucinating.   Sleep paralysis is not considered a dangerous health problem. 

Rarely is sleep paralysis linked to deep underlying psychiatric problems, with the need for charlatan demon exorcists or special pujas or counseling by psychiatrists who would love to milk you.  There is NO need to run away from your “haunted” house. There is NO sinister menacing intruder watching you in your locked bedroom. 

Several features of REM breathing patterns exacerbate the feeling of suffocation. Attempts at breathing deeply fail, and give you a sense of resistance, which the threat-activated amygdala vigilance system interprets as someone sitting on your chest, suffocating you..  

Breathing difficulty is due to paralysis of the muscles in the upper airways that causes feelings of choking and suffocation.  Deprived of external cues that would normally allow a sense of fear to be disconfirmed, attempts to analyse the source of the fear will fail. This may lead to a sense of apprehension that last a few minutes.  

The neurotransmitters that control voluntary movement are blocked during REM sleep-- a process called atonia.  Some people feel vibrations or hear vague rustling sounds

You cant move because two chemicals in the brain, GABA and glycine, which signal between brain cells, are responsible for switching off the neurons that allow your muscles to be active.

If you get frozen in this paralysed state break it off by rapidly moving your eyes to and fro. Stress and sleep apnea interrupts normal sleep cycles, which can greatly contribute to the likelihood of sleep paralysis.

Some people experience levitation or out-of-body experiences, which is a type of hallucination due to high activity in the amygdala, the emotional centre of the brain during REM sleep.    This is associated with structures in the brain known as vestibular nuclei that co-ordinate body movements. 
The feeling of viewing oneself from outside the body occurs because of a connection problem between brain activity and body control. OBE can be feelings of rising off the bed, flying, or hurtling through spiral dark tunnels towards light.  



Some people experience  out of body experiences, where they float on top and look down on themselves. Belief-centric labels such as "astral projection", "soul travel", or "spirit walking" are now attached .

People having too frequent REM sleep disorder can be an indicator of neurodegenerative diseases. The mad cow created vCJD ( variant Creutzfeldt Jacob Disease ) is one .

During REM ( rapid movement of eyes ) sleep exchange of information takes place between the left lobe and right lobe of the brain. 



Conscious = induction+ deduction ( determines what is to be done ). LEFT BRAIN LOBE : Numbers, written language, reasoning, spoken language, scientific skills , RH control


Subconscious = only deduction ( no thinking , draws conclusions, does not care for right or wrong, gives the power to do the job ) RIGHT BRAIN LOBE ( for right handers ): Insight, 3D forms , art, imagination, music, left hand control

Some students study the whole night before the exams and they do NOT get REM sleep. If the exams are postponed for two days because of a bandh or whatever, what they studied is NOT backed up from the left lobe to the right lobe ( for a right hander ). And they forget what they have studied 2 days ago.

This is why you see some morbidly obese people in your office STUPID and they have NOT been getting REM sleep due to sleep APNEA, where their air passage get choked.

In 9 hours of sleep there will be 6 such REM cycles. During REM sleep, the heart rate increases, oxygen consumption is high, and neural firing is as active as it is during a period of wakefulness. The brains capacity to store information is disrupted or access the COSMIC INTERNET OF AKASHIK RECORDS when no REM sleep is experienced.



OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga ( perceived by seers ).
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states)




As written 7000 years ago in our Hindu scriptures – the four stages are  described :
consciousness plus thinking is waking,
consciousness minus thinking is turiya,
unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming,
unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.

All this was patented by the white invader in their own names.




Scalar waves are information carrying waves, and are linked to human consciousness.  They are the interface between the mental and physical world.  

The existence of Scalar waves and the Akashic field ( Zero point field or Aether ) have been known to the Vedic Maharishis since the past 11000 years.



The Akashic chronicles record everything that has ever happened or will happen in this cosmos.  It contains the story of every soul that has lived on our planet.


REM SLEEP HAPPENS ONLY WHILE YOUR BRAIN IS IN THE ALPHA STATE WHEN YOUR PINEAL GLAND AND TWO STRAND DNA RESONATES WITH 7.83 HERTZ , THE EARTH’S FREQUENCY OR THE FREQUENCY OF OM  , THE HINDU KING MANTRA   .

Our cosmos is self aware. Every atom, planet and star is self aware with individuality. 




Consciousness is NOT restricted to organic life forms alone. Alpha waves are generated, which resonate in sympathy with Schumann frequency of 7.83 Hz.

Aether ( akasha ) is the source of all intelligence in the universe. It makes up the force field.  It is the life force that sustains all the atoms and molecules in the universe. We hardly ever think of the empty space where the electrons buzz around. 

99.999% of the atom is the intelligent morphogenetic empty space, which in Advaita Hindusim is GOD , the brahmAn.  

Electrons pelt around the nucleus at tremendous speeds , without slowing down because they tap into quantum fluctuations in empty space -- i remember asking my physics teacher about this , when i was 13 years old --  and he got upset with me.



We sense the visible universe with our 5 human senses. The invisible universe is outside these 5 senses.

Akashic record— every thing that has ever happened in the universe is held in a vast library of the cosmic memory.  Anyone who can tune in can access this memory bank.  When you look at a person you see only his physical body. 



A psychic can see 7 extra layers or auras surrounding it.  Most modern psychics are charlatans.  




The ancient Maharishi with a king sized pineal gland and 12 strand DNA  could judge what your are worth by your aura— he did NOT need to make you take a written , oral and physical test.



When you meditate your brain goes from Beta 25 Hz to Alpha 8 Hz and then to Theta 4 Hz.  Theta brain state is at the border between the conscious and subconscious world.  Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " --while delta is connected with " unconscious mind. Your brain goes into the delta range of 1 to 3 Hz range during deep non REM dreamless sleep. 

All psychic exercises require you to alter your state of consciousness to reach ALPHA ( 7.83  Hz)  state.  . It is a light trance state achieved by meditation. Your breathing slows down, you cease to notice noise, and visual distractions.  You must be in the NOW. The "alpha state" is where meditation starts and you begin to access the wealth of creativity that lies just below our conscious awareness.

In deep meditation, when waves of alpha and theta rhythms cascade across the entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet. Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or aether field are transferred. The planet communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.

A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth.    Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information. Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  lifted and patented by the west as Schumann’s Resonance .  

Since life began, the Earth has been surrounding and protecting all living things with a natural frequency pulsation of 7.83 HZ—the ancient Indian Rishis called OM 11000 years ago.  7 to 12 HZ range is frequency range for relaxed consciousness  , psychic Stimulation , mind body integration , inner awareness , visualization and  whole brain thinking. 




The alpha wave state is a sign of deep relaxation WHEN AWAKE.  REM happens in the Alpha brainwave state while asleep.




Subconscious mind has a memory of more than 100 trillion images, all our experiences, emotions and feelings are stored as an image or a sound in a digitised manner .  Yet the brain accesses akashik records while in REM sleep – an unlimited cosmic memory.

Data that cannot be recalled are retained in the subconscious. A person may be unconscious of ever having been locked in a closet as a child, yet under hypnosis he may recall the experience vividly. During hypnosis –our conscious mind goes into a trance and suggestions are given directly to the subconscious mind, which cannot argue but accepts the suggestion at its face value.

We do self hypnosis unknowingly several times an a day while doing our day to day activities. This is how our body learns to relax otherwise we would die of stress at a very early age.

A hypnotist talks directly to the subconscious mind, without interference from reasoning. The subconscious mind is protective. Hypnotized people will accept suggestions that are acceptable, and reject suggestions that are not acceptable.  When a person is in deep hypnosis, he is not asleep. He or she is very much aware of all that is going on.

In actuality, in hypnosis, one’s senses become heightened and more acute. The subconscious has a perfect memory. Every thing you have experienced using your 5 senses is part of the permanent memory of the subconscious mind, which never sleeps The subconscious mind acts on old beliefs stored over a lifetime.

Many of those beliefs you may have accepted without thinking, and this is the reason why you must NOT allow rogues to throw grit into this perception system - our foreign funded Indian media does this daily— vulgar hour after hour mental onslaught --WILL ASARAM BE ARRESTED ? etc .
Or you may have absorbed them when you were too young to exercise choice.  Subconscious mind never sleeps even in a coma.

Every experience we have ever had is impressed somewhere in the electrochemical cells in our brain. The brain records every thing—every thing senses by our 5 senses—and it is imprinted in the brain cells for ever. 




Whenever something reactivates those cells ( holographic manner ) we get a mental picture duplicating the original experience.

The conscious mind has limited memory. The subconscious mind has unlimited memory.





To reduce the frequency of sleep paralysis do Surya Namaskar daily.

Punch into Google search-

SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Create a log of your sleep paralysis experience as soon as you get up. What date and time, what you saw , what you felt. Did you take alcohol, medication, or were you overly stressed.  
This can help the doctor check out of you have a sleep disorder called narcolepsy- which causes severe daytime sleepiness and an inability to stay alert for more than a few hours.

Even people without sleep paralysis  are more likely to remember the dream if they are awakened during the REM phase. The average person has about 3 to 5 dreams per night, but some may have up to 7 dreams in one night. The dreams tend to last longer as the night progresses. During a full 8-hour night sleep, two hours of it is spent dreaming. Dreams can have varying natures, such as frightening, exciting, magical, melancholic, adventurous, or sexual.

males have an erection and females have enlarged clitoris during REM sleep.  However this is NOT because of thoughts of sex, sorry.  No matter what a dream is about, REM sleep will cause an erection in a man who is not impotent.   Even newborn boys have a boner during REM sleep!   The reason why men sometimes wake up with a hop is simply because they were having a dream when they woke up.  

In females, nocturnal clitoral tumescence or NCT is accompanied by vaginal blood flow and transudation ( creaming or lubrication ).   So my dear gals take it easy, you are NOT so dirty minded,  as you thought you were, and kept it as a dark secret.  Just about 5% of your REM dreams were sexual. —

TEE HEEEE !!

People with sleep paralysis must sleep for at least eight hours of sleep every night. Alcohol reduces REM sleep, which aint good.

Some who experience OBEs claim to have willed themselves out of their bodies, while others report having found themselves being pulled from their bodies, usually following a feeling of sleep paralysis. OBEs are more likely to emerge after a longer session of sleep paralysis –say—more than 3 minutes..

OBEs feel different than the usual dream. They feel more real than real.  Sometimes, you may get scared, especially if you start floating off into the sky and have the traumatic thought, “What if I never come back?

REM stage has increased heart rate, raised blood pressure, a raging hard on  in males, and the body does not regulate its temperature. Most of the vivid dreams occur during REM sleep, once awaken at this stage a person can remember the dreams.  

Modern science still does NOT know the reason why we have REM sleep. REM sleep occupies a big portion of your life on this planet.  However they all know that lack of REM sleep can make you a dimwit with inability to do complex tasks.

A newborn baby spends almost 9 hours , or 50% of the day in REM sleep.  By the age of five or so, only slightly over two hours is spent in REM.   An adult reaches REM approximately every 90 minutes, with the latter half of sleep being more dominated by this stage.  Adults spend 20% in REM sleep.

Older adults spend progressively less time in REM sleep. Infants generally require about 16 hours a day, while teenagers need about 9 hours on average. For most adults, 7 to 8 hours a night appears to be the best amount of sleep, although some people may need as few as 5 hours .  When people do NOT get proper REM sleep ( like people with sleep apnea )  , hallucinations and mood swings may develop.

At least 95% of all dreams are not remembered. Certain brain chemicals necessary for converting short-term memories into long-term ones are suppressed during REM sleep. Unless a dream is particularly vivid and if one wakes during or immediately after it, the content of the dream is not remembered, unless you write it down immediately within a few seconds .

Horses , other herbivorous ungulates and Zebra can sleep while standing, but must necessarily lie down for REM sleep. Some aquatic mammals and some birds can sleep with one half of the brain while the other half is awake, so-called unihemispheric slow-wave sleep.  

REM sleep and the ability to dream seem to be embedded in the biology of many organisms that live on Earth. All mammals experience REM. Dolphins experience minimum REM.

Modern scientists must know that primarily REM is the brain's way of  ensuring that the consciousness can be “booted up”, in the absence of an external trigger. In the absence of external stimulus, the brain might stay in  deep sleep coma continuously until dehydration causes death.  Humans cannot go into hibernation.

Non REM sleep restores our body physiologically , as when the body is at reast more cell division and repair happens..

REM sleep restores us mentally.  REM sleep thus plays a huge role in learning and memory. During REM sleep, your brain consolidates and processes the information you’ve learned during the day.

It forms neural connections that strengthen memory, and replenishes its supply of neurotransmitters, including feel-good chemicals like serotonin and dopamine that boost your mood during the day.

Learned skills consolidate in the brain during the REM sleep. This is why after a brain storming session, the thoughts must be left to incubate till an REM sleep.  Major decisions are kept pending till then. 

REM sleep, is particularly important to the developing brain, possibly because it provides the neural stimulation that newborns need to form mature neural connections and for proper nervous system development. 

Deprivation of REM sleep early in life for new born babies can result in severe behavioral problems, permanent sleep disruption, decreased brain mass, and will result in an abnormal amount of neuronal cell death. 

That is why babies need a quiet environment while sleeping . REM sleep gives the brain a chance to exercise important neuronal connections that may otherwise deteriorate from lack of activity.

REM sleep provided endogenous stimulation to prevent the brain from being shut down too long.  REM sleep also acts as an escape valve for backing up painful information to EXTERNAL akashik records drive.   

During REM dreaming almost all neurons in all parts of the brain increase firing rate.  This firing rate is generally considered indicative of biologically significant information processing.  During REM sleep, the brain’s oxygen consumption increases , which reflects its energy consumption. 

Every time you get choked, and oxygen levels fall too low , the survival mechanism kicks in and your body automatically gets out of REM sleep to "DE- paralyse " your voluntary muscles, so that you may continue breathing and live another day .  

REM sleep is sometimes called paradoxical sleep, due to the contrast between the high brain activity and the physical immobility of the sleeper


Reduced REM sleep may contribute to weight problems in teenagers and children. In BIGG BOSS 7 I saw a morbidly obese film producer Rahul Rawail having sleep apnea and sleep paralysis. The doctors attached to the show should have pulled him out instead of allowing him to suffer.



The EEG pattern during REM sleep is similar to the EEG Beta pattern when people are awake. However, the muscle activity is very quiet during REM sleep.  This means that sleepwalkers are not in REM sleep, and are not acting out their dreams.


When our brains enter REM sleep they stop emitting neurotransmitter chemicals necessary for memory. That is why we cannot remember our dreams. Memories are stored NOT in the cells but in the overall pattern of electrical signals firing between cells.

Could our wonderful human body be just “evolution” like what our STUPID Freemason Charles Darwin said?  Or is it an intelligent creation?

Punch into Google search-
CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL .

HAARP CAN BE USED IN PSYCHOLOGICAL WARFARE BY DISRUPTING REM SLEEP.
HAARP, (High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Programme )  ELF waves vibrate at the same frequency as the human brain.  Scalar waves are ELF longitudinal waves and can penetrate anything.  Submarines communicate in this frequency.  ELF fields can change the characteristics of neurotransmitters and hormones.

HAARP ( High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program)  is slicing up the ionosphere, the world-brain, like a microwave knife, producing long tear incisions destroying the membrane which holds the reservoir of data accumulated by all earth's history—literally vandalsing the akashik records.

It is this technology Nikola Tesla denies Rothschild’s US agent JP Morgan. Rotthschild deleted his name from world history as retribution, though Nikola Tesla is the world’s No 1 inventor and genius. 



I started this blogsite to EXHUME Tesla  who invented AC electricity and lit up this planet –you can read my first post.



Punch into Google search-
THE SUPER GENIUS WITH OCCULT STATUS, THE TRUE MARTYR NIKOLA TESLA VADAKAYIL

Tesla is the ONLY true martry of this planet -- rest all all pretenders.

Grace and peace !




Invocations from 7000 year old Upanishads.

om saha nāvavatu
saha nau bhunaktu
saha vīryaṃ karavāvahai
tejasvināvadhītamastu mā vidviṣāvahai
oṃ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ

* THE ABOVE VERSE WAS THE END OF OUR SCHOOL PRAYER- HOW PROFOUND !

Om ! May He protect us both together; may He nourish us both together;
May we work conjointly with great energy,
May our study be vigorous and effective;
May we not mutually dispute (or may we not hate any).
Om ! Let there be Peace in me !
Let there be Peace in my environment !
Let there be Peace in the forces that act on me !

Gananam tva Ganapati gum Havamahe
Kavim Kavinam Upamasra vastamam
Jyestharajam Brahmanam Brahmanaspat aana
Srnvan nuti bhissi dasadanam
Om maha ganapataye namaha.

May we worship Ganapati, the Protector of Noble People
The best Poet, the Most Honourable,
The Greatest Ruler and the treasure of all knowledge

O Ganapati, please listen to us and take your seat in our heart.

oṃ śaṃ no mitraḥ śaṃ varuṇaḥ |
śaṃ no bhavatvaryamā |
śaṃ na indro brihaspatiḥ |
śaṃ no viṣṇururukramaḥ |
namo brahmaṇe |
namaste vāyo |
tvameva pratyakṣaṃ bhrahmāsi |
tvāmeva pratyakṣam brahma vadiṣyāmi |
ṝtaṃ vadiṣyāmi |
satyaṃ vadiṣyāmi |
tanmāmavatu |
tadvaktāramavatu |
avatu mām |
avatu vaktāram |
oṃ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ ||

Om May Mitra be blissful to us. May Varuna be blissful to us.
May Aryaman be blissful to us.
May Indra and Brihaspati be blissful to us.
May Vishnu, of long strides, be blissful to us.
Salutation to Brahman.
Salutation to you, O Vayu.
You, indeed, are the immediate Brahman. You alone I shall call the direct Brahman.
I shall call you righteousness. I shall call you truth. 
May He protect me.
May He protect the reciter (Reciter = the one who is currently reciting this mantra. Identifying oneself here as "reciter", and  not as "I", is a sign of self-realization, of transcending beyond self and ego being dissolved).
May He protect me.
May He protect the reciter.
Om, peace, peace, peace !

oṃ pūrṇamadaḥ pūrṇamidam pūrṇāt pūrṇamudacyate
pūrṇasya pūrṇamādāya pūrṇamevāvaśiṣyate
oṃ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ

Om ! That is infinite(Brahman), and this (universe) is infinite.
The infinite proceeds from the infinite.
(Then) taking the infinitude of the infinite (universe),
It remains as the infinite (Brahman) alone.

Om ! Peace ! Peace ! Peace !
********************************************************************
IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION , LGBT RIGHTS , NEW WORLD ORDER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GAYS PREYING ON MINORS, GAY LESBIAN DEPRAVITY , DESPERATE HASTE TO LEGALIZE HOMOSEXUALITY AND SAME SEX MARRIAGES ,  ROLE OF FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs IN DESTROYING INDIAN SOCIAL FABRIC - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I had gone to my friends place two days ago.  We were having a nice chat with the TV running on foreign funded Indian channel CNN-IBN, which was being watched by my friends daughter.

Suddenly our mental and physical midget Karan Thapar’s face pops up on screen.  

And this is what he said “ Gays express their love for each other with penile oral and penile anal sex. ( apparently this moron never heard of the word LUST )

Mt friends teen aged daughter suddenly got up red faced , put off the TV and went inside .  All of us were terribly embarrassed .

Who has allowed Karan Thapar to say this on national TV on prime time?

BELOW VIDEO:   WE IN INDIA SPIT ON THIS FOUL PROPAGANDA VIDEO -- IT WONT WORK !

 


Thapar was the creep who said that Lord Ayyappa ( the ninth avatar of Lord Vishnu ) is the offspring of a homosexual union between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu.

There is a immoral haste to denigrate Lord Ayyappa of Sabarimala , as it is the world’s No1 pilgrimage attracting the largest number of pilgrims on this planet.

What attracts the people?

It is a Quantum theory, known to Indian Maharishis in hoary antiquity-called QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT AND PURE AWARENESS.

The western world is NOT yet ready to understand these profound truths.  Magic happens in a span of 3 seconds.

Punch into Google search-

SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, THREE LIGHT FLASHES , VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT VADAKAYIL

Karan Thapar-- are there any other ways for gays to express love for each other?

Allow my imagination to run riot?  

Can they eat each other’s SHIT too to express their divine love for each other-- 

that is -- in addition to putting their dirty unwashed pricks with cold sores inside HIV and pin worm laden as$holes and ulcerated stinking mouths?

Folks,  it is getting to this type of decadence — for GOLDEN SHOWERS and BESTIALITY is now common among these perverts.

No child is born a homosexual.

Vulnerable children with warped DNA are first initiated at a young age by pedophiles, who grope and seduce them.  These are the ones who become full blown gays and lesbians later on in life.

Now let me digress by a joke – a true incident.

My senior was a young chief officer on a ship with a Swedish Captain. This man loved to talk dirty..

The 4th engineer was a corny Bihari .

They had a party on board –and it so transpired that my colleague coached this Bihari Engineer to ask the Captain a corny question.

So as per plan the 4th engineer asked the Swedish Captain – (after he had a few drinks).

“SIR WHAT IS GOLDEN SOWWERR”.

This Bihari would say SORE LEAVE instead of SHORE LEAVE -- or PROMOSSAN instead of PROMOTION.

The Captain did NOT understand.

So after he asked him to repeat the question thrice , my friend chipped in “ Sir, he is asking you a doubt about GOLDEN SHOWER”

And boy !— the Captain went off tangent describing how he took a golden shower from his neighbours 16 year old daughter and his wife too for good measure, back home in Sweden - at the same time in the bath tub .

He was so melodramatic , explaining the dirty little aspects with so much gusto , that all in the party were literally rolling on the floor in laughter.

More so because the Captain’s gorgeous blonde blue eyed wife who sailed on the previous voyage had run away with this same neighbor man .



Is this what we want in India?

Sorry, we will NOT allow such decadence in India.

Now watch this video about Karan Thapar , the BULLY and the new world order pushing stooge.




Above:  Madhu Trehan’s father media tycoon Vidya Vilas Purie was the owner of Thomson press.. In 1966, Roy Herbert Thomson, 1st Baron Thomson of Fleet bought The Times newspaper from members of the Astor family-- the opium agents of Rothschild..  Madhu trehan's husband ( Naresh Trehan ) rose fast because of  political connections -- he is the Indian Presidents PERSONAL SURGEON.


All we know is that his wife died at the age of 33 .

Nobody knows how she died—but I do know what happened from my sources in Istanbul.  

Let it be—I do have some human decency within me.  

But if he continues his immoral denigration of Hindu God Lord Ayyappa ( of the world's largest pilgrimage ) , — I shall hit him below the belt.

See this man will NOT denigrate Islam—for his severed head will be on the nearest pole.

Karan Thapar’s wife’s name was Maria Nisha Jeanne Alvares Menezes  She was a high flying investment banker in many of Rothschild’s concerns --

--like Morgan Guaranty Trust Company,  Merrill Lynch and later Director of NatWest Bank.

Karan Thapar’s own father was Gen Pran Nath Thapar who was forced to resign in disgrace after India lost the 1962 war with China.   The General was closely related to Prime Minister Nehru.



The foreign funded Indian media has been saying again and again that  80 million of our 1300 million population is gay.  Some LYING gay sites even put this figure as high as 1 in 4.

Here is the truth.

Only one in 1100 Indians is a gay.

In some white countries 1 in 7 is gay.  Every 7th person walking past on the street is gay. 

If the governments of these nations do NOT address this problem, there may be a revolution, which cannot be managed by distractions like Nero’s games of ancient Rome-  all these rock concerts , hyped up football matches etc.

We do NOT have this problem of gay plenty in India.  

Big Brother has introduced LGBT in every BIGG BOSS reality show trying to legitimize him or her or IT.



Sri Sri Ravishankar , has been coming on all foreign funded media and crying himself hoarse that Hinduism allows gay sex and Lord Ayyappa is the off spring of a homosexual union between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu. 

As per Dvaita Hindusim , Lord Shiva ( destroyer ) and Lord Vishnu ( mediator )  are intelligent force fields. 

Never mind that big brother sponsored writer Amish Tripati tried to convert Lord Shiva into a sex starved tribal mortal—a recent one that too.

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL.

Triple Sri Ravishankar must know that Lord Ayyappa is the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu. The white Christian invader made Buddha the 9th avatar, using their stooges like BR Ambedkar, EVR Periyar etc .

They even got stone sculptors to carve out the 10 avatars inserting Buddha as the 9th avatar as retro installation in our ancient temples.

It wont work. 

Buddha was a mere mortal of Gautama Gotra - who struggled for salvation .

Who is this Triple Sri Ravishankar who is adored by the NEW WORLD ORDER sponsoring BIG BROTHER ?

His SOO HUMM  “patented”  Sudarshan Kriya dupes the people by kicking in MARTINI EFFECT—NITROGEN NARCOSIS. 

WE KNOW THAT TRIPLE SRI RAVISHANKAR IS A BOARD MEMBER IN ISRAEL’S ELIJAH INTERFAITH INSTITUTE FOUNDED BY RABBI GOSHEN-GOTTSTEIN .


I HEREBY DECLARE THAT SRI SRI RAVISHANKAR IS NOT QUALIFIED TO BE A SPOKESMAN FOR HINDUSIM EVER AGAIN .  





No matter what he does or how much he atones — whatever ( how come at the age of  58 he has NO white hair  -- Hindu Gurus do NOT dye their hair )

TRIPLE SRI fellow has PATENTED this Sudharshan Kriya by trying to rehash Yogic pranayama exercises like Bhastrika and Kapalabhati.  

It is against the dharma of a Hindu guru to patent anything.  

The ancient maharishis had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth-- unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas and patent it in their names.   

The sages who gave them to us did not care to leave their names; the truths they set down in the Vedas and Upanishads were eternal, and the identity of those who arranged the words irrelevant.



Below video:  Check out his Triple Sri's lack of perception - is this India's "world Guru"?  



Two years ago Triple Sri Ravishankar fooled the students of IIT  Kanpur with some bullsh#t oil drops.

Triple Sri called for a volunteer to come up on stage for a “patented” magic oil surprise demonstration. 

One of the students from the back rows of the auditorium was chosen to share the dais. 

The chosen volunteer, a male student wearing a black t-shirt with horizontal white stripes, was asked to extend his arm parallel to the floor, clinch his fist and resist the pulling down of his arm.  

Triple Sri  gripping the volunteer’s arm near the wrist, was able to pull down his arm easily over and over again, much to the amusement  of the naïve audience.  

He then produced from his pocket a small vial containing some oil.

The volunteer was then asked to rub and spread this oil over his arm. After the volunteer took a step back and a deep breath to relax, the whole exercise was repeated again – except this time Triple Sri with his gargantuan paunch struggled quite hard to pull down the volunteer’s arm, amazing the vast audience.

The volunteer, visibly impressed and believing that he had in fact become stronger in a matter of seconds after the application of the oil, went onto fall at the feet (cultural practice of surrender) of the extraordinary messiah Triple Sri.



Following the thundering applause from his gullible audience, Mr. Ravishankar went on to urge stronger volunteers to come forth.

The next male volunteer also went on to fall at the feet of Mr. Ravishankar after his new found strength. 



The frenzy in the arena attracted a male "skeptic" from the audience to volunteer. 

He was visibly unimpressed by the arm pull down test and the claim of instantaneous improvement of strength and vigor following the application of a few drops of oil.  

The skeptic boldly asked for permission to perform the same test on his own test subject on the dais.

While the skeptic readied his subjects, Triple Sri changed his track and launched into a astounding theory for his precious oil.

He spAke  “one drop of poison can destroy the body. Can it not destroy? One drop of poison can destroy the immune system. No? HOOO ? No ? The reverse can also happen – one drop of nectar can also strengthen your body.”

The stupefied audience gaped in awe.

What happened afterwards was most hilarious .  The “test subjects” chosen by the “skeptic” gave testimonies to the audience that they felt “something different,” and the skeptic had to agree, on the microphone, that he was convinced of the power of the messiah and his great oil.

The gullible IIT Kanpur audience could NOT stop clapping. These are the same folks AAP’s Kumar Vishwas recites mindless non-veg Hindi poetry ( CHOO LAA  is this poetry, is he a poet  ? ) and gets these rustic North Indians in raptures.

Some Shakthi Drops, are sold for 25 Euros in 30ml vials on Art of Living’s EU website.

Triple Sri uses the reaction principle to trick all.  Push , relax a muscle and then pull.

Triple Sri’s oil which gives rocket boost in immunity and muscle strength is not even pseudo science – it is sheer fraud.

Below video: Check out the cerebral quality and CLASS of our IIT students -- even Sidhu will NOT laugh for this rustic nonsense .  Is this poetry ? .



In 2005, Prince Manvendra Singh Gohil, who hails from Rajpipla in the Gujarat, publicly came out as gay. He was quickly anointed by the Indian and the world media as the first openly gay royal. 

Big brother made sure he got on to The Oprah Winfrey Show on October 24, 2007.

It was Amartya Sen ( with a Rothschild wife ) who first took up cudgels against Section 377 of IPC code, demanding free sex for gays in Sept 2006..

Here is a copy of an open letter instigated by him , and supported by many moth eaten faces (supporting NOW )  you see of prime time of foreign funded Indian media.

Open Letters against Section 377
by
Amartya Sen, et al.

To the Government of India, Members of the Judiciary, and All Citizens,

To build a truly democratic and plural India, we must collectively fight against laws and policies that abuse human rights and limit fundamental freedoms.

This is why we, concerned Indian citizens and people of Indian origin, support the overturning of Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code, a colonial-era law dating to 1861, which punitively criminalizes romantic love and private, consensual sexual acts between adults of the same sex.

In independent India, as earlier, this archaic and brutal law has served no good purpose.  It has been used to systematically persecute, blackmail, arrest and terrorize sexual minorities.  

It has spawned public intolerance and abuse, forcing tens of millions of gay and bisexual men and women to live in fear and secrecy, at tragic cost to themselves and their families.  

It is especially disgraceful that Section 377 has on several recent occasions been used by homophobic officials to suppress the work of legitimate HIV-prevention groups, leaving gay and bisexual men in India even more defenceless against HIV infection.

Such human rights abuses would be cause for shame anywhere in the modern world, but they are especially so in India, which was founded on a vision of fundamental rights applying equally to all, without discrimination on any grounds.  



By presumptively treating as criminals those who love people of the same sex, Section 377 violates fundamental human rights, particularly the rights to equality and privacy that are enshrined in our Constitution as well as in the binding international laws that we have embraced, including the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights.

Let us always remember the indisputable truth expressed in the opening articles of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights that "All persons are born free and equal in dignity and rights. . . Everyone is entitled to all the rights and freedoms set forth in this declaration, without distinction of any kind."

We will move many steps closer to our goal of achieving a just, pluralistic and democratic society by the ending of Section 377, which is currently under challenge before the Delhi High Court.  

There should be no discrimination in India on the grounds of sexual orientation.  In the name of humanity and our Constitution, this cruel and discriminatory law should be struck down.

Sincerely,

Only some names are here -
Vikram Seth,  
Swami Agnivesh
Soli Sorabjee
MJ Akbar
Pooja Bedi 
Shyam Benegal
Prashant Bhushan
Nandita Das
John Dayal
Shobhaa De
Barkha Dutt
Amitav Ghosh
Sagarika Ghose
Indira Jaising
Girish Karnad
Ashish Nandy
Kuldip Nayar
Derek O'Brien
Dileep Padgaonkar
Aruna Roy
Arundhati Roy
Mallika Sarabhai
Rajdeep Sardesai
Vir Sanghvi
Aparna Sen,
Teesta Setalvad
Tarun Tejpal
Dolly Thakore 




All those who want to know who Amartya Sen is –

Punch into Google search-

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL



On 30 June 2008, Indian labour minister Oscar Fernandes backed calls for decriminalisation of consensual gay sex, and the Prime Minister immediately Manmohan Singh called for greater tolerance towards homosexuals.

Foreign funded Trojan Horse NGOs covertly ( with the support of the waitress ) organized Gay Pride Parades all over India.

On 29 June 2008, five Indian cities (Delhi, Bangalore, Kolkata, Indore and Pondicherry) celebrated gay pride parades. 

About 2,000 people turned out in these nationwide parades. Mumbai held its pride march on 16 August 2008, with Bollywood starlet Celina Jaitley whipping up frenzy as a Congress worker. 

Celina Jaitley ,an unknown starlet , joined the Congress in March 2004 , and we all wondered what is the big deal--what the main stream media blitzkieg is all about ..  

In April 2007 she said that Congress MP Rahul Gandhi was a born leader and his leadership would change the world for the better. TEE HEEEE !

Days after the 2 July 2009 Delhi High Court verdict legalizing homosexuality, Pink Pages, India's first online LGBT magazine was released. 

On 16 April 2009, India's first gay magazine Bombay Dost, was re-launched by Celina Jaitley in Mumbai.

Celina Jaitley was jumping up and down like an orangutan ,vociferously being a  proponent of abolition of Article 377 of Indian Penal Code (IPC), which criminalized homosexuality. 

The actress once stated that her first boyfriend was a closet homosexual who died of the usual homosexual problems becoming a bag of bones .
  


On 27 June 2009, Bhubaneswar, the capital city of the Odisha, saw its first gay pride parade. 

The same day, Union Law Minister Veerappa Moily announced that the Union Home Minister has convened a meeting with the Union Law Ministers, Union Health Ministers and Home Ministers of all states to evolve a consensus on decriminalising homosexuality in India. 



On 28 June 2009, Delhi and Bangalore held their second gay pride parades, and Chennai – generally considered to be a very conservative city – held its first.

Everything was stage managed as if all Indians were dying to give freedom for the LGBT community to start preying openly .

The Delhi High Court on July 2, 2009 decriminalised gay sex as provided in Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and had ruled that sex between two consenting adults in private would not be an offence.

Attendance at the pride parades has been increasing significantly since 2008, with an estimated participation of 13,500 people in Delhi and 1,500 people in Bangalore in 2010, and a similar attendance of over 3,000 in Mumbai in 2011.

Mumbai has one of its biggest pride events - Kashish Mumbai Queer Film Festival which was first held in 2010 in April and the next year from May 25–29, 2011.

It is the first queer film festival that is held in a mainstream multiplex theater and screens LGBT films from all over the world. It has been recognized by Interpride as a pride event in India.

Madurai celebrated city's first LGBTQ Rainbow festival on 29-07-2012, Anjali Gopalan inaugurated Alan Turing Rainbow festival and flag offed the Asia's first Gender queer pride. 

Kolkata Rainbow Pride festival held on 15 July 2012 was attended by more than 1500 people and many online forums like www.Jubwetalk.in, Desiboys sprouted on the internet to advertise availability of gay services.

THE SAME FACES , SOME EVEN USING THE  SAME MASKS WERE SEEN IN ALL THE GAY PARADES ALL OVER THE INDIAN CITIES.   

BIG MONEY WAS GIVEN TO TROJAN HORSE NGOs BY FOREIGN FORCES WHO WANTED TO ROPE INDIA INTO THE PERVERTED GAY BAND WAGON.   

THESE GAYS / LESBIANS TRAVELED FREE BY AIR AND WERE PUT UP IN HOTELS, WHERE THE FRONT DESK HAS A RECORD OF  WHO PAID THEIR BILLS.. 

But alas on 11 December 2013, the Supreme court reinstated section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) that criminalises sexual activities “against the order of nature”—sending the NWO sponsoring moth eaten faces who come on prime time on foreign funded Indian TV.



"If I were reincarnated, I would wish to be returned to Earth as a killer virus to lower human population levels" -Prince Phillip, - husband of Queen Elizabeth II.

“The ultimate aim is to create a one-world socialist system."-- Dan Smoot, a former member of the FBI Headquarters staff in Washington, D.C. ( This is about Jews and their Zionist stooges controlling the world while the rest work as worker drones )

“Progress and peace and justice are attainable. So we say to all peoples and governments: Let us fashion together a new world order"—Jew Henry Kissinger, in address before the General Assembly of the United Nations, October 1975

"Further global progress is now possible only through a quest for universal consensus in the movement towards a new world order."—Crypto Jew ( Kahn ) and Rothschild stooge Mikhail Gorbachev, in an address at the United Nations during December 1988

The NEW WORLD ORDER plan is to depopulate the planet's 6-7 billion people to a manageable level of between 500 million and 1 billion.

One of the plans is to control the food chain by forcing farmers to use STERILE GM seeds. Such terminator seeds will be controlled by BIG BROTHER . 



Free food like fish in rivers and the sea is being christened by PETA – as sea kittens , NOT to be harmed or eaten.

EVIL PHARMA controlled by big brother is doing their bit.

Artificial viruses are created in sinister labs.

Gender divide is being caused in India— so that people lose trust in the institution of marriage. A woman’s world is now MORE EQUAL than a man’s word in India ( example Justice AK Ganguly case)

Mineral rich African countries have constant genocide which is NOT reported by big brother controlled main steam media.

The LGBT movement ensure the procreative penis is immorally put in the wrong orifice , so that children are NOT produced in third world countries.  

The waitress talks about rape in India —HEY, ever heard of ROOT CAUSE?-  how about controlling pornography ?

The perpetrators of NWO  print government currency for the price of the paper and then lend it to the government with interest. By controlling money ,you control the people.

The Bilderberg INNER club calls the shots.

Punch into Google search-

THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL

The AADHAR card is part of the evolving NWO system.   

They now issue this on cheap long paper.  Once it is operational on a plastic card - you cannot buy/  sell, use ATM or banks, travel, communicate, cook,  stay in hotel,  get medical services, buy fuel etc without the card.   

Big Brother can SWITCH OFF YOUR LIFE by the flick of a button.  

You cannot even hide as your GPS position ( accurate to one metre ) will be known by means on an embedded chip, and will be in the hit list of the foreign funded Trojan Horse NGO mafia who wants your kidney .

Many unknown dead bodies found in deserted places in India have eyes , fingers , ears etc missing—what they do NOT report is that kidneys are also missing. 




Already this AADHAR type chip exists for the past 4 years in Indian mobile phones—and has been used to catch criminals like BUNTY CHOR.

Legitimization of sodomy movement is funded by BIG BROTHER,  as an alternative form of sexual expression.

Putting the penis into the wrong orifice is being touted as love.

They try to blur the lines between LOVE AND LUST.   

They forces who support the LGBT movement spends unlimited funds for promoted contraception, sterilization, abortion, population control, sex instruction for the young, divorce and "open" marriages, pornography, suicide, euthanasia, artificial reproduction, and government operated and medically supervised brothels.  

They gave awards to vulgar people after extracting the promise that these hyped up people will work hard to decry the injustices allegedly suffered by homosexuals on big brother remote controlled TV and media.

What had been traditionally viewed as a immoral vice to be suppressed by government became a virtue and a civil right to be protected and advanced by the State.

The LGBT revolution, like any revolution started at the top, with the wealthy and powerful. It is NOT some motley movement of perverted and disgruntled clientele of transvestites, homosexuals, and young male hustlers who frequented the red light areas like Sonagachi or Grant Road--  who were later joined by sympathetic tearful residents in a violent melee with local police.

Dr. Richard Day, a former Medical Director of Planned Parenthood-World Population and a Rothschild  protégée,  stated that in the future there would be "sex without reproduction" (aka contraception, sterilization, abortion) and "reproduction without sex" (in vitro fertilization, artificial insemination).  

Even the UNO and WHO has been hijacked.


The fountainhead of this LGBT movement's power and influence was not generated from within the movement itself, but from without —  from the powerful Ziionist foundations and other big brother remote controlled and funded entities that rule from behind the scenes.


With their great power , reach prestige and endless financial resources, these Big Brother remote controlled foundations can go where others fear to tread and pave the way for public acceptance of all forms of sexual deviancy, until the time is ripe for the NWO elite to take over and the particular deviancy in question is institutionalized as official public policy.

By statistics the largest sources of support for the LGBT agenda is Zionist controlled corporate America — Coke-Cola, Pepsi, Ford (Globe), General Motors, American Express, Best Buy, Lehman Brothers, Fannie Mae, Mellon Financial, Shell, Dell, Avon, Estee Lauder, Coors, General Electric, General Mills, Kraft, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Hyatt, State farm, Avis, Starbucks, Subway, Gameboy, Ikea, JC Penney, Sears, Sam's Club, Target, Wal-Mart (Pride), Weight Watchers, IBM, Intell, AT&T, and on and on.

WHY ARE THESE RICH CORPORATES SO FOND OF SODOMY ?

In the name of aid to Trojan Horse NGOs for AIDS programs (  the goose that laid the golden egg  ) millions of dollars of "health" funds has made their way into desh drohi LBGT rights organisations and atheist / rationalist NGOs.

AIDS has the added "benefit" of helping to reduce the "surplus population," in keeping with the New World Order's relentless campaign against the proliferation of people.  AIDS does NOT affect the flora and fauna ..  
Organised underworld crime mafia is involved in the GAY MOVEMENTS.  Organized Crime supplies drugs, pornography and young male prostitutes ( hijras  ) in Indian university towns.

Big brother funded NGO agencies are trained to induce total control over every aspect of human life — education, economics and finances, religion, entertainment, transportation, medicine, the arts, national defense, politics, medicine, science and technology, sports, law enforcement, agriculture and farming, and ultimately, who shall live and who shall die.

The two natural enemies of totalitarianism of any stripe — the family and religion needs to be broken wiped out. 

This is why you see GENDER DIVIDE in India today. Women are tempted to divorce so that they can grab the ancestral property of man.

The NWO stooges are foreign funded to undermine both marriage and family, as well as the natural law and traditional morality. The goal of the NWO is to create a generation of polymorphous perverts — narcissistic, isolated and rootless individuals who, being enslaved by their own unnatural passions, will not present any serious opposition to their new slave masters.

Homosexuals are notoriously unstable and unreliable.  

So, having served their purpose, when the time comes, rank-and-file homosexuals will be systematically eliminated as enemies of the state.  Elite "gays" within the NWO will be allowed to remain.

Big Brother has used Charles Darwin to propagate that there is NO god.  However with the internet age telling all and sundry about DNA, people now look upon Charles Darwin as a Freemasonic idiot ..

Today we can see that almost all LGBT activism is a puppet of Jewish Zionist lobbies and Freemasons.  

If you can be a LGBT activist with few supporters there is plenty of money to be made. 

Rothschild Communists like atheist Brinda Karat are supporting gays if if her life depends on it.

All this is actually a covert and immoral war against civilization. Religion is a natural obstacle to a New World Order.

The flood of Internet pornography stuns the masses, makes them bring out base  animal passions and thus more malleable.

Even dark dark sexuality like sadomasochism, is  honored as an expression of love.

If a celebrity or an corporate boss criticizes homosexuality, big brother tries his best to ensure that his career is over.

LGBT is a new slavery disguised as freedom.  Gay Pride Parades are a grotesque masquerade with paid perverts trying to show that great  romance and true love is involved in penile anal intercourse. 

Love is now being substituted for base lust.

Uprooting family values and spiritual decay is the aim of the NWO.

Gays are being encouraged to identify with a "sexual orientation" and not a country, a culture ... 

We can now see that Indian Muslims and Christians are more proud of foreign lands of Saudi Arabia, Italy, Portugal etc rather than India. Check out the contents of the evangelist TV channels. 

The concept of desh bhakti towards the motherland is eroded.

There is deliberate destruction of natural landmarks and boundaries between Feminine and Masculine. 

We can see celebrity males talking about doing Karva Chaut for their wives, making bed tea for them and washing their clothes, and boasting about it on prime time TV . 

In India the female world is more equal than a man’s word. 

Thousands of years of peace and tranquility and respect is now a thing of the past in Indian homes.  TV channels like MTV show tomboy females abusing males in the most vulgar language.

The Illuminati promotion of 'all things gay' serves a much deeper and sinister role than most people suspect. 

Weird looking and behaving gays are made to look as if they are the salt –nay-- bounty of this planet.



Americans social media says that two Jewish groups in particular, The Anti-Defamation League ( ADL ), together with the American Federation of Teachers, have been promoting the homosexual agenda in US public schools.

Weird books like Daddy’s New Roommate, Daddy’s Wedding, (Daddy marries Ken), King and King, are part of the ADL’s early learning program, molding the minds of impressionable little children to accept and embrace deviant and vulgar sexual acts.  

All this despite knowing that in USA the average homosexual dies at the age of less than 45, due to various diseases like AIDS. This is what happens when you go against the laws of nature.

On ships Big Brother has introduced the new pillar called MLC 2006 ( Maritime Labour Commission ) with a compulsory chapter in the manual about gay sex.  

Oral sex, anal sex is all covered.   

I told the Norwegian auditor to FU#K OFF ,  when he asked about safe analingus — QUOTE use of shrink wrap plastic for using the tongue, so that pin worms and sh#t don’t come on the tongue from the as$hole.  The safe us of “ dental dam”  for oral sex  for rimming (licking the anus). How to discreetly inspect your partner’s as$hole for ulcers and lesions   UNQUOTE

 BLAH BLAH BLAH .


There are hush hush talks that female hormone vaccines are being introduced to convert straight males into homosexuals.

AAHA—I can see some of my readers saying that this is NOT possible.

Let me tell you , I knew how to do this atleast 10 years ago.

I can board a crowded AC train,  spray some chemicals into the AC duct and within 30 minutes have all males groping each other – with some drooling on their knees.

I will NOT reveal this GAY INDUCTION spray potion —but let me give a WEE hint to the skeptics.

The main ingredient of this spray will be oxytocin, with two other hormones . I shall NOT reveal the other two.

However I will talk of some other hormones which induce LOVE and LUST later on in this post.  I will explain what exactly is LOVE and what exactly is LUST ( experienced by gays )

Big Brother promotes gay sexuality , so that a vulnerable child may grow up and think it normal to be gay and be gay out of FREE CHOICE.  This coupled with various other environmental factors can turn one gay.

Already , once vibrant western nations and cultures have been debauched and debased and their peoples have been made objects of a carefully orchestrated Agenda of Evil whose aim is to make them decadent.

There is intense brainwashing even in schools that  homosexuality was not only natural but noble and a preferable way of life,  one of many exciting items on a menu of "life-choices."

Big Brother got the American Psychiatric Association (APA) to remove their censure of homosexuality. So today a compromised  APA to says that same sex was 'not a disorder' but merely "a condition" –as neutral as left-handedness.  They tout this as a medical decision, NOT as a decision they were arm twisted into making.

The homosexual zealots and their funded supporters have mounted an assault on freedom of conscience, free speech and free and independent thought. This very post will be considered as an attack on a MINORITY COMMUNITY . 

This is taking the hue of SIX MILLION JEWS KILLED BY HITLER – you can go to jail for this.  

I will be portrayed as a 'bigot' , and condemned , for telling that putting a prick into an as$hole is perversion -- while the moth eaten faced lobbied up creeps who support gays will be portrayed as “ noble world citizens “.  

Big Brother remote controlled media have already converted famous historical figures into homosexuals—fake propaganda.  The main reason for this is simple: it associates homosexuals with positive images (i.e. "positive" symbols and role models) just like how advertisers use celebrity endorsements, and use catch phrases like FREEDOM , FREE WILL etc.  

To gain falthu sympathy there is even a guided tour of Nazi concentration camps where homosexuals were tortured and gassed—a big LIE.

Young journalists who enter their trade with romantic notions are quickly arm twisted to support gays or face the pink slip.  Journalists with courage of their convictions and noble conscience are defamed and  ostracised, some lose their careers and others their lives to road accidents or drownings.

The mass media, Jew controlled Hollywood and academia have successfully fabricated a "gay culture" with all its attendant illusions by bombarding and assaulting the the moral senses of the majority with a steady stream of filth, deceits and lies.  

On Big Brother monopolized television and in the movies, homosexuals are portrayed as sterling characters that conduct themselves with dignity, wit and aplomb.



The homosexuals in movies are are portrayed as attractive, smart , compassionate and with abundant sense of humor. They are ZE friends in need.  They are the first to risk their lives in coming to the aid of people in danger . They will give succor and precious high IQ advice, that brings the main hero back from the brink of personal destruction.

Sample reactions to the Supreme court ruling:-

Aamir Khan – “I am most disappointed with this judgement. It feels very intolerant and violative of basic human rights. It's a shame,"

Karan Johar -  “For all those who think that this judgement gives them a right to talk about their self appointed machoism...GET A LIFE!!!”

Farhan Akhtar --“ The Supreme Court got it wrong today. #Sec377.”

Vikram Seth – “a great day for prejudice and inhumanity and a bad day for law and love."

 Shabana Azmi: “ Shocking judgement! Upholding 377 is violative of human rights n anti democratic. SC says Parliament shud scrap 377- it MUST. Criminal? How? “

 Chetan Bhagat: “What?! Consensual gay sex ruled illegal in 2014? Shows you how badly India needs new young leaders with a modern outlook”

Kalki Koechlin: “Supreme Court's job is to uphold the right and freedom of every individual, not to decide what is culturally acceptable or not. In this case they failed”

Rahul Bose: “So much for those believing the judiciary is 'the last bastion of common sense' in this country”

Celina Jaitley: “I cannot believe Supreme Court's decision. I have been in shock since it came. Such a contradiction of democracy”

SNIFF !




Catholic bishops have made using children as sex toys acceptable. Pope Francis was given an award by gay rights magazine The Advocate..



Philanthropoids of the Rockefeller Foundation had initially funded the pro-homosexual and pro-pedophile research of sexual deviant, Alfred C. Kinsey, at the University of Indiana from 1941 to 1949 to the tune of USD 414,000.



When Fred Henry, the Roman Catholic bishop of Calgary, Alberta, sent a letter to churches explaining traditional Catholic teaching on marriage, he was “charged with a human-rights violation” .

In my Karva Chauth post comments I was viciously attacked by wannabe gora gaand PICKLE JOHNS and CHUTNEY MARYS and the MOTH EATEN NEW WORLD ORDER STOOGES WHO CRAVE FOR WESTERN EMBASSY COCKTAIL PARTY INVITES and FOREIGN FUNDED RABBLE ROUSING NGOs WITH A COVERT AGENDA TO DESTROY INDIAN FAMILY VALUES.

In 3 decades flat , many women have lost touch with their natural loving instincts thanks to Rothschild controlled media.  

Consequently, the family ( fountainhead of happiness ) is in total disarray, sexual depravity is rampant,  birth rates have plummeted and divorce rates have spiked .  

For a mother and a woman, love is an instinctive act of self-sacrifice. She gives herself in gratitude to her to her husband and children and is fulfilled by seeing them thrive and receiving their love, respect and gratitude.  

A woman makes this supreme sacrifice to only one man who will cherish her and provide for his family.  Men instinctively want to fulfill this divine responsibility. They instinctively protect their women and will even sacrifice their lives in this process, the way it is programmed in his DNA.

This is the essence of the heterosexual contract (i.e. marriage) since time immemorial- female power in exchange for male power expressed as love.  Sex is the symbol of this exclusive divine bond meant to procreate rather than for pleasure. Orgasm from LOVE ( and not LUST ) electrically charges healthy sperm.  
Marriage and family may not be for everyone but it is the natural path for most.  Vulgar feminism and women’s lib programmed kick started by BIG BROTHER has trained women to reject this model as "an old fashioned, oppressive stereotype" even though it reflects their natural instincts. 

Love and marriage have been "discredited," by the new world order sponsoring media. Women have nothing left to exchange for love but sex. Thus, many are unnaturally obsessed with appearance , putting plastic inside their bodies and pathetically give their bodies to all and sundry.  

Permanent love is not based on a woman's sex appeal, or personality or achievements. Ultimately, it is based on self-sacrifice. We love the people who love us. 

You can marry the most beautiful woman on the planet, but after 6 months she can be nude and she will NOT give you a raging hard on any more. Even if the marriage was initially based on LUST, a new process called LOVE has now overshadowed hormone release.  

Feminism is mass indoctrination because they cannot identify the perpetrator, the means or the motive. Have your senses NOT been assaulted by the GENDER DIVIDE being done by the foreign funded Indian media?  
The hidden agenda of women’s lib is to destroy the family, which interferes with state brainwashing of the young. 

My sons who has been mothered and brought up the ideal way, will never ever fall prey to big brother’s schemes. A man’s greatest sorrow is to watch his own son wasting away in decadence. 

Displacing men in the traditional role of  providers  destabilizes the family.  To protect their monopoly of credit and wealth, the Rothschild agents are instituting a world police state ("world government") using the bogus 9-11 attack and endless war they trigger and as a pretext. 

Today an atheist Indian Communist by the name of Brinda Karat has accused desh bhakt Baba Ramdev of mixing human body parts in his organic life saving medicines--for this is the agenda of Zionist evil Pharma. 

She does NOT even know that Rothschild created communism and that Karl Marx and Lenin are Jews—and that the founder of Indian Communism MN Roy had a Jewish honeypot wife—Evelyn Trent..

Punch into Google search-

CHINESE REVOLUTION THE BIGGEST GENOCIDE ON PLANET EARTH , COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS  VADAKAYIL

It will take  half a day to read the above post-  but you MUST read it.

Freemasonry had a stooge by the name of Charles Darwin to eliminate god. Big Brother teaches via his media and apparatus that man and not God determines reality.  

They have tried their best to do forgery and created “missing links” between monkey and man— using bone saws and crazy glue.

Punch into Google search-
CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL

The new world order generals are tripping over each other to please their boss by over ruling  cosmic, universal , natural and spiritual laws in order to assert their own control .

Rationalists like Joshua Project 2 funded Dr Dhabolkar have been ridiculing Hinduism as a superstitious religion.  He fails to explain why the entire clan of Nuclear and Quantum scientists threw away their bibles and Talmud and started reading Bhagawat Gita and why they left wills to CREMATE their bodies after death.

Why is the white Christian population in the West leaving wills to cremate their bodies today?  Are they all fools?

Punch into Google search.
RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

If you read the desh drohi newspaper TIMES OF INDIA-  every day there is a brainwashing post on SEX and LUST mostly brainwashing women.  All this has NOTHING to do with the Indian social fabric.

Women are exhorted that self-fulfillment lies in career success and not husband and family.  "The social rewards of holding down a job are critical to one's sense of dignity and self worth”.

Two days ago Hritik Roshan’s wife was gleefully telling in every TV channel that her passion is in her work and NOT in serving her husband and kids.  You should have seen her face, standing with two Chutney Marys’ in front of some weird clothes hanging on a clothesline.  

Many women in India have become  schizophrenic as they attempt to reconcile their natural motherly instincts with constant exhortations to do the opposite.  

Zionist owned sex magazines constantly tell men—you don’t need to own a cow to drink milk You don't need to get married to have sex. Marriage and children are a bore and a chore. 

In most foreign funded Indian TV channels a woman anchor will lose her job is she wears sindoor, bindi or a mangalsutra. 

Punch into Google search-

SINDOOR, VERMILION , THE HINDU WOMAN'S MARK OF DHARMA AND GRATITUDE VADAKAYIL

God's love can be seen in a woman's dedication to her husband and children. I would like all my readers to stop reading and reminisce the love your mother gave you.  

Bachelors – ensure that you marry a woman who can take care of you and your children. This is more important than good looks. 

Do you want to see new standards of good looks? Wanna marry a woman like this, who will give you ten times BJ daily and do analingus for you ( provided you reciprocate ) —but will NOT care for your children and will refuse to produce one, as it cramps her style?



There is nothing more beautiful and satisfying than a relationship of pure love and desire between a man and a woman.

Stop press:

THIS IS THE FIRST TIME I AM ASKING MY READERS FOR A FAVOUR.  

AFTER I COMPLETE THIS POST I WANT YOU TO SPREAD THIS AROUND—AND REPORT BACK TO ME VIA THE COMMENTS COLUMN, HOW YOU DID IT.   

IT IS IN OUR POWER TO STOP THIS NONSENSE AND KICK START THE SLOW PAINFUL PROCESS OF RECOVERY. 

WE ARE THE CITIZENS OF THE WORLD.

WE DO NOT NEED A BIG BROTHER WHO CONTROLS INFORMATION AND LEADS YOU ON THE PATH OF SELF DESTRUCTION BY YOUR NOSTRILS.

RIGHT NOW THIS POST IS NOT EVEN 50% COMPLETE.

Do NOT allow big brother to bringing Indian men and women 'head-to-head' in an artificially created conflict, to create a synthesis of the two 'gender roles'.  

Expose these foreign funded New World Order stooges and these soulless MOTH EATEN FACES who come on prime time on TV

A dialectical process is always controlled unseen forces funded and remore controlled by an EVIL elite group interested in power for its own sake.  

As soon as I wrote my Karva Chauth post , why is it that within 24 hours nearly half a lakh Indian downloaded it and many attacked me?  This happens my mass SMS and EMAILS .  

I have already found out the moth eaten kingpins behind this.  

Let them try sending a pigeons next time-- while the going is good .

Social groups rarely come together for revolutionary purposes of their own accord, but must be manipulated into doing so by a power elite.  

All these spontaneous CANDLE LIGHT BHIJILS -- nay – VIGILS are made to happen by foreign funded NGOs, NWO generals ( wolves in sheep’-- clothing ) and their stooges.

Indian security agencies know the Multinational Corporates ( MC really )  involves in all this .  We also know the Zionist foreigners who come to India for – RABBLE ROUSING TOURISM.

Let my readers  be aware and shun all these Satanic programmings:  Democracy with party whips ( our waitress – nay-  QUEEN BEE does this ) , feminism,  homosexuality,  liberalism,  conservatism,  communism,  neo-capitalism ( mostly in mineral rich Africa ) ,  Zionism, Nero’s games, reality TV shows ( in a house like BIGG BOSS full of weirdos ), Pop culture, Mysticism, Freemasonry, Polytheism, Fascism, Atheism, Satanism etc.

In the late 1960s, the NWO introduced feminism it was like lobbing a grenade into every home. The divorce rate skyrocketed.  Most feminists today argue that feminism was a natural out-growth of the medical advances in birth control, but their arguments do not explain why feminism became such a media darling or why the NWO gave it so much free advertising.
Wanna know the divorce rates on this planet?  Wanna know why the West is jealous of the happiness and tranquility of Indian homes?


Country  /         %  Divorce   
Albania /                     19      
Armenia/                     17      
Australia/                    48      
Austria/                       47      
Azerbaijan/                  12      
Bahamas/                     5        
Belarus            /           45      
Belgium/                      71      
Bermuda/                     25      
Bosnia & Herz/             8        
Brazil/                         24      
Bulgaria/                      47       
Canada/                       49   
Chile/                           3        
China/                         22      
Colombia/                    9        
Costa Rica/                  47      
Croatia/                       25      
Cuba/                          53      
Cyprus/                       28      
Czech Republic/           66      
Denmark/                    49      
Dominican Rep/           41      
Ecuador/                     20      
Egypt   /                     17       
El Salvador/                23      
Estonia /                     58      
European Union/          47      
Finland    /                   47      
 France            /           55      
 Georgia/                     19      
 Germany/                   49      
 Gibraltar/                    49      
 Grenada/                    22      
 Greece              /        25      
 Guatemala/                 5        
 Hungary/                    67      
 Iceland           /           37      
 India/                         0.08               
 Iran/                           14      
 Ireland/                       15      
 Israel/                         30      
 Italy    /                      27      
 Jamaica/                      9        
 Japan  /                      36      
 Jordan  /                     25      
 Kazakhstan/               27      
 Kuwait           /           42      
 Kyrgyzstan/                16      
 Latvia /                      52      
 Lebanon/                    17      
 Libya /                        5        
 Liechtenstein  /           48      
 Lithuania/                   53      
 Luxembourg   /           62      
 Mauritius/                   17      
 Mexico  /                    15                 
 Moldova/                    42      
 Mongolia/                   32      
 Montenegro    /           14      
 Netherlands/               46      
 New Zealand /            45      
 Nicaragua/                  17      
 Norway/                     46      
 Panama/                     27      
 Poland            /           28      
 Portugal/                     69      
 Qatar  /                       29      
 Rep of Macedonia/      11       
 Romania         /           28      
 Russia /                      51      
 Saudi Arabia/              20      
 Serbia /                       22      
 Singapore/                   28      
 Slovakia/                    47      
 Slovenia/                    38      
 South Africa/              17      
 South Korea/              35      
 Spain  /                      62      
 Sri Lanka                   0.19                
 Suriname/                   31      
 Sweden/                     49      
 Switzerland/                52      
 Syria   /                      9        
 Tajikistan/                   6        
 Thailand/                    25      
 Trinidad nTobago/      35      
 Turkey   /                   20      
 Ukraine/                     42      
 United Kingdom/         51      
 United States /            56 
 Uzbekistan  /              8        
 Venezuela/                 27      
 Vietnam/                    4         

The foreign funded Indian media is engaged in endless propaganda to divide India by gender.   Today your wife can divorce you for marital rape ( claim she was raped 10 years ago or forced to do oral/ anal sex ) ,  and grab your ancestral property,  thanks to the Catholic waitress.  

See if LGBT do anal/ oral it is fantastic and FREE CHOICE of expressing LOBE- nay- LOVE .  

If you and me do it we must be punished for being indecent,  right?

WRONG !  

WE WONT ALLOW THIS NONSENSE !!.

What are all these CANNED LAUGHTER western TV serials .  

Have you seen these serials where for CHEAP laughs , the wife insults the husband, the 12 year old daughter is sarcastic to her father and the 16 year old son ridicules  his mother?



We have graduated to Indian versions. Have you seen cricketer Sidhu laughing like a donkey who has seen fresh sh#t— to the mindless jokes of Kapil Sharma , who thinks he is damn funny.




Kapil Sharma was given the desh drohi CNN IBN award .

It was NOT lost on anybody that he has been ridiculing Indian society , culture and Hinduism is the name of comedy. 

So this man tweets-

By Kapil .......QUOTE i m a hindu.belong to a brahmin family,i have a lot of respect of all the religions in my heart.but some unauthorized people r spreading some rumours tht i hv insulted hindu saints thru my acts..its my request to them pls watch carefully dat act n then give ur reaction.if i am playing a character of a terrorist.it does'nt mean that i m a terrorist.  i was playing a fake saint in dat act...i m here for making people laugh...not for hurt them..i m a artist.. i respect all religions.. i love my country...some people r sending me stupid msgs like u r a agent of Pakistan..u r not a true hindu.. i m really very disappointed from those people.. may god bless them wid nice thoughts: UNQUOTE 
........Appeal by Kapil Sharma.

HEY KAPIL SHARMA, HOW ABOUT DARING TO INSULT ISLAM – AND SEE HOW YOUR HEAD IS SEVERED WITHIN A WEEK. OR INSULTING SIKHISM AND CHECK OUT HOW SIDHU , WHO USUALLY LAUGHS LIKE A JACK ASS , BASHES YOU UP ON THE SETS ITSELF IN FRONT OF ALL.

The pornographic revolution in the 1960s was supported by the U.S. Supreme Court, lobbied by Zionists. The 1st Amendment was originally meant to cover only political speech, but the court ruled that it protected depravity and sexual smut too.

China has wisely NOT allowed perverted Internet pornography to invade young minds.

Is it by chance that Muslim sugar daddy and NWO stooge Mahesh Bhatt went on the sets of BIGG BOSS and made a porn star Sunny Leone ( with a Jewish husband ) an Indian icon?

Punch into Google search-

STOP THIS BIGG BOSS 5 NONSENSE  PORN STAR SUNNY LEONE AND HER SUGAR DADDY VADAKAYIL

Below: is it by chance that the Shetty female next to Mahesh Bhatt is flashing her HITLER  , when in front of a camera ?



Honey Singh is being touted as India’s number 1 singer.  He has  begun to produce music for Bollywood films.  He has been paid the highest fee ever for a Bollywood song , -- more than 72 lakhs.

Hear the song and understand why he got so many awards—example?

BritAsia Best International Act 2012
UK Asian Music Awards Best International Album 2012
MTV VMAI Awards- BEST ARTIST(male) 2013 

Below: Children less than 18 and women are NOT allowed to listen to this video .



Feminism is merely a big brother created cancer that serves to systematically denigrade both men and women at the same time, hence weakening the moral fibre of the human race.  

Its advocates are sanctimonious charlatans who have grown rich and powerful from it. They include a whole class of liars and moral cripples who work for the elite in various capacities: government, education and the media.  

These imposters ought to be exposed and ridiculed. Have you seen our LORD  FU#KLAND – nay – MEGHNATH DESAI who always lisps the lines of big brother? Why is this man the darling of the Indian TV ?  How does he pop up on prime time like a bad penny.  

Why has this atheist and gay activist been awarded the Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian of India. What is the catch?  His first wife was Gail Wilson a Brit.

Below: Kingpins of Indian gay activism--Amartya Sen and Lord Fu#kland--nay- Meghnad Desai..



Have you seen when a ship sinks, the women are the first to elbow their way into the life boats—weeping and whimpering. They wont even change their car tyre in case of a puncture— they expect the next man walking along to change it.


I DO NOT WANT MY READERS TO DOUBT ME WHEN I SAY THAT A MASSIVE POPULATION REDUCTION CAMPAIGN IS NOW FIRMLY IN PLACE.

Punch into Google search-
THE WORST JOURNALIST VADAKAYIL

By the way the NOW pushing Big Brother has already lined up two slave supreme court judges to reverse the Supreme Court ruling on IPC section 377.

I know that these judges will read this post.

Let me appeal to them.

Gay sex is NOT based on LOVE—it is based on LUST .

GAYS MUST HAVE MULTIPLE PARTNERS , THIS IS A PSYCHOLOGICAL THING AND HENCE THEY NEED TO PREY .



IT IS EASY FOR THE GAYS TO SEDUCE THE SAME SEX IN THE AGES OF 11 TO 15-- AND THEY DO THIS IN CROWDED PUBLIC TRANSPORT .

WE WILL NOT ALLOW INDIA TO BE DECADENT LIKE THE WEST, WHERE ONE IN SEVEN ARE LGBT .



The reason why India has only 1.1 million LBGT in a population of 1300 million is because we had  CIRCUMIN (TURMERIC ) in our daily curry and parental love which prevented warped DNA.

India produces nearly the whole world’s crop of turmeric . That Indians have the lowest rates of Alzheimer’s in the world is attributed to the wide use of turmeric ( circumin )with every meal.  



Turmeric is anti-mutagenic due to its ability to inhibit topoisomerase enzymes that control the changes in DNA structure.




Warped DNA is what causes white girls to have menses at the age of 9 —  the great grandmothers of these same girls had got first periods at the age of 14.



Rothschild controlled Time placed foreign funded Trojan Horse NGOS owner 57 year old unmarried woman Anjali Gopalan in its list of the 100 most influential people in the world, as she is the kingpin of LBGT activism in India.  



In 25 October 2013 Anjali Gopalan ( Sikh mother and Tamil father ) was awarded Rothschild remote controlled Chevalier de la Legion d'Honneur `Knight in the order of the legions of Honor' which is the highest award from the France.

The notorious homosexual Ashok Row Kavi needs no introduction. He was sponsored with a scholarship  at the International School of Journalism, Berlin, Germany. In 1990, he received funds and founded Bombay Dost, India's first gay magazine.

Below: Ashok Row Kavi with Celina jaitely launching a magazine for homosexuals.



Below: Lesbian and LGBT activist and Big Brother sponsored icon Lady Gaga -- is this what we want ?





Above: Is this what we want?




Above :  Amul churning out toxic A1 milk of humpless cows, is the reason why so Indians spend their lives savings in hospitals.


To shove or NOT to shove?
To insert into as$hole or the mouth ?
To drink pee or to eat sh#t ?
TO LOVE OR TO LUST?




Here is a comment I received from a woman reader -




seema kapoorDecember 26, 2013 at 2:11 AM
Hello capt.

Hi IHT
Nice message, but as you are talking about LGBT & ancient Indian culture, I would like to direct your attention towards Khajuraho temples built by Aryan kings of Chandravansh dynasty, The temples are full of erotic sculptures of wild Sex & group orgies(this is just the begining) The most shocking ones are the sculptures showing intercourse between Men & Men(gay) Women & women(lesbian) & even between Humans & animals, is that Indian culture you are talking about?? The so called ancient Bhartiya sabhyata?? we all need to re think about what ancient Indians really stood for!!

And capt. So now would you also say that your ancestors were perverts with warped DNA! Are these really filthy western values creeping in or we are seeing the mirror of ancient Indians!!
Delete
####################
HULLO ! SEEMA-- YOU WERE SO MUCH OVERCOME WITH LUST THAT YOU FORGOT TO SEE THE WHOLE THING- SO I GUESS YOU MUST GO AND LOOK AGAIN.

ALL THESE PERVERSIONS HAD DEATH PENALTY-- IT WAS NOT ABOUT CONDONING IT.



THE WHITE INVADER HAS CONVENIENTLY KNOCKED OUT MOST OF THE SCULPTURES WHICH DEPICT PUNISHMENT FOR PERVERSION.  

HERE IS A PERVERT LOSING HIS HEAD TO A SWORD. SEE ANOTHER MAN COVERING HIS FACE IN DISGUST .

The white Christian man had even CREATED sculptures and paintings and injected them into ancient temples after aging them for carbon dating.  

Example?

Lord Buddha can be seen as the 9th avatar of Vishnu?

Then why was this Buddha man --nay-- god-- of Gautama Gotra struggling for fu#kin' salvation?



TRIPLE SRI RAVISHANKAR HAS DENIGRATED THE 9TH AVATAR OF VISHNU -LORD AYYAPPA , TO BE THE OFFSRING OF A HOMOSEXUAL UNION BETWEEN LORD SHIVA AND LORD VISHNU--  JUST BECAUSE THE PILGRIMS CHANT HARIHARASUDANE SHARANAMAYAPPA.

THIS DOES NOT MEANS SON OF SHIVA AND VISHNU -- THIS MEANS WORSHIPPED BY BOTH VAISHNAVITES ( HARI ) AND SHAIVITES ( HARA ). 

WHY DO YOU THINK SABARIMALA ATTRACTS THE LARGEST NUMBER OF PILGRIMS ON THIS PLANET? -- 58 MILLION IN 2013?  ARE THE PILGRIMS STUPID?  

ALL THESE PILGRIMS ARE VERY VERY ANGRY WITH TRIPLE SRI , AND I WOULD SUGGEST HE PROTECT HIMSELF WITH EXTRA SECURITY.

AS FOR YOU SEEMA , I SUGGEST YOU KEEP QUIET FOR SOMETIME , LEST I SPAM YOU -- I AM PISSED OFF WITH YOU !!



None of these moth eaten faces who are rooting for gay rights, have ever experienced TRUE love. They do NOT even know the difference between love and lust.

Today I shall launch into  an explanation, in a way nobody else on this planet can tell you.

Some of you would have been struck by the quintessential  Cupid’s arrow,  but very few graduated from this experience to learn if what they have found is love or lust.  Men have fought great wars over lust,  but they all come back home for love.  



This love is the most ennobling of human emotions — transcendental, exalted and capable of engendering emotional states that can make the male of the species want "to be a better man.".



Well well , what do these moth eaten faces know?   

Love is one of life’s most intense emotions, and when you are in lust it’s easy to think you are feeling love but the two are absolutely different.


Let me start of by explaining LUST.

Lust is just temporary commitment  that last only long enough to fulfill the base desire.  After a gay pervert has ejaculated on the same gender in a crowded bus,  the first thing he tries to do is to escape at the next bus stop.

For lust is only interested is self pleasure as it is basically sexual greed -- far away from romantic love.

Below: YUCK PTHEEOOOY ! FEE FOO FUM   --I SMELL FRESH SH#T.



Lust is physical chemistry over a short period of time.  It is filled with desire, passion, acquisitiveness and intense animal emotions. 




Digression:


Brokeback mountain, a movie about homosexuality has won umpteen awards and the main steam media went to town praising the movie. 

Gay Director, Ang Lee's movie "Brokeback Mountain" (2006) was part of this subversive campaign to mainstream homosexuality. Our own Karan Johar is trying his best to do this. 

Effective propaganda mixes truth with deception. The deception lies in the movie's assumption that it is normal and natural for men to indulge in homosexual behavior. 

"I ain't queer," one says. "Me neither," the other replies. Then they jump into the sack together. The implication is that all men are in denial. In reality, healthy men and women naturally find homosexual sex repugnant – nay—PTHEEOOY !  

No matter how much the media disguises it, most gays want gross perverted sex not marriage.  

Heterosexuality is much more than opposite-sex attraction. It's about monogamy (marriage) reproduction and child-rearing. This is how  most of us develop and fulfill ourselves. Obviously, this natural process is also essential for societal health. 


Many good looking women become ambitious and waste their most fertile years competing with men.  In India at least once they are over the age of 30, nobody wants to marry them. The media encourages them to be sluts, and experiment with lesbianism.

Homosexuality is a developmental disorder resulting in failure to permanently bond with a member of the opposite sex. This has become a common social affliction as divorce rates soar and marriage and birth rates plummet.

Homosexuals why marry view adopted children are viewed as a nuisance rather than as an extension of themselves and a source of infinite love and joy. 


When a man hugs his own son, he is breathing in his own blood and genes --and feels ecstatic.  


The pathetic movie ends on a nostalgic note recalling the glory days having sex on Brokeback Mountain.

Oh Boy ! 

EXCUZI PLEAJ -  I FEEL LIKE CRYING NOW-

BOOO  HOOOOOOOOOOOOOO !!

-as Pooja Misra of BIGG BOSS would have said –SPARE ME !

Getting back-

Unsatisfied lust results in sexual frustration and emotional rigidity.   Lust when not tempered with compassion and empathy,  can lead to extreme emotionally damaging behavior.  

Lust is highly variable -- it may deepen or dissipate with the passage of time . For men, lust is a heady experience; the brain goes on hold and  surges of testosterone run the show.  

Raging hormones can easily disguise themselves as feelings of love. Lust can causes a man to think with his crotch and throw all reason and logic to the wind-- apparently there is a one way valve for blood flow between brain and the erect dong. While in animal lust a man does NOT care if the woman has anything at all in common with him.

While in lust a man is not interested in where a woman comes from or where she's going.  His brain is only focused on using his key to unlock the door to her secret cave. He will make hazaar excuses  not to spend time with her, except for sex. He wants to leave after sex without wasting times on mushy cuddles. 

Lust is what a man feels when he goes to a whore. He will NOT even wait for the whore to dress up. For lust is short-term fun, while love is the long haul.  Even though the two sometimes masquerade as each other, you should be able to tell the difference. 

Lust is what first brings people together. It’s that initial desire to be with the person, while love is the desire to stay with him or her. Lust produces NO deep emotional bonding, what you feel when you love a person. 



Lust can only be a deep physical attraction and never a mental connection. Lust is what brings you in and love is what keeps you there. When you are in love with someone, you see a future with the other person and your partner is included in your life plans . 

Lust is usually for the short term and love is for the long term. 

This is why gay lust does NOT last and they look for multiple partners, often two timing and three timing them. Lust is an infatuation, while love keeps people together long after the infatuation has faded. . 

Lust is an emotion you can rely on coming on strong and right away, whereas, love and romance are connected to trust, loyalty and an deep and magic emotional attachment, where time stands still.




Below:  Did anybody say that gays lack perception? --think again ! TEE HEEEEE !!



Love is an intense feeling of affection and care towards another person. If your partner is the first person that you think about when you want to share your innermost thoughts, then you may be in love.


There is a great willingness to make sacrifices for another and working at settling differences. There is this ability to compromise so that either both win or at least give the other person's opinion a chance. 

Love creates commitment to another and intentions are genuine intentions.  You don’t ake an ass out of a person you love. They think about the other person's feelings before acting.


Love fosters security, peace, inner happiness and a stable , solid partnership which can provide the ideal atmosphere to raise confident, content and secure children. Love is unconditional and the real deal.

Below: In the comments column there is a Singhania female who does NOT mind her husband groping other females under water in the pool and making out.




When you talk to a person you love , you get lost in your conversations, and the hours pass like minutes.  You're more than willing to listen to her when she goes on and on about her day. 

The chemistry between you is magic.  You find her beautiful even if you catch her sweaty doing some chore in the garden with with no makeup on . Her smile looks so beautiful to you.and you want to cuddle her.



It really does NOT matter if she does NOT allow you to pet her or even make love to her ( you dont use the word screw ) . All you want to do is to be with her, whether you're having sex or not. 
Even if she tells you that sex will have to wait, you don't care



Love sees a bright future together . There is this feeling that your life would be totally empty without her.  

You want to introduce her to your family  . It becomes suddenly important to you that your parents like her, and that she gets along with everyone close to you.  You include her in all your plans . 

If she's not there, you can't get her off your mind and sneak off to give her a quick "I miss you" phone call.

WEE digression-- 

Wonder how many gays introduce their boy friends to their parents—and how many gays want to have gay children –  don’t fu#kin’ lie , you dripping ch00ts.



The woman wants you to be a better man and will try to stop you smoking. She challenges and motivates you.  She makes you happy, and you'd do anything to make her happy.



When you are in love, you will find yourself connecting with the other person and feeling an emotional engagement with him or her.  

Lust sets you out looking for romance while Love is an extraordinary experience.  If you’re truly hoping to find love, remember that love has to be nurtured like a plant.

Below: Opposites attract!


This is what the editorial board of Rothschild controlled NEW YORK TIMES has to say about IPC sec 377 being upheld by Supreme Court  QUOTE “Prime Minister Manmohan Singh now has an opportunity to leave a lasting legacy of progress before his government steps down next spring. His cabinet should act immediately to seek a repeal of Section 377. This 1861 law has no place in a 21st-century democracy.”  UNQUOTE .

Rothschild has made sure that this newspaper  won 112 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other news organization .  Pulitzer is a prize awarded by Columbia University USA.  Columbia university was made with Opium drug money by Rothschild.  

Like I said before NO man or woman is born as gay. Almost all  gays have been molested by an older person gay , and they likes the LUST involved. 95% of the gays admit that  that their first partner was an older pedophile gay . 

Those raised in atheist homes are more likely to become gay. A lot of white men comes to India to adopt male children. Most of these unfortunate boys are made to do fellatio and sodomised on a daily basis.

Just yesterday UK business tycoon Richard Branson has called on Zionist companies and Western tourists to boycott Uganda after its parliament approved a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts.

He spAke : "Governments must realise that people should be able to love whoever they want "

Hey Richard Branson—do you have the guts to do the same with India ?  Or are you just a bully who picks on the weak?

HIMMAT HAI ?

The gay club Heaven is located underneath Charing Cross railway station in Central London, just off Trafalgar Square.   Richard Branson owns this joint since 1991 , but be does NOT affix his Virgin logo on this gay club .

Below video" Lady gaga exposing her twat at Richard Branson's decadent Heaven club.



Below : In the video below Bill Gates gives bull about CO2 as a greenhouse gas causing Global warming. 


He also has a SLIP OF THE TONGUE where he admits that vaccines can be used to reduce population .



Punch into Google search-
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL

In India the foreign funded Gulabi gang  is a group of more than 20000 stick holding ( to beat up men ) brandishing women vigilantes dressed in garish pink sarees.  

The Gulabi gang was founded in 2006 by Sampat Pal Devi, who was an inmate of BIGG BOSS 6, where she fell from grace for lying through her teeth and behaving like an unstable schizophrenic megalomaniac .  

The Gulabi gang network had already risen to over 1.4 lakh members across the world. 

A veritable FOREIGN FUNDED globe- trotter, the uncouth woman has travelled to several European and Scandinavian countries . We know who paid for her airfare and hotel stays abroad. 

Now Madhuri Dixit will play Rajjo in a Bollywood movie “Gulaab Gang” where she will act as Sampat Pal Devi. 

Every mainstream post on the internet says the same line --

QUOTE  They once stormed electricity office in Banda distt; and forced officials to turn back the power they cut in order to extract Bribes from the villagers.UNQUOTE. 



Is there any law in India which permits a gang of rowdy women to beat up men?

What do these rustic goonda women know about electricity of power stations ? 

Is it safe to storm an electricity station and force them to turn on the AC power ? 

What does this have to do with women's rights? 

Why is this foreign funded woman being allowed to play to the gallery?

Under the guise of "womens rights", the Zionists have started playing their vulgar games in Indian villages to attack the love between husband and wife, mother and child .  The ideal harmonious village family fabric is now being destroyed by the Illuminati social engineers who have undermined gender and marriage with the complicity of our government and big brother remote controlled media.



SOME MORE NAMES WHO SUPPORTED AMARTYA SEN IN FORCING THE HIGH COURT TO STRIKE DOWN IPC sec 377.

Aditi Desai, sociologist;
Nitin Desai, former UN Under-Secretary General;
Captain Lakshmi Sahgal, freedom fighter, Padma Vibhushan;
Siddharth Dube, author
Rukun Advani, Author/Publisher
Ashok Alexander, Director,
Avahan, Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation
Subashni Ali, President, All India Democratic Women's Association
Arjun Appadurai, Provost and Senior Vice President for Academic Affairs, and John Dewey Professor in the Social Sciences, The New School for Social Research
Kanti Bajpai, Headmaster, The Doon School
Runa Banerjee, CEO, SEWA Lucknow 




Kaushik Basu, Professor of Economics, Cornell University
Upendra Baxi, Professor of Law, University of Warwick
Amita Baviskar, Associate Professor, Institute of Economic Growth
Urvashi Butalia, author, publisher and activist
Uma Chakravarty, Vedic Scholar and Feminist Historian
Geeta Chandran, Founder President, Natya Vriksha
Purnendu Chatterjee, Chairman, Chatterjee Group
Gerson Da Cunha, Trustee, AGNI (Action for Good Governance and Networking in India)
Maja Daruwala, human rights activist
Veena Das, Professor, Johns Hopkins University
PR Dasgupta, former secretary education and social welfare, first head  of the National AIDS programme
Mahesh Dattani, playwright, Sahitya Akademi Award 1998
Devika Daulet-Singh, photographer
Astad Deboo, choreographer & dancer
Armaity Desai, Former Director, Tata Inst. of Social Sciences & Former Chairman, University Grants Commission
Anil Divan, Senior Advocate
Darryl D'Monte, environmental journalist & author
Dilip D'Souza, author and journalist
JB D'Souza, former Maharashtra Chief Secretary and Bombay Municipal Commissioner (IAS retd)
Neela D'Souza, writer 




Bharat Dube, Counsel, Richemont Group S.A.
Mallika Dutt, Breakthrough, National Citizen's Award 2001
Rajiv Dutta, President, Skype
Rehaan Engineer, actor
Naresh Fernandes, Editor, Time Out Mumbai
Meenakshi Ganguly, Human Rights Watch
Shohini Ghosh, Filmmaker and Lecturer, Jamia Millia Islamia
Anand Grover, Human Rights Lawyer
Ramachandra Guha, Social Anthropologist, Historian
Satish Gujral, Artist, Sculptor
Ruchira Gupta, activist and Emmy-winning journalist
Syeda Hameed, Member of the Planning Commission
Zoya Hasan, Professor of Political Science, Jawaharlal Nehru University
Tanuja Desai Hidier, author and musician
Ashok Jethanandani, editor, India Currents
Ruchir Joshi, writer
Sudhir Kakar, psychoanalyst and author
Mira Kamdar, author, Senior Fellow, World Policy Institute
Coomi Kapoor, Indian Express
Sanjay Kapoor, Vice President, Raytheon Integrated Defense Systems
Bachi Karkaria, Author and Columnist, Times of India
Soha Ali Khan, actor
Zila Khan, classical singer 




Sunil Khilnani, Director of South Asian Studies, Johns Hopkins
Shanno Khurana, Classical vocalist, Padmabhushan, Fellow (Ratna Sadasya) Sangeet Natak Akademi
Saleem Kidwai, Historian and Co-editor, Same-Sex Love in India
Purab Kohli, Actor
Amitava Kumar, writer, Professor of English, Vassar College
Radha Kumar, author and professor, Jamia Millia Islamia
Jhumpa Lahiri, author, Pulitzer Prize 2000   ( wonder whom he jumped TEE HEEEEE ! )
Ruby Lal, Assistant Professor of South Asian Civilizations, Emory University
Rama Mani, Geneva Centre for Security Policy
Sonal Mansingh, acclaimed danseuse and Padma Vibhushan
Ajay K. Mehra, Director, Centre for Public Affairs
Suketu Mehta, author, Kiriyama Prize 2005
Nivedita Menon, Department of Political Science, Delhi University
Aziz Mirza, Filmmaker
Saeed Mirza, Filmmaker
Sophie Moochala, businesswoman
Shubha Mudgal, vocalist, Padmashree Award 2000
Mira Nair, internationally acclaimed film director
Onir, film director, My Brother Nikhil
Pankaj Pachauri, Senior Editor, NDTV
Latika Padgaonkar, art and cine expert
Amol Palekar, Filmmaker 
Gopika Pant, Partner, DSK Legal
Gyanendra Pandey, Distinguished Professor of Arts and Sciences, Emory Unviversity
Kirit Parikh, Member, Planning Commission
Vibha Parthasarathi, ex-Chairperson, National Commission for Women
Vibhuti Patel, journalist 


Pradip Prabhu, Activist, Kasthakari Sangathan
Sanjay Pradhan, Director, Public Sector Governance, The World Bank
Rajeswari Sunder Rajan, Global Distinguished Professor (Elect), New York University
Rahul Ram, Indian Ocean band
Raka Ray, Professor of South Asian Studies, Univ of California, Berkeley
Debraj Ray, Julius Silver Professor of Economics, New York University
Sandip Roy, Editor, New America Media and Trikone Magazine
Sanjoy Roy, managing director, Teamwork Films 


Sarika, Actress
Siddharth Dhanvant Sanghvi, Author
Mrinalini V.  Sarabhai, dancer and choreographer, Padma Shree 1965, Padma Bhushan 1992
Madhu Sarin, psychoanalyst
Sumit Sarkar, social historian
Tanika Sarkar, historian and Professor, Jawaharlal Nehru University
NC Saxena, former Secretary Planning Commission and Rural Development, and Director, LBS National Academy of Administration
Atul Setalvad, Senior Advocate
Konkona Sen Sharma, actress
Malvika Singh, Publisher, Seminar 




Dayanita Singh, photographer
Kirti Singh, Advocate and Women's Rights Activist
Seema Sirohi, columnist
Sreenath Sreenivasan, Professor, Columbia Graduate School of Journalism
Vidya Subrahmaniam, Deputy Editor, The Hindu
Nandini Sundar, Professor, Delhi School of Economics
Admiral (Rtd.) R.H. Tahiliani, former Chief of the Indian Navy and Governor of Sikkim, Chairman, Transparency International India
Tarun Tahiliani and Sal Tahiliani, designers
Tilottama Tharoor, Humanities Professor, New York University
Laila Tyabji, Chairperson, DASTKAR
Nilita Vachani, documentary-maker, President's Award 1992
Ruth Vanita, author and professor, U of Montana
Siddharth Varadarajan, Deputy Editor, The Hindu
B.G. Verghese, former editor of several national papers, and human rights and development activist
Jafar Zaheer, Air Vice Marshal (retd, Param Vishist Seva Medal), and Mrs Rafath Zaheer
Shama Zaidi, script writer and film maker 

WHY DID AMARTYA SEN IGNORE SLIMY MANI SHANKAR AIYER?  PRAY, PRITHEE ?




Now I must tell a true joke-

In our of our shipboard parties, a Sardarjee electrical officer ( a senior citizen ) told us about his own experience — which had all of in splits  

He went to a whorehouse in Mumbai Grant road , and selected a young attractive girl.

He says he was so impressed with her innocent beauty , that he started treating her like LADY DIANA .

The girl kept quiet for some time –and then she lost her temper ( time is money, right?)

She demanded to know in a VERY gruff voice ( sounding like the big bad wolf ).

HEY GAANDU-  SHAADI KARNE KO AAYA , YA- CHOADNE KO AAYA ?

He lost his hop in a second -- and came out without doing what he went there for , wasting his money.

Love at first sight is not believable.  Love takes time.  Lust at first sight sounds much more accurate.  

If you still feel attracted when your lust is satisfied, then it's LOBE - nay - love.



The above true incident gives me a higher platform to talk again about LOVE and LUST

It takes a leap of faith to drop your defenses and trust your partner with the feelings, thoughts, and dreams that are most essentially yours.

Bitti Mohanty while in hiding thought that a girl from Kerala loved him and he dropped his defences and told her who exactly he is – a fugitive from law in disguise.  The first thing this ungrateful girl did was to let him down and to get him arrested.

Who is Bitti Mohanty?   

He is the gullible guy who does NOT know how a white woman’s mind works.  Is is about culture clashes.   In India is a girl stays with her boyfriend in the same hotel room, on the same bed , wearing skimpy revealing clothes , it means total surrender, unless she is a cock teaser.

Punch into Google search-
BITTI MOHANTY RAPE OF GERMAN TOURIST VADAKAYIL

Bitti Mohanty must console himself that soon he will get out of jail. But if he had married that Kerala girl, he would be in a worse prison all his life.

Real love brings out the best in people.

We have two cricketeers S Sreeshant and Ankit Chauhan whose careers were ruined by mafia BCCI, with fake cases—and that too for a vulgar circus like IPL , when people are auctioned and sold like cattle..

But the women they loved , went ahead and married them.  They both have found true love , and must be envied.  Not a single celebrity of cricketer friend attended Sreeshant’s wedding to a Rajput princess.  

I guess he is better off without such friends. They all wanted to be around him as he was in the world cup winning teams of  ODI/ T20 and the No 1 test nation by rankings .  

Without the mental disintegration Sreeshant provided ( just giving back as good as we got ) Indian would NOT have beaten the extravagantly UGLY Aussies for the No 1 test team spot.




Punch into Google search-

TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE, SREESANTH AND MISUSE OF MCOCA VADAKAYIL




Above: Sreeshant with a Bharatiya Nari bride.



See, even the young whore knew that people in lust are only interested in sex . They have NOT paid for  dainty conversation.   

She knows why a perverted customer has come.   She is NOT gonna blush for him.   She is NOT gonna allow a customer to chat her up with corny superficial talk which has zilch meaning. 

By the way when you select a bride for your son, ensure that she has NOT forgotten how to blush— for it is the most potent charm in a woman.  



How many of you think that Celina Jaitley who had a live in gay boyfriend can blush?   

Can we let our imagination run riot and figure out  which all orifices he would have preferred and in which order, and whether there were cobwebs on any ?

Below: This is what I call an unexplored passage.



You know that it is LOVE when you do NOT need to get physical to feel connected to the other person. You feel complete and happy just holding her hand or talking to her. If at all you have sex with such a person you love, it is mind blowing literally an explosion of divine passion.

Lust is like going to the loo. LUST is that quick satisfying feeling that quickly goes away after all is said and done. Something akin to—you were feeling PEEYUSH , so you peed and now you are fine and out of the toilet. 

This is what lustful gay love is all about.  But mind you , he needs a new pee pot at regular intervals.

I am afraid there are a lot of bad words in this post.

But at the same times this post will be the BEST post when it comes to revealing the signs of a healthy relationship , which cannot be found or is NOT taught anywhere else.

Most young people dealing with love's intense roller-coaster emotions, may not realize when a relationship is unhealthy.   

Everybody  wrongly thinks that “love conquers all.”- when they do NOT even know how to differentiate between LOVE and LUST.

Below: Triple Sri with a Magsaysay award winner.



Triple Sri has committed blasphemy by saying on prime time TV that Lord Ayyappa is the off spring of two homosexuals Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu-- an attack from within .  

This was parroted by all foreign funded channels with special gusto by anchors like Barkha Dutt, Karan Thapar, Rajdeep Sardesia, Sagarika Ghose etc and Rothschild Communists like Brinda Karat..

I want every ART OF LIVING devotee abroad to read the post below - at the end of the post I have explained the astounding DVAITA HINDUISM how 3 forces BRAHMA-VISHNU-SHIVA control the cosmos.

Punch into google search-
PROUD TO BE HINDU PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL

I have some advise for CHUTNEY MARYs whose pea brains cannot distinguish between love and lust or SPACE given by LOBE nay love or whatever.

Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.   It's love when a woman rejoices for her partner's happiness and his dreams ,  even if that means being away from her .  Love involves personal sacrifice, and it grows slowly.  

Who can talk about this better than a sailor of 40 years.  Of course my wife sailed with me for 9 years and later when children arrived our concern was more for our children than ourselves . We will NOT put our children in boarding schools or allow them to say with the grandparents. This sowed love is what we reap today.

If you love someone, you look forward every morning to waking up to seeing her  face, and you genuinely care about all that she says.

A woman driven by lust is searching for physical pleasure, while someone who is in love is in search of deeper joy and happiness.  

A man who is in love with a woman cares about the quality of the time ( this excludes sex which he can get from a whorehouse OR if he wants to get his rocks off he will use pornography or use his imagination  ) you spend together.   Emotional intimacy with her is more  important to him as physical intimacy.

Love is not about "me" – what I can have? –  it's about "you"—what can I do to make your life richer and happier ?   When we separate "love" from "lust" in this way, WE becomes more important than ME.


When a man loves a woman his stomach flutters, chemistry sizzles, time stands still. He has enough energy to burn .

The couple can even commit joint suicide. Who will commit suicide for a RANDI  smoking and flashing her pantyless crotch--  or a creep who tries to shove his dick in the nearest hairy or hairless orifice --above water or under water ?

The longer you can hold off on physical intimacy the better your chances are of the relationship growing    Love accepts things as it is . The woman does NOT see the need to wear make up or put plastic in her tits to hold on to her man.



The difference between love and lust is the attitude of your heart. If you’re in love, the attitude of your heart is one of selflessness, with the other person as your focus, whereas if you are in lust the attitude of your heart will be one of selfishness, with yourself as the focus.


True love is driven by a divine desire to provide for, nurture and care for the other persons needs.   Love is was endures long after the high feelings of base lust are gone. 



Love is what makes you stay with someone even thought the butterflies and feelings of lust are gone.   Love is when you want to do all you can for someone not expecting anything in return at all.


Ask any long-married couples ( over 30 years ) , they all said their love grew over time rather than faded away.  Even though you may thoroughly enjoy having sex with your partner, spending time together is just as important.   Being able to lie in bed in the dark and talk about anything and everything is a sure sign that you truly are in love.


If you want to listen to their feelings and emotions then you are connecting with your partner on an emotional level rather than a physical level it is love .  A larger step in a relationship is meeting each other’s family.  

If you love someone, you want to her to you  show your family who cares for you. How many gays and lesbians will take their partners home?  For deep inside they know that they do NOT follow the laws of the universe.

STOP PRESS:

Here is what our official “under aged optimist creep”  NWO stooge Chetan Bhagat says in TOI today

QUOTE  :  BJP took an old-school RSS stance on Section 377.   BJP`s stance, and their bizarre rationale for it, which included words like `unnatural` and 'against Indian culture', sent a scare down the spines of many young voters. UNQUOTE



Love is the foundation of stable societies—only .  "Love at first sight" is only infatuation.  Real love comes with knowing someone and caring for one another over some time.   Often, an infatuation runs its course in six months or less.   You might like another person, enjoy spending time together,  enjoy doing a lot of the same things. 



Lust is one of the gates to Naraka ( hell ).   As fire is covered by smoke, as a mirror is covered by dust, or as the embryo is covered by the womb,  the living entity is similarly covered by different degrees of this lust.   Bhagavad Gita, Lord Krishna, ( verse 21) 4000 BC



We have arranged marriages in Hindusim because we know that people mistake LUST and INFATUATION for LOVE.



And for many LOVE is just a shrewd “arrangement of convenience “.   If you are in Timbuctoo you fall in love with someone in Timbuctoo — BIGG BOSS or whatever. 

Below : An arrangement of convenience? -- a 37 year old Tanisha , beyond child bearing age?.




Lust is driven by an base desire to provide for and care for our own sinful passions.  Lust is a strong initial sexual attraction usually based on physical appearance.  Once that physical desire ends, your interest in them usually ends.

It's lust when you rejoice for being together, even at the cost of your partner's happiness.  A discussion of true feelings is unlikely to happen, and if you try to initiate one, he may quickly change the subject.

If your guy does not want to get to know you on a deeper level but still wants you around, he is most likely interested in lust . Lust is overwhelmingly powerful and it's driven by pheromones – although we're not generally aware of that .

If you find a person's face and body gorgeous, and the things he does or his bank balance pushes your buttons, then you have lust, and it feels fantastic; but it's not love with an emotional connection.

Below:  Looking for LOBE-- nay-- love. Keep your underage daughter away from such depraved preying lesbian woman --who love ( this is where their love starts and ends ) to use TONGUE POWER..



When the chemicals start to fade from your body, the lust will disappear; and you'll be wondering what you ever saw in him.  

Alcohol and late-night meetings for a quick hump are not a good combination if you’re trying to take a relationship to the next level emotionally. 

Lust is amazingly self serving, love is unlimited and unselfish,  and although love doesn't exclude lust, it's handy to know the difference between the two.  

It is most likely lust, if you don't care about what he has to say.

Lust is the first thing that develops when you are attracted to someone-  say a girl with gargantuan tits and a plunging neckline, is jogging in the park in mini skirt --  literally making jogging a male spectator sport..  

None of the male spectators ( or female lesbians ) look at her in LOVE.  For lust is completely shallow and superficial.  

Lust is a physical emotion that we act upon in the "heat of the moment."  

Below: Ever heard of a bitch in heat ? The NWO wants such decadence , including nude LBGT beaches to come to India -- we wont allow it. 




If you lie to someone in order to get into bed with her, that's lust.

THERE ARE TOO MANY COMMENTS- CLICK ON "LOAD MORE" - TO SEE LATEST COMMENTS.

 

LET ME NOW BREAK A BOMBSHELL -- WHICH WILL SHOCK YOU ( ABOUT SEC 377 ) HIGH COURT AND SUPREME COURT RULINGS-- A HUGE CONSPIRACY .

I WANT Indians to be aware of the hidden agenda .

The Supreme Court order upset the High Court order on IPC section 377.

So what was the High court order?

On 2 July 2009 Delhi High Court verdict legalized homosexuality.  A Division Bench of Justice A.P. Shah and Justice S. Muralidhar in its 105-page order said: “We declare that Section 377 of the IPC, insofar as it criminalises consensual sexual acts of adults in private, is violative of Articles 21 [Right to Protection of Life and Personal Liberty], 14 [Right to Equality before Law] and 15 [Prohibition of Discrimination on Grounds of Religion, Race, Caste, Sex or Place of Birth] of the Constitution.

“We hold that sexual orientation is a ground analogous to sex, and that discrimination on sexual orientation is not permitted under Article 15,” the judgment said.

However, the court clarified that “the provisions of Section 377 will continue to govern non-consensual penile non-vaginal sex and penile non-vaginal sex involving minors “

Gay marriages are NOT allowed by the high court ruling .

Now the Supreme Court has overturned this INCOMPLETE FOR LGBT high court judgement.

The stage is now set for legalizing gay marriages and pedophile tourism  ( VISA ON ARRIVAL ) .

There is endless false propaganda by foreign funded Indian media , that the entire Indian nation ( except a few Hindu bigots like Baba Ram Dev Narendra Modi  etc ) are shocked and revolted by the Supreme court judgement.

The false propaganda includes that the Indian LGBT community is  30 %  of India’s population , while in reality it is less than  0.0087 %  .     

This VERY low rate is due to family values and the warped DNA healing spices in our food like Circumin ( turmeric ).



Magsaysay award winner ATHEIST Arvind Kejriwal (the most dangerous foreign funded man in India today) and his party- the Aam Aadmi Party have strongly condemned the Supreme Court judgement.

QUOTE "The Aam Aadmi party is disappointed with the judgment of the Supreme Court upholding the Section 377 of the IPC and reversing the landmark judgment of the Delhi High Court on the subject. 

The Supreme Court judgment thus criminalizes the personal behavior of consenting adults. This not only violates the human rights of such individuals, but goes against the liberal values of our Constitution, and the spirit of our times. 

Aam Aadmi Party hopes and expects that the Supreme Court will review this judgment and that the Parliament will also step in to repeal this archaic law "- UNQUOTE 



The Italian waitress –now- Empress and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi asked the parliament to amend Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).


QUOTE - The High Court has wisely removed an archaic, repressive and unjust law that infringed on the basic human rights enshrined in our Constitution.  This constitution has given us a great legacy, a legacy of liberalism and openness that enjoined us to combat prejudice and discrimination of any kind. We are proud that our culture has always been an inclusive and tolerant one.I hope that parliament will address this issue and uphold the constitutional guarantee of life and liberty to all citizens of India, including those directly affected by this judgment -UNQUOTE



Homosexuality was decriminalised in 1917 after the Czar was murdered by Jew Rothschild sponsored Bolshevik revolution.

It was recriminalised under Stalin in 1933 and decriminalised again in 1993 by Rothschild stooge Boris Yeltsin ( Jew Boris Jelzman).

In June 2013 , the Russian parliament passed a law banning “propaganda for non-traditional sexual relations” that effectively makes it illegal to speak publicly in defence of gay rights, let alone hold gay pride events.  

India must follow suit. We cannot have these debauched characters preying on young children.

In Australia, on December 11, 2013 , only a week after a law making same-sex marriage legal in the Australian Capital Territory came into effect, the federal High Court overturned it and 27 gay marriages were automatically dissolved. “Whether same sex marriage should be provided for by law is a matter for the federal parliament,” said the judges. The new prime minister, Tony Abbott, has already said he opposes it, so there will be no new legislation there soon.

Homosexuality is now illegal in 83 countries including India.

Netherlands was the first country to legalise gay marriages. 

It is NO wonder that Arvind Kejriwal allegedly has received heavy funds from The Dutch embassy to boost the homosexual friendly world population .

When we were young cadets 4 decades ago, we have seen the depraved and debauched red light districts of Rotterdam and Amsterdam.   

Below: This is what happened when the soil of your country is pumped with artificial fertilisers, pesticides , you eat GM / processed foods and you drink barrels of A1 toxic milk from humpless cows.



Below: Amsterdam's gay parade--this is what happens when nations become decadent-- young 6 year olds are watching all this. 

PTHYOOEEEY !

WE WILL NOT ALLOW THIS IN INDIA



Amsterdam, in particular is often associated with gay emancipation, as it provided the setting for the world’s ﬁrst legally recognized ‘gay marriage’ in 2001, and hosts the famous but creepy gay parade with festively decorated boats ﬂoating through the city’s picturesque canals each year.

Below: Amsterdam's Gay parade.

 

Recently we has NWO stooge Chetan Bhagat ridiculing Baba Ramdev on a public platform – a fellow guest.   He asked Ramdev is can cure homosexuality by yoga.

We Indians do NOT care for Chetan Bhagat and his bullsh#t books sponsored by Big Brother. 

Since this ugly looking creep worked for Rothschild’s controlled Goldman Sachs , he has always been  pushing the sinister agenda of the Banking Cartel.   No wonder he automatically got included in Rothschild controlled Time Magazine’s  100 Most Influential People .



In my post about Ashtanga Vinyasa Yoga I has introduced my readers to Amygdala.

Punch into Google search-
ASHTANGA VINYASA YOGA, VAGUS NERVE , AMYGDALA VADAKAYIL

Today I shall expound further about amygdala.

Homosexuality has to do with the amygdala. This is why Ashtanga Vinyasa yoga which can stimulate the vagus nerve and amygdala can control wild urges where gays and lesbians prey on underage children .  A lot of these underage children with warped DNA become gays and lesbians later on in life.

The Amygdala is a sexually differentiated organ meaning that it is different in men, women and  homosexuals. Male erections and orgasms are triggered in the amygdala.

The ability to feel specific base sexual desire, the ability to feel love for the same gender as a complex emotions, is made possible by the amygdala.

It is a paradox that most homosexual men and straight women have almost identically constructed amygdalas.

It is another paradox that most straight men and lesbians have identically shaped amygdala's. .
Emotional memories  are buried deep in the amygdala. The amygdala is directly involved in the perception of sexual pheromones.  

The amygdala controls all aspects of emotional and sexual functioning.  Electrical stimulation of the amygdala induces uterine contractions, milk production, ovulation and erections in males.

The amygdala also controls cortisol which is a fight or flight hormone. This hormone is toxic and a chemical weapon of brain destruction.  It's also the belly fat hormone.  Cortisol is not relevant to the amygdala.   However oxytocin keeps cortisol in check because it takes it pushed it out in the urine.

Otherwise toxiic cortisol would eat away at the hippocampus, a major pleasure center of the brain. 

Brain imaging studies indicate that oxytocin keeps the amygdala balanced.  Oxytocin helps us to forget negative experiences.  

This is why homosexuals are shameless—they get caught and hammered but after one hour he starts groping young boys again in crowded public transport.

Amygdala is a  very emotional structure. And it's mighty quick . If you suddenly see a king cobra with a reared up head near your leg and  you feel a 'burst' of fear, that's your right amygdala.



If you feel a burst of elation when someone looks at you with seductive bed room eyes that is your left  amygdala playin’ up.



When lesbians pet they takes in molecules of estrogen and oxytocin emitted by the other's body. When gays pet they inhale each other's testosterone, oxytocin, and vasopressin. Lesbians experience more oxytocin while gays experience less oxytocin and more vasopressin.


Oxytocin receptors are expressed by neurons in the amygdala. Nasally administered oxytocin can reduce fear, possibly by inhibiting the amygdala . Oxytocin has a half-life of around three minutes in the blood.  Oxytocin given intravenously does not enter the brain in significant quantities - it is excluded from the brain by the blood-brain barrier.

Oxytocin is released into the blood during labour - triggering the production of breast milk - and floods the brain during breastfeeding, helping mother and baby bond.  In spray form, oxytocin ( mixed with one more hormone )  can make a man 'feel' like a woman. Oxytocin which instills trust, increases loyalty, and promotes the “tend and befriend” response.

Oxytocin nasal spray is used in hospitals to induce labour, and so it  means the sprays should not be used by pregnant women.

Oxytocin ( plus another hormone ) can be used to con people of their money. They say a fool and his money are soon parted—but here it will happen sooner , to the most skeptic person.

OXYTOCIN REDUCED ACTIVITY IN THE AMYGDALA, CREATING TRUST.  



The fear-processing circuitry is briefly damped.

Oxytocin injected into the cerebrospinal fluid causes an instantaneous hard on in rats TEE HEEEE!

A woman's sex drive peaks in her late 20s and early 30s.  As a result of decreased testosterone as men age, they tend to become more compassionate as their levels go down. Conversely, as a woman's estrogen level decreases with age, she will become more assertive. Now you know why 3 of our women CM s are the way they are.



Two major hormones involved in a feeling of gay attachment; oxytocin and vasopressin.  An enlarged subpopulation of vasopressin containing neurons can be found in the suprachiasmatic nucleus (SCN) of homosexual men as compared to heterosexuals. 

Vasopressin is a hormone in the commitment stage and is released after lustful sex.  Vasopressin is calle "the monogamy chemical", and suppression of vasopressin can cause males to abandon their love nest and seek prey..



Dopamine is tied into sexual desire while norepinephrine is related to subjective excitement.
That initial butterflies  that comes when we're first falling in love includes a racing heart, flushed skin and sweaty palms.  This is due to the dopamine, norepinephrine and phenylethylamine we're releasing. 

Dopamine is the the "pleasure chemical," producing a feeling of bliss.  Dopamine is a neurotransmitter that affects pleasure and motivation. It causes a sensation akin to a substance-induced high. Dopamine is  activated by cocaine .



Norepinephrine is similar to adrenaline and produces the racing heart and excitement.  Together these two chemicals produce elation, intense energy, sleeplessness, craving, loss of appetite and focused attention.  

People in love have lower levels of serotonin and the neural circuits associated with the way we usually assess others are suppressed.  These lower serotonin levels are the same as those found in people with obsessive-compulsive disorders,  explaining why those in love "obsess" about their partner. 

Serotonin is a hormone that make people temporarily insane.

Hormones that are present in the brain when people experience infatuation include testosterone, estrogen, dopamine, norepinephrine, serotonin, oxytocin, and vasopressin. Dopamine, norepinephrine, and serotonin are more commonly found during the attraction phase of a relationship. 



Oxytocin and vasopressin are linked to longer term bonding and relationships characterized by strong attachments.

Lust is brought on by surges of sex hormones, such as testosterone and estrogen. These induce an indiscriminate scramble for base physical gratification.   Testosterone levels shoot up in a man even during a casual chat with an attractive female stranger. The stronger the hormonal reaction, the more marked the changes in behavior. 

Events occurring in the brain when we are in love have similarities with mental illness.  Women who sniffed androstadienone, a signaling chemical found in male sweat, saliva, and semen, experience higher levels of the hormone cortisol. 



This results in sexual arousal and improved mood. The effect lasts more than one hour. Falling in love involves the enhanced secretion of b-Phenylethylamine (PEA, or the "love chemical") in the first 2 years of the relationship.   

Sexual foreplay and intercourse stimulate the same parts of a woman’s body that are involved in giving birth and nursing. Flushed cheeks, a racing heart beat and clammy hands are some of the outward signs of being in love. But inside the body there are definite hormone and chemical signs that cupid has fired his arrow. 

Lust is driven by the sex hormones testosterone and oestrogen. Testosterone is not confined only to men. It also plays a major role in the sex drive of women.  

Endorphins are also involved in the longevity of love. Endorphins have the same pain-killing and pleasure-delivering properties as their cousin, morphine, without the risk of overdose.

PEA or phenylethylamine and it is PEA which controls the transition from lust to love. Similar in structure to amphetamine, PEA too gives us that excitement we crave. Indeed, some people become veritable love junkies. They need a constant love high and go through life in a series of short multiple relationships which crumble when the initial chemical rush wanes. 



The love junky has another problem too. After some times he builds a tolerance to these chemicals eventually, so it takes more and more to produce that much sought after high.  

Love junkies, if they stay married, are likely to seek frequent affairs to fuel their need for the chemical love high—these are the ones who try to MENTALLY COPULATE with every single attractive female they walk past.

Time to digress- to put something very relevant.


mahaishwarDecember 29, 2013 at 8:09 PM
Namaste Capt ji,

An off topic, Sir what is this Protocols of the the Learned Zion is about?
and with ur permission may I know who is your Guru who has given you such magnificent knowledge about our Sanatana Dharma and Spiritual content? KOTI KOTI pranam to the Guru.

Thanks
mahaiahwar
ReplyDelete

Replies






Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 29, 2013 at 8:45 PM
hi m,

POZ was a plan for the Jews to achieve global domination — by a meeting where the minutes leaked out.

The meeting happened before the Russian Czar was murdered and the Red Bolshevik revolution.

What Hitler before WW2 told has become true. 

The Jews want global hegemony by subverting the morals of all non-Jews ( leaving out their stooges ) by controlling the press and the world's economies. 
Today everybody knows what is happening in this internet age.

The Jews even dragged Lord Vishnu into it.

QUOTE -Our Government will resemble the Hindu god Vishnu. Each of our hundred hands will hold one spring of the social machinery of State -UNQUOTE — Protocols, p. 65

WE IN INDIA ARE NOW HAVING A THING SIMILAR TO PROTOCOL OF ZION . THE MINORITY WILL RULE THE MAJORITY WITH HELP FROM BIG BROTHER.

ALL ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED MEDIA CRIED HOARSE THAT THE POZ IS A FORGERY -
OH YEAH ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..
#####################
Jeet DattaDecember 29, 2013 at 10:41 AM
Guruji,

great JayaPrakash Narayan aka Lok Nayak recvd Magsaysay award in 1965. he is supposedly the mentor of Lalu Prasad and Nitish Kumar.

how do we explain this case.

Jeet
ReplyDelete


Replies


Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 29, 2013 at 10:59 AM
hi jd,

just because JP was against indira gandhi during emergency , you all think that he is a great patriot?

rothschild wanted indira gandhi OUT --as she nationalised the indian banks .
FOR THIS HE USED HIS STOOGE JAYAPRAKASH NARAYAN .

JP was sponsored by rothschild to study at Berkeley USA -- never mind all his sob stories about being in poverty in USA.

he was introduced rothschild's relative german jew karl marx's works while in USA by rothschild's agents.

JP was very ethusiastic when the russian czar was murdered and the red bolshevik reolution by rothschild funded Jews took place.

he was a supporter of MN Roy, the founder of Indian communism --with a Jewish honey pot wife Evelyn Trent.

JP was under the wing of rothschild stooge gandhi, who mentored him as required by rothschild.

Jayaprakash Narayan made a rothschild sponsored trip to Israel to meet Israeli Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion in Tel Aviv, 1958

JP got the Bharat Ratna in 1999 and the desh drohi Magsaysay award.

IT IS BETTER THAT YOU DONT MAKE ME OPEN MY MOUTH ANY MORE--LOT OF INDIAN HEROES- NAY- GODS WILL FALL BY THE WAYSIDE.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
One of my readers has just provoked me over JP. His comment was NOT published .

Now I will give a reference, which usually I do NOT.  People find it very difficult to imagine that JP could be a Rothschild stooge.

I will now go one step further.

Jayaprakash Narayan was CIA  !! 

His job was to get Indira Gandhi (who nationalized Indian banks)  down . 

The road to “emergency declaration “  and all the tamasha was “created” by big brother.

Punch into google search-
LORD VICTOR ROTHSCHILD A NOLEN JAYAPRAKASH NARAYAN CIA.

The man who wrote this post will NOT even know who JP is , where he is from or what he did . 

He just provided a spook list.

Do NOT make me open my mouth any more — see a mighty god has just fallen by the wayside .

Rothschild’s agent , Ford foundation representative, Steven Solnick ( picture below ) , told Business Standard -- QUOTE “  the Foundation’s last installment to Kabir (an NGO run by Magsaysay award winners Arvind Kejriwal and Manish Sisodia) was in 2010. Our first grant to the NGO was of $1,72,000 in 2005 ; the second was in 2008 of $1,97,000 ” UNQUOTE



In reply to an RTI query that questioned the funding and expenditure of Kabir, the organisation has disclosed that they have received funds from the Ford Foundation (Rs 86,61,742), PRIA (Rs 2,37,035), Manjunath Shanmugam Trust (Rs 3,70,000), Dutch Embassy (Rs 19,61,968), Association for India’s Development (Rs 15,00,000), India’s friends Association (Rs 7,86,500), United Nationals Development Programme (Rs12,52,742) while Rs 11,35,857 were collected from individual donations between 2007 to 2010.

Why is India allowing Trojan Horse NGOs of Kejriwal to receive grants from international agencies like the Ford Foundation ( for pushing gay marriages,  anti-nuclear movement etc ) . 

They must be barred from participating in the shaping of Indian public policy and hence banned from 2014 Lok Sabha elections.

When the notorious homosexual ( receiving party ) RITUPARNA GHOSH died the foreign funded Indian media acted as if the world has come to an end.

This creep was shamelessly openly gay.  

Towards the last few years of his life he adopted a feminine persona, wearing wigs, makeup, and women’s clothes to public appearances and events.

So he – or was it she- died of complications of beauty surgery— breast implants and a tummy tuck ( abdominoplasty ) . Maybe the loose flesh was flapping around and creating noise pollution while on all fours. 

He has a favourite profile when his beady eyes spotted a photopgrapher . He or she would cry “ “Ei dik theke nao (take the picture from this side),” shoving the preferred profile into the camera.

Such was his greed to seduce the same sex at the age of 49 , that being a diabetic he risked his life with hormone replacement therapy.

Below: Flaunting his tits --PTHEEEOOOYY !



The press gave a bulls#it story that he died of a massive heart attack ( always massive, right?) Some media screwed it up by saying he died of pancreatitis.

Below video: Demand for "PEDOPHILE RIGHTS".




Big Brother remote controlled US Republicans attempted to add an amendment specifying that “pedophilia is not covered as an orientation;” however, the amendment was defeated by Democrats.

Rep. Alcee Hastings (D-Fl) stated that all alternative sexual lifestyles should be protected under the law.

“This bill addresses our resolve to end violence based on prejudice and to guarantee that all Americans, regardless of race, color, religion, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity, or disability or all of these ‘philias’ and fetishes and ‘isms’ that were put forward need not live in fear because of who they are. I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this rule.”

The White House praised the bill saying, “At root, this isn’t just about our laws; this is about who we are as a people. This is about whether we value one another  – whether we embrace our differences rather than allowing them to become a source of animus.”

So if we see a gay sodomising a small boy, we are supposed to give the pervert a thumbs up signal and walk away.



In early 2013,  two psychologists in Canada declared that pedophilia is a sexual orientation just like homosexuality or heterosexuality. 

Van Gijseghem, psychologist and retired professor of the University of Montreal, told members of Parliament, “Pedophiles are not simply people who commit a small offense from time to time but rather are grappling with what is equivalent to a sexual orientation just like another individual may be grappling with heterosexuality or even homosexuality.” 

He went on to say, “True pedophiles have an exclusive preference for children, which is the same as having a sexual orientation. You cannot change this person’s sexual orientation”

Dr. Quinsey, professor emeritus of psychology at Queen’s University in Kingston, Ontario, agreed with Van Gijseghem. Quinsey said pedophiles’ sexual interests prefer children and, “There is no evidence that this sort of preference can be changed through treatment or through anything else.”

In July, 2010 Harvard health Publications said, “Pedophilia is a sexual orientation and unlikely to change. Treatment aims to enable someone to resist acting on his sexual urges.”

Linda Harvey, of Mission America, said the push for pedophiles to have equal rights will become more and more common as LGBT groups continue to assert themselves. “It’s all part of a plan to introduce sex to children at younger and younger ages; to convince them that normal friendship is actually a sexual attraction.”

The IASHS lists, on its website, a list of “basic sexual rights” that includes “the right to engage in sexual acts or activities of any kind whatsoever, providing they do not involve nonconsensual acts, violence, constraint, coercion or fraud.” 

Another right is to, “be free of persecution, condemnation, discrimination, or societal intervention in private sexual behavior” and “the freedom of any sexual thought, fantasy or desire.” The organization also says that no one should be “disadvantaged because of  age.”

Sex offender laws protecting children have been challenged in several states including California, Georgia and Iowa. Sex offenders claim the laws prohibiting them from living near schools or parks are unfair because it penalizes them for life.

Below: We must protect the RIGHT TO CHOICE -- correct?



GAYS AND LESBAINS DO NOT REALISE THAT AFTER PLANET DEPOPULATION TO LESS THAN ONE BILLION  IS COMPLETED , BIG BROTHER WILL JUST EXTERMINATE ALL OF THEM LIKE THE MAD COW DISEASED COWS . 

PERSONAL IDENTITIES LIKE TRACKER AND TRACER AADHAR CARD ARE ALL NEW WORLD ORDER TOOLS.




Using the same tactics used by “gay” rights activists, pedophiles have begun to seek similar status arguing their desire for children is a sexual orientation no different than heterosexual or homosexuals. 

In 1973 the American Psychiatric Association declassified homosexuality from its list of mental disorders, under pressure from big brother . This causes a spurt in AIDS. 

People started buying up Amyl Nitrile glass ampoules ( poppers )and carrying it in their pockets for a quckie ( anal sex ) in dark corners of parks and adult movie hall toilets. Amyl Nitrile capsules are crushed and sniffed and this cause an IMMEDIATE  relaxation of the anal sphincter muscles which allow easy penile entry without too much of pain ( bleeding ). 

These poppers also expands blood vessels and  increase heart rate for the euphoric state. These perverts are  more orgasmic oriented, as opposed to pleasuring someone. . Before Amyl Nitrate came on the scene( to prevent painful anal fissures and ulcers ) in the gay community there was no AIDS. 

Inhaled nitrites  interact freely with endogenous trivalent nitrogen compounds to produce carcinogenic nitrosamines. Virtually all the early homosexual patients later diagnosed with AIDS had used poppers. Nitrites act on blood vessels, the site of KS, AIDS-related KS [Kaposi’s Sarcoma]  and are known to be mutagenic.  

AIDS CAME ALONG BECAUSE AMYL NITRITE POPPERS ARE IMMUNO SUPPRESSIVE.. 




When the Supreme court struck down the High Court order, this was the standard response of the big brother controlled main stream media.

We welcome the stand taken by the Congress and its Cabinet ministers and AAP and hopes that the government moves quickly to reverse the SC judgment.

Homosexuality  is no longer treated as a disease or a disorder. There is near unanimous medical, psychiatric opinion that it is just another expression of human sexuality.

The announcement was met by worldwide shock and revulsion, and clamorous protests immediately rang out from New York to Noida to Nagpur..

Like their counterparts all over the wired world, India's younger generation stands for freedom of choice and tolerance in all matters, including sexuality .

The   law   also   denies  to  a  gay  citizen the freedom of expression, the right to assert choices.(Hey, how about marrying your dog ? )

It takes away personal autonomy, the right to live one’s life on one’s own terms without fear or shame. A  law  which  is  so  fundamentally  flawed  and  discriminatory  in  its  operation  violates the  most  fundamental  of  rights  guaranteed by the Constitution ~ the right to life under Article 21

Thousands of children are waiting for adoption, and it would be better for them to be adopted by a homosexual couple than to remain in an orphanage ( hey- so that both the gay partners can ,make the child apply vacuum on their diseased dongs covered with cold sores ? )

In Spain, a country of 46 million inhabitants, there are about 3,100 homosexual marriages each year. India must give such freedom to minorities .

Adoption by same-sex couples is legal in 14 countries.  It is a total disgrace, as all know that these perverts can never nurture a child and give parental love.

When white lesbians adopt a third world girl child statistics show that the child girl gets her periods very early before the age of 9, while her twin sister in a third world country with the biological parents would get periods AFTER the age of 14.  I shall dedicate a full post on this later on.

The absence of male and female role models during a child's development could cause maladjustment. The child gets traumatized and even the DNA gets warped. 

Big brother controlled  American Psychological Association has supported adoption by same-sex couples, citing social prejudice as harming the psychological health of lesbians and gays while noting there is no evidence that their parenting causes harm. 

Every poll on the subject “should gay couples should be allowed to adopt” is rigged by Big brother using his owned media.



For saying what I say below I may be branded as a bigot – so be it.  I would rather be a bigot than support something absolutely immoral and inhuman.

This is on the subject of gay couple adopting children, which desh drohis like Amarta Sen has been supporting.

Allowing homosexuals to adopt children is morally wrong. Children are not toys or pets.  

Gay adoption = incestual child abuse. 

The history of the gay rights movement is too deeply interwoven with the cause of liberation of pedophilia and, from 1972 it includes numerous attempt to the repeal of all age consent laws.

In some schools in Europe Father's and Mother's day have been cancelled on big brother’ orders – this is just too much.

Homosexuality is a sick choice, just like being a pedophile. A gay is sexually attracted to the same sex while a pedophile is sexually attracted to kids.

Being gay is a “choice” ( sic !), therefore when these creeps chose to be homosexuals and have anal sex they also chose to give up the ability to create a life.    Let small children stay innocent. Why allow their innocent lives to be infiltrated by perversion and  filth.

It's unfair to the child to deprive him of what he deserves just to make yourself happy or to prove a point. Two women may both make great mums, but neither can ever be a dad. Two men may both make great dads, but neither can ever be a mum.

Creeps have sex with animals, men have sex with other men and women have sex with other women. Do we really need to bring in kids into that lifestyle?

Studies have shown that a child residing in a homosexual household deviates from a child residing in a heterosexual household. They differ in attitudes, sexuality, responsibility and choices.

Gay adoption affects the child emotionally. Statistics show that daughters raised in lesbian households are more likely to partake in lesbian activity..  This is a vile act of pure selfishness. 
When have these  perverted gays have ever been unselfish?  

It's their choice to live together, and have tongue sessions and anal sex together , but it's totally selfish to want to adopt a child

There is a limit to where personal liberties end, and a line has to be etched on rock.  These gay  couples clearly opted out from wanting to procreate Let them adopt a pet instead and leave innocent children alone so that they can grow up in healthy environments.

Just because two same sex people want to mesh their sexual organs together shouldn't allow them special rights to whatever they want. The fact remains that a big percentage of the law makers are gays or bought up by gays or big brother with his depopulation agenda for the New World Order..




Homosexual marriage and adoption are promiscuous and lust oriented.  When have the gays ever known real love?   Statistics have revealed that that gay couples are more violent, less stable, and more prone to incest that heterosexual couples.

Each child has the intrinsic human right to a father and a mother. Legislation should be written from the perspective of the innocent child not that of a specific group of people driven by perversion and lust. 

Gays should allowed to adopt children only over 18 years, so that the child too has a choice. .  If they chose to bring somebody to live with them , its need to be over 18 where they can decide if this want to live in this kind of perverted and debauched household, with vermin ridden anal dildos and KY jelly lying around. 

Children are not objects for debauched adult consumption. The only time gay people should be able to adopt is when the adopted person is able to say yes and know the unnatural lifestyle of they creepy parents. Do not force a small child into the unnatural lifestyle you chose for yourself.

Small children need positive role models of both sexes in order to reach their full potential. Childhood is the most precious of human commodities, and a child must not be exploited.  To be honest which child wants to have gay parents? Why force that on them?

Much of the research done about gay marriage is done by pro-gay scientists, that skew the results to make them look favorable to their side.  Two gays cannot parent as efficiently as a man and a woman can.



Gay couples don't have the right to bend natural law to their own self serving behaviour, and then expect the natural couples to say that's ok—or rather have the paid up media do false propaganda .
Children have a right to natural parents - they are not a right for gay parents.

Children learn by example.  If children see two men together servicing each other orally or anally which is bound to happened as both parents are creeps , they  are more likely choose to be homosexual.  If you cannot make a child naturally, you should not adopt—as simple as that.

What is natural about two men or two women having sex?  The child is going to have a real sad and rough life.  

The foreign funded Indian media are trying to make this as  one of the biggest issues in our country for the 0.0087% of people who are gay.  Hey, let's focus on the other 99.999%. 

The best punishment is to send all these gays on an island , where they terminate their line, which went on for since antiquity.

When a child does not get a the chance to know how a man and a women fit together, they will never get the chance to know how a normal family works.

Don’t you feel for a small boy who has NO right to choice , like their perverted gay parents who adopted him.

There is NO shred of evidence in the animal kindgdom where a heterosexual animal couple entrusts a child or an infant to another homosexual couple.  God create man and women for each other, not men for men or women for women.

95% of those abused individuals go on to repeat the abuse suffered by them. So are we just feeding into the cycle of deviant behavior by allowing those acts to continue?

Children of gay parents who were adopted have some of the highest rates of teen pregnancies and contraction of veneral disease.

A child raised in a homosexual family is more likely to end up choosing to be homosexual than a normal child would.  To produce a child you need a man and a woman, that's the natural way. Which poor real parent will want his or her child to be adopted by gays?


Children are a blessing that comes from God and they should only be raised by a mother and father. Children navigate developmental stages more easily, are more solid in their gender identity, perform better academically, have fewer emotional disorders, and become better functioning adults when reared within their natural family.

Gays and their godfathers have no right to spoil a child's future just to satisfy their whims and fancies. When a child does not get the chance to know how a man and a women fit together, they will never get the chance to know how a normal family works. A child needs a role model of both sexes in an ideal upbringing.

Sorry, nobody buys the lie that the homosexuals have a right to a child, when naturally thye simply don't. Is there NO violation of children’s rights applicable here. 

Putting innocent children who don't know right from wrong, or understand the foundations our culture is built on, into a situation that will set them up for heartbreak and abuse as they get older, is downright immoral. 

Homosexuality is a deviant behavior, therefore, homosexuals should not be allowed to adopt children and teach them that homosexuality is acceptable.

Homosexuals teach children that it's alright to be gay—this is what we hear every day on TV too, right? We have the waitress, akkal ka dushma, Arvind Kejriwal , Barkha Dutt, Karan Thapar, Rajdeep Sardesai and his pea brained wife Sagarika Ghose etc telling us this .

90% of gays were raped or molested when they were children, and people who have been raped or molested as a child have a higher probability in adulthood to molest children.

Children of homosexual parents will encounter rejection, embarrassment, and humiliation by the time they are in their teens, when they will see their friends and classmates having a home with a mom and a dad. They will be maladjusted due to society. 

Two males or two females cannot raise a child with a balanced view on life and its dynamics . Children deserve both a mother and a father, to deny them is against their rights

We live in an extremely politically correct society, where people are afraid to say anything for fear of being accused of prejudice . When you tell the truth about gays you are called a fundamentalist..

The institution of marriage has been defined as between a man and a woman. Two perverted men have no biological right to rear children together.

Innocent children first, perverted gay couples (with cold sores filled with vermin) second !


A lot of dead celebrities have been converted by big brother controlled media to be gay, see dead men tell no tales.  Ancient Hindu law books, categorize non-vaginal sex (ayoni) as impure, never mind what Triple Sri tells.

83% of the reported victims of child sexual abuse by Catholic clergy were young boys.

A perverted creep Ashok Row Kavi, is a Mumbai-based activist and chairman of the Humsafar Trust, a homosexual community-based organization and is a great favourite of TV channels like NDTV and CNN IBN.

Section 377 does not criminalise homosexuality. You cannot be arrested for being gay. But you can be arrested for engaging in non-peno-vaginal sex.

NACO ( National AIDS control Org ) has cited statistics to show that 8 per cent of the gay population in India is afflicted with HIV/AIDS compared to one per cent of the general population. NACO has also said that Section 377 pushes the issue of AIDS underground. 

So they agree that gays are prone to AIDS.

In 1307, FALSE accusations of sodomy and homosexuality were major charges leveled by the Pope during the Trial of the Knights Templar—just because they started to pray to a pagan god discarding the bible .


Punch into Google search-

SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS VADAKAYIL

By now after nearly 800 posts my readers would have figured out, that Capt Ajit Vadakayil is NOT a dimwit.

NOW, TIME TO BREAK A BOMBSHELL.

ALL GAYS ARE PSYCHOPATHS .

PERIOD !!

Most gays expose their genitals subtly to young minor boys.  This is a mental sickness . 

Most gays grope young boys in crowded public transport. Don’t give the excuse that this is normal or due to an uncontrollable urge. 

When you have such urges you can always jerk off and release your rocks. The need to put his penis into an orifice meant to defecate is a mental sickness.

Oral sex is used in the cold west countries by women on man to draw blood into the penis ( by vacuum ) and get it erect for normal sex.  

In India due to our spices in the food we eat we do NOT need oral sex to get a hard on. We do remember in our late teens we literally had a hard on throughout the day. 

We did NOT try to shove the erect penis , it into a orifice meant for taking a crap. We did NOT feel the need to expose our erect dongs to other people passing by.

There is a cure for homosexuality in Yoga.  

The MMM of Hindu king mantra produces the magic molecule Nitric oxide.  

So does Agnihotra.  

So does Pranayama.

Punch into Google search-

PRANAYAMA VADAKAYIL
and
NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL


There are several other methods — I will keep it for myself as for now.

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO READ A WIFE'S ORDEAL , BELOW.


My husband lied about loving me

My husband was arrested for indecently exposing himself to young men. He stopped in a public restroom to use the facilities and then confronted a young man to show him his genitals. The young man was scared. He punched my husband and ran away. My husband ran away too....but the young man got his license number and a few hours later we were in the police station. My husband vehemently denied that the accusations were true and that he'd never seen the young man before.

My husband grew up in a small little Midwest town. He was one of two children to his farming parents. His older sibling was more than 12 years older than him, and his parents were in their early forties when he came along. He held very good jobs in the community and was a respected member of a Freewill Baptist Church. He met and married me, in that same little town. We brought two beautiful daughters into the world and were very happy, or so I thought anyway.

Now, our lives were going to change in ways we had never even thought about. After he  said the accusations of assault weren't true and fought hard to make everyone believe him, he confessed to me that it was indeed true. There were other events of assault and exposure where he narrowly escaped being caught.

This totally, mentally, disabled me. I had always been able to handle anything. I once was the victim of a bank robbery and managed to get through it with no problems, after being held hostage for some time. That was nothing compared to this new injury to my heart and soul. Every fiber of my being was damaged. I had such a deep, passionate love for him and now I didn't know who it was I had loved. I had two children with him. I had no idea there was a problem.

Once I confided in some close friends what had happened in my life, more damage came my way. They knew! They all knew, but couldn't find a way to tell me. One of them was married to a police officer and had heart about the fact that they were watching Joe, my husband, and that they just didn't have that one little piece of evidence to arrest him until the assault in the restroom. I heard stories of how they had reports of him driving up to a man on the street and exposing himself and try to get the man in his car. But, no one ever had the license number correct.

My husband said he was sick. He didn't know why he had a desire to show men his private parts and to see there's. He didn't understand why pleasuring himself was better than having an intimate encounter with his wife. He said he needed God's help, and as a Christian wife, it was my duty to stick by him and help him through this. So, I tired.

I sat at home night after night, waiting for him to arrive home from a visit with his psychiatrist. He'd get home late, and when I asked where he was, he'd say he just went for a drive. I was upset, because that was when problems began for him, while he was out driving around. He would just smile. He told me the doctor had helped him to understand that he wasn't sick, but that this was a choice. So, I asked him if he'd had sex with a man. His answer was no,but by now I wasn't sure I believed him. He did admit that he'd thought about it. I thought our next move would be to go to couples counseling, but he didn't want that, because there was nothing to fix, in his opinion. He tried very hard to convince me that if I would just let him explore this thing and see if it is really what he wanted, it would be for the best.

How was I to live with a man that I wasn't sure was heterosexual? He claimed he still loved me and wanted to be with me. He didn't want our family to know what was going on or our children. More days of therapy and he was getting worse. He wasn't going to be the man I wanted him to be. And, likewise, I couldn't be the woman he wanted me to be. He wanted me to cover for him. He wanted the pretty little picture of the happy family, along with exploring what it would be like to have a man in his life too.

Finally, he did something I just could not believe. Now, mind you, all this time, I too was seeing a therapist, who was trying to convince me that none of this was my fault. She worked with my feelings of guilt, and tried to tell me how useless they were. I became very depressed, unable to sleep or eat. It was very hard. So, my husband came home one night, after being out looking for a job, so he said, and he had a man in the car with him. I saw them pull up in the driveway. Joe came in alone first. He tried very hard to convince me that if I would just let him show me how happy this man made him, that, if I loved him, I too, would be happy for him. How crazy was that? Happy for him! What about me? I was so angry. I said "NO" and told him to get out. He said he was not leaving and that he loved me and our kids.

I went to the phone and called my brother and told him that I might need help. I did this while Joe went out to the car. I figured he'd tell the guy I said no and he'd take him home, But No! He brought him in our house! Oh my God! It was bad enough the way the entire situation was, but then I realized the man was one of the police officers who had arrested him. He was someone I knew was married and his wife was pregnant, and here he was wanting to be 'with' my husband in front of me! This was too much.

I bolted for the bedroom. Now, this was nearly 9pm and my kids were both in bed. I reached up in the closet and retrieved a rifle we had. The shells were kept in our night stand, so, with rifle in arms, I went to the bedside to get the shells. About that time, Joe came into the bedroom and saw me. He lunged across the bed and grabbed the gun from me. When he did, he hit my nose, braking it and blood spurted everywhere. We both had our hands on the gun, and I had two shells in one of my hands. We wrestled and eventually he got it away from me and pinned me to the bed. He had a glazed look in his eyes as he held me down so tight I couldn't move. I kicked him and spit on him and fought as hard as I could, but he was too strong for me. 

He hit me several times, and all the while he still kept insisting he loved me. Finally, I gave up fighting a bit and he got me up off the bed and pushed me into our closet. He locked me in and I couldn't get out. We had louvered doors so I could see a little, but I was afraid of making a lot of noise because my two precious little girls were just in the next room sleeping and I didn't want them to see this. After a few minutes, he brought his policeman friend into our bedroom. There, locked in a closet for nearly eight hours, I heard the sounds of my husband and his male friend having sex in our bed. I was sick, to say the least.

The next morning, about 6am, he unlocked the door and there I was......dried blood all over me and the clothes I had pulled down, most of which were his. He just stared at me. I just stared at him. I was trying to remain calm. I came out and began changing my clothes to get ready for work. All the time I was doing this, he was whimpering about loving me and how sorry he was that I couldn't understand, and how it would all be okay. No, it wouldn't be okay. What kind of person locks his wife in the closet while he has sex with a man? What did he expect me to do? Did he really think I was going to go along with him? I had thought my husband was homosexual, or at least bi-sexual, but now, I knew there was something more going on. The thing I knew the most was that I had to get away from him. The kids were waking up and he went to get them. I quickly got a laundry basket and began filling it with my clothes.

When he came back to my bedroom and saw me packing, he immediately began arguing with me and told me if I was leaving that I couldn't take the children.  Well, that wasn't going to happen.  No way was I leaving my children and not with him.  So, we began fighting again, and almost the same things happened all over again.  I got hold of the rifle again and he wrestled it away from me.  This time I had such a grip on it that when he pulled it away, he caused my collar bone to fracture.  Just about the instant that happened, someone rang our doorbell.  Joe immediately grabbed me to keep me from going to the door.  Both of our daughters were standing in my bedroom doorway crying.  I screamed and my brother broke down our living room door and came into the bedroom.  He threw Joe up against the wall and told me to get my things and my kids and get out of the house, which I did.

This was the beginning of a nightmare.  The next months were very hard for me.  I left all I had and was living out of a laundry in a bedroom at my brother's house with two children.  I immediately filed for a divorce.  I had to get help from a therapist to make it through the entire thing.  The next year would be hell trying to recover from loosing someone I loved so deeply and learning to live as a single parent.

To shorten this story, I will tell you that we got divorced.  I lived in the same town as him for 3 years and he had visitation with the children.  In the 4th year, he molested both of my kids and I found myself in and out of courts with him constantly.  Finally, when his attorney had our case thrown out on a technicality, I knew, as much as I didn't want to go, I had to move away from him to keep sane and to keep my kids safe.  So I did.  I moved 6 states away and began a new life.

Looking back now, after years of therapy and finally finished raising my children, was he gay?  I don't believe he was or is gay.  I have some gay friends and they don't do the things he did and most likely still does.  Is he crazy?  Probably.  I believed he was mentally ill.  He agreed at one point to have a very detailed psychiatric exam and testing.  The results came in and he was described as being a "psycho-sexual maniac, and that with years of intense therapy, he most likely would not change".  Furthermore, he had pedophile tendencies and was undoubtedly narcissistic.  Was he a psychopath?  I think so, and I think he still it one.

Since I divorced him, he has had many male lovers; been arrested nine times for sexual related crimes. He finally put on this 'show' that he had been 'healed' by God.  He met a woman and married her and had two more children withher.  It was insane!  And, yep, you probably guessed it, he molested both of them, and is now separated from that wife.  What makes a man do this?  He is so afraid of the public seeing him for what he really is that he will do anything to make folks think he is a normal heterosexual male, and sneak around trying to expose himself to men, or have sexual relationships with them, or chase down some young boy while wearing women's clothing and expose himself to them also.

I have since learned that there are many women who have had their husbands destroy their marriage because of him wanting to be with a young man.

I guess I am lucky that I survived him and life as a single parent.  I have two lovely children who are married and have wonderful families.  I have been blessed with 7 grandchildren.  Joe is not a part of our lives and never has been since I moved away from him four years after our divorce.  I can only think that God had his hands on us all the time to have lived through this.


In the perverted west a big percentage of public toilet have GAY GLORY HOLES  with the sponsorship of the government ( lobbied up by big brother) , who wants to encourage this EXTREME gay perversion.

When the gay perverts see a school boy approaching the toilet , these  gays toss a coin or fight with each other , to go to the adjacent toilet and put their penis though this hole.

It is so easy to put hidden cams and catch these perverts.   But the government is in cahoots.

Very soon you will have AAP, Congress  and the moth eaten faces coming on TV , that GLORY HOLES are a matter of free choice- human rights,  human spirit, human love , freedom afforded by the Indian constitution BLAH BLAH BLAH.

How easily they quote the Indian constitution to baffle us.

Punch into google search-

GLORY HOLE WIKIPEDIA

Below: We will NOT allow this debauchery in India.



I had read an account written by a US policeman where a father went crazy when his young teenaged son broke the news that he is gay and that his first gay experience was via a glory hole in a dirty public toiler .  

He went around going to all these glory hole toilets with a lighter cigar and he stubbed his lit cigar on the tips of these protruding penises ( it causes most excruciating pain ).  



For many months the glory hole habit was abandoned in that neck of the woods  – till the gays got together and got this tough vigilante father arrested by a gay policeman.

The brain of a psychopath shows limited activity in the regions responsible for empathy. Hence the reason, they need to pray on young children. Pedophile are the people who got caught preying on same sex or opposite sex.

Psychopaths Lack Empathy as their brains do not process the consequences of pain-unless it crosses the pain barrier  (like glowing cigarstubbed  on tip of penis ).

So these people still cannot stop what they are doing despite being bashed up and exposes.  They are capable of inflicting pain emotionally to others and never regret their actions. One of the common traits of psychopaths is that they are very charismatic and assertive with excellent communication skills and are capable of manipulating people and situations. 

These superficial skills are often mistaken to be leadership qualities. This takes them to top positions in corporate world before their self-centered, dominant and unremorseful character is revealed.  

The decreased activity in ventromedial prefrontal cortex and amygdala of their brains hinder their ability to process the emotions and empathize with people in pain. This in turn affects their ability to evaluate the consequences and make decisions. 


Couple of months ago, the 105th and current Archbishop of Canterbury Most Most Reverend Justin Welby yesterday warned leaders of the Church of England that they must learn to accept the sexual revolution over gay rights. 

His mother was crypto Jew Jane Gillian (née Portal) had been Jew Winston Churchill's ( whose mother Jenny Jerome is Rothschild ) PA.  Welby's paternal grandfather was a German Jew. In 1984 Welby he became "treasurer" of the oil exploration group Enterprise Oil PLC in London, where he was mainly concerned with stealing oil from West African countries. 

At his first press conference the Archbishop Welby spoke out strongly against homophobia and stated that he is "always averse to the language of exclusion, when what we are called to is to love in the same way as Jesus Christ loves us." He also said “I know I need to listen very attentively to the LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, and Transgender) communities, and examine my own thinking prayerfully and carefully.

“Prayfully” is a new one TEE HEEEEE !

Oh Yeah the gays are prayfully putting their dongs into as$holes.

Justin Welby tells Christians to 'repent' over the way gay and lesbian people have been treated


The white man has hardly realized the gruesome enormity of interracial cuckolding, where white husbands allow their wives to have brutal perverted sex with well hung blacks.  Or she will threaten divorce ( for NOT pleasing her on bed ) and steal half his money as alimony.  

Below: FREE CHOICE-- she wants a huge unwashed dong of the black handyman -- NOT the clean tiny pink willie of her husband ( and father of her children ). 


99% of these white woman do it in the absence of their cuckold husband— twosomes and threesomes.  

Were these women born this way? 

Hell no !



India must follow the lead of Putin and take on this evil Zionist Cabal .  

We must stigmatize homosexuality, “gay marriage” and restore heterosexual marriage to its traditional privileged role in our culture. 

It is NOT too late.

We Indians must make a list of these NEW WORLD ORDER STOOGES who support the Zionist Cabal for a few pieces of silver.   

Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford.   Magsaysay awards are given to DESH DROHIS – we know of Arvind Kejriwal,  Manish Sisodia,  Anna Hazare,  Kiran Bedi etc




Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.


Evolution did not intend that the rectal cavity meant to eject waste to be used  as a sexual orifice.




CLICK ON LOAD MORE SO MORE COMMENTS AFTER THE 200TH COMMENT. 


Grace and peace ! ( put your headphones on )-- LORD KRISHNA 4000 BC

BLOW YOUR MIND !


prasanna vadanaam
saubhaagyadaam bhaagyadaam
hastaabhyaam abhayapradaam maniganair-
naanaavidhair-bhuushhitaam



who is of smiling face, bestower of all fortunes,
whose hands are ready to rescue anyone from fear,
who is adorned by various ornaments with precious stones



Puer natus est nobis,
et filius datus est nobis:
cujus emperium super humerum...
For to us a child is born,



to us a son is given:
and the government will be upon his shoulder..
Some day you came
And I knew you were the one
You were the rain, you were the sun
But I needed both, cause I needed you
You were the one
I was dreaming of all my life
When it is dark you are my light
But don't forget
Who's always our guide

It is the child in us
********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************

********************************************************************