GRIT IN YOUR PERCEPTION APPARATUS , PROJECT CAMELOT  –  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




One of my readers wanted to know about PROJECT CAMELOT.

This issue is too small for the comment column.  

So here I am giving space as a full post.



Project Camelot was  US Army project a couple of decades ago . The whole idea is to slow down the reactions of pissed off people (due to lack of governance and corruption ) by constantly feeding them with bull and false propaganda.

One of the methods is to get whistle blowers on TV.

They will initially speak the truth.  Once the people have accepted these whistle blowers as credible , later on they churn out disinformation and put fog in people’s minds and fill it up with endless nonsense and mystification .  

People get totally baffled , what the hell is happening ?



The internet is full of such fake interviews of say- “Niburu coming with Annunaki warriors” -- false but spectacular allegations  and petty dramas , BLAH BLAH.   

Even three weeks full of Sachin Tendulkar was just one of this.  The Thorium mega scam- nay -mother of all scams , is still under wraps .

People come on TV overnight and become celebrities — like Anna Hazare.

History has been full of such people—like how Gandhi got imported from South Africa.  Yeah—Gandhi whom even the queen was afraid of – we believe it .  

Now Kerjriwal is being projected as future PM by stooges like national advisor and self-conferred youth icon Chetan Bhagat, who pushes the NWO.

Conferences  and seminars are organized by disinformation merchants—who churn out National awards . 

They attack established names accusing them of being 'agents provocateurs', and baiting them into endlessly defending themselves, thereby wasting their time, energy and eroding their motivation in their noble mission— 

--  an example is Baba Ramdev being accused of Rothschild Communist agent Brinda Karat of mixing human body parts in his life saving organic herbal medicines. 

Since Ramdev mentioned the dreaded R name in a meeting dozens of false cases have been slapped on him, he was detained and insulted in England , and his brother is on the run.

People like Amish Tripati,  Arundhati Roy , Chetan Bhagat , Devdutt Patnaik etc suddenly pop out from nowhere.  

HASBARA agents praise them on newspaper comments and the Internet.  

Fake polls are held.  

If somebody praises a desh bhakt like Modi his comment is spammed by agents ..  

They accumulate a string of 'names' as writers and radio guests with moth eaten faces to add to the appearance of credibility.  

People like Mahesh Mullah Bhatt ,  Kabir Bedi  and his daughter,  Shobhaa De ( gay rights), Amartya Sen,  Pritish Nandy ( Mr Savita Bhabi ) etc  etc misdirect people to nebulous areas of speculation, fantastic wild claims, and unfounded,  fictional topics.  

Now we have a SNOOP GATE on Modi baffling all and sundry with fake witnesses and taped conversations popping up.

Hey, what about Teesta Setalvad and John Dayal producing fake witnesses out of thin air?

What about Oommen Chandy , AK Antony and they Syrian Christian godfather of Malayalam vernacular media, who stalled our cryogenic rocket program by putting a brilliant scientist Nambinarayanan in jail?



Tea kettles don't explode because they have a blowing whistle on them that blows off steam when the temperature of the water rises.

Here in this case sinister agencies put "social control valves" of various kinds on the societal tea kettle so that when society begins to get pissed off at the rampant, malignant corruption in government, the societal tea kettle simply blows off steam through the "whistle" thingy instead of exploding in social unrest and a popular uprising.

 So, the "whistle blower" gambit deflect people's attention from more serious matters by rendering people into passive observers of dramas that others stage for them to observe, as opposed to concretely, personally organizing their own direct social activity in policy areas that concern them. 

Was Sachin Tendulkar so important to occupy all TV news channels for 3 weeks?  When only nine and a half countries on this planet play cricket?

The batting averages of Jacques Kallis is more than Tendulkar’s in Tests and ODIs.  Plus he is a strike bowler and excellent fielder which Tendulkar is not.  

Bharat Ratna Sachin who is being built up larger than life, will soon advise the nation on every single thing --like Chetan Bhagat.



The people must be kept  passive, unquestioningly obedient, ignorant, compliant,  dumbed-down, just revenue-producing slave units.

There is a lot of rubbish out there on the internet.  

There are a vast multitude of deceptions and confusion masquerading as a mystery that you desire to decode and occupy your mind.  

You are dealing with information from evil forces . Every time you put together bits of their false puzzle, they make up new puzzle pieces.  

You'll never put it together and you're not supposed to.  Your ego will be fed so that you firmly believe that you are Sherlock Holmes a decoder of secrets.

Do we need rabble rousing moral activists?



You must remember that the Crusades which killed millions was triggered by a unkempt barefooted monk.

Punch into Google search-
SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS  VADAKAYIL

Below: Peter the hermit-- the rabble rouser ( NO ! he did NOT fast at the drop of a hat ).




And what is all this Magsaysay award winners whom foreign funded Arvind Kejriwal wanted to act as judges and arbitrators along with Nobel prize winners like Amartya Sen for JANLOKPAL.

Kejriwal wanted the foreign funded TROJAN HORSE NGOs to be kept away from the purview of Janlokpal.

Can he deny all this?  It is recorded on video and etched on our spleens.

Now suddenly AAP wants the Russian Kundankulam Nuclear plant to be shut down ( not required for Amerian Jaitapur Nuclear plant ) and Kashmir to be given away ( Prashant Bhushan got slapped for this. )

I was forced to reveal that Jayaprakash Narayan is a CIA agent —  and a god fell by the wayside.



Do NOT trust Magsaysay award winners.

Wanna know of a person who got Magsaysay award twice?

He was a Rothschild stooge with a British first wife .  This knighted SIR was India’s Finance Minister.  He was a Bretton Woods when IMF was given birth .  

IMF would NOT give India a loan to buy wheat from USA unless this Rothschild’s stooge and ex-employee became Finance Minister in Nehru’s cabinet.

Same way IMF would NOT given loan to Indian unless Manmohan Singh was made Finance minister .

Punch into Google search-
MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL

Below : Critical thinking gets diluted .



I have written about a certain SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh.

Perception determines how a person responds to the world.  This means there is no reality- only perception. This is why people all over the world get fooled by clever advertisements and branding. 

However, the more you already know about a topic, the harder it is for anyone to mislead or misinform you.

Our perceptions are colored by our beliefs, expectations and experiences. Perception determines reality but at the same time your "perception" of reality does not mean that it is indeed reality... it is just your reality. 



What we perceive as being true is often conditionally true rather than empirically true. The essence of leading, managing, marketing and selling is coming to grips with people's perceptions.

Truth is absolute. Perceptions of truth are relative. Therefore, facts, which are perceptions of truth, are relative. Truth is singular and perceptions plural. Truth cannot be defined; it can only be experienced and lived. 



All our knowledge is the offspring of our perceptions. Perception is  more like a reflection of reality than reality itself.

Any passing comment or trivial statements can have a devastating effect on our subconscious mind because it is not argumentative or analytical. It accepts all statements directly on the face value.


When you get a message on foreign funded TVs  “ Do you think Team Anna must form a new political party,  to fight corruption in India— answer in YES or NO,  by giving missed call to this number 123456789. “ be very careful.

This is one way to know who all can be called on to the streets for mass scale flash protests , to pull down a lawfully elected government, so that the wheels of governance grinds to a halt..

Virtue words like anti-corruption, truth,  freedom , peace, our way of life,  etc are such easy platforms to ask such YES/ NO questions and polarize perceptions.



Being naïve , you will send a missed call YES.  Now your number is in the call list of potential revolutionaries in a computer which can send mass SMS messages.

Don’t get polarized by such message schemes.  Example:  “ Do you think as an Indian Muslim, the Babri Masjid incident and Godhra riots are good or bad—please send a missed call to 123456789 saying YES/ NO.   Again this is a fear/ discontent  platform .

This is the age of mis-information.   PR and propaganda is interchangeable.   When US put embedded CNN reporters in every army unit during the Iraq war , you must understand that these are not truth reporters— rather they are PROFESSIONAL  LIE MANUFACTURERS,  who are trained by psychologists to reshape reality.   They are trained to manufacture content.

You have no idea how you can get  carried away by such vague  branding logos like “just do it” , “I am loving it”,  “yes, we can”  etc .  




Do NOT allow evil forces to throw grit into your perception apparatus.

 

Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford. 




Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.

One of my readers says that his new year resolution is to do SURYANAMASKAR –excellent resolution,  I must say  !

Punch into Google search-
SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION VADAKAYIL.

Above post is No 1 among downloads from my 800 odd posts.  96% are these are foreigners.
Now take in a deep breath – let go.



HAPPY NEW YEAR ! 

HAVE A BLAST  !!


WISH YOU AND YOUR FAMILIES A DELIGHTFUL AND HEALTHY 2014.




CLICK ON LOAD MORE SO MORE COMMENTS AFTER THE 200TH COMMENT.

Grace and peace!
*********************************************************************
ROAD RAGE , WHEN YOUR AMYGDALA HIJACKS YOUR EMOTIONS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ROAD RAGE , WHERE AMYGDALA TAKES OVER FROM THE NEOCORTEX , IMMATURITY BEHIND THE WHEEL , FALSE CONCEPT OF WINNER AND LOSER   - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Recently I gave a lift to one of my friends.  He took out my Bruyere pipe from the dash board ( which I used quarter century ago)  and asked me what tobacco I use.

I said “ I used to smoke Captain Black’s flavoured tobacco before.  But now this pipe is NOT for smoking, but to act as a pacifier when I feel road rage consuming me .  



It always works PUFF PUFF “.



I am sure he did NOT believe me for he had a nice laugh , about an old guy with a pacifier..

Well I was NOT joking.  I was dead serious.



Just last week I started thinking about road rage when I flew into an instant rage from inside my stationary car.

This means motion , “need for speed” etc had nothing to do with it. 

It was about somebody virtually assaulting my personal space with a blaring horn.   It had to do with my reptilian instincts , and that meant my amygdala was involved.

I had stopped at a cart vendor to buy some mangoes. In order that my wife does NOT have to get out of the car in a drizzle, I stopped ahead of a parked car and then reversed leaving about 4 feet space from my rear bumper to the other car’s front bumper.

Pretty soon I heard a honk and this meant that the driver of the car astern of me was trying to attract my attention.  When I looked back he signaled using his hand to move ahead so that he can take his car off on to the road.  

But I  noticed that he had 30 feet of free  space behind his car.

My wife knew that if the man honks again, I will step out of my car to “bell the bad cat”.  So she held on for dear life , to my arm .

The guy honked again—this time multiple honks with very little space between them.

I just shook of my wife’s clutch and got off the car.


A guy bigger than me ,  probably 4 years younger with a HUGE handlebar mustache was in the driver’s seat of a SUV —one of the military colonel types by his golf cap and body language.

So I asked him “ What is your problem , buddy?”

He tells me “ Move your car ahead , I need to take out my car . You parked in front of me . I parked here first . So you have to move your car “.

I asked him “ Are you aware that you have 30 feet space behind your car?’

Our man responds “ I do NOT reverse my car once I come out of my house “.

My first impulse was to grab him by his huge whiskers— but then he had grey hair and looked respectable . More over my wife was keeping a hawk’s eye using the rear view mirror .

So I quickly removed his SUV keys.

Then I told him  “ I have just decided to teach you a lesson .   If you want you can step out and snatch the keys from my back pocket .   Let us rough it out maan , come on ” – I egged him on .

The guy started threatening me with dire consequences -  he will do this  , he will do that,  he wants my home address-- BLAH BLAH .

So I showed him my tattoo and said  “ Ask the first policeman you meet about a guy with obscene tattooed biceps and, a grey pirate beard   — they will bring you to my home themselves in the police jeep .   This is my neck of the woods—  apnaich mohalla hai “.

Then I handed back his keys and advised him --

“ You must cut short your handle bar moustache to size.   You are what I call small caliber big bore.    If you have such a terror invoking handle bar moustache,  make sure you have the physical capability and guts to back it up .   Now buzz off by reversing your car,  before I drag you by your nostrils out of your car and kick your ass .   FU#K OFF YOU DRIPPIN’ C#NT !”.

When I came back to my car, mE wife gave me a piece of her mind . ( Don’t ask me how many pieces  OK? )   She had heard everything as her sense of hearing is very sharp.

She asked me  “ What if that big guy had thrown a punch ?”

I did NOT reply.

But , you see , IF is a very pregnant word.   IF your auntie had balls she could be your uncle, right?.

Well, I am NOT proud of that incident at all. 

But then I forced  a LORD FU#KLAND type of guy to use the reverse gear of his car.  And that was a good deed ,  in mE book. 




Road rage is an uncontrolled aggressive response by a driver of an road automobile . 

Such behavior usually includes  rude and obscene gestures,  loud verbal insults,  deliberately driving in an unsafe or threatening manner, or making retribution threats . 

Road rage can lead to altercations, physical assaults, and deliberate collisions that result in injuries and even death.

The term road rage was coined in USA in 1988.

Road rage  fuelled behavior includes  aggressive driving -- sudden acceleration, braking, close tailgating , cutting off , deliberately preventing overtaking  , flashing head lights , sounding horn excessive , showing the “up yours” middle finger etc – in an attempt to “take on “ the other driver.

Some road rage consumed drivers exit their car to start a physical confrontation—some even strike or kick the other car with an assault object. 

Remember once you exit your car ,  and there are witnesses to your overly aggressive behavior you may lose your driving license, spend some time in jail or get sued heavily for assault.

Most of such drivers ( 96% ) and young ( less than 35 ) which shows the role of testesterone in road rage.

Alcohol has been associated when women are involved in road rage incidents.

Despite a clear evidence of a hormone disorder  defining "Road Rage" as a medical disorder will allow criminals to plead “ not guilty “ and provide them an excuse to shrug off.

Below: The raging bull? , the X Box warrior !



A feeling of revenge and retribution , “to teach a lesson”  to a guy who has “cut you off “ is always involved in road rage .  Some delusional ones even feel that they have been chosen to “bell this bad cat”.

One of the best way to avoid becoming a victim of "Road Rage" is to avoid responding and avoid making eye-contact.  Often it so transpires that what seems to be harassment may be a simple innocent mistake .   

Never  allow driving to become a competition.  Many times a higher priced car owner gets “humiliated” just because an inferior car with a better driver gets ahead of you. 

Excessive speed with poor braking causes more than 40% of all fatal road motor vehicle crashes.
The energy released in a collision at 60 kms per hour is 200%  greater than at 40 kms per hour , even though the speed has increased by only by 50%.

If you show aggressive anger , you must expect the other driver to give back as good as he got from you.  So it is simple-  avoid making other drivers angry by avoiding anger yourself.
Safe driving is all about good anticipation.  

There are many low IQ drivers on the road—remember this.  He is NOT busting your balls.  He is just trying to reach his destinations using his limited cerebral faculty.

Never drive  more than three hours without a short break. This allows some locked up stresses to be released.

Always signal well in advance when changing lanes.   Do NOT use your horn excessively to irritate .
Cooperate and don't compete on the road.

Don't take another's actions personally.  Everybody makes mistakes, and remember some drivers have poor intelligence.

Lock your doors – to prevent road rage consumed drivers from assaulting you or snatching away your keys or specs .

Remember , if you carry a weapon in your car, you will be forced to use it.  

Road rage is a dangerous phenomenon that can happen to anyone, either as a perpetrator or a victim.   It will be too late to regret once the situation has gone out of control.

Driving a car in heavy chaotic traffic is stressful , especially in India where people do NOT have road sense and a cat or a dog can pop up from any corner.



It is inherently dangerous even if  you are a very safe and level headed driver , as there are a lot different variables that you can't predict .

Someone challenges your manhood and you are forced to respond.  You do NOT get angry with stationary trees which have  popped up on your path, right?

The car is NOT the place to exhibit vigilante behavior and teach lesser erring mortals a lesson..

For many of you, with expensive are powerful cars , you imagine that you car is an extension of your personality.   Even a minor scratch on your car send you either into depression or an aggressive mode.

Driving might be an expression of freedom but such freedom with rage can send you to jail.

Road rage is a tendency to concentrate only on selfish needs while dismissing the communal and social aspect of driving.  Remember road rage is NOT a relief vent, like normal anger which forces you to be more constructive.

Road rage makes you give in to your  negative emotions.   Be aware of your emotional state  to that your do NOT screw up your choices.

The human mind is the combination of three brains, one of which is known as the reptilian brain and is similar to the brain found in reptiles.    




This part of the human mind,  which consists of the brainstem and cerebellum, is responsible for our sense of survival and the fight-or-flight reaction we have to fear and stress.  

Road-rage incidents stem from the stimulation of the reptilian mind -- a driver experiencing road rage feels threatened and responds aggressively to ensure his “survival”.   The reptilian brain is inflexible, compulsive, ritualistic and incapable of learning from previous screw-ups.



A typical road rage incident happens when at least one driver chooses to act out in anger. It takes to hands to clap — just ignore this road rage maniac.

Territoriality - like many animals, human beings react negatively when we feel our space is threatened by someone else.

One you are consumed by road rage you are in denial and there is absolute loss of objectivity , where you deliberately overlook your own faults and place the entire blame on others.



There must be an official hand signal or a light signal to to signal an apology to another driver. This is the way to move ahead .  If this law is NOT made urgently, we will suffer as a society.

You may be a honest, sane, peaceful, level headed man, but you could land up in jail or die on your way to office.

As one driver reacts in rage to the other, and the second driver in turn reacts negatively or callously , then emotions and aggressive tactics escalate, feeding each other in a vicious cycle.

Ultimately, these behaviors lead to a complete surrender to base animal reactions, and the drivers leave rationality behind.

The rush of adrenaline that comes as a result of real or perceived danger makes it easy for us to give into anger.  It is so easy to fall into the trap of directing anger toward another driver and trying to match the other guys behavior, to show your child sitting in the back seat that his daddy is a man’s man..

Don't use your car horn aggressively to express displeasure at other drivers -- doing so might make them more aggressive.

Try to be kind and courteous to your fellow drivers. When you do encounter an aggressive driver, it's better to let him have his way, even when it feels unfair. It's more important to think of driving as a group experience instead of a competition.

So how do we avoid becoming a road warrior?

It boils down to maturity .  A mature man does not engage in self-destructive behavior.

Maturity is the ability to bear an injustice without wanting to get evenand act within the framework of dignity.   

In proactive behavior there is a pause between stimulus and response ( not a knee jerk reaction )— for making a suitable choice of response. I will explain later why it may NOT be able to have this pause , when your amygdala hijacks your emotions.

He does not care for success at the cost of his dignity and honour. If you family is in the car, they may lose respect for you –forever.

Mature people have the ability to focus on important things, they do NOT lose their shirt and behave shabbily on trivial matters..

It is always possible that the other driver is singling you out, and even if he is, it's not worth it to follow suit.

So resist the urge to honk your horn, curse and go through the array of obscene gestures in your repertoire—even to give back as good as you got.

Driving is NOT a gladiator contest or power play,  in which people need to prove that they need to prove to others that they're in control and playing by the rules while others are not.

When you are consumed by rage you hyperventilate , there is an increase in your heart rate, BP and a rush of adrenaline, cortisol and other stress-induced hormones.

Breathing deeply from your diaphragm is essential to calming and relaxing you.  Breathing deeply helps to slow down the reactions mentioned in the previous step, including slowing your heart rate and blood pressure.

You should notice a drop in sweating levels too. Training yourself to breathe deeply every time something bothersome occurs while out driving can help keep you calm. Breathe deeply when you feel road rage is on the way to consume you.

Every time something happens that has the potential to raise your ire, breathe deeply. All make mistakes including you.

Think of the other person as human, NOT a thing of your “ Need for speed “ video game on X Box.

The people in the cars around also have a family like you . They too have the same hopes and aspirations as you.

Just because they made an error in judgement , that that NOT empower you to judge and punish them .

A photo of your wife , children , parents  or people you love can keep you centered when you feel like getting off your car and giving the other guy a bloody nose or a shattered windshield.  Glance at this photo while breathing deeply, to help you prioritise and maintain your sanity.

Try and diffuse the situation instead of making it worse. Once you name is in the police station records, you do immense damage to yourself.  The other driver can press false charges using a clever lawyer.

Once you too hire a lawyer, the only thing sure is the expense.  More often than NOT both the soulless lawyers collude to milk both of you.

“He practically ran me off the road – what was I supposed to do?” does NOT work.

Almost nothing makes another driver angrier than  an obscene gesture.  So keep your hands on the wheel.

If you and another driver see a parking space at the same time, don’t fight for it.  Many drivers get angry when they are followed too closely—as this prevents them from braking for an enexpcted situation .

Always allow at least a two-second space between your car and the car ahead.  This is measures in time and NOT by distance.

If you think another car is driving too slowly and you are unable to pass, pull back and allow more space.

If you feel you are being followed too closely, signal and pull over to allow the other driver to go by.

One angry driver can’t start a fight unless another driver is willing to join in. You can protect yourself against aggressive drivers by refusing to  become angry at them.  It takes two hands to clap.




Below video : In Bigg Boss 7 we saw a man with his Amygdala switch in the stuck position.



The amygdala can mistakenly misfire messages of danger creating a chronic state of anxiety and panic.

Individuals that suffer from low self-esteem compensate by inflicting physical harm onto others.  Rage  makes him blind to the truth and he is unable to accept what’s sensible and correct.  A threat to our ego and threat to our physical being is all the same to our amygdala.

The amygdala triggers your emotions faster than your conscious awareness.  The unique “speed dial circuits” of the two almond sized nuclei within your brain are the first to react to emotionally significant events. These organs protect you from harm by interpreting subconscious hints of danger to trigger lightning fast responses.

The amygdalae react to negative events in many ways, including activation of your sympathetic nervous system. The results cause you gut wrenching turmoil. 

While it takes around 300 milliseconds for you to become aware of a disturbing event, the amygdalae react to it within 20 milliseconds! Sadly, the knee-jerk responses of these organs cause you to overreact to the world around you.  

While you may forget a compliment, your amygdala will never forget a slight.

The Amygdala Hijack is considered to happen in any situation when our emotions take over our intelligent thinking. This includes outbreaks of rage.

This happens because it sends out hormones that basically override our prefrontal cortex, which can happen is a second, and we act on instinct and not on rational thoughts. Often times when people look back on Amygdala hijacks they feel guilt and understand that their actions were often irrational.

You must have noticed our Punjaabi Puttar on Bigg Boss 7 flying into a blind rage at the drop of a hat and then falling on his feet and asking for forgiveness, after he has cooled down .

Below:  CONTROOOL YAAAR !



Because the amygdala helped the ancient cave man survive, it remained as the brain grew and evolved. Today, it’s rare that we face an extreme emergency that requires the amygdale to spring into action, but it does so nevertheless.  

It is the classic “fight or flight response.”  Road rage is one example of an out-of-control amygdala response to modern stress (fight).


When a threatening or stressful situation suddenly pops up. The amygdala wakes up, pushes the logical cortex out of the picture, and takes over.  It hijacks control of your brain and your body by ordering the pumping out of the chemicals that create the fight or flight reaction.  

The amygdala is two almond shaped clusters of interconnected structures perched above the brainstem near the bottom of the limbic ring. When the thalamus (the brains sensory switchboard) receives input from the senses, its sends a message along two independent neural pathways, a high road’ travelling up to the cortex and a low road’ going directly to the nearby amygdala therefore triggering an emotional reaction before the neocortex has a chance to scan the experience and what is causing the reaction. 

This puts the amygdala in the most powerful post in mental life. The amygdala is nearly fully developed at birth.  Traumatic events like beatings or outright neglect will imprint early on. The amygdala can only react based on previously stored patterns. Sometimes this kind of reaction can save our lives. 

When a Sri Lankan sailor hit Rajiv Gandhi with his rifle butt, his amygdala saved him.



Once you’ve been hijacked, it’s very difficult to get back under control. It’s much easier to prevent the hijacking in the first place.



The emotional brain is the amygdala and rational brain is the neocortex but in situations that involve extreme emotions, the emotional brain takes over and cognitive abilities are restricted.  Amygdala acts in a hijack type manner.   Some will freeze from fright, while others will become aggressive. This is commonly referred to as the ‘fight or flight mechanism.’

This hijacking is triggered crucial moments before the neocortex (thinking brain) has had a chance to fully observe what has happened and when moments pass, usually the person does not know what came over them.  These occurrences can lead to horrific incidents, some leading to brutal crime.

All our Punjaabi Puttar needs to do is to breath deep ( diaphragmic ) . Yoga teaches only deep diaphragmic breathing, NOT the bullsh#t hyperventilation SOO HUMM by Triple Sri Ravishankar , who fools the people by Martini Effect ( Nitrogen Narcosis ) .

There is nothing mystical about the power that breathing has to prevent panic. As you control the rate of your breathing, it sends a subconscious message to the amygdala that there is no need to be stressed.  Just breathe deep and slow until you feel any butterflies start to settle down.

Under stress/excitement or joy the nerve running from the brain to the adrenal glands atop the kidneys triggers the secretion of hormones; dopamine and endorphin actively appear to underlie pleasurable emotions whereas serotonin and norepinephrine play a role in anger and fear.

The prefrontal cortex, is responsible for emotions including empathy and guilt.   The amygdala, controls levels of fear and anxiety. Brains of psychopaths have 'broken links' between parts responsible for empathy and guilt.  The lack of communication between these two areas makes it difficult for psychopaths to regulate their social and emotional behaviour.

A MRI scan can determine if someone is a psychopath.  You may be surprised to know that  more than 80 % of Jewish business leaders are psychopaths.  No, psychopaths don't suffer from delusions.  Scans of psychopaths show that 'links' present in normal people are lacking in the psychopathic brain

Rage is connected to a medical condition called intermittent explosive disorder and to dangerous social behaviors such as road rage.   Often, people will later report that they “snapped” and could not control their behavior.  Rage is a situation when a person is not able to handle their anger in a proper way.

Anger is considered to be healthy, whereas rage is not considered healthy.  This means that a person who is angry will have the power to control the emotions.  But a person having rage has no control of their emotions and it could be sometimes destructive.  

Unlike anger, rage is an intricate mix of fear, desperation anger and panic.  Rage is a complete blackout of the thoughts.  

Anger causes chemical and neurological changes that make your muscles stronger and your senses more acute. These changes help you interpret your environment more accurately and make important decisions quickly. Rage does quite the opposite.

The prefrontal cortex is the more advanced, newer part of our brains known as the “executive center.” It helps us plan, solve problems, make decisions and control our impulses. It’s the prefrontal cortex that helps us in deactivating anger in ourselves and others .

Rage only sees its own "rightness".  Rage does not care if it hurts others, in fact it aches to hurt somebody.  Rage feels justified in hurting others.

Rage detracts from the quality of your life, driving away the people who love you and can help you. Remember good old Henry beating up his dad with a baseball bat?

When you are in a rage, you destroy everyone everything in your path, even if they mean a great deal to you.  Rage makes you drive your car into a tree, punch through a glass pane and cut your arteries. You inflict pain on yourself by destroying what you love most. .  

Rage seethes just below the surface; you need little or no provocation to have an emotional meltdown.

Back to road rage-

Many road ragers are otherwise model citizens ( like surgeons , judges ) who are successful in work and in relationships and well respected in their communities. None of them had a short fuse.

It is important for everyone to remind themselves that, whatever happens on the road, it is not personal. Ask yourself --is really worth it to get out of the car or take some other dangerous action

Either you in the hospital, or I in the hospital or we both ( apun donoh ekatta ) in the hospital is NOT a bright idea.

Don't grip the steering wheel too hard— it pays to steer lightly with one hand.  This avoids tensing up the arm and neck muscles.

Remember that you can't control other drivers. You can only control your reactions to them. Do NOT allow misplaced driver fury, to convert our roads to killing fields.

Computer and video games influence the manner in which we approach the roads and our sense of immunity within the car. "The crucial difference is that when things go wrong in Grand Theft Auto, you just press reset,".


Remember-  driving is not a contest.   For when you compete  your consciousness is focused on beating the other driver at all costs .

CLICK ON LOAD MORE SO MORE COMMENTS AFTER THE 200TH COMMENT.

Grace and peace !
A 7000 year old invocation .




Om Jatavedase sunava masomamarati yato nidahati vedah
Sa nah parshhadati durgani vishva naveva sindhum duritatyagnih 1

Tamagnivarnam tapasa jvalantim vairochanim karmaphaleshhu jushhtamh
Durgam devii sharanamaham prapadye sutarasi tarase namah 2

Agne tvam paaraya navyo asmaansvastibhiriti durgani vishva
Pushcha prithvi bahula na urvi bhava tokaya tanayaya shamyoh 3

Vishvani no durgaha jatavedassindhunna nava duritatiparshhi
Agne atrivanmanasa grinanoasmakam bodhayitva tanunamh 4

Pritanajitam sahamanamugramagni huvema paramatsadhasthath
Sa nah parshhadati durgani vishvakshamaddevo atiduritatyagnih 5

Pratnoshhikamidyo adhvareshhu sannachcha hota navyashcha satsi
Svanchagne tanuvam piprayasvasmabhyam cha saubhagamayajasva 6

Gobhirjushhtamayujonishhiktan tavendra vishhnoranusamcharema
Nakasya prishhthamabhisamvasano vaishhnavim loka iha madayantamh 7

Om kaatyaayanaaya vidmahe Kanyakumaari dhiimahi Tanno durgih prachodayaath
Om shaantih shaantih shaantih

Our oblations of Soma to the fire god,
May he, the all knowing one destroy all those who do not like us,
May that divine fire lead us out of all perils,
Like a captain takes his boat across the sea,
And also save us from all wrongs.


I take refuge in the divine mother Durga*,
Who shines like a fire due to her penances,
Who resides in actions and their fruits and makes them effective,
And I salute her who helps us cross our difficulties.
* It could be translated as Mother of difficulties also


Oh God of fire, you are worthy of praise,
For by novel methods you help us cross,
The difficulties and make us happy,
May our land in this earth become extensive,
May the land for growing crops become large,
And be pleased to join our children and,
Their children with joy and happiness.


Oh Jatha Vedas who is the destroyer of all sins,
Make us cross all our troubles like a boat,
Which takes us to the other shore without problems,
Oh Fire, protect us like the sage Athri, who would take care of us,
Mindful of our safety and our happiness.


We invoke the fierce Fire God who is the leader of us all.
And who is the killer of all our enemies from the highest place,
To take us across all difficulties and all that is perishable and protect us.


Oh Fire God, you are praised during sacrifices,
And always increase our happiness, and exist as sacrifices,
Which are olden and those which are new,
Please make us, who are only yourself, happy,
And grant us good fortune from all our sides.


Oh Lord, you are not connected with sin and sorrow,
Permit us to always serve you who pervades all wealth,
May the Gods who live in the highest region make me,
Who adores Vishnu, delighted and happy and grant my wishes.



THIS IS ADDENDUM-

THE GUY IN THE SUV-- GAVE ME A MIDDLE FINGER SALUTE AFTER HE REVERSED AND WAS ABOUT TO BUZZ OFF-

I IMMEDIATELY SNATCHED A BANANA FROM THE VENDOR'S CART AND SHOVED IT INTO THE EXHAUST PIPE OF HIS SUV -- AS A REFLEX ACTION.

HIS ENGINE DIED OUT- 

AND THE POOR GUY HAD TO APOLOGISE , BEFORE I WOULD LET HIM GO-- 

HE DID NOT DARE TO GET OUT OF HIS SUV- OR LOWER HIS WINDOW GLASS MORE THAN AN INCH.

THAT SET ME THINKING- THE BRITISH INVADER CAME IN TRUCKS AND JEEPS TO TERRORISE INDIANS  -- 

WHY DID NOT ANY SLAVE INDIAN PUSH A BANANA INTO THE EXHAUST PIPE AND SET THE VEHICLE ON FIRE ?
*********************************************************************
LORD SHIVA AS THE FIRST GURU DAKSHINAMURTHY – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ADI GURU DAKSHINAMURTHY ,  THE ULTIMATE GURU IN THE COSMOS AND THE DISPELLER OF MAYA ,  SILENT ATTUNEMENT OF FOUR KUMARAS TO UNIVERSAL CONSCIOUSNESS THOUGH  TELEPATHIC TURIYA MODE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Lord Vishnu took many avatars on earth to kill his favourite two gate keepers at Vaikunta Jaya and Vijaya , who were cursed by the four Kumaras for arrogance.  



Lord Vishnu had to kill them so that they could come back to him as soon as spooible.


----  Third avatar as Varaha (the boar) to kill  Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ).  




-----  Fourth avatar  Narasimha (the human-lion) to kill Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya ).




-----  Seventh avatar Lord Rama to kill Ravana ( Jaya ) and his brother Kumbhakarna ( Vijaya ) 



-----  Eight avatar Lord Krishna  to kill Sishupala ( Jaya ) and Dantavakra ( Vijaya ).  








Below: Lord Shiva as Dakshinamurthy , the first Guru who had NO Guru - attuning the 4 Kumaras via silence in Turiya state 



Below video: Dakshinamurthy Stotram



Mouna Vyakhya prakatitha, para,
Brahma thathwam yuvanam,
Varshishtha anthevasad rishiganai,
Ravrutham brahma nishtai,
Acharyendram kara kalihtha chin,
Mudram ananda roopam,
Swathmaramam mudhitha vadanam,
Dakshinamurthim eede.

I praise and salute that Dakshinamrthy,
Who faces the south,
Who explains the true nature of the supreme Brahman,
Through his state of silence,
Who is young in looks,
Who is surrounded by disciples who are old Sages,
Whose minds are fixed on Brahman,
Who is the greatest of teachers,
Who shows the Chinmudhra by his hand,
Who is personification of happiness,
Who is in the state of extreme joy within himself,
And who has a smiling face.

Viswam darpana drusyamana nagari,
Thulyam nijantargatham,
Pasyannathmani mayaya bahirivoth,
Bhutham yatha nidraya,
Ya sakshath kuruthe prabodha samaye,
Swathmanameva dwayam,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree Dakshinamurthaye., 2

Similar to the image of a town as seen in the mirror,
When one sees the image of the world within him,
The world appears as if it is outside.
It is similar to his seeing due to illusion,
During the state of sleep,
That the one real fact appears as many different truths,
And he realizes,when he wakes up and sees the reality,
That he is really the one and only one soul.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Beejasyanthari vankuro jagadhidham,
Prang nirvikalpam puna,
Mayakalpitha desa kala kalanaa,
Vaichithrya chithrikrutham,
Mayaveeva vijrumbhayathyapi maha,
Yogeeva yah swechaya,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 3

Like the germ inside the seed is its part,
But becomes different after development
The many places and time which are before us,
Are drawn by illusion in the board of life in a peculiar manner,
By a great savant or an expert Siddha,
Who can create them as per their will,
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Yasyaiva sphuranam sadathmakamasath,
Kalparthagam bhasathe,
Sakshaath thathwamaseethi veda vachasa,
Yobodhyathyasrithhan,
Yath saksht karanath bhavenna punara,
Aavrithir bhavambhonidhow,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 4

He who exists as the real light of truth,
And shines in the false world of appearance,
And He who teaches disciples the great saying,
“Thou art that” after realizing its import,
Gets away from this cycle of life and death.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Nanachidhra ghato dhara sthitha maha,
Deepa prabha bhaswaram,
Jnanam yasya thu chakshuradhi karana,
Dwara bahi spandathe,
Jaanameethi tham eva baandham anubathi,
Yethath samastham jagat,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 5

Like the light emanating from a lamp,
Kept in a pot with many holes,
Goes out in all directions,
In the person in whom the wisdom goes out
Through the openings of ear, eye , mouth and thought,
And when that person realizes that ‘I know myself”,
This whole universe shines after Him alone,
Who shines in the consciousness as the knower.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.


Deham pranam api indryanyapi chalaam,
Budhim cha soonyam vidhu,
Stree balandha jadopamasthvaha mithi,
Brandha brusam vadhina,
Maya sakthi vilasa kalpitha maha,
Vyamoha samharine,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 6

Those great philosophers , who think that,
The body, the soul and the fickle intellect,
The concept of emptiness and all other nothingness,
Are nothing but themselves,
Are similar to the women children , blind and the ignorant.
It is only He who can destroy, this veil of ignorance,
And wake us up from this state of deceit.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Rahu grastha divakarendu sadrusho,
Maya samachadanath,
Sanamthra karanopa samharanatho,
Yo abhoot sushuptha pumaan,
Pragaswapsaamithi prabodha samaye,
Yaa prathyabignayathe,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 7

Similar to the Sun when being masked by the serpent Rahu,
Knows that it was existing, once the eclipse is over
That man whose senses are suppressed
When he is asleep,
Because of the veil of illusion,
Realizes that he was in the state of sleep,
When he wakes up.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Balyadishwapi jagaradhadishu thadha,
Sarva sva avasthasthaswapi,
Vyavrutha swanuvarthamanamaha,
Mithyanth sphurantham sada,
Svathmaanam pragatikarothi bajatham,
Yo mudraya bhadraya,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 8

Salutations to him who shines and exhibits,
Himself by the beatific Chinmudhra of the hand,
That he exists within the humans as self,
Forever and non changing,
Even during the changing states of childhood, youth and old age
And even during the states of sleep, dream and wakefulness.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.
The truth as represented by the concept of Brahman, exists always.

Viswam pasyathi karya karana thaya,
Swa swami sambandatha,
Sishyacharya thaya thadaiva pithru,
Puthradhyathmana bedatha,
Swapne Jagrathi va ya esha purusho,
Maya Paribramitha,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 9

The world sees as cause and effect,
The differences between us and our lord,
The distinction between teacher and the taught,
The distinction between father and son,
And so the man is confused by illusion,
And believes in these differences,
During the times of dream and wakefulness.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.
.

Bhoorambaamsya anilo ambhara,
Maharnadho himamasu puman,
Ithyabhathi characharathmakamidham,
Yasyaiva murthyashtakam,
Nanyath kinchana vidhyathe vimrusathaam,
Yasmath parasmath vibho,
Thasmai sri guru murthaye nama idham,
Sree dakshinamurthaye., 10

To the sake of which supreme Brahman,
The universe is shining as self,
Which is Movable and immovable, with its aspects?
Of water, fire, air, space,
The sun, moon and the individual soul,
And also to those who examine the truth behind,
The meaning of this universe and find,
That it Consists of nothing but,
The God who is every where.
Salutation to the God facing the south,
Who is the greatest teacher.

Sarvathmathvamithi sphutikruthamitham,
Yasmadamushamin sthave,
Thenasya sravanath thadartha mananath,
Dyanascha Sankeerthanath,
Sarvathmathva maha vibhuthi sahitham,
Syadheeswarasthvam svatha,
Siddhyeth thath punarashtadha parinatham,
Chaisvaryamvayhatham., 11

The concept of the Athma,
Which is explained in this poem of praise,
Hearing which, understanding which,
Meditating which and singing which,
One would attain the state of the godliness,
And the great state of self realization,
And also you would get the eight powers of occult,
Without any problems in between.

Appendix

The following three stanzas as well as the first stanza are chanted after the main stotra:-

Chitram Vata tharor mole vruddha,
Sishya, Guror Yuva,
Gurostu mounam vykhyanam,
Sishyasthu china samsaya

It is strange to see,
The very old disciples,
And the very young teacher,
Who sit under a banyan tree,
With the teacher always observing silence,
And the students getting all the doubts cleared.

Om nama pranavarthaya,
Suddha jnanaika moorthaye nama,
Nirmalaya prasanthaya,
Sri Dakshinamurthaye nama.
Salutations to that Dakshinamurthy,
Who is the meaning of the pranava, “OM”,

Who is the personification of unalloyed wisdom,
Who is crystal clear in his thought,
And who is the epitome of peace.

Gurave sara lokaanam,
Bishaje bhava roginaam,
Nidhaye sarva vidhyanam,
Sri Dakshinamurthaye nama.

Salutations to that Dakshinamurthy,
Who is the teacher of the entire world,
Who is the doctor to those,
Afflicted by the disease of birth and death,
And who is the treasure hose of all knowledge.


The sons of Brahma, who had mastered the Vedas and Upanishands at a very young age , the four Kumaras Sanaka, Sanandana, Sanatana and Sanatkumara,  came to have Darsana of Lord Siva and prostrated before him. They entreated Lord Shiva to teach them the way to remove the veil of Maya or illusion.

Lord Siva, hearing this appeal made by the sages, assumed the form of Dakshinamurti .  He attuned them to the brain wave frequency of Turiya and transferred the requisite knowledge to them by telepathy in total silence.







Lord Shiva Himself came down in the form of Dakshinamurthy and sat under a banyan tree to give enlightenment to the 4 sons of Brahma.    

Dakshinamurthy, in the Hinduism is regarded as the first guru -- and the destroyer of ignorance, represented by the demon Apasmarapurusha, (the deluded self) being crushed under the divine foot .



In Turiya state there is the absolute awareness.  It is the experience of ultimate reality and truth. You are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth.

Reality and truth become more clearly defined, allowing you to perceive that which lies above, below, and beyond the human experience.  This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity . This highest state is not affected by Maya .

Turiya Consciousness  is the ultimate goal of spirituality for here you know what freedom is all about.
A sage is an extraordinary being. A sage does not dream, because he has no polarity. He’s just a witness. 

This witness never sleeps. It is eternal awareness or Nirvana.

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
OM is the transcendental state or turiya (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana. 



Four stages : consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep. Finally, the semi-circle symbolizes Maya and separates the dot from the other three curves.

It is the illusion of Maya that prevents us from the realization of this highest state of bliss. The semi-circle is open at the top and does not touch the dot. This means that this highest state is not affected by Maya.

Maya only affects the manifested phenomenon.  In Turiya thoughts subside and one becomes increasingly more awake; the mind settles down and consciousness itself becomes primary.

Mediators describe this as pure consciousness or unbounded awareness.  One sees the entire world and all things within it as part of oneself, and oneself part of all.  The 7000 year old Upanishads equates this experience with enlightenment.


Turiya is the totality of everything, and the headwaters from which all consciousness flow.  It is said in the Mandukya Upanishad.  “ It is unseen, transcendent, the sole essence of the consciousness of self, the completion of the world.”   In Turiya there is total mental clarity, and complete inner peace one recognizes the Self in every shining atom of existence.

The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the human mind. The MMMM humming of OM king mantra of Hinduism, boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body.  This was known to Indians 7000 years ago and documented.

Dakshinamurthy, is one of the five aspects of Shiva, the others being Nataraja, Shiva Linga,  Ardhanaadheeshwara and Tripurantaka.  He is the embodiment of spiritual wisdom, the universal teacher of music, yoga and jnana and the destroyer of ignorance. 

Dakshinamurthy literally means one who faces the south.  In every Saivite temple, Dakshinamurthy statues are installed facing the south in the circumambulatory path of the sanctum.  

In a more profound view, Dakshinamurthy is the Guru ( teacher ) to whom a shishya ( disciple ) must express his gratitude.  The Dakshinsmurthy Ashtakam was composed by Guru Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.



Above : Adi Shankaracharya --Indian tradition accords a special reverence to the Guru or the teacher.

The Mahakaleshwar Temple in Ujjain, one of the twelve Jyotirlingas of Lord Shiva, is dedicated to Dakshinmurthy.  

As mentioned in the Mahabharata epic, Ujjayini was the capital of the Avanti Kingdom.  Ujjain is one of the four sites that host the Kumbh Mela (also called the Simhastha Mela), a quadrennial mass pilgrimage that attracts millions of Hindu pilgrims from around the country.  

It is also home to the Mahakaleshwar Jyotirlinga, one of the twelve Jyotirlinga shrines to the god Shiva. 



An ancient seat of learning, Ujjain is the place where Lord Krishna, along with Balarama and Sudama, received his education from Maharshi Sandipani. Ujjain contains maximum number of temples on the planet.

Maya is invisible and  beyond sense-perception.  No human can see beyond the quantum screen .

Albert Einstein said  "We have been all wrong.  What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses.  There is no matter."  

He has just quoted from 7000 year old Vedanta ( which he was proficient in ) which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality.

What is the difference between a quantum physicist and an ancient Indian maharishi seer of 9500 BC ?

The seer placed himself inside and saw outwards,  for he had the perception afforded by a king sized pineal gland and 12 strand DNA to do so.

The quantum scientist with a shrivelled pineal gland and 2 strand DNA ( 97% junk ) with pre-conceived notions pounded in by a moron Isaac Newton  stood outside and peeked inside all the while scratching his head.

The mystics took existence for granted, and knew how to get from here to there.  They got to see beyond the apparition of MAYA.   The distinction between the self and the Universe is a false dichotomy.

The modern Big Bang cosmologists want to get the Universe out of nothing.  It's like asking us to believe that nothing made everything out of nothing. 

They could not understand singularity which the Vedic seer did.  The Bindu of the 10500 year old Sri Yantra represents singularity.



When you see beyond the quantum screen of Maya , all become crystal clear.

Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism believes that God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.  The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics.

The Bible says that the big bang happened in 4004 BC, while Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

Modern science accepted consciousness only after it got shell shocked by the results of the quantum double slit experiment..



The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world.

It was written down in the Vedas said 7000 years ago that mind is over matter.

Quantum Physics like Vedas tell us that particles and waves are the same thing.  Your conscious intention determines whether you see a particle or a wave.

In the quantum domain everything is interrelated.  Photons and electrons have a ability to shift their form in an instant.  Measured one way they behave as particles.   Measured another way they act as waves.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness 9000 years ago.  

In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.

The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form.

“Elementary time is measured to its covering of a particular elementary space. That time which covers the unmanifest aggregate of the elementary particle is called the great time ( Mahakala )” :- Bhagawatam 3.11.14

While modern mathematics, science and technology centre around linear dimensional reality , but the Vedic systems avail multidimensional spiraling reality.

Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer. As such, it creates not only space, but also time.

The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.

Vedas are NOT about Indra running around like a jack ass looking for lost cows and then doing a sacrifice so that he can get the strength to screw the asuras...

OM is not calling your goat as ridiculed by the white historian –Yet all religions lifted OM and mirrored it as AMEN, SHALOM, 786, OMKAR— or whatever.





The greatest son of Kerala ( my home state in India ) is Adi Sankaracharya who was born in 2000 BC at Kaladi.   He was a 12 strand DNA seer with raised Kundalini , the world’s greatest and original philosopher,  intellectual , scholar and poet.   He mastered the Vedas written in 5000 BC,  at the tender age of five.  

The white Christian invader pushed this great man back in history by an astounding 2800 years, so that his philosophy could be stolen and attributed to the West as a measure of blatant racism—to prove that Indians are worthless .

This is the same pathetic mindset which forced them to say that the blue eyed blond white Aryan invaded India and wrote our Vedas and Upanishads.

Shankara’s  philosophy is now patented in the names of ancient Greek philosophers and the modern European philosophers.  They will  never write anywhere that both Plato and Pythagoras were students in India. 

They made cock and bull stories,  and had it legitimized by the opportunistic and servile Tamilian Indian Brahmins.

Adi Shankaracharua pondered about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.

He was the first metaphysicist.  Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”.  Its object is to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole.

It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce.

Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . 99.9999% of every atom is empty space. 

What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.999 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.  We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.999% empty space.  

THIS EMPTY SPACE , THE INTELLIGENT MORPHOGENETIC FIELD IS BRAHMAN-- THE HINDU GOD , AS PER ADVAITA VEDANTA 

The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.   It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.” 

Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . -limitless power.  This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  



Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus.

Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.

The universe is in perfect harmony and balance. The cosmos is a unified system. A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole ( Kali ) .

The Dakshinamurthy Stotram expounds the theory or philosophy of Advaita Vedanta written by Adi Shankara.


It must be clear that Lord Shiva did NOT have any avatar.

Daksinaganga or river Narmada is the seat of all evolution on this planet , into which black meteorite stones ( Shiva Lingams ) containing DNA rained from the sky.

The Narmada river was mentioned by Ptolemy in the second century AD as Namade .

According to lore,  Lord Shiva, the Destroyer of the Universe, meditated so hard that he started perspiring. Shiva's sweat accumulated and started flowing in the form of a river – the Narmada.

"Narmada Ke Kanker utte Sankar" (a popular saying in the Hindi belt of India), which means that 'pebble stones of Narmada get a personified form of Shiva'.

The sprawling caves of Bhimbetka located in a dyke of the Narmada valley at about 45 km northeast of Bhopal (between Bhopal and Hoshangabad highway) depicts pre–historic rock shelter paintings which are sculpted on the crest of the Vindhyan heights. 


The Bhimbetka rock shelters, discovered in 1957 is a natural art gallery and an archaeological treasure considered as one of the oldest human habitation in India where the caves house rock paintings, created by man from as early as about 18,000 years ago in vivid and panoramic detail.  

It is a World Heritage site.





Shiva is normally worshipped in the form of Linga except for a few exceptions like the dancing Nataraja ,  Dakshinamurthy  in a classic yogic pose called Veerasana under the Banyan tree .  

Rightly after Independence the Indian Govt has chosen Banyan tree as our national tree,  for here is a  tree that regenerates unlike other trees, and is immortal.

In ancient days , the villages held court, without written records under it, the tree being the sole witness.  Under this tree people do NOT tell lies, lest the spirits in the tree get offended. Provoking the spirits within the tree brings misfortune and ill health.

River Narmada is said to be born of 'Shiva's sweat' (underground water finding its way out on to the surface of earth ) when 'India' was an island called Jambudweep, before the birth of the Himalayas from under the seabed in its North after the great continental drift...
*********************************************************************
NANDI BULL, VAHANA AND GATEKEEPER OF LORD SHIVA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
NANDI BULL THE GURU OF PATANJALI ,   MOSES AND THE GOLDEN BULL ,   APIS THE EGYPTIAN BULL DEITY,  9000 YEAR OLD NANDI BULL HEADS EXCAVATED FROM CATALHOYUK TURKEY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Above: Nandi bull-- one leg is raised depicting that Dharma is one ONE LEG during Kali Yuga

Few days ago my wife wanted to go to a temple and whisper something into the ear of Nandi Bull. 

She whispered with intention into one ear . 

She has matched more than 40 bridal horoscopes for my elder son , and nothing had worked out.  

Within 3 hours a call came where the girl had “purvajanma  bandham” – which means as per astrological horoscope the girl was a wife in the past to my son.

My own wife was the 123 rd horoscope my parents matched , and her horoscope too had “purvajanma bandham “—meaning she was my wife in the hoary past.

I , my wife and my 2 sons have “ shuddha Jatakam “  ( pure horoscopes ) – which means the Karma load balance is negligible, for the entire family of 4 – which is rare .

There are NIL doshams in a Shuddha jatakam.    Doshas are formed by malefic or inauspicious combinations of planets in horoscopes. 



Some wannabe gora Hindus or Indians of other religions or foreigners may smirk—so be it.
My wife then charges her hands on the sanctum enclosure granite wall, like how you charge your mobile phone battery  . 

The last time she did it 3  months ago, her right hand became numb in less than a minute and she had to remove her hands. 

This time she completed the process and when she removed her hands from the stone wall ( inside this inner sanctum is the deity ),  after two minutes , she was literally intoxicated with scalar energy absorbed and unsteady on her legs .


We all have seen the Nandi Bull at the doorway of Kedarnath temple , recently on TV right?

Below: Nandi bull facing the doorway at Kedarnath .




So what is the lore behind whispering into the bull’s ear?


Once Lord Shiva was in deep meditation , and a great calamity was about to befall.  Everybody tried to shake off Lord Shiva from his deep Turiya meditation—and we unsuccessful.    

Shiva’s son Ganesha used his initiative and whispered into Nandi’s ear and Shiva was woken up.  It shows that Nandi is a medium to reach Shiva.



Today if you look into the internet , free encyclopedias like Wikipedia , and Indophiles ( white men pretending to be experts on India ) constantly quote Devdutt Pattanaik on matters of Hindu faith.


He has written several books on Hindu mythology, injecting poison into all of them.

He is the chief belief officer of Rothschild remote controlled Future Group, one of India’s largest retailers and he is also a newspaper columnist .   

He is also a story consultant to Rothschild agent controlled  Indian television network Star TV and also Ernst and Young .

Times of India too has a daily post on Hinduism—all injected with poison.  Hey,  for a change why don’t they inject some poison into Islam and see how their heads of the reporter and Editor gets cut off.



So let me give an example of what Devdutt Pattanaik has to write about Nandi bull , whom Hindus worship.    He injects poison and allows his readers to put poisonous comments .  He will NOT delete them , he has approved all of them.

ARTICLE -- Published in Devlok,  Sunday Midday,  August 08, 2010

I recently visited a brand new modern Shiva temple complete with a neon sign post and a billboard. The patron of the temple wanted me to see the USP of his temple: a gigantic Nandi bull placed in the courtyard facing the main shrine.  

Nandi is the mount of the hermit-god.  The statue made of concrete was an impressive one.  As I walked around it, I asked the patron, “Is this a bull or an ox?” “It is Nandi,” he replied.  So I clarified myself, “Is Nandi a bull or an ox?”  

This baffled the patron.  It dawned on me he did not know the difference between a bull and an ox. A true blue city-slicker, with no understanding of animal husbandry practices, he was!

I had asked the question as I noticed that the scrotum (the bag of skin containing testicles) of the gigantic Nandi bull could not be seen at the back.  In any traditional Shiva temple, one is often shocked by the importance placed to Nandi’s scrotum.  It hangs down prominently and some devotees, including the priest, make it a point to touch it before entering the shrine of Shiva. 

Modern images of Nandi, made using concrete and marble and plastic and plaster of Paris, shy away from doing so.  “Because,” explained one craftsman who I interrogated, “people feel embarrassed by it.  They find it very vulgar.  So we don’t show it anymore.  Some even assume Nandi is a cow!”

We are becoming an increasingly prudish people.  Prudishness laced with ignorance is a dangerous combination.  Showing the scrotum of Nandi is critical.  The point is not to titillate.  The point is to inform all devotees that Nandi is male (not a cow) and that he is not castrated (not an ox or steer or bullock).  

This means he is not domesticated.  Nandi cannot be used to pull ploughs or carts.  He is no beast of burden.  To show Nandi without his scrotum is to take away his identity.

When I explained this to the temple patron, he came up with an ingenious answer to save face, “Actually the scrotum is there, hidden under his body.”  I smiled as no one can make a bull of concrete stand up.



In mythology, Shiva refuses to get married and be a householder.  In other words, he refuses to get domesticated.  But the Goddess appeals to him to marry her.  

Unless Shiva participates in worldly affairs, unless he serves her as a husband, children cannot be conceived and the world cannot be created.  

Shiva reluctantly agrees.  He becomes the groom of the Goddess, but he is never the head of her household.  He lives with her but is not the bread winner.  

He fathers children, but is not father to the children.  Shakti becomes the autonomous matriarch.  She becomes the cow, nourishing the world with her milk.  

He remains independent in spirit, refusing to be fettered by the ways of the world.  This aspect of Shiva is what Nandi portrays as he sits benignly at his master’s doorstep.

SOURCE:   devdutt.com/articles/indian-mythology/its-all-bull.html‎

Below : Devdutt Pattanaik. 





COMMENT

mk • 3 years ago – ( COMMENT APPROVED AND PUBLISHED BY Devdutt Pattanaik in Midday newspaper )

let me share an interesting and amusing anecdote as why nandi sits in front of Shivaś lingam and why we all touch his scrotum... .In the jungles of Ratnagiri, a folktale talks of lore long forgotten, there is tribe that sings the lore every shivrathri.  it lore goes as below...

Shiva after getting married to Parvati was enjoying his blissful wedded life.  Parvathi after some time felt longing to visit her parents place and decided to go. after many years still she did not return.  

Shiva it seems was very lonely and could not continue to control his urge of sex.  Lo as his phallus became stiffer, he decided to use Nandis help.  

Nandi allowed shiva to ravage his body on a condition that he would do once shiva has finished his urge.  

Once Shiva was over with his appetite, he ran away from nandi and sat in a small room turned himself into a phallus thus avoiding nandi.  

nandi could not the small room sat outside waiting for shiva and thus has been seating ever since.

Since then, all devotees of shiva touch nandiś scrotum before we worship shiva as a reminder to nandi of shivaś promise.. so goes the tale.

I have heared this story myself among the tribals of western ghats when trekking near these remote places.  So whether you guys rebuke me or not the story made every sense for me as to why touch Nandiś balls everytime.



Nandi, the white sacred bull with a black tail is the vahana ( Vimana ) of Lord Shiva.   Almost all Shiva temples have the Nandi humped bull reclining on a raised platform and facing the entrance door of the shrine gazing at the Lord in his symbolic Shiva Lingam form.

After Samudra Manthan the whole sea polymerized due to a deadly poison catalyzed by Cobra Vasuki’s venom.  The planet was now in imminent danger .  Lord Shiva came forward as only he could salvage the grave situation.



Shiva scooped up the poison into his hand and drank it.  Fearing that her husband would die, Parvati constricted his neck and the descent of the poison was in turn stopped at his throat.  The poison started spilling out of his mouth and Nandi jumped forward and lapped it up. 

The devas and asuras watching were shocked and wondered aloud what would happen to Nandi.  Lord Siva calmed their fears saying, "Nandi  has surrendered into me so completely that he has all my powers and my protection".   




Nandi is of Shiva’s gatekeeper.  

Mahakala is NOT a gatekeeper , along with Nandi as said by many.   Mahakala is Shiva himself as Lord of Space / Time .    The Mahakala Shiva Temple in Ujjain is counted third among the twelve Jyotirlingas.

The Japanese worship Mahakala ( Daikokuten-great black Deva  ).




In Hindu mythology, Nandi  is the guru of eighteen masters (18 siddhas) which also includes Maharishi Patanjali who wrote the Yoga Sutras.  

Digression:  People do NOT know that Yoga asanas primarily help to shift lymph fluids around your body in ways that you would not ordinarily be able to achieve in daily life .  Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.  



Approximately 70% are superficial lymphatic capillaries located  just under, the skin.  The remaining 30%, which are known as deep lymphatic capillaries, surround most of the body’s organs.  The deep ones can be stimulated only by Yoga. 

Yoga diaphragmatic breathing and many yoga positions open up the chest cavity, while poses like shoulder stands, enlist gravity to help lymph fluid get where it is supposed to go.  



Since there is no pump, the lymph movement relies on contraction of smooth muscle tissue lining the walls of lymph vessels.  Movement of skeletal muscles is also important for driving lymph along the systems network of vessels to lymph nodes and from these to lymph ducts where the lymph tissue joins cardiovascular circulation.  

The lymphatic system is a closed pressure system and has one-way valves that keep lymph moving towards the heart.



Triple Sri Ravishankar’s SOO HUM hyperventilation does NOT do this.

Yogas keeps the human body and mind healthy .

If you want to know more about the 18 Siddhars whose Guru was Nandi , punch into Google search-

ALCHEMIST SIDDHAS , THE MERCURY EATERS VADAKAYIL

The Shiva Purana states that Nandi  is the intermediary between humans and Lord Shiva.

Before worshipping Lord Shiva , devotees first seek the blessings of first devotee Nandi .   Nandi is so devoted to Shiva that his every thought is directed to Him.  Nandi is always represented as quiet and benign.  Nandi is also considered to be the guardian of four-legged animals.   



In Shiva temples, there is always a reclining bull placed in front of the chief shrine or just outside it, with the head turned away from the deity/ lingam  but the gaze fixed on it.  Its free animal nature is pulling it away from God, but His grace pulling it back to him.

In Hindu mythology, Nandi is the bearer of faith, controlled strength / virility and protector of Dharma ( truth / righteousness.)

Spiritually, Nandi represents an individual jiva (soul) and the message that the jiva should always be focussed on the Atman (Paramatman).



Stone carvings and seals of Nandi bull were unearthed at Indus valley and Harappa.



Largest Nandis bull statues in India are at the following Shiva temples :
Lepakshi, Andhra Pradesh
Brahadishwara Temple, Tamil Nadu
Chamundi Hills, Mysore, Karnataka
Bull Temple, Bangalore, Karnataka
Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu
Hoysaleswara Temple, Halebidu, Karnataka
Shanthaleswara Temple, Halebidu, Karnataka
Vadakkunnathan Temple, Thrissur, Kerala
Virupaksha Temple, Hampi, Karnataka
Nandi Temple, Western Group of Temples, Khajuraho, Madhya Pradesh
Kedareshvara Temple at Balligavi (Karnataka)




In Egypt the Apis bull ( Nandi ) is the incarnation of the god Ptah ( Shiva ) , the creator of the universe and master of destiny.  



Later the white historian made Apis ( Nandi bull ) the incarnation of Osiris, god of embalming and cemeteries, while Ptah was relegated to funerary characteristics and became associated with Osiris.  




The river ‘Nile‘ bears the Sanskrit name (Neel) indicating her blue waters.

Lord Shiva’s son Lord Kartik who was a great warrior learnt how to to fight from Nandi.

Below; Golden bull ( Mesopotamia ) of UR 2000 BC.



In Egypt Ptah ( Shiva ) is the spouse of Sekhmet ( Shakti ) and the father of Nefertum ( Lotus-navel of Vishnu  ) .  He was also regarded as the father of the Sage Imhotep.( Lord Ayyappa ).



Above : IMHOTEP -- the ninth avatar of Vishnu ( Lord Ayyappa ) 

Punch into Google search-
IMHOTEP, THE PATRON SAINT OF THE FREEMASONS  VADAKAYIL


Astarte, the Syrian goddess, and Venus, Isis, Ishter, Mylitta, Vach, etc., are identical with Aditi of the Hinduism.  They are all the "Mothers of all living" and "of the gods."

Below : Nandi of Gobekli Tepe Turkey




To know more about Gobekli Tepi which was ruled by Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC,--

Punch into Google search-

MYSTERY OF STONEHENGE SOLVED  VADAKAYIL


Of course they consider the original Hindus gods whom they have mirrored and absorbed into their own culture as Pagan.




The worship of the Apis bull ( Nandi ) was continued by the Greeks and after them by the Romans, and lasted until almost 500 A.D.




Above:  Alexander the great performed a sacrifice to Apis ( Nandi ) before he set out for war with the Persians.



Neolithic bull-horned stone altars have been found in Cyprus.  The Canaanite (and later Carthaginian) deity Moloch IS Nandi the bull.    In Greek mythology, Taurus the bull was identified with Zeus.

Nehemiah 9:18 "even when they made an idol shaped like a calf and said, 'This is your god who brought you out of Egypt!



Above is the Biblical episode wherein an idol of the Golden Bull is made by Aaron and worshipped by the Hebrews in the wilderness of Sinai (Exodus)—which got Moses so much pissed off that he broke his stone tablets.

The Golden Calf (Exodus 32:1-32:45)

After the Israelites had crossed the Red Sea they journeyed to Mount Sinai, it was here that God gave Moses the 10 Commandments and the plans for his dwelling place, the tabernacle. While Moses was at the top of Mount Sinai, the people of Israel were at the bottom of the mountain and they made a golden calf to worship. Moses had been gone for several days and we can only imagine how Moses felt when he came down the mountain after just having received the laws of God, and the fact that God had forbidden graven images.

Exodus 32:19-24 - And it came to pass, as soon as he came nigh unto the camp, that he saw the calf, and the dancing: and Moses' anger waxed hot, and he cast the tables out of his hands, and brake them beneath the mount. And he took the calf which they had made, and burnt [it] in the fire, and ground [it] to powder, and strawed [it] upon the water, and made the children of Israel drink [of it]. 



And Moses said unto Aaron, What did this people unto thee, that thou hast brought so great a sin upon them? And Aaron said, Let not the anger of my lord wax hot: thou knowest the people, that they [are set] on mischief.  For they said unto me, Make us gods, which shall go before us: for [as for] this Moses, the man that brought us up out of the land of Egypt, we wot not what is become of him. And I said unto them, Whosoever hath any gold, let them break [it] off. So they gave [it] me: then I cast it into the fire, and there came out this calf.




When Moses went up into Biblical Mount Sinai to receive the Ten Commandments (Exodus 24:12-18), he left the Israelites for forty days and forty nights. The Israelites have calculated the 40 days by mornings and not by evenings and thus came to a wrong return date of Moses. When they saw that Moses did not return in time they demanded that Aaron make them "Gods" to go before them (Exodus 32:1). 

Aaron gathered up the Israelites' golden earrings, constructed a "molten calf" and "they" that demanded "gods" declared: "These [be] thy gods, O Israel, which brought thee up out of the land of Egypt." (Exodus 32:4) The plurality of gods depicted or honoured on the ear-rings became a united image of a calf, fashioned by Aaron with a "graving tool", a plurality in unity.[2]
Aaron built an altar before the calf and proclaimed the next day to be a feast to the LORD. 

So they rose up early the next day and "offered burnt-offerings, and brought peace-offerings; and the people sat down to eat and to drink, and rose up to play." (Exodus 32:6) God told Moses what the Israelites were up to back in camp, that they had turned aside quickly out of the way which God commanded them and he was going to destroy them and start a new people from Moses. Moses argued and pleaded that they should be spared (Exodus 32:11-14), and God "repented of the evil which He said He would do unto His people."



Moses went down from the mountain, but upon seeing the calf, he became angry and threw down the two Tablets of Stone, breaking them. Moses burnt the golden calf in a fire, ground it to powder, scattered it on water, and forced the Israelites to drink it. Aaron admitted collecting the gold, and throwing it into the fire along with cutting wood, and said it came out as a calf.

Then Moses stood in the gate of the camp, and said: 'Whoso is on the LORD's side, let him come unto me.' And all the sons of Levi gathered themselves together unto him. And he said unto them: 'Thus saith the LORD, the God of Israel: Put ye every man his sword upon his thigh, and go to and fro from gate to gate throughout the camp, and slay every man his brother, and every man his companion, and every man his neighbour.' 



And the sons of Levi did according to the word of Moses; and there fell of the people that day about three thousand men. (Exodus 32:26-28).  
*********************************************************************
GARBHA SANSKAR , NURTURING THE UNBORN CHILD IN THE WOMB- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Garbha Sanskar means -- moulding the mind and personality of the unborn .  -- “ Sanskaro hi gunaantaradhanam “

As per our Vedas a child's mental  development starts as soon as he is conceived.   

In 6000 year old Mahabharata,  Arjuna’s son Abhimanyu learnt how to enter the Chakravyuha while in the womb.  Modern science has just woken up to the secrets of the 7000 year old Garbha Upanishad. 


Lord Vishnu took an avatar of Narasimha to kill demon Hiranyakashipu. The story of Prahlad is from the Puranas.  Prahlad was born into a family of demons who were wreaking havoc on the Gods in heaven.  His mother listened to devotional prayers and stories about Lord Vishnu while he was in her womb.  As a result, he became a devotee of Lord Vishnu.

His personality begins to take shape in the womb, and this can be influenced by the mother's state of mind during pregnancy.   The baby feels your feelings even when it is developing in your womb, as per our Vedas.  Even what you visualize is known by the fetus. 
  


There are Garbha Sanskar ragas or Sama Veda Mantras accompanied by soothing sounds of Goddess Saraswati’s veena veena or Lord krishna’s flute.



It is very important for a pregnant woman to be stress free , have positive thoughts free of negativity. Keep away from negative people.  Unhappy and fearful  hormones warp the child’s DNA.   A pregnant mother must never ever watch horror movies.  One of the great secrets to happiness is to be immersed in an activity which you love.

“Supraja janan”,  of Ayurveda, involves detoxification of mind and body of a would be mother and father   three months prior to conception.  For the male it increases the quality of his sperm .  The sperm does NOT like hot places.  The man must eat fresh fish if he can.

According to Garbha Sanskar, your baby is able to sense and respond to outside influences like music and other sounds as well as your thoughts and feelings.

The pregnant woman must NOT have anything around which upsets her.  See pictures and albums which will arouse happy memories.  Even a pet can raise her feelings— but NO pet inside the bed room.

The woman must do Pranayama daily. If your baby's deprived of oxygen in the womb, the risk of poor growth -- and lower IQ -- increases.

Doing VIPASSANA meditation is good.   If the woman can pray it is good for the child. She must make peace with her past --so that she does NOT mar your present.   Mothers of retarded children must use their hind sight .

She must drink clean water and eat organic foods including folic acid foods –and expose her whole body to sunshine for a brief time.  Avoid all allergens .  Be happy and smile a lot.  She must be close to nature to take in the negative ions .

Cook in virgin coconut oil.  Have fresh turmeric in your diet.  Do NOR drink toxic A1 humpless cow milk.  If A2 milk of humped cow is not available eat only yoghurt.  All these will prevent premature birth. 

There's a strong link between birth weight, IQ score, and school achievement.  

The mother must ensure her baby is delivered naturally and NOT by caesarian . This is an important aspect of Garbha Sanskar which is neglected by all. 

I remember my wife’s mother used to make her swab the floor of the entire house on her haunches to strengthen her pelvic muscles.   Natural delivery children pick up some good bacteria and this provided them with immunity from allergens. 



Caesarian born babies lack a specific group of good bacteria, which found in babies delivered naturally, even if they were breastfed.   They take longer to accumulate good bugs, which delays exposure to microbes that kick start the immune system-- establishing immunity to allergies later on in life.  

Babies  born by cesarean section are six times more likely to be sensitive to dust mite allergens than babies born naturally.  The Babies who are born via C-section have a different microbiome in their gastrointestinal tract.

Babies born prematurely  miss out on the unique nourishment that the placenta provides, are exposed to stimuli they're normally protected from in the womb, and are more vulnerable to infection and allergy.

She must mentally talk and caress her growing baby .

The  baby's brain develops up to 60 per cent while in the womb.  Listen to Sanskrit mantras , which prevent the placenta from shrinking.  She must read books or watch TV which stimulates positive thinking.

The woman must have a sense of gratitude to the father of the baby.  Timeless rituals like Karva Chaut aid in this.  

There have been calls to eliminate the Karva Chauth festival by Western human rights commentators who hold it to be "anti-women" and to "perpetuate the notion of women's slavery to men."  How wrong they are.  

Grateful wives experience very deepest  levels of happiness.  She is nurturing her husband’s sperm. 



Stress and negativity releases Cortisol which  warps the child’s DNA.  Cortisol causes reduced growth and modifies the timing of tissue development as well as having long lasting effects on gene expression.

Warped DNA can even cause gay children ,retarded children or children with NO empathy.   

Women who wish to be pregnant must be tested for thyroid and make sure she is NOT HYPOthyroid— or TSH reading more than 3.

An enzyme in the placenta of the mother and the brain of the fetus acts as a barrier to protect the unborn baby from chemicals released in times of stress.    Prolonged negativity causes levels of the hormones of the pregnant mother to soar and overwhelm the protective barrier, resulting in the child being prone to schizophrenia.

Puberty is another sensitive time of development and stress experienced at this time can also be involved in programming adult mood disorders. During puberty children can be molested by gays be initiated to being a gay themselves.  



Sound of mother’s heartbeats is the first and nearest sound heard by the fetus and hence when the mother takes her crying child close to her the child stops crying and becomes calm.

A homeless woman may sleep next to the railway tracks.  She will sleep unaware of dozens of trains clattering past,  blowing their whistles— yet when the baby even lets out a whimper the mother wakes up to cuddle the baby.  This is the meaning of attunement and resonance between DNA.

Fish contain the omega-3 fatty acid known as docosahexaenoic acid, or DHA, which is necessary for optimal brain development.  Babies born to mothers with a deficiency of DHA develop visual and behavioral defects; mothers with high omega-3 intake during pregnancy tend to have children who do better on tests measuring verbal, social and communication skills during early childhood.

Sleep minimum 8 hours a day . Make sure you do NOT have sleep Apnea.

Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio (1.618) sound harmonics ( Sri Yantra )  with mathematical and geometrical precision for resonance..  




Mantras are scalar energy based longitudinal waves . They are  carrier waves with potent information within it. 

Mantras have immediate soothing effect makes the brain produce and release magic healing chemicals.  Errant and disturbing thought are killed! 



Mantras increase Prana or life force, sharpens intellect and boosts metabolism. Mantras can reduce the surface tension of water.  It centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing.




Below : Italian thief Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC -- see video below.





Mantras must begin and end with OM which resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz. .




OM has been lifted by Christianity to be AMEN, by Judaism to be SHALOM and by Islam to be 786 ( OM symbol shown into mirror ) – but the stolen version does NOT work.
*********************************************************************
SHAMBHAVI MUDRA , BYPASSING THE AMYGDALA BY PRATYAHARA TO STILL THE MIND - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT BY SHAMBHAVI MUDRA , DEEP SILENCE FOR HARMONY BETWEEN BODY MIND AND SOUL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The only reason why I am posting on this is because one of my readers asked me a doubt about this.

Till today I have NOT seen a single book or post on the internet , where they understood this supreme method of centering yourself , devised by Lord Shiva himself.   

This is just one of the 108 methods of VIGYANA BHAIRAV TANTRA — but the most potent one.

Foreigners from the West have come to India to learn Yoga and meditation from fake gurus—and they have gone back and written total nonsense and made moolah out of this .   

This nonsense have been lifted by ignorant Indians and today the art of Shambhavi Mudra is totally hijacked.   

A vicious cycle indeed.



Shambhavi Mudra is NOT about looking cockeyed like a moron.  

Take a gander yourself.

Punch into google search SHAMBHAVI MUDRA and then go to “images” and what to you see? You see some cockeyed idiots, right?

Well when you are told to “take a chair” – this does NOT mean you have to lift up a chair.  It means , to sit on it.    

Same way  Shambhavi Mudra is an act of concentrating on the inner third eye of Shiva ( Ajna Chakra ).  It does NOT mean that you have to try and look up at the centre of your forehead or the space between your eyebrows like a squint eyed nincompoop.



These ignorant idiots and doing bhrumadhya drishti or eyebrow centre gazing and calling it Shambhavi Mudra .  The word bhrumadhya means 'eyebrow centre', and drishti means 'gazing'.

This post serves to delete these false perceptions , relayed and sanctified over time--  even by several famous and respected Indian Yoga masters . 



Though it is the most potent method of Shiva’s 108 methods of Dhyana in Vigyana Bhairav Tantra, it is the easiest and most fruitful for ordinary persons like you and me.   It involves  blocking your senses  and hence sensory inputs .  It is easy to shut off everything except breathing, right?


We have 5 senses –sight, hearing, smell, taste and feel.    God has given us narrow bandwidths which became even more narrow as our original 12 strand DNA , NIL junk, became degraded to 2 strand , 97% junk.   Probably it is good as stress has become too much in modern times and we do NOT want an overload of sensory inputs. 



The ancient Maharishi with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland could use his body into most amazing uses.  



He could become invisible,  he could zap you with a mental blow, he could put his hand into steam ,  he could see auras and know what you are worth by just looking at you ( no need for written/ oral exams ),  he could teleport his virtual body  ( by the way levitation is NOT the human cadaver jumping up and down ), -- 



-- he could do telepathy , is a stinking place he could neutralise the smell , he could see the entire electromagnetic spectrum,  he could smell better than a blood hound,  he could hear beyond human  audio range ,  he could see complex math as a 3D fractal graph--, 

--  he could read akashik records , he could ingest poisons , he could feel your aura and tell what is ailing you etc etc.



Ahara means food.  But this is just one aspect. Any sensory input to your body and mind is an ahara. When you hear music it is ahara via your ears. When you see a silent movie it is ahara via the eyes.

The term pratyahara is composed of two Sanskrit words, prati and ahara.  Indriya Pratyahara means literally "control of ahara/ sensory inputs ,"  or in more erudite terms "gaining mastery over external influences."

It is compared to a turtle withdrawing itself its shell — the turtle’s shell is the mind and the senses are the limbs.  

Just as a healthy body can resists toxins and pathogens, a healthy mind can ward off the negative sensory influences around it.   If you are easily disturbed by the noise and turmoil of the environment around you,  or jolted out of your mind by every small pothole of stress on the street of your life, practice  pratyahara.  

Without it, you will not be able to meditate.

There are higher levels of Pratyahara.   Examples?  Prana- pratyahara — control of prana . Karma-pratyahara — control of action,  mano-pratyahara — withdrawal of mind from the senses.  These are beyond the scope of this post.


Shambhavi literally means - pertaining to Lord Shiva. Mudras are methods to control the flow of energy within the nadis of a human body.

Pure awareness is a simple experience —just a small gap in your thinking when you are without ego -- a small space of nothing--shuniata. 

“Nothing” doesn’t give answers!

Oh yeah ?

Let me tell you -- it IS the answer.  



Deep peace is the side effects of this experience of “no-thing” or “no-thought.”  It is the realization that you are more than your thoughts.  Something is there beyond your mind.  

Quantum entrainment  is a process that instantly gives the body, mind and spirit deep rest and fast healing.  It works in seconds.  Yes, pure awareness is the deepest rest you can ever get—and it is so dang easy .

The quantum entrainment seeker does “nothing,” yet everything gets done for him.

When we allow pure awareness to suffuse our consciousness, the magic begins.   Quantum entrainment effectively heals the body, mind, emotions, and spirit and centers you .  


शांभवी मुद्रिकाः कृत्वा आत्मप्रत्यक्षमानयेत।
बिन्दु ब्रह्ममयम दृष्टवा मनस्तत्र नियोजयेत॥

सत्यं सत्यं पुनः सत्यं सत्यामाह महेश्वरहः।
शांभवी यो विज्ञानियात्स च ब्रह्म न चान्यथा॥

~ घेरंड संहिता

By assuming the position of Shambhavi Mudra a Yogi should see the self.  When the Brahma is seen in the form of a dot he should fix his mind on it and nowhere else.   A Yogi who knows the science of Shambhavi he himself becomes Brahma  and none else.   I, Lord Maheshwara (Shiva), am telling this again and again that this is truth.-   Gherand Samhita ( Hatha Yoga ) 5000 BC

Gheranda Samhita is a 7 tier yoga:

Shatkarma for purification
Asana for strengthening
Mudra for steadying
Pratyahara for calming
Pranayama for lightness
Dhyana for perception
Samādhi for isolation

The white invader has kicked forward Gherand Samhita by an amazing 6600 years --thank god that they did NOT claim to have written it like our Vedas .

As per the 7000 year old Vedas,  perception occurs in the gap of alert attention. This is the inner space.  There are many methods to create this gap.  Shambhavi Mudra is the most potent and easiest method.

Negative thoughts  create negative feelings and hence stress and illness.  Our inner voice evaluates, judges, compares and worries.   Most people live with such a tormentor in their head draining them of energy. 

It is an awful burden not to be able to stop thinking.  Up to 90 % of most people’s thoughts are meaningless playbacks of old broken “records”.


Silencing the body is easy, but silencing the mind is difficult in this modern age.  Silencing is about grace, harmony and tranquility. Exhaustion or being drugged out of your mind is NOT tranquility. 

In the modern age people get stressed, and they need to still the mind--the chattering monkey, which remains entangled in the past and the imagined future, but never in the present.  A person stops thinking either when he is dead or when he has realised.  

When your ego powered mind is chattering like a monkey or the angry sea, you miss the truth.  Truth can be communicated only in silence. For this deep silence you need to have harmony between the mind, body and spirit.



Shambhavi Mudra synchronizes the 2 brain lobes to create inner balance.  When the left and right sides of the brain , are in balance the human DNA generates scalar waves.   When two energy fields exactly cancel out each other the 5th dimension is accessed which is all pervasive and has the power to heal.  

He is now in touch with higher levels or higher dimensions of functioning.  He will have  emotional stability and level headed approach to problems which confront him.  This is a fast,  amazingly simple, drug-free method of stimulating neural pathways in the brain.






All right, now let me talk about practicals.

Wear loose fitting clothes which does NOT constrict you in any way.  Sit on a smooth surface , in a comfortable meditation pose .  This is to eliminate sense of touch / feeling.

Put your thumbs in your ears and palm your eyes with your middle and fourth finger.

Now do OM CHANT with an audible MMMMMMM. 

You will feel intense vibrations inside your ear — the cochlea spiral passage resonated to 7.83 hertz ( OM frequeny and also earth’s heart beat frequency ) and your brain produces NITRIC OXIDE .

Now select a silent, NOT so bright, cool place space, where there are NO strong smells  .  This is to prevent any input of sense of hearing/sense/ smell .   If you can even feel the clock ticking-put  ear plugs –only if you are a beginner.

Keep the head,  shoulder and spine upright and straight.  And place the hands on the knees in (Jyana Mudra).  Upright is to keep the spirit level in the inner ear at equilibrium so that your brain lobes get balanced and synchronized.

Shut your eyes.   No need to be cockeyed .

Simply be mindful of in-and-out diaphrgmic breathing where you stomach rises and falls.   You may feel that your breathing is too short, too long, too gentle or too heavy.  Do not try to control it.  

When you become distracted, gently refocus your attention on your breathing.   Restrict your attention to what is occurring in the immediate present moment.   

When you feel you have blocked out all ahara ( feed ) via your senses of smell, sight, hearing and feeling , take a deep breath where you fill your lungs only 90 % and hold it .  Put your tongue on your upper palate and tickle it for just 2 seconds and stop.

Now start exhaling VERY slowly while keeping the tip of your tongue stationary on the roof of your mouth.

Don't think about the past or future— don't think about anything at all.  Let go of worries, concerns , and memories.  Empty your mind of everything.  

To be frank you cannot think even if if want to —I can challenge you on this .  

Do this 3 more times .  This means you inhale again , hold your breath and do the same thing.
Later on you do NOT need to hold your breath and you can do this procedure for LONGER TIME , without ear plugs and your eyes open against a blank far away wall of your room.

Do this exercise 5 times a day.  You must NOT have a full stomach.   You can drink some water before you do this.

This is it !

—so simple so fast , right?

The difference between prayer and meditation is that the former is a petition to God, and the other is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes, after squelching the 5 senses .  

The aim of every form of meditation is to still the mind, or you cant purify it and get rid of deep rooted negativities , which affect your health.   If you do meditation the right way , you mind will NOT control you –rather you will control your mind.

For a layman-- you are stressed when your hands feel cold, your heart rate, breathing, and muscle tension increases.  The result is that your immune system goes for a toss and you get depressed or burnt out..  

Depression is a weird feeling of loss.


Before SHAMBHAVI MUDRA is it good to hear the noise of the shankh.  This is a harmonic of Hindu King mantra OM of frequency 7.83 hertz, which is also the earths heart beat called Schumann’s resonance . 

The conch shell air passages have been moulder by the morphogenetic consciousness field. This field is the Advaita Hindu god brahmAn .  

Contrary to what the immoral idiots of other religions ( who ridicule Hindusim as with 33 million gods )  think— our God is an intelligent field which sustains the golden mean of 1.618 . This ratio is the basis of our 11000 year old divine geometry Sri Yantra which holds the theory of everything .

The pathway of the longitudinal sound waves through the passages of the shell conch follows the golden mean spiral, and it has a positive effect on the cochlea spiral, which is basically a scalar wave generator when impinged by longitudinal sound waves of desired frequency.   This has been noticed by using Kirlean cameras. 

Scalar fields permeate the body tissues and enhance ion transport at cellular level..   In every Hindu temple a shank conch exists. It stimulates the Amygdala with positive vibrations .  You enter a mysterious state of psychological flow.

Healing is NOT a physical process, rather it is mental. Modern medicine is all about destroying the symptoms .  ( never mind a pancreas is doing its job faithfully—hey, remove it ).  

Mind can wipe mistakes off the DNA blueprint and destroy any disease that has disturbed the design.  DNA's ability to repair itself is affected adversely when a person is in depression.

Meditation experiences silence, and is devoid of drives, wishes, fears , thoughts and emotions. Afterwards when the mind returns to its usual level of consciousness, it has acquired some freedom to move..  

Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy body.. The happiness is stable.   

Do Shambhavi Mudra in a grateful frame of mind , to thank the universal laws, which sustain this planet.  

For people who do NOT know what the amygdala is—

All sensory data must first pass through the amygdala for emotional analyzing, before being sent off to the cerebral cortex for processing.

The amygdala has in turn been implicated in nearly every psychiatric disorder.

Children with anxiety disorders tend to have a smaller left amygdala. Amygdala uses more blood than any other part of the brain.

We humans are conscious creatures because we have more amygdala nuclei.

There are functional differences between the right and left amygdala.

Electrical stimulations of the RIGHT amygdala induce negative emotions, especially fear and sadness. 



Amygdala is the center for emotional intelligence, as all sensory data must first pass through the amygdala for emotional analyzing, before being sent off to the cerebral cortex for processing.

Do Shambhavi mudra to overcome emotional and mental blocks that create negativity and spoil your social relationships. . 

Do it to boost your immune system and to improve  health and happiness by allowing the body’s natural intelligence to do whatever it takes.



People without wisdom slog throughout their lives to earn money.   Just when they are about to retire and enjoy the fruits of their labour they find that they too sick .  All their life’s earnings get swiped off in hospitals.  

He now becomes a burden to the same people whom he loved and nurtured throughout his life.

Rings a bell?








Grace and peace !
*********************************************************************
MY VISIT TO SRINGERI MUTT, EXHUMING BITTER TRUTHS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SRINGERI MUTT CREATED BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA IN 2000 BC, THE FOUR ORIGINAL MUTTS OF INDIA AND THE DOZENS OF FAKE ONES CREATED BY ROTHSCHILD , FAKE HINDU GODS AND FAKE HINDU GURUS CREATED TO DIVIDE AND RULE,  UNKNOWN TRUTHS ABOUT TULU LAND AND LANGUAGE OF TULU- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.

One of my readers wanted me to write about Tulu Brahmins .  This subject is too big to be contained within a comments column.  So I will integrate this info into a post where I talk about Sringeri Mutt.

Today I am in a mood to exhume shocking and bitter truths.  I will still be holding back most of the revelations as Indians are NOT ready for it.

A couple of days ago I visited Sringeri Mutt in Karnataka.  This is a place where Adi Shankaracharya spent 12 years of his 32 years of life, before he shed his mortal coil at Kedarnath temple in 2000 BC.

Below: These are fishes in the Tunga river at the ghats of Sringeri mutt.






Below: Two pachyderms-nay- elephants . Indian elephants are conscious creatures who pass the mirror test.






Above: The Vidyashankara temple at Sringeri Mutt has a dome resting on twelve pillars in a circular form -- huge monoliths carrying large figures and carrying heavy projecting corbels on top.  These twelve pillars are marked by the twelve signs of the zodiac in their regular order, and arranged in such a manner that the rays of the sun fall on each of them in the order of the twelve solar months—and ONLY on that rasi pillar.   

On the floor is a large circle, marked with converging lines to indicate the direction of the shadows.  Windows and doors along the temple walls are arranged such that equinoxes sunrise views reach the deity. The northern and southern gates enable the sunrise view from the hall during solstices. 

The sanctum sanctorum of Vidyashankara temple houses the black Shiva Lingam.  The other deities in the temple are Lord Ganesha and Goddess Durga . The Vidya Shankara temple is located on top of an underground  cave in which Sri Vidya Tirtha Mahaswamigal remains eternally immersed in Lambika Yoga Samadhi  ( the 10th pontiff 1229-1333 ). 

A bridge across the Tunga river leads to Narasimhavan--the abode of the Jagadguru and the burial shrines of the previous pontiffs.

Adi Shankaracharya was not born in 788AD, as the white historian ( who also said the Vedas were written by the white man)  established.

The river Tunga which flows part Sringeri mutt meets with river Bhadra to form the mighty Tungabhadra river 

Adi Shankaracharya while on his journeys saw an amazing sight of a Cobra standing guard over a frog laying eggs — and giving shade from the blazing sun with its flared up hood.  Frogs do NOT get pregnant as is written everywhere else .  

He watched the scene for a long time, and how the snake went away after the frog delivered , and felt the positive vibes of the place.  



He chose the same spot by the banks of the Tunga river to construct the Sringeri Mutt.   12 years of his short 32 years of life, he spent here to teach Advaita Vedanta.  

Contrary to what Indians and foreigners think— the original god of Sanatana Dharma ( brahmAn ) is unseen and is a morphogenetic consciousness field.

You must have seen how Christians , Muslims and Jews ridicule Hinduism for having 33 million gods.  All this is propaganda by the white Christian invader , to make Hindus self loathing. 



To know in more detail about ADVAITA Vedanta propagated by Adi Shankaracharya –

Punch into Google search-

ADVAITA VEDANTA PHILOSOPHY , ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL.

People man now wonder who is Lord Shiva whose lingam exists at Sringeri. The trinity of Lord Siva , Lord Vishnu and Lord Brahma are also intelligent fields , which form DVAITA Vedanta .  

This astounding wisdom can be understood only by the wise.  

Punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

Below : trinity of Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva of Elephanta Caves Mumbai 




Shiva is NOT a sex starved mortal tribal as tom tommed by an atheist Amish Tripati, and who is quoted extensively by the west.  For his efforts in running down Lord Shiva he has been rewarded by the Christians and the Jews.  

Below: You think Amitabh Bachchan has gone there for free?



His books containing nonsense about Lord Shiva The Immortals of Meluha, The Secret of the Nagas and The Oath of the Vayuputras ( Shiva Trilogy ) have been given excess publicity by Rothschild controlled media ) .  Forbes has ranked this desh drohi among the top 100 celebrities in India twice in a row, in 2012 and 2013.

I want every Hindu and every Indian to be proud of Hindusim and India. The ENTIRE culture of the west is just dirt under the fingernail of Indian culture.

Punch into Google search-

PROUD TO BE INDIAN PROUD TO BE HINDU VADAKAYIL

Before Adi Shankaracharya died, he established four Mutts to propagate Vedanta and the Advaita form of Hindusim at Sringeri,  Dwarka, Puri and Badrinath.

Each mutt was assigned one Veda.

The mutts are—

Jyothir Mutt ( Badrikashrama ) at Badrinath in northern India Himalayas  with Atharva Veda under Sri Totakacharya ;

Sarada Mutt at Sringeri in southern India with Yajur Veda under Sri Sureshwaracharya ;

Govardhan Mutt at Jaganath Puri in eastern India with Rig Veda under Sri Hastamalakacharya

and

Kalika Mutt at Dwarka in western India with Sama Veda, under  Sri Padmapadacharya .


The first Shankaracharyas mentioned above are FAKE acharyas cooked up by the white Christian historian.  Mind you they have given a full unbroken lineage since ( kicked forward in time by 2800 years ) Adi Shankaracharya.

It goes without saying that Sringeri mutt always commanded the highest veneration among the 4 mutts – and every Hindu must visit this place if possible..  

Yajur Veda has been totally injected with poison by the white historian.   Animal sacrifice has been injected.   Imagine vegetarian Maharishis s doing animal sacrifices.

Agnihotra yagna , Ashwamedha yagna was a parts of Yajurveda. The famous Isha Upanishad is also part of it.

Ashwamedha horse ritual has been given a horrible macabre and bestial twist by the white historian. Even venerated Queens were NOT spared— they were fornicating with stiff phalluses of dead horses .

To know more about Ashwamdeha ritual , a deed of very noble statesmanship and trust – REAL INTENTION WAS TO ESTABLISH LONG TIME PEACE WHEN WAR FATIGUED SOLDIERS COULD GO BACK TO THEIR FAMILIES -

Punch into Google search-
HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE  VADAKAYIL

Today in India there are dozens of Mutts – all created by the immoral white invader, to install their own POPE type stooges as Shankaracharyas to divide and control Hindus.  

The white man created rivalries between their created Mutts and the original 4 Mutts of Adi Shankaracharya. 

They even got the 4 original mutt of Adi Shankarachaya superceeded by these fake newly created mutts .

Punch into Google search-
KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL

They fooled the Hindus with cock and bull stories . These stooges installed by the white man did their bidding. They created hatred in the low caste Hindu for the Brahmin. 

The original Vedic system did NOT have dalits or low castes .  This was a fake creation of the white invader to drive fissures into Hindusim.

Punch into Google search-
THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

The white invader did NOT even spare the Shankaracharyas of the 4 original mutts.  If they refused to toe the line, they just disappeared mysteriously , and new stooge replacements came with new fake wills.  

Today every information you get about Hindusim on the Internet is fake.

You can see hundreds of sites which falsely say that Adi Shankaracharya died at Kanchi Mutt. There are no record anywhere in India of a Kanchi Mutt or a Kanchi shakha of Sringeri Mutt .

When Adi Shankaracharya established his mutt at Sringeri, he built 4 guardian temples on the surrounding hills –on the East is Kalabhairava, on e the West is Anjaneya, on the South is Durga and on the North is Kali.

Tipu Sultan destroyed hundreds of temples in North Kerala and stole the gold, which was swiped away by Rothschild .  This gold is the base of Rothschild’s banking empire .  

Tipu Sultan was a mass murderer of Kerala Hindus .  His evil deeds have been white washed by the waitress and Salman Khurshid and just to get Muslim votes, his float represented Karnataka state in the Republic day parade of 2014 at New Delhi.

Punch into Google search-
TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

Yet Tipu Sultan would never set out for war unless he consulted Hindu astrologers. Tipu Sultan paid generously for a Sahasra Chandi ritual for protection in war at Sringeri Mutt. 

Later in a letter he wrote to the Sankaracharya Sacchidanada Bharati III ( 1770- 1814 ) that the rite was very powerful and effective.  

He then invited the Shankaracharya to visit his palace at  Srirangapatnam -  QUOTE for wherever he stayed , there it rained in plenty, the harvest was bountiful and every prosperity attended the people UNQUOTE.

Sringeri Mutt , the southernmost Mutt had a minor shakha or branch at Kumbakonam, but none at Kanchi .   Such shakhas are very common and there  are 5 Adi Sankaracharya shakhas around Sringeri itself at Kudali, Avani, Pushpagiri, Virupksha and Sankeshwar. 

In their endeavor to do DIVIDE AND RULE , the owners of British East India Company who ruled India , German Jew Rothschild conducted a false flag attack on Sringeri Mutt in 1791 using their masked horsemen of the mercenary Laman regiment.  

Laman is son of Lehi for the Jews .  Lehi is the “warrior for Jerusalem”.  The priceless treasures in Sringeri Mutt was looted .

This was immoral political treachery to divide and rule and to drive a wedge between the ordinary Hindu Kannada citizens and the Hindu Marathas , with added benefit of the Hindu Marathas suspecting Muslim Tipu Sultan .  Tipu Sultan flatly denied that he attacked Sringeri Mutt. 

All the rare Sanskrit manuscripts in Math , Science, Astronomy and original copies of Yajur Veda and Upanishads were stolen from Sringeri Mutt.

The Muslim would burn it, he wont steal.  Hindus would neither steal nor burn.

All these manuscripts were used in Europe later to steal knowledge and patent it in the names of the white Christians and Jews.  These precious books were kept in the Sringeri library as the monastery is devoted to Goddess Saraswati ( Sri Sharadamba ) , the goddess of learning.

Below : Sri Sharadamba temple at Sringeri Mutt.



Below: Sri Sharadamba deity of Sringeri 

 


Ever heard of a traitor and double agent by the name of  Purnayya (1746 - 1812), aka Krishnacharya Purnaih  who was the Dewan of Mysore?

Purniah was a member of Tipu's inner cabinet.   As per Salman Khurshid type fake Islamic historians , this man was the only Hindu in an all-Muslim team.  But the fact remains that he fooled Tipu Sultan by a fake conversion and assumed the Islamic name of Mir Miran.  

Opportunistic Purniah attended every single military campaign Tipu Sultan led including the ones to Kerala where thousands were massacred.

Rothschild had their French division in Mysore. If the British made war with some king, the French would rush to support the king .

Today we can see Mukesh and Anil Ambani playing out this old trick. One will be with the ruling party and the other in “cahoots” with the opposition.  

The truth is both British and French were controlled by Rothschild.  Rather  the Rothschild French family branch took care of this.  Tipu Sultan was aided by the French, who made sure that the British would swipe all the gold he collected from Kerala temples in one go. 

The gunpowder and rockets which French Rothschild gave Tipu Sultan would NOT fire against the British—as they were duds.

It was Purnaih who screwed Tipu Sultan .



In the Third Anglo-Mysore War of 1792, Purniah commanded the rocket units which would NOT fire.   Tipu Sultan did NOT die in the battle field.  He was shot on the left check while having breakfast in 1799 . 

Purnaih sent the palace guards to collect their salary and Tipu was unguarded. Rothschild has allowed Tipu Sultan to rule, till he did the DIRTY and disgraceful job of breaking all Kerala temples using gunpowder and made a nice heap of gold at his palace in Srirangapatnam. 

Rothschild’s fastest and sturdiest clipper ships were waiting for several months  The gold was swiftly loaded on the ships which sailed to Germany and this was the base capital given to Nathan Rothschild in 1799, to set up the modern day banking cartel.


The British did the job so well that they rewarded  Purniah to be the the first Dewan ( Prime Minister ) of the newly formed state of Mysore. 

They arm twisted the Queen Regent Lakshammanni to agree .

The descendant Rajeev Purnaiya was the Founder and Managing Director of CyberBazaar, India’s first and largest conferencing company.    

Below: PM Purnaih's house is now a Post Office.



Now how does Purnaih fit into this post about Sringeri Mutt.  Well, he converted the Sringeri Shankaracharya Sankaracharya Sacchidanada Bharati III ( 1770- 1814 ) from a mortal into a God.

So, here is the cock and bull story tom tommed by the British invader . Just to show how the original four mutts of Adi Shankaracharya were remote controlled by Rothschild.

The wise PM of Mysore Purnaiah challenged the Shankaracharya of Sringeri mutt to a debate.   

The acharya insisted on a curtain separating him from the other debater ( and onlookers who could only hear ) as it is unbecoming of the acharya of a Mutt to debate with a mere mortal.   

After several hours of intense debate Purnaiah heard the voice on a woman instead of a man.   

He jumped up and pulled the curtains aside just in time to see Sri Sharadadevi ( Goddess Saraswati, wife of Lord Brahma ) in human form .   

She immediately merged into the body of the acharya ( sic ! )  .  

PM Purnaiah then fell at the acharya’s  feet and begged for forgiveness.  

Excuze pleajje -- i feel like crying now--

SNIFF !

BOOOOOO HOOOOOOOOOOO !

See , this is what happens when a Shankaracharya of even an original Mutt Sringeri , toes the line of the of the white Christian invader, the owner of British east India company Jew Rothschild and their Indian administrative stooges.  

His predecessor Sankaracharya Narasinha Bharati VII ( 1767-1770 ) who was NOT co-operative with the white invaders was arbitrarily removed after 3 years on the hot seat ..

"The Diwan Purnayya seems to pursue the wisest and the most benevolent course for the promotion of industry and opulence" (Gen. Wellesley in Kamath 2001, p. 249)

Now I need to talk briefly about the much maligned Brahmins.

The Brahmins did NOT oppress the dalits ( low castes ) as written by the white historian to divide and rule.  The exception to this are the Namboodiris of Kerala.  Namboodidris are the FIRST among Brahmins, handpicked by Lord Parashurama ( avatar of Vishnu )  . 

The ten Vishnu Avatars are:
1. Matsya (the fish)
2. Koorma (the tortoise)
3. Varaha (the boar)
4. Narasimha (the human-lion)
5. Vamana (the dwarf)
6. Parasurama ( the angry man, Rama with an axe)
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman)
9. Lord Ayyappa.
10. Kalki (the mighty warrior)--the FINAL avatar.

When the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC , there was a mass exodus and the Vedas ( written in hand in Sanskrit in 5000 BC ) were in danger .

From 4000 BC to 2000 BC, the Vedas remained in Kerala with the Namboodiris, till Adi Shankaracharya decided to propagate it in 2000 BC all over India .  

When Lord Parashurama came to Kerala he faced resistance when he tried to donate lands to the Namboodidris.   Parashurama throwing the axe is more about Parashurama using axe power. The fact remains that the best lands in Kerala were owned by the Namboodiris.  They were the landowners or the Zamindars. 

Even the king was under the power of Namboodiris. Namboodiris would NOT allow the land to be divided by sub division and fragmentation among brothers and sisters .  

The elder son would marry a Namboodiri woman, while the younger brothers were allowed to have FREE SEX and procreate. These procreated children always carried swords ( Nairs ) and protected the Namboodiris who were racists of the first order and oppressed the people who were NOT Nairs. .

Punch into Google search-

THE WORST RACISTS VADAKAYIL

To be frank, Namboodiris never sucked up to Rothschild or the British.   They must be credited for keeping the Vedas alive through 800 years of slavery- the reason why the whole world knows today that the ancient Indian was an highly evolved human being . 

We must be grateful to the Namboodiris despite all their gaandmasti .  

And it is a hard job studying from morning till night. It is far easier to be a dalit and do unskilled jobs without responsibilities .

Oh yeah?

I believe you—you loved your exams and all those midnight hours .

NAMBOODIRIS WERE ZAMINDARS , WHILE IN THE REST OF INDIA, THE ZAMINDARS WERE NOT BRAHMINS.   

THESE BRAHMINS WERE LITERALLY HAND TO MOUTH.   

EVERY PANCHATANTRA STORY TALKED ABOUT “ FINANCIALLY POOR BRAHMIN” .

The Panchatantra stories are NOT fake.

Punch into Google search-
SUPER PANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL

Only people with money and property producing food can boss around.  All over India their sole income of Brahmins was Biksha (alms) given by the land-lords , who were non-Brahmins.    

A lot of Brahmins were teachers (guru) and priests without salary.  

They survived on devotee offerings. T he Brahmin’s traditional occupation was that of purohits officiating religious functions.   

Brahmins never ruled India . 

Why have people swallowed the bulls#it of BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar , who wanted British rule to continue.  

Is there NO perception or intelligence?

Wanna know more about these two traitors to Bharatmata ?

Punch into Google search-

CNN-IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI  SHAM AWARD VADAKAYIL

and

HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE  VADAKAYIL

A few days ago I saw an idiot by the name of Kancha Ilaiah running down Manu.  

Listen, you squeaky fu#kin’ as$hole— Manu never said or wrote all those things attributed to him by BR Ambedkar.  

Manu was a noble soul.

Punch into Google search-
DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

Namboodiris had Samurais with swords , their own bastard off springs emanating from rampant free sex SAMBANDHAM.  

But the Brahmins in the rest of india never had such sword power , or sponsorship.  Nor were they rich and powerful.   All they had was an effin' langot, a dang dhoti and a poonulu thread .

How well Rothschild spread false stories to divide Hindus and convert low castes to Christianity. 

How well they used the shankaracharyas of their FAKE mutts and their “installed shankaracharya stooges” ( gods) in the 4 original mutts— to prevent low castes entering temples and drinking from public wells.

AND THEY ROBBED INDIA BLIND AND CONVERTED US FROM THE RICHEST COUNTRY TO THE POOREST ON THE PLANET.

BUT LET ME BREAK THEIR BUBBLE— INDIA IS STILL THE RICHEST , DESPITE ROTHSCHILD STEALING OUR GOLD AND FILLING UP THE VAULTS OF FED RESERVE , FORT KNOX,  BANK OF ENGLAND, UNDERGROUND VAULTS OF THE KINGPIN JEW IN GERMANY ETC .   

WE STILL HAVE 53000 TONS OF GOLD IN PRIVATE HOMES .   

YOUNGEST IMF CHIEF ECONOMIST RAGHURAM RAJAN CAN ONLY DREAM OF SIPHONING IT OFF FOR HIS MASTERS – 

IT WILL NOT HAPPEN.

Lord Male Mahadeshwara of Sri Salur Mutt of South Karanataka was born to a Virgin Mary equivalent  , a white skinned virgin woman known as Uttarajamma—see we have IMMACULATE CONCEPTION here.

If there could be immaculate conception of the white Christian man's Mary  , then WALKING ON WATER cannot be far away right?

So , why not ? Let's have some walking on water Jesus style for good measure.

Sri Padmapadacharya the first acharya  of the Dwaraka mutt walked on ganges water – he went one up actually, miraculously lotuses appeared wherever he put his foot --nay charan kamal on water.

And if so what about Sri Totakacharya of  Jyothir Mutt at Badrinath  ? Surely the British would devise something for him.

So our man Totakacharya was late for a discourse by Adi Shankaracharya (who was kicked forward in time by 2800 years)  .  The class was held up and one disciple expressed his view that the class must begin without Totakacharya.  Peeved Adi Shankaracharya did telepathy and endowed our tardy Tota with full knowledge of the shastras .  He joined the class and started reciting verses after verses in Totaka meter.  All this made the Hindus very happy and respectful of the person occupying the hot seat, right?

What about Sri Hastamalakacharya of Govardhan Mutt Puri. Surely he is also of divine origin as late at 9th century AD.  Actually he was an idiot till the age of 13 who could NOT even talk.  He started talking as soon as he saw Adi Shankaracharya.  You see he got spontaneous knowledge. But hey, there is a story behind this.  

Here is the story QUOTE On the bank of the Jamuna, a great sage was seated in contemplation when some brahmin girls came there to bathe. One of them had a baby two years old. She placed him by the side of the sage and asked him to take care of it till she bathed. The baby slowly crawled into the river and was drowned. The mother was aghast. She took out the dead body of the child and wept bitterly before the sage. The sage was quite oblivious of the happenings awoke from his samadhi. He was moved by pity for the grieving mother. By the powers of his yoga, he left his body and entered the body of the child. The dead child sprang into life. That child was Hastamalaka. This explained how he came to have such an all-comprehensive knowledge without any apparent instruction.UNQUOTE

What about Sri Sureshwaracharya of Sarada Mutt at Sringeri? S urely we must know about his greatness His original nae was Mandana Misra .  He embarked on a 8 day debate with Adi Shankaracharya . Ubhaya Bharati, the wife of Mandana Mishra, agreed to serve as the judge.  She gave them each a garland of flowers. She said that the person whose garland faded away first was the loser of the debate.  

After 8 days Misra JI found that his flower garland had faded and he fell prostrate on the feet of Adi Shankaracharya .  At the end of the marathon debate a pleased Adi Shankaracharya made him his disciple and gave him the name of Sri Sureshwaracharya.   Ubhaya Bharati disappeared from the mortal vision and regained her celestial form as Saraswati Devi, the Goddess of Knowledge.

The white immoral historian FU#KED IT UP – for he did NOT even know that in Sanatana Dharma the rishis never debated . 

The Indian maharishis were the first to engage their great minds in dialectics in philosophy—the  method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses—all in the most peaceful natural surroundings  .

The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more rishis , master or student - people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

This is in contrast to debate of our man Misra JI  in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge or even a garland of fade HO flowers is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long monologue oration conducted by a single stupid person.

So—so—all the four original Mutts were formed NOT in 2000 BC, but in the 9th century AD , and all were  manned on the hot seat by super men .  Better listen to all of them .

If this is the story of the 4 ORIGINAL mutts, what about the FAKE mutts ?

The white historian made Sri Madhvacharya  died 1278 AD,  as the founder of DVAITA Vedanta, when actually it belongs to hoary antiquity with the trinity of Brahma. Vishnu and Shiva.  But hey, Madhavachara did NOT have a clue of the real Dvaita Hindusim.


Hear this out – BLAH BLAH BLAH-- Dvaita Vedanta (dualistic conclusions of the Vedas) espouses dualism by theorizing the existence of two separate realities. The first and the more important reality is that of Vishnu or Brahman.  BLAH BLAH Vishnu is the supreme Self, God, the absolute truth of the universe, the independent reality. The second reality is that of dependent but equally real universe that exists with its own separate essence. BLAH BLAH Everything that is composed of the second reality, such as individual soul (Jiva), matter, etc. exist with their own separate reality. The distinguishing factor of this philosophy as opposed to Advaita Vedanta (monistic conclusion of Vedas) is that God takes on a personal role and is seen as a real eternal entity that governs and controls the universe -- BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH 

TEE HEEEE !

The traditional year of birth of Adi Sankaracharya was accepted by the Sringeri mutt in the 19th century as 44 BC.

Recently in 2003 CE the Sankaracharyas of Puri,  Dwaraka and Badrinath jointly declared in a weak hearted manner , that Adi Sankaracharya was born in 509 BC.   

Our NCERT Books are still afraid of Max Muller and they still print Adi Shankaracharya as of 9th century AD..   

Last year they however shifted the date of Rig Veda to be 2500 BC instead of 1500 BC as fixed by Max Muller, the employee of German Jew Rothschild.

Punch into Google search-
MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS, SARASWATI 9000 BC  VADAKAYIL.

German Jew Max Muller even got Lok Manya Bal Ganghadara Tilak ( a Chitpavan Jew nay Brahmin ) to write the book ARTIC HOME OF THE VEDAS to show that our Vedas were written by the white skinned blonde haired man.

Max Muller’s bias to show that the Old Testament of the Bible as the earliest scripture in the world has been exposed, once his letters to his own wife became available from the British archives.  




Max baby and Rothschild never expected an Internet age , right?   




As the first five chapters (the Pentateuch) of the Old Testament of the Bible was composed by the prophet Moses in 1500 BC Max Muller wanted to show that Rigveda and all Indian scriptures were composed subsequent to 1500 BC ( actually it is 5000 BC ) to show Judaism as supreme.

And today in India we do DNA tests to know that there was never an Aryan invasion—rather it was an exodus from Saraswati river banks outwards when the river became non-perennial in 4000 BC.

The matha gurus follow the philosophy of Advaita Vedanta. 

The Sringeri  Mutt  subscribe to the Vedic phrase Aham Brahma Asmi, which means, I am  Brahman.  



BrahmAn ( the morphogenetic consciousness field ) is the god of Hindusim as per Advaita Vedanta of Adi Shankaracharya.

This means god resides in your DNA.

This verse is taken from Brihadaranyaka Upanishad of Yajur Veda .

It figures as number 10 in the Muktika canon of 108 Upanishads and was commented upon by Adi Shankaracharya.

I remember , my school morning prayer was from the 7000 year old Brihadaranyaka Upanishad.

ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मामृतं गमय ।।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ।। – बृहदारण्यक उपनिषद् 1.3.28.

oṁ asato mā sad gamaya
tamaso mā jyotir gamaya
mṛtyor mā amṛtaṁ gamaya
oṁ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ – bṛhadāraṇyaka upaniṣad 1.3.28

Lead Us From the Unreal To the Real,
Lead Us From Darkness To Light,
Lead Us From Death To Immortality,
Let There Be Peace Peace Peace. – Brihadaranyaka Upanishad 1.3.28.



The entire lineage ( 32 nos Jagadgurus since 820 AD to today ) of Sankaracharyas of Sringeri Mutt have superhuman incidents attributed to them .  You and me are NOT supposed to question it.  

Even today none of them understand Advaita Vedanata of Adi Shankaracharya other than—
 QUOTE to an Advaitin, Shiva is Vishnu and Vishnu is Siva.  Both are one and the same. UNQUOTE

The head of the matha is called Jagadguru (teacher to the world) and also carries the Shankaracharya name as a title. The present Sringeri Shankaracharya is Shri Bharati Tirtha since 1989.  The Sringeri Shankar Mutt now has over 130 branches all over India.

Since India became Independent pro-Christian and Islam Congress governments have taken away lands of Mutts in the name of Land reforms.  So much so that most Mutts are struggling to maintain themselves.

Even these small FAKE mutts have such nading over taking over procedures all supported by the white Christian invader. I have recently seen PARYAYA live on TV to know what happens at Udupi Mutt.  It is more or less like a viceroy handing taking over-- which is NOT the Hindu way.  

Below: What is the need to DAZZLE  and baffle ?  Sorry, in Hinduism we do NOT have such elaborate and ceremonial POPE hand over take over ceremony.  Nor do we have Popes who can issue fiats, fatwas and diktats.



Paryaya is a system in which the eight pontiffs of Udupi undertake the responsibility of worshipping Lord Krishna and manage the temple by turn for a fixed period of time.  The swamiji who is in change of the worship and other rituals is known as the paryay swamiji.  His Mutt is then known as the Paryaya Mutt. The duration of the tenure is known as the paryaya period. The ceremony of handing over the charge of Sri Krishna Mutt to the new swamiji is known as the paryaya festival.

During British rule they encouraged Veera Shaiva Lingatyaths to establish a FAKE Mutt at Sringeri, when the Sankarachaya Sri Sacchidananda Bharati II ( 1706-1741 ) had gone  to Udipi.  They had to shut down due to resistance of local Hindus.  Finally Bajirao, the Peshwa of Maharashtra came to know of this incident and kicked the Veerashaiva Lingayaths out of Sringeri.

Madhvacharya - 1191-1278 AD ( Purna Prajna ) has been attributed by the white historian to have built 8 mutts in Udupi and also founded the Daviat Vedanata , which existed thousands of years before him . 
 
You must remember there were only 4 original mutts before the British East India Conpany owned by Rothschild came to India.   The British got many more mutts to be created so that they could install their own stooges as acharyas ( Popes ) and control the people spiritually and politically.  

The British more specifically Jew Rothschild made the lower classes hate the Brahmins to make them also hate Hindusim and convert in disgust to Christianity.

The British who created Madhavacharya and back dated him, called him Hanuman in swimming and Bhimasena in weightlifting. They created a lore that Madhavacharya went to Kurukshetra with his disciple, excavated the mace of Bhima and buried it back .  

The British converted Madhavacharya to be the third incarnation of Vayu – the first two of course being Hanuman and Bhima.  




Madhavacharya installed the idol in Sri Krishna temple of Udupi, which he got from the sea. This black idol with a staff ( dasher churner ) in the hand .  This temple is now called a Mutt. 



He also created eight Mathas -- Pejavara, Puttige, Palimaru, Adamaru, Sodhe, Kaniyooru, Shirur and Krishnapura .  During the Paryaya festival, held every two years, the temple management is handed over to the next Matha.  Each of the Mathas is headed by a Swami, who will be in charge of the temple during his Paryaya.  The Paryaya is held on even years like 2008, 2010 and 2012.

You see there were many drohis who injected poison into Hindusim for money , much before Amish Tripati and Devdutt Pattanaik..

Though the white man succeeded in running down Hindusim, this amazing religion has bounced back in style. Today most of the white men prefer cremation as per ancient Hindu rites –rather than cremation.

But see the irony of all this.   Kedarnath Shiva temple was the place Adi Shankaracharya shed his mortal coil. This temple was to have Namboodiri Brahmins from Kerala.  But Rothschild created his own Shiva community—the Veerashaiva Lingayaths – kicked out the Namboodiri priests , fudged all records .  

Today the priests from Lingayath community are not even Hindus for they bury their dead , against the basic tenets of Hinduism and do NOT care for the Vedas.  

I will reveal only certain truths by this post—an avalanche of exhumed truth will cause a revolution and a severe backlash—people are just NOT ready.

Till the white invader came to India nobody heard of Madhavacharya who is tom tommed by Rothschild controlled historians to have been born in1238 AD –  neither did anybody hear of a book written by him called Sarvadarshansamgraha, which praises atheism and Ayn Rand ( Rothschild ) materialism called Charvaka ( sic !).

According to the FAKE and POISON INJECTED Carvaka, the soul is only the body qualified by intelligence. It has no existence apart from the body, only this world exists, there is no beyond—the Vedas are a cheat, the "incoherent rhapsodies of knaves"; they serve to make men submissive through fear and rituals.

The Carvakas mocked religious ceremonies, calling them inventions of the Brahmins to ensure their own livelihood. The authors of the Vedas were "buffoons, knaves, and demons." Those who make ritual offerings of food to the dead, why do they not feed the hungry around them? 

Like the other two heterodox schools, Jainism and Buddhism, they criticized the caste system and stood opposed to the ritual sacrifice of animals. When the Brahmins defended the latter by claiming that the sacrificed beast goes straight to Swarga Loka (an interim heaven before rebirth), the Carvakas asked why the Brahmans did not kill their aged parents to hasten their arrival in Swarga Loka.   

The R historian has written that Brahaspati is indeed considered to be the founding father of Charvaka thought. It is his verses, for example, that the FAKE Madhvacharya quotes in his "Sarvadarsanasangraha"—and thus gave credibility .

Sorry Brihaspati existed in hoary antiquity, in the times of Shukracharya –who was the political advisor of King Mahabali of Kerala –whom Vishnu killed by assuming the Vamana avatar.

In their ethics, the Carvakas upheld a kind of hedonism: the only goal people ought to pursue is maximizing sensual pleasure in life while avoiding pain—the kind that proceeds from over-indulgence and instant gratification—the quintessential Ayn Rand philosopy.

Punch into Google search-

THE BACK SWING OF JOHNA GALT VADAKAYIL

Now for TULU stuff-

Tulu Nadu is a tract of land  of approx area 8400 sq kmabout  4.5% of the total area of Karnataka with Mangalore and Udipi as part of it.    

It is bordered by the Arabian Sea to the west, Uttara Kannada to the north, Shivamogga to the north-east, Chikkamagaluru to the east, Kodagu and Hassan to the south-east and Kasargod in Kerala to the south.  

Tulu is the primary spoken language in the region, but other languages like Konkani, Kannada, and Beary are also spoken.

In 4000 BC Lord Parashurama led a band of Namboodiris clutching on to the original Vedas and Upanishads to Kerala , when the river Saraswati became non-perennial, due to a tectonic shift.

Some Brahmins not associated with the Vedas , also followed them and stopped at Goa- Zuari river. There they remained till a rabid Catholic Portuguese missionary started torturing the Brahmins , with the connivance of the Pope in Vatican.

Punch into Google search-
PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL.

All these Brahmins ran helter skelter, abandoning their properties and belongings –some of them came to Tulu Nadu.

Namboodiris had a system where only the eldest son married.  Rest of the younger brothers had rampant FREE SEX with attractive girls and even married women whom they fancied, called SAMBANDHAM, and the the offsprings became Kshatyriyas called Nairs .  Nairs always carried swords ( like umbrellas ) and were fiercely loyal to the Namboodiris,  who held all the land. 

Punch into Google search-
THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH VADAKAYIL .

Some of these younger Namboodiri brothers who had NO rights to land or even a proper wife / children came to Tulu Nadu to start afresh and establish their own roots . They went to Tulu Nadu away from their elder brother’s influence. This is the reason why Tulu Language script has so much similarity with Malayalam, thanks to these Embranthiris and the Pottis.

Later this Tulu script vanished into thin air due to the efforts of Germen Jew Rothschild controlled Basel Mission and the Gunderts .

Who are the Gunderts? They tried to prove that the 6500 year old Malayalam is just a language born 300 years ago—and that too like a tape worm parasite in the stomach of Tamil. They stole all the Malayalam books on Math, Science, Astronomy, Astrology, Homeopathy, Ayurveda , Scriptures translated into Malayalam etc and took it to Germany. 

The opportunistic Tamil Iyers were in cahoots.. These same forces undermined Tulu language too. Today Tulu is written in Kannada script.

Punch into Google search-
HERMANN GUNDERT, HERMANN HESSE AND MALAYALAM  VADAKAYIL.

Some people may argue. These people do NOT know how advanced Kerala was in mathematics. Today even BBC and Wikipedia accepts it.

Punch into Google search-

ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL



Later, some of these Tulu Brahmins migrated to Kerala . But they were NOT accepted back as Namboodiris . So these Brahmins continued with their Tulu culture in their daily life. Mind you some of these Tulu Brahmins had married even from attractive low caste women and even fisher folk from Tulu Land .   

After some time , a few of them migrated back to Tulu Land where they had better memories and no need to do oneupmanship with the Namboodiri Brahmins .  They really felt insulted when the pure namboodidris did NOT allow them to participate in homams and rituals , which they were qualified to do.

Even today Embranthiris do NOT care for the Tulu patron saint madhavacharya.  Being ex- Namboothiris do will not accept any Aacharya.  Namboodris were the highest of all the Brahmins as ordained by Lord Parashurama.

Today the number of Tulu speakers is more than 35 lakhs.  There is a deep sense of bonding between a Tulu and a Tulu.

The Tulu language was originally written using the Tulu script, which is an adaptation of Grantha script. 

At the beginning of the 20th century the original script was abandoned in favour of the Kannada script—again thanks to Basel Mission who had a bone to pick with the Namboodiris and with Malayalam and anything to do with Malayalam.. 

The Basel Mission would use their printing press to print Tulu prose in Kannada alone.  The first thing they did was to translate Bible to Tulu and print it in Kannada. Imagine tomorrow some powerful evangelist comes along with monopoly in printing and they start printing Hindi in Urdu alone.

Now taking a query from one of my readers-

Tulu language has four dialects, which are broadly similar, with very slight variations.  Tulu Brahmins are subdivided into Shivalli Brahmins, Sthanika Brahmins , Tuluva Hebbars etc.  

Sthanika Brahmins or Subramanya Brahmins follow Smartha tradition and are followers of Advaita philosophy taught by Adi Shankaracharya.  The Jagadguru of Sringeri Sharada Peetham is their Kulaguru.  

In 1924 Sringeri Mutt had given a notification that Smaratha Brahmins can be called as Subramanya Sthanika Brahmins. Most of the Sthanika Brahmins prefix their native place name in front of their names and many of them have surnames.  

Shivalli brahmins  and Sthanika Brahmins would NOT eneter into marriage alliance.or even eat in the same restaurant. For all this they must blame the divide and rule policies of the British for which they uses the acharya stooges they installed in their fake mutts.

The Muslim community of Tulu Nadu were  Arab traders who married local women and settled there—two arab wives here in desert land  and two Indian wives there .  Some of these women are good looking. . They speak the Beary language, which is a mix of Tulu and Malayalam. 

Some of them are Urdu speaking Hyderabadi Razakars who faced severe retribution for their past misdeeds and are still in hiding—and their loyalties are with Pakistan..

Punch into Google search-

RAZAKARS OF MIM , OPERATION POLO TO ANNEX HYDERABAD TO INDIAN UNION  VADAKAYIL

Till 17th century Malayalam and Tulu ( Tilagari ) alphabets were identical ( Grantha script which evolved from Brahmi ) .  From the beginning of 18th century, a close version of the Malayalam alphabet was being used to write Tulu.  German Basel missionary Rev. Männer, published the first dictionary of the Tulu language in 1886.

Modern day Tulu literature is written using the Kannada script.  Tulu speakers have a separate culture from the Kannadigas within India.

The Śhivaḷḷi Brahmins who follow the bullshit Dvaita philosophy founded by Madhvacharya of Udupi are called Shivalli Madhwa Brahmins.   Those who follow the Advaita Vedanta philosophy of Adi Shankaracharya  and are known as Shivalli Smartha Brahmins.  

Shivalli in  justa village between Udupi and Manipal—or Shiva-Halli which means the village of Shiva.  

Udupi has two shiva temples Chandramouleshwara temple and Ananteshwara temple near the famous Sri Krishna temple, which has been converted into a Mutt to grab POPE power.  

All enter Chandramouleshwara temple and then Ananteshwara temple before entering Krishna Matha on auspicious occasion.   

There are plenty of Tulu speaking Shivalli Brahmins in Mumbai running Udipi restaurants which serve cheap , hygienic , mouth watering dishes.


In kerala we have Tulu associations all over – as Malayalis are educated and tolerant. Tuluvas have more in common with Malayalis than Kannadigas—I am sure all of them know that.   Both follow matrilineal system,  use coconut oil and boiled rice and have similar physical and facial features. 

Brahmins who carry the surname Potty are divided in to Malayalam speaking and Tulu speaking.
The Brahmins of the Dakshina Kannada district have had the ancient tradition of going to centers of learning in Kerala for higher studies in scriptures,  Math,  Ayurveda Astronomy and Astrology.  

No Tuluva pride or Kannadiga pride can wish this away.  

It were this scholars who invented the Tulu scripts , first for mantras and then for knowledge. Israel Aron of Basel Mission ( an employee of Rothschild ) he prepared a Tulu-English dictionary of about 18000 words and this was published in 1886.  

This was followed in 1988,by an English-Tulu dictionary  published by Rev. Manner of Basel Mission—he had written-the Tulu words both in Kannada script and modified Roman script.  In 1872 J. Bigel wrote, “Grammar of The Tulu Language.”

Tuluva pride party keeps giving unsolicited information  that Tulu Mahabharata was written in the 15th century— bull of the first order .


A couple of these FAKE mutts and their British stooge acharyas sustained the FAKE Devadasi  child prostitute system, where good looking virgins from remote villages would be chosen for servicing the white man in the garb of female kitchen help .

I will write a separate post on the Devadasi system—a miltch cow indeed.  More than 1 million Anglo Indians – a mulatto race was produced by the white invader OUTSIDE wedlock, yet nobody asks questions about cheating and rape.

Most of the foreign funded good Samaritan NGOs ostensibly helping the poor girls , were actually cheating them, by scouring the area for good looking children whose relatives could be fooled by a token cash advance , with promises of balance 90% later , soon.  

How soon ?

Your guess is as good as mine.


I will post separate on the MILCH COW DEVADASI SYSTEM where the poor girls remain where they are, and the good samaritans nay—messiahs , become rich..

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

CLICK ON LOAD MORE SO MORE COMMENTS AFTER THE 200TH COMMENT.

Grace and peace !





These profound verses in Sanskrit was penned  by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC while at Varanasi.   He reminds you about MOKSHA – the liberation form the endless cyle of death and re-birth.    Govinda is Lord Vishnu.

Adi Shankara, accompanied by his disciples, was walking along a street in Varanasi one day when he came across an aged scholar urging his disciples to learn Verses by heart with emphasis on the rules of Sanskrit grammar .   

Feeling the need to correct this method Adi Shankaracharya wrote these profound words of wisdom.


भजगोविन्दं भजगोविन्दं
गोविन्दं भजमूढमते .
संप्राप्ते सन्निहिते काले
नहि नहि रक्षति डुकृञ्करणे .. १..	
Text1
bhajagovindaṁ bhajagovindaṁ 
govindaṁ bhajamūḍhamate |
samprāpte sannihite kāle
nahi nahi rakśati ḍukṛñkaraṇe || 1

Worship Govinda, Worship Govinda, Worship Govinda. Oh fool! Rules of Grammar will not save you at the time of your death.


मूढ जहीहि धनागमतृष्णां
कुरु सद्बुद्धिं मनसि वितृष्णाम् .
यल्लभसे निजकर्मोपात्तं
वित्तं तेन विनोदय चित्तम् .. २..	
Text 2
mūḍha jahīhi dhanāgamatṛṣṇāṁ
kuru sadbuddhiṁ manasi vitṛṣṇām |
yallabhase nijakarmopāttaṁ
vittaṁ tena vinodaya cittam || 2

Oh fool! Give up your thirst to amass wealth, devote your mind to thoughts to the Real. Be content with what comes through actions already performed in the past.


नारीस्तनभर नाभीदेशं
दृष्ट्वा मागामोहावेशम् .
एतन्मांसावसादि विकारं
मनसि विचिन्तय वारं वारम् .. ३..	
Text3
nārīstanabhara nābhīdeśaṁ
dṛṣṭvā māgāmohāveśam |
etanmāṁsāvasādi vikāraṁ
manasi vicintaya vāraṁ vāram || 3

Do not get drowned in delusion by going wild with passions and lust by seeing a woman's navel and chest. Bodies are flesh, fat and blood. Do not fail to remember this again and again in your mind.


नलिनीदलगत जलमतितरलं
तद्वज्जीवितमतिशयचपलम् .
विद्धि व्याध्यभिमानग्रस्तं
लोकं शोकहतं च समस्तम् .. ४..	
Text 4
nalinīdalagata jalamatitaralaṁ
tadvajjīvitamatiśayacapalam |
viddhi vyādhyabhimānagrastaṁ
lokaṁ śokahataṁ ca samastam || 4

Uncertain is the life of man as rain drops on a lotus leaf. Know that the whole world remains a prey to disease, ego and grief.


यावद्वित्तोपार्जन सक्तः
स्तावन्निज परिवारो रक्तः .
पश्चाज्जीवति जर्जर देहे
वार्तां कोऽपि न पृच्छति गेहे .. ५..
Text 5
yāvadvittopārjana saktaḥ
stāvannija parivāro raktaḥ |
paścājjīvati jarjara dehe
vārtāṁ ko'pi na pṛcchati gehe || 5

So long as a man is fit and able to support his family, see the affection all those around him show. But no one at home cares to even have a word with him when his body totters due to old age.


यावत्पवनो निवसति देहे
तावत्पृच्छति कुशलं गेहे .
गतवति वायौ देहापाये
भार्या बिभ्यति तस्मिन्काये .. ६..
Text 6
yāvatpavano nivasati dehe
tāvatpṛcchati kuśalaṁ gehe |
gatavati vāyau dehāpāye
bhāryā bibhyati tasminkāye || 6

When one is alive, his family members enquire kindly about his welfare. But when the soul departs from the body, even his wife runs away in fear of the corpse.


बालस्तावत्क्रीडासक्तः
तरुणस्तावत्तरुणीसक्तः .
वृद्धस्तावच्चिन्तासक्तः
परे ब्रह्मणि कोऽपि न सक्तः .. ७..
Text 7
bālastāvatkrīḍāsaktaḥ
taruṇastāvattaruṇīsaktaḥ |
vṛddhastāvaccintāsaktaḥ
pare brahmaṇi ko'pi na saktaḥ || 7

Childhood is lost in play. Youth is lost by attachment to woman. Old age passes away by thinking over many past things. Alas! Hardly is there anyone who yearns to be lost in Parabrahman.


काते कान्ता कस्ते पुत्रः
संसारोऽयमतीव विचित्रः .
कस्य त्वं कः कुत आयातः
तत्त्वं चिन्तय तदिह भ्रातः .. ८..
Text 8
kāte kāntā kaste putraḥ
saṁsāro'yamatīva vicitraḥ |
kasya tvaṁ kaḥ kuta āyātaḥ
tattvaṁ cintaya tadiha bhrātaḥ || 8

Who is your wife? Who is your son? Strange is this samsara. Of whom are you? Where have you come from? Brother, ponder over these truths.


सत्सङ्गत्वे निस्स्ङ्गत्वं
निस्सङ्गत्वे निर्मोहत्वम् .
निर्मोहत्वे निश्चलतत्त्वं
निश्चलतत्त्वे जीवन्मुक्तिः .. ९..
Text 9
satsaṇgatve nissṇgatvaṁ
nissaṇgatve nirmohatvam |
nirmohatve niścalatattvaṁ
niścalatattve jīvanmuktiḥ || 9

From Satsanga comes non-attachment, from non-attachment comes freedom from delusion, which leads to self-settledness. From self-settledness comes Jivan Mukti (liberation).


वयसिगते कः कामविकारः
शुष्के नीरे कः कासारः .
क्षीणेवित्ते कः परिवारः
ज्ञाते तत्त्वे कः संसारः .. १०..
Text 10
vayasigate kaḥ kāmavikāraḥ
śuṣke nīre kaḥ kāsāraḥ |
kśīṇevitte kaḥ parivāraḥ
jñāte tattve kaḥ saṁsāraḥ || 10

What good is lust when youth has fled? What use is a lake which has no water? Where are the relatives when wealth is gone? Where is samsara (the continuaiton of birth and death) when the Truth is known?


मा कुरु धन जन यौवन गर्वं
हरति निमेषात्कालः सर्वम् .
मायामयमिदमखिलं हित्वा
ब्रह्मपदं त्वं प्रविश विदित्वा .. ११..
Text 11
mā kuru dhana jana yauvana garvaṁ
harati nimeṣātkālaḥ sarvam |
māyāmayamidamakhilaṁ hitvā
brahmapadaṁ tvaṁ praviśa viditvā || 11

Do not boast of wealth, friends, and youth. Each one of these are destroyed within a minute. Free yourself from the illusion of the world of Maya and attain the timeless Truth.


दिनयामिन्यौ सायं प्रातः
शिशिरवसन्तौ पुनरायातः .
कालः क्रीडति गच्छत्यायुः
तदपि न मुञ्चत्याशावायुः .. १२..
Text 12
dinayāminyau sāyaṁ prātaḥ
śiśiravasantau punarāyātaḥ |
kālaḥ krīḍati gacchatyāyuḥ
tadapi na muñcatyāśāvāyuḥ || 12

Daylight and darkness, dusk and dawn, winter and springtime come and go. Time plays and life ebbs away. But the storm of desire never leaves.


द्वादशमञ्जरिकाभिरशेषः
कथितो वैयाकरणस्यैषः .
उपदेशो भूद्विद्यानिपुणैः
श्रीमच्छन्करभगवच्छरणैः .. १३..
Text 13
dvādaśamañjarikābhiraśeṣaḥ
kathito vaiyākaraṇasyaiṣaḥ |
upadeśo bhūdvidyānipuṇaiḥ
śrīmacchankarabhagavaccharaṇariḥ || 13

This bouquet of twelve verses was imparted to a grammarian by the all-knowing Shankara, adored as the bhagavadpada.


काते कान्ता धन गतचिन्ता
वातुल किं तव नास्ति नियन्ता .
त्रिजगति सज्जनसं गतिरैका
भवति भवार्णवतरणे नौका .. १४..
Text 14
kāte kāntā dhana gatacintā
vātula kiṁ tava nāsti niyantā |
trijagati sajjanasaṁ gatiraikā
bhavati bhavārṇavataraṇe naukā || 14

Oh mad man! Why this engrossment in thoughts of wealth? Is there no one to guide you? There is only one thing in three worlds that can save you from the ocean of samsara. Get into that boat of satsangha (knowledge of the Truth) quickly.


जटिलो मुण्डी लुञ्छितकेशः
काषायाम्बरबहुकृतवेषः .
पश्यन्नपि चन पश्यति मूढः
उदरनिमित्तं बहुकृतवेषः .. १५..
Text 15
jaṭilo muṇḍī luñchitakeśaḥ
kāṣāyāmbarabahukṛtaveṣaḥ |
paśyannapi cana paśyati mūḍhaḥ
udaranimittaṁ bahukṛtaveṣaḥ || 15

There are many who go with matted locks, many who have clean shaven heads, many whose hairs have been plucked out; some are clothed in saffron, yet others in various colors --- all just for a livelihood. Seeing truth revealed before them, still the foolish ones see it not.


अङ्गं गलितं पलितं मुण्डं
दशनविहीनं जतं तुण्डम् .
वृद्धो याति गृहीत्वा दण्डं
तदपि न मुञ्चत्याशापिण्डम् .. १६..
Text 16
aṇgaṁ galitaṁ palitaṁ muṇḍaṁ
daśanavihīnaṁ jataṁ tuṇḍam |
vṛiddho yāti gṛihītvā daṇḍaṁ
tadapi na muñcatyāśāpiṇḍam || 16

Strength has left the old man's body; his head has become bald, his gums toothless and leaning on crutches. Even then the attachment is strong and he clings firmly to fruitless hope.


अग्रे वह्निः पृष्ठेभानुः
रात्रौ चुबुकसमर्पितजानुः .
करतलभिक्षस्तरुतलवासः
तदपि न मुञ्चत्याशापाशः .. १७..
Text 17
agre vahniḥ pṛṣṭhebhānuḥ
rātrau cubukasamarpitajānuḥ |
karatalabhikśastarutalavāsaḥ
tadapi na muñcatyāśāpāśaḥ || 17

Behold there lies the man who sits warming up his body with the fire in front and the sun at the back; at night he curls up the body to keep out of the cold; he eats his beggar's food from the bowl of his hand and sleeps beneath the tree. Still in his heart, he is a wretched puppet at the hands of passions.


कुरुते गङ्गासागरगमनं
व्रतपरिपालनमथवा दानम् .
ज्ञानविहिनः सर्वमतेन
मुक्तिं न भजति जन्मशतेन .. १८..
Text 18
kurute gaṅgāsāgaragamanaṁ
vrataparipālanamathavā dānam |
jñānavihinaḥ sarvamatena
muktiṁ na bhajati janmaśatena || 18

One may go to the Ganga, observe fasts, and give away riches in charity! Yet, devoid of jnana, nothing can give mukthi even at the end of a hundred births.


सुर मंदिर तरु मूल निवासः
शय्या भूतल मजिनं वासः .
सर्व परिग्रह भोग त्यागः
कस्य सुखं न करोति विरागः .. १९..
Text 19
sura mandira taru mūla nivāsaḥ
śayyā bhūtala majinaṁ vāsaḥ |
sarva parigraha bhoga tyāgaḥ
kasya sukhaṁ na karoti virāgaḥ || 19

Take your residence in a temple or below a tree, wear the deerskin for the dress, and sleep with mother earth as your bed. Give up all attachments and renounce all comforts. Blessed with such vairagya, could any fail to be content?


योगरतो वाभोगरतोवा
सङ्गरतो वा सङ्गवीहिनः .
यस्य ब्रह्मणि रमते चित्तं
नन्दति नन्दति नन्दत्येव .. २०..
Text 20
yogarato vābhogaratovā
saṇgarato vā saṇgavīhinaḥ |
yasya brahmaṇi ramate cittaṁ
nandati nandati nandatyeva || 20

One may take delight in yoga or bhoga, may have attachment or detachment. But only he whose mind steadily delights in Brahman enjoys bliss, no one else.


भगवद् गीता किञ्चिदधीता
गङ्गा जललव कणिकापीता .
सकृदपि येन मुरारि समर्चा
क्रियते तस्य यमेन न चर्चा .. २१..
Text 21
bhagavad gītā kiñcidadhītā
gaṇgā jalalava kaṇikāpītā |
sakṛdapi yena murāri samarcā
kriyate tasya yamena na carcā || 21

Let a man read but a little from the Bhagavad-Gita, drink just a drop of water from the Ganga, worship Murari (Krishna) just once. He then will have no altercation with Yama (the lord of death).


पुनरपि जननं पुनरपि मरणं
पुनरपि जननी जठरे शयनम् .
इह संसारे बहुदुस्तारे
कृपयाऽपारे पाहि मुरारे .. २२..
Text 22
punarapi jananaṁ punarapi maraṇaṁ
punarapi jananī jaṭhare śayanam |
iha saṁsāre bahudustāre
kṛpayā'pāre pāhi murāre ||22

Born again, death again, birth again to stay in the mother's womb! It is indeed hard to cross this boundless ocean of samsara. Oh Murari! Redeem me through Thy mercy.


रथ्या चर्पट विरचित कन्थः
पुण्यापुण्य विवर्जित पन्थः .
योगी योगनियोजित चित्तो
रमते बालोन्मत्तवदेव .. २३..
Text 23
rathyā carpaṭa viracita kanthaḥ
puṇyāpuṇya vivarjita panthaḥ |
yogī yoganiyojita citto
ramate bālonmattavadeva || 23

There is no shortage of clothing for a monk so long as there are rags cast off the road. Freed from vice and virtue, onward he wanders. One who lives in communion with God enjoys bliss, pure and uncontaminated, like a child and as someone intoxicated.


कस्त्वं कोऽहं कुत आयातः
का मे जननी को मे तातः .
इति परिभावय सर्वमसारम्
विश्वं त्यक्त्वा स्वप्न विचारम् .. २४..
Text 24
kastvaṁ ko'haṁ kuta āyātaḥ
kā me jananī ko me tātaḥ |
iti paribhāvaya sarvamasāram
viśvaṁ tyaktvā svapna vicāram || 24

Who are you? Who am I? From where do I come? Who is my mother, who is my father? Ponder thus, look at everything as essence-less and give up the world as an idle dream.


त्वयि मयि चान्यत्रैको विष्णुः
व्यर्थं कुप्यसि मय्यसहिष्णुः .
भव समचित्तः सर्वत्र त्वं
वाञ्छस्यचिराद्यदि विष्णुत्वम् .. २५..
Text 25
tvayi mayi cānyatraiko viṣṇuḥ
vyarthaṁ kupyasi mayyasahiṣṇuḥ |
bhava samacittaḥ sarvatra tvaṁ
vāñchasyacirādyadi viṣṇutvam || 25

In me, in you and in everything, none but the same Vishnu dwells. Your anger and impatience is meaningless. If you wish to attain the quality of Vishnu soon, have Sama Bhaava always.


शत्रौ मित्रे पुत्रे बन्धौ
मा कुरु यत्नं विग्रहसन्धौ .
सर्वस्मिन्नपि पश्यात्मानं
सर्वत्रोत्सृज भेदाज्ञानम् .. २६..
Text 26
śatrau mitre putre bandhau
mā kuru yatnaṁ vigrahasandhau |
sarvasminnapi paśyātmānaṁ
sarvatrotsṛja bhedājñānam || 26

Do not waste your efforts to win the love of or to fight against friend and foe, children and relatives. See yourself in everyone and give up all feelings of duality completely.


कामं क्रोधं लोभं मोहं
त्यक्त्वाऽत्मानं भावय कोऽहम् .
आत्मज्ञान विहीना मूढाः
ते पच्यन्ते नरकनिगूढाः .. २७..
Text 27
kāmaṁ krodhaṁ lobhaṁ mohaṁ
tyaktvā'tmānaṁ bhāvaya ko'ham |
ātmajñāna vihīnā mūḍhāḥ
te pacyante narakanigūḍhāḥ || 27

Give up lust, anger, infatuation, and greed. Ponder over your real nature. Fools are they who are blind to the Self. Cast into hell they suffer there endlessly.


गेयं गीता नाम सहस्रं
ध्येयं श्रीपति रूपमजस्रम् .
नेयं सज्जन सङ्गे चित्तं
देयं दीनजनाय च वित्तम् .. २८..	
Text 28
geyaṁ gītā nāma sahasraṁ
dhyeyaṁ śrīpati rūpamajasram |
neyaṁ sajjana saṇge cittaṁ
deyaṁ dīnajanāya ca vittam || 28

Regularly recite from the Bhagavad-Gita, meditate on Vishnu in your heart, and chant His thousand glories. Take delight to be with the noble and the holy. Distribute your wealth in charity to the poor and the needy.


सुखतः क्रियते रामाभोगः
पश्चाद्धन्त शरीरे रोगः .
यद्यपि लोके मरणं शरणं
तदपि न मुञ्चति पापाचरणम् .. २९..	
Text 29

sukhataḥ kriyate rāmābhogaḥ
paścāddhanta śarīre rogaḥ |
yadyapi loke maraṇaṁ śaraṇaṁ
tadapi na muñcati pāpācaraṇam || 29

He who yields to lust for pleasure leaves his body a prey to disease. Though death brings an end to everything, man does not give up the sinful path.


अर्थमनर्थं भावय नित्यं
नास्तिततः सुखलेशः सत्यम् .
पुत्रादपि धन भाजां भीतिः
सर्वत्रैषा विहिआ रीतिः .. ३०..
Text 30
arthamanarthaṁ bhāvaya nityaṁ
nāstitataḥ sukhaleśaḥ satyam |
putrādapi dhana bhājāṁ bhītiḥ
sarvatraiṣā vihiā rītiḥ || 30

Wealth is not welfare, truly there is no joy in it. Reflect thus at all times. A rich man fears even his own son. This is the way of wealth everywhere.


प्राणायामं प्रत्याहारं
नित्यानित्य विवेकविचारम् .
जाप्यसमेत समाधिविधानं
कुर्ववधानं महदवधानम् .. ३१..
Text 31
prāṇāyāmaṁ pratyāhāraṁ
nityānitya vivekavicāram |
jāpyasameta samādhividhānaṁ
kurvavadhānaṁ mahadavadhānam || 31

Regulate the pranas (life airs within), remain unaffected by external influences and discriminate between the real and the fleeting. Chant the holy name of God and silence the turbulent mind. Perform these with care, with extreme care.


गुरुचरणाम्बुज निर्भर भकतः
संसारादचिराद्भव मुक्तः .
सेन्द्रियमानस नियमादेवं
द्रक्ष्यसि निज हृदयस्थं देवम् .. ३२..	
Text 32
gurucaraṇāmbuja nirbhara bhakataḥ
saṁsārādacirādbhava muktaḥ |
sendriyamānasa niyamādevaṁ
drakśyasi nija hṛdayasthaṁ devam || 32

Oh devotee of the lotus feet of the Guru! May thou be soon free from Samsara. Through disciplined senses and controlled mind, thou shalt come to experience the indwelling Lord of your heart!


मूढः कश्चन वैयाकरणो
डुकृञ्करणाध्ययन धुरिणः .
श्रीमच्छम्कर भगवच्छिष्यै
बोधित आसिच्छोधितकरणः .. ३३..
Text 33
mūḍhaḥ kaścana vaiyākaraṇo
ḍukṛñkaraṇādhyayana dhuriṇaḥ |
śrīmacchamkara bhagavacchiṣyai
bodhita āsicchodhitakaraṇaḥ || 33

Thus was a silly grammarian lost in rules cleansed of his narrow vision and shown the Light by Shankara's apostles.


भजगोविन्दं भजगोविन्दं
गोविन्दं भजमूढमते .
नामस्मरणादन्यमुपायं
नहि पश्यामो भवतरणे .. ३४..	
Text 34
bhajagovindaṁ bhajagovindaṁ
govindaṁ bhajamūḍhamate |
nāmasmaraṇādanyamupāyaṁ
nahi paśyāmo bhavataraṇe || 34

Worship Govinda, worship Govinda, worship Govinda, Oh fool! Other than chanting the Lord's names, there is no other way to cross the life's ocean.


There were 14 disciples along with Adi Shankaracharya when the incident which prompted these verses too place at Varanasi.  

Adi Shankaracharya said that this world is just an illusion ( Maya ) and not a reality.  Today we know that our 5 senses are too narrow and squelched and the spectrum is too wide.

BrahmAn , the supreme morphogenetic consciousness field alone is real, eternal and, being the ground of the world, yet transcends it, while this world is transient and changing .

Only by following the laws of the universe ( to reduce Karmic baggage ) shedding ego and surrender to god can one get rid of this endless cycle of births and deaths ( Moksha ).

Bad qualities like lust, anger, greed, attachment and egotism prevents self-realization.  Shankara asks, "What then is the use of human life if one never tries to realize one’s true nature?"

A man who has attained Mokhsha while still living ( Jivan Mukth ) is enlightened and his sense of finitude is removed.  He realizes ‘Aham Brahmasmi’ – I am Brahman, ‘Tattvamasi’ – You are Brahman, and  Sarvam Khalvidam Brahma’ – Everything is  Brahman.   Namaste is about bowing to the brahmAn in you—which resides in the DNA.

When one attains this stage, jiva never identifies itself either with the three states of matter (Jaagrith, Swapna, Sushupthi of OM symbol ) or with the panchakoshas.   One realizes that it is above all these and transcends everything.

Punch into Google search-
MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL.



OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)

Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.

The following words and meanings are added as an
appendix to allow the reader to learn Sanskrit words.


भज
= worship;
गोविन्दं
= Govinda;
मूढमते
= O, foolish mind!;
संप्राप्ते
= ( when you have) reached/obtained;
सन्निहिते
= (in the) presence/nearness of;
काले
= Time (here:Lord of Death, Yama);
नहि
= No; never;
रक्षति
= protects;
डुकृञ्करणे
= the grammatical formula DukRi.nkaraNe;
.. १..
= Text 1
मूढ
= Oh fool!;
जहीहि
= jahi+iha, leave/give up+here(in this world);
धन
= wealth;
अगम
= coming/arrival;
तृष्णां
= thirst/desire;
कुरु
= Do;act;
सद्बुद्धिं
= sat.h+buddhiM, good+awareness(loosely speaking:mind);
मनसि
= in the mind;
वितृष्णां
= desirelessness;
यल्लभसे
= yat.h+labhase, whatever+(you)obtain;
निजकर्म
= nija+karma, one's+duty(normal work);
उपात्त
= obtained;
वित्तं
= wealth;
तेन
= by that; with that;
विनोदय
= divert/recreate(be happy);
चित्तं
= mind;
.. २..
= 2
नारी
= woman;
स्तनभर
= breasts that are(full-with milk);
नाभीदेशं
= nAbhI+deshaM, navel+region/country;
दृष्ट्वा
= having seen;
मागा
= mA+gaa, Don't+go;
मोहावेशं
= infatuated state(moha+AveshaM-seizure);
एतन्
= this;
मांसावसादि
= mAmsau+Adi, flesh+etc;
विकारं
= appearance (generally, grotesque/ugly);
मनसि
= in the mind;
विचिन्तय
= think well;
वारं
= again;
वारं
= and again;
.. ३..
= 3
नलिनीदलगत
= nalinI+dala+gata, lotus+petal+reached/gone;
जल
= water(drop);
अतितरलं
= ati+tarala, very+unstable;
तद्वत्
= like that;
जीवित
= life;
अतिशय
= wonderful;
चपलं
= fickle-minded;
विद्धि
= know for sure;
व्याधि
= disease;
अभिमान
= self-importance;
ग्रस्तं
= having been caught/seized;
लोकं
= world;people;
शोकहतं
= attacked(hata) by grief(shoka);
च
= and;
समस्तं
= entire;
.. ४..
= 4
यावत् 
= so long as;
वित्त
= wealth;
उपार्जन
= earning/acquiring;
सक्तः
= capable of;
तावन्निज
= tAvat.h+nija, till then+one's;
परिवारः
= family;
रक्तः
= attached;
पश्चात्
= later;
जीवति
= while living(without earning);
जर्जर
= old/digested (by disease etc);
देहे
= in the body;
वार्तां
= word (here enquiry/inquiry);
कोऽपि
= kaH+api, whosoever; even one;
न
= not;
पृच्छति
= inquires/asks/minds;
गेहे
= in the house;
.. ५..
= 5
यावत्
= so long as;
पवनः
= air/breath;
निवसति
= lives/dwells;
देहे
= in thge body;
तावत्
= till then;
पृच्छति
= asks/inquires;
कुशलं
= welfare;
गेहे
= in the house;
गतवति
= while gone;
वायौ
= air(life-breath);
देहापाये
= when life departs the body;
भार्या
= wife;
बिभ्यति
= is afraid;fears;
तस्मिन्काये
= tasmin.h+kaye, in that body;
.. ६..
= 6
बालः
= young boy;
तावत्
= till then (till he is young);
क्रीडा
= play;
सक्तः
= attached/engrossed/absorbed;
तरुणः
= young man;
तावत्
= till then;
तरुणी
= young woman;
सक्तः
= attached/engrossed;
वृद्धः
= old man;
तावत्
= till then;
चिन्ता
= worry;
सक्तः
= attached/engrossed/absorbed;
परे
= in the lofty;high;supreme;
ब्रह्मणि
= Brahman.h ;God;
कोऽपि
= whosoever;
न
= not;
सक्तः
= attached/absorbedengrossed;
.. ७..
= 7
काते
= kA+te, who+your;
कान्ता
= wife;
कस्ते
= kaH+te, who+your;
पुत्रः
= son;
संसारः
= world/family;
अयं
= this;
अतीव
= great/big/very much;
विचित्रः
= wonderful/mysterious;
कस्य
= whose;
त्वं
= you;
कः
= who;
कुतः
= from where;
आयातः
= have come;
तत्त्वं
= truth/nature;
चिन्तय
= think well/consider;
तदिह
= tat.h+iha, that+here;
भ्रातः
= brother;
.. ८..
= 8
सत्सङ्गत्वे
= in good company;
निस्सङ्गत्वं
= aloneness/non-attachment/detachment;
निर्मोहत्वं
= non-infatuated state/clearheadedness;
निश्चलतत्त्वं
= tranquillity/imperturbability;
जीवन्मुक्तिः
= salvation+freedom from bondage of birth;
वयसिगते
= vayasi+gate, when age has advanced/gone;
.. ९..
= 9
कः
= who/what use( in the sense of kva?(where));
कामविकारः
= sensual/sexual attraction;
शुष्के
= in the drying up of;
नीरे
= water;
क
= what( use) is the;
कासारः
= lake;
क्षीणे
= spent-up/weakened state of;
वित्ते
= wealth;
कः
= what( use) for;
परिवारः
= family(is there?);
ज्ञाते
= in the realised state;
तत्त्वे
= truth;
कः
= what (use) is;
संसारः
= world/family bond;
.. १०..
= 10
मा
= do not;
कुरु
= do/act;
धन
= wealth;
जन
= people;
यौवन
= youth;
गर्वं
= arrogance/haughtiness;
हरति
= takes away/steals away;
निमेषात्
= in the twinkling of the eye;
कालः
= Master Time;
सर्वं
= all;
माया
= delusion;
मयं
= full of/completely filled;
इदं
= this;
अखिलं
= whole/entire;
हित्वा
= having given up/abandoned;
ब्रह्मपदं
= the state/position of Brahma/god-realised state;
त्वं
= you;
प्रविश
= enter;
विदित्वा
= having known/realised;
.. ११..
= 11
दिनयामिन्यौ
= dina+yAminI, day + night;
सायं
= evening;
प्रातः
= morning;
शिशिर
= frosty season;
वसन्तौ
= (and) Spring season;
पुनः
= again;
आयातः
= have arrived;
कालः
= Master Time;
क्रीडति
= plays;
गच्छति
= goes (away);
आयुः
= life/age;
तदपि
= tat.h+api, then even;
न
= not;
मुञ्चति
= releases;
आशा
= desire;
वायुः
= air (the wind of desire does not let off its hold);
.. १२..
= 12
द्वादशमञ्जरिकाभिः	= by the bouquet consisting of 12 flowers (the 12 shlokas above)
अशेष
= without remainder/totally;
कथित
= was told;
वैयाकरणस्यैषः
= to the grammarian+this;
उपदेशः
= advice;
भूद्
= was;
विद्यनिपुणै	= by the ace scholar Shankara (Plural is used for reverance);
श्रीमच्छन्करभगवत्+चरणैः = by Shankaracharya, known as shankarabhagavat,.. १३..                                           charaNAH or pAdAH, plural for reverence (13)
काते
= kA+te, who+your;
कान्ता
= wife;
धन
= wealth;
गतचिन्ता
= thinking of;
वातुल
= ;
कि
= ;
तव
= your;
नास्ति
= na+asti, not there;
नियन्ता
= controller;
त्रिजगति
= in the three worlds;
सज्जन
= good people;
संगतिरैका
= sa.ngatiH+ekA, company+(only) one (way);
भवति
= becomes;
भवार्णव
= bhava+arNava, birthdeath+ocean;
तरणे
= in crossing;
नौका
= boat/ship;
.. १४..
= 14
जटिलः
= with knotted hair;
मुण्डी
= shaven head;
लुञ्छितकेश
= hair cut here and there;
काषाय
= saffron cloth;
अम्बर
= cloth/sky;
बहुकृत
= variously done/made-up;
वेषः
= make-ups/garbs/roles;
पश्यन्नपि
= even after seeing;
चन
= cha(?)+na, and +not;
पश्यति
= sees;
मूढः
= the fool;
उदरनिमित्तं
= for the sake of the belly/living;
बहुकृतवेषः
= various make-ups/roles;
.. १५..
= 15
अङ्गं
= limb(s);
गलितं
= weakened;
पलितं
= ripened(grey);
मुण्डं
= head;
दशनविहीनं
= dashana+vihInaM, teeth+bereft;
जातं
= having become;
तुण्डं
= jaws/mouth?;
वृद्धः
= the old man;
याति
= goes;
गृहीत्वा
= holding the;
दण्डं
= stick(walking);
तदपि
= then even;
न
= not;
मुञ्चति
= lets go/releases/gives up;
आशापिण्डं                      = AshA+pindaM, desire+lump(piNDaM also means rice-ball .. १६..                                   given as oblation for the dead (16)
अग्रे
= in front of/ahead/beforehand;
वह्निः
= fire ( for worship);
पृष्ठेभानुः
= pRishhThe+bhaanuH, behind+sun;
रात्रौ
= in the night;
चुबुकसमर्पितजानु
= face dedicated to(huddled up between) the knees;
करतलभिक्षा
= alms in the palms;
तरुतलवासं
= living under the trees;
तदपि
= then even;
न
= not;
मुञ्चति
= releases/lets go;
आशा
= desire;
पाशं
= rope/ties;
.. १७..
= 17
कुरुते
= one takes resort to;
गङ्गासागर
= the sea of Ganga (banks of the Ganges);
गमनं
= going;
व्रत
= austerities;
परिपालनं
= observance/governance;
अथवा
= or/else;
दानं
= charity;
ज्ञानविहिनः
= (but)bereft of knowledge  of the Self;
सर्वमतेन
= according to all schools of thought/unanimously;
मुक्तिं
= salvation/freedom;
न
= not;
भजति
= attains;
जन्म
= birth(s);
शतेन
= hundred;
.. १८..
= 18
सुर
= gods;
मंदिर
= temple;
तरु
= tree;
मूल
= root;
निवासः
= living;
शय्या
= bed;
भूतल
= on the surface of the earth;
मजिन
= deer skin?;
वासः
= living;
सर्व
= all;
परिग्रह
= ttachment;
भोग
= enjoyable things/worldly pleasures;
त्याग
= sacrificing/abandonment;
कस्य
= whose;
सुखं
= happiness;
न
= not;
करोति
= does;
विरागः
= Non-attachment/desirelessness;
.. १९..
= 19
योगरतः
= indulging in yoga;
वा
= or;
भोगरतः
= indulging in worldly pleasures;
वा
= or;
सङ्गरतः
= indulging in good company;
वा
= or;
सङ्गवीहिनः
= bereft of company;
यस्य
= whose;
ब्रह्मणि
= in Brahman(God);
रमते
= delights;
चित्तं
= mind (here soul);
नन्दति
= revels;
नन्दत्येव
= nandati+eva, revels alone/revels indeed;
.. २०..
= 20
भगवद्
= god's;
गीता
= song (here the scripture `bhagavatgItA');
किञ्चित्
= a little;
अधीता
= studied;
गङ्गा
= river Ganga;
जललव
= water drop;
कणिकापीता
= a little droplet, drunk;
सकृदपि
= once even;
येन
= by whom;
मुरारि
= the enemy of `Muraa' (Lord Krishna);
समर्चा
= well worshipped;
क्रियते
= is done;
तस्य
= his;
यमेन
= by Yama, the lord of Death;
न
= not;
चर्चा
= discussion;
.. २१..
= 21
पुनरपि
= punaH+api, again  again;
जननं
= birth;
पुनरपि
= again  again;
मरणं
= death;
पुनरपि
= again  again;
जननी
= mother;
जठरे
= in the stomach;
शयनं
= sleep;
इह
= in this world/here;
संसारे
= family/world;
बहुदुस्तारे
= fordable with great difficulty;
कृपयाऽपारे
= out of boundless compassion;
पाहि
= protect;
मुरारे
= Oh Muraa's enemy!(KrishhNa);
.. २२..
= 22
रथ्या
= ?;
चर्पट
= torn/tattered cloth;
विरचित
= created;
कन्थः
= throated man;
पुण्यापुण्य
= virtues  sins;
विवर्जित
= without/ having abandoned;
पन्थः
= wayfarer?;
योगी
= the man seeking union with god;
योगनियोजित
= ccontrolled by yoga;
चित्तः
= mind;
रमते
= delights;
बालोन्मत्तवदेव
= like a child who has gone mad;
.. २३..
= 23
कः
= who (are);
त्वं
= you;
कः
= who(am);
अहं
= I;
कुतः
= whence;
आयातः
= has come;
का
= who;
मे
= my;
जननी
= mother;
कः
= who;
मे
= my;
तातः
= father;
इति
= thus;
परिभावय
= deem well/visualise;
सर्वं
= the entire;
असारं
= worthless/without essence;
विश्वं
= world;
त्यक्त्वा
= having abandoned/sacrificed;
स्वप्न
= dream;
विचारं
= consideration/thinking;
.. २४..
= 24
त्वयि
= in yourself;
मयि
= in myself;
चान्यत्रैक
= cha+anyatra+ekaH, and+in any other place+only one;
विष्णुः
= the Lord MahaavishhNu;
व्यर्थ
= in vain ; for nothing;purposeless;
कुप्यसि
= you get angry;
मय्यसहिष्णु
= mayi+asahishhNuH, in me+intolerant;
भव
= become;
समचित्तः
= equal-minded/equanimity;
सर्वत्र
= everywhere;
त्वं
= you;
वाञ्छसि
= you desire;
अचिराद्
= without delay/in no time;
यदि
= if;
विष्णुत्वं
= the quality/state of Brahman/god-realisation;
.. २५..
= 25
शत्रौ
= in  (towards)the enemy;
मित्रे
= in (towards) the friend;
पुत्रे
= in(towards) the son;
बन्धौ
= in (towards) relatives;
मा
= don't;
कुरु
= do;
यत्नं
= effort;
विग्रहसन्धौ
= for war(dissension) or peace-making;
सर्वस्मिन्नपि
= in all beings;
पश्यात्मानं
= see your own self;
सर्वत्र
= everywhere;
उत्सृज
= give up;
भेदाज्ञानं
= difference/otherness/duality;
.. २६..
= 26
कामं
= desire;
क्रोधं
= anger;
लोभं
= greed;
मोहं
= infatuation;
त्यक्त्वाऽत्मानं
= having abandoned see as one's own self;
भावय
= deem/consider/visualise/imagine;
कोऽहं
= who am I;
आत्मज्ञान
= knowledge of self;
विहीना
= bereft;
मूढा
= fools;
ते
= they;
पच्यन्ते
= are cooked?;
नरक
= in the hell;
निगूढा
= cast in;
वित्तं
= wealth;
.. २७..
= 27
गेयं
= is to be sung;
गीता
= bhagavatgItA;
नाम
= name of the lord;
सहस्रं
= 1000 times;
ध्येयं
= is to be meditated;
श्रीपति
= Lakshmi's consort MahAvishhNu's;
रूपं
= form/image;
अजस्रं
= the unborn one;
नेयं
= is to be lead/taken;
सज्जन
= good people;
सङ्गे
= in the company;
चित्तं
= mind;
देयं
= is to be given;
दीनजनाय
= to the  poor (humble state) people;
च
= and;
.. २८..
= 28
सुखतः
= for happiness;
क्रियते
= is done;
रामाभोग
= sexual pleasures?;
पश्चाद्धन्त
= later on in the end;
शरीरे
= in the body;
रोग
= disease;
यद्यपि
= even though;
लोके
= in the world;
मरण
= death;
शरणं
= resort/surrender;
तदपि
= even then;
न
= not;
मुञ्चति
= releases/gives up;
पापाचरणं
= pApa+AcharaNa, sin-practising;
.. २९..
= 29
अर्थं
= wealth;
अनर्थं
= purposeless/in vain/danger-productive;
भावय
= deem/consider/visualise;
नित्यं
= daily/always;
न
= not;
अस्ति
= is;
ततः
= from that;
सुखलेशः
= (even a little) happiness;
सत्यं
= Truth;
पुत्रादपि
= even from the the son;
धन
= wealth;
भाजां
= acquiring peeople;
भीतिः
= fear;
सर्वत्र
= everywhere;
एषा
= this;
विहिआ
= vihitA?, understood;
रीतिः
= procedure/practice/custom;
.. ३०..
= 30
प्राणायाम
= breath-control;
प्रत्याहार
= diet-control;
नित्यं
= always/daily/certain;
अनित्य
= uncertain/temporary/ephemeral/transient;
विवेक
= awareness after reasoning;
विचार
= thought/considered concluion/opinion;
जाप्यसमेत
= with chanting of the  names of the lord;
समाधिविधान
= in the state of trance;
कुर्ववधानं
= pay attention;
महदवधानं
= great care  attention;
.. ३१..
= 31
गुरुचरणाम्बुज
= the lotus feet of the teacher/guru;
निर्भर
= dependent;
भकतः
= devotee;
संसारात्
= fromthe world;
अचिराद्भव
= in no time from the cycle of birthdeath;
मुक्तः
= released;
सेन्द्रियमानस
= sa+indriya+mAnasa, wwith senses and mind;
नियमादेव
= control alone(niyamAt.h eva);
द्रक्ष्यसि
= you will see;
निज
= one's own;
हृदयस्थं
= heart-stationed;
देवं
= God;
.. ३२..
= 32
मूढ
= fool;
कश्चन
= cerain;
वैयाकरण
= Grammar;
डुकृञ्करण
= grammatic formula DukRi.nkaraNa;
अध्ययन
= study;
धुरिण
= awakened/aroused?;
श्रीमत्
= honourable prefix;
शंकर
= Shankara;
भगवत्
= God;
शिष्यैः
= disciples;
बोधित
= having been taught/enlightened;
आसित्
= was/existed;
चोधितकरण
= tested or awakened senses;
.. ३३..
= 33
भज
= worship;
गोविन्दं
= lord Govinda;
मूढमते
= Oh foolish mind!;
नामस्मरणात्	= (exceept) through/from rememberance of the lord's name;
अन्य
= other;
उपाय
= plan/method/means;
नहि
= not;
पश्याम
= we see;
भवतरणे
= for crossing the ocean of births  deaths;
.. ३४..
= 34
*********************************************************************
THIRUVATHIRA , KARVA CHAUTH OF KERALA , LORD SHIVA AS THE COSMIC FIELD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ATHIRA OR ARUDHRA THE COSMIC FIELD , THIRU OR VENERATED , THIRUVATHIRA THE THIRD BIGGEST FESTIVAL OF KERALA , MOON AND THE FEMALE MENSTRUAL CYCLE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Thiruvathira is the equivalent of Karva Chauth of the rest of India.  This festival is observed with great joy in Kerala and also Tamil Nadu on a full moon day.

I suggest you read my post on Karva chauth –  where I was attacked by Chutney Mary’s and Pickle Johns ---  the wannabe Gora Gaands of India , for equating the woman’s menstrual cycle with the moon..  



Well Thiruvathira festival is about the women enjoying a moon beam bath, the whole night in the open , helped in no small measure to remain awake , by joyful nightlong festivities . 

We have an ancient and glorious culture . 

This is who we are,  and we are proud of it .



Punch into Google search-

KARVA CHAUTH, SYNCHRONISING THE FERTILITY CYCLE WITH THE MOON PHASE  VADAKAYIL





A few days ago , I saw Prof Kancha Ilaiah , a squeaky IDIOT on our foreign funded TV declaring that he hates Hindu gods for they all kill.

To this moron, I must tell, that Hindi gods are NOT mortals. All our Vedas, Upanishads , scripture stories are all allegories, which are in coded verses, meant only for the perceptive and intelligent.

Lord Shiva is NOT a mortal as made out by desh drohis Amish Tripati and Devadutt Patnaik, who have been made heroes by the white man , for making him a recent sex starved tribal .

Below : Story of a MAN called Shiva -- Oh yeah, you fu#kin' c#nt ?



Lord Shiva is a COSMIC FIELD.


It is beyond the intelligence of a Kancha Ilaiah type dalit to understand this amazing concept of Dvaita Hindusim.

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL



In Kerala we have 3 major festivals.  The first in terms of importance is Onam, the second is Vishu and the third is Thiruvathira.

As a small kid I loved all 3 festivals for it was a time to make merry and have a blast.  

We were a big happy gang of more than 16 neighbour hood boys.  Everyday evening we used to play right from the time we reached back from school,  till the time our mothers lit the evening lamp.   

I could see the lamp kept at the doorstep of my home from our playground , and I would run back, just in time to join my two sisters for a short prayer — which was basically 3 devotional songs sung while squatting , eyes shut with palms folded in prayer position.  

Let me think back— yes- one was for Lord Shiva .

I remember my sisters daughter stayed in our home at the age of 4 .

My mother used made her sing the same prayer songs, we sang as kids  . There was this song which went like Daiwame kaithozhan  – and in between this song, the small girl went seamlessly into DEEWAANA MUJSE NAHI IS AMBAR KE NEECHE ( a raunchy Bollywood chasing skirt song ) meaning THERE IS NO LOVER GREATER THAN ME UNDER THIS BIG BLUE SKY 

–  and my mother got so effin upset.  

The little girl hardly knew the meaning of the song.

My mom knew something was down right fishy though her knowledge of Hindi was purely pedestrian.

See how times have changed.

Onam we loved because we ran around collecting flowers in a big gang for 10 full days.  We used to climb Chembaratti trees with our own Kokka ( a pole with a tiny hook to pluck flowers )

There used to be an element of competition involved and this made it very exciting .  We used to visit the houses of our friends to see how they flower carpet measured up to ours.  

Flowers of all colours and hues were aplenty in Kerala.  We used to pick up white Thumba poo ( a white flower ) at dawn, and get bitten by mosquitoes . 

Nowadays the children are NOT involved at all—they are busy with cable TV , computer games and X Box.  Their parents go to the market and buy flowers.  In our time, we would commit hara-kiri if we were reduced to buying flowers with money .

Vishu we liked because it is like Diwali elsewhere in India.   On Vishu we burst crackers and light fireworks.  

Hey, secret—we used to remove the powder from the group crackers which failed to burst and make our own crackers, bigger ones.  Since this is dangerous we hid and made it hush hush.

We made our own rockets and have competitions as to whose went higher and stayed up longer . There used to be so much joy and excitement.

For more than two hours after dusk ( on previous day of Vishu ) and for two hours the next day before dawn ( day of Vishu ) the air would resonate with the sound of crackers .

We in Kerala do NOT celebrate Diwali like the rest of India , where Gods defeated the Demons .  The rest of India burst crackers on Diwali day.  They killed our Demon King Mahabali ( Vishnu avatar Vamana ) and we are NOT too happy about it.

Punch into Google search-
WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI VADAKAYIL

We burst our crackers on Vishu instead.

I loved Thiruvathira festival the most.  

At least two weeks before all my friends would tie up swings in their houses.   We had competitions for this too.  

One of my friends had a huge mango tree in his backyard  with a sturdy branch very high up.  This long slow arc swing invariably used to be the best.  We used to swing for hours, taking turns.  



Under the swing seat would be a small rope tail , called cat’s tail ( Poocha vaalu). To frighten the boy or girl on the swing we used to hang on to it and jump off so that the swing goes higher and higher.  

And then we made the girls ( basically ) frightened and made them cry out whatever we told them to cry out.   
Example: White hen gave black eggs , black hen gave white eggs – BLAH BLAH.  

Yet they would come back for more such exciting "punishment".

I remember two teenaged ( 13 and 15 age ) neighbouring Pathan sisters ( Afghanistan Kabuli ) were very keen to sit on our swing in short skirts and they used to give us a generous view of their milky white thighs and legs splayed apart crotch show of panties--

-- which left us little pre teen boys confused , and red faced,  some with raging hardons.   Their bare thighs with skirts flying around, bouncing breasts with nipples standing like out bullets , while on the swing used to be the cynosure of more than 16 pre teen boys.

And we used to look at each other in embarrassment  .  

So much innocence those days -- Oh Boy, I just got the goose bumps.  


You see those days innocence prevailed—there was NO internet pornography. Only today we realize that those attractive sisters were just cock teasers.


On Thiruvathira night ( full moon ) our gang had our own troupe and we used to paint our faces and go to neighboring houses and dance . We had our own make shift drums made of big tins.

And we got paid .

This money would be in the kitty to but new footballs and cricket bats and balls for the whole interval till the next year—you see we were a self sustaining group of happy go lucky pre teen boys.

The adult boys and men had professional troupes who used to perform narikali ( tiger dance ). From sunset on Thiruvathira night till the next day afternoon, these adult troupes performed. 

Basically to keep the women folk entertained, as they had to remain awake throughout the night.  
All the women folk come out to watch these performing troupes.  

They women used to be very frightened while watch the Pandam ( fireball being swung around ) and the Urumi ( Kerala sword 4 metres long )  display. And when these performers see such wide eyed women, they become more daring and gain some brownie points , for good measure.

For many big boys ( hangers on ) this was the ideal time to ogle at attractive girls , who would NOT come out of their house gates otherwise.  These girls knew this too, for they would blush and be so coy — from their body language.  



Some of these grown up girls instead of watching the dance or skit show would be doing mental copulation with some hanger on guy in the crowd . 


Sometimes I used to follow big troupes to almost half a kilometer away from my home at midnight. Suddenly I would realize that I am so far away from home and come running back—running like the wind through the moonlit night , jumping over hedges , with my small hair flying , chest pounding and the soles of my galloping feet hitting my ass — SMACK SMACK.

Below: This Narikkali group is the second generation of a neighbourhood adult group at Calicut ( near Muthappan Kavu , Panchama school Road ) . They used to be 8 drummers in my childhood time .



Today this Narikkali( tiger dance ) has almost become extinct.  Today we find dalit convert Christians in Kochi dancing the same way for Christmas, and earning money — see how times have changed .

Below: You can see the guy on the right holding the deadly Kerala sword -- URUMI.   

If this sword is used he can kill all the people in this picture within a minute  . This unique razor sharp pliable sword is the reason nobody could conquer Kerala ( such a beautiful land ) till French Rothschild gave long range rockets and cannons to Tipu Sultan , to plunder the gold from Kerala temples.



To know more about URUMI - 

punch into Google search-
KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART VADAKAYIL

This Narikkali is actually a hashed out modern version of the Tandav done by Shiva after a deed well done in the hoary past.



On the Internet you find lot of stories about the reason why Kerala celebrated Thiruvathira festival – ALL BULL .

Lord Shiva was in depression after his wife Sati whom  he loved dearly committed self immolation in protest against her own father ( who insulted her husband ) .

Sati was reborn a Parvati.

The cosmos was suffering due to extreme detachment of Lord Shiva.

As per the request of Indra, the King of Gods, Kamadeva shot his arrow of passion at Shiva, whilst Parvati was placing some flowers in His hands.  



The moment their hands met, Siva experienced a distracting feeling and fell in love with beautiful Parvati . This is the day we celebrate as Thiruvathira -- NOT what is written on the Internet by ignorant people.

The Western Cupid who shoots arrows of love is just lifted from the Hindu Kamadeva , the god of love.


Let me recount the story of Lord Shiva and Sati.

Legend goes that Sati was born when Gods concentrated their energy at a point on the ground to create a girl powerful enough to destroy even the fiercest of demons.  The Goddess, took human birth at the bidding of the god Brahma.  Sati was born as a daughter of Daksha Prajapati and his wife Prasuti. 




Daksha was a son of Brahma and a great king and magnate in his own right. The girl was named Gauri, "the turmeric-hued one,".   As the daughter of Daksha, she is also known as Dakshayani. She is also called Sati.



By this logic, Sati is grand-daughter of Brahma by Daksha, but is also great grand-daughter of Brahma because Prasuti is daughter of Manu (Manu is son of Brahma).

In bidding the Goddess to take human birth, Brahma's design was that she should please Shiva with humble devotions and wed him.  It was natural that Gauri ( Sati ) , even as a child, adored the tales and legends associated with Shiva and grew up an ardent devotee.  As Sati grew to womanhood, the idea of marrying anyone else, as intended by her father, became anathema to her.

Every proposal from valiant and rich kings made her crave evermore the ascetic of Kailasa, the God of Gods, who bestowed all on this world and himself foreswore all.  To win the regard of the ascetic Shiva, the daughter of king Daksha forsook the luxuries of her father's palace and retired to a forest, there to devote herself to austerities and the worship of Shiva.

So rigorous were her penances that she gradually renounced food itself, at one stage subsisting on one bilva leaf a day, and then giving up even that nourishment; this particular abstinence earned her the sobriquet Aparna.  Her prayers finally bore fruit when, after testing her resolve, Shiva finally acceded to her wishes and consented to make her his bride.

An ecstatic Sati returned to her father's home to await her bridegroom, but found her father less than elated by the turn of events. The wedding was however held in due course, and Sati made her home with Shiva in Kailasa.   Daksha, depicted in legend as an arrogant king, did not get on with his renunciative son-in-law and basically cut his daughter away from her natal family.



To get even , Daksha Prajapati Daksha, the father of Sati once organized a grand yajna to which all the gods were invited, with the exception of Sati and Shiva.  Wanting to visit her parents, relatives and childhood friends, Sati sought to rationalize this omission.

She reasoned within herself that her parents had neglected to make a formal invitation to them only because, as family, such formality was unnecessary; certainly, she needed no invitation to visit her own mother and would go anyway.

Sati pestered Shiva to go to Yajna. Shiva maintained that they should not go uninvited.  Shiva sought to dissuade her, but she was resolved upon going; he then provided her with an escort of his ganas and bid her provoke no incident.

Sati was received coldly by her father. They were soon in the midst of a heated argument about the virtues (and alleged lack thereof) of Shiva. Every passing moment made it clearer to Sati that her father was entirely incapable of appreciating the many excellent qualities of her husband.

The realization then came to Sati that this abuse was being heaped on Shiva only because he had wed her; she was the cause of this dishonour to her husband. Sati noticed that no seat (assan) had been earmarked for her husband Shiva, even if he had gone, which meant a deliberate attempt to humiliate Shiva.
 
She was consumed by rage against her father and loathing for his mentality.  Calling up a prayer that she may, in a future birth, be born the daughter of a father whom she could respect, Sati plunged herself into the blazing havankund of the Yajna. 




The exact spot where the yagya or homam took place , in which Sita self immolated is where the amazing and powerful Kottiyoor temple is situated in Kerala .    This spot is THE oldest spot of Shiva-Sati worship in India.
  
Shiva sensed this catastrophe, and his rage was incomparable   Shiva rushed to the spot and found Sati half burnt and dead.

He loved Sati more than any and would never love after her.  So, he created Virabhadra and Bhadrakali, some call as [Manbhadra], two ferocious creatures who wreaked havoc and mayhem on the scene of the horrific incident.  

Nearly all those present were indiscriminately felled overnight. Daksha himself was decapitated.




The gruesome deed done , Shiva performed the fearsome and awe-inspiring Tandava dance .

Shiva then placed his wife Gauri's ( Sati ) body on his shoulder and ran about the world, crazed with grief.




In order to protect the universe from the wrath of Shiva, Lord Vishnu dismembered the body of Sati used his Sudarshana Chakra  .  




The dismembered parts of her body fell at 54 different places in India, Turkey, Azaerbaijan and Sri lanka.

These places came to be known as Shaktipeeths or centers of power.  Her tongue fell at the spot where the Jwalamukhi temple near Kangra is now situated.  These places have become major centers of pilgrimage as they are held by the Goddess-oriented Shakta sect to be particularly holy. 



After the night of horror, Shiva, the all-forgiving, restored all those who were slain to life and granted them his blessings.   Even the abusive and culpable Daksha was restored both his life and his kingship.
  
His decapitated head was substituted for that of a goat. Having learned his lesson, Daksha spent his remaining years as a devotee of Shiva.



Sati,  reincarnated as  Parvati , Shiva’s second wife and is the mother of Lord Ganesha  and Lord Skanda (Kartikeya).




She is also known by 108 names from the Durga Saptashati. Her different mood brings different forms or incarnation. Parvati is considered to be Goddess Kali herself in her most ferocious form. 

As Durga she is black in color and rides on lion, she is known as the original slayer of Demon Mahishasura.




54 Shakti Peethas of Sati, proves that all Goddesses are expansions of the Goddess Parvati.

In the Sri yantra divine geometry , revealed in 8000 BC to the Maharishi seers , the 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) .




With Shiva and Shakti qualities  ( Yin Yang ) making the magic number 108, or the number of beads in a Rudraksha mala.  




This 108 number has been lifted by all major religions.



Jwalamukhi pertains to the 9 forms of Durga ( Sati), hence 9 eternal flames in the fire temple.  The nine flames have been named after goddesses - Mahakali, Unpurna, Chandi, Hinglaj, Bindhya Basni, Maha Lakshmi, Saraswati, Ambika and Anji Devi, continuously burning without adding any fuel, or human assistance.

Sri Yantra in 3D consists of 9 spiral energy vortices , 5 pointing downwards and 4 pointing upwards – the  mystical holographic construct of the Cosmos, revealed to seers in 8000 BC.

Below video: Sri Yantra , divine geometry in 3D -- contains the elusive THEORY OF EVERYTHING.



Thiruvathirai festival is observed on the Tiruvathira Nakshatram full moon day in the Malayalam month of Dhanu Masam (December – January).

Special pujas  all Shiva temples of Kerala.  This is a festival exclusively celebrated by women in a matrilineal society.

This festival of Thiruvathira was being celebrated long before Parashurama came to Kerala from saraswati river with his band of nmboodiris in 4000 BC.

So , hullo—all you Namboodiris and side kick Nairs—  please take it easy when you say this Thiruvathira festival is exclusively celebrated by Nairs and their masters Namboodiris. 

Same way  you two "mutual admiration Master /Slave clans" of Kerala must stop claiming Onam festival for yourself too.  

Onam is about asura king Mahabali and Vishnu avatar Vamana , who predated Vishnu avatar Parsashurama by thousands of years .   

Just take it easy OK.   Kerala existed before Parashurama came down south .

We had enough of your uppity racism and grabbing eye fu#kin' balls in Kerala.

For people who want to know what racism I am referring to—

Punch into Google search-

THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH VADAKAYIL  .

Below: A typical Kerala saree. It is NOT a single piece saree , but two pieces  



Thiruvathira is the benign equivalent of Karva Chauth festival of the rest of India.   

Thiruvathira is celebrated for receiving grace from Lord Siva for  happy married life.  

Women who are in marriageable age pray for getting good husbands and leading a long happy married life.

Married women pray for the longevity, health and happiness of their husbands and this festival is a grateful thanksgiving.



As per our Kerala Hindu tradition  marriage introduces accountability, responsibility , privileges and rights of a husband and wife towards each other.  Marital love in Kerala Hindu society does NOT play to the galleries.

Gratitude in a wife is not only her greatest virtue, but is is the parent of all her other virtues. 

Grateful wives experience very deep levels of happiness. This mindset of a Kerala Hindu woman and is the reason why divorce percentage is miniscule in Hindu Kerala.

In Kerala culture a marital relationship is a lifelong relationship.  It is a relation between two souls.  This is why NO Hindu marriage takes place even today without matching horoscopes.  

Let us leave out the wannabe Gora Gaands  – the desh drohi Chutney Marys and them Pickle Johns who are more fond of England, Portugal and Vatican cultures rather than Indian culture ..

On Thiruvathira day the women of Kerala both married and unmarried get up two hours before sunrise and proceed to the nearest Temple or village or home pond .  

In this time of the year the water is cold. They all get into the pond under the moonlit sky and frolic around in a light hearted manner. Probably this is the only time of the year women behave like small teenaged girls. 



They beat the water with cupped palms and this soliton sound waves can be heard miles away in the still night. 



They splash water on each other in glee and sing Thiruvathira Pattu ( songs  about Kamadeva ,the god of passion and love ). One woman will lead and the rest will sing in chorus.

Then by sunrise they rush home and dress up in traditional Kerala dress, wear gold ornaments and jasmine flowers on the hair and visit local Lord Siva temples for worship.  They  perform a very feminine folk dance called 'Thiruvathirakali around a nilavilakku ( lamp ) or the Idol of Lord Shiva.



Then they come home and have a brunch consisting of delicious Arrow root Koova payasam ( sweet porridge ) made in coconut milk and jaggery.   They also chew betel leaves .  

Betel leaves prevent worms ..

Kerala Arrow root powder  ( botanically Maranta arundinceae) is very high in mineral content like sodium, potassium, zinc, magnesium, phosphorous, iron, copper and  calcium. This is a good folate Ayurvedic diet  given during preconception periods and during pregnancy helps prevent neural-tube defects and other congenital malformations in the offspring.  

Koova powder is an excellent source of potassium (454 mg per 100g or 10% of RDA) and is an important component of cell and body fluids. They drink tender coconut water which is very high in Magnesium.

To be frank this is a protective foundation in the stomach and intestines for the WOMEN’S SPECIAL  night dinner .



The lunch is called Thiruvathira puzhukku, a delightful mix of eight type of tuber root vegetables—the main tuber being Chembu or colocasia .    Kamadeva's body is represented by the tubers which grow beneath the ground or the womb of the earth.

This mouthwatering food called Thiruvathirappuzhukku, along with a night of moon beam bath , does a world of good to women who have menstrual problems . This is ancient food magic . No staple food rice can be eaten by menstruating women this day.

So what does this Chembu do to a woman?

Punch into Google search-
CHEMBU KIZHANGU , COLOCASIA AND PMS SYNDROME  VADAKAYIL



Other than Chembu, there are Kerala specific tuber roots like Koorka ( Chinese potato)  ,  Madhura Kizangu ( sweet potato) , Poola Kizangu ( tapioca ) , Chena (Yam ) Sheemachembu,  Kaachil, and Nanakizhangu.  This spicy puzhukku is infused with turmeric, horse gram, red beans , grated coconut etc.

Recently some one said that what I wrote about Namboodiri Brahmins from Kerala founding Judaism in Palestine is all bull.  

There is something called DNA testing today.  Matrilineal system is an age old culture of Kerala. Matrilineality in Judaism is the view that people born of a Jewish mother are themselves Jewish.

Kerala has Marumakkathayam or matrilineal inheritance prevalent. Under the Marumakkathayam system of inheritance, descent and succession to the property was traced through females. The mother formed the stock of descent and kinship as well as the rights to the property was traced through females and not through males. Marumakkathayam literarily meant inheritance by sisters children as opposed to sons and daughters.

 Word ‘Marumakkal’ in Malayalam means nephews and nieces. The joint family under matrilineal system is known as Tharavad and it formed the nucleus of the society in Malabar. In the matrilineal system, the family lived together in a tharavadu which was composed of a mother, her brothers and younger sisters, and her children. The oldest male member was known as the karanavar and was the head of the household, managing the family estate.

Lineage was traced through the mother, and the children belonged to the mother's family. All family property was jointly owned. In the event of a partition, the shares of the children were clubbed with that of the mother. The karanavar's property was inherited by his sisters' sons rather than his own sons.


This system is dying out as nowadays we have nuclear families and joint family system is fading away. There are very few jobs in Kerala and nuclear families migrate outside the state.


Women are connected to the moon by blood,  hormones and souls.  

I shall leave some things unsaid .
*********************************************************************
DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DEVADASI PROSTITUTION SYSTEM CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER ,  FREE COMFORT BROTHELS WITH TEENAGED GIRLS FOR BRITISH TROOPS

DEVADASI  LIE OF MODERN COMMERCIAL PROSTITUTES AND PIMPS ,  DEVADASIS  AS PROTECTED SPECIES PENQUINS WHO CLAIM IMMUNITY FOR ILLEGAL PEDOPHILE SEX AND PROSTITUTION ,  DEVADASI SAVIOR NGOs PUSHING CHILDREN INTO PROSTITUTION RATHER THAN SAVING THEM ,  DEVADASI SYSTEM A MILCH COW FOR NGOs AND VESTED GROUPS WHO SUSTAIN THE MYTH , FALSE CLAIMS BY MAHAR BUDDHIST COMMUNITY OF  BR AMBEDKAR WHO STILL CLAIM DEVADASI BENEFITS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 

I challenge anybody to show any reference to the Devadasi system in India , (attributed to temples in North Karnataka and South Maharashtra) before Rothschild created the FAKE poet Kalidasa .

It does NOT exist.

Every Indian must know the foul and false propaganda created by the white invader to make the Indian Hindu self loathing , to convert to Christianity and to divide and rule.

In as much as today the Veerashaiva Lingayath priests of Kedarnath temple, get buried NOT cremated as per Hinduism.  Such is the depth to which Hindus were fooled .

Punch into Google search-

KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST,  JAINISM IS SECOND OLDEST RELIGION VADAKAYIL  .

Yes during festival days Hindu temples had trained classical dancers and singers performing in temples . They were NOT prostitutes , but the cream of society from good families.



When Mahmud Ghazni invader arrived at Somnath temple , such a performance was going on. He kidnapped hundreds of these girls , who could NOT commit suicide and carried them off.   

On the way back, ALL of them escaped.   These are the gypsies you find in Europe today.

Punch into Google search-

THE SACK OF SOMNATH TEMPLE BY MAHMUD OF GHAZNI IN 1026 AD VADAKAYIL .

The white Christian invader left  NO stone unturned in desecrating Kerala temples .  

They created fake customs where they imported dalit Hindus from Tamil Nadu and they would sh#t into newspapers , mix bloody and rotten chicken entrails in it and throw it into the holy sanctum sanctorum of Hindu temples. 

While doing this they sang vulgar pornographic songs, as to how the goddess love a big dildo and insinuating that the huge temple flag staff is her dildo -- as she will NOT be satisfied with smaller ones.  

Last year 2013, this still went on -- you see Kerala is ruled by soul less communists and Syrian Christian Jews .

Indians must be aware of this. Rothschild gave freedom to Syrian Christians of Kerala and Chitpavan Brahmins to publish sponsored news items , regularizing such FAKE and foul temple activities . Both these communities are of Jewish origin.



Punch into Google search-

KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL  VADAKAYIL


Let NOT anybody think that these European  gypsies had Indian ancestors ( Somnath temple dancing girls ) of low social status.  



They were under the protection of the king and even touching a temple dancer was an act of desecration , punishable by imprisonment .   Temple devotes were allowed only to see and never to touch.  

In addition to their huge talent in singing Sanskrit mantras , classical dancing , scripture play dancing etc , they all were very beautiful with classic features and figures.    



There NO caste wise filter.  Anybody could be a dancing girl based on talent in classical arts and feminine beauty.



All these FAKE Manu rules of dalits NOT being allowed inside temples were created by the white invader using their FAKE mutts and Fake acharyas.   There was never any untouchability  other than what was induced by these FAKE British mutts.   



But I must concede that untouchability existed in Kerala .  For a Kerala Namboodiri even a king was untouchable and could NOT come within one man lengths or 6 feet.  

Even today if you come to a Kerala temple the Namboodiri priest will literally throw the prasadam into your palms ( three inches ) .

Punch into Google search-
THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

Any caste woman could rise to be a temple performer .  It kook at least two decade of practice from a very young age  to create a temple performer – now demeaned as temple prostitutes by the immoral white invader .  

These girls had every little time to do anything else. Hence they would usually be married by very rich patrons of the king , who could afford to keep a fleet of servants.



 I wonder if Jewess Wendy Doniger has also put Devadasis in her book running down Hinduism. I do NOT plan to read her book, created out of a filthy rotten mind.

This is in reply to Lakshmi  Venkatesh who made a comment about Bharatanatyam being called DEVADASI ATTAM ( the prostitute’s dance ) .  

Bharatanatyam means the dance founded in the courts of Emperor Bharata , the the ancestor of both Pandavas and Kauravas of the Mahabharata.

This dance form has been going on for at least 6000 years in India.

Check out what Wikipedia says about Bharata Natyam  QUOTE -  This dance form denotes various 19th- and 20th-century reconstructions of Sadir, the art of temple dancers called Devadasis- UNQUOTE

Lakshmi, you have NO idea how many Indian were awarded PHD for writing fake thesis about Goddess Yellamma the God of the Devadasis .

Do you have any idea how Jews cornered all the Nobel prizes till today?

Because Jew Rothschild controlled these PEER REVIEWED institutions and magazines and journals.

Punch into Google search-
DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM  VADAKAYIL

Sometimes to steal your work they even KILLED you.

The Jews stole Ramanujan’s work.

While Ramajunan was being cremated his wife broke down and blurted the truth about Ramanujan’s lost notebook.

“ Ramanujan's lost notebook” is a Wikipedia article on its own right.  You can check this out .

Punch into Google search-
THE FRACTAL MIND OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN VADAKAYIL

How many of you know that Rothchild and the British controlled almost all the high grade brothels of India.  

How many of you heard of a Chitapavan Jew nay Brahmin who elevated to the rank of Maharishi? Maharishi Karve  ( Dhondo Keshav Karve) was converted into a saint , and he was running a destitute women’s institution , from which he took his own wife and also provided “nautch girls” to the white men ?

The Government of India awarded Chitpavan Brahmin Maharishi Dhondo Keshav Karve its highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna, in 1958.  Bharat Ratna was given to Maharshi Dhondo Keshav Karve, because he worked overtime to provide shelter to destitute Indian women.

In 1929, Karve was sponsored by Rothschild on a 15 month world tour.  Karve met prominent  European and American Jews all over the world.   In England he was facilitated at Rothschild’s India Association at Caxton Hall, London.   He went to Switzerland , Germany, USA, Japan, During a subsequent tour of America, Karve lectured at various forums on women's education and social reforms in India.

He also visited the Women's University in Tokyo. He returned to India in April 1930.  With a few months he was sent again to Africa for another 15 month tour wherever Indian indentured labour existed-  Kenya, Uganda, Tanzania, Zanzibar, Portuguese East Africa, South Africa etc.

Durga Bhagwat ( one of the most respected women of integrity in India ) has written a damning indictment of Maharishi Karve, alleging that he--
-- “ preyed on young attractive women who were vulnerable, facing hard times, and tried to put them under debt of gratitude so that they would be drawn into his coterie for life, looking heartlessly upon them as possible recruits in his social mission “.  

Below: Fake maharishi Karve with Albert Einstein.



Durga was a real Durga as she had refused to accept bullsh#it honors like Padma Shree and Jnanapeeth.  She was a very attractive woman in her young age-- never married.

The British had their whores in style.  They created a whole mulatto ANGLO INDIAN COMMUNITY of more than 10.02 lakhs ( 1 million ) , outside of wedlock and till today nobody says a word about RAPE.

Chitpavan Jew Bal Gangadhara Tilak wrote that our priceless Vedas were written by the white blonde man and the Aryans invaded India.   Read his book “ Artic home of the Vedas “   written in conjunction with German Jew and historian Max Muller, while he was in jail ( sic!).

Chitpavan Jew nay brahmin Justice Ranade was the founding member of Indian National Congress the stooge organization of Rothschild – all filled with pseudo freedom fighters. 

Another Chitpavan Jew nay Brahmin Veer Vinayak Savarkar considered that justice demanded restoration of entire Palestine to the Jews, their historical holy land and fatherland.   He regretted India's vote at the United Nations Organisation against the creation of the Jewish state terming it a policy of appeasement of Muslims.

How many of you know that the grandfather of Rabindranath Tagore provided  underage “nautch girls” ( some of them before puberty ) to the white man?

Punch into Google search-
OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY  VADAKAYIL.



Even the Bongs do NOT know that their notorious whore houses in Sonagachi were all owned by Dwarekendranath Tagore , the grandfather of Rabindranath tagore, also an opium agent of Rothschild.

Chitpavan Jew nay brahmin Gopal Krishna Gokhale imported Gandhi from South Africa to India to sit on the drivers seat of Indian freedom struggle and hijack the bus. Gandhi recruited Indians soldiers for both world wars to create the state of Israel for Rothschild.

On paper the Rothschild controlled historians wrote the British tried hard to eradicate social evils like the non-existant “temple prostitution” and made dozens of Indian social reformer heroes for us to study in our school social studies NCERT books.   

For those who supported imperialism on the grounds of its "civilizing the pagans " function, programs of reform had juicy ideological rewards -- free screws of the best looking and youngest Indian women. 

Today this has boiled down to western embassy cocktail dinners where moth eaten faces who come on prime time TV , would sell their souls to be at.  ( That reminds me I have NOT yet exposed a moth eaten stardust divorcee face who loved French wine , before she married a moneybag ).

Can you believe that the Devadasis were given the credit of giving the clap ( veneral disease ) to thousands of  white British soldiers,  almost 20% of whom  were homosexuals ?

It is a fact that India never knew venereal disease till the invaders came to India.   

When Vasco da Gama cames to Calicut my hometown in 1498, they raped some local women, all of whom got venereal disease.  In Malayalam we still call this disease PIRANGI PUNNU – or sore from the foreigners.

Who were the kingpins of the anti-Nautch movement ?   

All Rothschild stooges !

No 1 in the list was a “great social reformer “ ( sic !) Raja Ram Mohan Roy a Rothschild stooge and an opium drug agent.

Punch into Google search-
THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL  .

Who was another king pin in Tamil Nadu?

EVR Periyar, a Rothschild stooge.    I have given a good account of him in my post below, who married a woman 42 years younger than him 
.
Punch into Google search-
HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE  VADAKAYIL

I have written several bad things about Madama Blavatsky.  To be honest , this woman tried her best to expose the immoral lies of the British in painting the temple performers as prostitutes .  

In 1882, the Theosophical Society of India had set up its headquarters in Adyar, Chennai with the set goal of working towards the restoration of India's ancient glory in art, science, philosophy—and temple classical dance / music.

Theosophical Society Adyar provided the lot of funds and support to Rukmini Devi Arundaleto create a renaissance in the classical art form of Bharatnatyam dance. .   They revived the truth about the pure, chaste and sacred performer within the Hindu temple whose "natya yoga" was to enhance a woman’s spiritual plane and elevate her consciousness .

Below:  Bharatanatyam performance by Hema Malini and her two daughters -- it takes at least 2 decades to achieve perfection in classical dancing -- every finger Mudra means something. This is way beyond acrobatics , gymnastics , ridiculous tip toeing , whirling around  and circus you see in western dancing .



This classical Bharatanatyam dance has a mesmerizing effect as it uplifts the dancer and the beholder to a higher level of spiritual consciousness.  It is a dancing style that comprises of Bhava, Raga, Tala, and Natya which reflect the real meaning of the Bharatnatyam.  

The pure dance is called nritta and the expressive is nritya. The solo dancer uses various methods of story-telling to interpret the verses and stories she performs. The music is classical and the slightest mistake mars the programme. 

The person who conducts the recital is called the natatuvanar,, who is generally the guru of the dancer. He or the plays the cymbals called nattuvangam. The other musicians are the vocalist, the mridangist or percussion player, of flutist, a violinist and a veena player. 

While performing Bharatanatyam, the artist visualizes her body as made up of triangles like the Sri Yantra .  Karanas are defined as the 108 key transitional movements of Bharatanatyam. Adavus is defined as a series of steps in Bharatanatyam. The execution of the steps is different from style to style.   The 108 principals of adavus are recognized by most schools of Bharatanatyam.

What is this 108 number ?

Punch into Google search-
SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING  VADAKAYIL .

The steps of the dance are based upon a balanced distribution of body weight and firm positions of the lower limbs, allowing the hands to cut into a line, to flow around the body, or to take positions that enhance the basic form.  Bharatnatyam is known for its grace, purity, tenderness and sculpturesque poses .


The basic theme of the dance is love, where the female dancers usually perform as a devotion to the Supreme Being.

Getting back-

It was the British who used their FAKE mutts and their FAKE acharyas to cement the devadasi system as an ancient social custom , as late as 100 year ago.

They devised a tali-tying dedication ( manglasutra ) ceremony, by a temple priest which initiated a young girl into the devadasi profession . Mind you , nothing of this sort is allowed in Hindusim.

This was a fake symbolic "marriage" of the pubescent girl to the temple's deity. From then onward, the devadasi is considered a nitya sumangali-- a woman eternally free from the adversity of widowhood.

Fake mutt—whaaa?

Yes, fake mutts.

Adi Shankaracharya created 4 mutts in 2000 BC for the 4 vedas.

The white Christian invader created several dozen FAKE mutts and installed their rogue Acharyas as heads of these mutts.   And they dated the creation of these mutts to 400 years before their arrived in India, with continuous fake lineages.

The whole idea was  to subvert and degrade Hinduism— and to issue fatwas and diktats like the Pope in Vatican.  In Hinduism NO popes are allowed.

Punch into Google search-
KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE  VADAKAYIL.

A lot of foreign Christian missionary funded NGOs have kept the concept of Devadasi alive—interviewing wh0res and giving them doles and sops so that they pretend to be devadasis and continue with the lie, originated solely with the purpose of making the Hindu self loathing during British rule.

The British were successful in this and there are many Hindu sects in India , all created by stooges of Rothschild .

Arya Samaj set up by Maharishi Dayanand was one.  He started his own temples and rejected our ancient temples and god like Shiva and Vishnu.   On 7 April 1875, the Bombay Arya Samaj was officially established by Rothschild.  

Any member of Arya Samaj caught praying in a temple faced severe corporal punishment like whipping.  Chitpavan Jew Veer Saravarkar was a king pin of this movement. 

Dayanand Saraswati who was poisoned  in 1883 aged 59 was hardly a noble and a graceful Maharishi. He was highly intolerant , a racist and an alleged murderer .  He had NO fu#kin' idea of Advaita and Dvaita Hindusim.   

But see, anybody who denigrated temples were on Rothschild’s reward list.

Brahmo samaj was created in Calcutta on 20 August 1828 by opium agent of Rothschild Raja Ram Mohan Roy and father of Rabindranath Tagore -- Debendranath Tagore who was son of Dwarakendranath tagore, the Opium drug runner agent of Rothschild.  These desh drohis rejected temples and the Vedas.

You have NO idea how the British fooled Indians to divide and rule.  Even today the dalit leaders – the BR Ambedkarites, the EVR Periyarites , and the Mayawati types froth from their mouth on TV prime time , while speaking of temple worship, our priceless Vedas and Maharishi Manu.

Manu was incapable of being racist , as he was a noble Maharishi who founded the great Indian culture and spirituality , which is attracting white men in droves to India even today.   They are attracted by the amazing concept of Dharma .

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

The fake mutts and fake acharyas created by the British were instrumental is goading the temple priests of South Karnataka -- sort of  -- “ Listen , your holy brother brahmins in Kerala , the Namboodiris are having FREE SEX and enjoying themselves.   Why don’t you guys go for it too,  we will sponsor this  ? ”.   

This temple prostitution was a part of denigrating temples are dens of vice – all to make the Hindu self loathing.

In any case a lot of these Brahmins speaking Tulu were the younger brothers of Namboodiris from Kerala who could NOT inherit property.  They just could have FREE SEX.  In Kerala there were NO devadasis .

Punch into Google search-
THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH VADAKAYIL  .

So-

What is the difference between a white nun in a church / Christian monastery and the so called Devadasis ?

Are we to say that these nuns are NOT lesbians?  We know the statistics !.

Are we to say that these nuns never had sex with the clergy males?  We in Kerala know better , with so many confessions from nuns who were abused .

So what else can the white nuns do ?  

Are they super qualified in classical music , singing and dance like these so called devadasis ?

The temple performers were known for their great beauty .

What about the nuns?  

Need I spell it out , do you need to read my lips ?

When I write all this, I know most of my readers will say that the Captain is being unreasonable?

So who is the GREATEST nun of them all?

Mother Teresa ?

I knew you would say that !

What is this woman worth?

Be shocked !

Punch into Google search-
DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA  VADAKAYIL

The myth of Devadasis as wh0res attached to temples , was a milch cow for many . 

These kept the myth alive , got hold of hundreds of whores to say that they were helpless devadasi prostitutes attached to temples .

In India dirty foreign funded politics decides all these lies .  Recently the Muzzaaffar Nagar riots camps were full of beggars , merrily pocketing doles and sops -- and telling sob stories ( while eating free food ) of how they are afraid of going back to their homes .

A typical story from hundreds of such cock and bull stories  in foreign funded media would run like this.  The whole idea was to show Hindusim is full of sh#t—so better convert to Christianity .

QUOTE -A report commissioned by the National Commission for Women (NCW) in India reveals the shocking reality of how thousands of Dalit women continue to be forced into the Devadasi system in several states of India today -UNQUOTE  ( But hey, if these women were dalits who were banned from temples as per foreign funded NCW, how the fu#k did they become Devadasis ? In their mann mandir? )

Here is another foreign Christian evangelist funded NGO reporting—


QUOTE -  Parvathiamma ( name changed –TEE HEEEE ! ) was forced to sleep with her Hindu uncle at the age of 7 after a marriage ceremony to Goddesses Huligamma ( or was it Pulgiamma ? TEE HEEEE ! ) .  When she refused to comply, her genitalia was mutilated ( Oh Boy ! was it done with Bharat blade or Wilkinson –TEE HEEEE !  ) .  A lifetime of violation, sexual abuse and exploitation ensued. She is now 40 and inflicted with AIDS.   Her daughters were also dedicated to Goddess Yellama -- UNQUOTE

Almost like another milch cow , a dacoit called Veerappan, who was ALLOWED to become invincible.

The Indian govt could have killed dacoit Veerappan any time .  But hell , no—they kept him alive . He was the quintessential  goose that laid the golden eggs .

Everybody knows that Veerappan got political support from Tamil Nationalist Organisations like Pattali Makkal Katchi, a party predominantly of the Venniar caste to which Veerappan belonged. 

PMK was founded by S. Ramdoss,the father of union health minister Anmumani Ramadoss .  S Ramdoss had earlier worked with the Vanniyar Sangham founded by him in 1980.   

Not many people know that Veerappan  was in cahoots with LTTE.   Ivory and sandalwood smugglers laundered the money and used it for arms from western countries. Veerappan killed more than 2000 tuskers.  

But hey, Veerappan had a soft corner for peacocks as it was the vahana of his favourite God, Murugan.  By the way a peacock came next to my car when I was on a holiday 2 weeks ago, with all feathers preened , it was a sight for the gods.

Many political secrets died with Veerappan.  They had him – a sitting duck -- in the ambulance, and there was NO need to kill him.  Is it possible for a man to remain in the jungles for 25 years ? Tamil journalists knew where he was holed up.

For nearly 25 years the govt made 5 year plans with a budget allocation for catching Veerappan. Like how the govt had a budget for railways, electricity etc.  So many people become millionaires. 

Finally Veerappan went to a hospital for an eye check up, with police in the driver’s seat of this ambulance and he was shot.  They made this out to be a great encounter , with bravery medals galore being dished out.

Reason?

Tired of jungle life, Veerappan tried to surrender under the condition of total amnesty— but it was always refused. But now there was a rumour that amnesty would be indeed given.  Was he not our own desi Che Guevara ?


Three weeks ago his 4 aides got amnesty from death ,  it was reduced to life imprisonment — as a sign of total surrender to Amnesty International .— they were sentenced to death the famous  1993 landmine blast case.

So then how does the immoral white historian justify that the goddess Yellamma of the Devasai prostitutes (sic!) was of low caste and hence low castes were attached to temples as dancers ?--saving Dr Sherlock fu#kin' Holmes and his side kick Dr Watson a big headache ?

Simple, they cooked up a cock and bull story.

Lord Vishnu's  avatar Lord Parashurama ran after his own mother with an axe to kill her. 

Renuka ran ( faster than Usain Bolt – TEE HEEEE ! ) to a low-caste community for refuge.

However Lord Parashurama sought out the place she was hiding from her own son , and cut her head off.

DHAAAD –

excuje pleez what was that unholy sound?

Well folks, that was the sound of bad Renuka’s head hitting the ground. TEE HEEEE !

But Hey, hold on— a  low-caste woman tried to protect her, and she too lost her head --so it should have been  DHAD DHAD ..

But bad baaad Parashurama – bad baaad avatar of Vishnu – he made a basic mistake.

He brought back both to life, but placed the wrong head on ZE wrong body TEEE HEEEE !

( I am sure Dr Zakir Naik will now start telling this story )  


Parashurama’s father Maharishi " bad " Jamadagni accepted the former as his wife Renuka  ( see he looked only below the waist TEE HEEE ) , while the latter remained to be worshiped by the lower castes as Yellamma, the mother God of all Devadasis .

Such a touching story.

I feel like crying now.

SNIFF !

BOOOO HOOOOOOOO !!!




STOP PRESS:

One of my readers just asked me about Lord Vithoba/ Vittala/ Panduranga .


OK, this is the last time I will take a question of FAKE  Indian gods , created by Rothschild -- 

because it is too late to reveal the naked truth to the existing devotees, and cause a massive heartache.

In fact if the ancient Veerashaiva Lingayath community get to how they have been fooled by Jew Rothschild into getting buried instead of getting cremated like every other Hindu, they will have a massive heart ache.  But they must know that a person who gets buried in NOT a Hindu.  They are NOT a caste within Hindusim, sorry !

Tripe Sri Ravishankar has been on a Lord Vithobha sponsoring spree lately.  The Rothschild controlled Chitpavan Jews nay brahmins made sure that every Marati movie or book or poem contained at least one scene of the Maratha praying to Rothschild creation Lord Vithobha or Panduranga for deliverance.

Till today does any deshasta Brahmin of Maharashtra know why they call themselves so? They have forgotten the truth !  The word Deshastha derives from the Sanskrit desha (country) and stha ( resident), literally translating to "residents of the country". 

They did that as soon as they found out that Jew Rothschild has created his own Jew Brahmins. Rothschild imported some bene Israel Jews by ship from Kerala and dumped them off the coast of Konkan.
  
After the appointment of Balaji Vishwanath Bhat as Peshwa, Konkanastha Jew migrants began arriving en masse from the Konkan to Pune, where the Peshwa offered all important offices to the Chitapavan Brahmins of Konkanastha caste. 


These Jews calling themselves Brahmins  were rewarded with tax relief and grants of land by the British on orders from Rothschild.  There was extreme nepotism and the existing Brahmins were totally shocked and dismayed.

The best part was that the deshastha brahmins  looked down upon the Chitpavan Jews and refused to socialise and intermingle with them, not considering them to be Brahmins at all .


So Rothschild had the Chitpavan Brahmins screw the deshashta brahins royally for only the Chipavan Jews nay brahmins were allowed to dabble in  politics, social reform, book writing, journalism and education.

Lord Vithobha took off after the white Christian invader came to India.  But of course the immoral white historian back dated everything , to show their innocence in this vulgar game.

The principal deity of Pandharpur is Sri Vitthala or Vithoba .  

To be frank , Vitthala is a Kannada deity rather than a Marathi deity.    Geographically, Pandharpur is on the border of Maharashtra and Karnataka. The ancient name of Pandharpur was Pandarage.

Rothschild created a saint by the name of Pundalik, to be closely associated with this shrine, and called it Pundarika Pura.

Cock and bull storied were injected into our puranas.

Here we go-

One fine evening Lord Vishnu was strutting around  in the gardens of his palace  mansion when the gorgeous  wife of Lord Indra (God of Gods), Sachi  tried to seduce Lord Vishnu.

She just developed a massive crush on Vishnu, despite the fact that she was married and it was a crime to do adultery.

But Vishnu rejected her amorous advances and told her that her desire would be fulfilled only in the next birth – when Lord Vishnu took on the avatar of Lord Krishna and Sachi became Radha with the SOLE intention of having sexual intercourse . ( Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna , the avatar of Vishnu is a fake creation of Rothschild) .

So in the next birth Radha (Sachi) and Krishna (Vishnu) became  hush hush lovers.  Krishna and his mistress Radha used to meet each other frequently but stealthily in Dwaraka.  But hey. Lord Krishna’s wife was NOT a moron. 

She knew that something sexual was cooking between her husband Lord Krishna and the beautiful Radha.  Queen Rukmini, cried enough is enough and decided to punish her husband Krishna .

So one find night Queen Rukmini ran away from the palace in Dwaraka.   She undertook a severe penance in Dindirvana with the objective of winning her strayed husband Krishna back.  Pretty soon Lord Krishna turned into a repentant husband.   He at once instituted a search for his missing wife Queen Rukmini.

He searched far and wide  but could not trace her.  But he finally spotted Rukmini meditating in the dense jungles of Dindirvana.  When Krishna went near her and tried to woo her back, she did not recognise him at all TEE HEEEE !

Lord Krishna decided to go for a Mexican standoff.   he launched a counter-tapasya  and stood before her.   He stood there for 28 ‘yugas'.   Oh Boy ! TEE HEEEE !

Both Krishna and Rukmini would have stood there for longer for several more yugas , but were unintentionally intervened by our man Pundalik , the great devotee -- our Jew Rothschild creation .  

Serendipity at its very best.


Once when Pundalik’s parents were sleeping river Bhima made too much noise.  This is NOT good OK ? So our man Pundlaika commanded the violent Bhima River not to disturb his sleeping parents.  

The river immediately mellowed and now flows silently as the Chandrabhaga in Pandharpur. TEE HEEEEE !


Till today you can find Lord Vithoba standing on that brick ( was it baked ? ) , waiting to be entertained by his 'host', Pundalika of Pandharpur.


Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna is a Jew Rothschild creation.

Punch into Google search-

KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST,  CHAKRAVARTI SAMRAT BHARATA VADAKAYIL

Rothschild got his Chitpavan Brahmin stooges to inject into Skanda Purana , the name ‘Panduranga’ as a synonym for ‘Vitthala’.

Nobody ever heard of  Vitthala and Pandharpur before the Chitpavan Jews started re-writing local history—back dating every thing by several centuries.

Every Maharashtrian is now familiar with the term ‘Varkari’  .  A Varkari is one who religiously performs the vari (pilgrimage) to Pandharpur on foot, especially during the months of Ashadha (mid June to mid July) and Kartika (mid October to mid November).    

Many people go on pilgrimages, but the term ‘Varkari’ has got exclusively associated with the pilgrimage to Pandharpur—as it was made famous by Rothschild stooges .

When Vitthala  ( Lord Krishna ) was searching for his missing wife Queen Rukmini  (who was KUTTI with him ) in the deep Dindiravana forest, he bumped into our man Pundalika.  

Pundalika was busy serving his parents, whom he used to treat like sh#t before .   But see now he had turned over a new leaf. TEE HEEE !

So he provided a brick ( was it baked ? ) for Lord Krishna - nay- Vitthala to rest on.(  maybe there was ankle deep dirty water around ?-- beats me ! TEE HEEEEE !)
  


Vitthala stood on the brick and waited patiently for his devotee Pundalika .  After completing his services, Pundalika prayed to Vitthala and sang his praises and glories. Lord Krishna was pleased like pudding.

So he decideTH to grantETH a boonETH  .

Pundalika requested Vitthala ‘to stay here permanently and lift jivas from ignorance’. ( I am touched !) 

Lord Krishna – nay- Lord Vitthala --nay- Lord Vitthoba --nay- Lord Panduranga happily assented to the loving demands of his devotee Pundlaika .  Hence the place came to be known as Pundarikapur.

Rothschild even got his stooges to write a back dated Panduranga-shataka-stotra composed by Adi Shankaracharya ( 2000 BC ) referring to our man Pundlalika .

The fake white historian records that that King Krishnadeva Raya of Vijayanagar had the image of Panduranga taken to Hampi, to prevent desecration by Muslim invaders.  The absence of the deity sent the whole of Pandharpur into a pall of gloom gloom  like Jughead’s  Hot Dog.

So then , who brough it back? Well, it was Paithankar Bhanudas Maharaj who brought back the deity to Pandharpur.

Getting back-

My Muslim readers must know that Rothschild the Jew attacked not only Hindus with the Devadasi prostitutes wedded to Goddess Yellama’s idol,  but they did the same to Muslims too.  

But here there was a small difference .

The Muslim prostitute was wedded to the Koran, as per the LYING white historian . 

After the Nikah is performed, the girl is called as 'bibi' and is condemned to lead a life of prostitution.  They are all holed up in places like Lucknow , they claim .

I wonder why the white invader did all this , for the Indian Muslim will NEVER EVER convert to Christianity.

We all know that after the Muslims and white Christians invade India and made us slaves for 800 years, the Hindu temples lost their royal sponsors.  These beautiful talented girls had NO more means for survival and the system of dance and music in temples which fell into ruin or were broken up, fell into decay. 

That does NOT mean they were prostituting themselves, as per the vulgar propaganda of the fake white historians , to facilitate conversions. 

Even today most of the NGOs who “take up the cause “ of devasasi prostitutes ( sic ) are only serving their own cause.  Any Hindu prostitute is given the spin of being a devadasi prostitute. 

Social reformer like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar , ( both dalits ) were in the thick of all this propaganda. This was their way of taking revenge on the Brahmins with support from Jew Rothschild.

BR Ambedkar got Rothschild to sponsor social reformer Vitthal Ramji Shinde ( 1873 – 1944), and he was sent to England in 1901, to study comparative religion at Manchester College, Oxford.  

Over time this good man realized that BR Ambedkar was using him, for a separatist movement and support to the white invader , in the garb of social reform. 

He openly spoke against BR Ambedkar , who converted to Buddhism , and said DALITS ARE HINDUS and that he does NOT support separation of dalits from Hindusim.   

This paid put to the efforts of BR Ambedkar to do large scale conversions of Hindus to Buddhism.
I want every Indian to read the post below.

Punch into Google search-
CNN IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI  SHAM AWARD  VADAKAYIL

Well well what do you know about the extent of immoral attack against Hindusm?

For the past several years Prannoy Roy of NDTV ( a Christian with a white mother and a Hindu name ) has been trying to use rationalists and white scientists to stop the Hindus from immersing the ashes of their cremated ancestors in the rivers , as per our timeless rituals.  

Just a couple of days ago a band of western scientists did a FAKE propaganda that our rivers are full of anti-biotic resistant germs .

HEY, YOU VULGAR GORA GAANDS – WE DON’T NEED YOUR ADVISE OR HELP. 

IN ANOTHER 20 YEARS INDIA WILL BE NO 1 SUPERPOWER ON THIS PLANET.

The British left us in 1947 as the poorest and weakest country on this planet. 

They robbed us blind using their stooges and in 250 years the richest country on this planet became the poorest.  

In the next elections ( after 3 months ) India will resurrect like the quintessential phoenix after a white Italian waitress turned empress is dethroned.   

Today , this very day, this very hour, if we have a war with England, our immoral ex- rulers, we will lick the mickey out of them !.  

See how equations change !!



The British govt had entrusted their social reformer Vithal Ramji Shinde to conducted a census of Devdasis and also to write an essay on how the dalits were being oppressed as Devdasi prostitutes.

On one hand BR Ambedkar was crying hoarse how dalits are NOT being allowed inside Indian temples- and on the other hand, by strange inconsistency , he was crying hoarse how dalit temple devadasis were being oppressed. 

TO BE OR NOT TO BE —TO OPPRESS OR NOT TO OPPRESS !

TEE HEEEEE !


Joshua Project 2 was  heavily involved in sustaining the Devadasi myth and have succeeded in converting many of the  Andhra dalit Hindus into Christianity during the CM tenure of YSR.

In the video below evangelist con-man Brother Anil Kumar ( son in law of YSR and husband of Jagan Mohan Reddy’s sister ) ,  shows a huge Andhra converted audience how he controls mother nature.   

This is all part of the Joshua plan--tricking poor tribals .   

See the dumb audience gaping at him in awe , when he said he started and stopped the rain .

Below: See I do NOT cheat- I am NOT a fake Hindu guru like Asaram, who can't even stop and start the rain at will .




And dont miss the celebratory dance of this Christian evangelist who controls the rain -- such a messiah , right?





Hinduism is based on divine truths. 

The white Christian man in his eagerness to convert Hindus into Christianity branded the Shiva Lingam as Lord Shiva’s phallus. 

Today this has blown back on their faces. Sometimes when you want to spit too high, the spittle falls into your own eye .



This is what happens when NSA declared on 8th august 2011 , that the Shiva Lingam , the black meteorite stone , is indeed a divine phallus, for it exudes DNA, which provided life on earth.



Punch into Google search-
NASA  DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE VADAKAYIL.





The white Christian invader tried every dirty trick to convert Hindus into Christianity.  Even an idiot knows that during the Mughal rule the classical temple performers faded away.

Why did the white Christian invader revive the Devadasi myth using their fake mutts and stooge acharyas?

The whole idea was to show temples in bad light. See, the Brahmins would NOT touch a dalit, yet the Brahmin priest in a temple would have sex with a dalit prostitute inside the sanctum sanctorum, in front of the deity.

To be frank, lot of Hindus became self loathing and it did NOT take too many sops to convert him to Christianity.   Prasadams of temple created revulsion and so did the holy theertham.  Probably you were given some dirty water used to clean the genitals of the priest and the prostitute, after the sexual intercourse.


The white man created the FAKE Kalidasa .  He took pains to create FAKE works authored by Kalidasa.  He took even greater pains pains to praise the works of Kalidasa to the skies using his own media houses and historians.  He created the FAKE Radha, the mistress of Lord Krishna . He created FAKE reference to a Devadasi  prostitution system in Kalidasa's "Meghadhoot".  


It did NOT matter to the white invader,  that NONE of our ancient scriptures talk about temple prostitution.

The white Christian invader created the first anti-Nautch and anti-dedication movement was launched in 1882. He creates the disease and now flaunts his vaccines .

The white ruler made sure that he drew his reform lobbyists and social workers from his own stooge communities, like Parsis, Mahars ( caste of BR Ambedkar ), Chitpavan Jews-nay—Brahmins , Tamil dalits ( EVR Periyar followers ) , Christian evangelists etc.  

They urged the abolition of all ceremonies and procedures by which girls dedicated themselves as Devadasis of Hindu shrines.  Yet their pimp agents would initiate, conduct ceremonies and draw attractive virgins and keep them for their own carnal pursuits in their own private whorehouses.    

Wait for the day I introduce you to KAPPA BETA PHI – not in India but abroad.

They made  legal initiatives to outlaw the devadasi system—one of which was the 1934 Bombay Devadasi Protection Act. Yet British sponsored whore houses ran in Grant Road, Farras Road etc. 



To be frank , I got lot of information from a 90 year old Brit ( nearly 35 years ago ) who told me that he was a 18 year soldier in India during the British Raj—and when I asked him if he was kidding, he told me juicy stories of Grant Road brothels in Mumbai meant only for the British soldiers.

Kamatipura was the OFFICIAL "comfort zone" for British troops, during British Raj-- created by the British and maintained by the British.   



He told me that there were white skinned prostitutes  for the higher ranking British administrators lodged in a street named Safed Gully (White Lane) .  This joint is now called  Cursetji Shuklaji Street..  

He for himself preferred the Indian ones and some of them would do puja before they had sex.. He would frequent , Bachchuseth ki Wadi on Foras Road where there would be young classical dancers called Devadasis.  

There was another joint where only Anglo Indian girls ( mulatto half breeds ) traded their wares. 


After the British left,the Mumbai underworld started controlling these sex dens.  In the early 1970s Bachchu Wadi at Kamathipura was frequented by gangleaders from Mumbai underworld, such as Haji Mastan.

THE WHITE INVADER MAINTAINED THOUSANDS OF PROSTITUTES ALL OVER INDIA FOR THEIR WHITE TROOPS --THEY ARE THE ONES WHO STARTED THE SYSTEM CALLED TEMPLE DEVADASI PROSTITUTION .

LISTEN ,  PEOPLE ARE NOT GONNA BELIEVE ME  -- SO LET THEM HEAR IT FROM BBC --  

BBC SHIT DOES NOT SMELL FOR OUR WANNABE GORA GAANDS , PICKLE JOHNS AND CHUTNEY MARYs!


##########################
HERE IS A POST  FROM BBC , dated 23RD Nov 2013

Horrors of India's BRITISH COMFORT BROTHELS documented by Hazel Thompson is an award winning British photojournalist.



A sex worker in Mumbai
Guddi, 22, says she is 'trapped' in Mumbai's red light district
Continue reading the main story
Related Stories

Teaching Indian sex workers to spot fake currency
India sex workers demand rights
Mumbai bank offers sex workers hope
British photojournalist Hazel Thompson has spent the last decade documenting the lives of girls trafficked into India's thriving sex industry.  She spoke to Atish Patel about her experiences.

Guddi was only 11 years old when her family was persuaded by a neighbour to send her to the city of Mumbai hundreds of miles away from her poverty-stricken village in the eastern state of West Bengal.

They promised her a well-paid job as a housemaid to help feed her family.

Instead, she ended up at one of Asia's largest red light districts to become a sex worker.

Trafficked by her neighbour, she arrived at a brothel.  She was raped by a customer and spent the next three months in hospital.

'Harrowing'
Guddi's sad and harrowing story is similar to many of the estimated 20,000 sex workers in Kamathipura, established over 150 years ago during colonial rule as one of Mumbai's "comfort zones" for British soldiers. 

( MADAME HAZEL--  I , CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL BEG TO DIFFER HERE -- THE NUMBER OF DEVADASI  PROSTITUTES MAINTAINED BY BRITISH WERE MORE THAN 200,000 OR 2 LAKH AT ANY TIME OVER 260 YEARS OF RULE ALL OVER INDIA  .   TEMPLE DEVADASI PROSTITUTION WAS CREATED AND SUSTAINED BY THE WHITE CHRISTIAN FOR PLEASURE OF SOLDIERS AND THEN LATER FOR CONVERSION TO CHRISTIANITY PURPOSES AFTER THE GIRLS WERE WRUNG INSIDE OUT AND HUNG OUT TO DRY - VULNERABLE TO PETTY SOPS ) 

"They raped her to break her," said Ms Thompson.

Ms Thompson's journey into Kamathipura started in 2002 when she travelled there to photograph children born into the sex trade. The result is her new, interactive ebook, Taken.

Mumbai's oldest and largest red light district is a maze of around 14 dingy, cramped lanes overlooked by gleaming, new skyscrapers - symbols of India's recent economic prosperity that has lifted millions out of poverty.

But in Kamathipura, time seems to have stood still.



Throughout the 1800s, the British military established and maintained brothels for its troops to use across India.

The girls, many in their early teens from poor, rural Indian families, were recruited and paid directly by the military, which also set their prices.

By 1864, there were eight neighbourhoods in Mumbai which were home to more than 500 prostitutes. Almost 60 years later, there were only two, with Kamathipura being the largest.

"The system is continuing to be fed to this day," Ms Thompson said.

To protect the women from violent customers, police introduced bars to the windows and doors of brothels in the 1890s.

These "cages" still exist today and some women continue to work and live in the same brothels constructed by the British.

"Nothing has changed for 120 years. Nothing," Ms Thompson claimed.

Today the women charge up to 500 rupees ($8; £5) for sex and girls aged between 12 and 16 can earn up to 2,000 rupees($32; £20), she added.

Virgins in Kamathipura are auctioned to the highest bidder.



'Modern day slavery'

The 35-year-old photographer was able to gain access to this secret world after reaching out to Bombay Teen Challenge, a charity consisting of former sex workers and pimps who for more than 20 years have been rescuing and rehabilitating women working in Kamathipura.

Entering the brothels initially under the guise of an aid worker, she shot images discreetly from the back of vehicles, the roofs of buildings and under her scarf.

Book cover
Ms Thompson's ebook uses texts, images and videos on life in brothels
"The way I worked was I would go in and come out. I would spend a few days and attention would build up so I would leave," she said.

She felt constantly on edge every time she went into the district, reaching a tipping point in 2010 when she was manhandled by a gangster while she interacted with a prostitute.

"Along the journey there were many times I wanted to give up," she added.

Ms Thompson's ebook, which uses texts, images and videos to get a sense of what life is like in Kamathipura, also includes stories from women who managed to escape from a situation she describes as "modern-day slavery".

Lata, for example, was tricked and trafficked by her boyfriend at the age of 16, when she was drugged and taken to Mumbai from the southern state of Karnataka.

But years later, with the help of Bombay Teen Challenge, she was reunited with her family and now lives in a rehabilitation home run by the charity.

"In the 11 years I've been there, I've never met one woman who has chosen to be there. Every woman I've met has been trafficked or born there," Ms Thompson said.

"These girls who have been trafficked can't return to their families because of the stigma and [yet it is] often [they who] are responsible for them being in Kamathipura," she added.

The British photojournalist is also launching a campaign with the UK-based Jubilee Charity calling for India and other countries to criminalise the purchase of sex.

In April, the Indian government amended the law to broaden the types of crimes considered to be a trafficking offence and established harsher sentences for traffickers.

But enforcement of anti-trafficking laws remains a problem, as does official complicity, according to the US State Department's Trafficking in Persons Report 2013.

"Countries like Sweden and Norway have made the purchase of sexual services illegal and it has had a profound impact on demand, causing trafficking to also decrease significantly," Ms Thompson said.

"This change is desperately needed for Mumbai and all of India."

 ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-24530198 )

######################


The largest and best-known comfort brothels for British soldiers were  Sonagachi in Kolkata ( funded by Dwarakendranath tagore, the grandfather of Rabindranath Tagore ) , Kamathipura in Mumbai, G. B. Road in New Delhi,  Kashmiri Market in Agra, Silchar Assam , Budhwar Peth in Pune , Maduahdiah in Varanasi,  Naqqasa Bazaar in Saharanpur,  Chaturbhuj Sthan in Muzaffarpur,  Peddapuram and Gudivada in Andhra Pradesh,  Meerganj Allahabad Ganga Jamuna Nagpur, Kabadi bazar of Meerut etc. 


Almost every hill station has brothels for the British administrators and they loyal Indian stooges. 

To get virgins and pre puberty girls, the ruse of being wedded to Goddess Yellamma was created -- a cock and bull story, injected into various puranas by stooges of British . The British maintained their own pimp and informer network.




Some British officers did NOT want to fornicate with brown girls—as they were hard core racists. For these uppity souls, the Brtiish imported foreign white skinned girls.

OK,   unless I dish out Western source proof,  our wannabe Gora Gaands , Chutney Marys , Pickle Johns and moth eaten faces of prime time TV , will NOT believe me, right?

So here we go--

I want you to punch into Google search --

PROSTITUTION IN INDIA WIKIPEDIA

QUOTE:  In the 19th and early 20th centuries, thousands or even millions of women and girls from continental Europe and Japan were trafficked into British India, where they worked as prostitutes servicing British soldiers and local Indian men UNQUOTE  

( the Indian men must be converted to desh drohi Indian stooges of Rothschild )

Satisfied -  you WANNABE GORA FU#KIN’ GAANDS ?





How many of you know of another event where SEX was the major consideration for the white man in screwing Bharat Mata along with millions of Indians  ?

Punch into Google search-
THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL

And today we find the white man using ILO to lecture to India about treating Indian maid servants  well .

During the British rule the so called Devadasi prostitues or comfort women were hardly given any money other than some cheap food and care for veneral disease .  

It was brainwashed into these unfortunate girls by the stooge social reformer of Rothschild that as per ancient Hindu tradition and Purana scriptures , the devadasi is not supposed to charge for her services.

Since India became independent and the British soldiers left India, the underworld took over the whore houses.   They sustained the myth of Devadasis .   Devadasi system was a milch cow for everybody to milk, and that included the whores too.

How many of you know of a major loophole  that the devadasis cannot be brought under the purview of the  Suppression of Immoral Traffic (in women and girls) Amendment Bill 1986 ?  

Wearing a read and white bead necklace made a whore almost a protected species like the penquin. You see she is already oppressed and you can be charged for oppressing a dalit Devasasi more.

Below: Dekh-- apun bhi Devadasi !



The amount of money which has gone into Devadasi  relief, is mindboggling.  The only thing is that this money goes into the wrong pockets.  

The Karnataka state rehabilitation program announced  monthly pension for in 2007-08 onwards to all Devadasis above the age of 45.   Almost like fake victims Bhopal gas tragedy all and sundry claimed for the benefits and spoils . 

The government distributed free land, the only hitch being this doled out land never reached the girls , who never even knew about such a free land grant -the ministers , MLAs , the mover and shakers would be benami land owners.


For example : The Karnataka Social Welfare Board jointly with the Christian Children’s Fund (CCF) based in the USA, has adopted20 villages in Athani Taluka with a target to cover 600 children of devadasis. Money pours in and will pour in, as long as the myth of the temple prostitute is sustaines.

The foreign funded Christian evangelist NGOs take photographers every year to festivals worshipping Yellamma or Renuka .  

They pay handsome money and make young women line up in the nude with turmeric on their faces, Yellamma red and white beads  and neem leaves barely covering their pubic hair posing against Saundetti Yellamama temple  for shock effect  abroad. 

All this was to convey the feeling that Hindusim is a evil religion, having prostitutes attached to temples wedded to god. These fake journalists get awards for scoops on taboo Hindu customs.

They write all nonsense saying that Yellamma is actually Goddess Kali.  They lie that these Devadasis consider that giving sexual satisfaction to the temple priest is akin to service of god.

They get their foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs social reformers  to say that  “Any Dalit girl can be dedicated to Yellamma under any pretext”- which is a big lie.  They give bull that 95% of devadasis are dalits because Yellamma is a Goddess of the dalits – remember a dalit head was attached to thebody of the mother of Lord Parashurama Renuka?   

All these cock and bull stories are to insult Hinduism because Lord Parashurama in an avatar of Lord Vishnu.

The Renuka Yellamma Devasthan Trust makes a fortune during the annual Maghi Purnimar that is accompanied by a festival and a fair.  All those to want to sustain the Yellamma myth come here and this includes whores from all over . 

There is an entrance fee .  For people who want to see the real goodies and take pictures or have FAKE interviews a much higher “looking”  fee is charged . Bhandars and donation boxes are all over.  

The  police get their hafta and free screws from young teen  girls and  so they look the other way.   


The  whole place is abuzz with touts, pimps, brokers, social reformers, journalists,  FAKE good samaritan NGOs , gawking onlookers  – almost like a cattle fair. The best looking girls will strike deals for far off brothels . 

These foreign funded Trojan horse Christian evangelist NGOs are quick to point out the International regulations .  

"The Devadasi system violates several clauses of The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, including clause 4 which states that ‘no one shall be held in slavery or servitude; slavery and the slave trade shall be prohibited in all their forms.’ The United Nations Supplementary Convention on the Abolition of Slavery, the Slave trade, and Institutions and Practices Similar to Slavery, 1956, which India is a signatory to prohibits any practice where a child is handed over for exploitative purposes"  

BLAH  BLAH  FU#KIN’  BLAH.

It will be a revelation, if you know the number of Government run and Govt funded NGOs and the foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs involved in the Devadasi salvation business.

In the 1990’s, due to the limited effect of legislation, Inidian State authorities entrusted and farmed out the implementation of the Acts to NGOs.   Much of the work of these organisations has been done through sanghas, self-help groups, which would help women to access benefits, subsidies and legal support.

Not one of them is interested in the devadasi system dying out.   For when Veerappan is dead how can secure a  five year plan budget running into several hundred crores to catch him  ?  How many of you think doctors do NOT like epidemics ?

Why did the British create the myth of Devasis being married to Goddess Yellamma and how the god would be pleased when they have sex with men free of cost?   

Only to give their white skinned troops FREE SEX with young blushing girls in their teens.  

Hijras ( transversites ) were also accommodated in these brothels, as a big percentage of the white troops were homosexuals, who preferred perverse anal sex..



A system was created that eunuchs would visit all homes with new born babies and take away the child if the sexual organs were transgender.   

These unfortunate children used to be inducted into the brothels in their pre teens. 



These are the same people who lecture to Indians about morality and child labour.



Above: Pedophile tourism-- VISA ON ARRIVAL.  Englishman Duncan Grant who set up a children shelter to have anal and oral sex with them 
In some districts of Karnataka ( Vijapur district etc ) girls and eunuchs were married off to Lord Hanuman. They were taught to chant Hanuman Chalisa , ( written by the FAKE Tulsidas in Awadhi script)  in times of extreme anxiety and distress.  

I did NOT believe this till I saw an early episode of Bigg Boss.  When the  resident chakka , Bobby Darling was in great distress he /she went to the small puja space and started chanting Hanuman Chalisa. 

SEE I AM BREAKING MY SOLEMN PROMISE NOT TO TALK ABOUT FAKE INDIAN GODS AND FAKE GURUS AND CREATE HEART ACHES.   

BUT JUST A WEE HINT TO INDIAN HOW MUCH THEY HAVE BEEN FOOLED BY THE WHITE INVADER, ALL TO DIVIDE AND RULE.

Mughal Emperor Aurangazeb issued a public proclamations prohibiting singing and dancing by women in temples and at the same time ordered all the dancing girls to either marry or be banished from the kingdom.  

There was no temple prostitution in his time.  

The British created Devadasi system prostitution —so that their white soldiers do NOT have to pay for sex.  And good sex they had— in as much as they did NOT care for their wives back home in England.

Devasadis were married off to Lord Khandoba too.   

In Maharashtra, the poor deluded women promise to sacrifice their first-born daughters if  Khandoba will make them mothers of many children.  Then after the vow, the first-born  girl is offered to Khandoba and set apart for him by tying a necklace of seven cowries  around the little girl's neck. 

When she becomes of marriageable age, she is formally  married to Khandoba or dagger of Khandoba and become his nominal wife.  Today Maharashtrians worship Lord Shiva in his Khandoba form.

Khandoba is the temple where Shirdi  Sai Baba halted on his entry into Shirdi with the wedding party of Chand Bhai Patil, and secondly as a place where he acquired his name.  Sai Baba though a muslim  would worship at Khandoba Temple on his way back from Rahata ( a village 4 km from Shirdi).

This lie was sustained by the Chitpavan Brahmins and Veera shivas  . . Khandoba temples on Rothschild’s fiat, compulsorily had Dalit priests

The initiation ritual included a “deflowering ceremony”, known as “uditambuvadu” in some parts, whereby the Fake  priests would have intercourse with every girl enrolled at his temple as part of his religious  perks.   

A Marathi saying, “Devdaasi devachi bayako, sarya gavachi” (“Servant of god, but wife of the whole town”).  

The youngest and the best among these unfortunate girls would land up in the COMFORT brothels in Mumbai for the British troops.

The worship of Khandoba ( a deviant of Lord Shiva ) developed during the British rule, but they back dated it to the  9th century.   Khandoba has many wives who are women from many communities, who serve as cultural links between the god and the communities ( sic !) .


The British did propaganda that Mogul Emperor Aurangzeb tried to abolish the Devdasi  tradition by demolishing the temple of God Khandoba at Jejuri in Maharashtra.   Sorry, he did NOT do that. Emperor Aurangzeb did NOT have COMFORT whorehouses for his troops. 

Fearing that they immoral Devadasi scheme would be exposed , in 1934, the British Government of India enacted a Devdasi Prevention Act  and made it applicable first to the Bombay Province and later to Mysore state.   But the fact remains that this Act remained on paper .  

The stooge of Rothshild , BR Ambedkar knew that a big percentage of the Devadasi girls in British comfort brothels were from his Mahar Buddhist community, whom he converted enmasse from Hinduism.  

One one hand BR Ambedkar said that his Mahar community including himself could NOT enter Hindu temples. On the other hand he WROTE that there is a long tradition of girls from the Mahar caste dancing in the temple as part of daily ritual in the 17th century.   

Hey, BR Ambedkar would you kindly –please - make up your mind ? 

Below:  A map of Mahars made by Joshua Project 2--for soul harvesting-- conversion to Christianity 






PRITHEE ?

The initial conversion attempts with BR Ambedkar’s sanction was done by Christian Missionary doctor .

Sir William James Wanless  founded the first missionary medical school in India in 1897. Sir William worked in tandem with his nurse wife Mary for soul harvesting. 



Mahar Devadasis would land up in his 500 bed hospital at remote Miraj Maharashtra , for treatment as Hindus and come out as Christians holding the Bible.



The white invader set up may Christian hospitals all over India. Poor patients go in as Hindus and come out as Christians— or you pay for the treatment.

Today we find this happening in Kerala.  Poor Hindu kidney dialysis patients come out as Christians. They are foreign funded NGOs who will do the brokering business.




Mother Teresa was just a continuation of this immoral conversion breed.   Well, a pedophile too will offer a small girl an ice cream first before he gets down to business as usual.




A big chunk of the money spent on Devadasis are only in record books. Lack of literacy helps the exploiter.  All this show of rescuing whores calling themselves devadasis are only for the camera. In a few days it is business as usual.

The system of devadasis was declared illegal by thegovernment of  Karnataka in 1982 and by the government of Andhra Pradesh in 1988.  Yet unlike Veerappan they resurrect on their own.

All are in it—the pimps, the brokers, the lawyers, the doctors, the psychologists , the administrators, the police, the politicians, the NGOs , the media , the PHD thesis party, the SHGs ( self help groups TEE HEEE !) , the photographers , the skilled vocation trainers , the micro-financers,  teachers for devadasi school children, skill vocation trainers,  the moth eaten faces on TV, the movers and the fu#kin' shakers - ALL-- .

The clever ones give unsolicited information , “ Our devadasi welfare schemes aim at creating an environment that ensures a smooth transition “ Oh Yeah ?.


The foreign funded Indian media keeps reminding all and sundry that “According to United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), the devadasi prostitution system still continues with Hindu religious sanctity in India “.

Who cares for UN? 

When a system is abolished why do you call them devadasis again?  Commonsense says they are just whores . Not one of them know dancing , singing or have any social graces to call themselves temple performers.


The stooges of the British baited the illiterate villagers that if they offered a girl child to God then they will get a male child in the family, to please the deities.  

They claimed that the devdasi system is older than pre-Aryan, since the white man is supposed to be the Aryan.   

The British sponsored middle men from Mumbai comfort brothels paid for the Devadasi  initiation ceremony, which would be covered by Rothschild controlled media.  Probably this was the first co-ordinated EVENT MANAGEMENT in India. 

The red and white bead was an indication can that these brothel girls are under state protection.


They gave these girls some mindless sops.  One of them was that these girls could do the SHRADH religious Hindu rites for her father, which other Hindu women were NOT allowed. Of course most of these girls never knew who their father was.  


They threw the favourite whipping boy of BR Ambedkar -- Manu into the pot boiler.  They explained “ According to traditional law, she was treated as a male. She was thus absolutely free from the bondage of pativrata and the stricture of Manu that a woman must always be dependent on father, husband or son.”

It the baby was white skinned the British govt would give protection under the Anglo Indian act--securing good housing, education and plum/ easy / well paying jobs. 



To all these uppity Anglo Indians who were waving the British Union Jack on the faces of the brown skinned Indians and cocking a snook flaunting their so called superior genes (sic!)  – here is my message -- chew on this effin’ Devadasi post.




Devadasis were tutored what to say to a TV camera .

Example :  Rothschild’s Marxist German Jew Prof  Maria  Mies, writes in “ Indian Women And Patriarchy”--  A Mumbai Devadasi told her “ I would not like to be bossed over by the man called husband. So this life is all right for me. After all, I have not missed anything a married woman enjoys except perhaps the husband’s beatings ”

The feminist Professor does NOT know that the ONLY aim of sustaining this devadasi system was to get young  virgins sucked into organized prostitution by duping them using religion.   

In the garb of alleviating their suffering pimps and scouts scoured deep into all corners of remote village flushing out vulnerable girls. Almost all good Samaritan NGOs had dubious connection with pimps. 

Poverty-stricken families, or greedy middlemen , are happy to take the heavy cash from the pimps as an advance , the balance of which will never come.  

The fake priests of the fake mutts created by the British would do DIVINING and SPOT the girl chosen and this blessed by God to be a Devadasi. Of course cash would pass hands .

Rothschild engaged a Telugu Devadasi poet to write vulgar and immoral poetry about Lord Krishna and the FAKE Radha created by Tulsidas .

Radhika Santwanam (Appeasing Radhika), was a vulgar sexually explicit poem by a devadasi named Muddupalani .




WHOEVER SHORED UP THE FAKE STORY  OF KRISHNA’S MISTRESS RADHA WAS HEAVILY SPONSORED BY ROTHSCHILD.




Today it is the IN thing for Bollywood to sing about Radha.  Radha has been regularized and engraved on stone .   

I sailed with a North Indian Chief officer from UP who would greet his home folks on phone by a greeting of “Radhey “ – instead of Hullo.



The FAKE white historian has also injected poison by saying that several of our great Kings were sons and husbnds of Devadasis.  If that is so why is BR Ambedkar crying  that dalit devasis are being discriminated against ?  

The great king Krishnadevaraya of Vijayanagara was made out to be the son of a devadasl.  Kerala Varma, the raja of Vanad , married the devadasi  Unnitacci Kuttathi –all bull of the highest order.. They were beautiful queens who were proficient in classical dancing and singing. 



Fake customs were created by the British.

When the funeral of a devadasi took place it was compulsory to carry the bier to a suitable temple and place it at the entrance for a few minutes—to complete the God connection myth.  Pimps were detailed off to make sure this happened. After all the white soldiers must get free screws, from teenaged girls, right?—and that too FREE.


The bullsh#t has NOT stopped here.   

BLAH BLAH-- At death of devadasi no puja wille be conducted in the temple. Dead body will be as covered with silk and gold saree and burnt by fire-wood supplied from the temple. Devadasi  are cremated as sumangali (auspicious female) wearing tali ( mangalsutra ) . After cremation the temple was purified and the God was served a curry of bitter vegetables - BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH


TEEE HEEEE ! 

This was almost like how it was compulsory for the white Christian soldier to jump up and salute whenever the holy book of the Sikhs was carried past.  Rothschild made sure several such opportunities happened very regularly, when Sikh soldiers were watching-- literally chadoing the simple Sikh up CHANNE KA JHAD .

Punch into Google search-

UNKNOWN HISTORY OF SIKHS AND SIKHISM , PAWNS IN DIVIDE AND RULE POLICY OF BRITISH EMPIRE VADAKAYIL

lo chadh gaye hum
   chane ke jhaad pe
himalay se oonche
   do foot pahaad pe!!

kambakht kahte hain sarfira hume
    jhoolaate hain ab khzoor ke taad pe

ab to kuud hi jayenge zaleemo
    kar ke behaal hume
hanste ho ab khud
     humaare haal pe!!!

udhar se kudunga, wahan se girunga
    dekh lena sab log
kharonch bhi na aayegi
    humaare sar ke ik ik baal pe!!!

When we visit Guruvayur temple in Kerala, there is an open air auditorium at the entrance. We always get to see Arangetram.  This is a  debut on-stage performance of a classical art student, after undertaking several years of training.
  
Below: Guruvayur temple, Kerala -- my wife visits the temple every year.



Today if anybody were to say that the girl dancing is wedded to Lord Krishna and she will be a prostitute soon , well I do NOT know what will happen to him.

The classical dance or song form is so pure and refined ( Bhakti Yoga ) that there is NO room for mistakes.   That is why the Arangetram is done at the temple.  

Below : Guruvayur temple pachyderms --nay-- elephants.



If you Google ARANGETRAM WIKIPEDIA  they will tell you that it traces its origins to the devdasi (temple dancer) tradition,  which is nonsense.

I remember my wife’s aunt did her Arangetram in classical singing past her middle age at Guruvayur temple. A guru will allow his Sishya to do Arangetram only when he feels the student is perfect. 

Below: Guruvayur temple elephant race .



Quite often incognito experts will be watching from the side lines and the guru’s reputation stands to be permanently tarnished if some on in the audience ridicules him for pushing a half baked cake for public consumption.  

This is NOT like the way Jews get the Nobel prize -- by match fixing .  

After a successful performance the student will prostrate before  god, touch the feet of the guru and thank the audience with folded hands , as a token of gratitude.



Hey , let us hear another LOADED sob story , which you find in foreign funded Indian media .

Devadasi Vaishnavi ( name changed – tee heee ) 45,  who is based in Maharashtra’s Sangli district, says she was around eight years old when she was “married off to god”.  Born into a poor family, she vividly recalls her elaborate initiation ceremony as a child surrounded by relatives and strangers.  Over the years, as the practice became illegal, Vaishnavi says she was dragged into prostitution and is now an active sex worker in Sangli’s red light district.  “I have been exploited physically and mentally since my childhood,” says the middle-aged woman. “Men have raped and beaten me.  The local cops too, exploit me.  It is a living hell for me.  But what choice do I have?” she asks. ( hey -- shall we give you some money, free land and a house too for good measure?)

I must cry now !

SNIFF !

BOOO HOOOOOO !!

The foreign funded and remore controlled National Commission for Women (NCW) did propaganda in 2008 that  there are more than 450,000 Devadasis in India.  Did they count ?

Then the foreign funded NGOs for AIDS jumped into the fray.   They declared that 20% of devadasis in India were infected with the virus  (  did they get it from inside the temples –TEE HEEEE ! )


Most of the foreign funded FREE schools for devadasi children were fertile grounds for picking off child prostitutes.

The white invader who accused the Hindu of racism was living in a glass house . He accused the high caste Hindu of refusing to brink water from the same cup as a low caste .  

Hey , did the white man ever drink from such a cup , to point a finger at others.   

Did the white man ever employ a low caste clerk ?  

Yes, they employed desh drohi dalits like BR Ambedkar as he sold out his Mahar community— the whole mahar community and Mahar regiment supported Britain in 1857 to crush the Indian war of Independence.

It was the white invader who spread the false propaganda using their Indian stooges that as per Hindu culture and ancient scriptures dalits and bahujans,  assemble there twice a year on Magha and Chaitra full moon days for pilgrimage and offer their daughters to make them Devadasis.

Sorry folks, you never expected an Internet age , right? You though Rothschild controlled media can hide anything and everything?

Check out what Winston Churchill , whose mother was Jewish -- the stooge of Jew Rothschild boasted in a fit of megalomania.



Who was Winston Churchill, who was a king pin in sustaining the Devadasi myth ?

Punch into Google search-

WINSTON CHURCHILL HENCHMAN VADAKAYIL

The dalit stooges of the white man and BR Ambedkar even took this lie to the Mumbai Mantralaya ( legislature ) .  You can see a Renuka  shrine ( goddess of Devadasis and FAKE and corrupted mother of Lord Parashurama ) installed there.  

This is how far this immoral attack on Hinduism has gone. 


The white invader sustained the immoral myth that at the ancient temple of Renukaamba, built in 14th century,  at the top of Chandragutti hill in Shimoga district in Karnataka, the devadasi women must strip naked and do Nagna puja (Betale Seva ) i.e. naked worship.  

This was an opportunity for photo shoots for foreign magazines,  to show how depraved Hindusim is.

The white invader and his stooges created the bullsh#t legend that as per our ancient Puranas , if the young girls ( even before puberty )  go naked and pray to the goddess they will get good husbands . 

Below : Devadasi temple at Chandragutti (Soraba Taluk, Shimoga District)



This was a time for touts and pimps to inspect the wares. Photographs would be taken and whorehouse bidders would choose girls like in our IPL auction.


Can you believe this?

The NUDE worship went on merrily till 1992. Finally some Hindu organisations declared that such a nude worship is NOT sanctioned in any of our Hindu scriptures and it is NOT a Hindu tradition.

Still it took the CM of Karnataka a long time to appoint a committee to investigate whether "Nagna-puja" has any religious sanction of Hindu Sastras.  

The report was submitted in 1988 and states that there is no such sanction in Hinduism.  The Veerashaiva Lingayath politicians were against Hindusim.  

This ping pong battle went on for 4 long years .  In 1992 a ban was imposed on "Nagna-puja"— a foul practice started by the white invader came to a full stop .

I don’t want to say any more as Hindu blood will boil.   The image of the Goddess Renuka  ( the mother of Lord Vishnu avatar Lord Parashurama ) at Chandragutti  is not of her face but of her buttocks.   

A dalit leader sniped at such a lowly form of worship “How has Renukamba come so low, we do not know... If only they would worship Renuka’s face, and not her ass “.  

Anyway--  CM S Bangarappa banned the nude worship, which the Mumbai Kamathipura COMFORT brothel ( for British soldiers)  middle men pimps started. 

So here is a poem written by sub-editor of the Pakistani media , The Express Tribune, a Muslim woman named Zoya Zaidi,  who is still using the devadasi as a milch cow,  and has her finger in ze devadasi  pie ..

--she loves sensationalism especially if it includes running down Hindusim.  
I guess she sees devadasi screwing around in her wet dreams— I am sure she has NOT seen these devadasis visually..

Devadasi’s Saga

I could hear the temple bell
Ringing in my ears,
The day I was born
To an unwedded mother, or rather
My mother was “married” to the temple!
But,
The Temple was not my father!
I could hear the temple bells
Ringing in my ears…

I could hear the temple walls,
Heaving sighs in the dead of night,
Sighs of satisfaction…
I could hear my mother’s sobs,
Intermingle with the sighs,
Sighs of dissatisfaction…

As I slept on the cold-rough stone,
My cradle in the darkest chamber,
Where light hardly ever entered,
I missed a father’s loving touch,
When I asked my mother,
She said:
The temple was my father!

Then one day, through the
Half shut doors, I saw:
The priest heaving and hawing,
Full of sweat…
The pained surprise in my mother’ eyes,
(On being so exposed),
Silently beseeching me
With helpless tearful eyes:
“Go away! You’re still too young!”

But one day, I grew up!

I felt the “touch”,
A creeping crawling, lustful touch,
The expression in the priest’s eyes,
Matched the touch,
As he held me in his clutch…
Nausea welled up in my throat:
It was not a father’s touch,
I could feel it in my innocent bones…

Then Another, and Another…

Now, I am “My Mother”…

Like her, I do not know,
The father of the baby in my womb…

Like my mother, I am going to
Tell, my daughter:
“Temple is your father!”

This has gone on for centuries,
And still goes on…
This will go on forever…

I am the Devadasi of the Temple…
Temples may crumble…
But,
I will go on
Forever…

I am touched like bharjeen –nay- virgin Madonna ( though the poem quality is worse than is bullsh#t )  .

I feel like having a good cry .

SNIFF !


BOOO HOOOOOOOO !!



The social reformer stooges of Rothschild were all in the business of condemning the devadasi system on paper – Opium drug runner and reformer Raja Ram Mohan Roy,   Chitpavan Jew-nay- brahmin Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade the founding member of INC,  Chitpavan Maharishi Karve etc etc



Genuine women’s  reformers and desh bhakts  like the great Bengali Sanskrit scholar Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar never found the way into our school social studies books.

Below : One stamp, worth collecting !



I challenge anybody to point out a REAL mass movement against the system of devadasis in India—during British rule and after they left..

The devadasis belonging to the Hanuman God sect were branded with HOT IRON on the left arm, before Independence  – these are the ones who frequent Hanuman temples and recite Hanuman Chalisya. 

They are considered to be immune from widowhood and were called “akhanda saubhagyavati”.  

While branding with a hot iron these words would be uttered.




Yes , the same words you hear as a form on blessing in Bollywood movies nowadays.  Well well, what do you know ?

I shall be a gentleman and shall NOT send a email to Zoya fu#kin' Zaidi , to write a poem on Aiysha . 

I wonder if this UK returned modernized woman even knows.   But Madame MIM, I can quote from the Koran, I hold a copy.


EPILOGUE :( ENTERED ON 9TH APRIL 2015 ) 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/04/cp-brown-and-yogi-vemana-capt-ajit.html

Devadasis were called Basavis in Karnataka State In Karnataka,  old devadasis are called as `Jogati' and young devadasis as `Basavi'.  The term `Basavi' refers to feminine form of `Basava' a bull which roams the village at will without any restriction.  Hence `Basavi' alludes to the foot loose position of the woman.  In Yellampura village almost everybody worships Yellamma deity.  A dominant caste like Lingayats acknowledge Yellamma  ( created by R  ) as their family deity. The lingayath community was made almost like Christianity with a military style pecking order-with Jangams , Settis etc.

 The white invader took full advantage by controlling their FAKE Lingayat mutts to get petite girls  Devadasis ) for FREE SEX in their brothels  Devadasis .  The R created Khandoba girls were also Devadasis

Like how the Karnataka Lingayath girls were devoted to Yellamma , the Maharashtrian girls ( Muralis ) were devoted to Khandoba (  a diety created by R )  .    Murali, whose token marriage is performed with the dagger of Khandoba, remains unmarried throughout her life and leads a life same as devadasi of Yellama.  The girl after her first menses is then forbidden to become the wedded wife of any man, and she now has to service the white man in a whore house . Triple Sri is nowadays singing the parises of GOD Khandoba-and setting guinness book of world records .

On first or second Saturday coming after the Hindu New Years Day ( Chitpavan Jews Gudhi padawa), the devadasis were screwed in public—stopped 90 years ago.  This is now replaced by another tradition called OKALI  which was stopped 25 after the Bene Israel Chitpavans migrated to Israel.  It is a festival like 'Rang Panchami'. The Chitpavan Brahmins s assemble around a pool of coloured water in front of the town temple.  Young devadasis were made to wear the thinnest sarees with no blouse or underwear. The coloured water is poured over the devadasis who look absolutely  naked . The boys do everything except penetrate their orifices . Some would be masurbating . This happens in the name of god 'Bili Kallappa'.

The Karnataka Lingayat Devadasis did "Sidi attu" in Madakeripura. This was also stopped  in  1987. The young devadasi girls was suspended with a hook in her back raised up and rotated . The entire crowd watches her vagina from underneath , with many foreigners taking pictures.

Good looking small Lingayat girls are identified by the white invaders  touts and tattoed.  Tattooing is ONLY done for females at the age of five and that too good looking ones.

THERE IS NO EASY ESCAPE FOR DEVADASIS  .  


A round mark, the size of a pea, is pricked between the eyebrows, on the right cheek, and on the chin. Other marks are made on the fore- head. These marks are also made on the forearms and hands.

Hullo –ever heard of R and what he did to Hindus ?


I DID NOT PUT THIS PARA IN MY DEVADASI POST – NOW I SHALL . 


CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
..



Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


SINCE THERE ARE MORE THAN 200 COMMENTS-- CLICK ON "LOAD MORE" TO SEE THE REST OF THE COMMENTS



Grace and peace !




Lord Shiva is a king among physicians.  He is worshipped in this form in Purlee Vaijyanath.  He is worshipped in this form at a great temple in Tamil Nadu known as Vaitheeswaran Koil (Temple of the lord of physicians).

Lord Rama performed the cremation of the bird Jatayu whom Ravana cut down, in this spot.
  


It is also believed that Lord Subramanya got his trident after worshipping in this temple.

There is a temple tank called Siddha Amrutha Theertha (the all curing nectar water) in this temple. Bathing in this tank is supposed to cure many diseases.

Tiru Chandu pills distributed in this temple are considered as a cure for many diseases.

This is purported to be the medicine, which Vaidyanatha gave to Angaraka to cure his illness. 


Sree rama soumithri jatayu veda,
Shadanadithya kujarchithya,
Sree neelakandaya daya mayaya,
Sree vaidyanathaya namasivaya.

I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who is worshipped by Rama and Lakshmana,
Who is woshipped by Jatayu,
Who is worshipped by the Vedas,
Who is worshipped by Lord Subrahmanya,
Who is worshipped by the Sun God,
Who is worshipped by the Mars God,
Who is having a blue neck,
And who is the personification of mercy.

Ganga pravahendu jada dharaya,
Trilochanaya smara kala hanthre,
Samstha devairapi poojithaya,
Sree vaidyanathata namasivaya.

I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who wears the flow of Ganges and the moon,
On his head,
Who has three eyes,
Who had killed the God of love and death,
And who is worshipped by all devas.

Bhaktha priyaya, tripuranthakaya,
Pinakine dushta haraya nithyam,
Prathyaksha leelaya manushya loke,
Sree vaidyanathaya namasivaya.

I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who is the lover his devotees,
Who has destroyed the three cities,
Who holds the bow called Pinaka,
Who destroys bad people daily,
And who plays in the world of humans.

Prabhootha vadadhi samastha roga,
Pranasa karthre muni vandhthithaya,
Prabhakarennd wagni vilochanaya,
Sri vaidyanathaya nama sivaya.


I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who cures all great diseases,
Like rheumatism and arthritis,
Who is saluted by great sages,
And to whom, the sun god,
Moon and God of fire are eyes.

Vakchrothra nethrangiri viheena jantho,
Vakchrothra nethrangiri sukha pradaya,
Kushtadhi sarvonnatha roga hanthre,
Sri Vaidyanathaya nama sivaya.


I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who blesses those beings,
Who have lost their speech, hearing, sight and ability to walk,
With these abilities,
And who provides cure,
For devastating diseases like leprosy.

Vedantha vedhyaya jagan mayaya,
Yogiswara dhyeya Padambujaya,
Trimurthy roopaya sahasra namne,
Sri vaidyanathaya nama sivaya.


I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who can be known through vedantha,
Who is spread through out the universe,
Who has a lotus feet ,
That is meditated upon by great sages,
Who is of the form of the holy trinity,
And who has thousand names.

Swatheertha mrudbasma brudanga bajam,
Pisacha dukha arthi bhayapahaya,
Athma swaroopaya sareera bajaam,
Sri Vaidyanaathaya namasivaya.

I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who removes all suferings,
Caused by bad spirits, sorrows and fears,
By dip in his holy tank,
By the holy ash in the temple,
And by the mud below the neem tree of the temple,
And who is the personification of soul,
Occupying human body.

Sree neelakandaya vrushaba dwajaya,
Sarakkanda basmadhya abhi shobithaya,
Suputhradarathi subagyathaya,
Sri vaidyanathaya nama sivaya.

I salute that God Shiva,
Who is the king among physicians,
Who has a blue neck,
Who has the the bull on his flag,
Who shines by flowers, sacred ash and sandal,
Who grants good children and good wife,
And who blesses us with all good luck.

Balambikesa vaidyesa bava roga haredisa,
Japen nama thrayam nithyam maha roga nivaranam.

Those who recite this prayer,
Thrice a day with devotion,
And pray the Lord Vaidyanatha,
Who is with his consort Balambika,
And who removes the fear of birth and death,

Would get cured of all great diseases.
*********************************************************************
COCONUT PALM TREE SUGAR , NUTRITIOUS SWEETENER OF LOW GLYCEMIC INDEX FOR DIABETES AND OBESITY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



NEERA,  NON ALCOHOLIC  COCONUT TREE  UNFERMENTED TODDY   , THE DRINK OF THE GODS,  6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDIC REGENERATOR  FOR LIVER , PANCREAS AND KIDNEY – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



As a bachelor , while on leave I would love to have a drink of Smirnoff Vodka mixed with early morning neera frozen in the fridge ( unfermented non alcoholic coconut toddy ) .   

It is the best drink you can have ever in your life.




Before I proceed I must give a brief introduction about virgin coconut oil and tender coconut water.

All health studies on coconut oils have been done on hydrogenated oils DELIBERATELY , so that the immoral west can have a trade advantage with their own GM Canola, GM Sunflower and Olive oils.

Today in USA people on the verge of Alzheimers , drink coconut oil straight from table spoons.





In high heat of Indian cooking of >250 deg centigrade these fancy oils like  Olive , Corn, Safflower, Sunflower etc , gets unstable with free radicals abuzz from pulverized molecules and become carcinogeic.
"Virgin" coconut oil -- an organic and unrefined, undeodorized, unhardened coconut oil, with high levels of natural anti-oxidants , NIL trans fats.

Coconut oil and ghee  are a source of  short-chain fatty acids  which are easier to digest than long-chain acids.  Short-chain fatty acids actually help to strengthen and develop cell membranes while long-chain acids increase risks of blood clots and cancer.

Our bodies metabolize medium-chain and short-chain fats differently than long-chain ones, and medium- and short-chain ones are not associated with cardiovascular problems in the same way as the long-chain ones are.

The Caprylic Acid inherent in coconut oil destroys Candida yeast . This acid  basically "pokes holes" in the Candida yeast cell wall, causing it to die. 

Virgin Coconut oil helps prevent modern diseases like Crohns disease,  fatty liver disease , kidney diseases , Parkinsons , high BP and cholesterol , Alzheimer’s , obesity, fungi , viral diseases , diabetes , breast cancers , PMS syndrome etc.  



Below: The process of collecting coconut tree sap neera.




In Kerala we never has Alzheimers till the corrupt ministers started importing palm oils , sunflower oils, soya bean oils etc !

Today if you suspect the virgin coconut oil you buy in the supermarket,  just put the bottle horizontally in the freezer to solidify it , and then place it a warm place vertically to melt the oil with a thermometer inserted.  It the oil takes a high 38 deg centigrade of heat to UN freeze it means the oil is hydrogenated.

Unlike saturated fats from animal sources, coconut oil does not raise cholesterol levels in the body or contribute to cardiovascular disease. In fact, it does the opposite. It can effectively lower LDL cholesterol and has a protective effect on the arteries.  It does this because of the size of its molecule.

Coconut oil is a saturated fat, which can be safely heated to high temperatures. A saturated fat has no possibility to attract more hydrogen atoms and is therefore very stable.  Coconut oil, like mother's milk, is rich in lauric acid. Once inside our bodies, lauric acid gets converted to monolaurin, which has powerful anti-viral, anti-microbial and anti-fungal properties and does not harm our natural defenses, like medicines can.

Coconut oil really is a miracle food. 



It stabilizes blood sugar levels, helps balance hormones, stimulates thyroid function leading to increased metabolism and fat burning, reduces stress on the liver and pancreas and boosts the cellular healing processs of the body by destroying dangerous microbes and enhancing tissue repair, hence its ability to aid the healing if skin wounds, cuts, burns and bruizes.  As it is so easy to metabolize, it effectively boosts our energy levels.

Tender coconut water is the most sterile and purest liquid on earth. It is the only liquid which can be used for intravenous plasma transfusions , as it is electrolytic. 

In the 2nd World war it saved so many soldiers from certain death, that it is called the water of life. 

People in Kerala India drank coconut water, to recover faster from Chikunguniya ( break bone fever, Dengue ). Otherwise the terrible joint pains , take too long to subside.

Let me list out the good effects of LIVING coconut water:--

Prevents hypertension.
Prevents fatty liver problems
Increases libido and sexual performance for both sexes.
Revitalised the reproductive system , for barren couples.
Anti-oxidant and chases away free radicals.
Flushes toxins away from the cells due to proper surface tension.
Urinary infections and bladder problem
Natural diuretic for flushing the urinary system, the water flows through fast
Prevents kidney stones and flushing ones already built up
Controls Cholesterol and hardening of arteries
Improves bowel movement and hence constipation
Helps faster recovery from Bacterial and Viral diseases, without side effects
Boosts blood circulation due to pH balance
Increases metabolism and weight loss
Boosts immune system
Isotonic beverage , more Potassium/ Sodium ,less Sodium and NIL fats
An excellent skin softener and anti wrinkle wash

Contains the following minerals:--

Calcium
Magnesium
Phosphorus
Iron
Potassium
Zinc
Sodium
Selenium
Copper
Manganese
   
Contains the following Vitamins:--   

Vitamin C
Riboflavin
Thiamine
Niacin
Vitamin B12
Vitamin B6
Folate
Pantothenic Acid
Choline


I guess some of my readers are now confused.

AAA- What is tender coconut water?

It is water inside a tender coconut!

See picture below . The best health and sports drink .




BBB- What is virgin coconut oil ?

The white meat inside the coconut is dried in the sun and oil is squeezed out of this dried copra.
Do NOT  buy hydrogenated coconut oil.  Oil is hydrogenated to increase its melting point from 24 deg C to about 38 deg C.

See picture below . The best and most healthy vegetable oil on the planet..



Below : Dried copra!




CCC- What is neera or coconut tree sap or non-alcoholic fresh toddy  ?

It is oyster white sap tapped from immature inflorescence of the coconut tree which oozes out ( see below ) 
.


Today I was surprised to see a coconut tree sugar cake in a super market nicely packed into 30 rupee packets  –  as I type this post I am eating it.  

You will NOT believe how sweet and tasty it is.

It reminded me of my childhood when we used to have it daily ( instead of sugar ) and our payasam would be made of it.  

This sweetener was always used for Ayurvedic medicines –we call in Malayalam as Chakkara.

This sugar has a very low glycemic index .  The glycemic index or glycemic index (GI) is a measure of how quickly blood glucose levels (i.e., blood sugar) rise after eating a particular type of food.   

Glucose (the defining standard) has a glycemic index of 100, while coconut sugar is less than 34.   This is almost like carrots on an index scale , but much much sweeter.

The GI of honey which diabetics and weight watchers use in vain hope is 56 – 60.  All artificial sweeteners l come with deadly side effects.


Due to coconut neera produced sugar has a low glycemic index, its calories are absorbed into the bloodstream at a significantly slower rate than regular refined sugar. This property should be of interest to anyone who is monitoring their blood sugar levels and attempting to avoid blood sugar spikes.

Below: Shirodhara.



Punch into Google search-
SHIRODHARA, 6000 YEAR OLD MASSAGE FOR THE PINEAL GLAND  VADAKAYIL

Coconut sugar has been used as a traditional sweetener for tens of thousands of years in Kerala. The soul less communists, the Muslim league and the Syrian Christian lobby of Kerala banned this sap . 

Today toddy is obtained in Kerala in very few places --  and the tree climbing toddy tappers are a dying breed .

So since people from Kerala are great drinkers what are they drinking ?

The brokers of INDIAN MADE FOREIGN LIQUOR put methanol in this great toddy drink and people died . 

It is as stupid as -- someone puts Methanol in water, so you ban water.

So our lobbied evil politicians promptly banned toddy— like how they imported unhealthy palm oil from Malaysia and killed,  healthy desi Coconut oil .  

So today IMFL ( useless malt whisky / sugar cane rum / grape brandy ) is what we get .  

What a disgrace !
. 


“Mula paal kazhinjetu kula paal” is a popular line in Kerala .  This translates to “ after mother’s milk comes coconut neera milk” .   

It was tradition in Kerala that small children after breast feeding period was over was first given pure nutritious un-fermented toddy,  before they were given external feed.

It is  documented that in isolated islands of central pacific during WW2 , when crops failed, for months people survived on this drink.  




As a steady diet, processed white sugar is worse than nothing.  Plain water can keep you alive for quite some time.  White sugar and water can kill you, as ship wrecked sailors have proved.   Humans and animals are unable to subsist on a diet of sugar.


In Bollywood movie DIRTY PICTURE Vidya Balan runs away to the city as a young girl to pursue her dreams of becoming an actress surviving for many days only on sugar and water enroute .  This is NOT possible.



Neera is gets fermented  at ambient temperature within a few hours of extraction at sunrise , from the coconut tree.  Once fermented, it transforms into toddy with 4% alcohol , unless it is refrigerated. 



Amount of alcohol present in toddy is up to maximum 8% on the 3rd day of neera sap extraction. After which acetic fermentation process starts, which brings the alcohol content down.  

Fresh extracted neera sap will NIL alcohol.  If allowed to ferment beyond 3 days, it will yield a strong acidic vinegar which has a short shelf life.




Coconut sugar or Chakkara is good for women struggling hard to control their weight before marriage .  




In addition to being a healthy sugar for diabetes patients with burnt out pancreas , it also helps to lower serum cholesterol and risk of cardiovascular and coronary heart disease.

When I was a kid my neighbor had a sweet coconut tree  – called nadan ( local non hybrid ).  Rats used to eat the fallen small premature lemon size nuts or mechinga-  as it was  so sweet.   They gave  the tree for coconut tapping, and this neera was absolutely divine.

The sugar made from this neera had rounded sweet caramel and butterscotch notes, without the bad metallic after taste usual brown sugar has.




Toddy tapping does not kill or harm the tree, rather a famished tree rejuvenates after a session of toddy tapping.

The cut is made was on the stem of a flowering bud which normally would bear a large bunch of coconuts.


Processed white sugar is 99.96% sucrose . White sugar robs the body of B vitamins, disrupts calcium metabolism and has a deleterious effect on the nervous system. 



Processed white sugar by itself contains NIL nutrients, proteins, healthy fats, enzymes—nothing.

It gives empty and quickly digested calories that actually pull minerals from the body during digestion. It creates a hormone cascade when consumed that starts a positive feedback loop in the body to encourage more consumption.



White refined sugar-is not a food at all.  

It is a pure chemical extracted from sugar cane.  



Its true name is sucrose and its chemical formula is C12 H22 O11.  It has 12 carbon atoms, 22 hydrogen atoms and 11 oxygen atoms.



Calcium, sodium, potassium and magnesium are taken from various parts of the body to make use of white sugar.  Refined sugar is void of all nutrients, consequently it causes the body to deplete its own stores of various vitamins, minerals and enzymes.

If sugar consumption is continued, an over-acid condition results, and more minerals are needed from deep in the body to correct the imbalance.



India is on the road to type 2 diabetes and nobody is warning the Indian public.  They are busy discussing Sachin Tendulkar.

Punch into Google search-

TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA VADAKAYIL


Coconut tree sap sugar has a high mineral content, being a rich source of potassium, magnesium, zinc, and iron.  In addition to this it contains Vitamin B1, B2, B3, and B6.  

When compared to brown sugar, coconut sugar has 36 times the iron, four times the magnesium, and over 10 times the amount of zinc. The coconut sap, from which coconut sugar is derived, contains 16 amino acids. 

 Diabetics must know that coconut tree sap sugar is their savior . Its must be used as a sugar substitute .

Aspartame they use in sugar free zero calorie artificial sugar is bad for heath . You find main stream media singings its praises.  Many diabetic people have died and nobody warns about it. 



Never mind what that Sugar Free artificial sweeteners say—these artificial sweeteners trick your body into gaining weight and storing flab, the exact opposite of what you expect !  

Aspartame is comprised of methanol, phenylalanine and aspartic acid.  When aspartame breaks down it produces DKP. As your stomach digests DKP, it produces a chemical that induces the growth of brain tumors.  





Emotional and mood disorders have been linked to aspartame.  Aspartame increases your hunger and  impedes your weight loss.  Phenylalanine and aspartic acid can cause spikes in insulin levels and force your body to remove the glucose from your blood stream and store it as fat.  

Aspartame inhibits the production of serotonin and prevents your brain from signalling to your body that you are full.  This leads to food cravings and make it more difficult for you to lose weight.




Here is the nutritional composition of coconut tree neera sugar (in 100g)

Component/   Quantity in Mg
Moisture/         0.06%
Protein /        432 mg
Minerals/         5.24 mg
Carbohydrate/       11.0 mg
Calcium/          18.9 mg
Phosphorous/      1.9 mg
Iron/    5.2 mg


Fresh neera is a sweet, oyster white and translucent fluid and is as pure as mothers’ milk . As per Ayurveda it has many medicinal properties and a is refreshing health drink.   

Neera is  rich in vitamins like Potassium , Beta-Carotene, Calcium, Iron, Magnesium, Phosphorous and Sodium and  contains anti-oxidants which make this natural food such a great part of your diet.

While performing Theyyam, the medium who enacts Lord Muthappan fasts for a day and only consumes non alcoholic neeru or slightly alcoholic toddy.

Punch into Google search-
MUTHAPPAN DEITY OF NORTH KERALA VADAKAYIL .



Extracting neera ( non-alcoholic coconut tree sap ) takes many months of practice. The tapper climbs at the top of the tree and select a half matured bud,  cut its top , shapes its ridge ,and places a mud pitcher so that the oozing liquid is collected in the pitcher without losing even a drop.  

The shoot of the palm is sliced near its tip and the cut end is covered with this mud pot. He mildly taps the selected bud from bottom to top so that the sap flows smooth to the pitcher.

His next visit is to collect the oozed sap in to a jar attached to the belt, descent and take the product to the toddy contractor-- two visits a day one early morning and the other in the evening. 



That collected in the evening would be ready to use by the morning (as it becomes adequately fermented within that time).  It is the fermentation that adds ‘kick’ to the brew.

It is normally an evening business and by the next morning, the pot will be full of white frothy toddy.  When the palm has reached the normal bearing stage, every leaf axis produces a spadix or inflorescence.

The flow of juice increases gradually and the pot should be changed twice daily, at the same time shaving a thin slice from the end of the spathe, tapping slightly with the mallete and smearing on a mixture of bruised taali leaves for stimulating the flow of toddy from the spathe . 



These taali leaf paste when applied on the cut portion, keeps bacterial infection away and makes the bud ooze sap,  at the same time  not allowing it to go dry and heal.

By the time collection of the sap is over, fermentation sets-in immediately and the sap is converted into fresh toddy or sweet toddy. This product is a milky white and effervescent.

Each new bud can be used until it ceases to provide sap. A good bud usually last for maximum 2 months.
The neera can be refrigerated to keep it fresh and non-alcoholic , or fermentation will set in . 

If you do NOT have a fridge ,you can add a piece of white pumpkin or little edible lime ( choona ) /Calcium hydroxide to stop fermentation of toddy, so you can keep it fresh for a long run.

Below:  Since the coconut tree has to be climbed so  often , the trunk becomes too smooth  and becomes slippery -- so they tie up husk like step ladders-- watch a tourist climbing up a tree to sip pancreas re-vitalising QUANTUM ACTION NEERA straight from the mud pot on top.



Because of the ban on toddy 85% of the existing tappers have joined the booming construction industry—and then there is NO looking back.  It is IMPOSSIBLE to replace a human beings for toddy tapping.

Fresh neera is very light in color and should flow like water.  Neera is rich in carbohydrates, mostly sucrose, and has a nearly neutral pH.



Fermented toddy will have dark shade of off-white color and will be slightly viscous.

The Kerala Govt has not realized that more people die of cholesterol and foreign alcohol  . Neera has NIL cholesterol.

Within two hours, fermentation yields an aromatic wine of up to 4% alcohol content, mildly intoxicating and sweet.  Kallu is usually drunk soon after fermentation by the end of day, as it becomes more sour and acidic day by day.  Spices are added in order to brew the drink and give it its distinct amazing taste. 



The toddy may be allowed to ferment longer, up to a day, to yield a stronger, more sour and acidic taste, which some people prefer .  This can be distilled to create a stronger drink called ARRACK OR CHARAYAM. 

The pH of the fresh toddy varies from 6.2 to 7.2, but the pH gradually drops to 4.3-4.0 9 ( acidic) by continued fermentation.   pH of neutral fresh water is 7.



Below video : A Malayalam childhood folk song about CHAKKARA 

Oh my prince, will it rain sweet in the Chakkara pandal today ?
Will I be the princess of your dreams ?
How I yearn nay thirst  to row on a lotus in the river of your love-----

----  when will you strum my veena strings ?



Chakkarapandhalil thenmazha choriyum chakravarthi kumaraa? 
Ninmanorajyathe rajakumariyay vannu nilkanoru moham.. 
Chakkarapanthalil?
Dahichu mohich ninprema yamunayil thaamaravallam thuzhayan..(2) 
Karalilurangum kathirkaanakkili kaathu nilpu ninne?(2) 
Chakkarapandalil?. 
Veenudayathe irikkam jeevitha veenatharam njan kayyil..
Kanaka smaranakal neettiya neythiri kazhachavekkam munnil?. 
Hrudayam niraye swapnavumay nee madhuram killitharumo?.(2) 
Vijanalathagruha vaathalil varumo veenameetti tharumo?.veena meetti tharumo? 
Chakkarapandhalil?. 
Chakkarapandhalil?.

The guy on the keyboard of above video , can leave AR Rahman and Hans Zimmerman miles behind.

Below video : Young Stephen Devassy,  a genius , is a Dhoni look alike.  Stephen holds the record at Trinity College of Music, London for completing the course in three years’ time-- the shortest ever.   

They are quite upset about it.  I bet my bottom dollar that very soon they will push a Jew ahead of him - like how our akkal ka dushman got a MPhil from Oxford, sans thesis/ dissertation.



Below: AR Rehman took him to Sydney.  Stephen composes his own music too.  He plays western classical piano  --Mozart, Beethoven etc -- much better than original scores.



To make Chakkara or coconut tree sap sugar, the sap is boiled in enormous vats over low heat, to evaporate the moisture content ( 80% ) of the neera sap.. .
   
As the water evaporates, it starts to transform into a thick syrup-like substance..  From this form, it is further reduced to crystal, block or soft paste form, or it remains in this form.

It is never refined or bleached like white sugar.  So the nutrients it was made with are still there.



That's rare for sweeteners, most of which are highly refined .  Remarkably, even though coconut tree neera  sugar cooks, dissolves and melts just like regular sugar, it has a far superior taste.

The recovery of coconut sugar/ jaggery from syrup is 15%.  It is superior to sugar cane jaggery.





Neera contains thiamine, riboflavin, nicotinic acid, ascorbic acid , manganese ,copper, calcium, iron, zinc, potassium, lithium etc

The neera sap is subjected to filtration,  centrifuging, processing and packaging.  The processed product has a limited shelf life.  If it is stores in plastic it must be kept in a cool place and NOT kept in the hot sunlight.  This liquid is a thirst quencher.



The neera sap is best drunk fresh as soon as it oozes out of the cut spadix  into the coconut  tree top pot, for its quantum effect.  This is truly a drink of the gods . This can regenerate and revitalize your pancreas, liver and kidney. It is a health drink for diabetics.

The “Indian made foreign liquor” pushed by the lobbied up Kerala Ministers are NOT good for human health. 



There are western tourists who come to Kerala just to have a good Ayurvedic massage (Shirodhara)  , drink fresh sweet neera with fried fresh water fish Karimeen , have ultra delicious VELLAPPAM doused in sweet coconut milk, and watch elephants in the temples ..



Punch into Google search-
PARADISE ON EARTH KERALA VADAKAYIL.

Kallu ( fermented toddy ) is also offered to Gods in Muthappan kavus ( ancient pre-Parashurama era Kerala temples )  .

Punch into Google search-
MUTHAPPAN DEITY OF NORTH KERALA VADAKAYIL .

When ever  come back home on leave after a tenure on the ship, the next morning my wife will make vellappam for breakfast.  This dish requires yeast in the form of fermented coconut toddy.



Toddy is mixed with rice dough and left over night to aid in fermentation and expansion of the dough causing the dough to rise overnight, making the bread soft when prepared.

Vellappam is a  round white lacy pancake with a crisp boundary with an airy, soft on touch, fluffy center. It is doused in sweetened coconut milk , or eaten with Kerala potato stew which uses coconut milk and pepper..





Today cocktail tattiquete – nay- etiquette requires that you know what “Angostura bitters” is.

If you don’t know the snooty crowd will wrinkle their noses at you. This is almost like a Communist NOT knowing the word Bourgeouis.

Let me tell you what it is.

In Malayalam Ayurveda call it SINJONA found in great abundance in the Western ghats . The British transplanted it in Ceylon .

It is a herb to prevent gas and farting . It was usual to put some of this herb along with some other carminative herbs/ spices for that flavor and feel good affect.  

When you put Ayurvedic herb bitters it prevents fermentation of neera due to bacteria and inherent yeasts.  

Bitters are also  cleansing, detoxifying,  germicidal,  parasiticidal,  stimulating, and tonifying.

This was patented by a German and he declared that he got this brainwave at Angostura – some god forsaken place in Venezuela.

Today in classy bars you will find a small bottle of Angostura bitters ( with a ridiculously oversized label )




Fermentation causes friendly bacteria and yeasts to convert carbohydrates and sugar, into an alcohol or an acid.  

C6H12O6 (glucose) → 2 C2H5OH (ethanol) + 2 CO2 (carbon dioxide)

Louis Pasteur got his fermentation insights from 6000 year old Ayurveda.   Lord Krishna as a young boy was fond of fresh yoghurt.  In our 7000 year old scriptures we have stories of bad drunkard kings who ruled badly.


You see the white invader liked to steal , patent and destroy the original source.




MNYUM  MNYUM  MNYUM  SLUURRRRP 

What was that unholy sound ?

Pray?

Prithee ?


Well, my dear folks, that was the sound of Capt Ajit Vadakayil, eating fresh fried fish and having the “drink of the gods “

BURRRPP  PRRRRRRR !

PSSSSSSST : There aint no PRRRRR if you put them bitters , OK ?.



THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS CROSSED 200  - 

HENCE TO SEE ALL COMMENTS CLICK ON "LOAD MORE"

Grace and peace !



Ambha sambhavi chandramouli rabhala aparna uma paarvathii
Kaali haimavathi shiva thrinayanaa kaathyayani bhairavi
Savithri navayowvana subhaghari saam rajya lakshmi pradha
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 1

O Shambhavi! Mother Amba, You are adorned with a crescent moon on forehead, You do not eat even leaves as food in fasting, You are known as Parvati, Kali, Haimavati and Siva, You have three eyes, You are known as Katyayani, Bhairavi and Savitri, You are forever young, You bestow auspicion, You bestow kingdom and wealth, You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||1||

Ambha mohini devathaa thribhuvanani aanandhasandhayini
Vaani pallava bhaani venu murali ghanapriya lolinii
Kalyanee uduraaja bhimbhavadana dhoomratcha samharinii
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 2


O Mohini! Mother Amba, You reside in the three worlds and grant eternal bliss. You are the speech (Vani), You like the music and song played by the flute of Krishna (One with flower in hand), You are auspicious, Your face is like the reflection of the Moon, You killed Dhumraksha (a demon), You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||2||

Ambha noopura rathna kankanadhari keyoora haaraavali
Jaadhi shambhagha vyjayanthi laharii kryveyagai raajithaa
Veena venu vinodha manditha karaa veeraasaney samsthithaa
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 3

Mother Amba, You possess gems, stones and bracelet, You have a garland made of Keyura, Your neck is adorned with a wavy garland made of jasmine, perfumes and pearls, Your hands are adorned by veena (lute) and flute for merriment, You are seated in the Virasana Yoga posture, You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||3||

Ambha routhrini bhadrakaali pagalaa jwaalaamukhi vaishnavi
Brahmaani thripuraandhaki suranudhaa dedeepya manojwala
Chaamundaachridha ratcha bhosha janani daatchayani vallavi
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 4

O Bhadrakali! Mother Amba, You are frightening Raudrini, You are Bagala, Javalamukhi, Vaisnavi and Brahmani, You vanquish the three worlds, You are worshipped by the Devas, You are resplendent with light, You are Camunda, You are the mother who adorns, protects and nutures, You are Sati or Daksayani, You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||4||

Ambha kula dhanuhu : kasaangusadhari arthendhu bhimbhaadari
Varaahi madhu kaidhabha prasamani vaani ramaa sevithaa
Mallaathyaasuraha mughadaithya mdani maaheshwari shambhiga
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 5

Mother Amba, You are wielding a monodent, a goad and a bow, You have a crescent moon on the forehead, You are Varahi, You destroyed the demons Madhu and Kaitabh, You are honored by Sarasvati and Lakshmi, You vanquished Malla and Mooka demons, You are Mahesvari and Ambika (divine mother), You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||5||


Ambha srishti vinaasa paalanakari aarya visam sobhithaa
Gaayathri pranvaatcharaamrudharasa: pooranaanu sandhi kridha
Omkaari vinadhasudaarchidapadaa uththanda daithyabhahaa
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 6


Mother Amba, You create, destroy and nurture the world, You are Arya and Gayatri, You are devoid of adornment, You are full of the nectar of the  pranavakshara  OM, You have separated the heaven and the earth, You are Omkari, Your feet has been adorned by the son if Vinata (Garuda), You destroy the imbecile demons, You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||6||

Ambha saasvadha aagamaadi vinudhaa aarya mahadevathaa
Ya brahmaadi, bibeelikaan janadadhi yaavai jagan mohini
Ya panjapranavaadhi repaajanani ya chithkala maalini
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 7

Mother Amba, You are revered (bowed) by treatises, You are Arya, and You are the natural forces. That Who gives birth to everyone  from Brahma and others to the smallest ants, that Who entices the world, that Who gives birth to the five types of Pranava syllables (like OM), that Who is the art of intellect, You are that One, Who is adorned with a garland. You are eternal bliss, You are above all, You are the Goddess, and You rule the Lords as Rajarajeshvari||7||

Ambha paalitha bhaktha raaja danisam ambaastagam yaha padeth
Ambha lolaa kadatcha veetcha lalithanjaiswarya mavyahadam
Ambha pavana manthra raaja padana thandesa motcha pradha
Chitrubhi paradevatha bhagavathi sri rajarajeshwari 8


Those who read these eight-cantos on Amba (Mother), Which is staying continuously with the devotees of Amba, Which is a result of the [bestowing] glance of the eyes of the Mother and Which has all the wealth absorbed in it, receive Moksha from the Mother, Who is eternal bliss, Who is above all, Who is the Goddess and Who rules the Lords as Rajarajeshvari, by the means of reading this best among chants.||8||
__________________

Reverence to Him who wears the crescent moon, Him who is embodied in pure consciousness, Him whose three eyes are the three Vedas, and who is the source from which all prosperity flows.
*********************************************************************
HYPOGLYCEMIA , LOW BLOOD SUGAR AND ROAD ACCIDENTS IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PET DOGS TRAINED TO SNIFF AND ALERT HYPERGLYCEMIA AND HYPOGLYCEMIA LIMITS IN DIABETIC PATIENTS ,  GLUCAGON HORMONE INJECTION KIT FOR INSULIN SHOCKED UNCONSCIOUS DIABETICS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Above : All those who say animals cannot be trained , raise your hands.  By the way men are educated, animals are trained , OK ?


Below is the picture of a pet dog who can alert a diabetic patient .  



Dogs pick up on scents created by the chemical changes that occur in the person’s body using their powerful sense of smell: while humans has around five  million olfactory receptors, a dog has more than 200 million, producing a scenting skill that is a thousand times more sensitive than that of humans.

The other way to do it is to draw blood from your finger using a one touch monitor ( below ).



You will understand this post only after reading another post.

Punch into Google search-
TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA  VADAKAYIL


How many of you know that a big chunk of road accidents in India is due to sudden low blood sugar spike? 

The driving licence issuing authority must check if the driver is a diabetic .  




Above :  Why did the truck driver NOT know of an onset ?   Hypoglycemia unawareness occurs more frequently in those who frequently have low blood glucose episodes (which can cause you to stop sensing the early warning signs of hypoglycemia)


Anytime while driving you feel hypoglycemia setting in you must stop the car , unlock the doors, and roll down the windows immediately-- and keep your DIABETES BRACELET visible.



Instead of talking about such critical things , which destroy families dependent of a bread winner, our media talks about Bharat Ratna- Sachin Tendulkar who still sells Coke and cheap wares on TV .  Yup, he is the same greedy guy who claimed tax relief for being an artiste -- and made poor Indian tax payers , pay for his Ferrari car.




Worth billions of rupees,  Sachin Tendulkar had also claimed petty expenses tax deduction of Rs.57,969 towards staff welfare expenses  , that included expenses incurred on tea and snacks provided to his staff,  Rs.50,000 each on account of entertainment expenses and telephone expenses and Rs.1,42,824 on account of car expenses.   However, the pissed of IT tribunal dismissed these shocking claims saying that the use of telephone, car and food was for him and his family .



After getting tax exemption for his Ferrari, Sachin Tendulkar sold his Ferrari presented by Michael Schumacher for a handsome profit.  Who knows one day someone may buy his Bharat Ratna medal too.



Never mind that if India is the last in the cricket ranking , it will still be a  very high at NINE AND A HALF.


Why I have put all this crap here— just to tell my readers NEVER EVER lose perspective.

When I was  in SCI in the eighties , I was the only Captain whom the Chairman ( a powerful political post ) would consult on technical matters –by a letter which started off with –“ Dear Captain Ajit “.    



We used to have seminars after seminars,  on how to save fuel.   So I shot off a letter to the Chairman stating that the shortest distance between two points A and B is NOT a straight rhumb line on a Mercator chart , but a great circle ( on a globe ) and this type of navigation can be done only with the aid of a GPS.  I also told him, that I hold a private GARMIN GPS, but the company ships do NOT have it.  

He immediately issued a fiat to equip all ships with GPS.



In order NOT to lose perspective it is important to talk about HYPOGLYCEMIA— because high blood sugar is only one side of the effin’ coin. .

By the way if you wanna know how the white invader made a CHOOT out of Indians with MERCATOR CHARTS—

Punch into Google search-

THE COUNTRY SIZE RACIST CONSPIRACY  VADAKAYIL





Six out of ten people with  type 2 diabetes have had at least one  episode of hypoglycemia.  He may NOT have fallen unconscious, but he would have been almost next to it.



Hypoglycemia can occur during normal daily activities such as working, exercising, driving, or traveling, which can be very dangerous.

Hypoglycemia, ( low blood sugar ) , occurs when blood glucose drops below normal levels.  Glucose, an important source of energy for the body, comes from food.  Carbohydrates are the main dietary source of glucose.  Rice, potatoes, bread, chappati, cereal, milk, fruit, and sweets are all carbohydrate-rich foods.



After a meal, glucose is absorbed into the bloodstream and carried to the body's cells. Insulin, a hormone made by the pancreas, helps the cells use glucose for energy. If a person takes in more glucose than the body needs at the time, the body stores the extra glucose in the liver and muscles in a form called glycogen. 

The body can use glycogen for energy between meals. Extra glucose can also be changed to fat and stored in fat cells. Fat can also be used for energy.



When blood glucose begins to fall, glucagon—another hormone made by the pancreas—signals the liver to break down glycogen and release glucose into the bloodstream. Blood glucose will then rise toward a normal level.  

In some people with diabetes, this glucagon response to hypoglycemia is impaired and other hormones such as epinephrine, also called adrenaline, may raise the blood glucose level. But with diabetes treated with insulin or pills that increase insulin production, glucose levels can't easily return to the normal range.

Hypoglycemia can happen suddenly. It is usually mild and can be treated quickly and easily by eating or drinking a small amount of glucose-rich food like a sweet candy. If left untreated, hypoglycemia can get worse and cause confusion, clumsiness, or fainting. 

Severe hypoglycemia can lead to seizures, coma, and even death.





Once on  my ship, while navigating in fog and heavy traffic, I got a call on the bridge from the ER stating that the Polish Chief Engineer is unconscious.

By the time I went down they ER staff in full number , had already brought him from the AE platform to the ECR.  And some idiot was doing CPR.  On checking his pulse and breathing he did NOT need it.  

On the ship we do NOT have diabetics as the blood urine tests before joining are quite stringent. So we usually do NOT suspect diabetic coma with low blood sugar.  I asked the ER watch keepers, if Chief Engineer has sugar with his coffee ( I knew the answer already ), and there was silence. 



For a Captain can send a diabetic home from the next port.   And I had been noticing his diabetic acetone reeking breath .

You cant put sugar into an unconscious man’s mouth. So I send the 2nd engineer with my master key to check out his top drawers for GLUCAGON injection.  On the ship we do NOT carry such injections , it is NOT required unless it is a passenger ship.  



He came down with INSULIN injection. So I had to send him back to search in another drawer and pretty soon he came back with the glucagon injection, which I promptly emptied into his ass cheek. The Chief Engineer opened his eyes almost as a knee jerk reaction.

I am NOT gonna say , if I send him home from the next port—as per company rules .

In adults and children older than 10 years, hypoglycemia is uncommon except as a side effect of diabetes treatment.



When people have such diabetic conditions they must inform their closest friend or colleague about their condition, for their own good.

Hypoglycemia can also happen during sleep.   Some signs of hypoglycemia during sleep include crying out or having nightmares, finding pyjamas or ed sheets damp from perspiration, feeling tired, irritable, or confused after waking up.


Hypoglycemia can occur as a side effect of some diabetes medications, including insulin and oral diabetes medications—pills—that increase insulin production.

There are some diabetes pills, when taken alone, do not cause hypoglycemia, unlike the majority of other . 

Examples of these medications are
acarbose (Precose)
metformin (Glucophage)
miglitol (Glyset)
pioglitazone (Actos)
rosiglitazone (Avandia)


People with diabetes should get to know their signs and symptoms and describe them to their friends and family so they can help if needed. School staff should be told how to recognize a child's signs and symptoms of hypoglycemia and how to treat it.

For good diabetes management, people with diabetes should take diabetes medications in the recommended doses at the recommended times.


Hypoglycemia causes symptoms such as
hunger
shakiness
nervousness
sweating
dizziness or light-headedness
sleepiness
confusion
difficulty speaking
anxiety
weakness

In people on insulin or pills that increase insulin production, low blood glucose can be due to meals or snacks that are too small, delayed, or skipped increased physical activity.  For example, taking a dose of insulin—or other medication that increases insulin levels—but then skipping a meal could result in hypoglycemia.




The driving licence issuing authority in Indian must know about this.  Hypoglycemia is dangerous if it happens to someone who is driving.  

People with hypoglycemia may have trouble concentrating or seeing clearly behind the wheel and may not be able to react quickly to road hazards or to the actions of other drivers.  To prevent problems, people at risk for hypoglycemia should check their blood glucose level before driving. 

During longer trips, they should check their blood glucose level frequently and eat snacks as needed to keep the level at 70 mg/dL or above.  If necessary, they should stop for treatment and then make sure their blood glucose level is 70 mg/dL or above before starting to drive again.


Two types of hypoglycemia can occur in people who do NOT have diabetes:

Reactive hypoglycemia, also called postprandial hypoglycemia, occurs within 4 hours after meals.

Fasting hypoglycemia, also called post absorptive hypoglycemia, is often related to an underlying disease.

Symptoms of both reactive and fasting hypoglycemia are similar to diabetes-related hypoglycemia. 



Symptoms may include hunger, sweating, shakiness, dizziness, light-headedness, sleepiness, confusion, difficulty speaking, anxiety, and weakness.

To relieve reactive hypoglycemia, it is good to eat small meals and snacks about every 3 hours and being physically active, eating foods high in fiber and avoiding or limiting foods high in sugar, especially on an empty stomach.

Fasting hypoglycemia is diagnosed from a blood sample that shows a blood glucose level below 50 mg/dL after an overnight fast, between meals, or after physical activity.   Fasting hypoglycemia occurs as a result of abstaining from food for eight or more hours.  The symptoms are often more severe than those of reactive hypoglycemia and can include seizures, loss of consciousness, and a loss of mental acuity

Drinking alcoholic beverages, especially binge drinking, can cause hypoglycemia. The body's breakdown of alcohol interferes with the liver's efforts to raise blood glucose. Hypoglycemia caused by excessive drinking can be fatal.


Hypoglycemia is most common among people with diabetes, as too much insulin can cause blood sugar levels to fall (an insulin reaction).  Left untreated, hypoglycemia can cause permanent neurological damage and death.  People at risk for hypoglycemia should keep sweets or glucose tablets in their pockets and purses, to treat themselves when the feel an onset . .

Like I said, insulin is a hormone that reduces blood sugar. It is produced by the pancreas in response to increased glucose levels in the blood.  Insulinoma is a rare tumor in the pancreas that produces too much insulin.

Insulin facilitates the transport of glucose from the bloodstream into the cells, especially those of muscle and fatty tissue, and causes glucose to be synthesized in the liver.

If the pancreas is not functioning properly, normal carbohydrate metabolism is impossible. As the blood sugar drops, stress hormones such as adrenaline and cortisol kick in at high levels to prevent the blood sugar level from dropping dramatically.  Glucose (sugar) is the brain's primary fuel.


Hypoglycemia occurs when your body's sugar (glucose) is used up too quickly or glucose is released into the bloodstream too slowly or too much insulin is released into the bloodstream.

Below: Glucagon is a hormone that stimulates your liver to release stored glucose into your bloodstream when your blood glucose levels are too low.




To help prevent hypoglycemia caused by physical activity ( like fast bowler Wasim Akram ) , doctors  may advise checking blood glucose before physical activity and having a snack if the level is below 100 milligrams per deciliter (mg/dL) , checking blood glucose at regular intervals during extended periods of physical activity and having snacks as needed, checking blood glucose periodically after physical activity.



Hypoglycemia unawareness develops when frequent episodes of hypoglycemia lead to changes in how the body reacts to low blood glucose levels. The body stops releasing the hormone epinephrine and other stress hormones when blood glucose drops too low. 




The loss of the body's ability to release stress hormones after repeated episodes of hypoglycemia is called hypoglycemia-associated autonomic failure, or HAAF.


Below:  You should also make sure you regularly change the spot where you inject your insulin, as the amount of insulin your body absorbs can be different depending on where it is injected.



Epinephrine causes early warning symptoms of hypoglycemia such as shakiness, sweating, anxiety, and hunger. 

Without the release of epinephrine and the symptoms it causes, a person may not realize that hypoglycemia is occurring and may not take action to treat it.

The glycemic index (GI) is an estimate of how quickly blood sugar levels rise after eating a particular type of food, relative to the consumption of pure glucose which has a GI of 100.

GLYCEMIC INDEX OF VARIOUS FOODS /      Glycemic index (glucose = 100)
White wheat flour bread         71
Coca Cola       70
Fanta   70
Apple juice, unsweetened       44
Gatorade         79
Orange juice, unsweetened     50
Tomato juice, canned  38
Cornflakes       93
Muesli, average               66
Oatmeal           55
Instant oatmeal           83
Puffed wheat  80
Raisin Bran™ (Kellogg's)       61
Special K™ (Kellogg's)          69
Sweet corn on the cob            62
White rice        87
Brown rice, average    50
Whole wheat kernels   30       
Ice cream, regular        59
Milk, full fat    41
Milk, skim       32
Reduced-fat yogurt with fruit,           33
Apple,             39
Banana, ripe    62
Dates, dried    42
Grapefruit       25
Grapes,                  59
Orange            40
Peach     42
Pear      38
Raisins             64
Watermelon     72
Baked beans,   40
Black eye peas,           33
Black beans     30
Chickpeas,       10
Kidney beans  29
Lentils             27
Cashews, salted                27
Peanuts            7
Macaroni         47
Macaroni and Cheese (Kraft) 64
Spaghetti, white          58
Microwave popcorn, plain, average    55
Potato chips    51
Green peas      51
Carrots            35
Boiled white potato    82
Sweet potato, average 70
Honey 61

BELOW: OUR SMJ DOUBLE AGENT DESH DROHI AAMIR KHAN 





COKE AND PEPSI CANNOT FOOL THE DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET ANY MORE, WITH THEIR ZERO CALORIE DRINKS .



Coke and Pepsi‘s pro-health, obesity-prevention campaigns that insist their sweet beverages can be a part of an active, healthy lifestyle, especially given their calorie-free options. 



But these ads never mention diabetes, which is quickly becoming an even bigger PR problem for sugary brands than obesity.

Below : Two timer-- for both Coke and Pepsi.   Maal maangtha hai !



Majority of the young people who saw a soft drink ad with a pro-exercise, anti-obesity message reacted with a positive attitude toward the products’ parent brand.  



When the ad was changed to send an anti-diabetes message, however, participants’ attitudes toward the brand became 40% percent more negative.



That’s a paradigm shift in reaction.

Youngsters  are not willing to punish the brand for obesity, which seems like a simple free choice lifestyle problem.   




But diabetes is considered a evil disease, and many see that these greedy and callous multinationals as contributing to it.



Coke said that the company is helping build 100 fitness centers in U.S. schools to promote physical activity and thus reduce obesity .  

Hey, what about diabetes ?

Pray?


Prithee ?


Grace and peace !




sarvasya buddhi-rupena janasya hrdi samsthite
svargapavargade devi naraya, ni namostute
kalakasthadirupena parinama-pradayini
visvasyoparatau saktyai narayaoi namo stute
sarva-mangala-mangalye sive sarvartha-sadhike
saranye tryambake gauri narayani namo stute
srsti-sthiti-vinasanam sakti bhute sanatani
gunasraye gunamaye narayani namo stute
saranagata-dinarta-paritrana-parayane
sarvasvarti-hare devi narayani namo stute
hamsa-yukta-vimana-sthe brahmam rupa-dharini
kausambhah ksarike devi narayani namo stute
trisula-candrahi-dhare maha-vrsabha-vahini
mahesvari-svarupena narayani namo stute
mayura-kukkuta-vrte maha-sakti-dhare naghe
kaumari rupa-samsthane narayani namo stute
sankha-cakra-gadasarnga-grhita-paramayud­he
prasida vaisnavi-rupe narayani namo stute
grhitogra-mahacakre danstroddhrta-vasundhare
varaha-rupini sive narayani namo stute
nrsimha rupenogrena hantum daityan krtodyame
trailokya-trana-sahite narayani namo stute
kiritini mahavajre sahasra-nayanojjvale
vrtra-prana-hare caindri narayani namo stute
siva duti-svarupena hata-daitya-mahabale
ghora-rupe maharave narayani namo stute
damstra-karala-vadane siromala-vibhusane
camunde munda-mathane narayani namo stute
laksmi lajje mahavidye sraddhe pusti-svradhe dhruve
maharatri maha vidye narayani namo stute
medhe sarasvati vare bhuti babhravi tamasi
niyate tvam prasidese narayani namo stute
*********************************************************************
HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP, FATTY LIVER DISEASE, DIABETES -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DWINDLING BEE POPULATION DUE TO HFCS FEED,   MORBID OBESITY AND ALZHIEMERS DUE TO GM CORN DERIVED HFCS IN SOFT DRINKS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The sweetening agent used in soft drinks like Coke, Pepsi, Mountain Dew etc is high fructose GM corn syrup  .



Your body metabolizes fructose in a much different way than glucose. The entire burden of metabolizing fructose falls on your liver.  This causes a fatty liver .

Almost all corn syrup is made from genetically modified corn, which comes with its own set of risks.



As part of the chemical process used to make high fructose corn syrup, the glucose and fructose -- which are naturally bound together -- become separated.  



This allows the fructose to mainline directly into your liver, which turns on a factory of fat production in your liver called lipogenesis.



This leads to fatty liver, the most common disease in the world today.  High fructose corn syrup is the real driver of the current epidemic of heart attacks, strokes, cancer, dementia, Alzheimer’s and type 2 diabetes.



More than 500 vital functions have been identified with the liver.  Some of the more well-known functions include the following:

Production of bile, which helps carry away waste and break down fats in the small intestine during digestion
Production of certain proteins for blood plasma
Production of cholesterol and special proteins to help carry fats through the body
Conversion of excess glucose into glycogen for storage (glycogen can later be converted back to glucose for energy)
Regulation of blood levels of amino acids, which form the building blocks of proteins
Processing of hemoglobin for use of its iron content (the liver stores iron)
Conversion of poisonous ammonia to urea (urea is an end product of protein metabolism and is excreted in the urine)
Clearing the blood of drugs and other poisonous substances
Regulating blood clotting
Resisting infections by producing immune factors and removing bacteria from the bloodstream.




In Kerala we use liver as a term of endearment.  If you tell a pretty girl, you are a piece of mE liver, she will blush like mad and get thrilled to her TEEs.



The arab traders took this concept with them and now it has come back to India via Urdu —JIGAR KA TUKDA.



Enjoy a Malayalam movie song  where skirt chasing is going on—  with the girl being chased , endearingly called “ you ze liver of mE liver” 




The guy in the video above is character actor Srinivasan , a star in Kerala in his own right .  I can never forget a movie in which he acts as a homeless cripple with no legs – in fact nothing below the waist , who transports himself on a piece of wood with 4 wheels.  This cripple nay- physically different -guy has a very fertile and politically active brain.  For political rallies he would be hauled on to the truck going to the meet— and all would be keen to know his trenchant analysis of the prevailing political situation— will the government fall ?



karale karalinte karale ennodonnu chirikkoo
kiliye maanasa kiliye veruthe ninnu kinungaathe
njaanilla njaanilla ninnodu koodaan
njanilla njaanilla nin vili kelkkaan
angane nee kalambaathedi kurumbi
ente snehithayaanu nee
(karale)

foreign caril dollar note kondu
maadi vilichaal koottinu varumo nee
koottinenne kittillallo chetta
ente karalinte vaathil thurakkathe

foreign caril dollar note kondu
maadi vilichaal koottinu varumo nee
koottinenne kittillallo chetta
ente karalinte vaathil thurakkathe

aruthe parayaruthe ente snehithayaanu nee
njaanilla njaanilla ninnodu koodaan
njanilla njaanilla nin vili kelkkaan
angane nee kalambaathedi kurumbi
ente snehithayaanu nee
(karale)

mazhathulli mani kondenikku
nooru mazhavill medakal paniyaamo
mazhathulli kottaaram njan kettaam
vennilaavinte mathilukal paninju tharaam
ennodini ennaal ishtam koodumo
njanondu njaanondu ninnodu koodaan
njanondu njaanondu nin vili kelkkaan

angane en vazhi vaa ente kurumbi
ente snehithayaanu nee
karale karalinte karale ennodonnu chirikkoo
kiliye maanasa kiliye veruthe ninnu kinungaathe

njanondu njaanondu ninnodu koodaan
njanondu njaanondu nin vili kelkkaan
karale karalinte karale ennodonnu chirikkoo
kiliye maanasa kiliye veruthe ninnu kinungaathe




Hey, liver of mE  liver, give me a smile pliZ
You sparrow of mE dreams,  come to me

Oh no -  I aint comin’ with you
I aint hearin' no call of yours

You naughty girl, don’t chatter this way
For you are mE sweet heart 

If I come with dollars in mE pocket  in a swank car
Will you come, if I beseech you?

Oh no, dear big brother , I cant give you company
No, I cant come with you 

But maybe you can open the doors of mE liver
By building 100 rainbows for me using dew drops

Whaa, instead if I  make a dew drop palace for you
With walls made of shining moon beams
Would you like me some more?

Well, if so I shall be with you
I shall hear your call

Aaaha ,  fallin’ in line now, you naughty girl?
Now you are mE lover 
MUAH MUAH MUAH 




In Kerala every Hindu wedding has a nadaswaram, including mine . We exchange flower garlands to the strains of this auspicious – nay- divine music.



Now,  these musicians are very traditional and do NOT deviate from the dour classical score.   

But 4 years ago I attended  a wedding at Kannur.  There were more than 1000 people in the hall.  

After the wedding ceremony , before packing up the musicians, played a last number-- the LIVER song in the video above.

Since I had got down from the ship on leave I did NOT know why 1000 throats gasped and there was a mighty buzz  .  

50% of them probably oldies who were AGHAST at to how these musicians could desecrate a wedding scene-- in Kerala we have weddings in the daytime to a MUHURTHAM-- it is a 100% spiritual union..   

Remaining 50% totally amazed at how these simple classical musicians could beat the living daylights of modern musicians, when push came to shove.



Getting back-

Regular cane sugar (sucrose) is made of two-sugar molecules bound tightly together– glucose and fructose in equal amounts.  The enzymes in your digestive tract must break down the sucrose into glucose and fructose, which are then absorbed into the body.

HFCS also consists of glucose and fructose, not in a 50-50 ratio, but a 55-45 fructose to glucose ratio in an unbound form.  Fructose is sweeter than glucose.  And HFCS is cheaper than sugar because of the government farm bill GM corn subsidies.  

Products with HFCS are sweeter and cheaper than products made with cane sugar. This allowed for the average soda size to balloon to higher volumes  with little financial costs to manufacturers but great human costs of increased obesity.

Fructose goes right to the liver and triggers lipogenesis (the production of fats like triglycerides and cholesterol) this is why it is the major cause of liver damage on this planet , and causes a condition called “fatty liver”.



People with fatty liver are usually obese, they are fatigued , have sleep apnea, are confused, and they have patchy, dark skin discoloration, usually on the neck or underarm area ( acanthosis nigricans ).

Rapidly absorbed glucose triggers big spikes in insulin–our body’s major fat storage hormone.  Both these features of HFCS lead to increased metabolic disturbances that drive increases in appetite, weight gain, diabetes, heart disease, cancer, dementia, and more free fructose from HFCS requires more energy to be absorbed by the gut and soaks up two phosphorous molecules from ATP (our body’s energy source).

High doses of free fructose have been proven to literally punch holes in the intestinal lining allowing nasty byproducts of toxic gut bacteria and partially digested food proteins to enter your blood stream and trigger the inflammation that we know is at the root of obesity, diabetes, cancer, heart disease, dementia, and accelerated aging.

Naturally occurring fructose in fruit is part of a complex of nutrients and fiber that doesn’t exhibit the same biological effects as the free high fructose doses found in “corn sugar”.

HFCS often contains toxic levels of mercury because of chlor-alkali products used in its manufacturing. Poisoned sugar is certainly not “natural”.   When HFCS is run through a chemical analyzer or a chromatograph, strange chemical peaks show up that are not glucose or fructose. 

Nobody knows what they are , due to high secrecy involved . This certainly calls into question the purity of this processed form of super sugar .  

If you find “high fructose corn syrup” on the label you can be sure it is not a whole, real, fresh food full of fiber, vitamins, minerals, phytonutrients, and antioxidants. Stay away if you want to stay healthy.



Fructose is a major contributor to: 
-           Insulin resistance and obesity
-           Elevated blood pressure
-           Elevated triglycerides and elevated LDL
-           Depletion of vitamins and minerals
-           Cardiovascular disease, liver disease, cancer, arthritis and even gout

Every cell in your body, including your brain, utilizes glucose. Therefore, much of it is "burned up" immediately after you consume it. By contrast, fructose is turned into free fatty acids (FFAs), VLDL (the damaging form of cholesterol), and triglycerides, which get stored as fat..

The fatty acids created during fructose metabolism accumulate as fat droplets in your liver and skeletal muscle tissues, causing insulin resistance and non-alcoholic fatty liver disease (NAFLD). Insulin resistance progresses to metabolic syndrome and type II diabetes.



When you eat 120 calories of glucose, less than one calorie is stored as fat. 120 calories of fructose results in 40 calories being stored as fat. Consuming fructose is essentially consuming fat!

The metabolism of fructose by your liver creates a long list of waste products and toxins, including a large amount of uric acid, which drives up blood pressure and causes gout.

Glucose suppresses the hunger hormone ghrelin and stimulates leptin, which suppresses your appetite.  Fructose has no effect on ghrelin and interferes with your brain's communication with leptin, resulting in overeating

So, don’t allow anyone to give bull to you that  "sugar is sugar," , for they have an ulterior motive OR are way behind the times.  As you can see, there are major differences in how your body processes each one.



Glucose  comes from starches like potatoes, our bodies produce it and every cell on the face of the earth has glucose in it. Glucose is a molecule absolutely vital to life.

Fructose however, is not. Humans don’t produce fructose and throughout evolutionary history have never consumed it except seasonally when fruit were ripe, but in smallamounts with several vitamins and minerals.

Again, understand this well, --Glucose and fructose are metabolized very differently by the body. While every cell in the body can use glucose, the liver is the only organ that can metabolize fructose in significant amounts.




When you have a diet that is high in calories and high in fructose, the liver gets overloaded and starts turning the fructose into fat. Indian women who never had fertility problems are now NOT able to conceive and deliver retarded babies due to these GM foods.

 Alzhiemers ,allergy , liver prblmes, kidney problems , diabetes , tumors, cancers were S was unknown in india till we started eating “green revolution” derived GM foods.  Fructose doesn’t affect satiety in the same way as glucose, making you eat more total calories automatically if your fructose intake is high. 

Excess fructose consumption may cause leptin resistance, throwing body fat regulation out of whack and contributing to obesity.  The diets of our ancestors contained only very small amounts of fructose. These days, estimates are that about 10% of the modern diet comes from fructose.



When given a free  choice, animals avoid GM foods.  This was learned by observing a flock of geese that annually visit an Illinois pond and feed on soybeans from an adjacent farm. After half the acreage had GM crops, the geese ate only from the non-GMO side.  

Another observation showed 40 deer ate organic soybeans from one field but shunned the GMO kind across the road. The same thing happened with GM corn. Plants naturally produce thousands of chemicals to enhance health and protect against disease. However, changing plant protein may alter these chemicals, increase plant toxins and/or reduce its phytonutrients. 



For example, GM soybeans produce less cancer-fighting isoflavones.  Crops genetically engineered to be glufosinate (herbicide)resistant may produce intestinal herbicide with known toxic effects. If transference to gut bacteria occurs, greater problems may result.

GM crops accumulate toxins or concentrate them in A1 milk in humpless cows fed GM feed. Disease-resistant crops may also produce new plant viruses that affect humans. GM foods entered the market long before science could evaluate their safety and benefits, due to Zionist lobbying. 



The world is addicted to Coca-Cola.  Each day, 1.8 billion cans and bottles of the sickly brown liquid are gulped down, making it the globe’s most recognised brand.  The chemical — 4-methylimidazole (4-MI) — helps to give the drink its colour, but is listed by Californian health officials as a potential carcinogen.  Coca-Cola, Pepsi and other manufacturers insist it is safe at the low doses found in drinks.



A can of cola contains 40mg of caffeine Caffeine is a stimulant that works on the central nervous system. It can trigger a dramatic, short-lived increase in blood pressure and increases the heart rate. Caffeine can also stop the body from absorbing iron from food.   The ‘gender bending’ chemical BPA, or bisphenol A, has  been linked to heart disease, cancer and birth defects.

It is found in baby bottles, plastic forks, CD cases and in the lining of aluminium fizzy drinks cans, including those of Coca-Cola.

Studies have revealed an average of 59% fructose in HFCS, with some major brands of soda containing 65% fructose.

Below: Vulgar and immoral propaganda -- check out the fine print --shall we give COLA instead of mother's milk?.



Let me repeat again-

Most of the carbohydrates we eat are made up of chains of glucose. When glucose enters the bloodstream, the body releases insulin to help regulate it. Fructose, on the other hand, is processed in the liver. When too much fructose enters the liver, the liver can't process it all fast enough for the body to use as sugar. Instead, it starts making fats from the fructose and sending them off into the bloodstream as triglycerides. 


The liver converts excess fructose into fat for storage, completely bypassing the normal insulin response from the pancreas which would ordinarily help control blood sugar levels. The result is an increased level of fructose sugar, converted to fat by the liver, but no corresponding feeling of fullness triggered by a sensitivity to insulin

It is worth repeating above para..



Punch into Google search-
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL

and
TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA  VADAKAYIL

and

HYPOGLYCEMIA , LOW BLOOD SUGAR AND ROAD ACCIDENTS IN INDIA VADAKAYIL

The only reason why the soft drink manufacturers use high fructose GM corn syrup is only because it is so cheap, due to GM corn subsidies in the United States.  Never mind if this cheap sweetener trashed your health. 



Avoid so-called energy drinks and sports drinks because they are loaded with sugar, sodium, and chemical additives. Rehydrating with pure, fresh water is a better choice.

HFCS has scrwed up the bee population in USA.  They feed this sweet syrup to the honeybees. At temperatures above 45 °C HFCS rapidly forms hydroxymethylfurfural, which is toxic to the honey bees being fed HFCS. 

HFCS bee feed contributes to colony collapse by depriving the insects of compounds that strengthen their immune systems. A bee's natural food is its own honey, which contains compounds like p-coumaric acid that help detoxify and strengthen a bee's immunity to disease. 



Neonicotinoid treated GM corn plants kill bees almost within an hour just by them drinking water droplets off the plant. But hey, corporations, biotech companies, and researchers have anticipated profiting from this loss by already releasing robo bee robotic pollinators—they make money out of this too.


Below: Consuming soft drinks with HFCS is linked to visceral fat,  which is deeply embedded deposits of fat tissue beneath your abs.  This fat is dangerous because it starts to form around your internal organs, putting you at risk of problems like fatty liver disease.





Below : High-fructose corn syrup is linked to obesity.



HFCS makea your liver synthesize fats, which are exported as VLDL cholesterol, which leads to dyslipidemia (blood tryglicerides and cholesterol), fat around the organs and ultimately, heart disease



Fructose ends up circumventing the normal appetite signaling system, so appetite-regulating hormones aren't triggered--and you're left feeling unsatisfied.  


Leptin ( satisfaction hormone ) works with sensors in your brain to signal when you’ve had enough to eat.  Leptin made by fat cells, thus decreases your appetite.


Ghrelin ( hungry hormone ) on the other hand is a fast-acting hormone, playing a role in meal initiation.  Ghrelin levels increase before meals and decrease after meals.



Glucose suppresses the hunger hormone ghrelin and stimulates leptin, which suppresses your appetite. 

Fructose has no effect on ghrelin and interferes with your brain's communication with leptin, resulting in overeating.



Below:  Fresh sugarcane juice in India--  used for regenerating the liver, after Jaundice in moderation -- two glasses a day..   6000 year old Ayurvedic remedy



In India we get sugarcane juice ( or ganne kas ras ) on the road side from vendors. Many people think that the flies buzzing around are unhygienic houseflies. But if you look closer they will be larger honey flies, who drive away their bad cousins.

In Calicut they vendor adds ice , sour lime juice, a pinch of rock salt , ginger and pepper for that amazing taste.

People who suffer from Type 2 diabetes must NOT drink more than a small glass a day—and that too with doctor’s  advise, though it has a lower glycemic index of 44 ( refined sugar is 65 ) ..

Sugarcane is rich in potassium, calcium, magnesium, zinc, chromium, cobalt, copper, manganese, iron and phosphorous..  It also contains vitamins A, C, E , B1, B2, B3, B5, and B6,  phytonutrients, antioxidants, proteins, soluble fiber  and polyphenols .

This juice fights cancer due to its alkaline nature , stabilizes blood sugar levels in diabetics, fights obesity , assists in weight loss, reduces fevers and flushes the kidneys.



It provides glucose to the body, burned by the muscles to provide the body natural energy. It re-hydrates the human body fatigued from heat and physical activity. A sprint runner if he takes a glass of fresh juice 10 minutes before his race can add to his performance.

The easily digestible sugar in sugarcane juice helps in speedy recovery from jaundice. The steep fall in glucose levels during jaundice; may be replenished by having 3 glasses of sugarcane juice daily.



Regular intake of sugarcane juice is good for the brain and puts more lead into your pencil, for good measure-- if you know what I mean..

It is one of the healthiest drinks and can put a lot of natural and artificial energy drinks to shame.  It may NOT beat coconut tree neera sap, but it comes as a distant second. 

Make sure the cane is NOT GM cane.

In Ayurveda people affected by Jaundice are given sugar cane juice. There is NO medicine on the planet which can regenerate the liver like a herb found in Kerala, and in many parts of India  called Kizhar Nelli.  In Ayurveda the medicines are all herbal and organic without side effects, unlike the Western medicines.

When you get a chance why don’t you google “  side effects of paracetamol acetaminophen “ and be SHOCKED out of your pants , or panties as the case may be.. .

See there are many things that the EVIL pharma never tells you, and this includes who own 85 lakhs donation party , management quota doctor.

Punch into Google search-
KIZHAR NELLI , THE QUANTUM MEDICINE VADAKAYIL




In Kerala we never had fatty liver problem as we used virgin coconut oil for cooking, we drank tender coconut water and our curries were laden with fresh turmeric paste.

Nonalcoholic fatty liver (NAFLD) is the accumulation of abnormal amounts of fat within the liver.


The liver makes and exports fat to other parts of the body. it also removes fat from the blood that has been released by other tissues in the body, for example, by fat cells, or absorbed from the food we eat.

In NAFLD, the handling of fat by liver cells is disturbed. increased amounts of fat are removed from the blood and/or are produced by liver cells, and not enough is disposed of or exported by the cells. as a result, fat accumulates in the liver.



NAFLD can be divided into isolated fatty liver in which there is only accumulation of fat, and nonalcoholic steatohepatitis (NASH) in which there is fat and damage to liver cells..

In both isolated fatty liver and NASH there is an abnormal amount of fat in the liver cells, but, in addition, in NASH there is inflammation within the liver, and, as a result, the liver cells are damaged, they die, and are replaced by scar tissue.



The development of NAFLD is intimately associated with obesity and diabetes.

People with fatty liver are usually obese, they are fatigued , have sleep apnea, are confused, and they have patchy, dark skin discoloration, usually on the neck or underarm area ( acanthosis nigricans )

80% of obese people with diabetes develop NAFLD. 



Avoid gluten GM white flour , white processed sugar,  A1 humped cow toxic milk products and hormone injected meats like in KFC

Below: Singing all the way to the bank.

 

Glyphosate (N-(phosphonomethyl)glycine) is a broad-spectrum systemic herbicide which goes under the trade name "Roundup". Nearly all GM crops are designed with genes to resist this potent herbicide called Round Up or glyphosate.  



This roundup pesticide is very dangerous for human beings.. More than 70 percent of U.S. corn crops contain a special gene added that allows them to produce an insecticide.  This way, when bugs attempt to eat the corn they're killed right away (specifically their stomach is split open) because the plant contains an invisible, built-in pesticide shield. 





The particular gene added to most corn crops is a type of Bt-toxin -- produced from Bacillus thuringiensis bacteria. 



Bacillus thuringiensis (or Bt) is a soil-dwelling bacterium, which also occurs naturally in the gut of caterpillars of various types of moths and animal feces. Crops genetically modified with the bacterium Bt (Bacillus thuringiensis) produce proteins that kill pest insects




Genetic engineers remove the gene that produces the Bt in bacteria and insert it into the DNA of corn (and cotton) plants. They claim that Bt-toxin is quickly destroyed in human stomachs -- and even if it survived, it won't cause reactions in humans or mammals --is all bull of the first order ... 




Below:  Terminator seeds are sterile . The farmer now has to BUY seeds from Zionist multinational companies.  Since life began on the planet man used seeds from same crops he grew.





Bt toxin is readily passing into the human bloodstream. Bt-toxin does causes adverse health effects in humans. Genetically modified foods cause disruption of DNA, which is cancer.




M Veerappa Moily  , our environment minister reversed the decision of his predecessor Jayanthi Natarajan on GM crops and allowed field trials of over 200 varieties of genetically modified seeds, despite the fact that a Supreme Court decision is pending on the matter.  

Below: In the name of FOOD SECURITY BILL, to give FREE food ( to mentally and physically healthy people ) , W has invited GM food companies into India -- all this when India produces more than 280 million tonnes of food grains annually.



Moily in cahoots with W and her coterie  approved  field trials of 200 GMOs, of wheat,rice, canola, cotton produced by foreign desh drohi multinational companies like Monsanto, Mahyco, Bayer, BASF etc. Most approvals granted by Mr. Moily are for GMOs which are Bt crops . 

Jayanti’s predecessor  Jairam Ramesh was removed as Environment Minister after he put a moratorium on GM eggplant, the BT Brinjal



Below video:  HFCS promotes insulin resistance,  one of the hallmarks of diabetes and slows down metabolism



Some flavored yogurts even have as much more HFCS than ice cream.  HFCS can cause behavioural reactions similar to those produced by drugs of abuse such as cocaine. The same brain circuits are involved when people crave high fructose corn syrup as when drug addicts think about drugs.

There is significant activity in all areas of the brain, especially in the hippocampus when consuming potent sweeteners. That region is related to learning, memory and is also related to a lot of things such as sensory and motor impulse and emotional behavior.  



Increased consumption of HFCS results in depletion of chromium in the body, which is important is helping glucose pass from the bloodstream into the cells. HFCS upsets the magnesium, copper, chromium, and zinc levels in the body, which could lead to deficiency diseases like bone loss.

While the consumption of table sugar triggers the secretion of insulin and leptin, which signal your body that you are full, HFCS does not. Consumption of foods containing HFCS could contribute to increased caloric intake and weight gain.

HFCS promotes a rise in uric acid levels in your bloodstream.  Uric acid is waste product that is created after your body breaks down your foods and drinks.  Too much uric acid can tax your kidneys and is usually a precursor to high blood pressure.  If you don’t check high blood pressure through changed diet and possibly medication, you can experience kidney failure, heart attack and stroke.


Now you know that  it’s actually not fat that causes a fatty liver, it is bad sugar.

My advise ? 

Get rid of all that high fructose corn syrup from your diet, 100 percent, no exceptions.




Cirrhosis occurs when normal liver cells are replaced by scar tissue as a result of chronic liver disease.When cirrhosis develops, the liver loses its ability to function.   This can cause signs and symptoms such as: fluid retention, muscle wasting, internal bleeding, jaundice (yellowing of skin and eyes).




Signs and symptoms of liver problems include:
Discolored skin and eyes that appear yellowish
Abdominal pain and swelling
Itchy skin that doesn't seem to go away
Dark urine color
Pale stool color
Bloody or tar-colored stool
Chronic fatigue
Nausea
Loss of appetite

GM corn has created too much health problems on this planet- severe allergy , skin rash, swelling or itching of mucous membranes, diarrhea, vomiting, asthma and, in severe cases, anaphylaxis. 

The EVIL PHARMA is singing all the way to the bank.  GM corn contains lipid transfer protein, an indigestible protein that survives cooking. This protein has been linked to a rare and understudied allergy to maize in humans. 


The allergic reaction can cause skin rash, swelling or itching of mucous membranes, diarrhea, vomiting, asthma and, in severe cases, anaphylaxis. It is unclear how common this allergy is in the general population.




Swelling of the abdomen, ankles and feet occurs because the liver fails to make albumin. Albumin is a  major osmolar component of blood serum.

The liver is a major site of thrombopoietin production. Thrombopoietin is a glycoprotein hormone that regulates the production of platelets by the bone marrow.

The liver synthesizes angiotensinogen, a hormone that is responsible for raising the blood pressure when activated by renin, an enzyme that is released when the kidney senses low blood pressure.

Many diseases of the liver are accompanied by jaundice caused by increased levels of bilirubin in the system. The bilirubin results from the breakup of the hemoglobin of dead red blood cells; normally, the liver removes bilirubin from the blood and excretes it through bile.

Normally, veins return blood from the body to the heart, but the portal vein allows chemicals from the digestive tract to enter the liver for "detoxification" and filtering prior to entering the general circulation.  The portal vein also efficiently delivers the chemicals and proteins that liver cells need to produce the proteins, cholesterol, and glycogen required for normal body activities.



Many mushrooms are poisonous to the liver and eating unidentified mushrooms gathered in the wild can be damage the liver.

The liver is the only organ in the body that can easily replace damaged cells, but if enough cells are lost, the liver may not be able to meet the needs of the body.

Hepatitis A is a viral infection that is spread primarily through the fecal-oral route . The fecal-oral route is a popular one with perverted homoseuals.




Hepatitis B is spread by exposure to body fluids (needles from drug abusers, contaminated blood, and sexual contact) and can cause an acute infection.



Hepatitis C is spread by exposure to body fluids (needles from drug abusers, contaminated blood, and sexual contact).



Hepatitis D is a virus that requires concomitant infection with hepatitis B to survive, and is spread via body fluid exposure (needles from drug abusers, contaminated blood, and sexual contact).

Hepatitis E is a virus that is spread via exposure to contaminated food and water.



When the liver has broken down harmful substances, its by-products are excreted into the bile or blood. Bile by-products enter the intestine and ultimately leave the body in the form of feces. Blood by-products are filtered out by the kidneys, and leave the body in the form of urine

NASH or non-alcoholic steatohepatitis  ( fatty liver) describes the accumulation of fat within the liver that can cause inflammation of the liver and a gradual decrease in liver function.

Normally, bile flows from the liver into the gallbladder and ultimately into the intestine to help with the digestion of food.  If bile flow is obstructed, it can cause inflammation within the liver. Most commonly, gallstones can cause an obstruction of the ducts that drains bile from the liver.



Fat accumulates inside the liver cells, causing cell enlargement (steatosis) and sometimes cell damage (steatohepatitis), and can lead to cirrhosis.  The liver becomes enlarged, causing discomfort on the upper right side of the abdomen.

If the liver forms scar tissue because of an illness, it's called cirrhosis. Jaundice, or yellowing of the skin, is a sign of liver disease

The liver is necessary for survival, and there is currently no way to compensate for the absence of liver function in the long term, although new liver dialysis techniques can be used in the short term. If cirrhosis becomes severe, a liver transplant is needed.

 No wonder in Kerala we consider liver an important body part.
*********************************************************************
EPILEPSY, BRAIN SEIZURES, FITS , ALZHIEMERS , THC AND CBD , EXTRACT OF CANNABIS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
STOP BURNING NON BIODEGRADABLE PLASTICS IN YOUR BACK YARD, IF YOU WANT OUR CHILDREN TO BE SAVED 
FROM BRAIN SEIZURES AND EPILEPSY.







Below:   Even dogs ( non-conscious brain ) are getting epilepsy due to burning plastics.





Couple of my readers have asked me to post on Epilepsy.

Normally this blogsite would NOT have accepted such a request.

But then there is some truth exhuming to be done.

Lot of children on this planet have become MANDHA BUDDHIS ( DAFT --not too bright ) due to early episodes of Epilepsy and brain seizures , down grading their brains.

It is important for the mother ( or teacher ) to know the symptoms of brain seizures .  

She must watch the tell tale signs with a clear mind , even while she is rushing her child to the hospital .  

Later she must explain to the neurologist what exactly she saw.   

The diagnosis of epilepsy is entirely based on the descriptions provided by the patient and witnesses. Diagnostic testing, including both EEG and MRI, can fail to help, and an accounting of the episodes is the basis for the diagnosis. In the telling, the details are critical and the details of auras can be invaluable.

Even teachers in schools must be trained , as a lot of seizures take place in school , because over ambitious parents send their children to school while running high fevers , during exams .

Otherwise the 85 lakh management quote brain doctor will give do some expensive tests when the child is NOT having fits and will prescribe some bullsh#t drugs of wrong dosage, which does NOT help the child at all.   Rather the bad side effects of these drugs does more damage and makes the child a retard.

Cannabis or Marijuana is banned by the medical profession. They say wrongly that Cannabis provokes seizures . 

Well, well, what do they know?

6000 years ago Ayurveda treated such epilepsy and brain seizures with Cannabis extracts .  

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

and

SAY NO TO HUMAN SUFFERING WITH CANNABIS  VADAKAYIL




There are two extract of marijuana ( cannabis ) which can help unfortunate small children who are burning out their brains.  The two main chemical compounds found in cannabis - THC (tetrahydrocannabinol) and CBD (cannabidiol) can save them, if only there is political WILL . 

Do you really expect EVIL PHARMA and the doctors to cut their own feet ?



Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights.  

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician.  

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract.  




He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--

- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.



One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. 




People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret. 



Even Alexander needed to marry Roxanna an Indian girl, before he was guided through the treacherous mountains.   




Above: The hidden pass of Bolan.   Enemies were crushed by throwing rocks from top.

Travelers from the west would be captures and made to work in the mines as slaves and the women fold sold to wh0re houses even before reaching the Hindu Khush mountains.







Alexander and  his cowardly Greeko army were sent packing with their tails between their legs,  by a minor King Porus-- never mind the western FAKE propaganda that Alexander had Porus on his knees before him.



Punch into Google search-


ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS  THE HIDDEN  TRUTH VADAKAYIL




Below: Temple at Khyber pass 



The Tibetan Mastiffs of King Porus made the horses of Alexander the great freeze in fear and sh#t green peas . These dogs cost 2 million USD today.



Punch into Google search-

LET LOOSE THE DOGS OF WAR VADAKAYIL





Then how did the Islamic invaders reach India via Afghanistan ?

Below: Narrow Khyber pass




Well, they were guided though the pass by a Hindu king who got pissed off with his own darling daughter.
Punch into Google search-

THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY  VADAKAYIL .

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus.  

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !



Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below.

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

There was a good reason why the white invader made Malayalam language as only a couple of centuries old, and before that as a tape worm in the stomach of Tamil.

Punch into Google search-
HERMANN GUNDERT, HERMANN HESSE AND MALAYALAM VADAKAYIL  .

Ever heard of the ancient Malayalam text  ( kicked forward in time by the white invader ) named YUKTI BHASA  extracted from a much older  Gaṇitanyayasangraha (Compendium of astronomical rationale ) ?

Much before Pythagoras came it says-  In any right triangle, the area of the square whose side is the hypotenuse (the side opposite the right angle) is equal to the sum of the areas of the squares whose sides are the two legs (the two sides that meet at a right angle).

It was easy for Pythagoras a Yukti Bhasa contained proofs and derivations of the theorems that it presented—which was NOT usually done , as the great Maharishis calculated by spherical trigonometry and 3D graphs inside their fractal minds .



Almost everything in Yukti Bhasa has been stolen and patented by the white man.



Want some examples?

-- the infinite series expansion of a function-- the power series-- the Taylor series--- the trigonometric series for sine, cosine, tangent and arctangent-- the second and third order Taylor series approximations of sine and cosine--- the power series of π, π/4, θ, the radius, diameter and circumference, and tests of convergence.  


Yukti Bhasa also dealt in Astronomy.  T

the text is divided into two parts — the former deals with mathematical analysis of arithmetic, algebra, trigonometry and geometry, logistics, algebraic problems, fractions, Rule of three, Kuttakaram, circle and disquisition on R-Sine-- proof for the expansion of the sine and cosine functions- integer solutions of systems of first degree equations ( kuttakaram)- rules for finding the sines and the cosines of the sum and difference of two angles-- the earliest statement of and the Taylor series (only some for some functions)-- geometric derivations of series-- tests of convergence ( gora gaand Cauchy stole this )-- fundamentals of calculus--] differentiation, term by term integration, iterative methods for solutions of non-linear equations-- the theory that the area under a curve is its integral— hey, this fu#kin’ post is supposed to be about epilepsy !.





Next time BROWNIE  POINTS  BAADSHAH   Dr Zakir Naik tries to say that some Arab  mathematician AL HULL BURRR PRRRRRR invented Math ( to wrangle Saudi Wahabi funds ) -- let him see the picture above.

Also he will do well to know that Arabs bought math/ science/ medicine/ astronomy knowledge with pure gold.

Punch into Google search-

MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD  VADAKAYIL  .


400 years before Pythagoras was born a revised edition of  the ancient Sulba Sutras were available in the Kerala school of Math.

It is obvious that Pythagoras lifted from this edited book too.

This book contained - Pythagorean triples-- Pythagorean theorem for the sides of a square and for a rectangle - geometric solutions of linear and quadratic equations in a single unknown, and give a remarkably accurate figure for the square root of 2, obtained by adding 1 + 1⁄3 + 1⁄(3 x 4) + 1⁄(3 x 4 x 34), which yields a value of 1.4142156, correct to 5 decimal places— extracts of the works of the great Aryabhatta - categorical definitions of sine, cosine, versine and inverse sine, and specified complete sine and versine tables, in 3.75° intervals from 0° to 90°, to an accuracy of 4 decimal places- solutions to simultaneous quadratic equations-- value of π equivalent to 3.1416- how he used this to estimate the circumference of the Earth, arriving at a figure of 24,835 miles, only 70 miles off its true value  4700 years ago – the fact that  π is an irrational number, and that any calculation can only ever be an approximation, something not proved in Europe until 1761--.


Aryabhatta ( 2700 BC ) the top mathematicians ever , lived in Kerala as his astronomical calculations used a latitude near my hometown Calicut.  

If you say on April 14th and August 23rd , the sun was exactly overhead , it means that particular day the declination of the sun is the same as the latitude 11 deg 16 min N of the place you stay. ( sun travelling from equator to tropic of cancer and back, due to tilting of earths axis )  . It is NOT my habit to give any proof to my readers.

Biharis love to claim Aryabhatta as their own. 

Of course Aryan Bhattathiripad had gone there to present his thesis at Nalanda university in Patna and also use their observatory.




Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher. 

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world.  



Above: hardcore homosexuals Socrates and Plato . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.



Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .



Now back to business -
















This video below popped up a month ago-- just what I posted 3 years ago ..




http://youtu.be/6zXFUIjY5xU   Classification of Epileptic Seizures
http://youtu.be/3QLkgA08eIc   What is a Seizure?
http://youtu.be/9UukcdU258A   How the human brain works
http://youtu.be/55u5Ivx31og  Concussion, Traumatic Brain Injury (TBI)
http://youtu.be/HVGlfcP3ATI  Brain Anatomy and Functions

http://youtu.be/glWnidHfg0A  Legalising medical cannabis for Australian kids with epilepsy


Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.










So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.



Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads . 





I do NOT want to elaborate more.

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.




Above: It is an Ayurveda practice to pray to Lord Dhanwantari -- before an physician attends to the patient -- the earliest form of the hippocratic oath . 


ABOVE:   A THIEF WITHOUT SCRUPLES --ON WHOM MODERN DOCTORS SWEAR THEIR HIPPOCRATIC OATHS.   

NO WONDER ALL DOCTORS WHO TAKE THIS OATH  ,IMMEDIATELY SUFFER FROM BAD HAND WRITING  .


Punch into Google search-


WHY DOCTORS WRITE ILLEGIBLE PRESCRIPTIONS VADAKAYIL

By the way ever since Pharmacists ( holding degrees of  Doctor of Pharmacy – 5 year course )   have come into the field , the handwriting of our 85 lakh donation party doctors are getting better - TEE HEEEE !


In the olden days the pharmacist ( compounder ) was expected only to  "lick, stick, and pour" within the  dispensary ( lick & stick them mangy labels, count them pills & pour them liquids).

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff.  

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA. 

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.


OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .  

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India. 


Below: Sorry-- there are no exotic animals or birds in Greece-- their imagination is limited to cows, horses, rabbits etc -- in India we have peacocks, tigers, rhinos, lions, elephants, hippos, king cobras—




Why are Indians good in life management and they have the best Gurus ?  ( foreign philosophers have only lifted from India-100% -- ALL of them ) .   Because we observed how exotic wild life behaved in our jungles.

Punch into Google search-

SUPER PANCHATANTRA  VADAKAYIL


The post above shows what wisdom is !

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).
Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .



The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.




It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.



Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.




Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.

Below: Saraswati veena 


Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Below : Lord Shiva's rudra veena 



Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.”  


He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.   

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.



Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

OK, now I see that some of my skeptic readers are saying WHAAAA .  

So let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees.  The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’).  Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

Wanna know who this EVIL pope is ?

Punch into Google search-

LAST CRUSADER OF THE LAST INQUISITION VADAKAYIL

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew.  


Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

Does that make me  VADAKAYILUS  INDIKOPLEUSTES .

First let me check out if I have  HERMIGAS PANTALUNAS  ( ants in mE pants ).

Nope !     I aint !!

Fu#kin’ ch00ts !!

Below: Check out a modern statue of Orpheus !




In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ?  

TEEE HEEEE !

In a few paras I have trashed Greek history—

Let me be kind to them.

I shall NOW get back to the core subject of epilepsy.

Thief Pythagoras has epilepsy—  see how I digressed and reclaimed stolen Indian intellectual rights !
Before I start on epilepsy , I must lay down some truths.


I put a post on 18th May 2012, ( see below ) about Indians being used a guinea pigs by rich drug multinationals of EVIL PHARMA .

Punch into Google search-
GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL .

I was more worried about drugs used on HUMAN BRAIN—as the human brain is very different from rats. Studies done on rats do NOT apply on the human conscious brain.

The Supreme court of India reacted more than a year later on July 27, 2013.  The Supreme Court of India  directed the government to put in place a mechanism to monitor clinical trials of untested drugs on humans asserting that such tests require certain mandatory standards.

A bench of justices RM Lodha and Madan B Lokur on Friday directed the Centre to convene a meeting of chief secretaries or health secretaries of all the states to frame a law for regulation of clinical trials of drugs by multinational pharma companies. 

Certain standards and protocol should be followed while conducting clinical trials of drugs on humans. We are concerned about human life,” the bench said, asking the Centre to consider suggestions of the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) on the issue.

Observing that the government has slipped into “deep slumber” in addressing this “menace”, the court had earlier ordered that all drug trials will be done under the supervision of the Union health secretary.

In an affidavit, the Centre had officially admitted that 2,644 people died during clinical trials of 475 new drugs between 2005 and 2012.The actual figure should be twenty times more.

Very briefly DOCTOR DEATH from Japan had used human Chinese POW as guine pigs –and gave the results to US Evil Pharma—on a quid pro quo bargain,  that the Japanese emperor would NOT be hung.

Be shocked ladies and gentlemen-

Well, well, what do you know !

Punch into Google search-
DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII, EMPEROR HIROHITO AND QUID PRO QUO VADAKAYIL

 Mumbai HC and FDA also jumped into the fray.  Multinationals should stop treating Indians as guinea pigs, the FDA told the Bombay HC  while opposing Johnson & Johnson's plea to restart its Mulund facility.  A division bench of Justice S J Vazifdar and Justice M S Sonak ruled that multinationals must stop treating Indians as guinea pigs.

My readers must know -- iIf this had happened in the US, you cannot imagine the proportions in terms of scandal.  The EVIL PHARMA would be busy for their lifetime in suits and paying monetary fines. Because we Indians have a lobbied up and corrupt central govt , all medical evils are tolerated.  

For a change try giving an exemplary DEATH PENALTY .
  


Now you know why human rights activists and Trojan horse NGOs are are engaged in abolishing the DEATH PENALTY. MNC's have taken India for granted for we are a banana republic—where majority of the members in the Rajya Sabha are in the payroll of foreign masters.

INDIA HAS THE LARGEST NUMBER OF FDA APPROVED FACILITES / MANUFACTURING UNITS OUTSIDE USA.. 



Drugs which are banned around the world and even in minnows like Bangladesh are readily available in India—and our doctors push it so that they will be invited to medical seminars—nay— 





---  free jaunts to places like Bangkok where exotic and bizarre free sex using hermaphrodites are arranged on the house .. .



Why is the ruling govt at the Centre NOT making  making amendments in the Indian Drugs and Cosmetics Act by introducing penal provision for any violation?





The immoral west in up sh#t creek without a paddle because the human variant of mad cow disease ( VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE  ) will kick in in another 15 years—where the white man’s brains are affected worse than alzhiemers.

Punch into Google search-
SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL




A lot of parents wonder why their children are “not so bright” and fail in Maths and Physics in school.  Chances are high that these children in their young age had brain seizures which went unnoticed. 

The world has NOT yet realized that millions of children in their young age have fever from an unknown which triggers epilepsy and brain damage.  Over ambitious parents send children to school despite running high fever and blocked nose and wheezing chests.  

Well their have burnt their own babies and they are guilty of it. If you think you are NOT very bright, and the colleagues in your office have all the answers , while you are left without a clue-ask your parents “ Did I have epilepsy / fits/ brain seizures in my childhood.  

Most of these happen in the sleep.  This is why Indian parents sleep with their young children on the same bed , unlike the west who put them in another room uncared.  They need to do their JIGI JIGI , right?   For after all their marriage is based on LUST , and NOT commitment.  They have mistaken LUST for LOVE.  

There is a big difference ,folks.

Moth eaten stardust faces who love French wine, will NOT understand.   Creep Karan Thapar  spoke of penile –anal penetration to express,  lobe –nay—love , on primetime CNN-IBN.

Punch into Google search-

IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION , LGBT RIGHTS , NEW WORLD ORDER VADAKAYIL

These are the same “not so bright” children who grow up to be adults, and take the economics stream, and get Nobel prizes for wallowing in mindless theories. 


These dregs scrapped from bottom of the barrel people are the ones who later become supreme court judges , Nobel prize winning economists and powerful politicians , and rule us today —  they did NOT have the brains to do well in math and science at school ..( I am generalizing here ) 



If you have the brains and the perception, read and understand the post below.   Economists wont understand the post below as they cannot UNLEARN the SH#T lying inside their brains.

Punch into Google search-

MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL

and

UNLEARNING  VADAKAYIL



So many western children have died in their sleep, as when the child is having fever, the mother does NOT allow the child to sleep with her. She is more interested in JIGI JIGI to save her marriage — or her husband will take another woman . 

This is what happens when marriages are based on LOBE and lust, NOT commitment – like a Hindu marriage.

These children if they survive , after getting seizures in the sleep --  medically termed “ fever induced refractory epileptic encephalopathy”  (FIRES),  if not treated in time,  may cause severe cognitive impairment .
I have two sons.  In their childhood when my sons got fever, my wife would make them sleep using her chest as a pillow by raising their bed area.  This was a huge sacrifice as both my sons were VERY heavy as children.   

When mothers make such sacrifices the children know , and there is deep bonding—being there for them in times of distress.




Till today modern science has NOT been able to put a finger on the cause which triggers the brain seizure.  Environmental factors like toxins and pollutants could be a reason.  Most epilepsy seizures of young children usually starts with a non-specific fever, cough, chest cold wheezing , sometimes diarrhoea indicating a viral infection.  

If your child has a prolonged seizure after a febrile illness, he should be immediately taken to a tertiary care hospital where bedside EEG monitoring facility is available.


In India there is an explosion of young children with epileptic brain seizures in the age group of 2 to 13.  FIRES is precipitated by febrile illness and is followed by a flurry of convulsions (jerky movements) of one side or both sides with the child slipping into unconsciousness.   

Children in LKG and UKG must not be permitted in class if the child appears unwell or is running a fever.  Teachers must be trained to check out drowsy children with fever and chest colds.

In my vision I see a day when every kindergarten school with have a first aid box where an ant-epilepsy drug derived from cannabis, with the hallucinogenic ingredients removed, is available.  Mind you,the modern doctors and EVIL phamra tells the opposite since a century,  that cannabis causes epilepsy .  

9-THC or tetrahydrocannabinol is being used for the management of epilepsy in the west , ever since I put a post 3 years ago.  Dogs have seizures, why don’t their do a fu#kin’ test on dogs ?

Why is India waiting for the west to take the lead ?  Indian children today suffer twice as much seizures than the first world countries.  The over ambitious parents, hot weather and pollution now plays a major part.



SIR , Dr. William B. O’Shaughnessy , employed by Rothschild in British East india company, came to Calicut ( my home town ) and Kottakkal  ( one hour away by car ) in 1841, to learn on the medical uses of Cannabis.   

He watched Cannabis extract being used  to calm epilepsy convulsions.  This thief lifted from Ayurvedic texts and patented all this knowledge in his own name .

You must have heard of students going to the beach to have fun and a swim , out of which one drowns. Death from drowning is common among people with epilepsy.  People with epilepsy are not usually cognitively or intellectually challenged.



If children had epilepsy episodes in the childhood it is better that the parents tell them of their condition so that they are aware of vulnerabilities of lack of sleep or indulging in drugs.  Drowning can happen in a tub with only a few inches of water,  so people who have seizures probably should stick to showers instead of baths.

Epilepsy is a neurological condition, which affects the nervous system , specifically the brain , and is also known as a seizure disorder.  




If seizures arise from a specific area of the brain, then the initial symptoms of the seizure often reflect the functions of that area. The right half of the brain controls the left side of the body, and the left half of the brain controls the right side of the body.  

So if a seizure starts from the right side of the brain, in the area that controls movement in the thumb, then the seizure may begin with jerking of the left thumb or hand. Mothers and teachers must give this type of critical information to the doctor.



It is usually diagnosed after a person has had at least TWO seizures that were not caused by some known medical condition like extremely low blood sugar, heart problems or some other medical condition.
Seizures are a symptom of something going on in the brain. Seizures seen in epilepsy are caused by disturbances in the electrical activity of the brain.

The word "epilepsy" does not indicate anything about the cause of the person's seizures, what type they are, or how severe they are.  A seizure is a sudden surge of electrical activity in the brain that usually affects how a person feels or acts for a short time.  Seizures are not a disease in themselves.



Our nervous system is a communications network that controls every thought, emotion, impression, memory, and movement, essentially defining who we are.  Nerves throughout the body function like telephone cables, enabling the brain to communicate with every part of the body via electrical signals. Different areas of the brain control different functions, as shown in the videos above .

In epilepsy, the brain's electrical rhythms have a tendency to become imbalanced, resulting in recurrent seizures.



The brain works on electricity. The brain continuously generates tiny electrical impulses in an orderly pattern.  These impulses travel along the network of nerve cells, called neurons, in the brain and throughout the whole body via chemical messengers called neurotransmitters.  A seizure occurs when the brain's nerve cells misfire and generate a sudden, uncontrolled surge of electrical activity in the brain.

As shown in the videos above, the upper brain, or cerebrum, is divided into left and right halves, called cerebral hemispheres ( lobes ).  These are connected by a bundle of nerve fibers called the corpus callosum. Each cerebral hemisphere contains four lobes: frontal, parietal, occipital, and temporal. Each lobe contains many different areas that control a variety of functions.



The lower part of the brain contains the brainstem, which controls sleep-wake cycles, breathing, and heartbeat. The upper part of the brainstem contains the thalamus and hypothalamus. The lower part of the brainstem is continued as the spinal cord, which carries messages between the brain and the rest of the body.



Nerve cells, or neurons, are the building blocks of the brain. They work like computer chips, analyzing and processing information and then sending signals through the nerve fibers. The nerve fibers act like telephone cables, connecting different areas of the brain, spinal cord, muscles, and glands.



Nerve cells are so small that a powerful microscope is needed to see them. There are more than 100 billion nerve cells in the brain.  During a seizure, each cell may fire at more than 500 times a second, much faster than the normal rate of about 80 times a second in the brain and spinal cord. Each call is bombarded by hundreds of impulses every second. 


It is a well kept secret that Charles Darwin suffered from Panayiotopoulos syndrome, with its usual CVS ( cyclic vomiting syndrome ) and brain seizures which made him “not too bright” .   Can you imagine that in this DNA age we still study this morons’ evolution theory in our school science books—so that Rothschild could introduce atheist Communism and remove god from the equation.

Punch into Google search-

CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL

Idiot Charles Darwin will never understand all this .







One of the wonders of the human brain is how the billions of individual computers (neurons) in the brain function in a coordinated fashion to control our movements and breathing, and most importantly, to allow us to think and feel.




Neurotransmitters are the chemical messengers of the brain. These substances are released at the end of the cell and cross the synapse, a tiny space between the walls of one cell's axon and the dendrite of the next nerve cell, to bind to receptors located on that dendrite.




There are many kinds of neurotransmitters, but each individual nerve cell produces only one major type. Some of the neurotransmitters are carried a long distance within the nervous system. Others, however, have local effects; that is, they are produced by and released onto cells that are close to each other.

Neurotransmitters are important in diseases of the nervous system. In Parkinson's disease, for example, cells that manufacture dopamine, an important neurotransmitter that regulates movement, are lost.  Loss of nerve cells may contribute to the development of epilepsy in some cases. 

For example, prolonged lack of oxygen may cause a selective loss of cells in the hippocampus, which may lead to epilepsy.



Some of the major neurotransmitters in the brain shut off or decrease brain electrical activity. They cause nerve cells to stop firing. These neurotransmitters are called "inhibitory" because they inhibit the activity of the cells. A neurotransmitter called GABA is the best-known example of this type.

Other neurotransmitters stimulate or increase brain electrical activity. That is, they cause nerve cells to fire. These are described as "excitatory." Glutamate is an example of this type.

Epilepsy is not necessarily inherited.  So if a girl’s brother has epilepsy it does NOT mean that you refuse to marry the girl — as happens in China.

Epilepsy has nothing to do with curses, possession by daayins , or other supernatural processes, such as punishment for past Karma, like some ignorant people think . Like asthma, diabetes, and high blood pressure, epilepsy is a medical problem.



Generally, people with epilepsy have seizures and require medication for only a small portion of their lives. About 65 % of people who develop seizures have epilepsy that can be easily controlled and is likely to remit or go away.  About 25 % may develop difficult to control seizures and likely will require lifelong treatment.

More than half of childhood forms of epilepsy are outgrown by adulthood. With many forms of epilepsy in children and adults, when the person has been free of seizures for about 1 or 2 years, medications can often be slowly withdrawn and discontinued under a doctor's supervision.




Epilepsy is usually caused by an imbalance between excitatory and inhibitory neurotransmitters. If the inhibitory neurotransmitters in your brain are not active enough, or if the excitatory ones are too active, you are more likely to have seizures.

Many of the new medicines being developed to treat epilepsy try to influence these neurotransmitters. They try to increase the activity of the inhibitory ones, which turn cells off, or reduce the activity of the excitatory ones, which turn cells on.  

Either way, the idea is to have less uncontrolled electrical activity in your brain, and therefore fewer seizures. Some people have a distinctive feeling or some other warning sign when a seizure is coming.




An early warning like this is also called an aura.  Auras can give you enough time to prepare for the seizure and keep yourself from being badly injured.  Most injuries from seizures happen if there is no warning sign, if the warning is not recognized, or if there is not enough time to react to it.

An aura is a perceptual disturbance and manifests as the perception of a strange light, an unpleasant smell or confusing thoughts or experiences.



Early seizure warnings--

Sensory/Thought:
Visual loss or blurring
Racing thoughts
Stomach feelings
Strange feelings
Tingling feeling
Emotional:
Fear/Panic
Physical:
Dizziness
Headache
Lightheadedness
Nausea
Numbness
Sometimes seizures come with no warning

Seizure symptoms

Sensory/Thought:
Black out
Confusion
Deafness/Sounds
Electric Shock Feeling
Loss of consciousness
Spacing out
Out of body experience
Visual loss or blurring

Emotional:
Fear/Panic

Physical:
Chewing movements
Convulsion
Difficulty talking
Drooling
Eyelid fluttering
Eyes rolling up
Falling down
Foot stomping
Hand waving
Inability to move
Incontinence
Lip smacking
Making sounds
Shaking
Staring
Stiffening
Swallowing
Sweating
Teeth clenching/grinding
Tongue biting
Tremors
Twitching movements
Breathing difficulty
Heart racing

After-seizure symptoms (post-ictal)

Thought:
Memory loss
Writing difficulty
Emotional:
Confusion
Depression and sadness
Fear
Frustration
Shame/Embarrassment

Physical:
Bruising
Difficulty talking
Injuries
Sleeping
Exhaustion
Headache
Nausea
Pain
Thirst
Weakness
Urge to urinate/defecate

Around 1 in 15 people In India  may have a single seizure at some time in their lives.




Risk factors for epilepsy include:

Babies who are too small for their gestational age
Babies who have seizures in the first month of life
Babies who are born with abnormal brain structures
Bleeding into the brain
Abnormal blood vessels in the brain
Serious brain injury or lack of oxygen to the brain
Brain tumors
Infections of the brain: abscess, meningitis, or encephalitis
Stroke resulting from blockage of arteries
Cerebral palsy
Mental handicap
Seizures occurring within days after head injury ("early post traumatic seizures")
Family history of epilepsy or fever-related seizures
Alzheimer's disease (late in the illness)
Fever-related (febrile) seizures that are unusually long
Use of illegal drugs such as cocaine

Note:  Mild head injuries, such as a concussion with just a very brief loss of consciousness, do not cause epilepsy.



Seizure-Provoking Factors

Missed medication
Lack of sleep
Illness ( with or without fever)
Severe psychological stress
Heavy alcohol use
Use of cocaine and other recreational drugs such as Ecstasy



A long-lasting convulsive seizure (tonic-clonic status epilepticus) is a medical emergency.    If not stopped within about 30 minutes, it may cause permanent brain damage and then you become a liability to your loved ones.

Epileptic patients can die from inhaling vomit during or just after a seizure.  This can be prevented if someone will turn the person onto one side when the seizure begins and ensures that the vomit completely comes out of the mouth. 

In general, seizures are hardly ever fatal, even if the patient becomes unconscious.


An epileptic aura is the consequence of the activation of functional cortex by abnormal, unilateral, and brief neuronal discharge.  In addition to being a warning sign to an upcoming seizure, the nature of an aura can give insight into the localization of the seizure .  Not everyone experiences an aura with a seizure, but auras are commonplace in focal seizures.  

If the motor cortex is involved in the over excitation of neurons, motor symptoms can result. Likewise, sensory symptoms can result if in the sensory cortex, particularly in the temporal lobe, including auditory changes, smell affected, or even emotional changes.

One of the most common auras are visual (zigzag lines, bright lights, vibrating visual changes) caused most likely by abnormal activity in the occipital lobe, which is the location of the visual cortex..



The part of your brain where your seizures originate (your seizure focus) may be linked to a specific type of aura because an aura represents the beginning of a seizure.  Since different parts of the brain are responsible for different things, the warning signs you experience will be related to the functions of the section of brain where the seizure is about to occur.  People whose seizures begin in the temporal lobe tend to have certain types of auras and those whose seizures begin somewhere else often will have different types.

An aura sensation can include some or a combination of the following:

Visual changes
Bright lights and blobs
Zigzag lines
Distortions in the size or shape of objects
Vibrating visual field
Scotoma  ( a spot in the visual field in which vision is absent or deficient).
Shimmering, pulsating patches, often curved
Tunnel vision
Blind or dark spots in the field of vision
Curtain-like effect over one eye
Slowly spreading spots
Kaleidoscope effects on visual field
Temporary blindness in one or both eyes
Heightened sensitivity to light

Auditory changes
Hearing voices or sounds that do not exist
Modification of voices or sounds in the environment: buzzing, tremolo, amplitude modulation or other modulations
Heightened sensitivity to hearing
Someone speaking at a level and normal tone sounds like they are shouting loudly



Other sensations
Strange smells  or tastes
Heightened sensitivity to smell
Déjà vu  (overwhelming sense of familiarity with something that shouldn't be familiar at all)
Cephalic aura, a perception of movement of the head or inside the head
Abdominal aura such as an epigastric rising sensation
Nausea
A sudden feeling of anxiety, fear or foreboding
Numbness or tingling sensation
Weakness on one side of the body
Feelings of being separated from or floating above one's body
Sensation of limbs or teeth growing
Feeling of overheating and sudden perspiration
Inability to speak  or slurred speech

Confusion; forgetting how to do common tasks or comprehend spoken words.


The left temporal lobe is important for verbal memories such as learning names and remembering facts for exams. If you have seizures that start in this area you may have problems remembering words, and get stuck mid-sentence.

The right temporal lobe is important for visual memories like remembering a person’s face or finding your way around a place.

The frontal lobe is important for prospective memory. Seizures in this area can cause problems remembering to do things in the future.

You may have difficulty remembering information straight after a seizure. This is sometimes called post-ictal (after-seizure) confusion and it usually goes away once you have recovered. The length of time it takes for memory to return to normal can vary from person to person.


If you have temporal lobe epilepsy you may have memory difficulties even if your seizures are well controlled. This is because the temporal lobe is responsible for creating memories.

Epilepsy develops when nerve cells lose the ability to turn off electrical impulses, leading to over-stimulation of certain areas of the brain. The disease can affect multiple centers of the brain and cause a range of symptoms.

A seizure occurs when a burst of electrical impulses in the brain escape their normal limits. They spread to neighboring areas and create an uncontrolled storm of electrical activity. The electrical impulses can be transmitted to the muscles, causing twitches or convulsions.




Seizures, especially ones that start in the temporal lobe, can cause a major blow to the hippocampus. The hippocampus is very sensitive to changes in brain activity. If seizures starting here go untreated, the hippocampus starts to harden and shrink. Then it is as if the librarian has gone on strike. 

Buried deep inside the temporal lobe is the hippocampus, which is responsible for receiving new information and storing it. However, it only stores information for a short time. Then, if the information seems important, it ships it to a different section of the brain for long-term storage. Once the information is needed again, the hippocampus helps retrieve it. The hippocampus is the ultimate librarian.

Information may be stored, but in a disorganized way.  You will have difficulty in searching, or you may not find it at all.  Luckily, for us, there is one hippocampus on each side of the brain. So if one is affected by seizures, the other can help pick up the slack.

The left brain lobe controls the right side of the body and vice versa.  Most people ( being right handed ) have the main part of their language functions on the left side of their brain. So if your seizures start on the right side of your brain, your language may not be affected at all. But even if your seizures start on the left side of your brain, hope is not lost. Seizures, by themselves, do not stop people from speaking or understanding words.  

Even if seizures happen every day for most of your life, you are still able to read, speak, and understand words. The main language problem caused by seizures is with finding words.  Many people cannot think of the name of something, even when it is right in front of them. 

This is because seizures can damage the area where the word is stored, as well as the communication lines that carry or transport the word.  The frontal lobe helps you to make a list, plan a driving route, or organize your thoughts. It plays a major role in decision making. It helps you evaluate the pros and cons..

The frontal lobe determines your social behavior and hence you personality. The frontal lobe takes care of your social manner .. Seizures that happen in the frontal lobe can cause your planning ability to become haywire.. It may be harder for you to socially interact with people. Your attention span will be limited.

The temporal lobes are the most common site of localized epileptic seizures, although seizures beginning in the temporal lobes can extend to other parts of the brain.  Temporal lobe epilepsy can lead to a number of symptoms, including auras and hallucinations. 

Patients experiencing temporal lobe seizures can hallucinate visions, sounds, tastes and smalls for the duration of the seizure, as well as feel an inability to explain their sensations afterwards.  Left untreated, temporal lobe seizures can lead to brain damage due to over-stimulation of brain cells.

If you have epilepsy, your memory can be affected in several ways. You may not  recall an event or a piece of information when you need it.

Epilepsy can reduce your attentional speed or rate of information processing.  You will have problems processing information when it is presented at a rapid rate or over extended periods.  You may "space out" when required to sit and listen to something that lasts for a long time. In many cases, people with epilepsy are able to process the required information, but not at the rate at which it is presented. 

If your processing speed is reduced, you can miss out on critical facts.  In other situations, you may fail to absorb information because you can't keep focused over time.. Some can attend only to a very specific amount of information before becoming overwhelmed. To use an analogy, the funnel they use to obtain information is narrower than the one that others use. You cannot remember what you never got to begin with. 

People with epilepsy are prone to forget things more quickly than other for epilepsy directly affects many of the brain structures involved in memory processing. While a seizure is happening, it interferes with thinking. 

If seizures happen over and over again (as they sometimes do), they can have a lasting effect on many of the brain's functions, from memory and language to planning and reasoning. It's possible that epilepsy may change how you relate to others, your mood, even your personality. But most people with epilepsy find that it has no effect on their behavior.

A seizure can disrupt the area of the brain in charge of a particular function. If seizures happen in the area in charge of language, you may not be able to name an object when you see it.  Seizures can also stop the communication between different areas. The lines are cut, so to speak. Even though you may know the name of an object, the part of the brain that knows can't tell the rest of your brain. 

Most people ( right handed ) have the main part of their language functions on the left side of their brain. So if your seizures start on the right side of your brain, your language may not be affected at all.

Seizures may leave you afraid to go to work, school, or play and create anxiety. Seizure medicines can make you sleep more, and change your personality. The stigma of epilepsy can also affect the families of those with the disease.   A big chunk of people with epilepsy have depression, anxiety, or both.

MRI gives more information than CT.  MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) is the diagnostic tool that identifies structural abnormalities in the brain that may be associated with the cause of seizures.

It shows more details of the brain's structure than does the cat scan.  MRI does not use x-rays. Instead, it uses a powerful magnet to change the spin on atomic particles in the body. Then it measures the changes in the magnetic field as the particles resume their previous course. This is safe and you will not feel anything while it is happening.

MRI produces a remarkably accurate representation of the brain's structure. The images are extremely helpful for identifying scar tissue, areas of abnormal brain development (dysplasia), small brain tumors, blood vessel abnormalities, and changes in the brain's white matter. MRI is generally a better imaging test except when bleeding is suspected.




MEG measures small electrical currents arising inside the neurons of the brain. These currents produce small magnetic fields. MEG generates a remarkably accurate representation of the magnetic fields produced by the neurons.

Absence seizures (also called petit mal seizures). are characterized by a brief, altered state of consciousness and staring episodes. Typically, the person's posture is maintained during the seizure. The mouth or face may twitch or the eyes may blink rapidly. The seizure usually lasts no longer than 30 seconds. 

When the seizure is over, the person may not recall what just occurred and may go on with his or her activities, acting as though nothing happened. These seizures may occur several times a day. This type of seizure is sometimes mistaken for a learning problem or behavioral problem. Absence seizures almost always start between ages 4 to 12 years. School teachers must be trained.

Febrile seizures is a type of seizure is associated with fever and is not epilepsy, although a fever may trigger a seizure in a child who has epilepsy. These seizures are more commonly seen in children between six months and five years of age. 

Febrile seizures that last less than 15 minutes are called simple, and typically do not have long-term neurological effects. Seizures lasting more than 15 minutes are called complex and there may be long-term neurological changes in the child.

A ketogenic diet (high-fat, low-carbohydrate, adequate-protein) appears to decrease the number of seizures by half in about 1/3 of children.. Yoga is good to prevent further seizures.  

Myoclonic jerks of the legs and arms are common in people without epilepsy.  In fact, they're normal as a person falls to sleep.  The key to the diagnosis of juvenile myoclonic epilepsy is the additional presence of either absence seizures or convulsive seizures. Seizures in juvenile myoclonic epilepsy can be triggered by flickering light, like the sun reflecting off ocean waves, or bright coloured strobe lighting at a rave/ trance party.

Small children have been given TOXIC  fish by parents thinking it is great health food.  Formalin doused fish causes brain seizures.

Punch into Google search-

FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE VADAKAYIL



There are three types of diagnoses a doctor might make when treating a patient with epilepsy:

Idiopathic - this means there is no apparent cause.
Cryptogenic - this means the doctor thinks there is most probably a cause, but cannot pinpoint it.
Symptomatic - this means that the doctor knows what the cause is.

Partial seizure - this means the epileptic activity took place ONLY in a part of the patient's brain. There are two types of Partial Seizures:

Simple Partial Seizure - the patient is conscious during the seizure. In most cases the patient is also aware of his surroundings, even though the seizure is in progress.

Complex Partial Seizure - the patient's consciousness is impaired. The patient will generally not remember the seizure, and if he does, the recollection of it will be vague.



Generalized Seizure - both halves of the brain have epileptic activity. The patient's consciousness is lost while the seizure is in progress.

Secondary Generalized Seizure - the epileptic activity started as a partial seizure, but then it spread to both halves of the brain. As this development happens, the patient loses consciousness.




The UNO is vehemently against the use of medical Cannabis for epileptic patients, it is so easy to know why.



But things are picking up as yesterday, America’s best known doctor, Dr Sanjay Gupta ,  often quoted by US presidents,  was honored with a medical cannabis strain branded in his name as GUPTA KUSH . 

BELOW:   I WOULD LIKE THE CHRISTIAN MOTHER OF THIS CHILD BELOW INVESTIGATE AND PUBLISH WHAT "BREAD " WAS BROKEN ,  IN THE LAST SUPPER OF JESUS CHRIST, WHO HAD COME TO KERALA FOR LEARNING HEALING AND MEDITATION .



I am repeating –

The  symptoms which may indicate a person has epilepsy are :

A convulsion with no temperature (no fever).

Short spells of blackout, or confused memory.

Intermittent fainting spells, during which bowel or bladder control is lost. This is frequently followed by extreme tiredness.

For a short period the person is unresponsive to instructions or questions.

The person becomes stiff, suddenly, for no obvious reason

The person suddenly falls for no clear reason

Sudden bouts of blinking without apparent stimuli

Sudden bouts of chewing, without any apparent reason

For a short time the person seems dazed, and unable to communicate

Repetitive movements that seem inappropriate

The person becomes fearful for no apparent reason, he/she may even panic or become angry

Peculiar changes in senses, such as smell, touch and sound

The arms, legs, or body jerk, in babies these will appear as cluster of rapid jerking movements

Below :  After the age of  65 degenerative conditions such as Alzheimer's disease can trigger epilepsy.




The following conditions need to be eliminated as they may present similar symptoms, and are sometimes misdiagnosed as epilepsy:

A high fever with epilepsy-like symptoms

Fainting

Narcolepsy (recurring episodes of sleep during the day and often disrupted nocturnal sleep)

Cataplexy  (a transient attack of extreme generalized weakness, often precipitated by an emotional response, such as surprise, fear, or anger; one component of the narcolepsy quadrad)

Sleep disorders

Nightmares

Panic attacks

The majority of the anti epilepsy drugs ( AEDSs )  are taken orally.  AEDs are aimed at modifying the structures and processes involved during the development of a seizure--  including neurons, receptors, glia, ion channels and inhibitory or excitatory synapses. 

Inhibition is triggered to stop or prevent seizure activity.  Epilepsy affects over 60 million people worldwide and approximately 1 in 3 of these unfortunate people have epilepsy that is not adequately controlled by our present treatments.  




People with epilepsy are not violent or crazy.  

Epilepsy is not the same as mental illness and in fact, the majority of people with seizures do not develop mental health problems.  In some people, the cause and location of the seizures may affect certain brain areas and contribute to mood problems.  In others, side effects of treatments and the challenges of living with epilepsy may affect a person's feelings and behavior.



Single tonic-clonic seizures lasting less than 5-10 minutes are not known to cause brain damage or injury.  However, there is evidence that more frequent and more prolonged tonic-clonic seizures may in some patients injure the brain.  Prolonged or repetitive complex partial seizures (a type of seizure that occurs in clusters without an intervening return of consciousness) also can potentially cause long-lasting impairment of brain function.



A PERSON LYING ON THE SIDE WALK NEED NOT BE DRUNK!



ABOVE: MOST IMPORTANT VIDEO OF THIS POST

After having seizures for many years it may be a bit hard to stop unwanted behavior.  You may speak your mind without TACT at the wrong time.  You may tell you boss that he is an as$hole right in the middle of your annual performance review , which determines your renewal of contract, bonus and raise.


Children who had epileptic brain seizures are slow at school in math must be encouraged to exercise the other brain lobe , by playing the piano.  There is NO need to despair .

Punch into Google search-
MUSIC AND EARLY BRAIN DEVELOPMENT VADAKAYIL

Children who have recovered from epileptic seizures must have sufficient sleep  with enough REM sleep.  This is an unexplored branch.    A tired brain with emotional stress, worry, anger or fear is vulnerable.

To get a better understanding of REM sleep-- , punch into Google search-
SLEEP PARALYSIS AND THE SINISTER PRESENCE WHICH TERRORISES YOU  VADAKAYIL.


Patients with epileptic seizures have benefited from 6000 year old Ayurvedic Shirodhara.  A lot of Kerala tourism is Shirodhara tourism.

Punch into Google search-

SHIRODHARA, 6000 YEAR OLD MASSAGE FOR THE PINEAL GLAND  VADAKAYIL




Every person who has epileptic  seizures must know about Pranayama.  This is deep yogic diaphragmic breathing and is pole opposite to the harmful hyperventilation of Sudarshan Kriya .

Punch into Google search-
PRANAYAMA VADAKAYIL



Dysphoria means loss of pleasure or joy.  This opposite of theword euphoria, which means extreme joy. 

Many people who have epilepsy experience dysphoric episodes.  These episodes, which can last between a few hours and a few days, consist of depressive moods, irritability, lack of energy, pain, anxiety, insomnia, and euphoric moods.

Such people would benefit from keeping a pet based on personal choice. It may be a dog or a cat. This is NOT necessary if they get genuine love ( not fake ) from family and friends .

Punch into Google search-
THE JOY OF HAVING A CAT AS A PET VADAKAYIL

Anxiety disorders have been associated with the amygdala, a structure in the front part of the temporal lobe.  The seizures of temporal lobe epilepsy frequently affect the amygdala and cause it to act in different ways.
Wanna know more about amygdala?

Punch into Google search-

SHAMBHAVI MUDRA , BYPASSING THE AMYGDALA BY PRATYAHARA TO STILL THE MIND  VADAKAYIL

Anxiety can become a disorder, however, if it gets out of hand, causing a constant feeling of nervousness, distress, and unease for no apparent reason. Anxiety is also related to epilepsy in more specific ways.  It can occur not only as a reaction to the diagnosis, but also as a symptom of the epilepsy, and, in some cases, as a side effect of seizure medicines.

The knowledge that a seizure can occur at any time and place without very much warning is a major point of anxiety for many people. Some also become anxious about social rejection due to their condition, particularly during adolescence.

Because these symptoms of anxiety can be present during a seizure, in many cases the two are hard to differentiate. In extreme cases, hyperventilation caused by anxiety can trigger a convulsion, which can further complicate the diagnosis. Also, because the panic attacks occur suddenly and without warning, they are extremely frightening; the person usually believes that they represent a serious medical condition. 



For people with both epilepsy and anxiety, the neurologist may recommend seizure medicines that also have anti-anxiety effects. Because it may involve changes in behavior, epilepsy has traditionally straddled the divide between psychiatry and neurology.  This underscores the importance of the parent or teacher watching the symptoms carefully.

Psychosis (known to psychiatrists as psychotic disorder) is a severe mental disorder in which the person loses contact with reality  . Some forms of psychosis are closely linked to the occurrence of seizures .   In general, psychotic episodes in people with epilepsy tend to be less severe and respond better to therapy.

Some people with epilepsy experience another change— a loss of interest in sex.  Patients with epilepsy have this perception of stigma. Stigma is a feeling of discrimination or persecution that we experience when we don't conform to standards. Even if true acts of discrimination by others are not common, a person may feel stigma and get less enjoyment from life as a result.

It is worth repeating again that brain seizures very rarely happen in a doctor's office.  Hence the  information given to the doctor by parents, teachers , office workers etc  is extremely important.

Medical disorders involving other systems of the body can cause seizures, so your doctor will perform a general medical examination as an important part of your first visit for seizures. An examination and some laboratory tests can tell the doctor whether your liver, kidneys, and other organ systems are working properly.

Some people have both epilepsy and a medical disorder such as kidney disease or an overactive thyroid gland. If you have a disorder of this kind, both your neurologist and your primary doctor should know about it. Your medical disorder may be involved in causing your seizures. Even if it is not, the presence of another disorder may affect the seizure medicines that are prescribed for you.

If the dosage of your seizure medicine is too high, it can create obvious side effects, such as: 
Slurred speech
Trouble concentrating
Difficulty walking a straight line
Jerking eye movements when you look to one side
Trembling when your arms are outstretched

Parents, well wisher  must be careful and inform the doctor.  If the neurologist finds signs like these, the dosage of medicine may need to be reduced.


The experienced neurologist may be examining you even while you are just talking. The doctor is trained to assess your mood, thinking, language, eye and facial movements, strength, coordination, and many other features just by carefully listening and observing you. So don’t fake anything.


MRI (magnetic resonance imaging) is the most important neuroimaging test in epilepsy because it can help to classify both seizure type and syndrome.   For example, partial onset seizures that secondarily generalize rapidly can be misinterpreted as primary generalized seizures.  


If MRI shows a structural lesion that is the likely source of the seizures, then they can be correctly classified as partial in nature. The classification often is crucial for the best treatment. Information from MRI is used to evaluate the likelihood that surgery would be effective in controlling seizures.  Before surgery, MRI helps to identify the surgical approach and the volume of tissue to be removed.



Closed MRIs use a stronger magnet (one with a higher field strength), which allows for more detailed images that depict thinner "slices" of your brain. The brain is an intricate and extraordinarily complex organ. Highly detailed images are necessary to evaluate it. Seizures can originate from or be caused by quite small (or large) abnormal areas in the brain, from tumors, blood vessel abnormalities, abnormal development, or injury. 


The closed MRI system helps your doctor to see the small, subtle abnormalities in your brain that may be causing your seizure activity.

The MEG test will take between 1 hour to 2  hours. During this time, you will need to remain as still as possible, not moving your head. This is very important. If you need a break, to go for pee etc  tell the technologist.

Epilepsy is more common in those with autism.  Attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder affects three to five times more children with epilepsy than children in the general population.  ADHD and epilepsy have significant consequences on a child's behavioral, learning, and social development.

At home the recommended initial medication for seizure of a long duration is midazolam placed in the mouth.  Diazepam suppository may also be used rectally for people who drool and cannot swallow .  In hospital, intravenous lorazepam is preferred.  NEVER  EVER do self medication.

Slowly stopping medications may be reasonable in some people who do not have a seizure for two to four years; however, around a third of people have a recurrence, most often during the first six months. Stopping is possible in about 70% of children and 60% of adults.

One predictor of long-term outcome is the number of seizures that occur in the first six months. This is the time the mother of a small child must be careful.  

Statistics have proved that the risk of suicide is increased  about 3 times in those with epilepsy.  Before 1970 the United Kingdom had laws which prevented people with epilepsy from marrying.  The stigma may result in some people with epilepsy denying that they have ever had seizures, and many husbands were held responsible for the young wife’s suicide.

Those with epilepsy are at about twice the risk of being involved in a motor vehicular collision and thus in many areas of the world are not allowed to drive or only able to drive if certain conditions are met. Many countries require one to three years without seizures.

Like I said before , a seizure is a massive disruption of electrical communication between neurons in the brain, leading to the temporary release of excessive energy in a synchronized form. Neurons communicate with each other by firing electrical impulses.

These impulses travel from the neuron along the axon, and then stimulate the release of neurotransmitters which flow across the synaptic cleft (the gap between the cells) to the dendrites of the receiving cell.

If more excitatory than inhibitory transmitters are released, the cell will fire- if more inhibitory neurotransmitters are released, the cell will not fire. Since large numbers of cells are involved in even simple actions, the on/off action serves to control physical and mental functioning.



However, if there is a consistently higher level of the excitory neurotransmitters, or too few inhibitory ones, the likelihood of a seizure—an uncontrolled, continuing firing of neurons in the brain—is increased.  




Some of the newer medications relate directly to this process and are designed to increase the level of inhibitory neurotransmitters, especially gamma-aminobutyric acid (GABA), or to decrease the amount of the excitatory ones, such as glutamate.

Anything that interrupts the normal connections between nerve cells in the brain can cause a seizure.

This includes a high fever, low blood sugar, high blood sugar, alcohol or drug withdrawal, or a brain concussion.

Under these circumstances, anyone can have one or more seizures.

However, when a person has two or more unprovoked seizures, he is considered to have epilepsy.

In Kerala Lord Parashurama created thousands of Snake groves or Sarpakkavus. Inside these groves he cause Ayurvedic creepers and trees ( for medicinal barks ) to be grown.  During the British rule , they destroyed all these groves stating superstition. There are tree barks for every disease on this planet. 

My wife’s paternal grandmother was an Ayurvedic physician at Kannur . 



There is a creeper in Kannur by the name of Amritavalli ( leaves are heart shaped ) that bring down sugar levels from 500 to less than 100 in a few of days—and that too permanently, which means the pancreas is regenerated..  There is no medicine on this planet which is even 1/100th as effective.

Punch into Google search-
KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA VADAKAYIL


In the rush to run down Hinduism, and convert Hindus to other religions—this planet is suffering.  

For thousands of years , the only medicines available to this planet was from Kerala snake groves. 

Today everybody makes fun of Hindus for worshiping snakes.




Almost all our Ayurvedic records were taken away to Germany by the Rothschild’s Basel Mission from Calicut ( my home town ).

Punch into Google search-
HERMANN GUNDERT, HERMANN HESSE AND MALAYALAM VADAKAYIL

In my vision , I see a great revival of Ayurveda in the future. People will shun chemical medicines ( with side effects ) and go back to mother nature’s bounty.

Below:  Tree barks for every occasion.



The urine of the vedic  HUMPED cow can drastically reduce epileptic brain seizures.
*********************************************************************
BEEJ MANTRA , ANUSWARAM NASAL SOUND , PRIMORDIAL LONGITUDINAL WAVE SOUND FREQUENCY – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SEED OR BIJA MANTRAS , ONE SYLLABLED ANUSWARAM  VIBRATORY MMMMM SOUND FOR NITRIC OXIDE BOOST  ,  HARMONICS OF BASIC  OM FREQUENCY 7.83 HZ ,  INNER EAR METHOD FOR BENDING SPACE TIME ,  ALPHA BRAIN  FREQUENCY OR SCHUMANN  RESONANCE 7.83 HZ  EARTHS HEARTBEAT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The sign of OM is the sign of Hinduism.  It is the first and foremost of all mantras.  

Mantra is the sound body of consciousness.  OM is considered as the sound of cosmic energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  The spiritual efficacy of OM is heard, not by the ears but by the heart .  It surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality.  

The frequency of OM is 7.83 Hz , which in inaudible to the ear, as the human ear of a 2 strand DNA human being like you and me , cannot discern sounds of frequency less than 20 hertz.  We can hear only the harmonics.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz



All these harmonics are part of Beej mantras.

OM has been lifted by other religions as AMEN,  786 ( OM symbol shown in mirror ), SHALOM, OMKAR etc-  but they do NOT work.




Shri Navgraha Strota:

जपाकुसुमसंकाशं काश्यपेयं महद्युतिम्
तमोऽरिM सर्वपापघ्नं प्रणतोऽस्मि दिवाकरम् |

I bow to Surya, who shines like JapaKusuma flower, who is son of Kasyapa, who is resplendent, who is enemy of darkness n who destroys all sins.

दधिशण^खतुषाराभं क्शीरोदार्णवसंभवम्
नमामि शशिनं सोमं शम्भोर्मुकुटभूषणम् |

I bow to Soma, whose colour is white like yogurt, conch n snow; who rose from Ksheasagar and  who adorns the head of Lord Siva.

धरणीगर्भसंभूतं विद्युत्कान्तिसमप्रभम्
कुमारं शक्तिहस्तं च मण^गलं प्रणमाम्यहम् |

I bow to Mangala, who is born of earth, who shines like lightning, who is called Kumara, n who holds in his hand weapon called Shakti.

प्रियङगुकलिकाश्यामं रूपेणाप्रतिमं बुधम्
सौम्यं सौम्यगुणोपेतं तं बुधं प्रणमाम्यहम् |

I bow to Budha who has a dark blue complexion like the bud of creeper called Priyang, who is beautiful; who is wise, who is the son of Soma; n who is of a very charitable n noble.

देवानां च ऋषीणां च गुरुं काज्ञ्चनसंनिभम्
बुद्धिभूतं त्रिलोकेशं तं नमामि बृहस्पतिम् |

I bow to Guru, who is Guru of Devatas n Rishi, who is resplendent like gold, who is of the form of wisdom, n who is the lord of the 3 worlds.

हिमकुन्दमृणालाभं दैत्यानां परमं गुरुम्
सर्वशास्त्रप्रवक्तारं भार्गवं प्रणमाम्यहम् |

I bow to Sukra, who shines like snow, Kundflower n Mrinal-flower,who is Guru of Asuras n who is master-teacher of all Sastras.

नीलांजनसमाभासं रविपुत्रं यमाग्रजम्
छायामार्तण्डसंभूतं तं नमामि शनैश्चरम् |

I bow to Shani, whose complexion is like shining dark-blue collyrium,who is son of Surya, who is elder brother of Yama n who is born of Chaya.

अर्धकायं महावीर्यं चन्द्रादित्यविमर्दनम्
सिंहिकागर्भसंभूतं तं राहुं प्रणमाम्यहम् |

I bow to Rahu,who has a half-body, who is of extraordinary strength, who is oppressor of moon n sun, n who is born of Simhika.

पलाशपुष्पसंकाशं तारकाग्रहमस्तकम्
रौद्रं रौद्रात्मकं घोरं तं केतुं प्रणमाम्यहम् |

I bow to Ketu,who shines like Palas-flower, who is foremost among star n planet, who is Raudra n whose form is fierce n fearful.  May Lord Navgraha Bless All of You.







Sun (Surya)
Om hram hreem hraum sah suryaya namah

Moon (Chandra)
Om shram shreem shraum sah chandraya namah

Mars (Mangal)
Om kram kreem kraum sah bhaumaya namah

Mercury (Budh)
Om bram breem braum sah budhaya namah

Jupiter (Guru)
Om gram greem graum sah gurave namah

Venus (Shukra)
Om dram dreem draum sah shukraya namah

Saturn (Shani)
Om pram preem praum sah shanaicharaya namah

Rahu
Om bhram bhreem bhraum sah rahave namah

Ketu
Om shram shreem shraum sah ketave namah



The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781--  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .  

Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus (Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama) Pluto ( Teevra )- as named in 7000 year old Vedas by Vyasa Muni , just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they stay in one single rashi for too long.

Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these diameters were calculated more thas 6 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different.

The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz.  The rest is inaudible. This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear.  

These cosmic sounds were heard by 12 strand DNA maharishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums.  However our brain can register the vibrations.

Diviners use OM resonance to find water in arid areas. The spiritual efficacy of OM is NOT on the gross sound, but on the subtle sound which is heard by the heart and uttered by the mind. 

The mantric power of Om emanates not only from its sound vibrations, but also from the inner attitude of the speaker-- his spiritual purity and his freedom from worldliness. The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM.

The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.  When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.

Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer. The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an antigravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water. 



The anuswaram ( nasal sound ) MMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body. This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.

OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light. The secrets of this universe are contained in energy , frequency and vibration.

Chanting OM raises your vibration to a higher consciousness, and it clears the channel for intuition.  From the conch OM frequency 7.83 Hz emanates.









Just before the Mahabharata war, 6000 year ago,  Lord Krishna blew on his Panchajanya shankh, striking terror in the Kaurava camp hearts.  This sound went all around the world like a soliton carrier wave , using the ionosphere as a wave guide. 



The sound of the conch with its inherent 7.83 hertz can be heard by the ears ( in harmonics ) and well as the human heart . If you make the sound of OM in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic,  in that every bit of it contains all of it.  



The Hindu Sri Yantra divine geometry contains the Theory of Everything.  The Sri Yantra was revealed to Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands in 8000 BC, and it construction is based on the golden mean of 1.618.   



The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch created by brahmAn ( Advaita Sanatana Dharma god)-- the morphogenetic consciousness field  is based on the Fibonacci series and golden mean. Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru. 



Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance.

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two).   The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.



The Golden Ratio is thus a universal law in which is contained the ground-principle of all formative striving for beauty and completeness in the realms of nature art, structures, forms and proportions, whether cosmic or individual, organic or inorganic, acoustic or optical—and of course in the perfect human form.

The ancient Vedas written in 5000 BC tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field. An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force.

What we call brahmAn or akasha is the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.   99.9999% of every atom is empty space. What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.9999 % empty space.




Matter exists because of this intelligent force which holds the spiraling electrons in its orbit--  for if it drops or rises one single orbit the matter changes into something totally different. This conscious intelligent field brahmAn decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  Electrons can change position instantly without taking time.

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter.

These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .



The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission

Kirlean cameras can detect the Scalar field.  Our human aura is a scalar field created by the spiraling chakras.


"Prajnānam brahma”—  Brahman knows everything.  Upanishads 5000 BC.



The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field.  

Below: Wikipedia has ignored Gail Tredwell and her lies.




Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA.



Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea.



When you blow a conch your body must be erect, as per the spirit level in the inner ear cochlea, to balance right and left brain lobes.

The spiral in the inner ear also follows the Fibonacci series. Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL.  Rest are all transverse.



Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves.  Which means a conch can create scalar waves. 

The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM.   In Hindu temples before and after a puja or arti the shank is blown.

Lord Shiva is also known as Shankara.




Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision.


There is a direct phonetic link between longitudinal wave sound and visual signs. This is why Hindu houses draw Kolam cymatic designs.




The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves, faster than light.   The cymatics of OM is the Sri Yantra whose angle is used to construct the Egyptian pyramids. 




The etymology of the Hindu word “mandala” suggests not just a circle but a container of essence.. The Sri Yantra was revealed to Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands in 8000 BC, and it construction is based on the golden mean of 1.618.  

Tantric Kolams are drawn , before Agnihotra fire rituals.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance.


Consciousness is a form of matter just as matter is a form of consciousness.  On the subatomic level—mind is over matter.  The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology. 

Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player. Feelings and thoughts would show the same type of duality as waves and particles. Fields of consciousness are called M fields –morpogenetic or brahmAn , the supreme force  as per Advaita Hindusm--just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.




All Beej mantras end with Anuswaram MMMM , which produces Nitric oxide.  

Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 50 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body.  People with diabetes usually have lower levels of Nitric oxide than patients without diabetes. 

Treating cut flowers and other plants with Nitric oxide has been shown to lengthen the time before wilting. The Opiate drug Morphine , the addictive pain killer, works by an increase in Nitric Oxide release.  Nitroglycerin and Amyl Nitrite tablets serve as vasodilators because they are converted to Nitric Oxide in the body, to ease angina pain ( heart pain ). Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide.  

Nitric oxide is a gas that affects blood vessels.  It is a simple molecule, having two atoms - nitrogen and oxygen.  But it does an incredible array of things.  Our blood vessels make nitric oxide. It's a potent and facile dilator. Nitric oxide or nitrogen monoxide, molecule has the chemical formula NO.  It is a free radical and is an important intermediate in the chemical industry.

When the human body reaches the age of 27 years, the secretion of nitric oxide is at its peak. As you get  older and the production of nitric oxide in the human body declines gradually, more from age 42 onwards. In mammals including humans, NO is an important cellular signaling molecule involved in many physiological and pathological processes. It is a powerful vasodilator with a short half-life of a few seconds in the blood.

Nitric oxide controls blood flow in our body.  It controls our vascular resistance , the blood pressure . When your body produces sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, then your blood vessels are relaxed, and your blood pressure is low.   



Conversely if you're not making enough or Nitric Oxide production is inactivated,  then  your blood vessels become contracted and your blood pressure shoots up.  So this is an important feature of the blood vessels is its  ability to control its own diameter automatically.

 The endothelium (inner lining) of blood vessels uses Nitric oxide to signal the surrounding smooth muscle to relax, thus resulting in vasodilation and increasing blood flow. Nitric oxide is highly reactive (having a lifetime of a few seconds), yet diffuses freely across membranes.

Nitric oxide is part of the body's self-defense mechanism.  It can defend against bacteria.  It also defends against tumor cells.  Nitric Oxide in higher concentrations can actually halt the growth of cells or can halt bacterial growth, so it's a defense against infection. Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce Nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria.

It is a defense against tumor and cancer. It is a defense against hardening of the arteries too.  



Normally, in a young person who does not have hardened arteries,  the blood vessels make sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, and there is no need to take any medicine. When people get old and have heart problems due to hardened arteries and angina pain, you can give Nitric oxide -  (nitroglycerin in a pill kept under the tongue ).

Or you can improve the release of Nitric oxide from the blood vessels themselves and enhance the body's ability to make Nitric oxide, or for the matter, protect Nitric oxide from being broken down.

Nitric oxide - is our self-defense system against athrosclerosis.  The endothelial lining of the blood vessel is like Teflon.  It keeps things from sticking to the vessel wall.  The reason it has this property of Teflon is because it releases nitric oxide, so it's a non-sticky surface because it's releasing nitric oxide, which not only relaxes the blood vessel but also prevents things from sticking to the vessel.

Nitric Oxide is of critical importance as a mediator of vasodilation in blood vessels.  The vasodilatory actions of Nitric oxide plays a key role in renal control of extracellular fluid homeostasis and is essential for the regulation of blood flow and blood pressure.

Nitroglycerin, Amyl nitrite, "poppers" (isobutyl nitrite or similar) and other nitrite derivatives are used in the treatment of heart disease and Angine pectoris.  The compounds get converted to Nitric oxide which in turn dilates the coronary artery (blood vessels around the heart), thereby increasing its blood supply.  These drugs, however, are predominantly venodilators, dilating peripheral veins and hence reducing venous return and preload to the heart.




This reduces the oxygen requirement of the myocardium and subsequently lessens the heart pain. By dilating (expanding) the veins, Nitric oxide drugs lower arterial pressure and left ventricular filling pressure.  This vasodilation does not decrease the volume of blood the heart pumps, but rather it decreases the force the heart muscle must exert to pump the same volume of blood.

The interior surface (endothelium) of your arteries produce nitric oxide. When plaque builds up in your arteries, called atherosclerosis, you reduce your capacity to produce Nitric oxide, which is why physicians prescribe nitroglycerin for heart and stroke patients.

As I said before Nitric Oxide plays a role in erection of the penis. The vasodilatatory effect of Nitric Oxide plays a vital role in the development and maintenance of a penile erection.   Vasodilation of blood vessels results in more blood flowing in and hence erection. This is the biological basis of Sildenafil (Viagra), which works to inhibit the enzyme phosphodiesterase PDE5.   

Since life began, the Earth has been surrounding and protecting all living things with a natural frequency pulsation of 7.83 HZ— the ancient Indian Rishis called OM.   Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as Schumann’s Resonance .  These frequencies start at 7.8 Hz and progress by approximately 5.9 Hz. (7.8, 13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3, and 43.2 Hz.).  7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness.



Most people are in an alpha state during the short time immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious. Alpha is also the home of the window frequency known as the Schumann Resonance, which is the resonant frequency of the earth's electromagnetic field.

When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch. It is, in fact, environmental synchronization. he first astronauts and cosmonauts, who, out in space, also were no longer exposed to the Schumann waves.

Now modern spacecrafts are said to contain a device which simulates the Schumann waves. By producing a 7.83 Hz pulse with a field generator (Schumann device), we can counter the effects of the irritating man-made fields. By replicating the Earth's natural rhythm, we may be providing ourselves (at least in our immediate vicinity) with a more healthy environment.




The inner ear gives the cycloid spiral space curve motion. Vedic seers used the inner ear method for bending space time. The inner ear acts as a spirit level for the human body to achieve balance, The cochlea looks like a small snail. When the head moves, so does the fluids, inside the cochlea like a spirit level. A sound wave is a longitudinal wave--a series of compressions and rarefactions.. Higher the frequency, higher the perceived pitch.



Mantras work only in Sanskrit, which is the oldest language in the world , with the most immense vocabulary, clear speech, perfect pronunciation, accurate expression and politeness. Since Panini wrote the adaptable Sankrit grammar 7500 years ago, there has been NO changes, it is that perfect-- the work of a genius!!  Rig veda was written in 5000 BC in Sanskrit.

The Sanskrit language came from the 12 strand DNA of Vedic seers , with king size pineal glands who inhabited the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC till it dried up in 4000 BC, due to tectonic shifts blocking the himalayan glacier source -- The Saraswati elite then migrated all over even to Europe and Russia. This is why European languages have Sanskrit similarities.

There are no proper nouns in Sanskrit. Every single Sanskrit word has a meaning built into the word itself. The principles of sound harmonics working precisely and consistently through the entire language The way words unfold from their seed forms is amazing. 





The mathematical precision throughout the language and give it its extraordinary power . There is a vibration or resonance in the sounds of Sanskrit and hence is the choice language for mantras.



A mantra is a word or a series of words , which produce longitudinal scalar waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language.  A divine language came out from a 12 strand DNA – the most complicated supercomputer on this planet. Since the past 4000 years ( since 2000 BC ) there have been no human beings on this planet with 12 strand DNA—the last being Adi Shankaracharya..

Sanskrit is a language given to the Vedic rishis by Lord Shiva .  Mantra language must have precise golden ratio sound harmonics ( Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ). It must have mathematical and geometrical precision and words must unfold from seed forms. 

Mantra language must have natural continuity is word making and in sentence making.  Its sound must have vibration and resonance. Its alphabets must form in cymatics when uttered.  Mantras in this language must be approved by a gifted seer with 12 strand DNA and the effect felt on his chakras and pineal gland. This is why all mantras must be compulsorily more than 4000 years old.

There has been NO changes to Panini’s grammar book of Sanskrit, unlike the Oxford English—where in the ridiculous spelling bee contest the children are forced to ask – language of origin please, definition please, include it  a sentence please, can you repeat the word please ( due to silent letters )—blah blah— 




Above:  Dimitri Mendeleeyev based his periodic table ( 108 ELEMENTS ) on the Sanskrit alphabets ( 54 in Shiva-Shakti ).



Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace. Mantras reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves .

Mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.  Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and raises human consciousness. Mantras have immediate soothing effect makes the brain produce and release magic healing chemicals. Errant and disturbing thought are killed!

Usually all mantras must begin and end with OM for the quantum tunneling effect.  Mantras increase Prana or life force, sharpens intellect and boosts metabolism.  Mantras can reduce the surface tension of water . It  centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing .  As I said before mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.



Mantra chanting must be done with intent, to make it more powerful.  This is about consciousness again. Longitudinal sound wave is everything!!   Waves , particles are all sound of music.  Your powerful king sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches.  Next time you hear a sound of a person , even on the phone , visualize who it could be.

Matter is created from vibrations.



Beej mantras, which are one-syllabled typically ending in anusvara (a simple nasal sound). These are derived from the name of deity; for example, deity Durga yields dum and deity Ganesha yields gam.

Maha ganapati mool Mantra -
"Om﻿ Shreem Hreem Kleem Klowm Gam Ganapathaye
Vara Varatha Sarvajanamay Vashamaanaya Swaha"



Beej mantras are prefixed and appended to other mantras , creating complex mantras.  In tantra, these mantras have supernatural powers, and they are transmitted by a guru to a disciple as an initiation ritual.

The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy. Our DNA is capable of producing and receiving sound (phonons) and light (photons) .

The DNA is a kind of a lens which can attract electromagnetic energy into itself. Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic signal. DNA can be influenced by acoustic, electromagnetic and SCALAR WAVES. 

In the quantum holographic DNA-wave bio-computer theory, DNA is a self-calibrating antenna working by phase conjugate ( scalar waves and phase conjugation) adaptive resonance capable of both receiving and transmitting quantum holographic information stored in the form of diffraction patterns-quantum holograms.  

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to DNA! Is it NOT amazing that Hindus knew this 12000 years ago? 

Our DNA has remembered all the things that ever happened to human beings. DNA is the source for all the proteins that repair cells , build new ones, replace missing or defective pieces of the genetic code , heal cuts and bruises and so forth. Everything you do, think, speak, run , play guitar or rule a country depends on a capacity programmed into one original molecule.  

Each cell of the body contains all of DNA’s infinite possibilities all of the time, from the moment of conception till death. 



DNA can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether.. Mobuis supercoil DNA can generate scalar waves. Negative emotions affect DNA signalling.  The bridge connecting the galactic resonances which rain down on our planet and brain frequencies reside in our DNA helix.  

31 years back when i got married, our horoscopes were matched.   DNA structure resonates thus quivering the individual cells. This is the principle of astrology , which is pure mathematics. When you meditate you tune your DNA to the subtle quantum level matrix. Energy transfer  to the molecular level powers your metabolic processes. Such is the power of intention - or prayer.




DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body. It would strike a particular frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL -- rather field like-- Emotions like anger and fear can “compress” DNA,  However, emotions like joy, gratitude and love unwind the the DNA, decompress it!

A simple emotion like FEAR can cause terrible damage to your body and mind. It will cause migraines. 



You have a choice of consuming an over the counter tablet like paracetamol or uttering a mantra with intention. The mantra heals you.  The chemical drugs ravages your liver—among many other things.

The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb.  Morphogenetic consciousness ( brahmAn ) gave the image or blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.  

There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later. 

Every cell of your body contains the creative power of the universe. Every DNA has its own melody, as energy and matter is musical in nature.  God resides within your DNA.  A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life . The human body is mainly water. Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings.

Classical science of idiot Isaac Newton ,must stick to the 5 human senses, ( at it can only unravel a miniscule percentage of cosmic phenomena ) .  Anything beyond that , especially if it is microscopic like DNA --belongs to holographic Quantum science.


We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident – a moron like Charles Darwin can never understand all this. To hell with evolution in this DNA age. The brain and DNA are governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology. Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and traits.

Each part is a whole and everything springs from the whole-- Swami Vivekananda, the Indian mystic  ( he quoted from 7000 year old Upanishads in 1903 , 45 years before the hologram was invented-- when he introduced Nikola Tesla to Akasha ( vedic  prana / ether / longitudinal scalar waves / orgone / zero point field  ).  

For the layman: An electron goes round the nucleus in a Hydrogen atom, the same way the earth goes around the sun. What keeps the electron in orbit without losing speed, or --what sustains the orbit speed and distance of the earth? Obviously this perpetual motion feeds off the ZPF field ( Zero Point Field/ Akasha / Ether  ). 

Our DNA program can be “rewritten” as an acoustic genetic code.  Today our DNA is 97%  junk DNA . We can reverse this.

Quantum Beej mantras understands that our reality is a vibratory reality - from sub nuclear level to atomic, molecular, and macro levels.  

Every thing oscillates  between two states of rest.  Everything produces a longitudinal vibration, --  a "sound of music ".



Mantras cannot be concocted or tailor-made by any recent guru or individual.  Mantras were revealed to seers and ancient masters as sound energies in the latent state- more than 12000 year ago. 

Mantras were revealed and NOT invented.  Initially they were handed over orally, and the last of them penned down 7000 years ago in Sanskrit language.   

No guru ever took favours by selling a mantra, as it was against his DHARMA —it was handed over to deserving disciples , who would offer  simple guru dakshina like flowers or fruits or simple labour as seva.

What is dharma ?

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA  VADAKAYIL




Within the sushumna (central energy channel) there are three granthis or knots that prevent the upward movement of the Kundalini Shakti.

-- The Brahma Granthi (located in the Muladhara Chakra ) is related to the physical body, to the world of names and forms.

-- Vishnu Granthi (located between the Manipura and the Anahata Chakra) is related to the astral body and to the world of emotions.

-- Rudra Granthi (located at the Ajna Chakra) is related to the causal body and to the world of thought, ideas, visions and intuition. 







The Bija mantras are one-syllable seed sounds that, when said aloud, activate the energy of the chakras in order to purify & balance the mind & body.

When you speak the bija mantras, you resonate with the energy of the associated chakra.--as mentioned in the  Jabala Darsana Upanishad in 5000 BC.

Ham, Yam, Ram, Vam and Lam are the panch bhoota mantras.  The five elements evolve from the five tanamatras (principals); earth from gandha (smell), water from rasa (taste), fire from rupa (sight), air from sparsha (touch) and akasha from shabda (hearing). 

When sounding the bija mantras for the chakras we are connecting with the different elements. The connection with the element is created by the tongue position in the mouth and by visualising the shape of the element when sounding the mantra.



“LAM”-  Muladhara chakra 1 (root)

When properly produced, the sound LANG excites the nadis (subtle channels of energy) in the first chakra and creates a lock that prevents the downward movement of energy. LA is the sound for the earth element and NG is nada-bindu, the primal cosmic sound from which the universe manifested. Repetition of the bija manta LANG deepens concentration, giving awareness and inner strength. Its vibrations create a passage inside the Brahma Nadi. Brahma Nadi, is the subtle channel through which the Kundalini, when awakened moves from Muladhara to Sahasrara Chakra. The element associated with the Muladhara Chakra is Earth. The square is the symbol for Earth. It represents the four directions and the four dimensions.

“VAM”-  Swadisthana chakra 2 (sacral/navel)

When the bija mantra VANG is repeated the Svadhishtana Chakra is purified. The power of Varuna, an aspect of Vishnu (the sustainer of creation) is present in thebija mantra VANG. In Hindu mythology, Varuna is considered the god of all forms of the water element. When the bija mantra VANG is repeated it enhances the production and circulation of fluids in the body. The shape associated with this element is the circle, which represents the element water. Water droplets are spherical. Water is the essence of life. Almost three quarters of the human body is water, which is present in blood, mucous, urine, saliva, lymph and other fluids.

“RAM”- Manipura chakra 3 (solar plexus)

The bija mantra for this chakra is RAM sounded as RANG.  Agni is the god of fire and the acceptor of sacrifices. The ram is the vehicle of Agni. The ram is the carrier of the bija mantra RAM. The sound RANG increases the digestive fire, which enhances assimilation and absorption. It contributes to longevity, the main goal of a person motivated by this chakra. The nature of fire is to move upwards and the repetition of this mantra, when produced properly helps the upward movement of the Kundalini. The fire element in the navel region aids in the digestion and absorption of food,which supplies the whole body with vital energy. The fire element is related tohunger, thirst, sleep, lethargy and radiance (ojas). The triangle is the symbol of the fire element. Visualisation of a triangle of bright redcolour in the Manipura Chakra helps the aspirant in his/her spiritual evolution

“YAM”- Anahata chakra 4 (heart)

The bija mantra for this chakra is YAM sounded as YANG. The mantra is focused in the heart chakra. When this sound is produced properly the spiritual heart vibrates and any blocks in the cardiac region are cleared. True knowledge dawns in the consciousness and the second knot, the Vishnu Granthi, is undone, allowing energy to start to flow upward. Sounding the bija mantra YANG gives one control over air, prana and the breath. The bija mantra YANG is the sound form of the deity Vayu, the lord of the air/wind. The Anahata Chakra is associated with the six-pointed star which is made up of two triangles. The one pointing upwards symbolises Shiva, the male principal. The other triangle points downward symbolising Shakti, the female principal--stolen by the Jews.  The six-pointed star also symbolises the balancing of energy in the Heart chakra, which lies between the three chakras above it and the three chakras below it. The Anahata Chakra is associated with love and the desire for sharing and sympathy. Here energy can move upward or downward. The element associated with the Anahata Chakra is vayu (air or wind). Vayu is thevital life-giving force (prana). It aids the functions of the lungs and heart, circulating fresh oxygen and vital energy.

“HAM”- Vishudha chakra 5 (throat)

The bija mantra for this chakra is HAM sounded as HANG. The ‘H’ sound in the bija mantra HANG is produced at the back of the throat. The mantra is focused in the throat chakra. When this sound is produced properly. It vibrates the brain and causes the cerebrospinal fluid to flow more freely in the throat region.  The Vishuddha Chakra is associated with the element akasha (ether) and the sense of hearing, as well as the action of speaking. The symbol for this chakra is the crescent. The sliver crescent is the symbol of nada, pure cosmic sound. The moon implies psychic energy, clairvoyance andcommunication without words. The influence of the five elements ceases after the fifth chakra and the aspirant becomes a tattvatit, one who has gone beyond the grip of the elements.

“OM”- Ajna chakra 6 (third eye/brow)

The bija mantra AUM . The pravana, AUM, is the source of all sounds and is connected with anahata nada, the primal cosmic sound. It thus creates unity and is a combination of sun (A), moon (U), and fire (M). The third eye plays an important role in the piercing of the third knot, Rudra Granthi. When Rudra Granthi is pierced, individuality is dropped, the old ego awareness is left behind and the experience of unmanifest consciousness emerges at the Sahasrara Chakra. The symbol for this chakra is the circle with two petals on either side. A person who has reached this level of awareness has a body that constantly radiates the sound AUM. The aura of such persons enables all those who come into their presence to become calm and sensitive to the refined sound frequencies of AUM.

“ALL AH”-  Sahasrara chakra 7 (crown)


In Sanskrit the word ‘Sahasrara’, means thousand, so the Sahasrara Chakra is the ‘Lotus of the Thousand Petals’ and is located four finger-breadths above the crown of the head. When the Kundalini is raised up to the Sahasrara Chakra, the illusion of the ‘individual self’ is dissolved. According to the scriptures, the Sahasrara Chakra is the seat of the self-luminous Self, the essence of being. The sounds associated with this chakra are ALL and AH .



Houm (हौं)      
This is the beej mantra of Lord Shiva to dispel sorrow.   Ha is Siva and au is Sadasiva.

Dum (दूं)         
This is the beej mantra of Goddess Durga—to protect.

Kreem (क्रीं)
This is the beej mantra of Goddess Kali to overcome unhappiness and to arouse kundalini ( supreme life force ) .   Ka is Kali, ra is Brahman, and ee is Mahamaya. 

Hreem ( Description: http://www.rudraksha-ratna.com/images/mantra_images/BM4.gif)

This is the beej mantra of Maha maya ( consciousness ) . Ha means Siva, ra is prakriti, ee means Mahamaya.

Shreem (श्रीं)
           
This is the beej mantra of Goddess Lakshmi for prosperity and fertility.    Sha is Lakshmi, ra means wealth, ee is contentment. 

Aim (ऐं)
           
This is the beej  Mantra of Goddess Matangi ( the tantric form of Goddess Saraswati ) for learning and mastery of arts.

Klim (क्लीं)
           
This is the beej mantra for Lord Krishna to acquire happiness..  La means lord of the senses. Ee means  satisfaction.  bring happiness and sorrow.

Hoom Description: http://www.rudraksha-ratna.com/images/mantra_images/BM8.gif

This is a beej matra ofShiva.   Ha is Siva, and u is Bhairava.  

 Gam (गं)
This is the beej mantra for Lord Ganeshaa to overcome unhappiness..  Ga means Ganesha, and bindu is the dispeller of sorrow.

Glaum-           
This is a beej matra of Ganesha.  Ga means Ganesha, la means that which pervades, au means luster or brilliance, and bindu is the dispeller of sorrow.

Kshroum (क्ष्रौं)-       

This is the beej mantra of Lord Narasimha for overcoming grief.  Ksha is Narasimha, ra is Brahma, au means with teeth pointing upwards, and bindu means dispeller of sorrow. 

HLREEM-   This is the beej mantra of Goddess Bagalamukhi  (Pitambara / Brahmastra rupini ) . The addition of the la-sound to the mantra Hreem gives it the power to stop things.  This mantra is to stop all internal foes--in the form of fears, doubts, worries, ego, etc.   And to paralyze external foes: those who wish to do you harm to you in some way, especially in the form of speech and written word. Bagalamukhi is the secret presence of the opposite wherein each thing is dissolved back into the Unborn and the Uncreated.




Words like namaaha, svaaha, svadha, vashat, voushat, hum and phat are joined to the bijas. 

These words either depict the mental state of a seeker at the time of chanting the mantra or whatever he wishes to achieve... Their implied meanings are as follows.

A. Namaaha    : The serene state of the antahkaran   appeasing the deity of the mantra by surrendering to it.
B. Svaaha        : Destruction of harmful energy, appeasing the deity of the mantra with offerings.
C. Svadha       : Self-contentment, strengthening oneself
D. Vashat        : A spiritual emotion of destroying the enemy
E. Voushat      : To create conflicts or opposition among enemies,  to acquire power and wealth
F. Hum            : Anger and courage, to frighten one’s enemy
G. Phat            : A spiritual emotion of attacking the enemy, to drive the enemy away.


Digression: There are too many FAKE godmen on the internet.





Example?-

I find Dattatreya Siva Baba ( Baskaran Pillai )-- ABOVE -- teaching all FAKE beej mantras and bullshit Hindusim as a Youtube guru.   To sound respectable he uses the buzzword QUANTUM often. 

Hey, godman -- I know that you will read this message -- STOP IT ! 

In between the white invader injected poison into our beej mantras using  Raja Ram Mohan Roy –  wanna see an example?

1. Brahman : rhim
2. Kshatriya : shrim
3. Vaishya : klim
4. Shudra : aim

They made beej mantra for the FAKE and non-existent RADHA too.

TEEE HEEEEE !

Getting back-

Two or more beejas are sometimes combined. This results in greater diversity, in the energy of the mantra .

Example: rheem shreem, kreem  is a conjoined bijamantra.  All the three bijas are various forms of the same energy - rheem = the Great Illusion (Maya),  shreem = Lakshmi and kreem = Kali.   Thus these 3 beejas represent creation, sustenance and destruction respectively.

Energy of beej mantra frequency activates requisite chakras and channelizes nadis.

 Mantras concluding with words like ‘hum, phat’ are masculine mantras. Such mantras help in vanquishing enemies or in changing the minds of others. Mantras of the Sun deity are masculine mantras.

Mantras concluding with words like tham, svaha or svadha are feminine mantras.  Many such mantras are useful in curing illnesses.  Mantras of the moon are feminine mantras.

Mantras ending with ‘namaha’ are considered as neutral mantras. Such mantras are used to fulfill some desire.

The modern world has woken up to the potential of using  the power of longitudinal wave sound vibration . Our ancient maharishis  used sound in its gross and subtle states to penetrate the planes of human consciousness and to reach brahmAn.  

As I said, beej mantras are seed mantra.  Each deity has a specific beej mantra.  At the first instance it stops the chatter of mind. Conscious repetition will morph into unconscious repetition.  



Beej mantras for Ganesh, Vishnu, Hanuman, Lakshmi and Saraswathi can be practiced by any one. But for Devi sadhanas where every syllable matters, caution needs to be exercised. For example wrong utterance of Kali mantra can have adverse effects.




Bijamantras of the five cosmic elements (panchamahabhutas)
1. Prithvi (absolute earth) : lam
2. Apa (absolute water) : vam
3. Tej (absolute fire) : ram
4. Vayu (absolute air) : yam
5. Akash (absolute ether) : ham, kham



The entire human brain is mapped with these Beej mantras.  




 Hence to cure any problem or optimize any specific property in an individual can easily be achieved by the use of these Beej Mantras.



Almost every Tantric chant is based on Beej Mantras.   

The uses of mantra is divided into six categories

1. SHANTIKARAN : These mantras deal with the cure of diseases and warding off the malefic effects of the planets.

I will give examples later.

2.VASHI KARAN : Through these mantras one can put under one's control any woman, man, officer, minister, devta, soul, animal, etc. and can fulfill your wishes.

XXXXXX.

3. STAMBHAN : These mantras are used to stop all the persons, souls, devtas, etc. from doing any harm to you.

"Om namah bhagvate shatrunam budhi stambam kuru kuru swaha".

4. VIDESHAN : these mantras are used for creating differences between two or many individuals.

XXXXX.

5. UCHCHATTAN : These mantras deal with distraction of the mind of the enemy so that they may remain away from their country, birthplace, residence, work and family members. It is also used if the sadhak wants a person to remain at war with others.

XXXXXXXX.



6. MARAN : These are death inflicting mantras through which you can kill anybody at any distance without disclosing your identity. ( if you have 12 strand DNA this works instantly ) 

XXXXXXX.



A Beej Mantra is the shortest form of a Mantra just like a beej (seed) which when sown grows into a huge tree.   Similarly beej mantras of different Gods, when recited together emanate positive energy .  They are harmonious resonant vibrations which reprogram the DNA and drive the chakras . 



Lord Shiva has his abode in the cities of their fathers-in-law. While Siva lives in Kailasa, His consort is Parvati the daughter of Parvata raja.   Lord Vidhanu resides in the Ksheera Sagara, His consort is the daughter of Ksheera Sagara.



Goddess Varahi has the the head of a sow, and is the shakti (feminine energy) of Varaha, the boar Avatar of the god Vishnu.




Punch into Google search-

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL



Lord Krishna moola mantra --for harmony in home.
om kleem krishnaya namah
ॐ क्लीं कृष्णाय नमः



Lord Ayyapan ( 9th avatar of Vishnu ) Moola Mantra. 
om hruum namah paraya gopthe 

ॐ ह्रूम नमः पराया गोप्थे

Vibrations of mantras  reach the subconscious level where our karmic patterns are stored. The practice of mantra increases concentration, memory, purifies our heart and helps erase the effects of past karma. Proper recitation of mantras and chants helps invoke the latent power within us .


A mantra holds  mystical energy encased in a sound carrier structure.  Every mantra contains within its vibration a certain power.   Upon concentration and repetition of a given mantra, its energy is liberated and takes form.



Above : Om Namah Shivaya is a mantra found in the 7000 year old Yajur Veda .


Beej (Seed) mantras act directly on the nerves of astral body.  The other type of mantras, having a combination of words, and having some meaning  set up powerful vibrations in the body.



Above: Mantra:  hare krishna hare krishna krishna krishna hare hare hare rama hare rama rama rama hare hare

If you say HAARE it means LOSER .

How many of you know —

THERE WAS A SECRET INQUISITION IN GOA ( INDIA ) .   

IF YOU WERE CAUGHT CHANTING A MANTRA THE PUNISHMENT WAS TORTURE TILL DEATH.




Punch into Google search-

PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER  VADAKAYIL

 

The white invader has murdered tantra. Tantra has NOTHING to do with Kamasutra or sex.  Tantra is instant manifestation and one of the tools is beej mantras.

Tantric sadhanas yielded  results on the spot with maharishis who had 12 strand DNA.   A mortal with a 12 strand DNA , NIL junk and a king sized pineal gland is faster than a rocket, while the one with 2 strand 97% junk and atrophied / calcified pineal gland is slower than a snail.

It is demeaning to view a Tantric, the master of the senses and physical matter as a slave of the senses and material accomplishments.

In Tantra you have to abide by the rules. Fake gurus will cause you immense harm as most actions are irreversible.

Tantra was evolved by seers for the benefit of mankind, to evolve, to achieve perfection and liberation - freedom from the vicious circle of senses and maya.  No tantric practice involves any ritual of harming another being by means of bali or sacrifice. Rather it is about self conquest, conquering your desires and mastering yourself, strengthening your weakness. 

Many tantrics talk about panch-makaras or 5 elementary practices viz. madya, mansa, matsya, mudra and maithuna.

Only an idiot will hold the chair above his head when told to “take a chair”. But then all this poison has been deliberately injected by the white invader.

As in Tantra the practices and techniques are generally described allegorically or symbolically, panch-makaras are not to be taken literally. The Guru deciphers the symbols and techniques and gives an insight to the disciple of such practices.

- Madya which literally means wine or intoxication actually stands for the nectar which drips from bindu visarg when deeper practices and pranayamas are performed.

- Matsya represents movement of prana through Ida and Pingala nadis as a result of the practice of pranayamas. Ida and Pingala criss cross like the movement of fish ( fish tailing ) , which stands for matsya. They establish balance in the body for Kundalini, the serpent power to move in Sushumna nadi.

- Mudra is gesture/posture, and here it stands for Khechari mudra, where tongue is rolled up to touch the soft palette, which releases pranic energy to reach the bindu from where the nectar drips. Some tantrics also believe it to be dhanya, cereal.

- Mansa or meat is generally understood as offering meat - animal or human sacrifice but tantra is far away from such practices which inflict even slightest amount of pain to any being. Bali or sacrifice actually means offering what you have or what you are. You cannot control a single moment of your life, a single breath, so how can you offer life of another being who does not belong to you. Bali is offering what is yours and even your own body is not yours, you possess only one thing and that is your ichcha/desire. 

So mansa symbolises sacrificing yourself by winning over your desires. Before the white invader came to India NONE of our temples has any form of blood sacrifice. 



The whole idea of breaking a coconut is a BLOODLESS sacrifice.

Punch into Google search-
THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT  COCONUT BREAKING VADAKAYIL



- Maithuna which is misunderstood to be sexual intercourse is actually the union of purush and prakriti. It is not physical union of a male and a female but the purush and prakriti aspects of a being, Shiva and Kundalini, the ultimate state of dhyan called samadhi and it requires complete control over your physical senses.

By attainment of mudra and pranayama (matsya), the nectar is obtained, winning over the desire (mansa/bali) induces the state of union or maithuna, the ultimate objective of tantra/yoga, where no distinction remains between physical elements of nature.

In Hindu temples everybody is quick the point out statues of vulgar and immoral sex. 

If they look carefully, the retribution has been cleverly DELETED by the white invader to make the Hindu self loathing for easier conversions .   



Above: Somebody is losing his head for putting his prick into the wrong hole.  

There is a big difference in the top and bottom pictures, right? 

The soldier with the sword would be smashed up by the white invader.




A lot of perverted sex scenes were added / inserted by the white invader by using sculptors and then back dated.

Once my wife alerted me to a Hindi serial on TV, where Parvati  is putting meat on the Shiva Lingam, and Shiva says it is OK .  Shiva rejects her flowers as it was NOT offered with intention.  Nowadays you will find that most of such Hindusim serials are produced by Christians.

Every day you will find an article on Hinduism in Times of India , giving all vulgar bull— even asking insinuating and titillating questions —why did Lakshman go to the forest with Ram?, WHY Lord Krishna did NOT marry Draupadi etc etc— with vulgar comments , mostly coming from Pakistani Islamic hasbaras..

Regarding Gail Tredwell’s book— the entire main stream media world wide and in India ignored the vulgar accusations against Mata Amritanandamayi — and this included Wikipedia who usually revels in Hindus bashing.  

But we has a Malayalam TV channel  PEOPLE TV ( owned by atheist Communist Marxists)  showing the saint in VERY poor light, with a Syrian Christian raging in a rabid manner.  Main stream media gives prime space to Amish Tripati,  Devdutt Pattanaik etc.

Punch into Google search-

HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE  VADAKAYIL



A mantra has six parts.

AAA-It has a founder seer (drashta ) to whom it was revealed for the first time and who gave this Mantra to this planet.  Maharishi Viswamitra is the seeri for Gayatri Mantra which is whispered into the ear at upanayanam.

BBB-It has a digital metre (Chandas), which governs the inflection of the voice.  When chanting a Mantra, it is extremely important not to change the raga and its key, because the rate of vibration on which the sound is based on integral part of the Mantra.

There are several Chandas. The seven main ones are:
Gayatri: 3 padas of 8 syllables containing 24 syllables in each stanza.
Ushnuk : 4 padas of 7 syllables containing 28 syllables in each stanza.
Anustubh: 4 padas of 8 syllables containing 32 syllables in each stanza. This is the typical shloka of classical Sanskrit poetry
Brihati : 4 padas (8 + 8 + 12 + 8) containing 36 syllables in each stanza.
Pankti : 4 padas (sometimes 5 padas) containing 40 syllables in each stanza.
Tristubh: 4 padas of 11 syllables containing 44 syllabes in each stanza
Jagati: 4 padas of 12 syllables containing 48 syllables in each stanza

CCC- The mantra has a particular Devata or supernatural being, higher or lower, as its informing power. This devata is the presiding deity of the Mantra.  It is the wisdom that comes from a higher source and is like a single beam of sunlight. One beam that is singled out and given a name so that the disciple can develop a personal relationship with and worship on aspect of God of personal choice , that he  can understand and experience.

DDD- The mantra has got a Beeja or seed. The seed is a significant word, or series of words, which gives a special power to the Mantra. The Beeja is the essence of the Mantra. This represents the sound string defined by the Seers as being the repository of auditory energy sources. The Beeja gives the mantra in which it is used, its special power of self-generation and effects. Just as within a seed is hidden within tree, so too, the energy of the mantra is resident in the seed on which it is based. This helps the mantra to manifest itself into spiritual consciousness. 

EEE- Every mantra has got a Shakti. The power, the consciousness, within the mantra is 'Shakti' - the Divine Mother, the goddess of the spoken word. The male aspect of the God is energy in a state of equilibrium; the female aspect is the dynamic energy, which manifests as Creation. This energy is the source of creation of all living beings. In the mantra this energy is present in a pure form. The potency of the mantra is realized through repetitions, until the individual chanting the same, feels the presence of God. This is a spiritual experience, which the Mantras help to bring about.

FFF- The mantra has a Kilaka - pillar or pin. This plugs the Mantra-Chaitanya ( consciousness ) that is hidden in the Mantra.  As soon as the plug is removed by constant and prolonged repetition of the Name, the Chaitanya that is hidden is revealed. The devotee gets Darshana of the Ishta Devata.  

The power of the mantra takes on a self generating 'flywheel motion' ( rather domino effect ) , the Kilaka becomes a very fine thread joining the discipline to the mantra, to the power of the mantra, to the Guru and to the deity, until all are manifest as one.

Kilaka (Devanagari: ) means (1) a pin that holds separate papers together; (2) It can be like a bolt that is used to lock something which is guarded like a secret chamber or part; (3) It is the wedge between two members of the same thing. In mantra śāstra some mantra have a ‘kīlakam’ which can take either of the forms described above.

There is yet another meaning of the word kīlaka which is a pillar to which the cows are tied with a rope. The cow can move around within the circle created by the rope tied to the pillar. In mantra shastra, the praṇava OM is the natural kīlakam around which the mantra runs in circles.

The word utkilana is applied to some of the mantra where the kilakam is implied to be a bolt or lock which needs to be unlocked by the addition of a secret syllable.

Dasakari (ten-syllable Gopāla mantra) taught by Parasara to his astrology students- -
गोपिजन-वल्लभाय स्वाहा
gopijana-vallabhāya svāhā

However this mantra has a “double kilakakam”. It is used to tether the cows – implying the mind of the student (sadhaka).

Kīlakam (1) The pillar is the secret beeja mantra called kāma-bīja: क्लीं (klīṁ). Unless this is received from the mouth of the guru with the specific intention of working as a pillar for the dasaksari Gopala mantra, it does not act as a pillar and is just another sound. The mantra then is recited as –

क्लीं गोपिजन-वल्लभाय स्वाहा
klīṁ gopijana-vallabhāya svāhā

Kīlakam (2) However, if we were to recite the mantra as written above then it changes from dasaksari (ten syllable) to eleven syllable mantra due to the addition of the kāma bīja ‘klīṁ’ and will fail to give siddhi. The utkīlana or unlocking lies in the secret upadeśa of the लुप्त बीज (lupta bīja).


A shloka is a couplet or a verse that consists of two lines. A Purana contains many slokas, The shortest purana is the Markandeya Purana with 900,000 shlokas. The longest is the Skanda Purana, which is 8,100,000 shlokas. An average Purana has between 1.5 to 2 million shlokas.

The repetition of the Panchakshara Mantra - Om Namo Sivaya - produces the form of Lord Siva. The repetition of Om Namo Narayanaya, the Ashtakshara Mantra of Vishnu, produces the form of Vishnu.
The mental repetition of a mantra is termed Manasika Japa.  Loud repetition is called Vaikhari Japa. The loud Japa shuts out all worldly sounds.  Repetition in a whisper is termed Upamshu Japa.  

Even mechanical repetition of Japa without any Bhava has a great purifying effect on the heart or the mind. The feeling will come later on when the process of mental purification goes on.

Take a bath  before sitting for Japa. Face east or north during mantra chanting . This enhances the efficacy of the Japa.  Sit on a deer skin or rug. Spread a piece of cloth over it. This conserves body-static electricity.  Sit in a separate meditation room or in a temple, on a river bank or under a banyan / peepul tree.
Maintain a steady pose.  Attain mastery of the posture. You must be able to sit in Padmasana, Siddhasana or Sukhasana for three hours at a stretch.



Do not allow the rudraksha mala to hang below the navel. Keep the hand near the heart or the nose. The mala must not be visible to you or to others. Cover it with a towel or handkerchief, which must be clean and washed daily. Use the middle finger and the thumb of the right to roll the beads. The use of the index finger is prohibited. Do not cross the meru while rolling the beads. Turn back when you come to it.

Do not do the Japa in a hurried manner. Do it slowly with feeling, one-pointedness of mind and single-minded devotion. Pronounce the Mantra distinctly and without any mistakes. Repeat it neither too slowly nor too fast. Increase the speed only when the mind wanders. Stand up when sleep tries to overpower you.

Try to associate the Japa with the rhythm of the breath . Keep a picture or idol of the Deity in front of you. Never mind the stupid people ( pricks really ) called rationalists , who think that all this is superstition.

Think of the meaning of the Mantra while repeating it. Regularity in Japa Sadhana is most essential if success is to be achieved. Sit in the same place and at the same time every day.  Avoid distractions-and this means put the mobile phone to silent mode.



Below: Listen with headphones--  16 lettered Tantric Shodashakshari mantra--  Ka Ye E La Hrim Ha Sa Ka La Hrim Sa Ka La Hrim Shrim.  



If the last Shrim is dropped then it is called Panchadashakshari Mantra (15 lettered mantra.. 

Tantric mantras are always followed or preceded by rituals, worship and prayers.  Tantra has two methods. One is called vama marga or ‘left hand method’ and the other is called dakshina marga or the ‘right hand method’.

Punch into Google search-
TANTRA , LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM, FORBIDDEN RAZOR'S EDGE VAMACHARA VADAKAYIL.



In Kerala we additionally had the double edged Kaula Marga sampradaya running strong in Bhadrakali temples..  Hreem - Shreem - Kreem - Kloum - Soum -as its primodial form of tantric SHAKTI deities, which existed thousands of years before Lord Parashurama came to Kerala from Saraswati river with his band of Namboodiris 6000 years ago.


The normal number of times a mantra is recited is 3, 11, 21, 27, 54 and 108 or more.  "Wrathful" deities should not be invoked with "Svaha," only with "Namah," , unless the Guru instructs otherwise.  Certain mantras  induce an altered state of consciousness .

Texts Followed in Kaula System of Kerala:-
Kularnava Tantra
Maha Nirvahana Tantra
Sakthi Tantra
Tantra manchiri


Tantra uses mediums of sounds (dhwani) in the form of mantras and diagrammatic representations of these sounds called yantras in specific procedures.




To hell with Joshua Project 2 funded desh drohi rationalists who call Hindu sound mantras superstition. 

Where there is vibration, there is sound and vice versa.  Modern science has slowly begun to realize the benefits of sound mantras used in Ayurveda fore body cell rejuvenation. 

While literally everything is vibrating, different things vibrate at different rates or frequencies. Some frequencies are perceived as light, some as sound, some as color, and some as solid matter. The rate at which something vibrates determines how dense it is and what we perceive it to be.  



In Kerala temples drumming is a tradition—NOT for pleasure but is used to alter consciousness, to entrain the  brain waves to the alpha state (8-13 hertz). The sound waves produced by the drum impart their energy to the resonating systems of the body, mind, and spirit, making them vibrate in sympathy. 

When we drum, our living flesh, brainwaves, and spiritual energy centers begin to vibrate in response. The various frequencies of the drum interact with our own resonant frequencies, forming new harmonic alignments. 

Entrainment is an aspect of resonance.  



We use entrainment in Pranayama . Slowing down your breathing will slow down your heartbeat and brain waves, and slowing down your brain waves will correspondingly slow down heart rate and respiration. 

Triple Sri Ravishankar’s FAKE hyperventilation damages the human system. 

Entrainment is an active process, whereas resonance is more passive. Entrainment changes the vibrations (the frequency or rhythm) of one object to another rate. There is a natural tendency in nature toward harmony and it requires AMAZINGLY MINISCULE  less energy to entrain and vibrate harmoniously, than it does to remain out of step. 

Below: Kerala temples drums-- listen with head phones for entrainment. This traditional beat is thousands of years old.



Put another way, it is easier to cooperate than to oppose. When an organ or energy channel or some other aspect of the body/mind is vibrating out of tune with the whole, creating dissonance, we call this "disease," and we want to restore harmony as per Ayurveda.

In my vision is see healing effects of drumming on Alzheimer's patients, autistic children, emotionally disturbed epileptic  teens etc. There are NIL side effects.  

Modern medicine must realize that on a molecular level, our bodies are systems of vibrating atomic particles. We are living receivers and transmitters of sound vibration. We can use sound frequencies to vibrate matter and promote healing and regeneration of the different body systems. 

These frequencies also shift etheric patterning to heal the emotional and mental causes of disease. Each individual has their own vibrational frequency, in sickness and in health, and energetic or vibrational medicine can restore and support harmony in the body and mind.

As per 6000 year old Ayurveda the human body is a symphony of sounds. Every chakra, every organ, every bone, every tissue, every cell has its own resonant frequency, its own sound.

Below: Thrissur pooram-- elephants create a field of consciousness.



Dissonant sounds create disharmony -- rifts between the individual and her environment, as well as within the body's own frequencies. If 10 tuning forks tuned to the same frequency are lined up together and one is struck, they will all begin to reverberate together. This is resonance. 

However, if you strike a tuning fork of a different frequency and place it near the others, they will all stop. This is dissonance.

Every Beej mantra creates a huMMMMMMMM.   

It doesn't need to be loud, but just enough to feel its vibrations in your own body. You will find the resonant frequencies that will make you feel better, and the dissonant sound you can't escape from will cease to bother you.

Today they use sound to regenerate atrophied internal organs.  Lithotripsy is a procedure that uses shock waves to break up stones in the kidney, bladder, or ureter . After the procedure, the tiny pieces of stones pass out of your body in your urine.



Sound frequencies have been used to stimulate new cellular growth, resolve tumors, dissolve calcium deposits, stimulate new neurological development, deliver nourishment, detoxify, resolve paralysis, remove plaque and tooth decay, act as a carrier frequency to deliver higher forms of knowledge and information, even scan and harvest information.  Sonocytology is the study of cell sounds. 

Below:  Superstition? -- my ass !



Dead cells emitted a low rumbling like radio static. Distinguishing between the sound signatures of healthy and diseased cells WILL be a part of the medicine of the future.

In the sixth fetal month, life inside the womb is full of sounds that the ear is capable of hearing. The uterus resounds with the sounds of the heart beating (approximately 50-60 beats per minute) and the blood swooshing through the arteries, the wavelike cadence of the breath (approximately 1,215 cycles per minute), and the external sounds and voices muted by the amniotic fluid. 

Before we are even born, we are attuned to the rhythms and sounds around us.




Absolute silence can even be called absolute sound because both relative sound and relative silence derive their existence in the absolute.

Below : See the video about Christianity complaining about PAGAN AND DANGEROUS Hinduism. 

Did Hinduism offer sops?  Did Hinduism use the sword ? 

OH YEAH ?



As per our 7000 year old Vedas sound creates, organizes and forms all the basic fundamental shapes found throughout the known universe. We referred to these forms as Yantras. Sri Yantra is a sacred geomentry which holds the TOE.
  
Sound operates through the law of Resonance. Resonance eliminates the limitations of the "sender and receiver dynamic." Resonance is where two become one, where minds join. Resonance is, in itself, a state of awareness and experiential knowing far beyond concept and mental, cognitive thinking. On the vibration field-form-body-time level, resonance is the experiential state of Oneness.

Sound has the ability to affect whatever forms it comes into contact with by exposing that form to a different rate of frequency vibration.

Sound has the ability to bring this place back into Oneness by changing its rate of vibration through sympathetic vibration - Resonance. Depending on the frequencies being used, sound vibratory resonance can facilitate accessing a state of understanding and knowing without the need for limits, fears and defenses. 

Sound waves can travel below the order of mental cognitive defense structures and deliver a deeper experiential state of harmony. Resonance is not a mental idea. It is a visceral knowing-feeling state beyond question. We call this Sound Frequency Healing.

The cells function and formulate according to a fluid resonance-movement. If you see a animated video of systemic resonance inside a cell ( below ), you will know what harmony is .



We are holistic beings: not a sum of our parts.  Each point within our hologram contains all of the information of the whole. The complete blueprint for our existence is contained and infinitely accessible in every one of our cells.  

Therefore, for any healing to be complete, it needs to take place at all levels – the body, the mind and the spirit. The smallest particles known to man are vibrations.  Thoughts are vibrations.  Words are vibrations.  Sounds are vibrations.  Light is a vibration.  Our planet is a vibration. 

Our entire universe and everything within it (seen and unseen) is a vibrating mass of atoms and subatomic particles. If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect).

Our positive beliefs and intentions act to enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy primarily produced by the heart, vascular system and supercoil DNA.



The human body is mostly fluid .  Dr. Masaru Emoto’s work shows how sound structures the water into coherent geometric shapes:



Don’t bother about goooood Mother Teresa and baaaaad Hitler crystals — see the dire need to inject FALSE propaganda even in science experiments .    Mother Teresa was NOT so holy and Hitler was NOT so evil as tom tommed by Big Brother’s main stream media..

In Ayurvedic healing and vedic spiritual traditions, specific mono syllable seed sounds -- beeja mantras were developed to create balance and harmony in the human body, mind and soul.  Each and every part of our body functions at a specific rhythm and pulse and when all our systems are balanced and tuned with each other we experience perfect harmony and health.  

On the other hand, any imbalance in our body can lead to mental, physical or emotional dis-ease.   Sound therapy is a very effective way to heal and rejuvenate ourselves as every cell in our body is mainly composed of water which makes them excellent sound resonators—using primordial language of single syllable seed (beeja) mantras.


Sound vibrations are intimately connected to our “prana” or “life energy”.  Quantum Physics has seconded our Vedas and proved that our "universe" is being projected through thought-sound frequencies based on our perception. 



Mind thinks in two ways. One is linear thinking and another is associative thinking. IQ is associated with linear thinking and EQ is associated with associative thinking. Japa breaks both these circuits and allows the mind to be in state of rest and awareness. It gives the mind wakeful rest.



When a mantra is chanted , it vibrates the brain matter and connects new neural circuits. This effect comes after repeating the mantra for a long period of time and bringing in the resonance effect in the brain.  For this the seers developed various methods.   How much a mantra is to be chanted and how it is to be chanted etc.  were all given in the Mantra Shastra (Scripture of Mantras).   

Puranas are 18 in number.  There are many mantras given in these 18 puranas penned down 7000 year ago.  Mantras derived from puranas are called Pauranic Mantras.








Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .



Below:  Here is the conclusion of the SOMAYAGAM at Calicut my hometown, 3 weeks ago. Baba Ramdev had attended. The soulless atheist Rothschild Kerala Communist media , and the Rothschild Kerala Syrian Christian media were crying hoarse over superstition --  but immaculate conception and walking on water is passe-- TEE HEEEE !   The communists cremate their dead bodies and immerse their ashes on the quiet - PSSSST !

Yagasala offered to Agni fulfilling -- "Om Agnaye Swaha, Idam Agnaye idam na Mama"





The yagashala is burnt at the end of the ceremony.  Stonehenges are ONE time use yagashalas.

Punch into Google search-

STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL

Below:  Agnihotra





Agnihotra Mantra to be recited at sunrise:
"Sooryaya Svaha Sooryaya Idam Na Mama", add the first portion of rice.

to the Sun i offer this oblation
this is for the Sun and not for me alone

"Prajapataye Svaha, Prajapataye Idam Na Mama", add second portion of rice this completes morning agnihotra
to the Creator i offer this oblation
this is for the Creator and not for me alone

Agnihotra Mantra to be recited at sunset:

"Aganaye Svaha, Agnaaye Idam Na Mama" add first portion of rice.

"Prajapataye Svaha, Prajapataye Idam Na Mama" add second portion of rice this completes evening agnihotra.


Punch into Google search-

AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL





Mantras on Agni:
Mantram Agni: - Rg Veda I.001.01-1.001.09

"Om Agním īle puróhitam Yajñásya devám rtvíjam Hótāram ratnadhātamam
Om Agníh pûrvebhir ŕsibhir Idyo nûtanair utá Sá devâm éhá vakṣati
Om Agnínā rayím aśnavat Pósam evá divé-dive Yaśásam vīrávattamam
Om Agne yám yajñám adhvarám Viśvátah paribhûr ási Sá íd devésu gachati
Om Agnír hótā kavíkratuh Satyáś citráśravastamah Devo devebhir a gamat
Om Yád angá dāśúse tuvám Agne bhadrám karisyási Távét tát satyám angirah
Om Upa tvāgne divé-dive Dósāvastar dhiyâ vayám Námo bháranta émasi
Om Râjantam adhvarânām Gopâm rtásya dîdivim Várdhamānam suvé dáme
Om Sá nah pitéva sūnáve Agne sūpāyanó bhava Sácasvā nah suastáye"

"Om Vaisvanara ya vidhmahe Lalela ya dhimahi
Tannoh agnih pracodayat" - Narayana Upanishad 1.82

"Om Agne naya supatha raye asman Visvani deva vayunani vidvan"
Yuyodhyasmaj juhuranam eno Bhuyis thamte nama uktim vidhema" - Rig Veda 1.189.1


Pradhaana Homa (Homa-karana Mantra) - Yajur Veda, III:7-8

Praatah Kaal Aahuti:

"Om Súryo jyotir jyotih súrya sváhá.
Om Súryo varcho jyotir varchah sváhá.
Om Jyotih súryah súryo jyotih sváhá.
Om Sajúrdevena savitrá sajúr ushasendra vatyá jushánah súryovetu sváhá."

Saayang Kaal Aahuti:

"Om Agnir jyotir jyotih agnir sváhá
Om Agnir varcho jyotir varchah sváhá.
Om Agnir jyotir jyotir agnir sváhá.
Om Sajúrdevena savitrá sajú ratryendra vatyá jusháno agnirvetu sváhá" - Yajur Veda, III:9-10


"Om Yaam medhaam deva ganaah pitarash chopaasate
Tayaa maa madya medhayaagne medhaavinam kuru svaahaa" - Yajur Veda, 32.1.4

"Om Vishvaani deva savitar duritaani paraasuva
yad bhadram tanna aasuva svaahaa" - Yajur Veda, 30.3.

"Om Agne naya supathaa raaye asmaan vishwaani deva vayunaani vidwaan

Yuyodyasmaj juhuraanam eno bhooyishthaan to nama uktim vidhema svaahaa" - Rig Veda 1.189.1


In a agnihotra homam—after each and every mantra , rice grains are tossed into the sacred fire uttering the potent word SWAHA – please accept my offering.

"Swaha" of "Svaha" is a grateful tribute to the devas (gods and goddess) requesting their blessings, empowerment etc .

So for a general purpose when we just wish to chant a mantra to please god we use Namah - means I bow to you O lord.

When we do chanting for removing some negativity or to get a boon from god we use the word Swaha. With swaha mantra you have to sacrifice something.

So for example if we chant Shani mantra as “Om Sri Shanaishwaraya Namaha” , it will be for general purpose.


If we say “Om Sri Shanaishwaraya Swaha”, it has to be chanted with proper rituals and will work to remove any problem given by Saturn .




Mantra for protection of pregnancy:-
Om Rudra Bhi Drava Ho, Ha Ha Ha Hoo Ka
Om Hreem Uljalya Thah Thah Om Hreem





Om Sarva Swaroope Sarveshe Sarvshakti Samanvite, Bhayebhyastrahino Devi Durge Devi Namostute

Durga mantra to get rid of FEAR and anxiety.

Below:-- Lakshmi mantra:-- 
 Om Shreem Hreem Shreem Kamale Kamalaleyi Praseed Praseed Om Shreem Hreem Shreem Mahalaxmiyei Namaha





The Dharmasāstra claims Gāyatri mantra derived from Rig Veda verse 3.62.10, and the Purușasūkta mantra from Rig Veda verse 10.90 are two of the most auspicious mantras for japa at sunrise and sunset; it is claimed to purify the mind and spirit

Taittiriya Upanishad clearly points out 6 elements of pronunciation with regard to vedic mantras.:-

Varna or alphabet (or in general syllable)
Swara or intonation of each syllable
Maatra or duration of uttering each syllable
Balam or stress on each syllable
Saama or the balance of chanting (the tune of entire mantra)
Santana or the continuity in pronouncing
Mistakes and their Effects



WE had a 7000 year old mantra as our school prayer (. Taittiriya Upanishad 2.2.2 )
*********************************************************************
NARENDRA MODI, THE MAN DESTINED TO UNITE INDIA AND CAUSE ALL TO PULL IN THE SAME DIRECTION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
NARENDRA MODI , DESTINY'S CHILD





COULD THE SMALL BOY IN THE VIDEO BELOW BE THE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA ?


                                    YES ! 










WE THANK MESSIAH NARENDRA MODI FOR GIVING US HOPE -  

AFTER 800 YEARS  !

( a man of humble origins - a child tea seller in trains , whose mother worked as a domestic help --)  

BUT A GREAT DESH BHAKT LEADER WITH SPIRIT ! 





ABOVE: At the age of 17 , low caste Narendra Modi  wandered in the frozen Himalayas without money and with two sets of tattered cotton clothes, for 3 years , till he found  his own answers .  



He then suddenly decided to give up hermit life and returned home. 

He is now more than a king..




Above: You need a Chinese visa to see the soul of India today.   The mountain above Mount Kailash, was ours since the world began.   In 20 years we shall take it back.

The entire Zionist big brother funded main stream media is against Narendra Modi — but it is the Internet age, remember? 

Under Narendra Modi’s strong leadership India will overtake USA as world’s NO 1 superpower in less than 20 years—

But more importantly he will UNITE India –  we have always been ruled by people who did DIVIDE AND RULE to grab power , for the past 800 years . .

MORE HINDUS HAVE BEEN EXTERMINATED THAN ANY OTHER RELIGION OR RACE -- 

MORE THAN 90 MILLION IN 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY ..

THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA (  OWNED BY SUPARI TAKERS / BENAMI INDIAN FRONTS ) WILL NEVER EVER TALK ABOUT THIS  .

Punch into Google search-

THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE VADAKAYIL





THIS BLOGSITE IS NOT A HINDUTVA SITE -

BUT IS A DESH BHAKT SITE , FOR EVERY INDIAN ( MUSLIM / CHRISTIAN / SIKH etc ) WHO IS "INDIAN FIRST"---   AND WHOSE HEART BLEEDS FOR THIS ANCIENT WOUNDED LAND OF SPIRITUALITY AND WISDOM .







THE RICHEST LAND ON THE PLANET WHICH WAS REDUCED TO THE POOREST BY THE WHITE INVADER IN 250 YEARS FLAT -- 

--- WITH OUR ANCIENT SCRIPTURES INJECTED WITH POISON--

-- AND OUR ANCIENT INTELLECTUAL WEALTH STOLEN AND PATENTED ..








Our supari fed foreign funded Indian main stream media , will never report that 1.3 million Indians were sold as slaves using the immoral euphemism of INDENTURED LABOUR.

Punch into Google search-

THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED  VADAKAYIL








JAI HIND !





The entire desh drohi foreign controlled Indian main stream media LIED to besmirch Narendra Modi’s image, but it had just the reverse effect.  



The Modi ripple surely and steadily became a wave and then metamorphosed to a tsunami ( for wiping away all evil ).



India will soon see the day - -

WHERE A LEADER IS GUIDED BY SPIRIT.

WHERE A LEADER IS RATIFIED IN OUR HEARTS AND MINDS .

WHERE A LEADER’S MATURITY IS DEFINED AS HIS ABILITY TO FOCUS ON IMPORTANT THINGS

WHERE LEADERSHIP IS INSPIRATIONAL AND MORAL

WHERE THERE IS NO INNER COTERIE AND INNER SANCTUM FOR CLIQUES



WHERE CABINET SLOTS ARE FOR CAPABLE MEN , NOT YES MEN

WHERE LEADERSHIP IS NOT AN EGO GAME

WHERE THE AIM OF A DEBATE IS PROGRESS NOT VICTORY , AS PER HINDU DHARMA.

WHERE LEADERS BRING OUT THE BEST IN THE REST




WHERE CREDIBILITY STEMS FROM DEEDS , NOT WORDS

WHERE  PLAYING FIELD GETS TILTED FOR NONE 




WHERE EVEN UNPOPULAR DECISIONS MAKE GOOD SENSE

WHERE TIME AND ENERGY IS ALWAYS MADE FOR THINGS WHICH MATTER

WHERE FREEDOM OF THOUGHT IS GUARANTEED

WHERE EVEN DISOBEDIENCE IS EXAMINED TO CHECK OUT FOR INHERENT 
VIRTUE

WHERE CIRCUMSTANCES ARE RULED BY MEN NOT VICE VERSA

WHERE MISTAKES MADE IN GOOD FAITH ARE ALWAYS CONDONED, LEST THEY BECOME CRIMES

WHERE AMBITIONS ARE NOT LAID ON THE MISERIES OF MANKIND

WHERE ALL LEADERS HOLD LEGITIMATE POWER AND POSITION

WHERE INNOVATION IS NOT A REACTIVE PROCESS—RATHER IT IS PROACTIVE

WHERE THE DICE IS CAST WITHOUT RATTLING IT FOR AGES

WHERE THE ETHICS PROGRAMME IS NOT ABOUT PROTECTING THE REPUTATION OF MPs AND MINISTERs , RATHER IT IS ABOUT DOING THE RIGHT THING
*********************************************************************
VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DYING LAKES ,  DISSOLVED OXYGEN IN WATER , WATER LOSS BY EVAPORATION AND RUN OFF INTO SEA ,  ACID RAIN SOx NOx ,  GROUND WATER CONTAMINATION ,  INDISCRIMINATE USE OF BOREWELLS LOWERING GROUND WATER LEVEL ,  PREVENTING WATER WARS ,  ROLE OF TOXIC LAWN PESTICIDES  , PHOSPHATES IN DETERGENTS , EUTROPHICATION CAUSED BY UREA NITRATE IN ARTIFICIAL FERTILISERS , LAKE FISH MORTALITY ,  BOD5 AND COD SAMPLING WATER TESTS , AEROBIC AND ANAEROBIC BACTERIA , HYPERTROPHIC LAKES , ALGAE AND WATER HYACINTH BLOOMS , RECHARGING DISUSED BOREWELLS , GANESH VISARJAN,  ARSENIC AND FLOURIDE IN GROUND WATER,  BENTONITE CLAY GANESHA IDOLS FOR PHOSPHORUS LOCKING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above: Dying lake



Above: Dead lake 



Above:  One of the most ancient inhabited and holy spots of India-- the glorious Pushkar lake of Rajasthan 



Above: Pushkar lake being desilted in 2009, in a MINDLESS manner , virtually killing it.  

Obviously we cant give a gold medal to whoever destroyed a blue water lake , existing since hoary antiquity..  

The person who can revive this lake to its pristine glory will get MOKSHA -- all he has to do is to read and understand this post , penned by a perceptive man . 




Pushkar lake has a vital role in India becoming a slave nation for 800 years.

The sufi followers of Kwajah Moinuddin Chisti had poisoned this lake , causing the horses , camels and elephants of King Prithviraj Chauhan’s army  to fall sick ,  before the war in 1192 AD (  Second Battle of Tarain ) with Muslim invader Shahabuddin Mohammed Ghori.



Punch into Google search-

THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY  VADAKAYIL

This lake has never reached its original pristine glory after this incident.



Above : "KILLED Pushkar lake"  -- by man's ignorance 

EVEN TODAY ALL ARE SCRATCHING THEIR COLLECTIVE HEADS --  NO INDIAN OR FOREIGN EXPERT HAS BEEN ABLE TO FIGURE IT OUT --  

I WILL TELL YOU WHY.



As per our puranas , Pushkar Lake is appeared when Lord Brahma dropped a lotus in the middle of the Thar Desert.  His blessing on the land caused the Lake to form.  



This holy lake is a place of pilgrimage for Hindus.  



A dip in the cool blue water of the lake cleansed human beings of sin and disease. All this is now history.

Two decades ago my Chemical tanker carried white kaolin clay slurry from Savannah USA to Vancouver, Nanaimo Island  , Canada.   This liquefied clay ( can be pumped ) is used to make expensive porcelain crockery and glazed white paper.

Punch into Google search-
CLAY SLURRIES ON CHEMICAL TANKERS  VADAKAYIL

After discharge of clay slurry we have to clean our tanks and then berth at Vancouver and backload Mono Ethylene Glycol ( Fibre grade ) , one of the cleanest cargoes on chemical tankers, where more cleanliness is requires than white Bacardi rum.

Below : Pushkar lake just before de-silting



Below : Pushkar lake one year after de-silting 



The ship tank cleaning process to remove white Kaolin clay sediments is very long.  

So we had a Scandinavian supercargo who has a brain wave —  save time by cleaning tanks during clay discharge as the clay slurry tanks emptied out.  The cleaned white coloured fresh water would be taken to the nearest beach , by trucks , where he dug out two large pits using a bulldozer . 

I had warned him that this wont work, as clay colloids with immediately fill up all the sand grain spaces and kill percolation-- in seconds .  

But then you see he wanted to prove that he is right –  it was more of a show of  Viking syndrome -- See I am head and shoulders above the rest.

Both huge sand pits held the water – and ultimately he gave up , after trying for hours to poke holes here and there with long crow bars .The water inside those sand pits would remain there till the sun evaporated it. 

If the pit is covered it is as good as having water in a huge syntax tank we use in our homes to store water – for ever .  

Pushkar lake is in the middle of the sandy Thar desert.  

If lake water has to be contained— the underwater bottom and sides must have a clay lining.

Mind you even now, they can revive the lake –if done in an intelligent manner .  

ALL THEY HAVE TO DO IS TO DIG OUT THE LAKE AS PER SPECS — PUMP CLAY SLURRY ON THE SIDES AND BOTTOM   AND FILL UP THE LAKE ARTIFICIALLY USING BORE WELLS  .   

IF WATER IS NOT AVAILABLE , THE CLAY JOB CAN BE DONE , RIGHT AT THE BEGINNING OF THE RAINS -- JUST PUMP CLAY SLURRY INTO THE LAKE WATER . . .

MY READERS FROM RAJASTHAN MUST SHOW THIS POST TO THE CHIEF MINISTER.

"Pushkaradhipati Tirthani Gangadhayasaritasthata" means that among spots of pilgrimage Lake Pushkar occupies the highest place , as verily as sacred river Ganga occupies the place among rivers. 

The significance of Pushkar has been mentioned both in the Ramayana and Mahabharata.

There are 400 temples in Pushkar and the most important amongst them are dedicated to Lord Lord Brahma, Goddess Savitri and Varaha avatar.  

The lake, elliptical in shape, is encircled by 52 ghats . The important ghats are Varaha Ghat and Brahma Ghat . The Varah Ghat is the most popular because it is believed that Lord Vishnu once appeared here in the form of a varaha (boar). 

Punch into google search-

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR ,  TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL

It is on this ghat that the crowds gather on the eve of Kartik Purnima to pay homage to the lake.

As per our scriptures a demon called Vajra Nabha, living in Pushkar, had killed the children of Brahma and in revenge Brahma killed him with a lotus stalk. 



To commemorate this joyous event, devotees for thousands of years ,  set afloat large leaves bearing little delicate clay lamps surrounded by fresh flowers.  




Later modern rationalists and environmentalists banned this age old practice quoting superstition, thus depriving the lake of its precious input of bottom and side clay lining .  

This is where the problems began.

Desilting removed the impervious underwater clay lining ( built over thousand of years by clay offered by devotees ) resulting in heavy percolation and  seepage losses --and now the lake can never hold water ..

By mechanical churning you are basically doing DEagglomeration or DEflocculation.   The clay will NOT get sedimented because the colloids are stabilized by static electricity.   All the particles have a mutual repulsion , and thus the dispersion remains stable.

When you put egg whites and vegetable oil and beat them in a mixer, you get mayonnaise— it remains so because of electric charges, which keep colloids apart.  In milk factories they all milk power and use a homogenizer to thicken the milk ( without telling anybody PSSSST )  .

When colloids combine they flocculate to form clumps and settle down.  

Cavitation nozzles , where the imploding air bubbles will create 2000 bars of homogenization effect lies in my vision for the future .




First do a small experiment on your sandy beach or a sand pit. 

Take a lump of clay.   Put it in a bucket and churn it up into a COLLOIDAL SLURRY using a mechanical mixer or homogeniser.  



Now dig a hole in the sand enough to hold 10 litres . Pour the clay slurry in . 

See for yourself .  Once the percolation has stopped scoop out the stagnant muddy water in the hole. Now pour clean water. 

See, you have a small lake for yourself. The water will remain there .

In the case of Pushkar lake they have to identify the underwater fresh water springs.  Just leave those areas clear.  Those water spring ingress areas will be WET in the dry lake .

Water charging of lake can be done in the rainy season by building up ground water level all around the lake, it is so simple.

I will describe that in greater detail , as the post gets longer.



If you do NOT want to remove the muddy water and introduce clean water (as you do NOT have water to waste )--  all you have to do is to add some alum to cause agglomeration and sedimentation--the opposite effect of homogenisation .  All the clay colloids will clump together ( flocculation ) and sink to the bottom giving crystal clear water.



Ganapati Visarjan was banned in Pushkar lake to prevent water pollution by rationalists . 




ABOVE:   GANESHA IDOLS ARE TRADITIONALLY MADE WITH BENTONITE CLAY FOR PHOSPHORUS LOCKING.





Ashapura has extensive reserves of both types of Sodium & Calcium based bentonite in Kutch, Gujarat, India—and we export it from Mundra port at throw away prices. 





This Multani mitti ( fuller’s earth ) clay has unlimited uses as per our 6000 year Ayurveda.  The white man has now patented all this,  and the name itself is patented to Fort Benton, America.

THIS COLLOIDAL CLAY WILL NOW PLAY A MAJOR ROLE IN LINING THE BOTTOMS OF RAINWATER HARVESTING PITS AND GARBAGE LANDFILLS.



ABOVE:  BENTONITE CLAY IS CALLED MULTANI MITTI (FULLERS CLAY IN INDIA )





Aelius Galenus ( Galen of Pergamon) , son of a wealthy Greek Nicon came to Kerala via Egypt at the age of 19, after the death of his father .   



He visited the Alexandria library containing books on 6000 year old Ayurveda , and he was familiar with the works of Hippocrates, whose grandfather had Ayurvedic texts ( given by Pythagoras who studied in India) .
Galen studied botany, anatomy and surgery of Sustruta .  Study of human anatomy using cadavers was baned in Greece.   


Galen took back with him, knowledge of edible medicinal clay, which has a strong negative electrical attraction , aggressively searching for  positively charged toxic particles  -- a  magnet for free radicals and toxic heavy metals.



But let me tell you that Ganapati idols are to me made of Bentonite clay with biodegradable decorations, and organic paints , using NIL non-biodegradable plastic .  




Below: This BENTONITE clay from the idol gives the lake life 




This is NOT a superstition, by any stretch of our imagination.




This annual surcharge of good quality clay is so very important for sustaining the lake level and also the quality of the water.

A colloid is a very small, finely divided solids (particles that do not dissolve) that remain dispersed in a liquid for a long time due to their small size and electrical charge. These particles have negligible settling velocity because their small mass has a low gravitational force compared to surface frictional forces.  The particles of a colloid selectively absorb ions and acquire an electric charge. All of the particles of a given colloid take on the same charge (either positive or negative) and thus are repelled by one another.  Negatively charged particles repel each other due to electricity.  Most particles dissolved in water have a negative charge, so they tend to repel each other.  

The purpose of most coagulant chemicals is to neutralize the negative charges on the turbidity particles to prevent those particles from repelling each other.  The amount of coagulant which should be added to the water will depend on the zeta potential , a measurement of the magnitude of electrical charge surrounding the colloidal particles.  You can think of the zeta potential as the amount of repulsive force which keeps the particles in the water.  If the zeta potential is large, then more coagulants will be needed.   Coagulants tend to be positively charged.  Due to their positive charge, they are attracted to the negative particles in the water. 

The combination of positive and negative charge results in a neutral , or lack, of charge.  As a result, the particles no longer repel each other. Neutrally charged particles attract due to van der Waal's forces . Once the particles in water are not repelling each other, van der Waal's forces make the particles drift toward each other and join together into a group.  When enough particles have joined together, they become floc and will settle out of the water.

Modified bentonite clay—Phoslock- is applied to the water surface as a granule or a slurry to bond with free reactive phosphorus.  The lanthanum adsorbs phosphate molecules to form a mineral called rhabdophane, which is quite stable.  Any unreacted lanthanum remains imbedded in the bentonite granules, which settle to the bottom of the pond, that will continue to bond and sequester phosphorus as it releases from the sediments. 

Phoslock is the commercial name for a bentonite clay in which the sodium and/or calcium ions are exchanged for lanthanum.  The addition of this element allows it to bind with phosphates to form rhabdophane (LaPO4.nH2O) and thereby remove them from the water column.   It is used in lake restoration projects as a tool to manage eutrophication and manage algal blooms (specifically cyanobacteria or blue green algae) by reducing phosphorus, one of the major contributing factors to algal growth.

Bentonite is an absorbent aluminium phyllosilicate, essentially impure clay consisting mostly of montmorillonite.  Sodium bentonite expands when wet, absorbing as much as several times its dry mass in water.  Because of its excellent colloidal properties,it acts as a sealant, since it provides a self-sealing, low permeability barrier. It is used to line the base of garbage landfills.

LANDFILLS BOTTOM MUST BE LINED WITH KAOLIN OR BENTONITE CLAY TO PREVENT TOXIC SEEPAGE TO GROUND WATER .

The property of swelling on contact with water makes sodium bentonite useful as a sealant, since it provides a self-sealing, low permeability barrier. It is used to line the base of landfills to prevent migration of leachate, for quarantining metal pollutants of groundwater, and for the sealing of subsurface disposal systems for spent nuclear fuel.

Sodium bentonite is most commonly used for large castings that use dry molds.   The ionic surface of bentonite has a useful property in making a sticky coating on sand grains.  When a small proportion of finely ground bentonite clay is added to hard sand and wetted, the clay binds the sand particles into a moldable aggregate known as green sand used for making molds in sand casting.

Bentonite slurry walls are used in construction, where the slurry wall is a trench filled with a thick colloidal mixture of Bentonite and water.    A trench that would collapse due to the hydraulic pressure in the surrounding soil does not collapse as the slurry balances the hydraulic pressure.

Ashapura is India’s largest and one of the top five players in BentoniteAshapura Minechem is the flagship company of the Ashapura Group and well known as India’s largest mine owner & exporter of bentonite.   It is among the top five global producers of bentonite with over 60 million tons of quality sodium aand calcium bentonite reserves across  India.  

Bentonite clay (also called fuller's clay/ Multani mitti ) are the most useful of all clays and is a precious resource which must NOT be squandered away in exports..  As per 6000 year old Ayurveda , it has absorbing properties and can be used as an exfoliant as it draws out impurities from the skin . 

Below : Naga Sadhus at Kumbh Mela - dressed only in Multani mitti.







The multiple properties of bentonite namely hydration, swelling, water absorption, viscosity, thixotropy make it a multi-application product for diverse industries.    Primarily two varieties of bentonite are available - sodium bentonite (high swelling, gelling and thermal durability) and calcium bentonite (more commonly available worldwide but with less swelling).

Ashapura has extensive reserves of both types of Sodium & Calcium based bentonite in Kutch, Gujarat, India.


Agnihotra rituals used to be done by the side of the Pushkar lake, considering Lord Brahma aslo did the same ritual in the hoary past, by the side of the lake he created .  Again, this homam is NOT a superstition done by PAGAN Hindus..

Punch into Google search-

AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL

All those who think that one or two spoons of vegetable oil in each of the floating earth lamps will pollute the lake – I must tell them , this vegetable oil is good for the lake.



If there is fish in the lake, it is food for them which will help them to become healthy and fat.  An oil like coconut oil will help them to improve their nutrition value for humans .  

If the lake does NOT have any fish , it will help to swamp and kill mosquito larvae, which cause dengue , malaria and chikungunya.

Do I hear someone , some ignoramus, crying that oil pollutes water?

Sorry, I have been a Captain at sea for 30 years .  All international and local laws prohibit mineral oils ( Annex 1 oils—kerosene, diesel, petrol etc )  from being discharged into the water.   Vegetable oil is Annex 2 oil and there are NO such restrictions .

Do you want to hear a shocker?

TILL 31ST DEC 2006, WE COULD PUMP 100 TONS OUT OF A PARCEL OF 1000 TONS OF VEGETABLE OIL INTO THE SEA —  NO THERE IS NO TYPO ( 10% ) .

It was due to the persistent efforts of a certain Captain Ajit Vadakayil ( via European PSC inspectors / USCG ) that vegetable oils got reclassified based on their melting point, discharge temperature  and viscosity.

This happened as I saw sea gulls getting drowned in front of my eyes as their wings got coated in frozen palm oil in cold North seas .

I do NOT like to boast about such things – but just in case some skeptics ( who do NOT know who Capt Ajit Vadakayyil  is ) , still scoff, let them read the post below about global warming.

Punch into Google search-
THE NAIVE SAILOR , MAGNETISED PV VALVES VADAKAYIL

You really have zilch idea how much this blogsite has helped the planet, India and Hindusim.

And to hell with all those science books we had in school ( made by Macaulay ) that we must pour kerosene in lakes to prevent mosquitoes breeding. This kills the lake.  

Kerosene causes intense pain and death to non-poisonous and harmless water snakes – and this is BAD KARMA.



Even if the clay Ganesha idol is immersed in the sea , the clay lining along the coast. prevents SALT WATER ingress inland when the fresh water ground table level is low in hot summer season.  




Such an ingress from the sea, causes AQUIFERS to get contaminated -- coastal lakes and borewells to go saline and dead..



Building a dam to hold water is a STUPID way.  The enormous water body ( artificial lake ) causes massive loss of water due to evaporation. 

The bright thing to do is to store the water underground. This underground bank of water ( where there is NO evaporation or flow to the sea ) is called an AQUIFER.



Dams have to be designed by intelligent people —NOT the Pushkar Syndrome types, who have zilch idea what a ground water aquifer means .
  


Causing a large water surface for evaporation loss is NOT a bright thing to do.  

 

India is on course to overtake USA as world’s no 1 superpower in 20 years , provided we have a good desh bhakt ruler like Narendra Modi.

We can stumble and fall flat on our faces ONLY at two hurdles —

AAA— a  full blown war with China.  

This will be avoided by Modi who will secure a WIN-WIN border agreement with China.  After this we need NOT fight anymore.



BBB--- countries jealous of India’s progress , sabotage our monsoons.   

If Indian monsoons fail for 2 consecutive years , India will be in a very bad state.  



This again MUST be checkmated by us NOW--  by conserving our ground water resources, in underground aquifers.




This is where the video ( about HAARP and Tesla technology ) below becomes important. 



So watch the video below .


 

Having been at sea for 40 years I do understand weather patterns.



It is very simple to convert the ionosphere layer boundary into a LENS ( using HAARP ) and do weather modification.



India must NOT fall in the trap of giving 100% FDI in the telecommunication sector. 

We have to safe guard our honey bees.  20 years ago we used to have HONEY bee hives inside our home compound.  Today they no longer exist.  


The greatest value of bees is NOT in the honey, but in the service they do as pollinators.  In USA it has been quantified that 88% of the crops are dependent on the honey bee.




Cell phone tower radiation disorient worker bees causing them to get lost on the way back to the hive.



 India  has witnessed a sharp decline in the number of honeybees and wild pollinators, which would adversely affect the crops and food security.   The radiation max limits of Indian cell towers are greatly in excess of the ones in western countries.

Mananchira lake of Calicut ( my hometown) existed since antiquity-- I am proud of my beautiful hometown , which has better literacy , culture and social indicators than European and Scandinavian countries..   



It was stone stepped and converted into a bathing pool for the palace women by the Calicut King Zamorin Mana Vikrama, in the 13th century. 



Today this lake provided drinking water to Calicut and the water is clear and blue.




What has this thriving lake plumb in the heart of the city , NOT been run over by green algae and water hyacinths as is usual in almost all dying  lakes and temple ponds of India ?

One thing is that we have taken care of the phosphates which ingress the lake.  

Since the past 4 years detergent multinationals have been selling phosphate free laundry detergents in USA and western countries. But hey, they do NOT care to do the same in India though we pay the same money.

For example in Bangalore all the lakes have poor water quality and looks green due to heavy  algae growth.  Every house has a washing machine using phosphate detergents.

Algae prevent light reaching through the water and use up oxygen, causing a decline in the health of the water environment.

Phosphate is added to laundry detergents to soften the water and to hold dirt in the wash water.  There are many alternatives  to phosphate , like zeolite, which is environmentally friendly and does not contribute to nutrient pollution. 

Phosphorus is a common constituent of agricultural fertilizers, manure used in gardens , lawns and golf courses.  Phosphorus also exists in animal feces--say-- too many stray dogs . Phosphorus tends to attach to soil particles and, thus, moves into surface-water bodies from runoff. It can can also migrate with ground-water flows.

Phosphorus is an essential element for plant life, but when there is too much of it in water, it can speed up eutrophication (a reduction in dissolved oxygen in water bodies caused by an increase of mineral and organic nutrients) of lakes.  Phosphate is does not degrade naturally in surface water, except with the use of water treatments .



As the algae dies, it consequently consumes oxygen in the water, depleting the resource for other marine life.  India must aim to be have phosphate free laundry detergents by 2016.  Heavy fines must be slapped for non-complaince, especially on Zionist fortune 500 multinationals who sell phosphate free detergents in western countries , but NOT in India..

Deoxygenation of water, especially after collapse of algal blooms, usually result in fish kills.  Loss of recreational use of water due to slime, weed infestation, and noxious odour from decaying algae. Dense weeds can also aggravate mosquito and other insect problems. Low suspended algae can produce low infiltration rates because they are filtered out on the basin bottom, where they clog the soil.  

A big segment of the slum dwellers do NOT have proper toilet facilities. Yet we gave 10 billion Euros to Italy –nay—Euro zone as charity so that they can drink premium wines. Sewage effluent can contain 5 to 50 mg/l phosphorus, depending on diet and water use of the local population.  



In calcareous soils and at alkaline pH, phosphate precipitates with calcium to form calcium phosphate. In acid soils, phosphate reacts with iron and aluminium oxides in the soil to form insoluble compounds. 

Sometimes, phosphate is initially immobilized by adsorption to the soil and then slowly reverts to insoluble forms, allowing more adsorption of mobile phosphate, etc. In clean sands with about neutral pH, phosphate can be relatively mobile.

Eutrofication is a process by which a water body acquires a high concentration of nutrients and phosphates, which in turn, promote excessive algae growth, which depletes the oxygen content of the water, killing off organisms such as fish.

Mesotrophic lakes have moderate levels of nutrients and algae.

Supertrophic lakes are fertile and saturated in phosphorus and nitrogen, often associated with poor water clarity. Excessive phytoplankton growth can occur in ideal conditions - when there's a calm, hot and sunny period of a few weeks.

Hypertrophic lakes are excessively enriched with nutrients and are subject to devastating algal blooms.  Lakes typically reach this condition due to human activities, such as heavy use of fertilizers in the lake catchment area. Such lakes are of little use to humans and have a poor ecosystem due to decreased dissolved oxygen.  

Hypertrophic lakes are highly fertile and supersaturated in phosphorus and nitrogen. They have excessive phytoplankton growth which contributes to poor water clarity, poor suitability for recreational uses, and restricts the habitat for desirable fish.  Hypertrophic lakes tend to be shallow and suffer from high rates of nutrient loadings from point and non-point sources

How do we measure the trophic state?  Levels of oxygen provide an indirect measure of lake trophic status.

To determine the biological productivity i.e., the water quality of a lake, four parameters need to be measured: total nitrogen, total phosphorus, clarity and chlorophyll . 

Chlorophyll a concentration is used to give an indirect measure of algal concentrations. Chlorophyll a is the pigment present in plants that makes them appear green and allows them to obtain energy from the sun (photosynthesis).

These parameters reflect the dynamics of the annual lake cycle. Combined they form the Trophic Level Index (TLI). The higher the TLI, the lower the water quality.

High levels of nitrogen and phosphorus in the water most often come from agricultural runoff and urban detergent laden waste water.

Human-induced eutrophication cause increased rooted aquatic plant growth (stimulated by the increased supply of nutrients as well as the creation of additional shallow growing areas due to the accumulation of sediments, silt and organic matter), and low dissolved oxygen concentrations in all or parts of the lake . 

This is as a result of increased plant respiration and the decomposition of organic matter by bacteria and other microorganisms. This lack of oxygen can kill fish and other aquatic life.



Groundwater is being polluted mainly by nitrates. Nitrates come off urea used in lawn fertilisers. Nitrogen levels in sewage be more than 100 mg/l, depending on in-house water use and diet of the local people.  

Raw sewage has considerable organic nitrogen.  There is a great  need for preventing nitrate pollution of groundwater in the irrigated area due to excess nitrogen application ( artificial fertilisers ) to the crops.

Nitrogen in commercial fertilizer is particularly soluble to facilitate uptake by crops, but this also makes it vulnerable to run-off after heavy rainfall, and to leaching to groundwater. Nitrogen is an important factor in causing eutrophication (oxygen depletion) of water bodies



Nitrogen makes up about 78% of the atmosphere. When heated to the temperatures found in steam boilers and internal combustion engines, it can combine with oxygen from the atmosphere to form nitrogen oxide and nitrogen dioxide (NOx).  NOx is the sum of nitrogen oxide and nitrogen dioxide in a given parcel of air. These can dissolve in water, forming weak solutions of nitric and nitrous acids.  

Lightning is the most common natural source of NOx. Overloads of nitrogen can wash downstream to feed algae that monopolize oxygen when they decay, creating fish-fatal “dead zones ” 

Below: Weed cutter can be trawled by a boat.



 Water hyacinth, most of the time is considered to be a weed that is responsible for choking lakes to death. It is an aquatic plant that grows on the surface of the water body, with the shoot system above the water level and the roots developing in the water. 



The shoot system covers the surface of the water body to capture sunlight thereby obstructing the entry of the sunlight into the water, which is required by the algae and other organisms in the water. This leads to a reduction in the growth of algal population. The roots affect the free movement of the aquatic fauna in the water.  Water hyacinth grows profusely in presence of nutrients that are mainly responsible for its growth.



A WORD OF CAUTION - If all the water hyacinth ( because it is a menace ) were removed it would cause an increase in the amount of nutrients resulting in algal blooms, which are already affecting the lake.   

Water hyacinth in a small portion of the lake , is a god given natural aquatic treatment system to uptake HEAVY METALS.  90 % of the metal ( like toxic nickel ) was absorbed in the root system and 10 % in the root and shoot system.  




Lotuses ( India’s national flower ) are good for the lake , as they do NOT run over and swamp the waters like water hyacinths.  Through photosynthesis, aquatic plants convert inorganic material to organic matter and oxygenate the water too.  A lake with lotuses is a healthy lake.



They provide food and cover for aquatic insects, crustaceans, snails, and fish --and prevent overheating of lake water. Nutrients are also captured and utilized by aquatic plants, preventing them from reaching algae in the open portion of a lake.



Do NOT ever think that water hyacinth leaves protect the lake from evaporation. Rather it causes more water loss due to evapotranspiration (loss of water through leaves through transpiration).

Transpiration accounts for the movement of water within a plant and the subsequent loss of water as vapor through stomata in its leaves.  An element (such as a water hyacinth  ) that contributes to evapotranspiration can be called an evapotranspirator.

Death and decay of water hyacinth vegetation in large masses deteriorates water quality.




Domestic sewage entering the lake contains levels of nitrates and phosphates beyond permissible limits, which promote the growth of algae/water hyacinth in the lake. As the algae/water hyacinth decompose,  it uses lot of available oxygen in the water thereby making it deficient for other aquatic fauna like fish etc. causing the death of these organisms .


What worsens the situation in urban India is the construction of illegal structures and slums-as a part of vote bank politics.  Such slums are usually not connected to the city’s sewage systems. It is therefore important for India to invest in building affordable sewage systems—rather than giving 10 billion euro to Italy—nay—Euro zone so that they can drink better wine..

The lack of oxygen ultimately affects the decomposition of algae also and which simply falls to the bottom of the lake adding to the  high levels of organic matter in the lake bed. Non-decomposition of organic matter, non availability of oxygen,  result in emanation of various gases from the lake bed causing lot of foul smell from the lake. 

If eutrophication is severe, it may create hypoxic conditions in a water body. Hypoxia is characterized by low amount of oxygen dissolved in water bodies. Such a condition has harmful effects on the life of aquatic fauna, resulting in dead zones. 

Phosphorous, primarily in the form of phosphate, is not as soluble as nitrate and is primarily transported by sediment in runoff, often ending up in lakes , rivers and streams.  Ground water is mainly at risk from nitrates, which at excessive concentrations are considered a health risk.  Highly contaminated ground water cannot be used as drinking water.



Once the naturally occurring oxygen in the water is depleted, the algae blooms die, and in their decomposing process, cause further eutrophication. Algae blooms mostly occur in areas with still water.

Like I said before lanthanum-modified bentonite clay (Phoslock) application can remove phosphorus from water. Algae can be killed by any algecide .  But phosphorus is like sugar in water and has to be locked and removed by any nano technology.. 



Phoslock permanently locks phosphorus into an inert mineral that sinks to the bottom and becomes part of the pond's natural sediments.



Below : The DVAITA VEDANTA TRINITY of Sanatana Dharma



To understand the TRINITY force field of Hinduism –

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM  VADAKAYIL

Where Lord Brahma is the creator, Lord Vishnu is the mediator ( preserver )  and Lord Shiva is the destroyer.  The trinity works in amazing harmony, preserving the cosmos .

These force fields have been personalized in Hinduism . 

Our ancient scriptures and Vedas are all allegorical and coded, and it requires perception to understand the inherent glory ..

A couple of weeks are at the India today conclave I saw the French woman of Bollywood ( a peabrained starlet)  Kalki Koechlin , ridiculing Draupadi and her 5 Pandava husbands ( Mahabharata ) . 

She brims with sarcasm . 

I could NOT manage one husband. I wonder how Draupadi managed five. 

Below: Hum bhi French-  tumhara miah bhi French --achccha hai !



Below:  Hey -- we have a French teacher for Indian  womanhood -- so listen up !! 

She knows what is good for Indian women, honest !  If you laugh and clap while she lisps her bull - you are an intellectual !!.



She wrangled her way into the conclave because of her HUM BHI FRENCH TUMHARA HUSBAND BHI FRENCH connection with heiress of India Today Group, Koel Purie Rinchet , who is married to a Frenchman . 

Below : Arjuna looks down into the shimmering water reflection , and nails the eye of the revolving fish on top --  

-- a supreme test of consciousness ( NOT skill ).  

Only conscious creatures can see themselves in the mirror -- only a couple of animals qualify like elephants, dolphins and bonobos.



Baby Kalki, Draupadi ( Panchali ) is the Kundalini and the 5 husbands are the bottom five human chakras.  







Kalki baby ran down the wife of Muhammad Aisha too.



I must explain this amazing trinity concept for the layman.

At home when we go for a crap and we pull the flush after the job, the feces goes to the septic tank. This concrete tank, has heavy slabs and does NOT allow oxygen and light to enter. Here the bacteria is ANaerobic, which thrives in methane but dies in oxygen.

Now imagine , you remove a concrete slab of this tank allowing oxygen to enter the tank. ANaerobic bacteria will soon start dying ( intelligent action of Lord Shiva ) and it will start stinking.  

But at the same time an intelligent force field of Lord Brahma will start producing aerobic bacteria which thrives in oxygen , but will die in methane.  


How this intelligent morphogenetic transition takes place and its rate is controlled by another intelligent field of Lord Vishnu as the mediator. 

Pretty soon all ANearobic bacteria will be dead and the septic tank will be full of aerobic bacteria in a seamless change over.

On the ship we have a sewage treatment plant.  Here an aerator blower runs 24 hours a day, 365 days in a year.   

Below: Sewage treatment plant with aerobic bacteria.




The bacteria in the sewage tank is totally oxygen dependant .  If we shut down the blower the aerobic bacteria starts dying ( creating a stink ) and slowly ANaerobic bacteria takes over.

Below: Septic tank at home , with ANaerobic bacteria.









So all these stories injected by the white invader in our Hindu scriptures about Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva holding competitions as to who is more powerful — you now know what they are worth , right?

TEEE HEEEEE !

It is like ANaerobic bacteria saying that I am more powerful than aerobic bacteria.

OR

action saying that I am more powerful than reaction



OR

evaporation saying that I am more powerful than condensation


OR

north pole saying that I am more powerful than south pole.





See, when you inject poison into the wisdom of Sanatana Dharma , you must know where and how to inject— or you look like worse than an idiot .


Excessive nitrate (NO3) in drinking water can cause human and animal health problems, particularly for small babies.  The United States Public Health Service has established a specific standard of 10 milligrams of nitrate nitrogen per liter as the maximum concentration safe for human consumption.  The maximum contaminant level for nitrate, as set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), is 10 mg/liter, or 10 ppm.  

Excess nitrates decrease the ability of blood to carry vital oxygen through the body. The mouth, hands, and feet of those suffering from the condition may appear blue.  Babies with the syndrome may also have other symptoms, including trouble breathing, as well as vomiting and diarrhea. 



In the body nitrates are converted to nitrites. The nitrites react with hemoglobin in the red blood cells to form methemoglobin, affecting the blood’s ability to carry enough oxygen to the cells of the body. Bottle-fed infants less than three months of age are particularly at risk. The hemoglobin of infants is more susceptible and the condition is made worse by gastrointestinal infection.

Nitrate or nitrites in drinking water are associated with cancer in adults. Nitrate is reduced to nitrite in the gut and nitrite reacts with specific food breakdown products (amines) to form highly carcinogenic nitrosamines.  This is a convoluted path to cancer, but is assuming greater importance as nitrate in food and drinking water slowly increases worldwide.

To prevent nitrates in water apply two-thirds to three-fourths of the planned artificial fertilizer nitrogen just before the crop enters a period of rapid growth.  Proper timing ensures maximum daily nitrogen uptake and minimizes the likelihood of unused nitrogen leaching below the plant roots.  

Best is NOT to have any golf courses and lawns nearby the lake. Avoid surface water run off into take, especially during the initial rains.

Utilizing aeration, the nitrification stage utilizes aerobic bacteria to turn Ammonia into Nitrite and then Nitrate.  Nitrogen removal happens in the denitrification stage as bacteria consume the Oxygen from Nitrate turning it into Nitrogen gas that escapes into the atmosphere.



Aerobic bacteria consume oxygen. Anaerobic bacteria consume methane and die when the lake is aerated.   Wastewater treatment plants play it safe by running their blowers full speed 24 hours a day 7 days a week for the aerobic bacteria to survive.

Ammonification is a one-way reaction in which organisms break down amino acids and produce ammonia (NH3).  Nitrification is the process in which ammonia is oxidized to nitrite and nitrate, yielding energy for decomposer organisms. Two groups of microorganisms are involved in nitrification. Nitrosomonas oxidizes ammonia to nitrite and water. Subsequently, Nitrobacter oxidizes the nitrite ions to nitrate.

Anaerobic bacteria in lakes produce a mucus-like layer of slime, or biomat, which create large amounts of nitrate.  The expensive way is to empty the lake to kill all anaerobic bacteria and charge fresh aereated water. 

Bottom aeration systems provide a beneficial and cost effective method of improving both the water quality of your pond and it's overall health.



The most important criteria to consider with a lake is the amount of dissolved oxygen (DO) in the water.  Just like us, fish need oxygen to survive.  So how do you know if you have enough oxygen in the lake?  Typically measured in Parts per Million (PPM) you should be aiming for a minimum DO level of between 4 and 5 PPM. So what causes low dissolved oxygen levels? 



Excessive amounts of Algae and aquatic plants are the main culprits because they will absorb a lot  of oxygen after nightfall.  An abundance of organic waste i.e High silt levels will cause oxygen levels to be reduced and silt can also release harmful gasses into the water. Finally, having too many fish can also reduce the oxygen levels not only through lack of oxygen per fish but high waste inputs into the water. 



Bottom based diffuser system that forces air down to the base of the pond, enabling it to bubble back up may be the better bet. The threat of Stratification is also reduced as sufficient oxygen levels at the foot of the pond are maintained Noxious smells are also reduced and overall water quality is improved. Silt reduction would also benefit from increased oxygen.



The amount of oxygen in the water is an important indicator of overall lake health. In fact, much information can be gathered about a lake by examining just this parameter. Oxygen plays a crucial role in determining the type of organisms that live in a lake. Some fish species, need consistently high oxygen concentrations to survive. 

During the summer months, when water is warm, oxygen can be consumed faster than it can be replenished. Lakes can become "stratified"; the warmer, oxygen-rich upper water laying on top of the cool, more dense, lower-oxygen deeper water.

Such conditions inhibit levels of beneficial bacteria and their breakdown of organics. Bottom muck accumulation increases and excessive nutrients are readily available for plant/algae growth.  This thermal stratification also makes conditions favorable for the production of noxious ammonia and hydrogen sulfide gases.

Vertex bottom aeration systems create a vertical current using the rising force of millions of small bubbles to entrain the water column, "turning the lake over" and allowing oxygen to be absorbed at the lake's surface.

By moving the lower-oxygen water up from the bottom and eliminating thermal stratification, oxygen levels throughout the water column are increased. Wide swings in oxygen are stabilized, preventing fish kills. 




Vertex Aeration systems also improve sport fisheries by allowing fish to expand their territory into formerly oxygen-deprived portions of the lake.


Oxygen is easily dissolved in water. In fact, it is so soluble that water can contain a greater percentage of oxygen than the atmosphere.  Because of this phenomenon, oxygen naturally moves (diffuses) from the air into the water.  Aeration of the water surface by winds and waves enhances this diffusion process.  Vertical mixing of the water, aided by winds, distributes the oxygen within the lake. 

In this manner, it becomes available to the lake's community of oxygen-breathing organisms. Water temperature affects the capacity of water to retain dissolved oxygen. Cold water can hold more oxygen than warm water. Therefore, a lake will typically have a higher concentration of dissolved oxygen during winter than summer.

Rich people have their private lawns.  They use pesticides to keep weeds under control.  



These pesticides percolate into ground water and cause kidney , liver , brain diseases and cancer to the people who consume this water.  



These rich people will of course have expensive reverse osmosis plants , with activated carbon filters in their kitchen, and so they do NOT care.  



They play golf where to maintain the grass excessive ground water, urea to keep grass green ,  phosphate fertilisers and dangerous pesticides are used. 

Nobody cares.




Most of the bacteria, viruses, parasites, and fungi that contaminate ground water comes from fecal material from humans and other animals.  Common bacterial contaminants include E. coli, Salmonella, Shigella, and Campylobacter jejuni.

 It is estimated that more than 620 million people in India still defecate in the open and more than 70 % of Indian households do not treat their drinking water . 



Mind you in 300 years flat the white invader robbed us blind and converted India from the riches nation to the poorest on the planet.

These are the same people who are sarcastic with us for being poor and unhygienic.  

Having been at sea for 4 decades I do know how the poor people in white countries survive, their standards of hygiene— how often they take a bath and change their yellow spotted ( at asshole area )  underwear..



Untreated sewage running off into ground water causes water borne diseases like diarrhoea, dysentery, hepatitis , cholera, typhoid etc.



The first rains surface run off must NOT enter the lake . Too much stray dog shit lying around is no good. 

Viruses in sewage effluent include entero- and adeno-viruses. Hepatitis viruses are of special concern.
Soil is an effective filter to remove microorganisms from sewage effluent (except, of course, coarse soils such as sands and gravels, or fractured rock). 



Bacteria are physically strained from the water, whereas the much smaller viruses are usually adsorbed. This adsorption is favored by a low pH, a high salt concentration in the sewage, and high relative concentrations of calcium and magnesium over monovalent cations such as sodium and potassium. Human bacteria and viruses immobilized in the soil do not reproduce, and eventually die. Most bacteria and viruses die in a few weeks to a few months. 



Waterborne diseases are caused by pathogenic microorganisms that most commonly are transmitted in contaminated fresh water.  The World Health Organization estimates that 88% of that burden is attributable to unsafe water supply, sanitation and hygiene.




Microorganisms causing diseases that characteristically are waterborne prominently include protozoa and bacteria, many of which are intestinal parasites, or invade the tissues or circulatory system through walls of the digestive tract. 





Various other waterborne diseases are caused by viruses. 





Forty five per cent of India's children are stunted and 600,000 children under five die each year, largely because of inadequate water supply and poor sanitation, reads a report by UNICEF and Food and Agriculture Organisation (FAO).- but does anybody care?  




We are busy discussing Sachin Tendulkar on prime time  TV, right ? -- when only nine and a half countries play cricket on this planet !!



Fecal contamination can reach ground water sources, including drinking water wells, from failed septic systems, leaking sewer lines, and by passing through the soil and large cracks in the ground. Fecal contamination from the surface may also get into a drinking water well along its casing or through cracks if the well is not properly constructed, protected, or maintained.



History shows that civilizations have vanished once water is gone.

India has about 4% of world’s freshwater resources ranking it among the top ten water rich countries..  

Overall, every year, precipitation in the form of rain and snowfall provide over 4000 cu km of freshwater to India, of which 2047 cu km return to oceans.  A small percentage is stored in inland water bodies and groundwater aquifers.

There is more ground water than surface water.   Ground water is less expensive and an economic resource. Ground water is sustainable and reliable source of water supply, as it is relatively less vulnerable to pollution. 



Ground water is usually of high bacteriological purity and is free of pathogenic organisms. It needs little treatment before use and it has no turbidity and colour.  



Ground water is usually universally available.  There is no conveyance losses in ground water based supplies. Ground water has low vulnerability to drought and hence is the key to life in arid and semi-arid regions.

What exactly is an aquifer ?

A rock formation capable of holding and transmitting water through its inter-connected pore spaces (or through joints and fractures) is called an aquifer. Unconfined aquifers are formed by formations which are exposed and pervious at the top surface but impervious at the bottom at some depth.

Thus water entering from the top of such formations percolates downwards till it reaches the impervious level and starts building up a saturated zone within the formation. The water occurring within the weathered zone of a hard rock formation is a typical example of unconfined aquifer. 

Water from unconfined aquifer is essentially tapped through open dug wells. When you dig a borewell and start pulling water out, you are emptying the water in the aquifers which is a finite amount. The process by which water enters into these fissures is called recharge.

The cities of modern India, the concrete jungles, are on the brink of severe water crisis.

The ground water level and volume in cities like Hyderabad, Chennai, Delhi and Mumbai along with several other cities of North India is declining at a rapid pace.

The channels to the local aquifers through which the rain water seeped in, have all been sealed. They have become places for public utility, thus depriving the land below the cities of their water.

Aquifer recharge zones have been blocked by mindless construction.

In an aquifer, the water travels through tiny pores of the rocks, the water that comes out of an aquifer is usually clean. Aquifers have natural recharge zones where water enters the rocky layer and they have a natural discharge zone where the water comes out of the rocks and collects as a pool or well.

In between, man can intervene and drill into these rocks and tap into the aquifers. These are the bore wells of today.  We need to look at aquifers which are the source of water to a borewell. After all a borewell , is a hole drilled into the ground to penetrate an aquifer.

It is because of these aquifers and plenty of recharge zones which allowed rain water to seep in, that we had wells, springs and tanks overflowing with water right through the year in India, across all seasons, even in times of failed monsoon

Aquifers have been tapped into indiscriminately with powerful and deep bore wells.  Aquifers are being drained at a rate faster than that at which they are getting recharged. If water is pumped from a well faster than it is replenished, the water table is lowered and the well may go dry.

What is amazing is the ground water that we pump out from the acquifer is not only pure, it is also refreshingly cold. Aquifers are natural filters that trap sediment and other particles (like bacteria) and provide natural purification of the ground water flowing through them.

An aquifer can be contaminated by many things we do near the surface of the earth. Contaminants reach the water table by any natural or manmade pathways, along which water can flow from the surface to the aquifer. Deliberate disposal of waste at point sources such as landfills, septic tanks, injection wells and storm drain wells can have an impact on the quality of ground water in an aquifer.

That is why bore-wells near landfills are all contaminated and dangerous chemicals have leached into them. Aquifer recharge zones are contaminated with chemicals and bacteria which enter the acquifer.

Aquifers which are the main source of clean, ground water have all dried up and the result is water shortage everywhere.  Much of this is happening in cities since there are more people trying to live off the limited number of aquifers under the city.

The cities have literally sucked all the water out of the aquifers. To keep life in the cities going, water from aquifers in nearby areas too have been extracted and supplied to the cities.

Here is an aspect which has been neglected to to lack of intelligence and perception.

Excessive drilling of borewells, along with the use of mechanised pumping has led many parts of the country’s groundwater aquifers to go dry   .  Borewells are draining water deep into the earth. 




The land has become a sponge which sucks rainwater and sends it directly to deep underground beyond the impervious layer . As a result, the surface runoffs have diminished limiting the flow to tanks, tributaries and rivers.



This is the reason that even a perennial rivers are getting depleted.

In such a situation, shallow ground water cannot be recharged. Water directed underground by recharge pits will directly flow into deep underground and will not raise the water table. This has happened in many places where a large number of deep borewells have been sunk.

If the drilling of borewells continues at the current pace, we will soon reach a point when all surface water will be drained into the deep underground and we will be left with no accessible water at all. Dryland agriculture will then die and the land will turn into a desert.

Steps by INTELLIGENT people such as creation of subsurface check dams, plugging the vents (that allow water to flow from a shallow zone to a deeper zone) and recharging aquifers which are not drained to lower levels should be pursued with great urgency.

Most times groundwater gets recharged because of the flow of a river. Now if too many dams are created upstream this will NOT help the downstream areas . If they are close to the seacoast saline water will invade aquifers..

In ancient days our forefathers were wise enough to build percolation tanks for every small area of inhabitation. Typically these were built near temples and at outskirts of the village alongside slopes to catch the rainwater. These percolation tanks kept the aquifers recharged.

These lakes and tanks have existed since time immemorial, much before the cities engulfed them. These water bodies are situated where they are, considering the topography, the gradient of the land.   These lakes were  recharge zones for the aquifers, the purpose for which they originally came to be.

Instead of contributing to the ecology in and around them by aiding ground water recharge, these lakes are polluting the ground water. Various pollutants including nitrates, chromium, lead, manganese and other heavy metals have percolated into the aquifers and have rendered the ground water unfit for human consumption.

Unless lakes are rejuvenated at the earliest by preventing them from getting polluted all usable ground water resources may soon get exhausted.



In India, lakes serve as source of water for drinking, agriculture, and even industries. It acts as sewage absorbers, flood cushions and recharge zones for groundwater aquifers. It is an ecosystem where a variety of birds and animals breed; pisciculture, and aquaculture thrive leading to a source of income for people.
Lake tourism is an immensely profiting sector.

Slowly, many of these prized possessions have vanished or are vanishing. Reasons: draining of lake water for real estates in cities and cultivable and factory land in villages; dumping of effluents — both domestic and industrial; agricultural runoff; encroachments, and general neglect.


At sea we are very familiar with BOD5 and COD tests.  There are corrupt places like Ukraine where they try to cheat , prove that your sewage tank is malfunctioning and milk thousands of US dollars of bribes from the Captain. 


BOD5 means  Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) in water . It measures the amount of oxygen required or consumed for the microbiological decomposition (oxidation) of organic material in water.  The unit of Measurement is  mg/l of oxygen consumed in 5 days at a constant  temperature of 20°C in the dark.   

Basically BOD5 is a useful measure to assess the effectiveness of sewage water treatment processes.  BOD5 is a measure of the amount of oxygen that is consumed by bacteria as it breaks down organic matter in a sample during a five-day period under standardized conditions.

BOD5 limit could range from 5–50 mg/liter, depending upon your wastewater flow, receiving stream flow and the water quality standards of the receiving waters .

Legend has it that the 5-day BOD (Biological or Biochemical Oxygen Demand) test was developed in England.  Sewage was dumped in a river and it took five days for gora shit to travel from London to the North sea. -- hence the five-day incubation requirement in the BOD method. 


The BOD5 of sewage varies from several hundred to about 1000 mg/l for raw sewage, and from about 10 to 20 mg/l for good quality secondary effluent

TEE HEEEEE !



BOD can be used as a gauge of the effectiveness of wastewater treatment plants.  BOD is similar in function to chemical oxygen demand (COD), in that both measure the amount of organic compounds in water. However, COD is less specific, since it measures everything that can be chemically oxidized, rather than just levels of biologically active organic matter. Fish and aquatic insects may die when oxygen is depleted by microbial metabolism.

COD is a measure of the amount of oxygen required to breakdown the organic matter in a sample under very strong oxidizing conditions. During the COD test, the sample is subjected to boiling with sulfuric acid and a strong oxidizer, such as potassium dichromate.  

COD or Chemical Oxygen Demand is the total measurement of all chemicals in the water that can be oxidized.  COD is usually a measurement of chemicals and the test is simple and easy to perform with the right equipment and can be done in 2 hours.   

 A COD test measures all organic carbon with the exception of certain aromatics (benzene, toluene, phenol, etc.) which are not completely oxidized in the reaction. COD is a chemically chelated/thermal oxidation reaction, and therefore, other reduced substances such as sulfides, sulfites, and ferrous iron will also be oxidized and reported as COD.   NH3-N (ammonia) will NOT be oxidized as COD.



Most applications of COD determine the amount of organic pollutants found in surface water (e.g. lakes and rivers) or wastewater, making COD a useful measure of water quality. It is expressed in milligrams per liter (mg/L) also referred to as ppm (parts per million), which indicates the mass of oxygen consumed per liter of solution.

Now let me talk about ground water pollution from burial grounds. 

Burial grounds must be situated on top of an impervious soil layer —or disease borne organic and inorganic contaminants will percolate into an under ground aquifer.

Burial plots should be at least 300 metres away from a borehole, spring or well used for the supply of drinking water . The area of the site is not suitable for burial if there is standing water at the bottom of the burial pit when first dug.

For reasons still poorly understood, corpses don't invariably decompose into potting soil as many assume.  Instead, the fat tissue, usually in the presence of moisture, sometimes turns into a solid, soap like substance that makes the cadaver look like something you'd find in a wax museum ( adipocere ) . 



The grave should be shallow enough to allow microbial activity similar to that found in composting.

The most common embalming fluid is composed of organic chemicals and contains 5–29% formaldehyde, ethanol and water. Formaldehyde is cancer causing even in very small amounts.

Most of the kidney hospitals in Kerala are full of dialysis patients due to Formalin used in preserving fish without ice.

Punch into Google search-
FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE AND KIDNEY FAILURES VADAKAYIL

The formadelyde solution cross-links proteins found in tissue-cell membranes, slowing down bacterial decomposition and inhibiting the body's breakdown in the earth. 

The ability of embalming fluid to contaminate soil or water tables has not been studied thoroughly.. and let me tell Americans that the explosion in Alzhiemers must be investigated. .

Solution?

Bury without a casket, in just the shroud.  By all means transport the body to the burial pit in a casket, but remove the casket before putting the soil to cover the pit.

Again, --formaldehyde is a  carcinogen.

Cemeteries  must NOT have groundwater closer than 3.0 metres below ground level. 




Is anybody listening ?

Rainwater harvesting is done mainly for two reasons – one, to store the water for later use (in lakes, reservoirs or domestic sumps) and MOST IMPORTANTLY two, to recharge the underground aquifers.




India is drained by twelve major river systems with a number of smaller rivers and streams. Major river systems in the north are the perennial Himalayan rivers – Ganga, Yamuna, Indus and Brahmaputra. The south has the non-perennial but rain fed Krishna, Godavari, and Cauvery while central India has the Narmada, Mahanadi and Tapti.


Below:  Avoiding evaporation losses and wastage of rain water which runs off to sea , from rivers.



An aquifer should not be mistaken for an underground river. An underground river is one that has a clear cut channel for water to move under the ground. Water does not have to seep through the rocks to move. It flows freely in the channel. It is just that the channel is buried and not seen from above ground.



Topographic constraints, distribution pattern, technical limitation, poor management and lack of perception and intelligence of water authorities in charge does  not allow India to harness its water resources efficiently.

Underneath the hard rock on the surface of the earth, are layers of different types of rock. Some layers such as sandstone, conglomerate, fractured limestone, unconsolidated sand and gravel, basalt etc. have some amount of porosity and therefore allow water to seep and flow through them.

Each type of rock allows the water to flow faster or slower depending on the size of its pores. Water seeps in and exists within each rocky layer. Depending on the pattern in which these rocky layers are formed in the earth, water chooses to flow faster or slower in certain paths.



Thus if we can see through the rocks, we will see a slowly moving water body. This body of rock through which water is moving, is called an aquifer.




Some chemicals are commonly present in water wells at levels that are not toxic, but can cause other problems. Calcium and magnesium cause what is known as hard water, which can precipitate and clog pipes or burn out water heaters.



Iron and manganese can appear as dark flecks that stain clothing and plumbing, and can promote the growth of iron and manganese bacteria that can form slimy black colonies that clog pipes.




Groundwater moves through porous rock formations similar to the way water flows through a sponge with inter-connected pores. In nature, no space remains empty. Therefore, the pore space within the underground rock formations, no matter how small, remains filled either with air or water.

Water is also unable to pass through compact rocks like granite, basalt, quartzite etc., which are usually devoid of any primary porosity.

An aquifer that is sandwiched between two impervious formations is called a confined aquifer. In alluvial region, when a sand layer ( permeable ) occurs in between two clay layers (impervious formations), the sand layer becomes a confined aquifer.

Water in a confined aquifer enters from a far away location where a part of the aquifer is exposed to the surface or to other sources of water for its recharge. Water in a confined aquifer occurs under hydrostatic pressure as the recharge area is essentially located at a higher elevation.



Water level in a bore well drilled in a confined aquifer moves up much above the depth of the tapped aquifer to a level referred as the piezometric surface which corresponds to the hydrostatic pressure in the aquifer.

An over-flowing or artesian well is an example of tapping a confined aquifer whose recharge area is located at a level higher than the surface elevation of the bore well site.  


When a well is dug in an unconfined aquifer, water from the formation seeps in to the well and gradually builds up a water column. The top surface of this water column finally stops rising any further and remains static when it reaches the level of the water table.  



The depth of static water level as seen in a well is also the depth of the water table in the aquifer.  The govt must be transparent and give this dynamic level on the internet with trends by graph . Quite often people invest their lives savings in a property and get stuck with this waterless white elephant.


It is true that the better yielding dug wells are usually found at depressions and valleys rather than on a ridge or high ground. This is because, the formation at a depression or valley is more weathered (permeable) and receives more recharge.  

Water first enters an aquifer through gravity induced downward movement (percolation) but within an aquifer it also flows in a lateral direction. 

This flow can occur due to the dip (slope) of the aquifer or artificial conditions induced within the aquifer such as pumping or recharging. Natural groundwater flow through an aquifer is rather slow and is about a few centimeters a day.




It is the property of the aquifer called permeability (ease of flow) that determines the yield of a well. The shape of water table also gets influenced by the permeability of the aquifer. Water table would tend to rise higher in that part of the aquifer where aquifer permeability is relatively low and vice versa. 

Shallow water table encountered in a dug well is not necessarily an indication of higher yield. Another well in the vicinity with deeper water table can yield higher quantity of water due to better permeability of the aquifer.



In reality, regional water table is not as flat as we presume. Water table tends to follow the shape of the topography. Therefore, in an undulating area, water table is not quite flat but would tend to take a shape akin to the topography.



The flow of water through a granular formation is governed by Darcy’s law which states that the flow through a porous media (Q) is directly proportional to the hydraulic gradient (L/H), where the permeability (K) of the media is the constant of proportionality . 



In hard rock areas, however, flow of water through fracture zones does not follow Darcy’s law as the flow is similar to the flow through an open pipe.



On chemical tankers we use Darcy’s law for the toxic/ carcinogenic vapor return system.

Punch into Google search-
VAPOR RETURN SYSTEM CHEMICAL TANKERS VADAKAYIL

In India if we ask a water expert about Darcy’s law , he will probably scratch his head.  We need more perceptive people in the water resources dept ( with better salaries ) than in electronics and computer engineering.




Hilly regions are known to have poor groundwater storage. This happens because water from rainfall and other surface water bodies that seep underground tend to flow out when exposed to steep mountain sides. In hilly regions, it is quite a common sight to find that water is seeping or spurting out as a spring from along an exposed side of a hill. 




Sometimes we find small dug wells at the top of a hill temple that contains water round the year and people get impressed.  This well at the hill top eventually receives groundwater recharge through fractures or delayed seepage from a recharge area located at an even higher elevation in some out of sight adjoining hills. 

Besides, in most cases, such wells do not get dry as only very little quantity of water is extracted for regular use. 

There is NO miracle in this-- for water finds its universal level..



You may wonder why a place like Rajasthan despite having such thick layers of sand formations is still poor in groundwater occurrence. The reason being that the recharge received from rainfall by these thick sand formations is never adequate to build up a water table. The entire infiltration gets disseminated and lost within the unsaturated zone before reaching an impervious layer at depth for building up a water table.

Occurrence and distribution of groundwater is controlled primarily by the geology of the area and the quantum of recharge received by the existing aquifer formations.  

The alluvial tracts of river valleys and the coastal plains containing alternative deposits of sand and clay of varying thickness are rich in groundwater. Regions underlain by hard rocks are poor in groundwater resources.





The groundwater table undergoes a seasonal fluctuation . The water table rises during rainy season due to recharge received from rainfall and falls back during summer season due to lack of recharge and continuing extraction of groundwater. 

In geohydrology, the highest water level is referred to as the post-monsoon water level and the lowest level in summer as pre-monsoon water level. 

Quantum of water being received by an aquifer from annual recharge can be computed from the annual ground water fluctuation in conjunction with estimated groundwater extraction in that area.  Records and trends must be maintained.


Groundwater in an area is said to be falling (receding or declining) when annual groundwater extraction exceeds the annual groundwater recharge. 

The excess water extracted in such a situation comes from the groundwater dead storage built up over many centuries  and hence the over-extraction is known as GROUND WATER MINING.  It is a well known fact that such reckless mining is going on in India since the past 20 years.




An aquifer is said to be over-exploited when the annual groundwater extraction is higher than the annual recharge.  For sustainable utilization of groundwater, only that much water should be extracted which is replenished every year by rainfall through groundwater recharge. 

To achieve this, we must either reduce our groundwater extraction (demand side management) or increase recharge to the extent possible by adapting artificial recharge measures (supply side management).  Or else, the groundwater table will continue to fall leading to an unprecedented situation.



Bentonie clay slurry can be used for an impenetrable bottom and sides in the pit, instead of large plastic sheets.





It is important to recharge the coastal aquifers like in Chennai, to prevent salt water ingress.

RAIN WATER HARVESTING IN COASTAL AREAS IS NOT ABOUT STORING YOUR OWN WATER FOR YOUR SELFISH PRIVATE NEEDS –  BUT MORE IMPORTANTLY TO RECHARGE DEPLETED AQUIFERS , TO PREVENT THEM FROM BEING SALT CONTAMINATED FOREVER.

Coastal regions are rich in groundwater owing to the largely alluvial terrain, but the aquifers risk being contaminated by saltwater ingress due to over pumping.



In India, the number of shallow tubewells used to draw groundwater was 2000 in 1955, and is now in excess of 30 million.


Lowering of water table has rendered millions of existing shallow dug wells in the country go dry. This in turn has led to an unhealthy race for deepening the existing dug wells but more so for the construction of deeper and deeper bore wells.  

As the cost of accessing groundwater has been increasing progressively, in near future groundwater will be accessible only to the very rich, depriving the poorer lot. An ancient abandoned and dry dug well can be used very conveniently as a makeshift artificial recharge structure. 

Millions of dug wells in the country which at one time were yielding groundwater have gone completely dry as even the post-monsoon water table has gone below the depth of such dug wells—losing out in competition to deep borewells..

All that needs to be done is that the abandoned dug well should be clean enough i.e. free from any dumping of undesirable materials like plastic and impermeable clay.





High concentrations of arsenic sometimes exist in deeper levels of groundwater.

The acceptable level as defined by WHO for maximum concentrations of arsenic in safe drinking water is 0.01 mg/L.  But is is safer if it is  less than  0.05 mg/L

Arsenic contaminated water can cause major health problems,--  cancer, diseases of the circulatory and respiratory system, diabetes mellitus, and kidney and liver diseases.

Activated alumina is an adsorbent that effectively removes arsenic.



In subterranean arsenic removal (SAR), aerated groundwater is recharged back into the aquifer to create an oxidation zone which can trap iron and arsenic on the soil particles through adsorption process. No chemicals are used and almost no sludge is produced during operational stage since iron and arsenic compounds are rendered inactive in the aquifer itself. 



Thus toxic waste disposal and the risk of its future mobilization is prevented. Also, it has very long operational life, similar to the long lasting tube wells drawing water from the shallow aquifers.

Water may be physically uncontaminated and look safe but it may still be contaminated chemically and bacteriologically. Major cations found dissolved in water in appreciable quantities are calcium, sodium and magnesium in combination with anions like chloride, carbonate and sulphate. 

Other chemical elements found commonly in groundwater in minute quantities that are known to cause serious health hazards are iron, fluoride, arsenic, boron, detergents, heavy metals and other site specific contaminants.

Water is said to have temporary hardness when it contains soluble bi-carbonates of calcium and magnesium. When heated the bicarbonates convert into insoluble carbonates which are deposited out of the water, making it soft. 

Permanent hardness is formed due to presence of salts of sulphate and chloride in combination with calcium, sodium and magnesium. These salts can be removed from water only through chemical reactions with other salts referred to as softening reagents or through the process of reverse osmosis.

Total Dissolved Solids (TDS). It is the total quantity of chemical salts dissolved in water and is measured  in parts per million (ppm). One ppm means 1 mg of salt is dissolved in 1000 liters of water. For drinking purposes - TDS up to 500 ppm is quite good.

While the TDS and pH of drinking water may be well within the permissible limit, but presence of arsenic, fluoride, iron and any other toxic compounds beyond the permissible limit can make the water harmful to health.


Though the water may get physically cleaned of physical impurities while percolating through a porous media to recharge groundwater,  the chemical properties remain more or less the same. In hard rock formation, polluted water can directly infiltrate to the groundwater storage carrying the surface contaminants through fractured zones. 

Soils nowadays contain a host of man made pollutants in large quantities. Rain water carries whatever pollutants it has dissolved from soil during its journey downwards. It is imperative that India band plastics. Force these multinational soft drink companies to store soft drinks in glass bottles. If they don’t do that kick them out of India.  


Many factory owners pump in their chemical effluents directly into bore holes for disposal, which is without a doubt an unpardonable criminal-they should be heavily fined and imprisoned. We even know of overflowing septic sewage tank contents ( feces ) being transported by trucks and pumped into abandoned wells at night.

MAKE GROUND WATER STUDIES COMPULSORY IN SCHOOL SCIENCE BOOKS. MAIN STREAM MEDIA MUST HAVE COMPULSORY PRIME TIME SHOWS , RATHER THAN DISCUSSING SACHIN TENDULKAR.

The control of drinking-water quality is therefore critical in preventing fluorosis. In all fluoride affected areas it is advised that rainwater harvesting is done to recharge the groundwater source that shows high fluoride levels.

Nalgonda District in Andhra Pradesh is said to have the highest concentration of people affected by fluorosis. Nearly 500 villages in the district are gripped by fluorosis resulting in twenty thousand fluorosis victims in the district.

According to the World Health Organization, maximum level of fluoride in water should be 1 ppm or 1 mg/l. In Nalgonda, the water contains up to 10 ppm of fluoride. Many adults and even young children have been irreversibly affected by skeletal fluorosis in this district.



High fluoride content in water can lead to dental fluorosis, brittle bones and quick ageing. In India an estimated 60 million people have been poisoned by well water contaminated by excessive fluoride, which is dissolved from the granite rocks.

The effects are particularly evident in the bone deformations of children. exposure to "high" levels of fluoride (variously defined) in childhood was associated with a reduction in IQ by more than 10 points on the Mensa scale—you become mandha buddhis.



There are methods used in developing countries that are suitable for either large-scale fluoridation plants or for domestic/household use. In some cases it would assist to educate residents to avoid using untreated groundwater for cooking or drinking.

In USA they have put fluoride in the municipal water and caused a full generation of daft hilly Billys with shriveled and calcified pineal glands.



Punch into Google search-

PINEAL GLAND  THE THIRD EYE VADAKAYIL

Flushing the western commode takes lot of water.  In cities the govt must enforce the partial flush option.  It is not about HAVE MONEY WILL FLUSH.   It is about wasting a national ground water resource.  People with diabetes who pee a lot, keep flushing the whole day— and India is full of diabetics .



Ground water must NOT be wasted.  AK49 did NOT understand this wisdom, when he reduced the water bills of New Delhi -- so that he could  topple the Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit. 



AK-49 must know that Indians respond to higher water prices by using less of it, just as they respond to higher petrol prices by using less of it. 



Our foreign funded Indian media puts JOURNALISM  FIRST --    hey, how about putting WATAN FIRST ?

The govt must grade aquifers as AA- POTABLE,  BB- WASH WATER CC- FLUSHING AND IRRIGATION.   

Pure pristine potable aquifers must be controlled by the water authority. Indiscriminate , ignorant water harvest recharge of ground water by all and sundry in these areas can cause more damage than good.

Bangalore may have to be abandoned very soon, if prompt measures are NOT taken.

The Kanteerva stadium at Bangalore constructed in 1997 was a lake before.



Kempegowda Bus Station, more commonly known as Majestic Bus Station, built in 1980 at Bangalore was a lake before.

The Bangalore golf course built in 1996 was a lake before .



JP park of Bangalore was a lake before.

Some of the major lakes that disappeared over the years are [6][7]:

Shoolay lake changed to Football stadium
Akkithimmanhalli lake changed to Corporation Hockey stadium
Sampangi lake changed to Kanteerava Sports Complex
Dharmanbudhi lake changed to Kempegowda Bus Station
Challaghatta lake changed to Karnataka Golf Association
Koramangala lake changed to National Games Complex in Ejipura
Siddikatte Lake has now become KR Market
Karanji tank is the Gandhi Bazar area
Kempambudhi is now a sewerage collection tank
Nagashettihalli lake changed to Space department
Kadugondanahalli lake changed to Ambedkar Medical College
Domlur lake changed to BDA layout
Millers lake changed to Guru Nanak Bhavan, Badminton Stadium
Subhashnagar lake changed to Residential layout
Kurubarahalli lake changed to Residential layout
Kodihalli lake changed to Residential layout
Sinivaigalu lake changed to Residential layout
Marenahalli lake changed to Residential layout
Shivanahalli lake changed to Playground, Bus stand
Chenamma tank changed to a burial ground, Banashankari 2nd Stage
Puttennahalli tank changed to J.P. Nagar 6th Phase
Jakkarayanakere has been converted into a sports ground
Kamakshipalya Lake is converted into a sports ground
Baalayyana Kere (kamakshipalya) is converted into a sports ground
Dasarahalli tank is converted into Dr. B.R Ambedkar Stadium

18 lakes are now slums at Bangalore.  8 have been eaten up by builders in connivance with politicians and municipality.  28 lakes have been officially been distributed by the Bangalore Development Authority for residential areas.



Coastal fresh water aquifers ingressed by saline water ( by over pumping with deep borewells ) can be desalinated by reverse osmosis—  




It is easier , faster and more economical to purify brackish fresh water  than to desalinate ocean water of full salt content.



Reverse osmosis plant membrane systems typically use less energy than thermal distillation, which has led to a reduction in overall desalination costs , in recent times.




The largest desalination plant in South Asia is the Minjur Desalination Plant near north of Chennai (Kattupalli village ) in India, which produces 36.5 million cubic meters of water per year.



Above :  Minjur desalination plant which supplies 100 million litres ( one lak tonnes ) a day water to Chennai city was inaugurated on July 31, 2010.


The 2003 Ordinance which made rainwater harvesting compulsory is one of the best things that ever happened to Chennai. The state government directed all homes, offices and government buildings to install rainwater harvesting structures within their premises. There was a mad rush towards the end as the authorities had threatened to cut off electricity and water supply connections if anyone failed to do so.  

Post-2003, the groundwater table in the city had risen by 6 meters, a phenomenal achievement by any standard within such a short span. This is what a ruling govt must do—NOT divide and rule to cling on to power— and do NOTHING for the future of the people.. 


Chennai’s temple tanks, once used as cricket grounds, are filled to the brim now . Brimming ancient temple tanks are one of the best indicators of the increase in the city’s groundwater table.


In contrast check out Powai lake. 



This lake water which used to supply drinking water for Mumbai has been declared unfit to drink. 



The lake is just for Western tourist to gape at from their rooms of the 5 and 7 star hotels around the lake.

Below: We know how to send a rocket to Mars - but we cant save a lake ( Powai Mumbai ) !





Our kidneys purify the blood in our bodies by means of osmosis. To desalinate water, we must create a flow through a membrane, causing the water to leave the salty side of the membrane, flowing into the unsalted side. 

To achieve this, pressure must be created upon the water column on the salt side of the membrane; firstly, to remove the natural osmotic pressure and secondly, to create extra pressure on the water column, in order to push the water through the membrane. 

For the desalination of seawater, the pressure must be about 50-60 bars.  2.1 bars is what air pressure you put in your car tyre.



Landfills are the places that our garbage is taken to be buried. 




Landfills are supposed to have a protective bottom layer of impermeable clay , covered with tough and resilient plastic sheets, to prevent contaminants from getting into the ground water.  




However, if there is no proper bottom layer or it is cracked, contaminants from the landfill ( used engine lub oil, car battery acid, paint, household cleaners, etc.) can make their way down into the groundwater.

When we burn fossil fuels, chemicals called 'sulphur' and 'nitrogen' are released into the air.

Once in the air, they mix with water in the air , rain etc - and are transformed into different chemicals called 'sulphur dioxide' and 'nitrogen oxides' causing acid rain.   NOx is mainly discharged from an automobile engine.   

SO2 (sulfur dioxide) will make sulfuric (or sulfurous) acid.  NOx (oxides of nitrogen from combustion) will make nitric acid.  Nitrogen oxides can also be produced naturally by lightning strikes and sulfur dioxide is produced by volcanic eruptions.



Acid rain can have terrible effects on a forest. The acid takes away important minerals from the leaves and the soil. Minerals are like vitamins for trees and plants. Without them, trees and plants cannot grow properly. They lose their leaves and become very weak.



As acid rain flows through soils in a watershed, aluminum is released from soils into the lakes and streams located in that watershed. So, as pH in a lake or stream decreases, aluminum levels increase. Both low pH and increased aluminum levels are directly toxic to fish. 



In addition, low pH and increased aluminum levels cause chronic stress that may not kill individual fish, but leads to lower body weight and smaller size and makes fish less able to compete for food and habitat. At pH 5, most fish eggs cannot hatch.




Tanning cottage industries has deliberately allowed harmful chemicals like Trichloroethylene and Toluene to ingress into the ground water aquifers. 



Nobody cares to check if these tanneries have the requisite waste treatment facilities, and how they dispose their effluents .  



The use of chemicals, such as sodium chloride, sodium sulphate, chromium sulphate etc. during the tanning processes is the major reason for the high concentration of major ions and chromium in groundwater.  


Chromium compounds are applied to protect hides from decay and to make them more durable against moisture and aging.  Hospitals are full with kidney , liver patients in the vicinity of these areas .

93%  percent of leather products are destined for markets in Europe and the United States— and we pollute our lands and water resources, for people who look down on Indians .

Polluted ground water is less visible, but more difficult to clean up, than pollution in rivers and lakes. Ground water pollution most often results from improper disposal of wastes on land.. Polluted groundwater is mapped by sampling soils and groundwater near suspected or known sources of pollution, to determine the extent of the pollution, and to aid in the design of groundwater remediation systems.

Preventing groundwater pollution near potential sources such as landfills requires lining the bottom of a landfill with watertight materials like impermeable clay, collecting any leachate with drains, and keeping rainwater off any potential contaminants, along with regular monitoring of nearby groundwater to verify that contaminants have not leaked into the groundwater. 

Groundwaters sustain rivers, wetlands, and lakes, as well as subterranean ecosystems within  alluvial aquifers.

When groundwater is removed from aquifers by excessive pumping, pore pressures in the aquifer drop and compression of the aquifer may occur. This compression may be partially recoverable if pressures rebound, but much of it is not. When the aquifer gets compressed, it may cause land subsidence, a drop in the ground surface.

How many of you have felt that your house has sunk a couple of feet since the last 40 years ?  In the first half of the 20th century, the city of San Jose, California dropped 13 feet from land subsidence caused by overpumping groundwater; this subsidence has been halted with improved groundwater management. 



Sea water moving inland is called a saltwater intrusion. In alternative fashion, salt from mineral beds may leach into the groundwater of its own accord. 




Saltwater intrusion occurs naturally to some degree in most coastal aquifers, owing to the hydraulic connection between groundwater and seawater. Because saltwater has a higher mineral content than freshwater, it is denser and has a higher water pressure.



Because saltwater has a higher content of dissolved salts and minerals, it is denser than freshwater, causing it to have higher hydraulic head than freshwater. Hydraulic head refers to the liquid pressure exerted by a water column: a water column with higher hydraulic head will move into a water column with lower hydraulic head, if the columns are connected.



The saltwater and freshwater meet in a transition zone where mixing occurs through dispersion and diffusion.
 As a result, saltwater can push inland beneath the freshwater. Saltwater intrusion can also be worsened by extreme events like cyclone storm surges. 



Groundwater extraction is the primary cause of saltwater intrusion. The construction of canals and drainage networks can lead to saltwater intrusion. Canals provide conduits for saltwater to be carried inland, as does the deepening of existing channels for navigation purposes by mindless dredging .


Salt water intrusion is nothing but mismanagement and people responsible must be held accountable.


Urumi wounds caused ingress of toxic metals ( like lead )  into the body which numbs the arms and wrist due to a palsied state—and the Kalari warrior is unable to take up arms again.  In 6000 year old Ayurveda Ayurveda Nitrate of Silver and Iodide of Potassium were used for instant cure.

Silver iodide, a powerful antiseptic , is prepared by reaction of an iodide solution (e.g., potassium iodide) with a solution of silver ions (e.g., silver nitrate). ).  A blight yellow  solid quickly precipitates.  This was used in Agnihotra yagnas to seed clouds and produce rain.

Annaad-bhavanti bhuutaani parjanyaad-anna sambhavah,
yagnyaad-bhavati parjanyo yagnyah karma samudbhavah  - BHAGAWAT GITA 4000 BC ( Vyasa )

Lord Krishna tells a despondant Arjuna , just before the Mahabharata battle 6000 year ago, :- Life is born from food, food is produced by rain, rain is produced by performing yagna and that yagnya is performed by doing Karma.



The silver iodide changes the composition of ultracold water in the clouds, turning the liquid into snow or ice, which then falls to the ground.

Silver iodide is an inorganic compound with the formula AgI.   In modern times Silver iodide is used in cloud seeding..  


For release by aircraft, silver iodide flares are ignited and dispersed as an aircraft flies through the inflow of a cloud.  When released by devices on the ground, the fine particles are carried downwind and upward by air currents after release.  



China used cloud seeding in Beijing just before the 2008 Olympic Games in order to clear the air of  severe smog.



To know more about urumi- the DEADLIEST WEAPON on this planet.

Punch into Google search-
KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART VADAKAYIL



And to know more about how ancient Indians dabbled in Silver ions and colloids –

Punch into Google search-

BLUE AVATAR AND VIAGRA VADAKAYIL



EVERY SCHOOL CHILD IN INDIA MUST KNOW HOW TO PRESERVE GROUND WATER RESOURCES --  THE FUTURE OF INDIA LIES IN THIS.
*********************************************************************
AZAM KHAN , INJECTING ISLAMIC RELIGIOUS FANATICISM INTO THE INDIAN ARMY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


WHY IS AZAM KHAN STILL IN INDIAN POLITICS ?








deep in the dark innards
of kaalapani cellular jail
spirits suddenly come alive
captain , could you tarry  a while  –




could you ponder why
4 of my 7 wings were demolished?
demolished after independence!




could you pause to reflect
on the cost of our freedom?
on mothers, wives and sons
their hearts  torn between grief and pride
for those who died for freedom's sake.




are you so busy
you fail to reflect on 800 years of slavery,
the price in blood
this jail paid for your freedom.




why do you expect courts
to decide your freedom
the freedom which
snuffed out inmates of this jail
gave to everyone,
painful price paid  in blood ,
for freedom and  justice for all,




are we still not one nation, one blood?
do you  calm each other in times of distress?
do we in moments of horror cuddle together?



why did you allow a system to be  hijacked ?
why this silence of conformity?
why so many people lost in apathy?




lying foreign benami front TV cataracts
now shroud your eyes
fed intravenously 24X7
by supari fed mass media feeders
lisping mystifying lies
fire smouldering in judas eyes




why is big brother profiting from fear?
why is comfort a business?
why is liquor laden breath calling the shots ?
why is the child in the classroom
with the curious mind
beaten and conditioned
until he too is blind ?




"trust in the system"
sold out benami fronts whisper
"question nothing , higher you can reach"




are you just content being a slave?
content , to stand on street corners
holding big white signs
held beneath people sights
clamouring of injustice




why allow targeting of desh bhakt shakers
who sacrifice their peace
so that true freedom may be regained



who do you still sell your souls?
to evil foreign banksters who robbed india blind
who still hold the sinister remote control
who still have our rulers on their payroll
who have build for themselves a lobbied up shield




what kind of life is this ?
is self inflicted numbness a virtue?
is feigning ignorance bliss?
why do you pretend to sleep?

do you still expect to be woken up?
*********************************************************************
VISHU, NEW YEAR FESTIVAL OF KERALA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
VISHUVAM  OR EQUAL DAY AND NIGHT WHEN  LATITUDE  OF PLACE AND SUNS DECLINATION IS SAME ,   MALAYALAM NEW YEAR , SUNs ENTRY INTO MEDHAM RASHI  (  MESHA , ARIES  ) SEEDING TIME,    TROPICAL SAYANA  SUN BACKGROUND ZODIAC  OF THE WEST ,  SIDERIAL  NIRAYANA STAR BACK GROUND ZODIAC  OF HINDUSIM ,  VISHU KANI, KONNA  POO OR CASSIA FISTULA GOLDEN SHOWER FLOWERS ,  VISHU KAINEETAM,  LORD VISHNU THE KAALA PURUSHA OR  DIVINE MEDIATOR  OF TIME ,  VISHU SADHYA OR FEAST  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Above and below :  Vishu Konna poo ( golden shower flowers ).  We have a Konna poo tree in our home compound.




Vishu is the second biggest festival in Kerala and it ushers in the Malayalam new year . When I was a kid Vishu was bigger than Onam as we got the chance to burst crackers and light fireworks – a pretty exciting thing to do as a small child.. 

Below: Kerala at the times of Vishu, is a sight for the sore eyes. It has to be seen to be believed




This festival is celebrated by Hindus, unlike Onam which is celebrated by all religions of Kerala.

Vishu is derived from “Vishuvam” in Sanskrit and Malayalam, which means “equal”.

On the day of Vishu when the sun enters Medham rashi, the day is EQUAL to night. This means that the latitude of the place is the same as the declination of the sun.






What is declination of the sun?

If a straight line is drawn from the centre of the sun to the centre of the earth, the line will cut the earth’s crust at a place.  The latitude of that spot is the same as the latitude of the sun, and hence called sun’s declination.


The sun keeps going up and down from the tropic of Cancer to the tropic of  Capricon endlessly, as the earth is tilted to 23.4 degrees.

The tilt of the earth axis at 23.4 degrees , causes the seasons on the planet, which sustains life .  

The earth  revolves around the sun and rotates on its axis at the same time, keeping the planet alive. There is a divine ratio of 108 , between earth, moon and sun.  

This was NOT accidental and Lord Vishnu took the Varaha ( boar ) avatar for this, to set things in the proper place, so that the earth continued as a rotating a devolving self excited dynamo.

Punch into Google search-
VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , FIXING THE PLANET AT CONSTANT OF 108 AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL

“ After planting the earth, He adorned it with mountains and then divided it into seven continents” - Vishnu Purana 1.4.45-50

The shadow cast by the Earth stretches back 108 times the diameter of the Earth and the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter. The distance of the Moon from the Earth is 108 times the diameter of the Moon.

Mantras are chanted 108 times, and hence the Rudraksha rosary mala has 108 beads..



antar-maharnava upagatam adi-daityam
tam damstrayadrim iva vajra-dharo dadara


"The unlimitedly powerful Lord assumed the form of a boar for the rescue of the earth and pierced the first demon Hiranyaksa with His tusks." - (S.Baghawatam. 2.7.1)




If there were no seasons – there would be NO chance for Brahma and Shiva to create and destroy – like evaporation and condensation, to sustain life on the planet .

Birds and whales wouldn't migrate, bears wouldn't hibernate, and insect populations wouldn't cycle.  Deciduous trees (those that shed their leaves before a cold season) and perennial plants would die, having been denied their required dormant season.  

The cycles of flowering plants would be disrupted. All plant life on earth would be affected, and because the feeding and reproductive stages of nearly all animal-life on earth follows the seasonal changes in the plant world, the results would clearly be monumental. 

Summer is warmer than winter (in each hemisphere) because the Sun's rays hit the Earth at a more direct angle during summer than during winter and also because the days are much longer than the nights during the summer. During the winter, the Sun's rays hit the Earth at an extreme angle, and the days are very short. 

There would be no ocean currents and monsoons, due to lack of clockwise and counter-clockwise vortices..

In a world without seasons, there wouldn't even be wheat., humans would probably never have advanced past a state of living in small, scattered settlements, scrounging for survival and often dying of horrific insect-borne diseases.

Earth without a tilt would be stratified into climate bands that would get progressively colder as you moved away from the equator. Humans would never survive the continuous winter of the high latitudes, and so we would likely congregate in the planet's tropical midsection with a dwindling fresh water supply.. 

If the habitable world were a humid tropical zone like the rain forests of the Congo, unrelenting rainfall would quickly erode soil in any areas cleared for farming, and would leach nutrients down below root level, swiftly rendering tilled land infertile for crops.

Punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL




Vishu is usually on 14th April.

However in 2014,  it is on April 15th.

On April 14th at a place in Kerala slightly north of Kochi and south of Trichur, will have the same declination of the sun,  on its passage northwards from the equator to the tropic of Cancer.

The Tropic of cancer is at 23.4 deg North and the Tropic of Capricon is 23.4 deg South. The sun will travel north till it reaches the tropic of cancer ( relative ) and then will turn back and proceed south to the tropic of Capricon — continiously and endlessly.

This means places North of tropic of cancer in India will never have the SUN DIRECLY OVERHEAD AT NOON .   

When the sun is exactly overhead at noon, a vertical stick or a tall pillar on the ground will cast no shadow, and the light and dark hours of the day will be of same duration.  

When the sun is overhead at the equator, ( declination is zero ) the sun will rise exactly at the east and set exactly at the west .  But India does NOT extend to the southwards equator. On ships we have experienced this.

While places below the tropic of Cancer to the southern tip of India will have the sun directly overhead twice— one when the sun is travelling north and the other time when it travels south.

Vishu occurs on the first day when the sun is enters the rashi of medham on its passage NORTHWARDS  from the tropic of capricon (via the equator)  to the tropic of cancer.. 

April 14th  marks the new year in accordance with Kolla Varsham the Malayalam calendar.  This occasion signifies the sun's transit into the Meda Rasi (first zodiac sign ) according to Indian astrological calculations, and represents the vernal equinox.  

The Malayalam calendar is a sidereal solar calendar. In Kerala Medam is seeding time. 

Western astrology takes the tropical approach, whereas Hindu astrology takes the ACCURATE sidereal one. This results in the originally unified zodiacal coordinate system drifting apart gradually, with a clockwise(westward) precession of 1.4 degrees per century.

For the tropical zodiac used in Western astronomy and astrology, this means that the tropical sign of Aries currently lies somewhere within the constellation Pisces ("Age of Pisces").  Most perceptive modern Western astrologers, have advocated abandoning the tropical system in favour of a sidereal one. This is what happens when you steal without understanding the concepts.

Vedic Hindu astronomy uses sidereal time which takes into account the precession of the equinoxes—though the white man tries to ridicule us for NOT knowing this— and that too after immorally after copying from us.  


The earth revolves around the sun in a ELLIPTICAL orbit -- and at the same time the earth wobbles on its own axis -- like a slowed down top, where it takes 25765 years for a full round wobble ..




A solar calendar is a calendar whose dates indicate the apparent position of the sun moving on the celestial sphere.

The Hindu solar calendar starts on April 14–15 ( Kerala Vishu festival ) each year. This signifies the sun's "entry" into Mesha ( medham ) rashi .

Like I said before , the malayalam calendar is a siderial solar calendar. The position of the earth is reckoned with respect to the zodiacal constellation near which the sun can be found.

punch into google search-

VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA 5000 BC VADAKAYIL

The Indian national Saka calendar is used, alongside the Gregorian calendar, by the Government of India.  The Saka calendar is also used in Bali with Hinduism religion .  Here the medham starts on March 21st ( aries ).This is for uniformity to unite the country where there are different methods.  The usage officially started at medam (Chaitra) 1, 1879 Saka Era, or March 22, 1957.

This system is totally based on revolving of the earth around the sun.  It is independent of revolving of the moon around the earth. .  This date March 22nd is chosen , as on this date, the day and night are of equal  length in “both hemispheres of the earth”- basically at the equator.

Sidereal and tropical are astrological terms used to describe two different definitions of a "year".  

Thus Aries of the tropical zodiac is from 21st March to 20th April—while it is from 15th April to 15th May as per the siderial zodiac.

Both divide the ecliptic into a number of "signs" named after constellations, but while the sidereal system defines the signs based on the fixed stars, the tropical system defines it based on the position of vernal equinox (i.e., the intersection of the ecliptic with the celestial equator). 

Because of the precession of the equinoxes, the two systems do not remain fixed relative to each other but drift apart by about 1.4 arc degrees per century..

In astronomy this is a difference between the length of a sun - tropical year (365.2422 rotations of the earth) and a star -sidereal year (365.2563 rotations).

The tropical system was adopted during the Hellenistic period and remains prevalent in Western astrology—basically lifted without commonsense from ancient Hindu astrology .. The Tropical Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the earth’s horizon at a particular locale which gives you the seasons as a measure of the flow of time.  The framework for the 4 seasons are the 2 solstices and the 2 equinoxes. This is the one most western astrologers use. 




The Sidereal Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the star background, as a measure of the flow of time. The framework for the star background is the constellations the sun passes in front of. This is the one perceptive astronomers use. 

We can measure time by the seasons (tropical time) or by the stars (sidereal time). The sun, as the time hour hand, is common to both.

Tropical Zodiac:--Most people know what their birth sign is. They may be a Libra or a Taurus or one of 10 other signs of the Tropical Zodiac.



What does it mean?

It means that at the time of their birth, from an earth perspective, the sun was in 1 of 12 zones around the earth.  Each of the 12 has an angular length of 300. 12 X 300 =3600.  The frame of reference for these zones is the sun’s positions relative to the earth’s horizon.  As the sun moves through the seasons its altitude changes and so do the compass bearings of its rising and setting positions.  

None of these signs can be directly related to a group of stars that can be seen in the skies with one's physical eyes.

Sanskrit term Ayanamsa is the angle by which the sidereal ecliptic longitude of a celestial body is less than its tropical ecliptic longitude. Ayanamsa is around 24° today. The ayanamsha describes the increasing gap between the tropical and sidereal zodiacs.  The ayanamsa, changes continually through the Precession of the Equinoxes at the rate of approximately 50" a year. Suryasiddhaanta states that ayanamsha was zero in 499 AD (Mesha Samkranti).

Tropical (sayana) zodiac is analogous to measuring the positions of trees and buildings sitting in a slowly moving bus. Sidereal (nirayana) zodiac, on the other hand, considers a fixed zodiac.

Astrologers when they use modern astronomical calculations to determine the position of celestial bodies, they need to take into account the difference caused by the different reference point used in specifying the longitude, and this they call the ayanamsa.    As earth’s precession changes every year, the difference between the tropical zodiac and the sidereal zodiac changes. This difference is called “ayanamsa” (sidereal difference

The Islamic calendar is still lunar, with no correction for the extra days in a solar year. As a result, the Islamic months move forward by about 11 days every solar year. So, for instance, the month of Ramzan (or Ramadan) keeps shifting. It was in November in the year 2005.

Every calendar on this planet ,including the Mayan calendar has been lifted from the Hindu calendar.

During the equinox, a day has equal number of hours of daylight and darkness, which describes the origin of the word "Vishu" which in Sanskrit means "equal".



Malayalam Month ( sidereal )   / English Months      

Chingam /        16 August -15 September
Kanni  /           16 September -15 October
Thulam   /        16 October -15 November
Vrischikam/     16 November -15 December
Dhanu /           16 December -14 January
Makaram/        15 January –14 February
Kumbham/      15 February -14 March
Meenam/         15 March -14 April
Medam/           15 April -15 May
Edavam/          16 May -15 June
Midhunam/      16 June -15 July
Karkhidakam/  16 July -15 August

On the day, the Sun leaves Meenam Rasi and enters Meda Rasi, it is Vishu Sankraman and Vishu is celebrated the next day.  The first day for Medam is the unchangeable day of Vishu, whereas other festivals are determined according to the lunar asterisms on which they fall. 

Tropical Zodiac/  English Months
Aries/         21 March –20 April    
Taurus/       21 April –21 May       
Gemini /      22 May – 21 June    
Cancer/       22 June –22 July
Leo /           23 July – 22 August   
Virgo  /        23 August –23 September    
Libra /          24 September – 23 October  
Scorpio/            24 October –22 November    
Sagittarius/        23 November –21 December 
Capricorn/        22 December –20 January      
Aquarius /         21 January –19 February        
Pisces  /            20 February –20 March

Mind you ,all these fancy English ( Greeko ) names are all STOLEN from the ancient Hindu calendar.  All their constellations names too are stolen.

Just a few examples:
Tulam is Libra ( balance ).
Chingam or Simham is Leo ( lion )
Kanni or kanya is Virgo ( virgin girl )
Meenam is Pisces ( fish )
Kumbam is Aquarius ( water pot ).
Midhunam is Gemini ( couple )

The passage of the sun into the Medam ‘rasi’, is called`Meda sankramam’. Only when Meda sankramam takes places before the break of dawn on Medam 1 do we consider it the new year day and wake up to see the Vishukani.  

The Indian system calculates a day from sunrise to sunset, unlike the western concept of 24-hour clock, which starts ticking off the day from 12 midnight.

Since the sankramam is after the sunrise on Medam day 1, this day fails to qualify as the new year day, and  hence in 2014, April 15th is the day of Vishu..  Only after sunrise does the day begin for us. And sunrise on Medam day 2 is at 6.18 a.m. while it is still technically Medam day 1 till the next sunrise, only by which time Vishu kani time is over.

 


On Vishu day we invariably get to hear this song between Vishu Kani and sunrise.

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Mayil peeli choodikondum manja thukil chuttikondum
Manikkuzhaloothi kondum kani kanenam

Mayil peeli choodikondum manja thukil chuttikondum
Manikkuzhaloothi kondum kani kanenam

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Vakacharthu kazhiyumbol vasanapoo vaniyumbol
gopikamar kothikkunnorudal kanenam

Vakacharthu kazhiyumbol vasanapoo vaniyumbol
gopikamar kothikkunnorudal kanenam

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Agathiyamadiyante ashru veenu kuthirnnoru
Avalpothi kaikkolluvan kani kanenam

Agathiyamadiyante ashru veenu kuthirnnoru
Avalpothi kaikkolluvan kani kanenam

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Chethi mandaram thulasi pichaka malakal charthi
Guruvayurappa ninne kanikanenam

Lord Vishnu  is associated with this holy day.   He is the ‘Kaalapurusha’ or lord of Time in Hindu belief.  As the Zodiac New Year starts on ‘Vishu’, devotees make oblations to Lord  Vishnu ( especially his Krishna avatar ) for his blessings.

As I am typing this, I can see that my wife is preparing for the early morning 0430 hrs, Vishu Kani— she is busy rolling the wicks for the nilavilakku lamp, and I am busy munching on a sweet ripe mango too.   The most important event in Vishu is the Vishukkani, which literally means "the first thing seen on the day of Vishu after waking up".



My wife will wake me and my sons at 0500 hrs on Vishu pulari ( dawn ) for seeing the Vishu Kani.   Brahma Muhurta is from 4 AM to 6 AM.

From 0445 to 0500 hrs we usually lie awake in the darkness ( because many houses in the vicinity would have started breaking high decibel crackers already ) , while my wife lights up the lamps and gives the last touches to the vishu kani.

The Hindu Malayali believes that his fortune for the year depends on the first thing he sees on the astronomical New Year day.

Then she will guide me to the kani first with her hands covering my eyes—and when I open my eyes for darshan , what do I see?



It is  golden hue everywhere in the darkness —  a divine cornucopia-- lighted and polished brass lamps ( nilavilakku ),  a golden aramula metal mirror with her gold jewelry reflecting in it, golden shower kani poo, a golden Sri yantra,  face of Lord Krishna in her IPad ( modern computer age , right ) , golden colour mangoes, golden kasavu cotton kodi mundu,  plantains with lighted scented agarbatti stuck into it , betel leaves and arecanut, naiyappam , unhusked nellu rice overflowing from a brass nazhi vessel, ---



--- coconut, golden ripe papaya, golden large cucumber kani vellari , ganges water in polished brass kindi, a bhagawat gita, navadhanyam pulses, some seasonal vegetable and fruits, a small jack fruit, sindhoor, turmeric, camphor, some gold coins and currency for Vishu kaineetam —the works.



You see this is our ancient culture , running into thousands of years , of the world’s first civilization - and we are proud of it. .

We don’t go off tangent mimicking the decadent west, where your teenaged daughter will get 2 dozen  unsolicited love letters and cards on Valentines day from known and unknown shady characters ...



When the decadent west were running around nakes, eating raw meat,  staying in damp caves , doing GRUNT GRUNT for language, we were wearing silk and diamonds, eating from a cooked menu, writing poetry in a language thousands of years old, and staying in proper brick houses, with gardens with deers , peacocks and elephants.




These vulgar invaders robbed us blind in 250 years , converting India from the richest on the planet to the poorest -- and now want to make fun of our poverty.

After we receive the vishu kaineetam ( coins / currency ) from my wife, myself and my sons go to burst crackers and light fireworks.  Crackers are burst on the previous day twilight of Vishu and after darshan of vishu kani.  




I remember in my father’s village at Chemancheri, the entire village used to come for vishu kaineetam to VADAKAYIL HOUSE which was the first tiled and two storey house in the village.  The white skinned Collector had crossed the paddy fields and come to Vadakayil house to collect money for the British World War 2 effort ( extortion really -- for he told my grandfather that he expects so much  )

Our pet cats would be hiding in some dark corner, as they do NOT appreciate such light pyrotechnics and ear shattering sound .



As kids we used to visit our friends just to check out how many crackers they have burst and what type fireworks they have lit.  




So I would NOT allow our maid to sweep up the litter till our play mates had checked out –  about 20 of them.  




And when they said WOW—my little chest would swell up with pride.



Then we take bath and wear vishu kodi which is basically new clothes . Many visit temples and give donations and food to poor people. 

Vishu is celebrated with much fanfare and vigour by children in all parts of Kerala. For them it is a festival of light and fireworks called Vishu padakam.

And then later at noon there is of course the mouth watering feast called Vishu Sadhya –with sometimes as many as 64 dishes.



Konna poo is the state flower of Kerala.  



It is the national flower of Thailand, as this was once a Hindu kingdom.  You can still see the ancient Hindu temple ruins in Thailand.

Below: The Preah Vihear Temple ruins of Thailand.



Below:  Samudra Manthan depicted at Preah Vihear temple 



6000 year old Ayurveda uses the  bark and fruits of the Konna poo (Cassia fistula) tree as they have great antioxidant properties and boosts the immunity system , and help in purification of the blood.  It is called “Aragvadha” or “disease killer”. 

Cassia Fistula is great in treating wounds. The specialty of the herb is that it promotes tissue regeneration. The juice extracted from the  leaves is used for dressing the infected skin . The roots of Cassia fistula have anti-diabetic properties , to reduce blood sugar and regenerating the pancreas.



Vishu sadhya activates every single taste bud on the tongue ( sweet, salty, bitter , sour , pungent , hot etc )  and is basically vegetarian fare.  



Traditional pickles made in traditional clay containers known as ‘bharani’.  Kerala used to export spices in bharani.  



Jesus Christ took a ship from Bernice in Egypt ( Red sea ) to Muzris ( Kodungallur ) in Kerala, the cultural center of the Calicut ( my hometown )  king.   



Kodungallur ( Muzris ) had the world's SECOND synagogue, church and mosque.   The church and mosque are still there. The synagogue was destroyed by the marauding Portuguese Catholics 500 year ago, and relocated to Kochi.


Cultivation of new crops commences on the next day after Vishu, and the activities would last up to the Pathamudayam day or the tenth day from the Vishu day.



Vishu sadya ( banquet ) is eaten on banana leaves, the narrow part of the leaf is on the left side, as is our culture. The end of the feast is with Paal Payasam, Pradhaman and Palada Pradhaman.

After which we give a nice BURRRRRPPPPPPP  !


THIS IS WHO WE ARE !
*********************************************************************
BODY LANGUAGE HOWLERS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Ever since I became a captain of ships at sea I have dabbled in body language.   I have rarely been wrong in 3 decades .



Below: Baarah cylinder chaheeye  --  hazaar thaaliyan from "pleasantly surprised "  maaJI , that her darling son has come of "political will" age !



Below: I was just minding mE own business when this mangy man came up from behind.



Below:  Modi is an ogre who will eat up India wholesale-- JAAGTE RAHO mere priya desh waasiyon !  



Below: Kujliwal AK-49 getting slapped.  His AAP is contesting 435 seats ,  let me see if he can secure a SINGLE seat.



Below video:  Gail Tredwell who did character assassination of Mata Amritanandamayi.   Even Wikipedia ignored her. 



Below: STEEPLE POSE -- superior pose for the white psychologist-- dekh hum bhi superior !



I suggest that yuvraj shehzada AKD , should stop wasting his STEEPLE POSE with the body language ignorant urchins on the street and in villages , during his road shows.
*********************************************************************
INTOLERANCE, AN OBSTACLE TO TRUE DEMOCRATIC SPIRIT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In 1995, Rice University Professor of Philosophy and Religious Studies , Jeffrey John Kripal's book,  Kali’s Child: The Mystical and the Erotic in the Life and Teachings of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa was released.

It was a highly controversial psychoanalytic study of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa, a great Hindu saint. 



It won great acclaim among white Christians and Jews and secured the American Academy of Religion's Best First Book in the History of Religions Prize in 1996.  

Jeffrey portrayed , Swami Vivekananda's guru, Ramakrishna Paramahamsa as a she-male, cross dresser, gay and a pedophile.  

So much for  Freudian psychoanalysis of Eastern spirituality.

These are the type of immoral rogues who secure Nobel prizes!!


Wanna know more about Nobel Prizes?

Punch into Google search-


DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM VADAKAYIL

If as a  patriotic Indian ,  I were to expostulate  on behalf of Swami Vivekananda’s guru, Ramakrishna Paramahamsa--



-- I stand to be vilified by the main stream media , most of whom are BENAMI and SUPARI FED Indian fronts of big brother--

--  dragged to court by my nostrils, and subjected to repeated assaults on my honour and integrity— for defaming Jeffrey . 




It is not easy to dent the honor of a ship captain who has commanded ships for 3 decades —  and who is known all around the world by deeds – NOT words..


Below : Listen to the song below with  HEAD PHONES.






BIGOTRY OR BUST

flame throwers of intolerance
who could not be  silenced by reason
endeavored to silence by persecution,
in olden days by fires of inquisition
in modern times by forcing the arm of law



sarcasms on pagan superstition
this devil  knocks not on entry
gamuts of vain starry emotions
refusing to pick up yielded slack
stripping good men of humanity



ruthless  use of deceit  to attain ends.
accusations reeking in bigotry
as bad persons damaged beyond repair
sins cascading down their body drains
filth welling up their rotten floorboards 



unclear quietude, clear inquietude
cowardly bullies picking soft targets
starry delusions of grandeur
caprice hewn from bigotry
easier to smash atoms than prejudices



clouded visions stained with hatred
ecclesiastical ambitions, fake spiritual pride
piecing truth again and again with lies
painting pictures with mass delusions
moving kangaroo courts  on remote control



bigots unleashing ruthless fear mongers
with perceptions of hatred and right of inquiry
into the religious beliefs of others alone.
evil comes cowardly disguised
pregnant with malignancy 


bigotry dressed in language of faith
sipping from cups of the lord and devil too.
prejudices labeled as opinion without evidence
when dark clouds gather sowing fears
peace on this planet will be hard to grasp




let us not drag this ancient country
down the road to stinking purgatory
to teach  another generation to hate
and bow to the shrine of intolerance



intolerance is evidence of impotence.
intolerance is a supreme form of egotism
if you can  preach only intolerance
prithee take your message elsewhere.



those who will not reason, are bigots,
those who cannot, are fools
those who dare not, shall remain slaves


How many of you know that there was an Inquisition in Goa?

Punch into Google search-


PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER VADAKAYIL






Grace and peace !




Om Puurnnam-Adah Puurnnam-Idam Puurnnaat-Purnnam-Udacyate
Puurnnashya Puurnnam-Aadaaya Puurnnam-Eva-Avashissyate ||
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

Isha Upanishad - 5000 BC

- - -
OM
That is the whole, this is the whole;
from the whole, the whole becomes manifest;
taking away the whole from the whole,
the whole remains.


Brahman is limitless, infinite number of universes
come out and go into the infinite Brahman,
Brahman ( morphogenetic consciousness ) remains unchanged
*********************************************************************
SHABDA BRAHMAN , THE BEAT OF THE DAMARU, DRUM OF LORD SHIVA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SHABDA BRAHMAN, THE CONSCIOUS TRANSCENDENTAL SOUND OF THE VEDAS  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The symbol you see above is the greatest and most profound symbol on this planet.

This is held by Lord Shiva in one of his arms.



This symbol is so pregnant with meaning that the next greatest symbol on this planet competing for acclaim, can hope for rank  1001 — for the first thousand places of greatness is occupied by this symbol.



By the time I finish this post, every Hindus’s chest will swell with pride.  



The detractors of Hinduism ,can make holes in their trouser pockets and tear their collective hair in grief.




People who denigrate Lord Shiva land up in the top intellectuals of TIME magazine. How the west love to denigrate Hindusim .

They converted Lord Shiva into a sex starved tribal.  

Below:  Wikipedia and other encyclopedias now quote Amish Tripati who gave birth to a MORTAL by the name of Shiva in 1900 BC. 




1900 BC indeed- and that too a tribal .  I suggest Amish Tripati read the post below-

Punch into Google search-


KALPA VIGRAHA , VISHNU IDOL CARBON DATED TO 26450 BC, SUDARSHANA CHAKRA VADAKAYIL


In reality Lord Shiva is a COSMIC FORCE FIELD,  personalized into a mortal , with a wife.

For centuries Indian Hindus were ridiculed for worshiping a PRICK.( phallus / penis ).



Then NASA  gave a electric shock on the genitals of all these detractors.   NASA proved that this black meterorite stone indeed provided DNA ( seed of life ) on planet earth.

Punch into Google search-

NASA  DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE VADAKAYIL

I have explained the TRIDENT of Lord Shiva in one of my posts more than 3 years ago. This symbolizes the dance of the opposites , rather the cosmic dance of Lord Shiva.

The symbol is Lord Shiva’s trishul, where the centre prong SATTVA is the midpoint of duality, between TAMAS and RAJAS .  The Chinese have lifted it ( after thousand of years ) and converted  it to the modern Yin Yang

Punch into Google search-

YIN YANG , TAMAS RAJAS , DYNAMIC BALANCE  VADAKAYIL



The only constant on the planet is change, everything is in a state of flux, nothing is static-- everything is vibratory. This is what guarantees growth and evolution.  

It is a cosmic dance of opposite forces , which sustains this universe.   No life is possible on earth without this dance, mediated by the middle prong of Shiva’s trident..

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly .  If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.  

Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa. One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant .  

No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite.  They consume each other yet support each other. Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.

Balance can never be permanent— Ying and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Examples?
Winter/ summer
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Acid/ base
Vaporisation/ condensation
Energy/ matter

This is NOT like what a squeaky Dalit leader comes on TV and complains  “ Shiva is a bad man, he is always killing people with his trident “  SQUEAK SQUEAK—

“And he blows a shankh ( conch ) after he kills people”. SQUEAK SQUEAK

Lord Shiva holds a conch in one of his arms.

The wisdom of the conch and the allegories of Hinduism created by 12 strand DNA maharishis , is too great for small minds.



Punch into Google search-

SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN VADAKAYIL

TEE HEEEE !





Above” The Art Of Living video ( Triple Sri stuff )  above is only to show the visual of how the damaru beats.   The explanation given is EXTREME mindless bullsh#t.    

As the post progresses I will tell you what the beat of this drum is all about.  Hindus deserve to know it. It is a disgrace that this damaru is so much misunderstood.

The purpose of the sun is NOT for retards in a mental asylum , to play snake and monkey shadow games— the sun sustains life on planet earth.

Shiva’s damaru beat the Sri Yantra into existence.   

Below: Sri Yantra in 3D


Below : Sri Yantra in 2D

Sri Yantra in 3D is--   9 interlocking cones ( VORTEX SPIRAL ) of energy.   5 spiraling energy cones from top and 4 from bottom interlock , to form a 2D geometry as below.


By the way, a cosmic spinning vortex is represented by SWASTIKA ,  the symbol of Emperor Vikramaditya who ruled from Palestine to Urals to Vietnam.  

Swastika symbols have been found in far flung areas of this planet—Emperor Vikramaditya's hawks and homing pigeons ( fax machines of that age ) use to have a golden swastika royal seal strapped around their legs.


 Everything is energy.   All energy is a vortex . The right handed Swastika finds relevance is almost every aspect of Hindu culture.  It adorns the puja ( prayer ) room in my own home .




Hitler getting influenced by Alfred Rosenberg adopted the divine Swastika ( right handed Hindu symbol ) for his Nazi party.   




So today most of the ignorant west considers this holy symbol as a symbol to be hated, just because Hitler used it.



Energy in a vortex acts as a frequency converter. Our brain stores information in a holographic form. A zero point field has electromagnetic counter rotating energy spirals which interconnects with the larger macroscopic cosmos through which consciousness manifests into space-time-matter.

 

Above: Sri Yantra, the geometrical illustration of the Hindu king Mantra OM , a vibration that created the Universe.

The Sri yantra is holographic, a shiva-shakti representation ,  in that every bit of it contains all of it.  
Sri Yantra is the pictoral representation of OM. 



Om is the king mantra of Hinduism.   It has a numerical representation of 108, the reason why all Hindu rudraksha malas contain 108 beads.

Sri Yantra geometry was used in the construction of the Egyptian pyramids, whose architects were Maharishis from India.

A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”.

This means "as a person puts on new garment, giving up the old ones, the soul similarly accepts a new material body giving up the old and the useless ones".  

This explains the ritual of the mummy making and the elaborate burial system in the Egyptian civilization where efforts are made to make the soul comfortable with all necessary things because they believed that the soul will need all these till it finds a material body. Reincarnation in short.  This is a Hindu Vedic concept.—nobody else can claim this Sanskrit verse.

The great pyramid of Cheops Egypt has a base angle 51 deg 49 minutes like the 11000 year old Sri Yantra geometry large pyramid, showing exactly the same relationship between pi and phi . The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.61803). It is a sure indication that the Pharaoh's architects were NOT from Egypt.

The most difficult part is that all 54 triple intersections meet at the same point.  It requires a great deal of intelligence— to draw this on 2D.   The Sri Yantra is a union of Shiva and Shakti ( male /female  or opposites )   .

So the number 54 pans out to 108, the divine Hindu number of OM- in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.   


"OM is this imperishable Word.   OM is the universe, and this is the exposition OM.  The past, present and the future, all that was, all that is, all that will be is OM.  Likewise all else that may exist  beyond the bounds of time, that, too, is OM."  ( Verse 1- Mandulya Upanishad 5000 BC )

54 is the number of Sanskrit alphabets ( my mother tongue Malayalam too ) beaten out by the damaru of Lord Shiva which Panini heard in his meditational trance.



Below : Sri Yantra crop circle in USA 




On Aug 10th 1990, the Crop circle of the PERFECT Sri Yantra 13.3 miles long lines ( 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep ) , was etched on a wet Mickey basin lake bed, at Alvord desert, overnight and was photographed by a Oregon US airforce pilot.   

It’s location in the desert of eastern Oregon is now a “sacred place” for UFO watchers worldwide who still make the journey to the Mikey Basin to be near the site where Sri Yantra was first discovered.

Two hillybillys came up and told the press that they made it overnight with ropes and boards . These two MORONS were given a piece of A4 sheet paper, and told to draw a Sri Yantra on it— and take as long as many months as they want.   




There were no footprints or tyre marks in the soft mud-- unlike the quintessential corn crop circle which cannot record footprints.

See it is NOT easy to get the 54 triple intersections right – at a DOT , instead of a cocked hat.




51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the great Egyptian  pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.



Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 9000 BC --see video below.




All Hindu  mantras are repeated 108 times. 

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .   

54 devas and asuras had churned for the amrit or holy nectar. 

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.  

12 rashis and 9 navagrahas of Hindu astrology multiply to 108.. Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas.   

Shiva, Ganesha and Krishna has 108 names. The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived.



The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music ( shabda brahman ) resonating through hyperspace.  

The dot in the middle of the Sri Yantra is Bindu, the witness  ( consciousness ).   The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony, melody and notes.

Below: Perfect art of Shabda Brahman. ( OM- 7.83 hertz )



How many of you have ever bothered to examine a beehive.  Can you believe that the perfect hexagon is created by OM ( 7.83 hertz harmonic )  — just a SHABDA BRAHMAN vibration emitted by the bees. Shabda Brahman ( sound ) is a great morphogenetic organizing force without which no matter can be formed.

Dmitri Ivanovich Mendeleev , the great Russian chemist and inventor formulated the Periodic Law, and the periodic table of elements.  

He was denied a Nobel prize for telling that his table is based on the divine Sanskrit alphabets. Mendeleev, studied Sanskrit at a university in St Petersburg, used Sanskrit prefixes eka, dvi, and tri to name those yet-to-be-discovered elements.  

Mendeleev had expressed his appreciation and debt to the great Sanskrit grammarian Panini of ancient India, who had created sophisticated theories of language based on their discovery of the two-dimensional patterns in basic sounds.

He had to be punished for praising a coolie race fit to be ruled by the white man, and evil pagan religion.
Like Nikola Tesla Mendeleev also saw the Sri Yantra in his dreams.

"I saw in a dream a table where all elements fell into place as required. Awakening, I immediately wrote it down on a piece of paper." —Mendeleev





Like the musical scale of Sanskrit, the elements in the periodic table are also arranged, very logically, in rows and columns based on how each letter is pronounced.   

This knowledge was the reason why I was able to shoot NASA with their own sh#t, when they gave mindless bull to this planet. 

They found Arsenic in DNA.

WHOOOOOHAH  !

This was the breaking news – nay— SCOOP OF THE CENTURY .

 Arsenic and phosphorus are also chemically analagous — arsenic is directly below phosphorus on Mendeleeyev’s periodic table, and the elements have the same number of electrons in their outer shells, which makes them behave similarly.

So swapping arsenic for phosphorus is no big deal, even it NASA's great discovery is true.

Punch into Google search-
DNA , NASA, ARSENIC AND PHOSPHORUS VADAKAYIL

You can just punch DNA NASA in google search , and my post above will come on page one , item one among 37 million posts.  This is the meaning of blog posts with creative original content.

Mendeleev gleaned that Panini did the phonological patterning of Sanskrit alphabet sounds as a function of their articulatory properties.  So he just  arranged the chemical properties of elements are a function of their atomic weights.  

This is impossible unless Sanskrit is a divine language.  

This is why Sanskrit mantras can reprogram human DNA.  You may scoff, but even homosexuality can be cured.

Punch into Google search-

POWER OF MANTRAS ON HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS VADAKAYIL

Mendeleev noted how Panini broke the phonetic parallelism of sounds when the simplicity of the system required it, e.g. putting the velar to the right of the labial in the nasal row. So he gave priority to isomorphism over atomic weights when they conflicted, e.g. putting beryllium in the magnesium family because it patterns with it even though, by atomic weight, it seemed to belong with nitrogen and phosphorus.   In both cases, the periodicities they discovered would later be explained by a theory of the internal structure of the elements.

Below: OM is the sound vehicle of Shabda-Brahman





Lord Siva produced 14 sound sequences from the Damaru while in the throes of his tandav. These sounds formed the foundations for later developments of all phenomes of speech, notes of music and beats of dance.

These sounds were heard by Panini while in a meditational trance and penned down as the Siva Sutras in his Ashtadhyayi.   Sound was structured to provide speech. Though speech was designed for communication among humans themselves, the maharishis also realized that it should also serve to elevate the level of human consciousness by mantras.

Vedas penned in 7000 years ago, states that cosmic creation began  with sound, and thus sound is a sure spiritual tool  to liberation.  

I have explained the beej mantras –

punch into Google search-

BEEJ MANTRA , ANUSWARAM NASAL SOUND , PRIMORDIAL LONGITUDINAL WAVE SOUND FREQUENCY  VADAKAYIL


Wanna read the POISON INJECTED by the white historian into our damaru?



QUOTE :  The hourglass-shaped drum known in Sanskrit as "damaru" is an instrument used in ritual shamanic performances in India .  

Fashioned out of a human cranium, the drum is comprised of two skulls: a boy of sixteen and a girl of twelve .  

Monkey skins are stretched tightly over the skulls.

One side is smeared with sperm, and the other side is decorated with a lotus blossom coated with a twelve year old girl's menstrual blood.  ( hey, you forgot about sh#t and piss ! TEE HEEE !! )

The hide is then pierced with sixteen holes and attached to the drum with human hair.  The whirling balls are made of the bones of a waterbird's foot ( Oh boy ! ) and wrapped in wax and cloth.

The damaru drum is an ancient and spiritually potent symbolic medium for ritual music and magic used to communicate the intangible abstract other world through the senses.

In India, the damaru is so highly regarded as a spiritual instrument that everything to do with it is ritualized. It must even be correctly placed with the male skull to the musician's right and the female to his left in accordance with the traditional Shiva Shakti  order -  UNQUOTE 



Every Indian must know that vegetarian religion Hindusim  NEVER EVER allowed animal sacrifice , leave alone human sacrifice.  

All these are poison injected into Hinduism by the immoral white Christian invader to make us self loathing. 
The British used their stooge sankaracharyas planted into their FAKE mutts to full advantage.

The BLOOD offering of sacrifice is coconut electrolytic plasma which spills out when a cocnut is smashed , causing the quantum butterfly effect and solition wave..

Punch into Google search-

THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT  COCONUT BREAKING VADAKAYIL




The Malayalam is the most Sanskritised of all language on this planet. 

The simple fact is that the namboodiris held all the 4 vedas  till in 2000 BC, Adi Shankaracharya took all the vedas out of Kerala and distributed it to the 4 original mutts he created.  

The mutts are Jyothir Mutt at Badrinath in northern India with Atharva Veda; Sarada Mutt at Sringeri in southern India with Yajur Veda;  Govardhan Mutt at Jaganath Puri in eastern India with Rig Veda and Kalika Mutt at Dwarka in western India with Sama Veda.

Malayalam alphabet consists of 54 letters, 18 of which are vowels. It is a syllabic alphabet in which all consonants have an inherent vowel.

Let me let out a secret.  

Many people wonder if their Kundalinis are indeed rising .  

If it rises through the correct Sushumna Nadi  certain sounds are heard as the awakened kundalini rises up through the chakras:
at muladhara - the chirping of a cricket
at svadhisthana - the tinkling of an anklet
at manipura- the sound of a bell
at anahata - the music of a flute



The damaru drum has a hour glass construction.   

When a damaru is vibrated, it produces dissimilar sounds which are fused together by resonance to create one sound.  

Modern science calls this BINAURAL beats— just lifted immorally from ancient vedic knowledge penned down 7000 years ago.



The sound thus produced symbolizes Nada, the cosmic sound of AUM of 7.83 hertz  which can be heard during deep meditation.   According to Hindu scriptures, Nada is the source of creation.

The human range is on average from 20 to 20,000 Hz.

If 300 Hz is played in one ear and 306 hz is played in the other ear via stereo headphones the binaural frequency will be 6 hertz . 

7.83 Hz This is Schumann’s resonance frequency or earth’s heart beat or frequency of Hindu king mantra OM frequency - a sound which cannot be heard by the ears( unless it is a harmonic ) but can be heard by the heart.

Frequencies of the brain are below 40 hertz.   Binaural beats in the theta (4 to 8 Hz) range have been associated with meditation and shamanic states of consciousness. Theta increases creativity, enhances learning, reduces stress, and awakens intuition.

Punch into Google search-
IN THE THETA STATE VADAKAYIL


This third tone, of 6 Hz, the binaural beat, is below the range of human hearing, the only way the brain can acknowledge this tone is if both hemispheres of the brain are connected.  The act of listening to this wavering stimulates the two halves of the brain to connect.  This effect on the brain is called hemispheric synchronization. 

Both the hemispheres of the brain connect and begin working together in order to recognize this difference between the two sounds.  Magnetic resonance imaging results of the brain in this state of synchronized hemispheres show a huge increase in the activation of areas in both sides of the brain.





Above: In Kerala temples the damaru drum is large and is beaten with fingers -- called TIMILA -one of the 5 instruments of panchavadhyam.  

 

It takes a lifetime to master TIMILA 



You will NOT understand SHABDA BRAHMAN unless you have a basic understanding of the chakras.



Punch into google search-
CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER VADAKAYIL





"The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.   



Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

I must digress-

Even today the west have NOT yet understood Vedic metaphysics.  Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”. 

Its object is to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole. It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce.  

Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . A cloud appears to consist of some white, fleecy substance, although in reality it is a concentration of drops of water.  

A metaphysician is a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands.  He can refute by debate, through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions. 

Orpheus is the founder of a sect, called the 'Orphics'.   

A man no less than Herodotus wrote that  the mysteries of the Orphics were brought to Europe from India.  

The Greek philosopher Pythagoras was a member of the Orphic sect and that he why he came to Kerala by ship. Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.  



Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence .



Orpheus , a strict Hindu vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" ( vegetarian food ) he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king." 

The original sitar has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets, and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings. 



It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale. 

Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence .   

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).  All Greek astrology is though Orpheus. Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi). 

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre. Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celibate sage.


The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld.



Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 



This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Punch INTO Google Search-


KUDAJADRI MOUNTAIN, CHITRAMOOLA CAVE, ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL



One of my readers just asked me why BJP is weak in Kerala.  The answer is that there are too many Hindus who have converted to Islam, Christianity and soulless Rothschild Communism. 

The reason is two pronged.

The excesses of Namboodiri Brahmins  and the arrival of other religions to the place of its birth ( at Kondungallur / Muzris ) the cultural capital of the Calicut King ( my home town ).

The world’s second church , mosque and synagogue was situated in Kodungallur.  The synagogue was destroyed by the Portuguese Catholic  bigots and shifted to Kochi.  The church and mosque are still there.

The Koran was edited at Kodungallur Cheraman Perumal Masjid, as Muhammad was a Namboodiri.

The Kodungallur St Thomas church is far senior to even Vatican ( Peter ).   Let NOT the white Christian man claim superiority.   The original Christians converted in Kerala by St Thomas ( called Syrian Christians ) were Jews. These Jewish converts were  called Nazranis bythe locals.

They were Jews  who ran away from Roman persecution , and NOT Hindu Namboodiris,  who held all 4 aces in the game of life.

The mother of Jewish King Solomon, Bath Sheba was a Namboodiri woman.

In 721 BC during the Assyrian invasion of Jerusalem, Jews came to Calicut for refuge.   In 587 BC when Nebuchadnazzer destroyed King Solomon’s temple after a two year siege, and hundreds of Jews landed up for refuge.    In 72 AD ,when  Roman emperor Titus persecuted Jews and 10000 Jews landed at Calicut, and St Thomas was alive to receive them .  

In 135 AD- Bar Kokhba was killed by Roman emperor Hadrian, over circumcision ,  and hundreds of Jews landed at Calicut, to avoid extermination.

When St Thomas died in 72 AD in Kerala ( Tamils contest this as Mylapore ), the word CHRISTIAN had NOT been formed at Antioch by martyred Ignatius.   The seat of the patriarchate was formerly Antioch, which is now in Turkey. 



In the 15th century, it was moved to Syria in response to the Ottoman invasion. The Roman Catholic Church also claimed the patriarchate and appointed titular Latin rite patriarchs for many centuries until it renounced those claims in 1964, for good.  

Antioch was the capital of Syria before Christ was born.  Antioch was a chief center of early Christianity. The city had a large population of Namboodiri descendants and Hindus in a Jewish origin in a quarter called the Kerateion.


When St Thomas was alive  the followers of Christ were known as Nazranis, a name that continues to be used in Kerala.

The origin of the term "Christian" is given in Acts 11:25-26 as follows:   Then departed Barnabas to Tarsus, for to seek Saul, and when he had found him, he brought him unto Antioch. And it came to pass, that a whole year they assembled themselves with the church, and taught much people. And the disciples were called Christians first in Antioch.

Syrian Christians must know that St. Thomas converted the Palestine Jews, ( and NOT Namboodiri Brahmins as they falsely claim  ) who were already in Kerala.  In early Christian times, 'Nazraanis' were not a separate religion, but merely a sect in the Jewish community  .   

The Jews who were converted by St. Thomas , continued worshiping in synagogues till churches were made later on in time.  


Cheraman Perumal mosque was almost like Mecca to the ancient Muslim.   Islamic stawarts like Ibn Batuta, Admiral Zheng He etc visited the Cheraman Perumal mosque.    

Only with the Catholic invader, Vasco Da Gama arriving in Calicut in 1498 AD, did Kodungallur lose its Islamic importance ,with the Christian influence going higher.

The British Christian SABOTAGED the Hindus in Kodungallur .  This is the real meaning of SABOTAGE.

Punch into Google search-
KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL VADAKAYIL

So, why did the fleeing Jew come half way round the world from Palestine to Kerala?

Why not some closer place, in some other direction ?



The reason is Judaism ( with its racist Talmud ) was created by a band of disgraced Namboodiris.

There is NO reason for a Hindu to be self loathing.  All these stories of pagan Hindus worshipping 33 million gods is all poison injected by the white invader, who also created thousands of FAKE gods for us.

THE ORIGINAL GOD OF SANATANA DHARMA IS CALLED BRAHMAN  –  A MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD, WHICH CANNOT BE SEEN .  ISLAM HAS LIFTED THIS CONCEPT.

brahmIn is a mortal ,  brahmAn is god.

There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  --  the akasha , the space between the whizzing  electrons in an atom. 

An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force.  The conscious intelligent field lies in the empty space in between the electrons.  99.9999% of every atom is empty space.  What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.99 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.  We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.99% space.  



The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.   It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”  Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . -limitless power.  This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit.  Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus. 

Shifting a single electron from an orbit changes the element.  Water molecule is H2O.  In other words, 2 atoms of Hydrogen and 1 atom of Oxygen.  Two gases combine to make a liquid.  It is not a material difference:  the protons are still protons, the electrons still electrons.  When an electron is  made to rise up to another shell or orbit and some energy was needed for this shift upwards to be done – this energy is the brahmAn.

Below:  The perfect art of SHABDA BRAHMAN ( OM 7.83 hertz)  



Dimitry Mendeleyev noted that Indian Sanskrit grammarian Panini who could think about this progression in alphabets of  a language 7000 years ago .  Hydrogen, the simplest atom, has 1 proton in the nucleus and 1 electron in orbit. 

Helium has 2.    3 protons in the nucleus and 3 electrons in orbit is no longer a gas,  it is like magic . Lithium, a silver-white light weight metal of atomic number 3 .  It goes on and on to Seaborgium, with 106 protons in the nucleus and electron configuration 2-8-18-32-32-12-2. 



Therefore, the difference between all matter is electromagnetic energy created by the different number of these charged particles, not in the basic make up of these particles as individuals.  The reason Nitrogen and Oxygen are such different gases cannot be that Nitrogen has 7 protons and 7 electrons and that Oxygen has 8 of each. 



Hence it is the different amount of electromagnetic energy that that one proton and one electron make that changes the substance. The difference is not in the makeup of the particles, but in the space between the particles in orbit (electrons) and the nucleus (with protons). That space is the substance of everything. That space is electromagnetic energy.  

That space is “reality.” That space is the atom.  Electromagnetism is the substance of everything.  In essence, that “intelligent morphogenetic space” ( brahmAn )is the substance of all structure.  

Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva –these are intelligent fields again, which we have personalized with female consorts.

OM is the primordial throb of the universe.  It is the sound form of Atma (Consciousness).  - Maitri Upanishad 5000 BC.

The Hindu King mantra OM ( shabda brahman ) has been lifted by other religions and races. These lifted versions have zilch magic.

Christainity has mirrored it as AMEN.

Islam has mirrored it as 786.   When you show the OM symbol into a mirror you can read right to left as  7-8-6.

Judaism has mirrored it to SHALOM.

Sikhism has mirrored it to OMKAR.

In ancient Egypt AMUN was used as a preface to all their gods.   Example - the Sun god, Ra, as Amun-Ra, mentioned in old pyramids . Ra ( ravi ) is sun in Sanskrit.  




 The Jewish Talmud says SHALOM is the name of God . (Pereq ha-Shalom, Shab. 10b), (Judges 6:24); therefore, one is not permitted to greet another with the word SHALOM in unholy places such as a bathroom (Talmud, Shabbat, 10b).



Putin went to visit Stonehenge at Arkaim when the Russians found  the ancient Swastika symbol. The Russian Arkaim Stonehenge is 3000 years older than the British Stonehenge.   The original name is ARKOM .   Ark is sun is sun in Sanskrit , OM is brahmAn.



Below: in 7000 BC, Emperor Vikramaditya ruled from Paletine to Urals to Vietnam.




WHAAAAA—

What the hell?

Why is everybody after the as$ of OM ?

Well there is a good reason,  my dear.

OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.  The spiritual efficacy of Om is heard, not by the ears but by the heart .  OM surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality

The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz. The rest in inaudible. This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear.  These cosmic sounds were heard by 12 strand DNA maharishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums.

However our brain can register the vibrations. Diviners use OM resonance to find water in arid areas. the spiritual efficacy of OM is NOT on the gross sound, but on the subtle sound which is heard by the heart and uttered by the mind. 



Uttering of Om is identifying oneself with the cosmic resonance the efficacy of the mantric power of Om emanates not only from its sound vibrations, but also from the inner attitude of the speaker-- his spiritual purity and his freedom from worldliness.

The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM. When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.

In our case, the brain and the global electric circuit resonance leads to a rise in amplitude in the waves dancing in our brain. Rise in amplitude causes a rise in our consciousness energy.

Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer. The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an antigravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water.

Th MMMM humming boosts the production of the magic molecule Nitric oxide in the body. This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago. In 1998, three research scientists won the Nobel prize in medicine when they discovered the natural nitric oxide cycle in our cells



OM tone has a vibratory massage effect on your organs. The vibrations penetrate the deepest tissues and nerve cells, blood circulation round the body increases, bringing much more oxygen to different organs and the secretion of hormonal glands is also stimulated.

OM vibration generates electro-magnetic waves which propagate throughout the body making you feel more dynamic and joyful. Most importantly, this amplifies your ability to visualize. The secrets of this universe are contained in energy , frequency and vibration.

There are 108 mudras, every mudra is preceeded by OM.  Every Mudra has to be preceded by OM 



Chanting OM stimulated your Vagus nerve which releases anti-ageing neuro-trasnsmitters.. It helps regenerate your organs and cells by activating stem cells.

Since life began, the Earth has been surrounding and protecting all living things with a natural frequency pulsation of 7.83 HZ—the ancient Indian 12 starnd maharishis called OM. 

Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as Schumann’s Resonance .  These frequencies start at 7.8 Hz and progress by approximately 5.9 Hz. (7.8, 13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3, and 43.2 Hz.). 



Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83,  13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3 and 43.2 Hertz of earth. We all know 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.



Ohm- 7.83Hz
Gam - 13.7Hz
Hleem - 19.6Hz
Hreem - 25.5Hz
Kleem - 31.4Hz
Krowm - 37.3Hz
Sreem - 43.2Hz

7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness.



Most people are in an alpha state during the short time immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious. When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch. 

It is, in fact, environmental synchronization. 

The frequency of the living Earth, the “Schumann Resonance” of 7.83 HZ is the lowest common denominator of psychic activity repeatedly observed by EEG and EKG observations. 




This global electromagnetic resonance phenomenon is named after physicist  Winfried Otto Schumann who lifted it from the 7000 year old Vedas and "predicted" it ( by hindsight ) mathematically in 1952.

Modern spacecrafts  contain a field generator  which simulates the Schumann waves  by producing a 7.83 Hz pulse to counter the effects of the irritating man-made fields.


I am the syllable OM...I am the sacred monosyllable...Among words, I am the monosyllable Om—Bhagawat Gita –Lord Krishna 4000 BC




"The goal which all the Vedas declare, which all austerities aim at, and which men desire when they lead the life of continence … is OM.  This syllable Om is indeed Brahman.  Whosoever knows this syllable obtains all that he desires.  This is the best support; this is the highest support.  Whosoever knows this support is adored in the world of Brahma."  - Katha Upanishad I- 5000 BC


The wisdom of OM has always been beyond the mental faculty nay-perception of the white invader who tried to convert it into a shepherd’s call to his goats to go home at sunset .

OM is the first mantra in the 4 Vedas and the 108 Upanishads.

OM is the first mantra and is the sound body of consciousness.  OM contains all the sounds in itself.

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga:----.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.


Four stages:  consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.



Our Vedas and Upanishads penned down in 7000 BC, after more than 28000 years in the oral route are coded and NOT for the non-perceptive.    





The white invader used his Indian stooges to inject poison into them.   The immoral white historian was successful , till the internet age kicked in.

Punch into Google search-
THE VEDAS AND UPANISHADS WRITTEN IN 5000 BC VADAKAYIL












From the Rigveda

1 Aitareya Upanishad
2 Aksha-Malika Upanishad - about rosary beads
3 Atma-Bodha Upanishad
4 Bahvricha Upanishad
5 Kaushitaki-Brahmana Upanishad
6 Mudgala Upanishad
7 Nada-Bindu Upanishad
8 Nirvana Upanishad
9 Saubhagya-Lakshmi Upanishad
10 Tripura Upanishad 



From the Shuklapaksha Yajurveda

11 Adhyatma Upanishad
12 Advaya-Taraka Upanishad
13 Bhikshuka Upanishad
14 Brihadaranyaka Upanishad
15 Hamsa Upanishad
16 Isavasya Upanishad
17 Jabala Upanishad
18 Mandala-Brahmana Upanishad
19 Mantrika Upanishad
20 Muktika Upanishad
21 Niralamba Upanishad
22 Paingala Upanishad
23 Paramahamsa Upanishad
24 Satyayaniya Upanishad
25 Subala Upanishad
26 Tara-Sara Upanishad
27 Trisikhi-Brahmana Upanishad
28 Turiyatita-Avadhuta Upanishad
29 Yajnavalkya Upanishad 



From the Krishnapaksha Yajurveda

30 Akshi Upanishad
31 Amrita-Bindhu Upanishad
32 Amrita-Nada Upanishad
33 Avadhuta Upanishad
34 Brahma-Vidya Upanishad
35 Brahma Upanishad
36 Dakshinamurti Upanishad
37 Dhyana-Bindu Upanishad
38 Ekakshara Upanishad
39 Garbha Upanishad
40 Kaivalya Upanishad
41 Kalagni-Rudra Upanishad
42 Kali-Santarana Upanishad
43 Katha Upanishad
44 Katharudra Upanishad
45 Kshurika Upanishad
46 Maha-Narayana (or) Yajniki Upanishad
47 Pancha-Brahma Upanishad
48 Pranagnihotra Upanishad
49 Rudra-Hridaya Upanishad
50 Sarasvati-Rahasya Upanishad
51 Sariraka Upanishad
52 Sarva-Sara Upanishad
53 Skanda Upanishad
54 Suka-Rahasya Upanishad
55 Svetasvatara Upanishad
56 Taittiriya Upanishad
57 Tejo-Bindu Upanishad
58 Varaha Upanishad
59 Yoga-Kundalini Upanishad
60 Yoga-Sikha Upanishad
61 Yoga-Tattva Upanishad



From the Samaveda

62 Aruni (Aruneyi) Upanishad
63 Avyakta Upanishad
64 Chandogya Upanishad
65 Darsana Upanishad
66 Jabali Upanishad
67 Kena Upanishad
68 Kundika Upanishad
69 Maha Upanishad
70 Maitrayani Upanishad
71 Maitreya Upanishad
72 Rudraksha-Jabala Upanishad
73 Sannyasa Upanishad
74 Savitri Upanishad
75 Vajrasuchika Upanishad
76 Vasudeva Upanishad
77 Yoga-Chudamani Upanishad



From the Atharvaveda

78 Annapurna Upanishad
79 Atharvasikha Upanishad
80 Atharvasiras Upanishad
81 Atma Upanishad
82 Bhasma-Jabala Upanishad
83 Bhavana Upanishad
84 Brihad-Jabala Upanishad
85 Dattatreya Upanishad
86 Devi Upanishad
87 Ganapati Upanishad
88 Garuda Upanishad
89 Gopala-Tapaniya Upanishad
90 Hayagriva Upanishad
91 Krishna Upanishad
92 Maha-Vakya Upanishad
93 Mandukya Upanishad
94 Mundaka Upanishad
95 Narada-Parivrajaka Upanishad
96 Nrisimha-Tapaniya Upanishad
97 Para-Brahma Upanishad
98 Paramahamsa-Parivrajaka Upanishad
99 Pasupata Brahmana Upanishad
100 Prasna Upanishad
101 Rama Rahasya Upanishad
102 Rama-Tapaniya Upanishad
103 Sandilya Upanishad
104Sarabha Upanishad
105 Sita Upanishad
106 Surya Upanishad
107 Tripadvibhuti-Mahanarayana Upanishad
108 Tripura-Tapini Upanishad







arthashrayatvam shabdasya
drashtur lingatvam eva ca
tan-matratvam ca nabhaso
lakshanam kavayo viduh
Srimad Bhagavatam (3.26.33)—5000 BC

"Persons who are learned and who have true knowledge define sound as that which conveys the idea of an object, indicates the presence of a speaker and constitutes the subtle form of ether."

Shepherds verses indeed !

The immoral white invader , after injecting our ancient scriptures in poison, gave the relevant information to some of their sponsored heroes , who did NOT know Sanskrit and would take more 10 life times to master the 4 Vedas and 108 Upanishads..  



Wanna read one of those ?

Punch into Google search-
RIDDLES IN HINDUISM PDF


Below: Could the man who wrote about RIDDLES understand the wisdom below ?



Also punch into Google search-

CNN IBN POLL GREATEST INDIAN SINCE  GANDHI VADAKAYIL

and

HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE VADAKAYIL



“Om ityetadaksharam idam sarvam, tasyopavyakhyanam bhutam bhavat bhavishyaditi sarvam omkara eva.”-  Mandukya  Upanishad -5000 BC

“The Imperishable is OM, and it is 'all this'.   All this, whatever is visible, whatever is cognisable, whatever can come within the purview of sense-perception, inference or verbal testimony, whatever can be comprehended under the single term, creation all this is OM.” 



A cosmic creative vibration (called sphota or explosion) arises between Shiva and Shakti called Nada. This Nada then gets consolidated into Shabda Brahman (differentiated sound energy), the universal cosmic resonance, symbolized by OM.   From this arises cosmic intelligence that is responsible for the creation.  

The Taithiriya Upanishad says that "with OM, Brahma begins creation."   It means the whole creation comes out of sound.



The cosmos is vibrant with a mystic melody comprising planetary chimes as well as the plaintive song of atoms, unknown to us and unheard by us.



And unheard by us is even the strident crescendo of the universal orchestration in which galaxies, stars and planets whirl around perpetually in spirals, cycles, whorls and vortices causing incessant resonance,  was  the incessant boom of the damaru of Lord Shiva during his frenzied tandav or cosmic dance.



This unheard, dynamic vibrato is recognized in the Vedas as the sound-vehicle of the power of Brahman permeating the cosmos as the forces of creation and destruction.  It is called the Shabda Brahman, that is the Ultimate Reality in its aspect of sound.  

However, the unheard cosmic sounds, the symphony of Shabda-Brahman, was heard by the 12 stranded Vedic Maharishis in their spiritual trances and is enshrined in the Upanishads as the syllable.  

OM is the quintessence, the seed-syllable of the universe.  Mantra is the sound-body of consciousness.   Our 7000 year old Vedas say that matter is created from vibrations.

The Yoga Shiksha Upanishad says: “That indestructible transcendent vibrating sound is Shabda-Brahman.”

Nada yoga  is an ancient Indian metaphysical system which is based on the premise that the entire cosmos and all that exists in the cosmos, including human beings, consists of sound vibrations, called nada.  


This concept holds that it is the sound energy in motion rather than of matter and particles which form the building blocks of the cosmos. 



The longitudinal sound wave or scalar wave creates.




Matter is created by vibrations.  On a macro scale everything is longitudinal sound.   On a micro scale every disease is musical disharmony.   

Primal sound is  referred to as Shabda Brahman - "God as word".  Closely related to this is the concept of Nada Brahman - "God as sound".


Just in case you wonder what is SHABDA and what is NADA – the former is masculine connoting artha ( meaning ) while the latter is feminine signifying the voiced sound . 

Music is Nada.  

The fundamental structure of the universe is based on Nada or sound vibrations.  

A mantra in its purest form , the inner power , is a manifestation of Nada.  

The movement of prana ( energy )  in the body is an expression of Nada.  

Nada is the celestial music within us. The word Nada is derived from the Sanskrit root nad, meaning “union through sound.” 


Again, Nada refers to the vibrations which make up the sound.  Shabda refers to a discreet sound, separate from the meaning it conveys.

The Nada Yogi  sees the whole macrocosmic and microcosmic world as made up of sound. The Nada Yogi experiences the macrocosmic universe as a projection of sound vibrations; the whole world as having developed from sound alone. 





Nada means not only sound, but energy, flow and pitch.  Thus Nada Yoga,  in a deeper sense is the science of vibration.  Quantum physics agrees with our 7000 year old Vedas that vibration (sound) is the essence of all forms in the creation.  Sound vibration brings into being the visual world of forms.




Pandit Omkarnath Thakur, was a Nada yogi , a super sound engineer , a great Indian classical  musician .  In 1933, while on a European tour , Adolf Hitler directed him to Benito Mussolini, who was unable to sleep for many days due to stress.  Thakur performed the Raga Puriya , a hexatonic raga and put Mussolini to deep REM sleep within a few minutes.



Above : A nada yogi believes that the micro and macro world is nothing but a projection of sound alone.  This music is from the RIGHT brain lobe ( sub-conscious ) for a roght hander.


Indian classical music is nada yoga, where the music is rendered absolutely scientific and classical in order to experience the nada.   




The development of Indian classical musical systems in the past was done strictly in accordance with the views of nada yoga sadhanas. 


Below: The fundamental theory of Indian classical music, art and poetry is grounded in the theory of Nada Brahman or Shabda Brahman, and is linked with the Sanatana Dharma.




The 7000 year old Sama Veda is always sung with a scientific exactness and in accordance with nada yoga sadhana. 



Below:  Gods of modern LEFT BRAIN LOBE music --baby baaby baaybeee TEE HEEEEEE !




Like I said before, when a damaru is beaten, it produces dissimilar sounds which are fused together by resonance to create one sound.   According to our Vedas , Nada is the source of creation.  



In the ancient wisdom of the Sanatana Dharma, the medium of creation is conscious sound vibration.  

"By His utterance came the universe." (Brihadaranyaka Upanishad 1.2.4) 5000 BC.

Now Nada also contains sounds beyond the human audible range. But these sounds were perceptible to a 12 strand DNA maharishi.  Nada is the sound that exists in all Kundalini Chakras.  In the heart it exists as Anahata (unstruck sound).   

Shabda and Nada manifested in the cosmic energy of sound give rise to the energies of heat, light and other basic streams of energy  existing in the universe.  The Nada (cosmic vibration) of the Shabda (eternal sound) is the originator of everything that exists in nature. 

When a damaru is vibrated, it produces dissimilar sounds which are fused together by resonance to create one single sound  .  When the Damaru is twisted in one revolution, it often makes the sounds of three successive tones.  

Panini formulated the rules of Sanskrit morphology, syntax and semantics in fourteen verses, from the  sounds of Lord Shiva's Damaru, called Maheshwara Sutrani.  These Sutras are also known as Aṣṭadhyayi, meaning eight chapters, the foundational text of the grammatical branch of the Vedanga.  The knowledge of Shabda BrahmAn - Nada BrahmAn is thus the most important branch of the Indian school of spirituality. . 



It is from this ancient Vedic wisdom that modern science developed sound engineering. Sound frequencies are now being used in modern hospitals  to stimulate new cellular growth,  resolve tumors, dissolve calcium deposits, stimulate new neurological development, deliver nourishment, detoxify, resolve paralysis, remove plaque and tooth decay, act as a carrier frequency to deliver higher forms of knowledge and information, even scan and harvest information.  

Sonocytology is the study of cell sounds.  Dead cells with low electrical charge emitted a low rumbling like radio static.  Distinguishing between the sound signatures of healthy and diseased cells WILL be a part of the medicine of the future.  

Punch into Google search-

HEALING BY INCREASING CELL VOLTAGE VADAKAYIL

and

CELLULAR MEMORY, COMPLETE HEALING  VADAKAYIL


You may NOT understand the post below , as it deals with a longitudinal wave called scalar wave , faster than light, and which cannot be trapped by Faradays’s cage. This is a form of healing that Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn.

Punch into Google search-


TIME REVERSAL OF BODY CELLS BY SCALAR WAVES VADAKAYIL

Sound operates through the law of Resonance. Resonance eliminates the limitations of the "sender and receiver dynamic."  Resonance is where two become one, where minds join.

Resonance is, in itself, a state of awareness and experiential knowing far beyond concept and mental, cognitive thinking. On the vibration field-form-body-time level, resonance is the experiential state of Oneness.

Modern scientists have studied the efficacy of the sonic wave forms of ancient Sanskrit mantras  in healing. 

The ultrasonometer  is used for triggering different chemical reactions via the effect of ultrasound.  The stirrer used in this device can be made to stir ( ultrasound) so fast that in no time it can make the steady water – contained around it – churn violently like that during boiling at maximum pace.  

As far as the sonic effects are concerned, the subtle power of a mantra, if focused, can be more ‘explosive’ than the nuclear power. 

When ancient Vedas talked about the power of an atom,  the West  smirked and laughed out of sarcasm, right?




Sound has the ability to affect whatever forms it comes into contact with by exposing that form to a different rate of frequency vibration. Sound has the ability to bring this place back into Oneness by changing its rate of vibration through sympathetic vibration called resonance. 



This scalar wave works on the root cause of the disease within the sub-conscious mind, modern people call Reiki nowadays.  Scalar waves are ELF longitudinal waves and can penetrate anything.  Submarines communicate in this frequency.  ELF fields can change the characteristics of neurotransmitters and hormones.

When two energy fields exactly cancel out each other the 5th dimension is accessed which is all pervasive and has the power to heal.  Both scalar waves and sound waves are longitudinal.



The human body generates scalar waves from the mobius coils ( figure of eight ) of the DNA and the mobius coils of the circulatory system. When the left and right sides of the brain lobes and the circulatory system in front of the lungs, are in balance the human body generates scalar waves.



A scalar energy field cannot be measured . However the field can be photographed with a Kirlean camera. For skeptics-- holding a small double terminated quartz crystal doubles the photographic portion of the aura.

Scalar energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters, thus promoting biochemical functions of water regulated activities within the body--revitalising the metabolic functions. Scalar fields permeate the body tissues and enhance ion transport at cellular level.

In March 2009, Vatican alarmed by infusion of Hindu Sanskrit terms like CHAKRA has banned Reiki from all Catholic institutions.  


Below:  The seven basic swaras (musical notes) of the musical octave have a one-to-one correspondence with the chakras.



In 6000 year old Ayurveda, the final product of the digestive process is an etherial substance called ojas which resides primarily in the heart ( Anahata chakra ) .  It is essential to good health.  The best way to improve ojas is to sing the name of God.  Food is tasteless to you and you have a bad stomach , while in morbid fear or in acute depression






The potential of all psychic energies resides coiled up as the Kundalini in the Muladhara and is raised through sustained yogic self effort.  This is by an upward ascent of the energies through the successive Chakras through a central channel called the Sushumna which is normally closed, but can be opened by special yogic effort.  Two supplementary channels called the Ida and Pingala along side the Sushumna run along the spinal column and are normally open and serve the flow of the normal energies sustaining life’s normal activities.  



When the energies rising through the successive Chakras along the Sushumna reach the Sahasrara, the individual merges in the highest Consciousness level of the Divine. Kundalini is connected with the nervous and endocrinal systems of the body and a linkage with the physical, mental, emotional, psychological and spiritual components of the human personality.

This is the type of paranoia which made Vatican burn all their Templar Crusader Knights ( Catholic heroes really ) on the stake -- for they were caught doing Kundalini raising, Mudra, Tantra , Chakra cleansing Reiki ,, chanting Mantras and worshipping Shiva Lingam black meteorite stones and Narasimha avatar of Lord Vishnu... .

Punch into Google search-
SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS VADAKAYIL

Sound vibrations are intimately connected to our “prana” or “life energy.  While Physics has gone beyond the atom to the sub-atomic NANO world, biology foolishly has stopped at the molecular world where the protein chemistry of life’s activities is rooted.  

If modern medicine has to progress they must consider that we are electrically charged and sound bathed cellular creatures.  The 7000 year old Vishnu Purana, states that “The Spirit Is Clothed With Sound”.

A cosmic creative vibration ( sphota ) arises between Shiva and Shakti called Nada.  This Nada then gets consolidated into Shabda Brahman (differentiated sound energy), the universal cosmic resonance, symbolized by OM.  From this arises cosmic intelligence that is responsible for the creation.   

There are two types of nada.  

The first is ahata nada, which is struck sound, sound that is produced, sound that gives an immediate  impact, sound of all kinds whether a human being can hear it or not.   This, of course, is the same as the western understanding of sound as always coming from movement, from something having been struck, either the wind through the vocal cords or through a reed, or the percussive sound of the plucking of strings or the beating of a drum membrane. External music is conveyed to consciousness via the ears, in which mechanical energy is converted to electrochemical energy and then transformed in the brain to sensations of sound

But according to the ancient wisdom of Indian philosophy there is yet another type of sound which is the source of the first, anahata nada, cosmic sound.  This is sound that is potential, thought but not expressed.   This cosmic sound is perceptible only to the 12 strand DNA Maharishi -- the unstruck sound which vibrates in space without a cause, the sound that is produced from the ether.    

The anahata nada  is also the sound of devotion and concentration, the sound that the yogi hears in deep meditation whose function is to liberate the soul.  Inner sound is sacred and once reached will open the practitioner's chakras, which ultimately will unite the body to the divine.  The inner music owes its reception to the subtle heart chakra, also known as anahata chakra, which is not a sensory organ.


Music is a painting on the canvas of silence. If every sound on this cosmos and planet earth were simultaneously recorded, there would be only one single sound OM.   Nada is not a part of dhvani (external sound).  Rather dhvani instead arises as a projection of nada.

If we invoke sound,  we also invoke the trinity gods of Lords  Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva, because they are nothing other than a scalar fields who are personalised.

Everything that exists can be reduced to two concepts: consciousness and manifestations. Manifestations are dependent on consciousness. In Tantra, consciousness is called Shiva, and manifestation, which is also seen as power, is called Shakti.  In BrahmAn, Shakti only exists as a potential. . Shiva as an observer is called Para Shiva and the observed is called Para Shakti.

The Sankhya-Yoga system divides all knowable phenomena into 25 Tattvas.   Tattva is a Sanskrit and Malayalam word meaning  'principle', 'reality' .

 25. Purusha – the sentient being (consciousness), the experiencer
24. Prakriti – primal nature (root of all insentient matter)

Antahkaranas – internal organs
23. Mahat-Buddhi – intelligence
22. Ahamkara – objective ego
21. Manas – mind

 Jnanendriyas Sense-organs, for receiving the bhutas and the tanmatras, viz
20  karna (the auditory sense)     
19  tvak (the thermal sense)        
18  chaksu (the visual sense)       
17  rasana (the gustatory sense)  
16  nasa (the olfactory sense)

Karmaendriyas organs of action, viz.
15 vak (vocal organ) 
14 pani (manual organ)         
13 pada (organ of locomotion)         
12 payu (excretory organ)     
11 upastha (genital organ)

Tanmatras – subtle elements
10. Shabda – sound
9. Sparsha – feel
8. Rupa – form
7. Rasa – taste
6. Gandha – smell

Mahabhutas – gross elements
5. Akasha – space
4. Vayu – air
3. Tejas – fire
2. Ap – water
1. Prithivi – earth

Punch into Google search-

SANKHYA PHILOSOPHY OF HINDUISM , EPISTEMOLOGY OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

Millions of words have been written about Sankhya philosophy in books and the internet—all BULL.

namah shivaya urave nada-bindu kalatemane
niranjana padam yati nitam yatra parayanah

"Salutations to the nadam, which is the inner guide and the inner life, the dispenser of happiness to all!  It is the inner guru, appearing as nada, bindu and kala.  One who is devoted to the inner guru, the nada, the inner music, obtains the highest bliss." -  Hatha Yoga Pradipika IV, 1

The aim of  Nada Yoga ( consciousness via sound ) is to purify and harmonize the gross and subtle fields of body energy and bring them in alignment with its natural vibration.. It is the opening of a door on the level of highest awareness when consciousness becomes conscious of itself.  

It is from that state that the transformation and healing begin in a most natural way.  All our experiences of love, joy, peace, health and happiness are orchestrated by 'consciousness' from that field of unified state, the state of Yoga.

Originally, science thought that atoms were made up of smaller particles of matter (electrons, neutrons, and protons. Now  modern physicists discovered that  these subatomic particles were actually immaterial energy vortices (resembling nano-scaled tornados). Atoms are made out of energy and not physical matter.  Matter comes from energy, as is written in our Vedas.

To prevent jet lag we have Bose noise-canceling headphones which kills the monotonous back ground ground noise of the jet engines and the hissing air inside the aircraft, and  the usual noise clutter.  It electronically cancel out sound waves.  They do this by picking up a sound, processing it, and then creating a new sound that effectively cancels the original sound by destructive interference.

Biologists can control  biological functions and molecules using harmonic vibratory frequencies, including light and sound vibrations.  Stupid medical science focuses its attention on the physical body and material world and have completely ignored the role quantum mechanics, using chemicals with toxic side effects instead.. 

Sound has an invincible power.  Nothing is an exception to its laws of natural harmony. Sound therapy is an arrangement of sounds, in a specific order and design, to invoke different vibrational states that influence our very DNA.  Our DNA can be reprogrammed by mantras.

Feelings affect our bodies and minds. When sounds are arranged according to the principles of the ancient music of India, which are based on natural scales and intonations, they produce pure intervals and tones not found in western music.  

When these natural tones are expressed in the proper formula by a musician trained in Nada Yoga, a healing vibration is set up that goes beyond the sound vibrations in the air, and resonates within us at the cellular and molecular level. This gives the listener the experience of sound healing.

Sound vibrations to bring the ever moving moving pendulum of the mind , the endless chatter to a halt.  Musical sounds, when combined in a specific manner, have a dynamic and powerful effect in balancing the energies of the body.  

 

Planet earth communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.   A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth.   Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information.

Every second 200 lightening strikes occur somewhere on earth in order to keep re establishing electrical balance between the earth and the ionosphere.  These lightening strikes energize the 'flute' and vibrate the resonating cavity.  The 'flute' vibrates waves that bounce off the ionosphere and then off the earth, back and forth.

The resulting 'song' incorporates information from the ionosphere which reflects the universe and information about everything that occurs on earth.  Usually this 'music' is described in terms of its beat or frequency.  The beat frequency is called the Schumann Resonance of 7.83 Hz ( OM ) .

In the quantum view we are essentially electrical beings existing in a state of resonance with the electromagnetic field of the earth. The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz.  The rest is inaudible.  

This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear. 
These cosmic sounds were heard by 12 strand DNA maharishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums.   However our brain can register the vibrations.

Diviners use OM resonance to find water in arid areas.  The spiritual efficacy of OM is NOT on the gross sound, but on the subtle sound which is heard by the heart and uttered by the mind.  

The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.   When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.

Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer.  The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind.  It produces an antigravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water.  

Sanskrit Mantras  have precise golden ratio of 1.618 sound harmonics (  Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra ) in digital mathematical and geometrical precision.  The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves, faster than light, the basis of Reiki.  

Mantra language must have natural continuity is word making and in sentence making.   Its sound must have vibration and resonance.  Its alphabets must form in cymatics when uttered.   Mantras in this language must be approved by a gifted seer with 12 strand DNA and the effect felt on his chakras and pineal gland.  

This is why all mantras must be compulsorily more than 4000 years old.  Mantras have immediate soothing effect makes the brain produce and release magic healing chemicals.  Errant and disturbing thought are killed!

Usually all mantras must begin and end with OM for the quantum tunneling effect.  Mantras increase Prana or life force, sharpens intellect and boosts metabolism.  Mantras can reduce the surface tension of water .  It  centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing . 

As I said before mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography—due to the effect on symphathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems. 

Our powerful king sense of hearing can distinguish more than 300000 tones and 1300 pitches.  Next time you hear a sound of a person , even on the phone, visualize who it could be.

Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words, to DNA!  Is it NOT amazing that Hindus knew this 12000 years ago?  

DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body.  It would strike a particular frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL -- rather field like—

Emotions like anger and fear can “compress” DNA,  However, emotions like joy, gratitude and love unwind the the DNA, decompress it!  

Every DNA has its own melody, as energy and matter is musical in nature.  Our DNA program can be “rewritten” as an acoustic genetic code.


The relationship between sound and consciousness has been recorded in India's Hindu scriptures 7000 years ago.  Mantras, or sacred sounds,  are used to pierce through sensual, mental and intellectual levels of existence (all lower strata of consciousness) for the purpose of purification and reach into the spiritual level for enlightenment.


Each letter of mantra that corresponds to a sound and represents a vibration possesses power to change or affect body or mind.  The power of these sounds is rooted in the highest planes of the solar system, and therefore, work on every level, from most subtle to the most dense.  

Chanting a mantra is the best way to begin that meditation: it will bring you to the right state of mind. Mantra brings your complete attention within and sharpens your concentration. You will be able to “scan” your entire body with your mind’s eye and see where the trouble is hiding. Svaha sends your prayer directly to the Gods

Below: Beej mantras for chakras.



The Beeja mantras are one-syllable seed sounds that, when said aloud, activate the energy of the chakras in order to purify and balance the mind and body.   

When you utter beeja mantras, you resonate with the energy of the associated chakra.-- as mentioned in the  Jabala Darsana Upanishad in 5000 BC. 

Ham, Yam, Ram, Vam and Lam are the panch bhoota mantras.   The five elements evolve from the five tanamatras (principals); earth from gandha (smell), water from rasa (taste), fire from rupa (sight), air from sparsha (touch) and akasha from shabda (hearing).

Every Beej mantra creates a huMMMMMMMM, which produces the magic molecule Nitric Oxide. 

Nitric oxide is a gas that affects blood vessels.  It is a simple molecule, having two atoms - nitrogen and oxygen.  But it does an incredible array of things.  Our blood vessels make nitric oxide. It's a potent and facile dilator. 

When the human body reaches the age of 27 years, the secretion of nitric oxide is at its peak. As you get  older and the production of nitric oxide in the human body declines gradually, more from age 42 onwards. 

Nitric oxide controls blood flow in our body.  It controls our vascular resistance , the blood pressure . When your body produces sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, then your blood vessels are relaxed, and your blood pressure is low.  

Conversely if you're not making enough or Nitric Oxide production is inactivated,  then  your blood vessels become contracted and your blood pressure shoots up.  So this is an important feature of the blood vessels is its  ability to control its own diameter automatically. 

Nitric oxide is part of the body's self-defense mechanism.It can defend against bacteria.  It also defends against tumor cells.  Nitric Oxide in higher concentrations can actually halt the growth of cells or can halt bacterial growth, so it's a defense against infection. Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce Nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria.

It is a defense against tumor and cancer. It is a defense against hardening of the arteries too.      Nitric oxide - is our self-defense system against athrosclerosis.  The endothelial lining of the blood vessel is like Teflon.  It keeps things from sticking to the vessel wall.  The reason it has this property of Teflon is because it releases nitric oxide, so it's a non-sticky surface because it's releasing nitric oxide, which not only relaxes the blood vessel but also prevents things from sticking to the vessel.    

Nitric oxide also serves as a neurotransmitter between nerve cells, part of its general role in redox signaling. Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small, uncharged, and fat-soluble nitric oxide molecule can diffuse widely and readily enters cells.

Nitric oxide is an important neurotransmitter in various parts of the gastrointestinal tract. It causes relaxation of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In the stomach it increases the capacity of the fundus to store food and fluids.  Nitric oxide acts on cardiac muscle to decrease contractility and heart rate. Nitric oxide contributes to the regulation of cardiac contractility. 



Dissonant sounds create disharmony -- rifts between the individual and her environment, as well as within the body's own frequencies.  If 10 tuning forks tuned to the same frequency are lined up together and one is struck, they will all begin to reverberate together.  This is resonance.

However, if you strike a tuning fork of a different frequency and place it near the others, they will all stop. This is dissonance.

Kolam is an Indian art form of drawing designs with rice flour.  Kolam is seen adorning the doorsteps of every traditional Hindu home in southern India.  They are drawn  around a grid of 108 dots , which serve as the skeletal structure for the kolam. .  



Lines are drawn, connecting the dots or around them, very often in a single, continuous curve.  Kolam is a visible sound mantra--outside the human audio range.

Punch into Google search-

KOLAM DESIGNS , INAUDIBLE MANTRAS VIDE VISUAL CYMATICS VADAKAYIL


By adopting digital Sanskrit as a computer language it is possible to create conscious computers which can laugh at a genuine joke, or tell the moral of a story like “ haste is waste”.  

It is the only unambiguous computer language suitable for N-GRAM NLP and AskMSR.   My son had written a critique  while at Cornell for his ME, for which he secured full marks.

Punch into Google search-

PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL




AskMSR program uses information on web pages to respond to questions to which the answer is a single word or phrase – What is the height of Christiano Ronaldo?    You have SIRI in Ipad now.

n-gram models are used in statistical natural language processing, in speech recognition, handwriting recognition , information retrieval, optical character recognition  etc.   n-grams find use in several areas of computer science, computational linguistics, and applied mathematics.

Astadhyayi, presented the processes of phonology, morphology and syntax, and laid down the basis for centuries of commentaries and expositions by Sanskrit grammarians who followed.

Panini's approach was amazingly formal; his production rules for deriving complex structures and sentences represent resemble those of modern computer languages.  Many of the developments in Indian Mathematics, especially the place value notation system may have originated from Paninian analysis.

Panini's grammar consists of four parts:-
Śivasūtra: phonology (notations for phonemes specified in 14 lines)
Aṣṭadhyāyī: morphology (construction rules for complexes)
Dhātupāṭha: list of roots (classes of verbal roots)
Gaṇapāṭha: lists classes of primitive nominal stems


In the Shiva Sutras, Panini discusses something like the concepts of the phoneme, the morpheme and the root.  The Shiva Sutras describe a phonemic notational system in the opening part of the Astadhyayi.   The notational system introduces different clusters of phonemes that serve special roles in the morphology of Sanskrit, and are referred to throughout the text.  



Above video: Poor pronunciation by Hein Braat -- voice quality is excellent.

The Upanayana ceremony, or Vedic initiation of boys, is known as Brahmopadesa,  or the teaching of BrahmAn.   The Gayathri mantra is the mantra selected for Brahmopadesa. The boy's father becomes his GURU and whispers into his ears this powerful Gayatri mantra. The Sacred Thread Ceremony signifies a young brahmin boy's formal entrance into the first stage of life as a student—a ritual telling him that he is now come to age ( to learn the holy Vedas..)

Below video : Correct pronunciation 



In terms of the universal cosmology, vaikhari, madhyama and pashyanti correspond respectively to bhuh, bhuvah, and svah.


Gayathri Mantra is in consonance with the spirit of the Vedas.  This Mantra originates in the 7000 year olf Rig  Veda (III-62.10)  and is referred to with great reverence in the Upanishads and many other works.

Rigveda stated 7000 year ago that speech process has four stages. These four stages are Para, Pasyanti, Madhyama and Vaikhari.  



Shabda brahmAn manifests through his power of maya first as para vani in the mooladhara chakra at the perineum, then as pashyanti in the manipura chakra at the navel, next as madhyama in the heart and then eventually as vaikhari in the throat and mouth. This is the divine descent of voice.

The first three are internal and yogic and can be experienced only by seers. The fourth stage is Vaikhari is the audible speech, which is used by all human beings. 

The general perception of a layman is that when we speak, sound comes from the throat.  But what happens is when we have the urge or the thought to speak, our life force in the form of vaayu, starts from the root chakra and brings Paraa, the subtle sound, then travels up to the navel, heart chakras as Pasyanti and Madhyamaa respectively, then comes to the throat, mouth, teeth and tongue as Vaikhari to come out as speech or sound at the gross level.  

These four levels of sound correspond to four states of consciousness. Paraa represents the transcendental consciousness. Pasyanti represents the intellectual consciousness. Madhyamaa represents the mental consciousness. And Vaikhari represents the physical consciousness. 




These states of consciousness correspond with the four states known technically as Jagrat, Svapna, Sushupti, and Turiya - or the wakeful state, the dreaming state, the dreamless state, and the transcendental state.

These four stages also correspond to the four types of bodies. The Sthula sharira, ( physical body) operates in the state of Jagrat (wakeful state).  It is in this realm of consciousness, and through this body, that the Vaikhari-vaak is manifested. The Sukshma-sharira, ( subtle or psychic body ) operates in the state of Svapna.  

It is in this realm of consciousness, and through this body, that the Madhyama-vaak is manifested.  The Kaarana-sharira, ( causal body ) , operates in the state of Sushupti ( deep sleep ).  It is in this realm of consciousness, and through this body, that the Pashyanti-vaak is manifested. The Para-vaak is manifested through the fourth state of consciousness, known as Turiya. 




WHAT IS PARA ?


Para represents transcendental consciousness. Para is a soundless seed,   pure adya shakti from kundalini, beyond name and forms.  . Para is Adya Shakti.   

According to Taitreeya Upanishad, Aakaasa evolved first.  From Aakaasa evolved Vaayu, from Vayu evolved Agni, from Agni evolved Jala and from Jala evolved Prithvi.  So Aakaasa is called Param, as it was the first one to form among the five basic elements. Its attribute Sabda is called Paraa.

At the time of creation, this Paraa expressed itself as Bindu or a subtle particle. It is also called as Kaarana bindu, the cause for all sound manifestations within and outside our body. Paraa means the highest or the farthest.   Para vaak is the sound beyond the perception of our senses. Paraa is the first stage of sound in its unmanifest stage and is the source of all root ideas and germ thoughts.  

On the stage of Para-vaak there is no distinction between the object and the sound. The sound contains within it all the qualities of the object.  Nada Yogis claim that Paraa Nada is a high frequency sound, so high that it does not stir or produce any vibrations.  By the urge of man to talk, with the help of vaayu or air, Paraa moves up to the Manipuraka chakra or the navel centre and gets transformed into Pasyanti. 


Para means highest or farthest, and in this connection it indicates that sound which is beyond the perception of the senses. Para-vak is also known as "rava-shabda" - an unvibratory condition of sound beyond the reach of mind and intelligence (avyakta), only to be realized by great souls, the 12 strand maharishis, parama-jnanis. 

On the stage of para-vak there is no distinction between the object and the sound. The sound contains within it all the qualities of the object. The highest manifestation of sound energy, the primal voice, the divine voice is para. The para voice gives birth to root ideas or germ thoughts. It is the first manifestation of voice. In the para state the sound remains in an undifferentiated form.  

Para is pure intention.  Pure because it is a direct expression of the will of reality, unadulterated by any personal preference.  Para means transcendental, ‘beyond’ or ‘the other side’. It is beyond the reach of the indriyas, or sense organs, and the mind and other means of cognition. Hence para nada is the transcendental sound. It is indicative of a truth that there is a sphere of super-consciousness where the sound is heard in different dimensions.

Sounds having a very high frequency are transformed into silence. Beyond a certain limit, the ears do not have the capacity. No one can hear or understand a sound like that even if it is present. Para or transcendental sound has the highest vibration frequency. This intense vibration faculty makes para inaudible. . When a sound goes to its maximum pitch, it attains a sudden stillness, and that is para nada. 



WHAT IS PASYANTI ?

Pasyanti represents the intellectual consciousness, a state of abstract knowledge, like an idea which has not yet been expressed in words.  Pashyanti is the thought form. Pasyanti literally means observing or seeing one's self. In the pasyanti stage sound possesses qualities such as color and form.  When sound goes up to the navel with the bodily air in vibratory form without any particular syllable (varna), yet connected with the mind, it is known as Pashyanti-vaak.

Pasyanti observes and analyses her impending changes in the heart, throat and the tongue, where the sound finally attains audibility. Within the Pasyanti-vaak exists the nature's Iccha-shakti, or the power of will.  Pashyanti-vak is the second level of sound, and is less subtle than para-vak. Pashyanti in Sanskrit means "that which can be seen or visualized".



Yogis who have inner vision can perceive these qualities in sound.  On this stage the differences between language do not exist, as this sound is intuitive and situated beyond rigidly defined concepts.  On the stage of pashyanti-vak, speech is intuitively connected to the object. There is near oneness between the word and the experience described.  Pashyanti-vak is the finest impulse of speech. The seat of pashyanti is in the navel or the Manipura Chakra. 

When sound goes up to the naval with the bodily air in vibratory form without any particular syllable (varna), yet connected with the mind, it is pashyanti-vak. Within the pashyanti-vak exists the nature's iccha-shakti, or the power of will.  Yogis who have subtle inner vision can experience the pashyanti state of sound.

 Pashyanti does not distinguish between subject and object. Perceptible but not yet particularized, it covers the middle ground between para’s pure intention and madhyama’s verbalized but as yet unspoken mental speech. The second stage of sound, which has less frequency and is more gross than para, is pashyanti.  It is a sound which cannot be heard, but it can be seen. This is why Pashyanti in Sanskrit means ‘that which can be seen or visualized’.



WHAT IS MADHYAMA  ?

Madhyamaa represents the mental consciousness  . Pasyanti, on reaching the Anaahata chakra or the heart chakra , transforms into Madhyama vaak.  Madhyamaa literally means in between or middle.  Here there is a clear distinction between the sound and the object it denotes.

Madhyama vaak is more of a mental speech rather than the external audible speech.  Within the Madhyama-vaak exists the nature's Jnana-shakti, or the power of knowledge.  Madhyama-vak is the intermediate unexpressed state of sound, whose seat is in the heart.. The middle sound is that sound which exists between the states of susupti and jagrat.  

Madhyama is the intermediate unexpressed state of sound experienced in the heart. Madhyama is mental speech, verbalized but unspoken, the internal monologue and dialogue; it expresses jñana shakti, the power of knowledge and wisdom (or lack thereof).  Madhyama measures, evaluates, questions, harnessing your rational and emotional minds to formulate the intentions that precipitate into words.  

Madhyama is particularized into phonemes, directed to mental objects, the objects of the inner senses. It straddles the gulf between the noiseless conviction that is pashyanti and the spoken word that is vaikhari. 

Madhyama is sound having lower frequencies than para and pashyanti, but still subtler than the audible vaikhari form of sound.  No audible effect is produced in it. Madhyama produces very minute vibrations in the act of a whisper. In an ordinary sound, two objects strike against each other in order to produce sound.  But in madhyama no two things strike violently so as to produce audible sound.  The word madhyama means a middle sound, a whispering sound or the sound of a whisper.

WHAT IS VAIKHARI ?

Vaikhari represents the physical consciousness, an audible speech manifestation .. Vaikhari resides in the throat chakra.  Vaikhari is what we speak through our mouth, which had started from Para.  Para is subtle and Vaikhari is manifested form of Bhava/sound.  

Vaikhari is the  sound which has come all the way from the root chakra with the force of vaayu, travels further upwards to the throat, mouth, teeth and tongue, to become an articulate sound, audible to the external ear.
  
When sabda is spoken through the mouth with the help of syllables, that speech is Vaikhari vak. Within the Vaikhari-vaak exists the nature's Kriya-shakti, or power of action. Vaikhari-vak is the grossest level of speech, and it is heard through the external senses. When sound comes out through the mouth as spoken syllables it is called as vaikhari. 

Vaikhari the articulated speech, which, in a waveform, reaches the ears and to the intellect of the listener. 



Audible vaikhari lies within the purview of the conscious mind and jagrat (waking-time consciousness). The spoken sound vaikhari is produced by friction or by striking two things against each other.  Its frequencies of vibration are conducted within a certain limited range. 

mulam adharam arabhya dvistkantam upeyusi
udita aneka sahasra surya vahnindu sannibha
cakravat punar adharat santa pasyatha madhyama
vaikhari sthanam asadhya tatrasta sthanavartini
varnanam jananim bhutva bhogya prasnoumi gouriva


"Seated in the area starting from the muladhara to the position of dvistkanta with effulgence equal to the rising of millions of suns, fires and moons. Like a wheel from the adhara becoming the sounds known as santa, pashyati, madhyama.  Reaching the position of vaikhari, there situated in eight places, viz., the throat etc. Being the mother of all sounds I bestow enjoyments like a cow."





Graphene is pure carbon in the form of a very thin, nearly transparent sheet, basically one atom thick and is used in military fighter jet applications. It is remarkably strong for its very low weight, and it conducts heat and electricity with great efficiency.  Graphene can self-repair holes in its sheets, when exposed to molecules containing carbon, such as hydrocarbons. Bombarded with pure carbon atoms, the atoms perfectly align into hexagons, completely filling the holes.  It has a beehive hexagon construction .



The Taithiriya Upanishad says that "with OM, Brahma begins creation."  It means the whole creation comes out of sound.   Every Hindu mantras have OM prefixed , for the quantum butterfly effect.




Hindus believe that shabda-sound is NKT just mere noise , but has has enormous power. Today modern science has realized the power of a longitudinal wave and resonance.  The maharishi with 12 strand DNA could connect wiith the source of creation. The Vedas are thus NOT cowherd’s verses to while away their time while grazing goats. OM is not the call of a man to summon his wife.. 



The Vedas when chanted the right way releases the wisdom they contain as real sacred energy that can “create the spiritual states of mind and of life which the words describe” , and influence the course of human destiny and even the order of the Universe. Why were all these Stonehenges created.  The seers ( like Narada ) who wandered the land chanting the sacred mantras did so for maintaining the equilibrium of the world as well.



Below video:  The Fibonacci series and the golden mean has been stolen from India.  Now the klyptomaniac west claims it as their own.    

Punch into Google search-
PERFECT SIX PACK  VADAKAYIL


\\ 
The Sarvadarsana-samgraha teaches that this “eternal word, called sphota ( explosion )” is the cause of the cosmos, and is in truth identical with BrahmAn:  "OM is the symbol of sphota.   It shines out in the meaning of all things, and it is the source of the whole world.” 



OM ityed aksharam  Sarvam OM karam eva
This primordial word is the AUM.  It is every thing  -  Mandukyopanishad- 5000 BC


Below:Panini got up from a deep trance, wrote the Maheshwara Sutras and formed the Sanskrit grammar.







Panini captured the sounds of the damaru and translated them into syllables.  From these sounds emerged the 14 syllables which provided Panini with the basis for formulating the rules of Sanskrit grammar.  

1. a i u ṇ
2. Ṛḷ k
3. e o ṅ
4. ai au c
5. ha ya va ra ṭ
6. la ṇ
7. ña ma ṅa ṇa na m
8. jha bha ñ
9. gha ḍha dha ṣ
10. ja ba ga ḍa da ś
11. kha pha cha ṭha tha ca ṭa ta v
12. ka pa y
13. śa ṣa sa r
14. ha l

१. अ इ उ ण् ।
२. ऋ ऌ क् ।
३. ए ओ ङ् ।
४. ऐ औ च् ।
५. ह य व र ट् ।
६. ल ण् ।
७. ञ म ङ ण न म् ।
८. झ भ ञ् ।
९. घ ढ ध ष् ।
१०. ज ब ग ड द श् ।
११. ख फ छ ठ थ च ट त व् ।
१२. क प य् ।
१३. श ष स र् ।
१४. ह ल् ।



These 14 verses are known as "Maheshwara Sutras" or "Maheshwara Sutrani" (in Sanskrit). These verses are just a collection of sounds and if you say them aloud, in one breath, they really sound like drum beats.  



And because they emerged from a Divine source, they were so perfect...so complete that Panini was able to create, compile codify the rules of Sanskrit grammar in such a way and till today they have remained unchanged.


Shiv sutras originated from Shiva's Tandava dance.

नृत्तावसाने नटराजराजो ननाद ढक्कां नवपञ्चवारम्।
उद्धर्त्तुकामः सनकादिसिद्धादिनेतद्विमर्शे शिवसूत्रजालम्॥

( NṚattāvasāne naṭarājarājo nanāda ḍhakkā navapañcavāram. Uddharttukāmaḥ sanakādisiddhādinētadvimarśe śivasūtrajālam.)

At the end of His Cosmic Dance,
Shiva, the Lord of Dance,
with a view to bless the sages Sanaka and so on,
played on His Damaru fourteen times,
from which emerged the following fourteen Sutras,
popularly known as Shiva Sutras or Maheshwara Sutras.



nR^tta = dance
avasAna = end
naTarAja rAjaH = Lord of dance
nanAda = sounded
DakkAm = damaru
nava pancha = nine and five = fourteen
vAram = times
kAma = for the sake of / with the desire to
uddhartu = upliftment
sanakAdi = sanaka etc
siddhAn = sages
etat = this
jAlam = web (of)

Does it sound like bulls#it of the first order?
NOPE !
It is a most intelligent rearrangement of the alphabet.  The letter at the end of each sutra is called an it.  A letter followed by an it specifies all the letters in between.  



Can you believe that the immoral west  ( who stole and patented our ancient knowledge and then injected poison into the originals  or destroyed it  ) talks of India in the same breath and same sentence along with Mayan, Incas , Aztecs, Hopi, Red Indians, Egyptians,  Sumerians,  Mesopotamians BLAH BLAH – who have left zilch books behind for posterity ?



Above : A specific hand gesture (mudra) called ḍamaru-hasta (Sanskrit for "ḍamaru-hand") is used to hold the drum.  The undifferentiated sound becomes differentiated through the vibration set up by the movements of his damaru




Punch into Google search-
SECRETS OF MUDRAS  AJIT VADAKAYIL


Every Indian must know that the Mayan Calendar is an Indian calendar.

Punch into Google search-

MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL

 

Panini’s grammar covers many features of the language like swara (vowels), vyanjana (consonants) , sandhis (combination of words) , samaas (description diff to put it in a bracket) , Prathyaya, (prefixes/suffixes), etc.





The IMMORAL mouth piece of the west has dated Panini as 4th century BC.  Because the big bang as per the old Bible happened in 4004 BC.  Vedas and Upanishads followed an oral route for more than 28,000 years before they were penned down 7000 years ago. 

The white man was doing GRUNT GRUNT for language 5000 years ago.


The Ashtadhyayi of Panini consists of  3990 sutras or aphorisms.



WE CAN REVIVE SANSKRIT IN INDIA BY HAVING COMPULSORY NEWS IN SANSKRIT IN PRIME TIME WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES — COMPULSORY FOR CABLE  VIDEO CHANNELS TOO,  IF THEY NEED BROADCASTING RIGHTS IN INDIA.  



Sound has a mystic side.  The audible sound (vaikari)  is heard by all, but the mystical vibrations of mantras , even though appearing to the ear as ordinary sounding syllabifications, are not really ’heard.’ The latter sound , technically known as para-vak,  is considered the domain of the advanced 12 strand DNA maharishis. 


 

Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace. Mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.  Mantras must begin and end with OM which resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.   Our 7000 year old Vedas say, that all forms of reality are sound forms—music—their very substance composed of vibration. This Shabda-brahman is the great cosmic wavelength experienced as God.

The maharishis realized Brahman, or “transcendental consciousness,” in the form of sound. They knew that this transcendental sound, which has no limits and is immeasurable, manifests not only within the vital air known as prana, but also through our senses and even our mind. We all know that  sound is the vehicle for emotion, which we can either reinforce or release. We sing with joy, shout in anger, cry in sorrow and groan in pain. Thus each emotion corresponds to a particular kind of sound, and intensified emotions usually demand stronger sounds.

During japa, the whole body vibrates and all other sensations go numb. It’s a beautiful, sensuous feeling that purifies and elevates your entire being to a higher level.



Japa involves the meditative repetition of a mantra. Mantra is mystical energy encapsulated within a sound structure. Every mantra contains in its vibrations a certain power.



Vachika japa: the mantra is repeated out loud
Upamsu japa: the mantra is repeated semi-audibly by moving only the tongue and lips
Manasa japa: the mantra is repeated mentally without allowing the tongue and lips to move
Likhita japa: the mantra is written continuously or for a fixed number of times
Akhanda japa: the mantra is repeated for a specific number of times without a break, or for a fixed period of time, such as from sunrise to sunset. Akhanda japa is often performed rhythmically and congregationally.
Alapa japa: the mantra is repeated mentally at all times and with every breath.


Patanjali speaks of 14 kinds of japa:    daily (nitya), circumstantial (naimittika), the japa of desired results (kamya), forbidden (nishiddha), penitential (prayashchitta), unmoving (achala), moving (chala), voiced (vachika), whispered (upanshu), murmured (bhramara), mental (manasa), uninterrupted (akhanda), nonuttered (ajapa) and circumambulatory (pradakshina).



Above :  The mala is placed over the middle finger and flicked by the thumb.  The index finger is not used, as it represents the ego, which must be transcended to achieve self-realisation.   The mala retains some of the energy of the mantra, and hence the same mala is used for a mantra. Hold the mala with your right hand, resting beads on your middle finger.  The count begins from the first bead that is next to the big dividing bead.  The dividing bid should never get passed.  As you chant, rotate beads between middle finger and a thumb.  Go from one bead to the next as you repeat the mantra, a bead per mantra.  If you did one circle of 108 bids, it means you said the mantra 108 times. Turn the mala around and begin from the bead you have just finished with. Do not use dividing bid for chanting

Quantum Physics tells us today that every state of matter has its own associated vibration.

4000 years ago, Adi Shankaracharya commented on the Brahma Sutras.  “The sound created by the explosion of the primordial atom gave rise to the causal, subtle and gross forms of the universe.”

Shabda-Brahman is a vibratory reality, which exists underlying the reality which we can perceive. According to Vedic theory, this pure vibrational current, flows eternally – a kind of river of sublime truths – that can be accessed by anyone who has the ability to penetrate within it.

In case of each Tantric mantra, the practitioner needs to know its rishi (seer), devata (deific power), channdas (rhythm), svara (accentuation), prayogya (application), beej (seed power), shakti (a fraction of itself that expresses its power), kavacha (armour), kilaka (recitation of which prevents the mantra’s power from moving away from the practitioner) and nyasa (the process by which various sounds in the mantra are identified with the energy in particular limbs).

Nyasa involves touching various parts of the body while saying specific portions of a mantra. This invokes the  presence of the deity of the mantra inside the body. Each mantra is associated with a specific Nyasa. There are various types of Nyasas, the most important of them being Kara Nyasa and Anga Nyasa.



No cosmic sound can be heard by man’s naked ears.  Scientists have found that the sound emanating from planets is pitched twenty octaves below man’s hearing, while the song of the atom is sung a complementary twenty octaves above it, leaving us “musically midway” between the trebles and basses of the micro and macro-cosmic worlds.  The function of a mantra is to create vibrations in the inner consciousness, that will prepare for realization.

Being indifferent towards all objects, he who has controlled his passions should continuously concentrate upon the sound which dissolves the mind.…the sound proceeding from Pranava (OM) which is BrahmAn itself-   Nadabindu Upanishad 5000 BC

The spiritual efficacy of OM is based not on the gross sound, but on the subtle sound, which is heard, not by the ears but by the heart, which is uttered not by the mouth but by the mind.  OM is the quintessence, the seed-syllable (bija mantra) of the universe, the universal force of the all-embracing consciousness.



The inner ear ( cochlea ) gives the cycloid spiral space curve motion. It is the brain and central nervous system that hears.  The inner ear is filled with liquid. Microscopic hairs called cilia project out into this liquid and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated. ( just like the cats's whiskers ). 



Sound waves are transformed into nerve impulses, to the temporal lobe of the cerebral cortex which is dedicated to sound.  The audio range is 20 hz to 20000 Hz.  1 hertz is one cycle per second. All musicians convey the message in the 0.5- 4 KHz range . 



A sound wave is a longitudinal wave--a series of compressions and rarefactions.. Higher the frequency, higher the perceived pitch.  The wonder of the cilia hairs is that it can perceive 1500 levels of pitch. 



The number of discriminable tones in in the hundreds of thousands.  Are you not able to recognise the voice of a long lost friend?   Amazing , right? If 300 Hz is played in one ear and 310 in the other ear via stereo headphones the binaural frequency will be 10 Hz. Frequencies of the brain are below 40 hertz.



“That indestructible transcendent vibrating sound is Shabda-Brahman.”-- Shiksha Upanishad 5000 BC

Letters in Sanskrit are called akshara, the eternal; they are sound symbols of the eternal reality. The function of a mantra in Sanskrit is to create vibrations in the inner consciousness. The Vedanta-sutras add that ultimate liberation comes from sound (anavrittih shabdat).   

There are 11 ways of reciting the Vedas-  Samhita, Pada, Krama, Jata, Maalaa, Sikha, Rekha, Dhwaja, Danda, Rathaa and Ghana.

nama-rupatmanosh shabda-
bhavayor avalambanat
yo yogah sadhyate so'yam
mantra-yogah prakirttitah

"The yoga which is practiced through the support of a proper mood (bhava) and sound (shabda), and through the support of the Self composed of name and form (nama-rupa) is called mantra-yoga."- Mantra-yoga-samhita (3.4)

Mantra-yoga is one of the most important paths within traditional yoga, and concerns the different expressions of sound, from the most subtle to the coarsest. It is with good reason that the Vayaviya Samhita of the Shiva-purana, in describing the five classes of yoga, places mantra yoga first. 



This authoritative path counts on the support of the Vedic scriptures. We may refer to a wide range of ancient texts that expound in detail on this path, among which some are: Mantra-mahodadhi, Mantra-muktavali, Mantra-yoga-samhita, Mantra-kaumudi, Mantra-maharnava and Tattvananda-taraá
anavrittih shabdad anavrittih shabdat

"Through sound we cease to return to a body, or we liberate ourselves." -- Vedanta-sutra  (4.4.23)



Conscious repetition of mantras liberates the energy that lies within them.

Two oscillators pulsating in the same field in almost identical rhythm will tend to "lock in," with the result that eventually their vibrations will become precisely synchronous. This phenomenon is referred to as "mutual phase-locking" or "entrainment." 



Entrainment is universal in nature. In fact, it is so ubiquitous that we hardly notice it, "as with the air we breathe," The tendency of the universe to share rhythms, that is, to vibrate in harmony.

In cancer cases we observe a total irregularity of all rhythms. Apparently the cancer cell causes a withdrawal from the temporal harmony of the body functions.



Dve brahmani veditavye sabda bramha param ca yat
Sabda bramhani nisnatah param bramhadhi gacchati

“There are two Bramhans to be realized, Shabda and Param Bramhan: one who has realized and well versed in Shabda Bramhan will realize Param BramhAn.”   :-Amrta Bindu Upanisad- 5000 BC
Mantra is part of a universal language rooted in sound, image, number and symbol, reflecting a "cosmic thinking" beyond the preconceptions and biases of human thought. 



Mantra functions according to the inner mathematics of cosmic law.  It serves to link our individual intelligence with the greater intelligence that pervades all space, extending our awareness into the Infinite and Eternal.  To chant a mantra at a deeper yogic level is to think with the entire universe and to access the wisdom and experience of all beings.

Mantra in the yogic sense relates to the prime energies, ideas, principles or archetypes of the cosmic intelligence that directs the forces of nature and the movements of our own minds and hearts.

There are mantric sounds that can awaken the higher potentials of the brain and change the flow of energy in the nervous system.  Each one of us has a unique sound pattern that sustains all that we do and allows our energies to move and grow or stagnate and decline.

Unless we learn to harmonize our inner sound vibrations, our lives will likely remain in disharmony and suffering.  Mantra is the most important tool for attuning our bodies and minds to their proper resonance, which is not with the outer world, but with the divine presence that constitutes our own deepest Self.

Mantra maintains the strength and integrity of our mental field, so that the mind no longer wanders off or loses its composure.  Mantra sustains the proper circulation of energies in the sphere of the mind, so that we are no longer vulnerable to external conditioning which, after all, is based largely on reactive patterns of words and names.

Just as Yoga asanas place the body in a calm and relaxed state, so mantras puts the mind into a steady and relaxed state for meditation.

Mantra practice gradually calms and integrates the mind.  The mind becomes silent, concentrated and reflective, allowing our awareness to vibrate with the mantra.  This naturally leads to deeper meditation, in which the mantra may fall away.

Formless meditation is hard to achieve directly but becomes easily accessible once one builds the power of mantra in the mind. When we repeat a mantra, or do various forms of chanting, a more refined vibration develops and begins to assume the background pattern of our mind, down to a subconscious level.

If we continually return to the mantra each time our mind becomes agitated, then the mantra's power to calm the mind will increase.  With the mantra, we have a tool for redirecting the energy of the mind within so that we can reclaim our inner composure.

When Hatha Yoga was first propagated in North America,  there was a lot of prejudice against all things PAGAN Hinduism.   So, naturally, the critical mantra got left out of Hatha practice.  Mainstream America and the environments—the YMCAs, gyms, adult education classes—in which Yoga classes were held, were not conducive to holding the Indian culture.  They wanted to eat the food , but left out the amazing flavour .

Japa is not a mere mechanical activity, but a very intense activity with profound concentration. It can be a bit hard to start with, but with practice it becomes easier and more natural. Repeat the mantra softly with concentration so as to lead the mind to pass beyond everything that is connected with the domain of thought.  Try to reach the spiritual domain where even thought is not allowed to enter.  The mind must be perfectly calm, as though it no longer existed.

The tradition of repeating the mantra existed in the Patanjali school of yoga, they call its swadhyaya, not japa.  It begins as an ordinary sound, later it becomes in you the power of the mantra, it transforms you.  

Japa can be practiced under any conditions: when one is walking, standing or sitting, giving or receiving, lying down or doing any of the things we do in everyday life, whatever the situation in which you find yourself.  There is no restriction, rule or limit.  When one repeats japa with faith and respect, one certainly arrives at a happy state

The effect of the mantra is not produced at the level of reason. The knowledge acquired by the repetition of the mantra extends far beyond the level of reason. In India we say that it is in the depths of consciousness. A big chunk of the Vedas are mantras.

Sanskrit is called the language of nature because it maintains a correlation between sound and form called namarupa.  This means that the sound of the word matches the thing it is describing. The alphabets could be seen by the seers in their minds when it was uttered.

Sanskrit’s resonant frequencies match the energy centres (chakras) in the subtle body and the sounds stimulate, activate, energize and open them.  This increases the flow of life force (prana) in your mind and body resulting in improved health, strength and heightened awareness.  This shows that Sanskrit is a divine language .



The cochlea in the inner ear and it has a spiral shape and has three and half coils .  Kundalini like cochlea is coiled and rests at the base of the backbone.  Kundalini has three and half coils too. If cochlea contains nerves that connects sound vibrations with the nervous system that generates consciousness-- Kundalini  is the  subtlest of vibrations that generate consciousness in human self.   

Nada Yoga talks about different postures to hear the inner sound by closing the ears with thumbs. The hearing  of inner sound has direct correlation with the rising of esoteric  Kundalini in human bodies that  opens the floodgate of universal consciousness in individual bodies.

Brain scans of have been taken of participants were compared while in a resting state and during the chanting of japa or kirtans.  The study revealed that there was a marked increase in brain activity in areas of the brain that control memory.  One particularly significant finding was that the increase in brain activity occurs in the first part of the brain to experience a functional decrease in Alzheimer’s patients. 

The state of health, according to Yoga Psychology, is the balanced flow of energy (Prana) through all the energy circuits of the mind and body.  When this flow gets interrupted, by interfering with or breaking some laws of Nature, the body begins to revolt.  

This revolt is seen and experienced in the form of different symptoms, discomfort and dis-ease.   Ancient Indians knew how to reestablish the lost harmony and rhythm of the body and mind by utilizing Shabda BrahmAn.

Mantra healing is an automatic process of deep inner healing set in motion through the right combinations of sounds that resonate within and fill the space around us.  Since we are a product of our immediate environment, Nada Yoga music aims to treat the environment first, with music based on the chemistry of sound from the ancient sacred music of India.



Hey, yank hilly billys-- mantra is a catalyst for mystical states.   Mantras are access codes into states of Yoga.  The ancient Indian scalar interferometry missiles and vimanas has mantra passwords.   Scalar waves are very different from electromagnetic waves. They can travel over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed ( faster than light! ).



Mantras because it balances the left and right brain hemispheres—and hence the posture must be erect.  Sound is an excellent stimulant to the parasympathetic nervous system, and can release tension and stress, aids the digestive system as well as sleep disorders.

All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player.

A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth.  Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information.  Everything moves, and therefore vibrates, creating resonance and relationship with every other thing in the universe.  

Scalar wave generated by the human DNA and internal Mobius coils , is just another name for a longitudinal wave.   Scalar waves are capable of passing through the earth from one side to another with no loss of field strength as Nikola Tesla (introduced to it by Vivekananda ) showed in one of his experiments.

Vibration is sound. Everything that is in existence, has a sound, a frequency, a musical, rhythmic quality. The relationship between the planets is called "The music of the spheres."  We can consider nature, and any system within nature, to be one great symphony so vast we cannot even conceive, and yet we are playing our part, as each cell in our body, each molecule, each atom, each proton and neutron has its own rhythm, its own note,  its own frequency.

Resonance is not limited to the sounds we hear or those we create with our voices. Resonance involves our whole body, our minds and our emotions. Entrainment is the use of a stronger pulse to create a change in another. The main physical systems entrainment affects are heartbeat, breathing, and brainwaves. Entrainment is the use of a stronger pulse to create a change in another.

In every atom of our organic being we find a vibration, a blueprint of radiance, a vibrancy of telepathy that connects us at all levels to the greater universe, aswithin so without. Every cell in our body is a sound resonator. Every cell lives in a rhythmic pattern. Each organ has its own cycle and its own pulse.  


Each and every system has a cycle, rhythm, pattern and pulse that exist in resonant harmony and sympathy to the cycles of the Earth and the heavens, helping us to remember and to reconnect to the greater cosmic blueprint.

Our bodies reflect our inner state of being by the sounds we utter. If we are in pain, we groan. If we are joyful, we hum or sing. If we are sad, we cry. In meditation, we are still. Just as sound as born out of silence, sound creates the road back to silence, inner harmony and health.

The human body is 70% water and sound travels four times faster in water than in air. Thus, we are a perfect resonator for sound; within us and around us the sounds of the universe impact us both positively and negatively.

When we lose our connection to the rhythms and cycles of nature and the interconnection to all things in the universe, this alienation or disharmony manifests as imbalance and disease of the body and subtle bodies.
The sounds of the Sanskrit alphabet itself are balancing to the body.  In fact, each letter of the alphabet has a specific sound and equivalent vibration, which corresponds to a particular part of the body.  This is known as the Mantra Purusha. 

Mantra purusha sounds also correspond to 108 kalari marma points , and thus may be chanted while stimulating marma points, increasing the healing effect.  Mantras may be chanted while performing asanas, directing energy to specific areas of the body.

Sound healing is the practice of applying vibrational frequencies within the audible range to the human energy field, to bring the energetic bodies, chakras, organ systems, cells, and all parts into harmony, supporting optimal health and vitality.

In the old Newtonian physics version of life, cells are made out of pieces of matter (molecules) and could only be influenced by other pieces of matter ( molecules such as hormones or drugs). The newer insights on molecules offered by quantum physics reveals that molecules are units of vibrating energy that can be influenced by both matter and invisible energy waves (harmonic resonance).  Constructive interference ( good vibes) and destructive interference ( bad vibes) can control the movements of protein molecules.

Sound and music are intrinsic to human life. We can never be  whole without them. Our entire body resonates to our own voice, as were mainly electrolyte plasma water in a leather bag.  Our body and energy systems resonate to every sound around us.  Music is the expression of the human spirit.

A sound wave with a frequency of 20 hertz would have a period of 0.05 second (i.e., 20 wavelengths / second × 0.05 second / wavelength = 1),  while a sound wave of 20 kilohertz would have a period of 0.00005 second  ( 20,000 wavelengths / second × 0.00005 second / wavelength = 1).

Between 20 hertz and 20 kilohertz lies the frequency range of hearing for humans.  The physical property of frequency is perceived physiologically as pitch, so that the higher the frequency, the higher the perceived pitch. The amplitude of a sound wave determines its intensity, which in turn is perceived by the ear as loudness.



The mind is electromagnetic in nature, and itself of the time-domain. It is not observable in 3D-space.  Biological generation of scalar waves occurs when the left and right sides of the human nervous system are working together in balance.

A person who has access to both sides of their brain is generating scalar waves and is therefore more in touch with higher levels or higher dimensions of functioning. These möbius supercoil DNA are hypothetically able to generate scalar waves, when both brain lobes are in balance,  hence the reason why the spirit level in the inner ear must be aligned by straight posture. .

A scalar wave is a wave that is exactly matched by another wave. It has the same frequency and amplitude, but has opposite direction. Such one wave cancels out the other.  Scalar waves travel greater than the speed of light --  healing waves from DNA when resonated with the pineal gland , as told in the Vedas . 



These scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world, but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain. this vacuum of space we speak of exists all through everything. Even our bodies are mostly empty space between atoms and molecules.

A galaxy is a mega-dipole. Wherever there is a dipole there is immense scalar EM energy ushering out of and back into the vacuum.  Scalar energy is composed of 5-dimensional standing waves. The essence and application of scalar-electromagnetics today is not recognized by the IDIOTS of  Newtonian orthodox science except by the genius Tesla secret government's military and scientific branches.



Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated and patented by the white Christian invaders .

With quantum physics, science is leaving behind the notion that we human beings are powerless victims and moving toward an understanding that we are fully empowered creators of our lives and of our world .



Imagine at a miniscule percentage of our originalpower the human body is still a wonderful machine—we have degenerated from 12 strand NIL junk DNA with king sized pineal glands to 2 strand 97% junk DNA creatures with shrivelled and calcified pineal glands .



Akasha is the womb of creation bringing forth every physical aspect that can be perceived with the senses . The history written within the Akasha field are called the Askashic chronicles.



With stupid Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe.  Yes, that is the new equation derives from the ancient.





We in India, rely on Astrology since past 11000 years.  This is why every Indian Hindu has a horoscope made since the vedic times.   Astrology is a strong harmonic interplay among the dancing and swirling planetary bodies.  

Our solar system is a vast, complex, multi-octave musical instrument, with ever-shifting tuned resonances and harmonies.  All of the planets and most of their moons have fundamental frequencies which align exactly within our spectrum of prominent brainwave rhythms.

All of the planets have a detectable electromagnetic energy field structure and prominent magnetospheric frequencies.  Your bodily rhythms sing in harmony with the continually fluctuating energy field patterns of the whole solar system.

Each planetary system plays upon a different musical keynote pattern.  These keynotes also gives us an indication of the strong harmonic intercommunication existing among the planetary bodies and their surrounding moons and rings.

There is a complex play of vibrational harmonics around and through us as we live our daily lives here on the surface of the Earth, spinning within the Solar System and Galaxy. Each and every planetary and stellar system radiates a mosiac of vibratory energies within and throughout.

Each of the planetary and stellar bodies acts as a spherical receiver, transmitter and reflector of the electromagnetic long wavelength light energies in similiar manner to a satellite communications dish antenna. The sphere is an ideal shape for a resonant cavity.

The radio waves of ancient galaxies, neighboring stars, and the solar family planets rain and dance upon the Earth's umbrella-like energy shields, altering the intensity and selectively protecting the delicate organic forms. Planetary turnings, solar sprinklings, starry pulses, galactic tides and universal songs sweep through and around you every instant.

The body reverberates with the wind of Light; every cell listens to the drumbeats, attunes its DNA structure to the composition, and sings its own unique chord, inducing resonant vibrations throughout the quivering cellular molecules.

Ripples of electromagnetic light sweep thru and around us each instant, triggering shivers of spinal impulses resounding through our being.  These rhythms, sensed between our spherical brain shell and our Earth-contacted feet, set up full body responses to this continually changing cosmic drumming. Anywhere from 300 to 1000 volts potential is present between our head tops and our feet




THE ABOVE IS ONE IN THE EYE OF ALL THOSE RATIONALISTS WHO BELIEVE THAT HINDU ASTROLOGY IS SUPERSTITION  -- QUANTUM PHYSICS IS  BEYOND THEIR PEA BRAINED PERCEPTION.




To find out what a STUPID language English is—

punch into Google search-


SANSKRIT THE DIGITAL LANGUAGE VERSUS ENGLISH VADAKAYIL



SHABDA BRAHMAN  can help us break up deep-seated mental and emotional patterns, conditioning and traumas even from childhood.  


Remember SHABDA BRAHMAN contains the precise golden ratio sound harmonics (Fibonacci / Sri Yantra ) and the Golden ratio, the reason why its effect is felt on the chakras .



QUESTION :   ARE THERE ANY WESTERN MEDICINES FOR  FEAR , GREED , JEALOUSY,  STRESS ,  HATRED ,  BREAKING ADDICTIVE VICES  ETC  ?



HULLO  ?

ANYBODY THERE  ?   

MAKE SURE YOU BRING THE SIDE EFFECTS ALONG,  IN  A TRUCK !!



No antioxidant can be as powerful as thought.    Cymatics has demonstrated the power of musical acoustics ( mantras ).  

DNA can be influenced by acoustic and scalar waves our DNA can even be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.    Homosexuals and pedophiles please note.



There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void.  This we wrote down a the Shiva Tandav 7000 years ago in our Vedas.   

Amish Tripati , Devadutt Patnaik and their ilk ( who are feted by the immoral west for denigrating Hinduism ) will NOT have the cerebral wherewithal to understand all this.  

The massive energy of Aakasha , understood by Nikola Tesla has NOT yet been tapped.  

Nuclear power of Hiroshima fame, is the dirt under the finger nail of this amazing force which can boil off oceans in seconds.  



The first world war was fought on IDIOT Isaac Newtons’s law of inertia of classical physics states that inertia is the product of mass and acceleration, F= m * a.   He got it wrong.  Inertia is simply the resistance, the drag that objects experience when accelerated in the zero point field.  

Martyr Nikola Tesla kept the Vedic knowledge of  "free-energy", "over-unity machines", "zero-point energy", or "fuel-less generators"  etc inside his head and died along with it rather than give to rogues agents of Rothschild. 

No colleges teach this and no experts can imagine this—  but super genius Nikola Tesla , who was introduced to this aakasha concept by the great Indian master Swami Vivekananda.



It is better for this planet of the Shiva Tandav is NOT understood at all .  Scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain.

There is great music in the formula below --  ( let the formulas beyond speed of light be unsaid ) 
Where for a diatomic (two atoms) molecule, for example, the zero-point energy per mole, E0, can be given by the equation:
E0 = y N h c f
where N is the Avogadro constant number of 6.0221367 × 1023  ,   h is Planck’s constant of 6.626 × 10-34 joule-seconds, c is the velocity of light in vacuum of 299,792,458 m/sec , and f is the frequency of vibration depending on the mass of the molecule, (which is different  for different isotopes of the same element.).


The empty SPACE within the atom, called brahmAn ( of Advaita Vedanta ) is the substance of all structure.  

The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  



Below:  Lord Shiva an AGHORI  corpse eater in a cremation ground, eating barbecue hot dead flesh from cadavers, as per the white invaders immoral propaganda right?  





WRONG !

Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . .limitless power—the power to boil off oceans in seconds .  

Scalar waves interact with atomic nuclei, rather than with electrons. 

Let the remaining be unsaid.  

Nikola Tesla would want it that way.





Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
.. 
Grace and peace !




Here is a 7000 year old chant-


Tridalam trigunakaram trinetram cha triyayudham
Trijanmapapasamharam ekabilvam shivarpanam 1
Trishakhaih bilva patraishchahya achchidraih komalaih shubhaih
Tavavapujam karishhyami ekabilvam shivarpanam 2
Koti kanya maha danam tila parvata kotayah
Kanchanam sheela danena ekabilvam shivarpanam 3
Kashikshetra nivasam cha kalabhairavadarshanam
Prayaga madhavam druishtva ekabilvam shivarpanamh 4
Induvare vratam sthitva niraharo maheshwara
Naktam haoushyami devecha eka bilvam shivarpanam 5
Ramalinga pratistha cha vaivahika krutam tatha
Tatakadi cha santanam eka bilvam shivarpanam 6
Akhanda bilva patram cha ayutham shiva poojanam
Krutam nama sahasrena eka bilvam shivarpanam 7
Umaya sahadevesha nandi vahana mevacha
Bhasma lepana sarvangam eka bilvam shivarpanam 8
Salagrameshu vipranam tatakam dasha koopayo
Yagyakoti saharacha eka bilvam shivarpanam 9
Dantikoti sahasreshu ashwamedha shatakratau
Kotikanya mahadanam ekabilvam shivarpanam 10
Bilvanam darshanam punyam sparshanam papa nashanam
Aghora papa samharam eka bilvam shivarpanam 11
Sahasra veda patheshu brahma sthapana muchyate
Aneka vrata kotinam eka bilvam shivarpanam 12
Annadana sahasreshu sahasropanayanam tatha
Aneka janma papani eka bilvam shivarpanam 13
Bilvashtakamidam punyam yah patheth shivasannidhau
Shivalokamavapnoti eka bilvam shivarpanam 14


 I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
Which has three leaves,
Which causes three qualities,
Which are like the three eyes of Shiva,
Which is like the triad of weapons,
And which destroys sins of three births. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
Which has three shoots,
Which do not have holes,
Which are good and pretty,
And worship Lord Shiva. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
For if an uncut leaf is offered,
To his steed the god Nandi,
We get cleaned of all our sins. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
For it is equal to, offering a saligrama to a Brahmin,
Or the great blessing got out of performing Soma Yaga, 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
For it is equal to gifting thousand elephants,
Or the performing of hundred fire sacrifices,
Or giving away millions of cows. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
For it is equal to giving a tree of Bilwa,
Which was born from the breast of Lakshmi,
And which is very dear to the Lord Shiva. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
As seeing and touching of a tree of Bilwa,
Washes away ones sins and also very great sins. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
After living in the city of Kasi,
Seeing the Kala Bhairawa,
And also visiting the temple
Of Madhawa in Allahabad. 
I offer one leaf of Bilwa to Lord Shiva,
As Brahma resides at its bottom,
Lord Vishnu lives in its middle,
And Lord Shiva lives in its tip. 
Reading this holy octet of Bilwa,
In the presence of Lord Shiva,
Would save one from all sins,
And in the end take him to the world of Shiva.




EPILOGUE:
Mendeleev arranged his elements in the order of increasing atomic number.. based on Panini’s Sanskrit alphabets . All this is pregnant with deep meaning to a man with perception  .

Let me put down some facts –

Atoms are the basic units of matter and the defining structure of elements. Atoms are made up of three particles: protons, neutrons and electrons.

Protons and neutrons are heavier than electrons and reside in the center of the atom, which is called the nucleus. Electrons are extremely lightweight and exist in a cloud orbiting the nucleus. The electron cloud has a radius 10,000 times greater than the nucleus.

The number of protons in an atom defines what element it is.  For example, carbon atoms have six protons, hydrogen atoms have one and oxygen atoms have eight.  The number of protons in an atom is referred to as the atomic number of that element.  The number of protons in an atom also determines the chemical behavior of the element.

Electrons have a negative charge and are electrically attracted to the positively charged protons. Electrons surround the atomic nucleus in pathways called orbitals.  The inner orbitals surrounding the atom are spherical but the outer orbitals are much more complicated.

An atom's electron configuration is the orbital description of the locations of the electrons in an unexcited atom.  Using the electron configuration and principles of physics, chemists can predict an atom's properties, such as stability, boiling point and conductivity. Typically, only the outermost electron shells matter in chemistry.  

Protons and neutrons have approximately the same mass. However, one proton weighs more than 1,800 electrons. Atoms always have an equal number of protons and electrons, and the number of protons and neutrons is usually the same as well.  Adding a proton to an atom makes a new element, while adding a neutron makes an isotope, or heavier version, of that atom.  

Virtually all the mass of the atom resides in the nucleus.  The nucleus is held together by the "strong force," one of the four basic forces in nature. Protons are positively charged particles found within atomic nuclei.

The number of electrons surrounding the nucleus of an electrically neutral atom equals the number of protons in the nucleus. The nucleus is very tiny compared with the orbits of the surrounding electrons.

For example, hydrogen, the simplest atom, consists of one proton with one accompanying electron. The orbit of the electron in its normal state is about 145,000 times the diameter of the proton. The electron has a mass only 1/1836 that of a proton. Electrons are involved in the chemical reactions that form compounds.

Electron shells or energy levels can only contain a certain number of electrons ie 2,8,18,32,32,18,8 which match to the first four quadratic numbers.  Valence electrons lie in the outermost electron shell of an element. 

The number of valence electrons that an atom has determines the kinds of chemical bonds that it can form. 
The best way to find valence electrons is to use the periodic table of elements.  If the valence shell is full, then the element is inert.  If the valence shell isn't full, then the element is reactive, which means that it can form a bond with an atom of another element.  Each atom shares its valence electrons in an attempt to complete its own valence shell.

Valence electrons are also responsible for the electrical conductivity of an element; as a result, an element may be classified as a metal, a nonmetals, or semiconductors (or metalloid).

Like an electron in an inner shell, a valence electron has the ability to absorb or release energy in the form of a photon. An energy gain can trigger an electron to move (jump) to an outer shell; this is known as atomic excitation.  Or the electron can even break free from its associated atom's valence shell; this is ionization to form a positive ion. When an electron loses energy (thereby causing a photon to be emitted), then it can move to an inner shell which is not fully occupied.

Each shell can contain only a fixed number of electrons: The 1st shell can hold up to two electrons, the 2nd shell can hold up to eight (2 + 6) electrons, the 3rd shell can hold up to 18 (2 + 6 + 10) and so on. The general formula is that the nth shell can in principle hold up to 2n2 electrons.

Since electrons are electrically attracted to the nucleus, an atom's electrons will generally occupy outer shells only if the more inner shells have already been completely filled by other electrons. Atoms may have two or even three incomplete outer shells. The electrons in the outermost occupied shell (or shells) determine the chemical properties of the atom; it is called the valence shell.

Electrons in outer shells have higher average energy and travel farther from the nucleus than those in inner shells. This makes them more important in determining how the atom reacts chemically and behaves as a conductor, because the pull of the atom's nucleus upon them is weaker and more easily broken. In this way, a given element's reactivity is highly dependent upon its electronic configuration.

Electromagnetic radiation is different from sound in that it can travel in space and does not need a medium like air or water to travel through. Electromagnetic radiation is made when an atom absorbs energy. The absorbed energy causes one or more electrons to change their locale within the atom. When the electron returns to its original position, an electromagnetic wave is produced.

Depending on the kind of atom and the amount of energy, this electromagnetic radiation can take the form of heat, light, ultraviolet, or other electromagnetic waves. There are several ways of causing atoms to absorb energy. One way is to excite the atoms with electrical energy. We do this in neon signs.

The electricity we put through the neon tubes will excite or add energy to the neon atoms. These electrons in these atoms are then in a high energy state. The electrons don't like to be in the high energy state and will fall back down into the low energy state giving off radiation which we see as light.

This explains why we see light but doesn't explain why neon signs are a reddish-purple. (Neon signs are other colors, but that is because they are made out of colored glass.) The reason why neon signs are a certain color is because when a gas is excited by electricity, it tends to only emit certain colors.

Protons are made of other particles called quarks. There are three quarks in each proton — two "up" quarks and one "down" quark — and they are held together by other particles called gluons.

Neutrons are uncharged particles found within atomic nuclei. A neutron's mass is slightly larger than that of a proton. Like protons, neutrons are also made of quarks.  The number of neutrons in a nucleus determines the isotope of that element.

All electric currents are NOT flows of electrons alone. In salt water, in fluorescent bulbs, and in battery acid, atoms with extra protons can flow along, and this flow is a genuine electric current.

In AC electric circuits the charges wiggle back and forth, but the energy moves continuously forward. This is analogous to the way that sound waves move continuously forward through the air, while the air itself wiggles back and forth.  Electric current is not a flow of energy; it's a flow of charge.

All the electric currents in your brain and nerves are composed of moving sodium and potassium atoms. No electrons are involved.
*********************************************************************
TROJAN HORSE FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs OF INDIA – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Yesterday the Naxalites killed seven elite police commandos and critically injured 2 killed in  landmine blast in Gadchiroli, which is outside the RED CORRIDOR .   



This attack is ostensibly a retaliation for the arrest of Delhi university professor GN Saibaba for his alleged Naxal links. The blast was so powerful that it blew the police van several metres away and turned it into a mangled mass of metal.



How do the Naxals get such sophisticated explosive devices and arms ?  Is there NO political will to eliminate the naxal menace ?  

Why are Trojan horse foreign funded NGOs being allowed a free run in India ?   What are the compulsions that the ruling  govt is unable to curb such influx of foreign money for sedition and subversive purposes in India?





Now, what is a Trojan horse ?

Below: A video clip from the Hollywood movie TROY.



The Trojan Horse is a tale from the Trojan war penned by Greek Homer in 850 BC, about the stratagem that allowed the Greeks finally to enter the city of Troy and end the conflict. 

After a fruitless 10-year siege, the Greeks constructed a huge wooden horse, and hid a select commando force of soldiers inside, and left  this parting gift in front of the walls of the city of Troy. This giant wooden horse which appeared to be an offering to Athena -- a peace offering.. 

The Greeks then pretended to sail away.  The jubilant Trojans dragged the monstrous, wheeled, wooden horse into their city , as a trophy , to celebrate the end of the 10 years of fighting. 

That night, while the Trojans were more than a little comatose from too much drinking and merry making , the Greeks slipped quietly out the trap door Odysseus had had built in the Trojan horse's belly.  

They opened the huge doors of the walled city , let in the invaders from outside , set fire to the city--and won a war they had no hope of winning.

Below: The ancient kingdom of Gandhara 



Did this Trojan Horse episode actually happen at Troy or was it a fable.

Below:  An ancient relief unearthed at the ancient kingdom of Gandhara. ( Balochistan ) -- a 6000 year old stone sculpture exhumed from the northern bank of Dargai Canal , North of Peshawar.



It was a fable concocted by Greek Homer, lifted from two TRUE stories which happened in India— one with a stuffed horse and the other with a stuffed elephant .



In Mahabharata the much maligned prince Sakuni was from the kingdom of Gandara .  His beautiful elder sister princess Gandhari had a phobia of the dark and she would be terrified of darkness . 



Kandahar in Afghanistan was named Gandhari before.
.


Grand sire Bhishma  proposed the marriage of Gandhari to blind king Dhritarashtra.

Below:  Sanjaya teleports and gives blind king Dhritarasthtra a blow by blow account of the war, happening hundreds of miles away..
  


Sankuni was terribly upset and he knew that his elder chaste sister would tie a blindfold over her eyes , and would die a thousand deaths , every minute of her life .

Yet never did Queen Gandhari complain.




When war broke out Gandhari suddenly cried out in anguish  “ I am as much afraid of this war, as this endless darkness “. 

This was her only utterance of her endless suffering.

 And being a loyal wife and a bharatiya naree, she took her sword and wanted to go to war, to protect her Kaurava sons.

Below:  Unable to see her dying son -- one last time!!



The story of the stuffed but hollow elephant happened in the ancient kingdom of Vatsa, around Allahabad.. 

King Udayana was the ruler of Vatsa in 1900 BC, during the time of Lord Buddha.  He was a Hindu king and all these stories by the white invader that he converted to Buddhism is all bull.  

Rothschild planted the FAKE story written by Bhasa and exhumed it in Kerala in 1921.   

This story Svapnavasavadattam or dream of Vasavadatta is a Sanskrit play in six acts, was planted just to show how Hinduism was such a bad religion that several ancient Kings converted to Buddhism (  like emperor Ashoka ) . 

The ancient Hindu Puranas state that the Vatsa Kingdom ( with Capital at Kausambi ) was named after a Kasi king, Vatsa.

King Udayana was a great Veena player and could charm wild elephants into submission just by his music. A rival king Pradyota had a huge hollow stuffed elephant made with soldiers inside manipulating the trunk, ears and tail, making it look lifelike and sent it to King Udayana’s kingdom as a decoy. .. 

King Udayana promptly took his veena and tried to tame the strange white elephant, alone without his soldiers.. When they got close King Pradyota's soldiers who were hiding in the hollow belly of the decoy elephant, jumped out and captured him. 

Pradyota offers to free him if Udayana teaches him how to cast a spell on  animals with his veena. Udayana demands dakshina due to a guru . Pradyota considers it demeaning and asks Udayana to teach a hunchback instead.  


The hunchback is none other than his beautiful daughter Vasavadatta who is told that the guru is a leper , so they would be separated by curtains.  During this training a verbal tiff between teacher and the girl student brings them face-to-face and they fall in love.



The Vatsas were a branch of the Kuru dynasty.  The Puranas state that after the washing away of Hastinapura by the Ganges, the Bharata king Nicaksu, the great-great grandson of Janamejaya ( who built Kedarnath temple ) , abandoned the city and settled in Kausambi. This is supported by the Svapnavaasavadatta and the Pratijna-Yaugandharayana attributed to Bhasa. Both of them have described the King Udayana as a scion of the Bharata family (bharata-kula).



In Mahabharata 4000 BC, King Dhristadyumna describes each of the kings assembled for the Swayamavara in a letter to his sister Draupadi “.......the mighty charioteer Srutayu, Uluka, Kaitava, Chitrangada and Suvangada, the highly intelligent Vatsaraja (King of Vatsa Kingdom), the king of Kosala, Sisupala and the powerful Jarasandha, these and many other great kings—all Kshatriyas celebrated throughout the world—have come, O blessed one, for thee."



On day two of Mahabharata war , at the battle ground of  Kurukshetra, it is written: "Dhristadyumna, the Commander-in-Chief of the Pandava army, forms the military formation called Krauncharuma ( bird-shaped military array).   Yudhishthira, with the Patachcharas, the Hunas, the Pauravakas and the Nishadas, became its two wings, so also the Pisachas, with the Kundavishas, and the Mandakas, the Ladakas, the Tanganas, and the Uddras, O Bharata, and the Saravas, the Tumbhumas, the Vatsas and the Nakulas”.




Mahabharata mentions that the mighty son of Kunti, Bhima subjugated by sheer force the country called Vatsa Bhumi..



The white invader converted many ancient Hindu kings to Buddhism by injecting poison into the Hindu scriptures.  Let the Kancha Ilaiah and the Ambedkarites types ponder.   Today Buddhism is even more intolerant than Islam— check out the happening around the planet like Sri Lanka, Myanmar etc..  

Getting back-

Today in India we have one NGO per every 450 people., while we have  one policeman for every 943 people.  Most of the foreign funded NGOs are Trojan Horses doing anti-national activities. The amount of money flowing into the NGO sector is more than 75000 crores.

The white invader first landed in 1498 in my hometown Calicut , in the form of Vasco Da Gama.  Since then it has been deceit and " divide and rule" all along.  Never ever forget this!  

Bishop Desmond Tutu of South Africa was once asked how he became a priest at the UN .  



He said "When the white Christian missionaries first came, we had the land and they had the Bible.  Then the Catholic missionaries cried-- hallelujah, close your eyes and let us pray to the good lord above .  So, we closed our eyes and prayed.  When we opened our eyes after some time,  they had the land , and we had the Bible!"

A lot of these foreign funded NGOs produce FAKE witnesses in courts of law.   Indian courts want evidence and witnesses are bribed using foreign funds.   This is why you find terrorists and their helpers  flush with endless Saudi Wahabi funds via Trojan horse NGOs  , say that they TRUST Indian courts.



Let me quote Wikipedia—

QUOTE : In April 2009, the Times of India ran a story claiming that the Special Investigation Team (SIT) setup by the Supreme Court of India to investigate and expedite the Gujarat riot cases had submitted before the Court that Teesta Setalvad had cooked up cases of violence to spice up the incidents.  

The SIT which is headed by former CBI director, R K Raghavan has said that false witnesses were tutored to give evidence about imaginary incidents by Teesta Setalvad and other NGOs.[52] The SIT charged her of “cooking up macabre tales of killings”.[53]

The court was told that 22 witnesses, who had submitted identical affidavits before various courts relating to riot incidents, were questioned by SIT and it was found that the witnesses had not actually witnessed the incidents and they were tutored and the affidavits were handed over to them by Setalvad.[53] 

The report which was brought to the notice of the bench consisting of Justices Arijit Pasayat, P Sathasivam and Aftab Alam, noted that the much publicised case of a pregnant Muslim woman Kausar Bano being gangraped by a mob and foetus being removed with sharp weapons, was also fabricated, and false.  

SIT head RK Raghvan noted that "many incidents were cooked up, false witnesses were tutored to give evidence about imaginary incidents, and false charges levelled against the then Ahmedabad Director General of Police  P C Pandey "  : UNQUOTE

Pandey was the Ahmedabad police commissioner during the 2002 Gujarat communal riots. Pandey, who has been targetted by human right's activists like Teesta Setalvad and others for his partisan role, has been cleared of all charges after seven years.

Less than 2% of the 20 lakh-odd NGOs operating in the country file annual returns with the government. Some of these Trojan horses NGOs have politicians and key Govt people in their payroll.



In 1976, at the height of the Emergency imposed by Indira Gandhi, India’s Parliament enacted a piece of legislation called the Foreign Contribution (Regulation) Act.   It prohibited political parties and ‘organisations of a political nature’, civil servants and judges, as also correspondents, columnists and editors/owners of registered newspapers and news broadcasting organisations— and even cartoonists—from receiving foreign contributions.

Swami Lakshmanananda Saraswati  was assassinated along with four disciples by Maoist insurgents using sophisticated automatic guns.   On 30 September 2013, a district court convicted seven converted Christians for the crime.   Immediately Trojan horse NGO human rights activists have cried foul and appealed in the high court.

A lot of foreign " human rights awards" and "defenders of democracy awards "  are going to anti-national forces nowadays.  A lot of funds go to driving wedges between religious groups who co-exist peacefully.  

Today if you form a NGO  to re-open the sores of Godhra or Kandhamal , you get free cash from jealous foreign nations, who want to dismember India.. When Anna Hazare and Kejriwal were running amok, doing endless rabble rousing we had USA asking the Indian govt to show restraint .

Even super-power Russia could NOT prevent foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs preaching Perestoika and Glasnost from breaking up USSR .   A lot of “popular uprisings" around the planet , against governments NOT toeing the Zionist financial bankers/ Western line has been triggered by foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs .

Today in India there are sleeper cells run by anti-national forces, ready to trigger an uprising when their foreign masters order it. They test controls often by selective mass SMS for flash candle light vigils.

The Russian designed Koodankulam Anti-Nuclear protests were controlled by Christian Missionary NGOs funded by the West, in retaliation for Western designed Jaitapur Areva nuclear plant protests.

Does democracy in India have any meaning when foreign forces decide who stands as a candidate?  This is done even at lowest Panchayat levels-- as the Koodankulam Panchayat president was installed by a Christian missionary NGO.   

If you say a word against a Jew in USA , you will be branded anti-semitic and you will be sued by Zionist organizations funded by powerful forces.  But if  you say Hindu Goddess Sita had sex with Ravana, well you will be invited to the White house and Queen's box at Wimbledon, for exercising your freedom of expression-- and you will be in line for the next Rothschild agent Rockfeller / Ford  award.



Today if a foreign terrorist ( like Purulia arms drop ) is put in jail, immediately an Indian NGO will fight for him to be put in a AC hospital, quoting health problems. 

Putin has clamped down on anti-national activities by Western Trojan horses. Under the new Russian law, any material foreign funded NGO groups distributed would have to come with a warning that it was written by a foreign agent, and organizations would have to file detailed quarterly financial reports.

Failure to comply would bring heavy fines for the heads of these organizations and up to one million rubles for the organizations themselves.  Anyone who continued to participate in organizations that violated the rules could be fined heavily or sent to prison.

A lot of Trojan horse NGOs are controlled by the evil Pharma , to convert Indians to lab guinea pigs.  On the surface these NGOs are do gooders and good Samaritans helping poor tribals to get access to free immunization programs. 

What they do NOT tell, is that these drugs are being tried out for the first time on humans. If anybody dies, the same NGOs act as double agents to hush the case up and do the necessary bribings, and to eliminate whistle blowers. 

These are EVIL people without a conscience. Despite a Supreme Court order this untested generic drugs being used on unsuspecting Indians still goes on in a rampant manner. These Trojan horses literally facilitate a new colonization of India, all for a few pieces of silver. Most of these drugs are tried on poor tribals in forests who are lured by foreign funded Christian missionaries in the garb of messiahs. 

The best part is that none of these poor tribals will ever get the rich man’s diseases for which they are being used as guinea pigs . Some of them were seeing a hospital for the first time in their lives. When people die these NGOs buy the silence of people who are supposed to investigate and punish. 

They will give them free lawyers—of course the lawyers are also bribed to ensure that big brother Pharma always win—or secure an out of court settlement where the poor tribal gets nothing.  There is absolutely nil ethics involved. 

They prey on poor people who cannot read or write and make them put their thumb imprints on a piece of document they wont ever understand. The NGO messiah recruiters most of the time don’t even bother to take individual consent forms. They bribe the head master of a Government school or wardens of hostels to round up their guinea pigs, without parental consent for minors. 

The Indian government deliberately do NOT have any inquiry into the money trail of these lobbying NGOs. These NGOs make sure no police complaints can bear fruit.  Money talks everywhere.  Corrupt police make sure whistle blowers never come out of remand jail, and they are attacked while in jail.

NGOs create the fear psychosis in poor tribal areas about imaginary epidemics for which mass immunization is a must , and when things go wrong the same NGOs go back as double agents to bury the truths.  

In 2010 more than  23,500 tribal girls between ages of 10-14 years in Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat were given the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccine that prevents cervical cancer, when these areas do NOT have any instances of cervical cancer. Their poverty desists the unfortunate parents of these children from suing these filthy rich Pharmas—who use the services of their watch dog NGOs. 

Why do you think all these Foreign funded Christian missionaries hold FREE health camps for tribals in remote areas of forests?  All these Judases and traitors, including the DCGI officials, drug companies and medical experts, involved in the racket need to be identified and punished.  

India is a major supplier for illegal and immoral body organ harvesting. All kidney surgeons must be registered and be forced to give monthly statement of work done with photographs, finger prints and videos of the submission/ acceptance procedure. 

The punishment must be DEATH as a deterrent, for illegal body organ harvesting. These soul less evil Trojan horse NGO runners deserve NIL sympathy. 

The biggest mistake Gaddafi made was to warm up to friendly overtures of West leaders in the recent past and allow NGOs funded by foreign bankers run wild in Libya . He did NOT notice that a lot of security private agencies cropped up mysteriously.  

All this Libyan stuff, is dirt in the finger nail, when compared with India,  where 1/5 of our land mass is controlled by Naxalites.  Naxalites hold they sway in the “Red corridor”, where they control some 92,000 square kilometers of India. 

Some 30,000 armed cadre Naxalites were operating in addition to 60,000 regular cadres .  More than 100 foreign funded Christian Missionary NGOs actively work for naxalites and are raising funds and recruiting people at various levels.

When Narendra Modi comes to power on 16th May, the foreign supari fed Indian TV and news media must be closely monitored.  



The "sedition party" who does too much ideological propaganda , MUST be locked up in jail.   I am sure he knows the bad eggs .

FREEDOM OF PRESS IS FOR DESH BHAKT MEDIA --  



-- NOT FOR BENAMI INDIAN OWNER FRONTS OF MEDIA ( LEFT BEHIND BY THE WHITE INVADER WHO WAS KICKED OUT OF INDIA IN 1947) ,  AND THEIR FOREIGN SUPARI FED,  DESH DROHI JOURNALISTS .

Below: Indian soldiers killed by Naxalites-- can this happen in any other country on this planet?



Everybody knows that the UKRAINE SPRING which backfired badly on NATO, was a result of NGOs- arm twisting President Viktor Yanukovych to sign an economic agreement with the EU and thus cock a snook at Putin..    

The draft of the EU "Association Agreement" came in the garb of a juicy economic boon for Ukrainian citizens,  in reality it appears to be NATO's Trojan Horse: a massive expansion of NATO's military position in the region.

NGOs mushroomed in Venezuela after Chavez's 1998 electoral triumph-but alas the 2002 anti-Chavez coup collapsed, as Chavez was able to sniff these Trojan horse NGOs out.  Student attack groups played the central role in the clashes between protesters and police in Venezuela in May, 2007 when the government revoked the license of the seditious RCTV channel.   Everybody in India knows that we have such TV channels in India .

Activists from the Trojan horse NGOs were spotted by Venezuela’s secret police ,during transactions with CIA operatives who supply to them instructions and funds.  An end was put to the untamed activity of NGOs – the US Trojan Horses in Venezuela - in December, 2010 when the parliament of the country passed a law on the protection of political sovereignty and national self-determination. .

By the law, these Trojan horse NGOs are subject to sanctions for drawing money from abroad with the aims of destabilizing Venezuela.  The Trojan horses handle whores as honeypots, to create scandals.

India must know that like in Venezuela, the most popular way to smuggle currency into the country is to have it delivered by diplomatic mail.  Indira Gandhi knew this when she declared emergency in India in the seventies.

Every foreign funded NGO is a Trojan horse. They will do rabble rousing, make mountains out of mole hills and institutionalize every single form of dissent with the aid of foreign press and even UN. 

In the recent past every popular uprising on this planet has been triggered by foreign funded NGOs or TROJAN HORSE warriors. There is NO reason why the white man and Islamic countries should be in love with Indians to give free money.

When the Arab Spring Uprising began, the world was led to believe by big brother controlled main stream that it was a popular call for democratic change.   A slew of “human rights” NGO groups funded, and working under the umbrella and supervision western governments who wanted  Zionist friendly rulers.

Everyone knows that the CIA funds various covert operations throughout the world.  They do this through various front organizations including known CIA operations groups which funnel funds to Trojan horse NGOs . These NGOs  use those funds to achieve objectives both foreign and domestic .

Punch into Google search-
ABOLISH THE RAJYA SABHA  VADAKAYIL

People are given awards for writing bullsh#t books of no literary value , and then hey presto, they become advisors to the nation.  Take away the vulgar sex from Arundhati Roy’s book GOD OF SMALL THINGS –after that check out what it is worth—it will be like warm , no FIZZ beer , tasting like piss.

Punch into Google search-
INDIA MUST QUIT THE COMMONWEALTH  VADAKAYIL

These Trojan horse NGOs afford scholarships for Judas Ministers in Western Universities.

During British rule in India, the Trojan horses were the opium agents of Rothschild , the Christian missionaries and the immigrant races like Chitpavan Jews,  Syrian Christians , Parsis etc.   Rothschild allowed only these immigrant races to be Indian front owners of his media.


It was a poignant scene when Nambinarayanan the ISRO cryogenic rocket engineer asked  Arnab Goswami  on Newshour  “ AM  I  AN IMMIGRANT,  TO SPY AGAINST INDIA ?”.
( Note : Immigrant races include  Muslims, Parsis, Syrian Christians of Kerala ( Jews )  , Chitpavan Brahmins ( Bene Israel Jews ) , Anglo Indians etc )

I had tears in my eyes.

That said it all !


Trojan horse NGOs use the Internet for  online organizing,  cyberactivism, e-campaigning, and e-activism. They use social media, especially Twitter and Facebook, YouTube, e-mail, and podcasts for various forms of activism to enable faster communications by citizen movements and the delivery of local information to a large audience.  

Internet technologies are used for rabble rousing and cause-related fundraising, lobbying, and organizing.

Punch into Google search-
EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS VADAKAYIL

and

HASBARA , JEWISH PROPAGANDA ON SOCIAL MEDIA WORSE THAN GOEBBELISM VADAKAYIL



Spring revolution gatherings and flash protests can be organized with the input of the organizers and the participants by SMS and social media .

The foreign funded Indian media call studio audiences for a show on hands , based entirely on their face book and twitter leanings.  

When Barkha Dutt of NDTV asked het huge audience  “ How many of you want the anti-homosexual Sec 377 law to be repealed , with Arun Jaitely in front of her,  that was the fastest 100% raise of hands I have ever seen in my life.  

An foreign innocent onlooker will think that India is full of persecuted homosexuals.

Below: See it is so natural to be homosexual and have same sex marriages !  Yes, she is Celina Jaitley who joined congress in 2004  -- at that time an unknown starlet bimbo .



There are Trojan Horse NGOs funded by the NEW WORLD ORDER fully committed to convert India into a homosexual country by brainwashing the masses..

Trojan Horse NGOs act as middle men and brokers between corporates and politicians /police / judiciary. Some of them have whitewashed themselves and introduce themselves as LOBBYISTS.  Lobbyists are  individuals  paid well by sections of industry to influence the movers and shakers at the corridors of power.  

Lobbying is legal bribing and getting away with it.  Lobbying is NOT just talking with politicians to try to convince them. Hardly any Indian politician will be swayed by sweet talk and charm. Lobby groups try to convince politicians with money and goodies —we are NOT talking about small things like gay rights lobbying here.  

The CBI has the guest lists of Nira Radia’s lavish parties at her farm house .  The Radia tapes have exposed the way corporate do lobbying to even fix the appointment of Ministers so that they could reap the fruits of dictated and manipulated government policies.  These tapes have also exposed how the ministers and bureaucrats function as cronies of the corporate sector and influence the actions and policies of the government in their interest. 

Video clips of Nira Radia's taped conversations provide the Indian public a sneak preview as to how PR consultants and corporate lobbyists orchestrate deals when it comes to nexus between mainstream news reporting ( presstitutes )  and government officials. 

The political parties are always on look out for funds to fuel their coffers and to buy MPs to form a majority alliance – or to win a no trust confidence motion in the parliament etc. These donations are nothing but a ‘bribe’ on the consideration that corporate pays only for the undue `favours' it receives or MUST receive from a political party.  

No under the table donation is free —this is just the small fish at the fish hook which will catch the big fish. The Radia episode shows that  the real power centre in democracy under capitalist system exists outside the formal and legal structures of the State. We Indians now get the sneaky feelin’ that we are NOT a ‘Democracy’ but a well run ‘Kleptocracy’ i.e. a system of non-governance characterized by injustice, rampant greed and corruption. 

A state where bribery has become a way of life is a kleptocracy. Once democracy yields to kleptocracy, good governance is given a silent burial. The vacuum thus created is filled by a vicious nexus among politicians, bureaucrats and the corporate who companioning together change the laws of the land to serve their respective interests.

Over a course of time, the corporate interests take over the other interests and corporate start dictating terms to the politicians and the bureaucrats. For this they take recourse to greasing their palm or taking the help of lobbyists who, acting on behalf of corporates, influence the policy decisions of the governments, even trying to influence the appointment of ministers to the ministries which are of particular interests to them. 



Revelations by Neera Radia tapes are clear pointers to this direction. India has just become free after 800 years of slavery. These huge foreign corporates , as soon as they secure a toe hold , puts all important Indian power brokers in their pay rolls and then they run the government by remote control. 

Below: The mother of all scams, THORIUM SCAM, still buried deep .



The wealth of the country now gets siphoned out. 



Crony capitalism arises when political cronyism spills over into the business world. Self-serving friendships and family ties between businessmen and the government influence the economy and society to the extent that it corrupts public-serving economic and political ideals.

They convert our MPs and Ministers into desh-drohis and Judases with few pieces of silver. If wealth cant buy them – it will be muscle,  blackmail using honey traps or even assassination. Once you take a bribe, from these Trojan horses there is no way out.



Crony capitalism is the inevitable result of any capitalist system. Since big businesses make big money and money leads to political power, business will inevitably use their power to influence governments. The recent Occupy Wall Street movement was all about common man wanting an end to the influence of the super wealthy in the political process, which is manifestation of crony capitalism.

Wal-Mart Stores, has “conceded” that they have spent nearly USD 1.5 million on lobbying in the last quarter ended June 30, 2012 on various issues, including matters "related to FDI in India." . How much they have not conceded? Your guess is as good as mine. 



Bribery is the first step towards subversion of the system. Slowly but steadily, a parallel system is formed. This results in an unfair advantage for the bribe giver. 

Over time, the system erodes the economic foundation of the country, hurting the most vulnerable members of the society and filling the middle class with a sense of hopelessness and cynicism.  

Now you get the drift why Narendra Modi is seen as the messiah of India.





So this is what George Orwell said in 1984— all are equal, but some are more equal than others.  So now a rich person has more freedom of speech than a poor one.   

But why should we Indians bitch?  Our private medical colleges churn out substandard doctors who have paid 85 lakhs donation channeled through Trojan horse NGOs , to get into the college, right?  The intelligent students who could not get a seat , drive auto rickshaws to survive.  

Our rulers go abroad for medical treatment as they do NOT trust the “donation party “ and SC/ ST quota doctors of India.  Narendra Modi will unearth where all our abroad medical party rulers went and which all foreign benami financial accounts they activated and de-activated .


Wanna know how the WHITE and GREEN revolutions facilitated by Trojan Horses  have screwed India?

Punch into Google search-

MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA  VADAKAYIL

and

NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS  VADAKAYIL


The diplomatic cables leaked by Wikileaks, shed light on how Jewess Hillary Clinton, who has served on the board of Jewish Walmart, which is an Arkansas headquartered company (Bill Clinton is a former governor of Arkansas), had been very interested in knowing what was the position of Commerce Minister Anand Sharma on Multi-brand retail.

Punch into Google search-
WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA  VADAKAYIL

and

WILL INDIA BE A BANANA REPUBLIC, FDI IN MULTI BRAND RETAIL ALLOWED VADAKAYIL


The power, mining, environment , airline, oil and gas sectors have also been hotbeds of intense Trojan Horse  lobbying in India.   If you steal a slice of bread for your hungry child you are a criminal -- this is the sad state of India now..

Now, in the army , these shady  multinationals are “lobbying” retired Generals and  retired Defence ministry Indian bureaucrats to do the dirty “middle man “ job of passing on the bribes as carrier pigeons . They use the connections and relations of these retired officials , with former junior colleagues to clinch the issue. 

Ex-bureaucrats are now playing a major role for their corporate bosses in crucial infrastructure sectors like telecom, power, roads and ports where large-scale deregulation has taken place. This type of thing must have a severe jail sentence , including seizing of all private assets of these Judases.



How does a foreign funded TV channel like Times Now TV ( Arnab Goswami ) get hold of sensitive government bid documents. Why do we allow Arnab to boast out his connections and take this as a big joke?  Or do we need to shut the TV channel down till he owns up as to who leaked these sensitive documents ?

There ishardly any FREE and independent journalism on regular Zionist monopolized mainstream media. You don't get published unless you espouse the corporate line.   If you don’t toe the corporate line , the foreign money bag who funds the media, will you get fired.



Investigative journalism" no longer exists—and if it does exist it is slanted to favor somebody who has “lobbied” .  Truth can only be found on the Internet, and you must look hard to find it.  We Indian know these  double faced , desh drohi, media anchors and journalists.  Narendra  Modi will bring them to justice.

Several retired IAS officers from sensitive ministries , opened up consultancy services for multinationals and they are now rolling in money. They have foreign kickback accounts and are doing foreign trips.  Narendra Modi must make laws to prevent all this.

“It’s a complicated system, almost like a parallel government with its own rules, structures. People are fixed, punished, rewarded,” admits a lobbyist shadow warrior. “But that’s how it is.”  Lobbyists are no longer in the shadows, they have become public figures, dining and wining and rubbing shoulders with the powers-that-be.  They get invites to Western embassy Christmas cocktails and dinners.



Protecting investment climate has become a ploy for dishing out selective and holy cow treatment to rich corporates that might be detrimental to India's national interest and security.  Can you imagine— even Mother Teresa lobbied vigorously for UCC chairman Anderson .  Dow has paid for UC liabilities in the US—but not in India.

Under the ise rule of Narendra Modi , India will overtake USA as world’s No 1 superpower in 20years.  We are a RICH nation with a critical and strategic landmass , populated with intelligent people , where ALL companies want to invest money.  We have to deal with foreign corporations from a point of strength.  There is NO need to attract investment by scuttling the nation.  



Of course, business and entrepreneurship is good for India and the government should help the business community-- but NOT at the expense of going back to slavery by becoming a banana republic.

The multi-nationals can come to India to do business. We Indians will NOT allow them to "lobby"  ( buy our minsters) and rule our country by remote control , and siphon off our nation's wealth.

Government's priority in policy should be the countrys' and  citizens’ interest. It can’t be the other way around. 

Why do we allow all these foreign funded TV channels to dole out annual awards? These are sham awards for quid pro quo deals.  Recently the Election Commission was given an award by NDTV in the thick of elections.  Is there no code of conduct ?

What are all these foreign supari fed TV sham awards for--if it is NOT for king making ? More often than not they take instructions from their foreign owners , which CM to patronize.



How did a bankrupt shoe shop owner, Gopal Goel Kanda make his millions and become the Home Minister too in Sonia Gandhi’s  UPA govt of Haryana?  Are there no checks and stoppers ? 

This goon Kanda started an airline which had more young , inexperienced , pretty and personally handpicked women employees,  than men. He was sexually abusing his girl employees , and when one of them committed suicide , the lid got blown off.



In India we need a fast and efficient judiciary to handover judgments in fair and impartial manner  without political and social pressure. We need a clean and unbiased police that will come to the aid of those working on the right side of the law.

This type of a thing , where as soon as a new home minister ( like Gopal Goyal Kanda ) takes over, he gets all honest police officers transferred , and installs his own minions and sidekicks, running at his beck and call, must be ended. 



If India has to become a super power we need to terminate criminalization of politics and rip asunder  the nexus among criminals, politicians and bureaucrats in India. We cannot allow such criminal networks to virtually running a parallel government.  



We need to decimate criminal gangs who enjoyed the patronage of corrupt politicians ( of all political parties)  and protect the honest government functionaries like IAS officer Khemka who exposed Robert Wadhera -- nay- Vadra ( angrez hai na! ).

Bribery in bureaucracy is the reason for the higher cost of production of goods and services. Many types of bribes exist: tip, gift, sop, perk, skim, favor, discount, waived fee/ticket, free food, free ad, free trip, free tickets, sweetheart deal, kickback, funding, inflated sale of an object or property, lucrative contract, donation, campaign contribution, fundraiser, sponsorship/backing, higher paying job, stock options, secret commission, or promotion (rise of rank), scholarship for children in western university etc .



When Narendra Modi was denied UK and USA visa, he declared “ Very soon they will come on their knees begging for Gujarat visa” .  
*********************************************************************
INTERLINKING RIVERS OF INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SINCE I AM BUSY FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS ,THIS POST WILL BE DELAYED.

WARNING   WARNING   WARNING--

THE THING TO NOTE IS THAT THIS GRANDIOSE SCHEME OF INTERLINKING INDIA'S RIVERS TOM TOMMED BY VAJPAYEE , ABDUL KALAM AND PAST NDA BIGWIGS , IS NOT FEASIBLE AND IS FRAUGHT WITH DANGER.

THE RIVER INTERLINKING WAS THE BRAINWAVE OF A PEA BRAINED AIRPLANE CAPTAIN WITH ZILCH PERCEPTION BY THE NAME OF CAPT DINSHAW DASTUR.

NARENDRA MODI MUST PUT THIS RIVER INTERLINKING PLAN ON THE BACK BURNER .



WE DO NOT HAVE THE FUNDS FOR THIS WHITE ELEPHANT SCHEME AND IT IS THE EASIEST WAY TO GET KICKED OUT IN THE 2019 ELECTIONS.

UPA KNEW 3 YEARS AGO, THAT THEY WILL LOSE THE 2014 ELECTIONS, AND THE SUPREME COURT DIKTAT TO GO AHEAD WITH THE RIVER INTERLINKING SCHEME SMELLS OF AN ULTERIOR SCHEME.

Below: Gift from Italian madame to Narendra Modi.



JUDICIARY HAS NO RIGHT AS PER OUR INDIAN CONSTITUTION TO GIVE SUCH AN ORDER-- AND IS CLEARLY A CASE OF JUDICIAL OVER REACH.

NARENDRA MODI MUST NOT MAKE ANY POLITICAL COMMITMENT OR TALK ABOUT THIS MINDLESS RIVER INTERLINKING SCHEME IN HIS PM MAIDEN ADDRESS TO THE INDIAN PEOPLE.  

RIVERS CONTAIN LIFE -- THEY ARE NOT GUTTER PIPE DRAINS TO THE SEA .




THERE IS SOMETHING CALLED SALT WATER INTRUSION INTO GROUND WATER AQUIFERS ALONG THE COAST. 




THE FUNDS SET UP FOR THIS MUST BE DIVERTED FOR OTHER CRITICAL AREAS LIKE PROVIDING MILITARY HARDWARE TO OUR ARMED FORCES-- WE NEED NUCLEAR SUBMARINES AND ICBMs.

STATES IN INDIA DEFICIENT IN WATER LIKE TAMIL NADU MUST GO FOR RAINWATER HARVESTING TO RECHARGE GROUND WATER AQUIFERS.

WATER GOES DOWN TO FIND ITS UNIVERSAL LEVEL—MINDLESS SCHEMES OF TAKING RIVER WATER UPWARDS BY WASTING POWER-  THIS CAN ONLY BE CONCEIVED BY MORBID DELUSIONAL MINDS  .  GOOGLE EARTH CAN GIVE LAND TERRA FIRMA ELEVATIONS EVEN TO THE LAYMAN TODAY .


The Narmada-Kshipra link project has been completed and inaugurated without Environment Impact Assessment  and Environmental Clearance.    Narmada's water to be lifted up against gravity through nearly  50 kilometers of pipelines.   The first phase of the project was completed in 14 months and LK Advani ran skippety skip to inaugurate  it.   Modi was absent .

AND RIVER OVERFLOWING BANKS IS ONE WAY SILT ENRICHES AND MOISTURE CHARGES THE HUMOUS SOIL .  ARTIFICIAL CHEMICAL FERTLIZERS MAKES THE SOIL THIRSTY  .

meanwhile read and understand this post below-  the contents are more than enough to tide over Indias water problems in the first 10 years .

punch into google search-

VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS  VADAKAYIL

Below: Kedarnath temple is built of top of a MASSIVE black meteorite stone-- a Shiva lingam-- a black stone which contains DNA , the seed , the semen --which made you and me, and gave life to this planet -

If you do NOT believe , punch into Google search-
NASA  DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE VADAKAYIL





DOES CAPT DISHAW J DASTUR EVEN KNOW WHAT IS HAARP  ?  –  

OR THE MODERN CLIMATE CHANGE SINISTER PROGRAMS  ?   



COULD HE EVER IMAGINE THE TYPE OF WATER POWER DISASTER THAT HAPPENED AT KEDARNATH TEMPLE ?




In the early 1960s, the Soviet government decided the two rivers that fed the Aral Sea, the Amu Darya in the south and the Syr Darya in the east, would be diverted to irrigate the desert, in an attempt to grow export cotton.  

This 4th largest lake on the planet , was ruled  by India in7000 BC..




Most of the canals were poorly water proofed or evaporation proofed.  These canals did NOT run on top of any underwater aquifers, which could have been recharged.


Below:  Gaddafi under western influence ( chadoed up channe ka jhaad )  , allowed hundreds of TROJAN HORSE NGOs into Libya .  The red colour on his face , is the price for trusting the west.   This is a man who rubbed shoulders with all world leaders , who hugged him and said  COOCHIIEEE KOOOO !

In India we have 100 times more TROJAN HORSE NGOs who has armed the RED CORRIDOR , ready to create a revolution on receiving the green signal by SMS , from big brother.  The red colour could be on the face of our own elected PM .




Do you want to know the meaning of WATER WARS ?

I WANT EVERY READER TO READ THE BELOW POST CAREFULLY.   IT IS COMPULSORY.

Punch into Google search-

ETHNIC CLEANSING OF BLACK SKINNED PEOPLE IN LIBYA VADAKAYIL


Let me see if my readers have perception.

The RED CORRIDOR consists of "soul harvested" people . 

All the NOTA votes came from this Naxalite corridor. The day the NOTA percentage is high ( rigged/ bought  ) , the west will call for regime change in India ( like Libya )

Below: 2014 Lok Sabha election results.


Falling agriculture income, rising agriculture debt ( GM food fallout ) and high farm investments have caused the Punjab youth to take solace in drugs and extreme Naxal  ideology.    




CM of Punjab Parkash Singh Badal had warned all and sundry 13 months ago.  Naxal / anti-national activity is confirmed in Punjab by the high amount of NOTA votes .  As per EC figures, 58,754 voters had pressed NOTA in Punjab in 2014 Lok Sabha elections , which is higher than the number of votes secured by CPI (54,785) and SAD (Amritsar), which could manage to get 35,516 votes only.  CPI (M) could not secure even half of the NOTA figure.



Below: RED corridor with Naxals armed by foreign desh drohis and TROJAN HORSE NGOs.  Do we have the political will to break the backbone of the naxalites?   




All foreign award winning naxal sympathizers are given space on prime time TV, by our foreign supari fed and big brother benami front Indian media.




Below : Capt Dinshaw J Dastur's GARLAND proposal -- the most pea brained proposal of the century.  I must investigate if he was related to Feroz Gandhi.  A garland for Bharatmata to hang ?

This boy aint right !



Above: Only an enemy of India can suggest such a mindless GARLAND project.


CAPTAIN DASTUR SAAB JI ,  TODAY WE DONT NEED A BIRD'S EYE VIEW FROM A CORNY  AIRPLANE ANY MORE -- 

WE HAVE SOMETHING CALLED GOOGLE EARTH, WHICH GIVES ELEVATIONS OF TERRA FIRMA AND THE RIVER WATER SURFACE --

--AND EVEN A CHILD CAN SEE IT ON HIS MOBILE PHONE  .    

MY PET CAT CAN DRAW A BETTER GARLAND.



Above: Open sewer Chikungunya plan !

I would like my readers to read the post below, it is about power and inter connectivity — we live in an age , when if there is NO power and water,  the country becomes very vulnerable .

Punch into Google search-

POWER GRID FAILURE INDIA, APOCALYPSE NOW VADAKAYIL



At sea we are NOT allowed to pump ballast taken in one sea to discharge into another sea .  It is widely recognized that marine organisms can play havoc when transferred to an alien field. 

Ballast water discharge typically contains a variety of biological materials, including plants, animals, viruses, and bacteria. These materials often include non-native, nuisance, exotic species that can cause extensive ecological and economic damage to aquatic ecosystems, along with serious human health issues including death.


A form of cholera, Vibrio cholerae, previously reported only in Bangladesh apparently arrived via ballast water in Peru in 1991, killing more than 10,000 people over the following three years.



The zebra mussel, native to the Caspian and Black Seas arrived in Lake St. Clair in the ballast water of a transatlantic freighter in 1988 and within 10 years spread to all of the five neighbouring Great Lakes. The economic cost of this introduction has been estimated by the U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service at about $5 billion.



Airline captains will NOT know the contents of the post below.

Punch into Google search-

SEGREGATED BALLAST AND BALLAST EXCHANGE ON CHEMICAL TANKERS VADAKAYIL  .




The NCP has been decimated in the 2014 elections.

A callous remark made by the Dy CM of Maharshtra Ajit Pawar did NOT go too well with the people reeling under drought, and farmer suicides. The sugar lobby and the sugar barons of Maharashtra are responsible for farmers suicides.

Ajit Pawar smirked—that he can't be expected to urinate in the dam if there is no water in the dam.
Sugarcane requires too much water for cultivation.   The farmers are forces to take loans and dig borewells . The latest entrant digs a deeper borewell and the rest go dry, due to grounder water level lowering in the aquifer.

The sugar barons monopolise the ground water.



Droughts make for good business, moolah can be made faaast. . Private contractors supply water tankers and relief works in the form of digging more borewells . The state can ask for more and more money to tackle the droughts.

DROUGHT PRONE AREAS MUST NOT GROW SUGAR CANE. 

SORRY, YOU GREEDY SUGAR CANE BARONS OF MAHARASHTA  — THE PEOPLE KNOW WHO YOU ARE.

Mind you , it is NOT easy to survive in Maharashtra if you oppose sugarcane cultivation.



Mindless sugar production is the real reason so many farmers have committed suicide in Maharashtra, the reason given in the paid up media will be drought.

There is NO drought. The water level was depleted by mindless water extraction from the underground aquifer.



More than 81% of the sugar production in Maharashtra happens in drought-prone districts.  In these drought-prone areas, the average annual rainfall 700mm of rain whereas sugarcane crop needs 2100mm of rainfall.

Yet sugar cane is the most preferred crop in the drought prone areas. Why do farmers vote for these sugar baron families ?

Lakhs of people are migrating out of the affected areas deserting their cattle and fields to dry and die.  The reservoirs have depleted.   What has made this situation more macabre is that it is not a simple instance of lack of normal rainfall but the callous attitude , fu#k you attitude , and bad policies of the government. 



Everybody knows that sugarcane guzzles water.

There are other factors too. The mushrooming water fun and theme parks that divert huge quantities of water for leisure and pleasure. Bribes  ( lobbying )  ensure these parks get enough water   


The rich man wants to play golf. These golf courses lower the ground water level. As of now, the state has 22 golf courses, with more in the pipeline.  

Water used for cultivating one acre of sugarcane can be used to cultivate 12 acres of food grains.   65% of sugar mills (sugarcane growth) is located in the drought-prone areas.  But with Maharashtra politics controlled by sugar barons nothing will change—let the poor farmers die—who cares ?

Maharashtra has spent huge sums of money on small and local irrigation projects. But with zilch. The money has gone into the pockets of various sections of the society and the fields remain dry as ever.  


Mind you,  most of this sugarcane juice is NOT being consumed as food.  But is sold at premium rates as additives in petrol for cars, to make it GREEN FUEL or premium biofuel .   



A lot of cane juice goes into making RUM liquor , as an intoxicant .




Why is the Govt allowing this, when farmers are deserting their fields and taking up jobs in Mumbai as private security and watchmen?




When the Ganga is water deficit according to the controversial Indo-Bangladesh water treaty,  how can it be  shown as water surplus in the new plan ?

Pray ?

Prithee ?

HULLO?

Are these floods in the Ganges , or wherever , regular by any stretch of imagination that it can be routed to deficit areas like clockwork ?

How dumb could we get ?

6000 YEARS AGO,  A TECTONIC SHIFT BLOCKED THE MOUTH OF THE SARASWATI RIVER— AND AN ENTIRE CIVILIZATION HAD TO MIGRATE TO OTHER LANDS.   

TODAY WE ARE ARGUING ABOUT SUCH A RIVER .



THIS INTERLINKING WILL DO EVEN WORSE, AS IT IS DELIBERATE HUMAN SABOTAGE. .

Punch into Google search-
MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS, SARASWATI 9000 BC  VADAKAYIL

Obviously Justice B N Kripal , who had given the river interlinking order on Oct 31, 2002, with a ridiculous deadline of 2012, to boot , did so a couple of days before he retired as a Judge of the Supreme Court  , he probably wanted to engrave his name in the history books of India , in shining letters  of gold.

Wanna know what Capt Ajit Vadakayil thinks?

He thinks that this man should be punished for judicial over reach.

We have many such corny judgements –  let me recall about a Indian judge who told about “milk of compassion“ and Sigmund Freud , which made NO sense.  The only sense was that tried to pass himself as erudite.



Above : Must digress a bit--
Is this psychoanalyst Sigmund Freud an intellectual by any stretch of the imagination ?  He wrote volumes about ego without an effin' clue.  He must know that only meditation can help him discover something beyond  mind.  It is impossible to dip out of Vedic philosophy otherwise, the way he did . 

The western psychoanalyst is afraid of meeting an eastern sage , because shallow western philosophy , (other than what is lifted from the ancient Vedic thought and stitched together in a clumsy manner) , is based on shifting sands , and has no foundation.   

No Indian sage will ever commit suicide like western psychoanalysts. Hindu mysticism is not about only intellectual understanding and splitting hairs in a way nobody will understand , and hence ask no questions , but is based on transformation of the man himself.  The psychoanalyst is NOT even a teacher. He pretends to know everything about the mind, but the poor guy does not know how to change his own mind, leave alone the pupil's.

In Feb 2012, the chief Justice S H Kapadia renewed the FIAT , with a new deadline of 2016 –or it could be contempt of court, right?.    



He spAke that the Centre and the concerned state governments should participate for its "effective" implementation "in a time bound manner".  

HULLO?

Is the judiciary expected by our Indian constitution to  "approve" and "disapprove" government's projects with dead lines ?

Does the Indian constitution of even commonsense , expect a court to approve, object,  propose, suppose, anything--  other than to provide their opinion on the matter in hands based upon their knowledge and understanding of the law of land.   

The river interlinking idea got a great boost when  President Abdul Kalam mentions the need for river linking in his independence day speech  of 2002..

Let me dissect this dispassionately.

Abdul Kalam is a hero of India—  he was my No 1 hero too,  till Narendra Modi came long , which pushed him to a close No 2.

Abdul Kalam is an Muslim who is INDIAN FIRST .    

He is a great patriot , who raised the level of the President’s chair to dizzying heights ( promptly brought down below chart datum by the next woman president installed by W ).

But in this case Abdul Kalam has sub-consciously and inadvertently allowed the fact that his home state of Tamil Nadu  (the most deficient state of India , when it comes to river water)  , affect his sound judgment. 



River interlinking is NOT something that a Govt cando HUSH HUSH.   Total transparency is required in this internet age, as the people are stakeholders.

Digging canals to create more tributaries of the main river or extending the tributaries or interconnecting the tributaries of the same river is NOT river interlinking.  This has been done in India successfully for a long time.


The problem is when you try to interlink two separate rivers – two separate entities , and make them one or merge them.  

This is when sh#t hits the fan.


The idea of interlinking rivers is appealing because it is so grand.  But this is a MAD plan which will kill India, I tell this as a desh bhakt  .  

Rivers are naturally formed water flow systems which has flown for thousands of years and  found  comfort and peace with itself .  Tampering with them will only kill them.

First of all it is so expensive that India has to take a loan from Rothschild controlled financial institutions.  All this when there are more pressing matters at hand , in nation building.

Upstream dams,  have killed rivers, leaving them looking like almost stagnant drainage canals with neither flow of water, nor the availability of new water.  The dam reservoir evaporates a lot of water . 

The downstream flow is unable to charge underground aquifers . Where the river meets the sea, there is SEVERE salt water intrusion, which kills all underground aquifers .

Saltwater intrusion is the movement of saline water into freshwater aquifers near the coast, which leads to contamination of drinking water sources .   Because saltwater has a higher mineral content than freshwater, it is denser and has a higher water pressure. As a result, saltwater can push inland beneath the freshwater.

Unchecked borewell extraction ( with FREE electricity given to farmers  )  have increased saltwater intrusion in many coastal areas.   Water extraction drops the level of fresh groundwater, reducing its water pressure and allowing saltwater to flow further inland.  

Cyclone caused and sea water surges make saltwater intrusion worse. Larger storms produce larger storm surges and this combined with a rise in sea level could result in much higher rates of coastal erosion which would in turn impact on the levels of saline intrusion.

The fresh groundwater flows from inland areas towards the coast where elevation and groundwater levels are lower. Because saltwater has a higher content of dissolved salts and minerals, it is denser than freshwater, causing it to have higher hydraulic head than freshwater. 



Hydraulic head refers to the liquid pressure exerted by a water column-  a water column with higher hydraulic head will move into a water column with lower hydraulic head, if the columns are connected.

The saltwater and freshwater meet in a transition zone where mixing occurs through dispersion and diffusion. Ordinarily the inland extent of the saltwater wedge is limited because fresh groundwater levels, or the height of the freshwater column, increases as land elevation gets higher.  

Drainage networks constructed to drain flat coastal areas can lead to intrusion by lowering the freshwater table, reducing the water pressure exerted by the freshwater column.



The change of hydraulic properties by the saltwater intrusion. A mixture of saltwater and freshwater is often undersaturated with respect to calcium, triggering dissolution of calcium in the mixing zone and changing hydraulic properties.

The process known as cation exchange, which slows the advance of a saltwater intrusion and also slows the retreat of a saltwater intrusion. When groundwater levels in aquifers are depleted faster than they can recharge.  This is directly related to the position of the interface and determines the amount of saltwater that can intrude into the freshwater aquifer system.

Since saltwater intrusion is directly related to the recharge rate of the groundwater, this allows for other factors that may contribute to the encroachment of seawater into the freshwater aquifers.



It is important to stop pumping from a  saline bore well , until the natural recharge rate of the aquifer can force the saltwater freshwater interface back to its normal position. This process can take a long time and it reduces the freshwater availability of this region. 

Water quality has suffered immensely due to poor implementation of waste management laws, leading to large-scale pouring of effluents and sewage into rivers and water bodies.

Without interlinking rivers , indiscriminate construction of canals and drainage networks can lead to saltwater intrusion at the coastal areas.  People at the Indian coast have NO problems understanding what I write here.

Water must never be used to score political brownie points.  Ministers lay the foundation stone , and they want their names to be remembered for posterity . So they arm twist all and sundry to get the project completed—all for selfish reasons.

Some amount of river water MUST flow to the sea. The brackish water at the river mouth sustains a large quantity of marine organisms and fish.

Reducing the flow of river downstream of a dam , or by diversion via canals will increase the concentration of pollutants in the river.  Many marine species has become extinct.



In 1972 the then Minister for Irrigation K. L. Rao proposed a 2700 kilometer long canal link between the Ganges and Kaveri rivers.

My idea of a holiday used to be as follows.  Go with my family to some peaceful part of Kaveri river, where pristine water flows fast among rocks-  just lie down an relax. 

Mind you the Kaveri water looks like plain soda water.  When I in Karnataka I prefer to drink Kaveri water , rather than Aquafina or Kinley or whatever mineral water , the taste is different. 

Now imagine you put some muddy Ganges water into it by river interlinking . There goes my glass of water and my nice holiday— who wants to lie down in muddy water!



What India needs is NOT interlinking Indian rivers.  We must develop skills in recharging ground water aquifers .  We have to develop skills in rainwater harvesting and divert this water into underground aquifers .

Punch into Google search-
VANISHING LAKES

And you will find my post in page 1 among 1.3 million posts.   This post is invaluable—and the contents must be in the NCERT school books.



Like I said before -- building a dam to hold water is a STUPID way.  The enormous water body ( artificial lake ) causes massive loss of water due to evaporation.    The bright thing to do is to store the water underground. This underground bank of water ( where there is NO evaporation or flow to the sea ) is called an AQUIFER.

The whole crisis of water management today is due to total neglect of water harvesting and recharging aquifers . We must do it in another 10 years , or India’s dream to be a superpower will be just an elusive mirage .

River inter linking is based on the mindless theory that the excess water in some rivers in spate during the monsoon can be diverted to other rivers.  This way, everyone will have enough water, and all can live happily ever after . TEE HEEEE !

Let me ask a retard , or a dimwit— 

“ Imagine a long river like Ganges.  Will it ever flood all along the river banks from source to sea ?”

PPPBRRRRRR !

There – even the dimwit knows the answer !!.

Even the dimwit will smirk if you suggest to him that  once all rivers are interlinked like Capt Dastur’s DHANSAK—nay—GARLAND,  there will be equal water in all rivers  ( like how BR Ambedkar wants all to be equal-- so let us have ALL captains on a ship.)

Knowing Indians , by interlinking rivers we create the ideal scenario for WATER WARS between linguistic states and endless squabbling.  This is what big brother wants to see.   

Already Seemandhra has been deprived of water.  Telengana will squeeze the Seemandra balls, and there will be salt water coastal intrusion. They have created deep rooted enmity between Telugu speaking brothers — all because the Italian Queen Bee wanted votes and win the 2014 elections.

 River interlinking will NOT solve India’s water problems, it will create irreversible problems.  It will be a Himalayan waste in terms of money spent and also in social and environmental terms.

Creating new canals would need large areas of land resulting large scale deforestation and human evacuation / rehabilitation .


And this MAD theory of lifting the water upwards , crossing the Vindhyas and the Deccan Plateau  —what an effin’ joke.

The MAD dream that water will be taken from regions with floods to regions with drought does not hold—it does NOT work that way, if you an iota of perception.  How many of these jokers heard of high water and low water ( by tides ) in the river deltas ?  

Let us NOT mix nationalism into the Indian rivers. Rivers are NOT drains to the sea, they support a whole ecosystem.

The river linking project will allow corrupt corporations to usurp water rights and power from the people.

Why has the govt of India allowed all and sundry to HELP THEMSELVES to water stores in underwater aquifers by bore wells, to play golf , water their lawns and gardens   ? 

Does the Govt know that declining water tables can cause evacuation of huge cities ?   

Why do we allow the judiciary to direct the executive to take up critical projects like interlinking rivers , which will permanently scar Bharatmata ? Are there NO intellectuals in India?

Sorry, the moth eaten faces you see on prime time of our foreign funded TV channels ( crying for gay marriages etc ) are NOT intellectuals . They are sold out souls , who cannot pass a simple IQ test. 


The Supreme Court order asks the government to implement the interlinking of rivers, when more than half these projects have NO feasibility report.  Here too the feasibility studies are so poor that there is NIL transparency.  Most of these schemes do NOT have a  detailed project report or environment clearance or any other statutory clearances.

Hullo ? Are the people affected NOT supposed to know how we will equalize blood pressure by connecting the arteries to the veins ?  Ever heard of natural desilting of rivers which has gone on since hoary antiquity? 

Do dams allow silt to cross its walls ? Every time a dam fills up too high due to heavy rains, they open the sluice gates HUSH HUSH without warning and this causes loss of life and property down stream . 

What happened at Kedarnath?

Dams block marine life from flowing down sream. Large dams  reduce groundwater recharge due to destruction of downstream river to a trickle thus unable to charge the underground aquifers.  There is mindless damage to wetlands and local water systems.

There is one such RAPE of the environment going on in Kerala right now.

Punch into Google search-
ARANMULA AIRPORT KERALA , MINDLESS RAPE OF PRISTINE ENVIRONMENT  VADAKAYIL

Some of the river interlinking schemes affect the water resources of neighboring countries like  Bhutan, Nepal and Bangladesh, and this is ill advised.  The Supreme court do NOT have  jurisdiction beyond the Indian boundary.  In India's constitution, water is essentially a state subject.

Most major rivers have an UNDER GROUND component unknown to the people and the government. 

This underground component recharges the aquifers on either sides of the banks, --far away from the main river banks .  

So if you hold all the water in a dam upstream ( where water keeps evaporating ),  and the down stream past is just a trickle , the aquifers are deprived of the critical water charge , due to less hydrostatic pressure.

For example the Amazon river mouth has fresh water 200 miles into the salt laden sea .

The underground Saraswati river still flows.

It was a Malayali from Kerala by the name of Hamza who first told the world about the underground Amazon river in Aug 2011.  

Much before he told this, I had written in my post below.

Punch into Google search-

AMAZON NAVIGATION VADAKAYIL



Interlinking rivers destroys ground water recharging systems (to underground aquifers ) on massive scale,  directly and indirectly.   

It will endanger the water lifeline of Bharatmata forever. 

It requires perception to understand what I say—they don’t teach you this in the colleges..

THE ENTIRE RIVER DOWNSTREAM OF A DAM DOES NOT FLOW TO THE SEA.   

ONLY WHATEVER IS BALANCE AFTER RECHARGING THE UNDERGROUND AQUIFERS FLOW TO THE SEA--  SOME OF THEM HUNDREDS OF MILES AWAY FROM THE RIVER BANKS .  



Above:  Make sure mistakes are NOT irreversible - India is a holy land as our ancient maharishis gave us procedures , which the rationalists and evangelists who do soul harvesting, call superstition.


Above : So what, I will rectify my mistake , next year !!
No elected government has the mandate to make mistakes which concerns the survival of India , and that too  IRREVERSIBLE

SOME LAKES HUNDREDS OF MILES FROM THE RIVER DERIVE WATER FROM SUCH AQUIFERS.    

THERE ARE TEMPLE TANKS IN WATERLESS TAMILNADU WHOSE AQUIFERS RUN ALL THE WAY TO KERALA ,  HUNDREDS OF MILES AWAY.

The protagonists of river interlinking have  has been jumping up and down like orangutans crying , if China can build thousands of dams, why cant we.

China is NOT submerging precious virgin forests full of flora and fauna.  

Today an Indian is respected all over the world for his brains and DNA programming.  The simple reason is that we OBSERVED wild life, which we had in plenty.  

We derived wisdom.

People do NOT understand the meaning of wisdom.

Couple of years ago, I negotiated the biggest super tyhoon using Panchatantra , deep jungle wisdom.

I told my bosses in Britain to FUCK OFF !  

I told them , -- time has come to use old Indian jungle wisdom.

Punch into Google search-
SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM  VADAKAYIL

Whaaa old jungle wisdom ?

Yes! 

Old jungle wisdom.!!

Punch into Google search-
SUPER PANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL

Only a moron of the of the first order ,  will say that fresh water from a river which flows into the sea , is a waste.  This coastal freshwater barrier is what prevents salt water intrusion into coastal aquifers.

Mind you if NOT checked saline water will keep invading inland—as people in Tamil Nadu will tell you.   

Geologists and ecologists must know that such river water flow to the sea is imperative to reduce salinity of oceans around the coast ,  to sustain estuaries and coastal habitats.

One of the most important jobs in India is to map all the aquifers in India. Like I told you, the aquifer ( ice age ) which Muhammad Gaddafi tapped into contains more than 200 years of full Nile water flow .

All these MAD claims of drought proofing, flood proofing and dilution of pollution through inter linking rivers argued by proponents are a LIE. 

Either they are liars or ignorant.  We cannot have such proponents sitting in judgement,  of  linking jobs they have already completed  .

Their arguments are puerile.  See one area AAA has flood and another area BBB has drought. So will will put excess water from AAA to BBB . 

IDHAR KA MAAL UDHAR .

Oh boy—if only things were so simple.  After 40 years at sea , I know the might of water.  People at Kedarnath know a little about it too.

The idea of interlinking rivers is very appealing because it is so fu#kin' grand .

IT APPEALS  TO THE MINDS OF THE SIMPLE ILLITERATE PEOPLE , WHO GO IN TO VOTE.


The sickest joke of the century is the claim that  linking rivers control will control pollution –rather the opposite is true..



Above: TamilaNadu must worry about their own Indian farmers, than some alien Tamils in Sri Lanka.


Why is Tamilnadu fighting with Karnataka over Cauvery river water.  They have killed all their rivers.  During the 1987 drought in Tamil Nadu the catchment areas did not receive any water, and there were only 3 weeks of good rain during the whole year . The ground water level fell steeply, up to 12 meters. With NIL legislation the farmers overexploited ground water .

Tami Nadu has planted coconut trees  trying to outdo Kerala.  But darlings, Kerala has got abundant water.  Crops which consume high amount of water like coconuts should not be grown in large numbers in places like Western Tamil Nadu where water is scarce and you have to water the trees using borewells .  



Coconut absorbs a huge amount of water.   Sugarcane, which is also water intensive, BUT farmers have the option of avoiding it in a drought year.  Coconut trees on the other hand, have a life span of several decades, which exhausts ground water resources.   Today’s  coconut plantations in Tamil Nadu are tomorrow's graveyards of agriculture.

Many civilizations on this planet were wiped out due to water resources mismanagement or natural calamities. Saraswati civilization was wiped out in 4000 BC, because of a tectonic shift blocking the river mouth at the Himalayan glacier .

Water borne diseases have affected India in the past, but our rivers were insulated against each other .  Our civilization in India existed for this same reason along river banks-such was the wisdom of our ancient maharishis.

India is blessed by mighty rivers and vast lakes . The modern man killed most of the lakes, aquifers and lakes.  We had beggars dressed as kings ruling us, and hence this sorry state today.

Morons want to treat rivers like electricity grid lines or railway tracks-- to shunt one wagon to another railway line.  Who are our politicians. We live in an age where the last refuge of a scoundrel is in politics.  Most of these people serving as MP and MLAs , we all know what they are worth.  

Today you see AAP under AK-49 doing endless rabble rousing. Most of these rabble rousers are hoping to get thrown into jail and thus get noticed by AK-49,  and hence grab a MP seat in the parliament.  

We know of a defence minister whose claim to fame was the Baroda dynamite case.  Let me quote Wikipedia QUOTE-- US diplomatic cables showed that he was "prepared to accept money from the CIA” --UNQUOTE .   Since this man is sick I shall open my mouth no further.


By interlinking rivers, we are unable to insulate and quarantine local problems.  We transport aquatic life to alien fields where there will be a struggle to survive .  These species have been inherent in the water since time began. Now they will perish just because of a court order .

A river has its own  ecosystem. The river floods the banks often and in the process the the humous floodplains get refurbished each year with fertile silt.  

These were the breadbasket regions of India , till the GREEN revolution introduced artificial fertilizer chemicals which made the soil endlessly thirty . Who has allowed people to make homes in such vulnerable areas ( for vote banks ) , and get displaced ?

Again, most of our major rivers are blessed with an underwater component – a parallel river underground , with may NOT run exactly under the river or even nearby . This component recharges the aquifers.

IT TAKES A REAL IDIOT –NAY— A DRIPPING CHOOT ,  TO DECLARE THAT ALL THE WATER IN THE GANGES RIVER IS MELTED SNOW.


Ganges river draws water from the aquifer and gives water to the aquifer , in a give and take manner. By building dams and reducing the flow to a trickle , you are playing around with these underground aquifers . Why do you think most of India’s lakes and minor rivers have vanished ?



Artificial fertilizers pollute the aquifers. Why do you think Singapore has to import water from Malaysia.  In their haste to attract tourism, they planted Singapore grass and plants all over .  



The toxic chemicals in the artificial fertilizers have poisoned the aquifers of Singapore.  You hardly see any soil when you drive around in Singapore—all you see is asphalt, grass, cement and tiles .

With no rivers or lakes or aquifers to tap for potable fresh water, Singapore's only indigenous source of water is rainfall collected in its 14 reservoirs.



These idiots must also know that floods do not occur because of 'too much water'.  They are a direct result of too little aBsorption.

With adequate vegetation along the entire river, the 'wetness' seeps deep and far into the banks creating fertile floodplains on which we grow our food.  Billions of little wild creatures interact with the humous soil and the vegetation in moist conditions, making these flood plains fertile beds.

Synthetic fertilizer propagated by the GREEN revolution , has long-term consequences on environmental and human health.   Fertilizer nitrogen will be still present in the soil organic matter more than a quarter century after application.   

12% of the applied fertilizer leaked toward the water tables, thus contaminating drinking water.  The leaching continues for maybe another fifty years. Nitrogen contamination of aquatic ecosystems is a serious emerging environmental issue.  

Once the nitrate reaches these aquifers, the aquifers will remain contaminated for several decades, even if there is a substantial reduction in the nitrate loading of the surface.



Soil contamination can occur when pesticides persist and accumulate in soils, which can alter microbial processes, increase plant uptake of the chemical, and also cause toxicity to soil organisms. Pesticides accumulate in animals that eat contaminated pests and soil organisms.  

Pesticides can be more harmful to beneficial insects, such as pollinators, and to natural enemies of pests (i.e. insects that prey on or parasitize pests) than they are to the target pests themselves.

Pesticide leaching occurs when pesticides mix with water and move through the soil, ultimately contaminating groundwater. The amount of leaching is correlated with particular soil and pesticide characteristics and the degree of rainfall and irrigation.

Some of the major inputs of heavy metals (e.g. lead, cadmium, arsenic, mercury) into agricultural systems are modern artificial fertilizers.  A pesticide may be a chemical substance, biological agent (such as a virus or bacteria), antimicrobial, disinfectant or device used against any pest.

Why do you think the youth of Punjab gone crazy with drugs?


Nitrates in water has contributed to Alzheimer’s disease , thyroid problems and diabetes.  Hypothyroid mother have created a generation of DAFT ( akkal ka dushman )  babies.  Nitrate is best known for her effects on infants who are exposed through drinking water and breast milk.





At high levels, nitrates can poison humans, particularly children. Lower levels of nitrates can also be deadly to amphibians. Certain forms of nitrogen are released as gases, contributing to acid rain and climate change. Rainwater runoff brings fertilizers into streams, rivers, lakes and oceans.

Absorbed nitrite is rapidly oxidized to nitrate in the blood. Nitrite in the bloodstream is involved in the oxidation of haemoglobin (Hb) to methaemoglobin (metHb): the Fe2+ present in the haem group is oxidized to its Fe3+ form, and the remaining nitrite binds firmly to this oxidized haem. The Fe3+ form does not allow oxygen transport, owing to the strong binding of oxygen. Nitrite is mutagenic. It causes morphological transformations in in vitro systems.

Chronic exposure to chromium, lead and other metals, petroleum, solvents, and many pesticide and herbicide formulations can be carcinogenic, can cause congenital disorders, or can cause other chronic health conditions.

Contaminated or polluted soil directly affects human health through direct contact with soil or via inhalation of soil contaminants which have vaporized; potentially greater threats are posed by the infiltration of soil contamination into groundwater aquifers used for human consumption, sometimes in areas apparently far removed from any apparent source of above ground contamination.

Contaminants typically alter plant metabolism, often causing a reduction in crop yields. This has a secondary effect upon soil conservation, since the languishing crops cannot shield the Earth's soil from erosion. Some of these chemical contaminants have long half-lives and in other cases derivative chemicals are formed from decay of primary soil contaminants.




Application of nitrogen fertilizers compromises future food production by degrading soil fertility, and compromises the health of the farmers and their families by polluting the drinking water they depend on. 

 Sampling done in several districts of  Punjab shows that 25 percent of all sampled wells have nitrate levels above the safety limit of 50 mg of - nitrate per litre established by the World Health Organisation (WHO).




Our jokers  think that a canal with waterproof lining can replace the living earth.   

Nature is blocked from doing its job in microbial biodegradation of toxins and pollutants .   Biodegradation, sorption, and diffusion occur simultaneously and are tightly coupled.   

Biodegradation is the dissolution of toxic materials by bacteria or other biological means-- the breakdown of material into the base components of carbon, hydrogen, and oxygen by microorganisms inherent in soil

All the canal can hold is NON-living  ( water without TAMAS RAJAS SATTWA effect ) stinking water , which is dangerous for humans and the earth.  Indian temple tanks have soil at the bottom.



An entire army of microorganisms attacks the material to be broken down and the army differs according to the environment (the specific temperature, moisture content, pH, supply of oxygen, etc.) where biodegradation occurs.

Pesticides reaching to the soil are acted upon by several physical, chemical, and biological forces. Many soil microorganisms have the ability to act upon pesticides and convert them into simpler non-toxic compounds. 



This process of degradation of pesticides and conversion into non-toxic compounds by microorganisms is known as “biodegradation”—a term grossly misunderstood.

Studies in Punjab has revealed heptachlor, beta-endosulphan and chlorpyrifos pesticides in concentrations exceeding the maximum residue limit in samples of ground and canal water used for drinking, the pesticides were also detected in fodder, vegetables, blood, bovine and human milk samples, indicating that these have entered the food chain due to the use of agricultural run-off and irrigation of field with drain water.  

With increasing poisoning of the soil, the region once hailed as the home to the Green Revolution, now due to excessive use of chemical fertilizer, is being termed the "Other Bhopal", and "even credit-takers of the GREEN Revolution have begun to admit they had been wrong,  now that they see wastelands and lives lost to farmer suicides in this "granary of India".

Once the MAD project is completed , to keep it running we need a budget .  This money will go into the pockets of private parties, corrupt officials and contractors . It is impossible to keep track if the thousands of crores sanctioned will do any good.   

This is why we need to give water systems back to grassroots -- back into the hands of local people who will do micromanagement .  This is the meaning of rain water harvesting and recharging local aquifers.

How easily Capt Dinshaw J Dastur joined our rivers on paper -  over brandy and cigaaa --  oops!—dhansak .
A minimal flow of water down the rivers is necessary to avoid silting and algal choking and decimation of the aquatic species..  Mindless tampering with nature has always resulted in sudden  adversity .   

A river is a living entity which has found its own equilibrium to sustain itself over millions of years – once you disturb this harmonious equilibrium the damage is irreversible. Do NOT mess around with the Indian rivers and the aquifers they sustain.  An election win is NOT a mandate to do this.

Every river has an ecological function right from the source to the delta.  The interlinking of rivers will disrupt rivers from performing their ecological functions before and after the river water reaches the ocean.  Imagine you have 20 buckets of clean water . 

Few spoons of dirty toxic water is enough to spoil the good water in all the 20 buckets and render them unfit for use.  So, so-- here is a grandiose INTERLINKING scheme of having a large tank where the contents of all 20 buckets will be put along with the few spoons . Even a retard can understand the lack of wisdom in this . 

Wanna know the difference between a retard and a chootiya ?

A gold medallist scientist had a car tyre puncture.

While changing the tyre the 4 nuts fell into the street sewer drain -- through the grills.  He was at a total loss what to do next .

Pretty soon a bunch of people came to ask him what the problem is.

On hearing the problem -- they consulted each other and offered a solution.

Remove one nut from all the other 3 tyres and use it for the spare tyre to be fixed.

Continue the journey and get 4 nuts at the nearest city.

The scientist did what they suggested.

Then he wanted to know who they are.

On knowing that they are mad people from the nearby mental asylum taking an evening walk, he was surprised.

He cried:  “You guys should NOT be in the mental asylum at all , there is nothing wrong with you ” .

One of the men told him:

" Sir, we may be mad--  but we are not CH00TS. "

Every marine organism develops immunity to its own original habitat  as it has been there for thousands of years . They will flounder if transported in an alien habitat—even a very small difference in pH or temperature will decimate them.

The floodwaters that devastate one of the most fertile parts of the country year after year, in the northern part of the state of Bihar, take months to drain out because the natural slope of the region has been altered by ill-planned construction of irrigation canals.  Today, in most of the region, canals and rivers actually flow above the level of the surrounding land, so that the water has nowhere to go when the canals and rivers overflow.

We now have our own satellites , we have time to do a proper study WITHOUT involving lawyers,  judges, vote bank politics , and people who do NOT have a stake .

Heroes like Abdul Kalam , who have won the peoples’ implicit trust ( including mine ) , must weigh their word  VERY VERY VERY carefully,  when it comes to such irreversible damage projects .  

I am NOT too happy while penning this post.  

But truth must be told.   

My loyalties lie to bharatmata alone--NOT to any human being.

Farmers in drought prone areas must be monitored. Just because they get free electricity for their borewells , it does NOT mean that they must over irrigate and waste the water.   

Farmers growing sugarcane and using more than a fixed number of units must be made to pay the ENTIRE electric charges—give them some leeway— this cannot be a military rule.

The water authority must be educated about salt water intrusion inland at the coast. If more and more well become saline somebody must be held responsible. People who have bought swank flats in Chennai,and now are getting saline water in their kitchen via the municipal tap water will agree with me.

And one more thing—

Floods may come in without announcement.

Can drought and famine ever come in unannounced ?   Why do we have a government?  

Has famine ever come in quietly ?  

Is famine an unwelcome relative coming to stay in your house for a month ?



Yes—since history repeats itself—famine did come in quietly thanks to Winston Churchill who has a Rothschild mother. And Amartya Sen with a Rothschild wife is still reaping the benefits of whitewashing Churchill.

Punch into Google search-


AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL



The govt must never allow coastal aquifers to be over pumped as what happened in Chennai.  Coastal borewells must not be very deep.  The moment saline water pops up out of a coastal borewell, the govt must seal it.  Salt water intrusion will contaminate the aquifers and even clog them.

In coastal drought prone areas, water must be conserved by compulsory ORGANIC farming.  Organic farming increases humus, which can hold more than 90 per cent of its weight in water like a sponge.  Organic soils become a water reservoir, in contrast to chemically farmed soil which demand intensive irrigation and have no water holding capacity.

I cant believe that it requires a ship captain to tell all this. 

What a fu#kin’ disgrace !

"When Vajpayee was Prime Minister, the river linking scheme was framed so that no farmer would remain devoid of water for his fields and no area would suffer drought," Advani said, while dedicating the Narmada-Kshipra river linking scheme at Ujjaini village near Indore.

LK Advani  said that by linking Narmada with Kshipra in just 14 months, Madhya Pradesh Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had done a commendable job.  "By linking these two rivers, Chouhan has fulfilled Vajpayee's dream,"

Do power hungry politicians dreams take preponderance over Bharatmata’s  permanent disfigurement and loss of health?

LK Adavani  also mentioned two pet visions of the BJP— interlinking of rivers, and recovering unaccounted money stashed away in bank accounts abroad.

Recover black money by all means , be our guest  -

but HULLO !

Let saner counsel prevail over river interlinking—and the mad rush to put Bharatmata on a permanent dialysis machine .

Water is essentially a state matter.  The Kerala govt has widely told NYET to all the manipulations of Tamil Nadu governments to divert Kerala’s water to Tamil Nadu.   Kerala's rivers are part of unique, sensitive ecosystems,  which would be disturbed by the river-linking project.

Do the proponents , arresting the natural flow of Ganges rivers to the sea, spells the doom of mangroves in the Delta region of West Bengal and Bangladesh and some of the richest fisheries could be lost forever. 



Do the people of India know what is happening ? Is this Hindu superstition ?



WHOM SHOULD WE CONGRATULATE ?

The Maneri Dam is a concrete gravity dam on the Bhagirathi River located at Maneri, 8.5 km east of Uttarkashi in Uttarkashi district, Uttarakhand, India.   

  


The primary purpose of the dam is to divert water into a tunnel which feeds the 90 MW run-of-the-river Tiloth Power Plant.



Check out the condition of the river downstream of  the dam.  In ancient Hindu culture, the Bhagirathi is considered the source stream of the Ganges.



Today, pristine and peaceful Himalayan villages on the banks of Ganga and its tributaries are water starved because most springs have dried up on account of mindless blasting and bumper to bumper dams being built on the river.  


Farm animals are dying, fields are being abandoned and people perforce depend on filthy water supplied in dirty drums through tankers for their drinking water needs.



Farmers have abandoned agriculture and migrated to cities to be petty shopkeepers and building watchmen. Most of the time environmental clearance has NOT been sought for projects, and even if it has been cleared there has been NIL transparency.





Above: Whose MAD idea is all this? 




When there is flood in the rivers, the water is surcharged with silt. We all know this.  Where will this silt go when it is diverted by canals ?  

Below: This type of desilting destroys the impermeable bottom layer. 



This silt clogs the canals reducing the flow making it less efficient, necessitating heavy recurring expenditure to dredge the canals.




Rothschild remote controlled world bank / IMF is waiting for India to take an enormous loan ( aank mein surma lagaake ) so that they can put India in a debt trap forever.

Surma samjh kar ghair ko aankhon mein di jagah.
Ansu samjh kar aankh say mujh ko gira dia

WAH WAH WAH --KYA BAATH HAI !

dhoti phaadke rumal bana diya!
OOPS ! 

Galti ho gaya bhai -


rumal jhodke dhoti bana diya !

As soon as the interlinking is completed , water resources in India is as good as PRIVATISED.

THIS INTERLINKING OF RIVERS IS AN IMMORAL CONSPIRACY TO PRIVATISE  INDIA'S WATER RESOURCES.

The control of water by private companies takes away the resource from the public and puts it in private control.   Water privatization has been recommended by the Indian Government’s national water policy (National Water, 2002) to address the issue of water scarcity.  

In its article 13 titled, “Private sector participation” the policy says that “private sector participation should be encouraged in planning, development and management of water resources projects for diverse uses, wherever feasible”.

HULLO ?!!?

The national water policy which encourages  interlinking of rivers to improve water availability in water scarce areas (interlinking,  2005)--  the proposed river linking scheme has water privatization at its heart of funding, which will further isolate the water source and responsible water management from local communities.

Once the goverrnment agency hands over the water systems to a private enterprise, it becomes extremely difficult and prohibitively expensive to reverse the decision.

Corporations in search of profits can compromise on water quality in order to reduce costs.  This is especially true in country such as India, where the water quality regulatory boards do not have the teeth to enforce their standards and authorities are corrupt .

Water is synonymous with life.  Water corporation through world bodies such as the World Bank and IMF, are influencing national governments to push privatization and commoditization of water as ‘the chosen’ alternative to manage the growth in water consumption and the severe water scarcity.

All over the world, alternate models such as rain water harvesting, check dam and bund building, holistic watershed management, integrate river basin management and irrigation efficiency improvement have been demonstrated as low cost successful alternative to privatization.

I wonder who gave the idea to Atal Bihari Vjapayee, when he spoke “ the river interlinking scheme will free India from the curse of floods and droughts".

The MAD Sethusamudram canal project , so dea to the waitress , was the brainwave of a peabrained Bihari second Mate of SCI ( worse than Dhansak—nay-- Dastur ) , in the magazine OCEANITE very long ago.

Punch into Google search-
SCRAP THE SETHUSAMUDRAM PROJECT, NOW VADAKAYIL



In fact as early as 1975, I used to point out the ADAM’S bridge on the British Admiralty charts and tell everybody who cared to listen, that it is the Sethusamudram bridge of Ramayana.

Now let me talk about the Supreme court FIAT ( diktat ).

There are certain mandatory procedures for taking up projects such as formulating feasibility reports, detailed project reports and environmental impact assessment. “Mandating that the project be expedited is in violation of these existing legal procedures”.

Once the dead line set by the Supreme court ( 2016 ) expires, Narendra Modi is in contempt of court.  

Hey, Modi has the peoples’ mandate -- never forget that . He shall NOT be rushed .

This will be one instance the Supreme court can be told to get off the high horse.  Doing this will  NOT augur well for Indian democracy, as the apex court must be respected at all costs .

SO I SUGGEST THAT THE CHIEF JUSTICE HIMSELF  CLARIFIES THAT INTERLINING INDIAN RIVERS IS NOT AN ORDER ,  BUT A GENTLE SUGGESTION .

At sea while entering post, the local pilot gives advise to the Captain , and the Captain gives the order. But in practice the pilot  gives the order and the Captain keeps silent.   Silence of the Captain means that he approves the pilot’s advise ( order ).



This principle has been used in the case of interlinking Indian rivers.

The Supreme Court while hearing this case, listened  a reference made to a speech made by the then president A P J Abdul Kalam who, among other things, called for a network of rivers to deal with floods and droughts.  

The Supreme Court directed that this be taken up as an independent writ petition.  A notice was issued in 2002 to all the states as respondents in the case.  

None of the states, barring Tamil Nadu ( the state has killed nay murdered all her rivers by reckless practices ),  filed an affidavit, supporting or opposing the project.   

The time was extended but no further affidavits were received.  This was taken as in-principle consensus amongst all states to go ahead with the project.  TEE HEEEE !

How strange!

Is this the way our constitution wants it ?

The eye must see and the nose must smell , always ! Nose must never try to see and then give reckless nay mindless orders 

Do you know what the judges said , as an excuse for telling the Govt to expedite the project ?

Hold your breath-

The judges said the project had been long delayed, resulting in an increase in its cost.

How many of you know why the costs of goods you buy , the costs of homes and your salaries keep increasing ?  This is called inflation, right?

How many of you know what is inflation?

Even great economists cannot figure this out.

But all this is because R economics is pseudo science!!

If you can understand  the BULLSHIT going on , you will never be the same again.

You will become another non-conformist like Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

Punch into google search-
THE MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION VADAKAYIL



India must NOT allow private vehicle owners to buy engine oil to do engine sump lub oil change.  They must check out the automobile workshops and service stations by getting inside information.  For they will put the waste oil into drains, and pollute the aquifers , streams and rivers.

Did anybody say that they burn this oil in the backyard—sorry, burning used lub oil causes Asthma , Rhinitis etc.

Punch into Google search-

AMERICAN POLLUTION VADAKAYIL




Water is lost by evaporation .  There are ways to use the land given away to canals ( a dead loss ) in a constructive manner.  This solar panel shielding has been done in Gujarat.   

It prevents evaporation and algae blooms . You cant overdo this , obviously the action of sunlight kills pathogens.



Like I said this blog site does NOT have a problem with canals being dug on the main river body and its tributaries  to furthen the reach of a river to irrigate arid areas – it had problems only with INTERLINKING livers.


Above: When people prosper religious divides are bridged.

Canals must be covered by CCTV cameras to prosecute people who dump plastics, garbage and non-biodegradables.



Plastics must be banned in critical areas, where water run in from rain can ingress the canal water. Plastic laden open sewers can transmit Malaria, Dengue fere , Chikungunya—and of course the regular water laden diseases.  Why are the responsible authorities of these areas NOT punished or even held accountable?



Above : When it comes to water resources , India needs MARTINET DICTATORSHIP --  all this "human rights " and " Indian democracy " does NOT work.

 

We need proper equipment and infrastructure for desilting and de-mucking canals

 

I DID NOT WANT TO WRITE WHAT FOLLOWS BELOW, AS THE MAN IS SICK. BUT TRUTH HAS TO BE TOLD.

It was Comrade George Fernandes ( with ulterior agenda ? ) who got River interlink project inducted into the Election manifesto of National Democratic Alliance .   

Let this NOT be forgotten  .  

Our Ex-defence minister’s mother was a great admirer of King George V (who was also born on 3 June).  

On 10 October 2006,  CBI registered a FIR against  Fernandes, and his PARTNER  Jaya Jaitley (since 1984 ) for alleged irregularities in purchasing the  US$120 million) Barak 1 system from Israel in 2000.   

Indira Gandhi had publicly called him an agent of CIA.  George’s wife held an US green card.



Let me quote Wikipedia QUOTE --US diplomatic cables showed that he was "prepared to accept money from the CIA" ( during the emergency ) --UNQUOTE 

Because fresh water is less dense than salt water it floats on top.  The boundary between salt water and fresh water is not distinct-- the zone of dispersion, transition zone, or salt-water interface is brackish with salt water and fresh water mixing.  Natural movement of fresh water towards the sea prevents salt water from entering freshwater coastal aquifers.

India is looking upto China as a role model . There are many thing China does NOT tell India or the world.


China has screwed herself up by building too many dams, causing less flow of river water to the sea— thus causing salt water intrusion into coastal aquifers and contaminating all of them ..   They do NOT want to talk out this.  Dams inhibit the transport of sediments required to prevent coastal erosion and salt seepage .

The reduction of freshwater flow into estuaries reduces their naturally high productivity and species diversity.  This occurs via declines in essential nutrient input, alterations to the salinity regime, and increasing the concentrations of toxic chemicals entering the system.

Reduced flows can also result in the "drying out" of wetlands and upstream salt water intrusion. The alteration of flood cycles and runoff patterns also affects those biological processes attuned to seasonal flow dynamics.

Dams constitute an important component in the overall degradation occurring in estuaries, deltas, and various nearshore environments.   

When the ground water along the coast of India is saline, what is the use of having such land?

The MAD MEN must realize this , sooner rather than later.




Just because we are stronger than Bangladesh , it does NOT mean we can sh#t on their faces.

India’s downstream neighbor Bangladesh is strongly against the river interlinking project , as reduced Ganges and Brahmaputra flow in the dry season means salt water intrusion into their coastal aquifers.  

As it is this country is very poor --dependent of her rivers to keep their noses above water.


It is BAD KARMA and our Hindu DHARMA does NOT permit it .  We are NOT Zionists !.



The supreme court is NOT empowered by the Indian constitution  to tell a lawfully elected Govt which project to expedite or keep on the back burner.  Only Tamil Nadu , who has mismanaged their water resources ,  has been jumping up and down to expedite the project, while the rest of the Indian states are MUM.  

Though other states did not file any affidavit in the Supreme Court, three of them – Assam, Sikkim and Kerala – have opposed it in public and declared that they will NOT do it. 

China is transporting water from the damp south to the arid north.   Water from the mighty Yangtse river will be transported to Beijing by canals and aqueducts 1300 kms long with more than booster 23 pumping stations.  



The canal is to be constructed so that water can flow all the way from the Danjiangkou Reservoir to Beijing by gravity, without the need for pumping stations


They are NOT interlinking rivers.  As of today they have spent 81 billion US dollars , making it one of the most expensive engineering project in the world. They are doing this just to give an ego massage to Mao Tse Tung’s dream, who in turn was prompted by R.



 3.3 lakh Chinese villagers are displaced—they were forced to sing : “she xiao jia, wei da jia,” (sacrificing the small family for the big family) TEE HEEEE!



I remember while I was in UKG  the Irish nuns used to make us clean up the classroom and the playground , singing this song:

Bits of paper
Bits of paper
Lying on the ground
Lying on the ground
Makes the place untidy
Makes the place untidy
Pick them up
Pick them up !

Boy, were we NOT excited !?



We used to run around collecting garbage , with so much gusto.   Only today we realize how they made asses out of us small innocent kids.

There can be NO life on earth without water. Yet it is amazing how little people know about water. You must know that I have written this post from a position of strength , and NOT as an ignoramus.

India is blessed with holy rivers.   

Only man can destroy our rivers.

Punch into Google search-

WATER VALLEY AND WALKING ON WATER VADAKAYIL

and


LIVING WATER  VADAKAYIL

Go to Google earth and watch all the major rovers of India.  An original river system is created with the joining of thousands of tiny tributaries, flowing through the entire landscape.. These very waters are released throughout the year into those tributaries as natural seepage or springs.  

Below : Kerala's pamba river 



Like I said only idiots think that Ganges is melted snow water.  Springs feed tributaries throughout the year. Natural vegetation  keeps the soil entirely intact and river beds running deep downriver, by minimizing siltation.



We can easily see in deforested landscapes across the country today, that when all this vegetation is cleared by man, the entire volume of rainwater simply flows away as it falls, pulling millions of tons of soil into the river beds creating massive siltation. This is what causes floods.



And because there has been no absorption, the river goes dry soon afterwards even with the most adequate rainfall in a given year.  All the water runs away and evaporates.



In Kerala too we have murdered the holy Pamba river thanks to mindless projects like Aranmula airport----



-- so that we make it easy for the white man to attend a once in a year Maranmon Christian Conference , to rival the Sabarimala Hindu pilgrimage .



Now let me quote Wikipedia QUOTE -On 12 February 2013, CPI leader Atul Anjan, besides CPI(M) leader M. M. Mani alleged that Syrian Christian Defence Minister A. K. Antony was favouring the project owing to the involvement of Robert Vadra.—UNQUOTE

Congress MP Christian minister P. J. Kurien claimed that there is strong support among local people for the airport. On 14 February 2013, Kerala chief minister Syrian Christian Oommen Chandy put his own shoulders of the wheel and claimed that the airport would be a significant addition to the infrastructure of the region.



Above: Aranmula ( river Pamba ) boat race .

Pamba river is the third longest river in Kerala and it has more than  288 tributaries.   The river is called Dakshina Ganga (Southern Ganges) due to its association with the world’s largest pilgrimage  ( 58 million Hindu pilgrims in 2014 –bigger than Kumbh mela )  Sabarimala, where Lord Ayyappa was found as a small child..

Below : River Pamba ( Aranmula ) boat race--  this is GOD'S OWN COUNTRY 



If you go to Sabarimala it is most dismaying to note that Pampa River has shrunk to a stream and is totally dry in many places. Nearby wells have also dried up and have been abandoned. These people have abandoned agriculture and gone to Dubai to work in petty construction jobs .

Below: Start of the race.



River Pamba is an integral component of ecological systems, and an inextricable part of the cultural, social, economical and spiritual lives of the people of Kerala.  This rivers drain out to the Vembanadu Lake through Kuttanadu which is the rice bowl of the State.



Salt water intrusion due to reduced flesh water flow to the lake will result in increased soil salinity which will ruin the productivity of the Kuttanad paddy growing areas, which in turn will result in desperate poverty since more than 65% of people of Kuttanad, depend on agriculture for their livelihoods.

The quality of water of the wetlands is important for the " Flora and Fauna" depending on it. The pollution level of the water sources in Kuttanad is alarmingly high.



Above :  Pamba boat race

Tamilnadu has successfully, diverted several west flowing streams originating from the western ghats. There are 44 rivers in Kerala, all but three originating in the Western Ghats,  41 of them flow westward and 3 eastward. 

Kerala will NOT play ball to Tamilnadu who has murdered all their rivers and wants to grow water intensive crops.  Kerala, a narrow coastal strip 650 km in length and 60-65 km wide, is nourished by this large network of living rivers.   Kerala, will NO longer be India’s Venice in another decade.



Above: Sabarimala, the place where Lord Ayyappa ( the 9th avatar of Vishnu ) was found as a baby.

Why has Sabarimala become the world’s No 1 pilgrimage spot ?  Is everybody stupid and superstitious ? For this you have to know quantum physics. 

SWAMIYE SHARANAMAYYAPPA - HARI HARA SUDANE SHARANAMAYYAPPA .

HARI ( VISHNU ) HARA ( SHIVA ) DOES NOT MEAN OFFSPRING OF HOMOSEXUAL UNION BETWEEN LORD SHIVA AND LORD VISHU AS TOLD BY NDTV, CNN-IBN AND EVEN TRIPLE SRI RAVISHANKAR ( BLASPHEMY OF THE MOST FOUL ORDER ) -- 

Below : the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu.



IT MEANS A GOD WORSHIPPED BY BOTH SHAIVITES AND VAISHNAVITES.   THE WHITE INVADER THRIVED   ( IN SOUL HARVESTING ) BY DRIVING A WEDGE BETWEEN SHAIVITES AND VASIHAVITES.



Why do you think all quantum physicists discarded their Bibles and took up Bhagawat Gita and wrote down in their wills that they want to be cremated NOT buried ?



Punch into Google search-

SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, THREE LIGHT FLASHES , VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT  VADAKAYIL




How many of you heard of the Indira Gandhi canal at Rajasthan ?  Canals so poorly constructed that 35% of the water is wasted?


Click on the link below:-- 

http://www.tehelka.com/tag/indira-gandhi-canal-project/


Above: Obviously there is a big difference between a FALTHU Indian canal ( money goes to private pockets ) and a grand Chinese canal.

No media has ever reported ever reported the fate of the residents of 30 villages on the banks of the Indira Canal who had to migrate as their meager agriculture lands were converted to barren alkaline tracts due to seepage from the canal.

While interlinking rivers , an assumption is made on scanty information— that  floodwaters can be channelized . It is NOT so easy as that .  When one river is in spate so is next river and transferring water would require huge storage facilities.   

Construction of large reservoirs has massive environmental impacts . Nobody wants to be transparent as to how all this will transpire.

In this modern age where weather modification is done by HAARP, it is NOT wise to play around the thr courses of rivers which have been flowing the same way for millenniums. There has been NIL transparency about the fate of people who will be displaced.

The few sentences that drove a megalomaniac project is under.
Independence Day speech delivered by President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam in 2002.   It went thus:
“…It is paradoxical to see floods in one part of the country while some other parts face drought. This drought-flood phenomenon is a recurring feature. The need of the hour is to have a water mission which will enable availability of water to the fields, villages, towns and industries throughout the year even while maintaining environmental purity. One major part of the water mission would be networking of our rivers. Technological and project management capabilities of our country can rise to the occasion and make this river networking a reality with long-term planning and proper investment.”

BEFORE EVEN CONSIDERING SUCH A MINDLESS PROJECT, THE INDIAN GOVT SHOULD HAVE FIRST MAPPED ALL THE MAJOR GROUND WATER AQUIFERS OF INDIA.  

INDIA’S WATER LIFE LINE IS GROUND WATER, WHEN THE MONSOONS FAIL.  EVERY NCERT SOCIAL STUDIES BOOK MUST HAVE CONTENTS FROM THE POST BELOW .

– I AM REPEATING .

Punch into Google search-

VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS VADAKAYIL.


Uma Bharati the new water resources cabinet Minister must know that this is more important that hasty prioritization, by rushing headlong into the Ganges out of religious fervor..



THE COASTAL AQUIFERS CONTAMINATED BY SALINE WATER INGRESS MUST BE RECHARGED AND FLUSHED OUT TO HOLD FRESH WATER .
Uma Bharati must know what the life cycle of fish in a river is sustained..  
She must know how it hurts India , when thousands of hectares of unique forest area is submerged by dams.

“You can't fu#k around with the environment and win” –  Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

This post is incomplete , till you read the following two posts.

Punch into Google search-

GANGA MANTHAN, CLEANING OF RIVER GANGES VADAKAYIL

and


VANISHING LAKES RAINWATER HARVESTING VADAKAYIL

Here is a 2400 year old quote from Chanakya : “ Brass is polished by ashes; copper is cleaned by tamarind; a woman, by her menses; and a river by its flow “.


SINCE THERE ARE MORE THAN 200 COMMENTS-- CLICK ON LOAD MORE , TO SEE BALANCE COMMENTS.








No Vedic Yagna is performed without the chanting of the Purusha Suktha , of Rig Veda 5000 BC..   

Wanna know who is Purusha?   It requires perception to understand this.

Punch into Google search-

SANKHYA PHILOSOPHY OF HINDUISM , EPISTEMOLOGY OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************
OF MICE AND MEN, BY JOHN STEINBECK - REVIEW -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Two days ago there was a move by Education Secretary Michael Gove of UK , to drop the American classic OF MICE AND MEN , written by John Steinbeck from the revised  GCSE English exam syllabus .

What a disgrace !

I read this book at the age of 11—and my school librarian teacher (  Kendriya Vidyalaya Calicut ) asked me if I am capable of understanding this book.

I told her “Piece of cake !”

This book made such a major impact on my mind — that I can even dare to say, that it re-programmed my DNA , when it came to supporting an underdog,  where gross injustice was done .. 

Two years ago we had a school reunion .   You can read about it-

Punch into Google search-

OLD ALUMNI MEET VADAKAYIL


General Certificate of Secondary Education (GCSE) is an academic qualification awarded in a specified subject,  generally taken in a number of subjects by students aged 14-16 in secondary education in England, Wales and Northern Ireland.

Of Mice and Men is a novel written by Nobel Prize-winning author John Steinbeck.   Published in 1937, it tells the story of George Milton and Lennie Small, two displaced migrant ranch workers, who move from place to place in search of new job opportunities during the Great Depression in California, United States.

They were kicking out this classic book , in favor of a stupid Shakespeare’s play.  

Probably the stiff upper lip of the Limey , took preponderance. 



“Of Mice and Men” has been a frequent target of censors for vulgarity and what some consider offensive and racist language. So what, the undiluted true depiction is what makes this book great.

Lennie Small is a mentally challenged but physically strong man who travels with George Milton , and is his constant companion.  He dreams of "living off the fatta' the lan'"  and being able to tend to rabbits.  

His love for soft things conspires against him-- he is unaware of his own great physical strength, and eventually , this becomes his undoing.  George Milton is quick-witted man who is dimwit Lennie's guardian and best friend.




And then much later in life I saw a Malayalam movie SOORYA MANASAM where Malayalam megastar Mammotty did the honours for Lennie , the retard.   

Instead of stroking soft rabbits like Lennie,  Mammotty talks often about his favourite dish PUTTU AND KADALA which he loves to eat.  

Below:  In the Malayalam movie George is substituted by Lennie's mother.



Below: A song from the movie.

 

Tharalitha raavil mayangiyo soorymanasam
Vcazhiyariyathe vithumbiyo megha nombaram
Ethu vimooka thalangalil jeevitha nouka itherumo
Doore doore yayen theera millayo
(tharalitha)
evide shyaama kanana rangam
evide thoovaluzhiyum swapnam
kilikalum pookalum nirayumen priya vanam

hridayum nirayu mardrathayil
parayu sneha kokilame
doore dooreyayen theeramillayo
(tharalitha)
unaru moha veenayil unaruu
swaramaay raga saurabhamaniyu
unarumee kaikaklil thazhukumen keliyil
karalil vidaru maashakalal
mozhiyuu sneha kokilame
doore dooreyayen theeramillayo
(tharalitha)

This is what the Malayalam script looks like-

തരളിതരാവില്‍ മയങ്ങിയോ
സൂര്യ മാനസം
വഴിയറിയാതെ വിതുമ്പിയോ
മേഘനൊമ്പരം
ഏതു വിമൂക തലങ്ങളില്‍
ജീവിതനൌകയിതേറുമോ
ദൂരെ..ദൂരെയായെന്‍ തീരമില്ലയോ
(തരളിതരാവില്‍ )
എവിടെ ശ്യാമ കാനന രംഗം
എവിടെ തൂവലുഴിയും സ്വപ്നം
കിളികളും പൂക്കളും
നിറയുമെന്‍ പ്രിയവനം
ഹൃദയം നിറയും ആര്‍ദ്രതയില്‍
പറയൂ സ്നേഹകോകിലമേ
ദൂരെ.....ദൂരെയായെന്‍ തീരമില്ലയോ
(തരളിതരാവില്‍ ‍)
ഉണരൂ മോഹവീണയിലുണരൂ
സ്വരമായ് രാഗസൗരഭമണിയൂ
പുണരുമീ കൈകളില്‍
തഴുകുമെന്‍ കേളിയില്‍
കരളില്‍ വിടരുമാശകളായ്
മൊഴിയൂ സ്നേഹകോകിലമേ
ദൂരെ...ദൂരെയായെന്‍ തീരമില്ലയോ

(തരളിതരാവില്‍ )

John Steinbeck lifted the title -- it is taken from Robert Burns' poem "To a Mouse", which read: "The best laid schemes o' mice an' men / Gang aft agley." (The best laid schemes of mice and men / Often go awry.)



STOP PRESS:

THE NEWS HAS POPPED OUT 30 MINUTES AGO—

The book "Of Mice and men" of John Steinbeck have been scrubbed from the syllabus for GCSE English literature exams,  and replaced by Meera Syal's  BULLSH#T  BOOK  “Anita and Me”.   

So she is being rewarded for Iran baiting –  she had written about the religious persecution of bahais in Iran.

"Anita and me"  revolves around Meena, a British Punjabi girl (herself), and her relationship with her English neighbour Anita as they grow up.   This near autobiography tells us how Meena (the  author ) refuses to be the chaste, obedient "good Punjabi girl" that her Indian relatives want.  In this book Anita, accuses Meena of being a lesbian.


You may wonder why I have said that withdrawing this book “ Of Mice and men “ is a mindless act.

Telling a child to watch a movie and then write a review is a great way to check out the child’s perception.

You can check out the capability of the child to get past the onion layers and arrive at the core.  Very few perceptive people can get to the core of a great classic .

It is NOT worth getting to the core of Meera Syal’s pedestrian book “Anita and me"

I have written two movie reviews myself.   

Let me see how many people on this planet can write a better review.

Punch into Google search-
PYAASA, HINDI MOVIE REVIEW OF 1957 VADAKAYIL

and

LIFE OF PI, MOVIE REVIEW BY A SEAFARER VADAKAYIL



You can read my review of the PHANTOM movie too.

Punch into Google search-

BILLY ZANE KILLED THE MAN WHO CANNOT DIE VADAKAYIL

You can check out the perception and WISDOM of a great celebrated high IQ, intellectual by narrating a simple story to him, and telling him to write the moral of the story- as many as he can.   

By the way we have these literary fests in Jaipur etc  where STUPID MORONS pretend to be great intellectuals .  If you record the proceedings and listen to what bullsh#t  comes out of their moth eaten faces, only then you will realize what I mean.



Let me put one of my posts about moral of a small story.   

Punch into Google search-
SUPER PANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL

Slimy Mani thinks you have to read Hamlet in the morning and have a tete e tete with Shashi Tharoor in the evening , to be an intellectual--- TEE HEEEE !    

This was when he created all that controversy when he ridiculed Hansraj College and Kirorimal College for NOT producing his type of intellectuals..



Above:  Probably our great self confessed intellectual Mani, can add a moral to Super Panchatantra , to save his own life ?

Before I launch into the story line, I must give a brief introduction of the main character , a dimwit named Lennie.

Lennie, in Steinbeck's scheme, is the  symbolic essence of the American worker,  the man who labors endlessly and asks for nothing because he never quite realizes all he's giving.

In Archie comics you must have read about the Moose- Dilton combo on the beach.  Well Lennie is Moose –sort of .   Moose is NOT a retard, Lennie is one.



Lennie Small, is a man of large stature and great strength but limited mental abilities— upar ka thalla bilkul khali hai , uska !

Below: They made a Hollywood movie-- Lennie the lumbering simpleton , is to the right .



George ( Senise ) is Lennie's ( Malkovitch ) protector, having promised Lennie's aunt he would take care of Lennie after she died.

Since Lennie is mentally challenged , George has got to walk him through every day life. George mistakenly believes that he can protect Lennie from himself because Lennie will do anything George says . 

Lennie is totally devoted to George like how a dog is devoted to its master,  and he tries his best to follow George's commands to the T.


There was this time when George told Lennie to jump into the river ,  and he did so without ado, and nearly lost his life.  Since that incident George,  though quick witted , was wary of what he could tell Lennie.

There is a black man named Crooks who is not allowed in the bunkhouse with the white ranch hands, an example of American racism in those days .  Crooks had to make himself comfortable  in the barn with the ranch animals.  Lennie has NO idea why Crooks sleeps in the barn.

But strangely Lennie always remembers his dream of co- owning his own farm with George . Lennie knows the words of the dream by heart,  and he can finish the sentences even though he does not remember where he and George are going tomorrow or figure out anything else on his own.  George's voice, echoing this dream, seems almost like a prayer.

He emphasizes that the dream makes them special; they are different from other wandering migrants who have no family and no home. They have each other, and some day they will have a farm of their own where they can "live off the fatta the lan'."

George never really believes in this farm, but Lennie embraces it with childlike enthusiasm. Every time he makes George tell their same story again and again , his enthusiasm ingnites the mind of George. Lennie's innocence keeps the dream alive. Without Lennie, George would be just like the other hands, wasting money on booze and whores , but with Lennie, George has a strong sense of responsibility.

Lennie's interpretation of this oft repeated dream is that he will get to tend them rabbits — soft, furry animals that will provide him with that feeling of security.  This farm is a place where he won't be scared or running, because he has "done a bad thing."  Lennie's voice fills with unbridled joy because safety means soft things and tending the rabbits.

Lennie's greatest feeling of security comes from petting soft things.  When the rest of the world gets complicated and scary, petting soft things somehow helps Lennie feel safe.   In petting dead mice, Lennie is doing something that makes him feel safe.  Society as a whole would disapprove of what he is doing,  but Lennie is NOT bright enough to see wrong in his actions.

When George says that Curley's wife seems like a "tramp," Lennie responds that he thinks she is "purty," causing George to warn Lennie to keep away from her. 

Despite being a dimwit , Lennie feels in his gut, the churning of a potent mix  , the menace coming from the mean bully Curley and the seductive temptation of his gorgeous wife. 

Lennie, who feels things instinctively, as an animal does, says, "I don't like this place, George. This ain't no good place. I wanna get out”.  See how well Steinbeck has fleshed out his characters .

While Lennie acts with great loyalty to George, he has no comprehension of the idea of "loyalty."  For that reason,  he often does not mean to do the things that get him into trouble, and once he does get into trouble , he has no conscience to define his actions in terms of guilt.  

Lennie only defines them in terms of consequences while lamenting : "George is gonna give me hell" or "Now George won't let me tend them rabbits.".

Sometimes Goerge gets pissed off with lennie.  When Lennie hears that they are going have beans for dinner, he wants  ketchup to go along , to which George responds that they do not have any.  At night, as George and Lennie are eating beans for dinner, Lennie keeps asking for ketchup. 

George gets hot under the collar and tells him that whatever they do not have is what Lennie always wants to have, and he is sick and tired of all this .  This leaves Lennie puzzled, as he does NOT remember their earlier conversation. 

But Lennie always remembers the farm they would own and the rabbits hopping around in the farm.

George eases  tensions by telling Lennie his favorite story , allowing Lennie to complete his sentences about their future farm .  Lennie would get terribly excited and implore  “And will there be rabbits, George?” 

“Yeah, Lennie. There'll be rabbits.” George would respond .  Their last conversation before George shoots Lennie on the back of his head , to save him from painful death in the hands of a mob , would be the same .

The book starts of with Lennie causing trouble because of his penchant to stroke soft things . When Lennie touched a girl's fluffy dress, the girl screamed.   Lennie got so scared that George had to hit him with a fence post to get him to let her go.  The girl hollered that she had been raped, and so Lennie and George hid in an irrigation ditch and slunk away at night.

Lennie somehow is able to differentiate the level of bad things he can do to make George angry. He knows that it is a bad thing , that he killed the soft pup by stoking too hard , and he knows that it is a  worse thing to kill Curley's wife, when she allowed him to stroke her soft hair. 



This is evidenced by his decision to run to the bushes near the river , where George would seek him out.  However, he doesn't fully comprehend the implications of human death, as evidenced by his taking the dead pup body with him so that George wouldn't see it as well.   

Lennie's simple reasoning is that the body of Curley's wife is bad enough; the body of the pup would compound the wrong done —and he did NOT want both dead bodies to be in the same place for George to see . 

Characters:


George Milton: Lennie’s guardian after the death of his aunt.

Lennie: The dimwit , strong as a bull.

Candy: An aging ranch handyman, Candy lost his hand in an accident and constantly worries about his future, with an old sheep dog , now blind and old.  


Curley: The Boss' son,  a young, mean character, once a semi-professional boxer. He does NOT trust his wife and imagines that she opens her legs for the ranch hands.  He wears  high-heeled boots ,  and seeks to compensate for his small stature by picking fights with larger men.



Mae:  A young, attractive woman, who is loves to makes her husband Curley jealous by flirting, to get his attention.


Crooks: The black stable-hand, gets his name from his crooked back. He is bitter and cynical, as he is isolated in the barn because of the color of his skin.


Candy's dog:  A blind dog who is described as "old", "stinky", and "crippled", and is killed by Carlson. The death of Candy's dog foreshadows  Lennie's  fate by  quirk of fate .


Carlson: A ranch hand, he kills Candy's “stinking” old dog with his gun. He is practical, and represents the lack of sentiment among yanks of this time period.



Slim: A respected ranch hand whom Curlie suspects of laying his pretty wife behind his back.He is a skilled mule driver and is at peace with himself.. A quiet, insightful man, Slim alone understands the nature of the bond between George and Lennie.




Aunt Clara:  Lennie's Aunt, who raised Lennie; she is recently deceased.  She appears in Lennie's head after he kills Curley's wife,  scolding him.  She was a kind, patient woman who took good good care of Lennie and gave him plenty of mice to pet.

Story line:-

The novel opens with George Milton and Lennie Small, walking to a ranch near Soledad in California's San Joaquin Valley, where harvesting jobs are for grabs.  . Both men carry blanket rolls — called bindles — on their shoulders .  They both wear similar clothes ,and the larger man imitates the smaller.

George and Lennie escape from the previous ranch , hop on board a train, and obtain work passes from a new town. A bus was supposed to transport them to a new ranch for work, but the bus driver drops the duo 10 miles off.


George, the smaller man, leads the way and makes the decisions for Lennie, the hulking retard.  

They stop at a stream for the evening, deciding to go to Tyler ranch in the morning. When Lennie drops near the pool's edge and begins to drink like a hungry animal, George cautions him that the water may not be good. This advice is necessary because Lennie cant figure out any possible dangers.



Lennie, who loves to pet anything soft, has a dead mouse in his pocket. George takes the mouse away from Lennie and reminds him of the trouble Lennie got into in the last town they were in — he touched a girl's soft red dress and caused her to holler—“rape”. 



George then reminds Lennie not to speak to anyone in the morning when they get to the ranch and cautions Lennie to return to the exact spot by the river if anything bad happens at the ranch, while he was not present.

When he has to take the dead mouse away from Lennie a second time, George bitches at the hardship of taking care of Lennie.  Because Lennie forgets things very quickly, George must make him repeat even the simplest of instructions. 

George tells  that if he did not have Lennie he would be done with a huge responsibility. He could go to town, drink when he wanted, have a girlfriend, shoot pool, and, in general, have a life.

Lennie sobs and offers to leave and go live in a cave.  Seeing Lennie looking forlorn George  makes up and promises Lennie that he will soon get him a soft puppy to cuddle . 

He tells Lennie about their dream of having a little farm where they can be their own boss and nobody can tell them what to do, where Lennie will tend their rabbits, and where they will "live off the fatta the lan'."  



Lennie has heard this story so often he can repeat it by heart. And George emphasizes that this dream and their relationship make them different from other guys who don't have anyone or a place of their own. 

They settle down and sleep for the night. . Before George falls asleep, Lennie tells him they must have many rabbits of various colors.

The next morning at the ranch, the boss Jackson becomes suspicious when George answers all the questions and acts as a mouth piece for Lennie . George explains that Lennie is not too bright but is strong as a bull and a great worker.

They meet Candy, an old swamper with an old sheep dog –(his right hand is simply a stump because he lost his hand in a ranch accident):  Crooks, the black stable hand;  the boss' mean son Curley, who is an amateur boxer and has a bad temper;  Curley's wife, who has a reputation as a "tart";   Carlson, another ranch hand; and Slim, the chief mule skinner. 

Candy tells George that Curley's wife is pretty but she has "got the eye," and she flirts with Slim and Carlson.

Upon seeing Curley's wife, Lennie is fascinated with her and George warns him to stay away from her and Curley. 



The die is already cast .

"I don't like this place, George. This ain't a good place."  But George reminds Lennie that they must stay long enough to make a stake for their farm.

That evening, Carlson complains bitterly about Candy's dog, which is old, arthritic, and smells.  He offers to kill the dog for Candy, and Candy reluctantly agrees to let him do so. 

Candy's greatest fear is that once he is no longer able to help with the cleaning he will too be "disposed of." Like his old dog, he has lived beyond his usefulness.



Later, after the others have gone to the barn, hoping to witness a fight between Slim and Curley over Curley's wife, Lennie and George are alone in the bunkhouse. Lennie wants to hear the story of their farm again, and George retells the dream. 

Candy overhears and convinces George and Lennie to let him in on the plan because he has some saved money for a down payment.  George excitedly believes that, with Candy's 400 dollars , they can swing the payment for a ranch he knows of; he figures one more month of work will secure the rest of the money they need. He cautions Lennie and Candy not to tell anyone.

The ranch hands return, making fun of Curley for backing down to Slim.

George and Lennie's dream is foreshadowed when Curley thinks that Lennie is smirking at him. Curley is pissed off and picks a fight with Lennie, brutally using Lennie as a punching bag.  George seeing Lennie bleed shouts at Lennie and exhorts to give back as good as he got. 



Lennie crushed the bones of Curley's hand. Taking Curley to a doctor, Slim secures Curley's promise to say his hand got caught in a machine so Lennie and George won't get fired.  



Lennie is afraid he has done "a bad thing" and that George won't let him tend them rabbits no more.  George explains that Lennie did not mean to hurt Curley and that he aint in no trouble.

Lennie tells Crooks about the plans to buy a farm, and Crooks says he would like to join them and work for nothing.

Mae sees Lennie's bloodied and bruised face, and she figures out who crushed her husband’s hand.

The gears of fate now turn fast .

A frenzied Mae confronts her husband , the guy with a walking Napoleon complex.   She taunts him, calling him "a punk with a crippled hand!" .  She knows her husband visits the whore house every Saturday night , screwing lesser women, and is bitter.

Curley senses that Mae is unhappy , lonely , sex-starved, bored and locked into a loveless marriage, and a ranch life she does not really care for.   Mae knows her beauty is her power, and she has used it to flirt with the ranch hands and make her husband jealous.

The aggravated Curley sreams at her, telling her  their marriage is over, and that she is gonna be kicked out of the ranch due to her wanton “ I am available” behavior, and endless throwing herself at the ranch hands.  

She continues to laugh maniacally until her laughter turns into sobbing, realizing she is now done for.
Before she can leave, Mae enters the barn to pet a few of Slim's puppies, where she spots Lennie crying alone, after he killed his puppy by stroking it too hard.



When Lennie tries to leave knowing he should not be talking to Mae as ordered by George, she stops him from leaving and forces him to talk to her. Because there is a horseshoe tournament going on until dusk, Mae plans to talk with him uninterrupted. 

Mae explains to Lennie of what she wanted to be before Curley shattered her dream. . Her "best laid plans" involved a stint in the movies with all the benefits, money, and pleasure that would provide.

All the while Mae is jabbering, Lennie, is trying hard to figure out how to get rid of the dead pup so that George won't know.

When Lennie tells Mae that he loves to stroke soft things, Mae offers her hair for Lennie to stroke , telling him not to "muss it up."  Mae starts to resist and scream in pain when Lennie strokes her hair too hard.  

Thinking she will shout rape, like the woman with the purty red dress , of the ranch at Leed , from where he and George has to run for their lives, Lennie tries to silence Mae.  He is unaware of his own brute strength and inadvertently breaks her neck.

Below:  If Mae shouts RAPE, like the woman in the soft red dress at the last ranch, that would be the end of the "farm" dream. 



Lennie panics and paws the hay to partially cover her.  Hearing the clink horseshoe game outside, he understands that someone will come in sooner or later and discover the bad thing he has done.

Knowing he has done something really bad, he runs to the hiding place by the stream.  He remembers George’s words at this hour of deep distress .

Lennie is by the deep pool of the Salinas River, waiting for George. He talks to himself, repeating that George will be mad and will give him hell.  From his memory, he creates his Aunt Clara, who stares disapprovingly and scolds him because once again he did not listen to George. 




Then Aunt Clara disappears and is replaced in Lennie's mind by a giant rabbit, who takes over from where Aunt Clara's left off --  of scolding Lennie and tells him he cannot tend the rabbits and that George will beat Lennie with a stick.   

Lennie protests that George has never "raised his han' to me with a stick."  But the rabbit persists, and Lennie puts his hands over his ears and calls out in sheer desperation for George.

Candy finds the dead body of Curley's wife and goes for George; both men immediately know what has happened.  Candy knows that Curley will organize a lynching posse, and George says he is not going to let them hurt Lennie.  

Candy asserts that he and George can still have their farm, but George realizes that it will never happen. Now George has no dream, and he will end up working like the other ranch hands and spending his money in a poolroom or "some lousy cat house."

Without Lennie, the dream is gone and perhaps it was a pipe dream , which never really existed except in the words that made Lennie's happiness complete.

George asks Candy to wait a few minutes before he calls the others; then he slips into the bunkhouse and steals Carlson's Luger. When Curley comes and sees his murdered wife, he vows to kill Lennie slowly and painfully. George joins the men searching for Lennie.

As they spread out, George alone goes straight for the riverside spot where he finds Lennie.



Coming silently through the bushes, George asks Lennie what he is yelling about. Lennie describes his fears of George leaving and confesses that he has once again done a bad thing. 

Strangely silent, George explains that it does not matter this time.

Lennie knows he has done "a bad thing" and expects George to scold and lecture him.  George, however, is so overcome with remorse that he cannot scold Lennie, but must save him from Curley's cruelty and painful retribution .  

He tells Lennie to look across the river and imagine their little farm. George describes it, as he has done many times before, and while Lennie is smiling with pleasure and envisioning the rabbits he will soon get to pet and tend. 

When Lennie realizes that George aint gonna beat him he cries- "An' I got you. We got each other, that's what, that gives a hoot in hell about us."

Lennie cries out "Le's do it now. Le's get that place now,"

George replied, "Sure, right now. I gotta. We gotta," and shot Lennie on the back of his head . George shoots him as Carlson shot Candy's dog, and like the dog, without a quiver, Lennie dies. 



Earlier in the novel, Slim told Candy it would be better to put his dog down, better for their "society" as a whole. Candy had no other merciful options for his dog, and George sees no other options for Lennie.

The others arrive, and George leads them to believe Lennie had Carlson's gun which George wrestled away from him and shot in self-defense.  Only Slim , always the sane voice of reason, comprehends the truth, and he takes George off up the footpath for a drink. 



Only Slim realizes that George killed Lennie out of love. Curley and Carlson look on, unable to comprehend the subdued and sombre mood of the two men.  

Slim, tries his best to cheer up a disconsolate George ."An s'pose they lock him up an' strap him down and put him in a cage. That ain't no good, George."




"Of Mice and Men" is a recollection of a simpler way of life that was swept aside by the realities of the Great Depression and all the momentous social changes that followed. 

George is father, mother ,brother and mentor to Lennie.  The two men are a mismatched couple, making do with what fate has dealt them.

Of Mice and Men was adapted for the silver screen several times. 

The first adaptation was in 1939, two years after the publication of the novella, and starred Lon Chaney Jr. as Lennie, with Burgess Meredith as George, and was directed by Lewis Milestone. It was nominated for four Oscars.

The Hollywood movie of 1992, is directed by Gary Sinise, who was nominated for the Palme d'Or at Cannes.   Sinise also played George in the film, and the role of Lennie was played by John Malkovich.

Of Mice and Men takes place during America's Great Depression, which lasted from the Stock Market Crash of October 1929 until 12 years later when World War II began.  

By the time Steinbeck wrote Of Mice and Men, the itinerant ranch hands were beginning to be replaced by machinery, and their way of life was fast disappearing .


Of Mice and Men is a dark tale, a parable of men journeying through a world of pitfalls and heart wrenching  inhumane experiences.

This novel has been banned from various US public and school libraries or curricula for allegedly "promoting euthanasia", "condoning racial slurs", being "anti-business", containing profanity, and generally containing "vulgar" and "offensive language".   Oh boy !

Check out how easily John Steinbeck draws you into the vortex of a unique journey of these two men — Lennie and George —  as we witness their dreams, their hopes, and their courage.

George's words echo the prophesy of Crooks when he imagines what his life will be like without Lennie:  "I'll work my month an' I'll take my fifty bucks an' I'll stay all night in some lousy cat house.  Or I'll set in some poolroom till ever'body goes home. An' then I'll come back an' work another month an' I'll have fifty bucks more." 


Gone is the dream, blown away by the winds .

Gone are the complaints about what he could do and how well he would be on the journey of life if he did not have Lennie around his neck like a millstone.  Now he will be alone, like everyone else.  George does NOT realize it was Lennie who sprouted the farm dream and nourished it almost like a self fulfilling prophecy.

As Lennie often says to George, "I got you to look after me, and you got me to look after you …." In this way, they are not like the other ranch hands, who "are the loneliest guys in the world."



I ask my readers— judge this book ( of great literary value ) only after you read it.  

You will NOT be disappointed.

A quote from the CORE :
“I ought to of shot that dog myself, George. I shouldn't ought to of let no stranger shoot my dog.”-CURLEY



MORAL :

The moment Lennie first met mean aggressive Curlie and his seductive wife Mae he wanted out. George ignored his feelings.

Even dimwits have gut feelings—as this has NOTHING to do with the damaged brain.

Punch into Google search-
GUT FEELING AND INTUITION VADAKAYIL

And if you can get the dimwit into the ZONE – he will perform as well as a quick witted guy.

Punch into Google search-

IN THE ZONE VADAKAYIL


Thinking is not an action of the mind , but an action of our entire body.

Punch into Google search-

THE RAPE OF THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND VADAKAYIL


Lennie cried -- "I don't like this place, George.  This ain't a good place.  I wanna get out"    

But George reminds Lennie that they must stay long enough to make a stake for their farm.  

Lennie pays with his life !
*********************************************************************
THE LIE OF MALE MENOPAUSE , MYTH FLOATED TO RAKE IN MONEY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ANDROPAUSE , TESTOSTERONE ,  ESTROGEN ,  DHEA DEHYDROEPIANDROSTERONE   

Menopause is the final cessation of a woman's reproductive ability.  It is a natural change that typically occurs in women in their early 50s, signaling the end of the fertile phase.  

Below: Are PMS women good rulers ?



The transition from reproductive to a non-reproductive state occurs over a number of years, and is a consequence of biological aging.   The date of menopause is the day after the final episode of menstrual flow finishes. 



The menopause transition, and post menopause itself, is a natural life change, not a disease state or a disorder. Yet the modern Pharma mints money on this natural condition.

Most women suffer during this period.  Well, they need NOT suffer.

Punch into Google search-
CHEMBU KIZHANGU , COLOCASIA AND PMS SYNDROME VADAKAYIL



But hey, now the evil pharma has moved over to greener pastures.   Money has to be raked in. So they have now created the myth of male menopause.

Men do not go through a well-defined period referred to as menopause.

Men do experience a decline in the production of the male hormone testosterone with aging, but this also occurs with conditions such as diabetes. Along with the decline in testosterone, some men experience symptoms that include fatigue, weakness, depression, and sexual problems.

Unlike menopause in women, when hormone production stops completely, testosterone decline in men is a slower process.  The testes, unlike the ovaries, do not run out of the substance it needs to make testosterone.  A healthy male may be able to make sperm well into his eighties or longer and father healthy children.



The evil pharma has come up with testosterone replacement therapy to ide over the so called male menopause , to help relieve symptoms as loss of interest in sex (decreased libido), depression, and fatigue. 

They do NOT talk about the side effects of such therapies.



Men do experience a decline in the production of the male hormone testosterone with aging, but this also occurs with conditions such as diabetes.



Along with the decline in testosterone, some men experience symptoms that include: 
Fatigue
Weakness
Depression
Sexual problems
-and this is made out to be male menopause (sic!) .

The relationship of above symptoms to decreased testosterone levels is controversial— they are assuming so.

The condition "andropause" (touted as male menopause )  is currently not recognized by the World Health Organization . 
Yet evil pharma and their stooges are raking in the moolah.   

The World Health Organization does recognize "menopause" (in women).




As men age , there o course is a steady reduction of the production of the hormones testosterone and DHEA ( dehydroepiandrosterone ) in middle-aged men, and the consequences of that reduction.



I used to pull this DHEA on my wife 30 years ago.  

Suppose I did NOT want to do something she told me to do today,  I would procrastinate it by saying “See, my DHEA levels are down today,  pray ( or prithee as the case may be ) , can I do it tomorrow?”

Nowadays my wife pulls this dialogue on to me , when she wants to pull mE leg “ Are your DHEA levels down today ?”

See, sometimes women have longer memories than elephants.

DHEA is a hormone that is naturally made by the human body.  DHEA is used for slowing or reversing aging, improving thinking skills in older people, and slowing the progress of Alzheimer’s disease.    



Four years ago, I had penned a post on Delta brain waves and DHEA levels.




Punch into Google search-
DELTA BRAIN WAVES VADAKAYIL




DHEA increases Nitric oxide and Nitric oxide increases DHEA.   A vicious cycle for the better.

The Vedic maharishis knew about the Nitric oxide molecule thousands of years ago.

Pranayama is NOT a breathing exercise.   It boosts Nitric oxide release.

Punch into Google search-
PRANAYAMA AJIT VADAKAYIL

Same way Agnihotra ritual is still being ridiculed as superstition.  The rationalist Dr Dhabolkar ( who got killed ) used to ridicule Hindus for doing pagan rituals like Agnihotra , meant for stone age savages.

Well, well—what do they know.

Punch into Google search-

NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL



Today the white man cant even get a hard on without Nitric oxide provided by Viagra.



Nitric oxide was proclaimed “Molecule of the Year” in 1992. And this magic molecule ( which our Maharishis knew about thousands of years ago)  fetched the 1998 Nobel Prize in Physiology . It went jointly to Robert F. Furchgott, Louis J. Ignarro and Ferid Murad for discovering the magic signalling molecule.



When ancient Indians discovered something is was just dreaming of a morbid mind —but when some white men re-invent the same wheel it is scientific discovery.

Achieving and maintaining an erection depends on blood flow to the dong.  Normally, when a man is sexually aroused, chemical interactions in the body cause blood to fill the tissue inside the penis and it hardens and becomes erect. 

Viagra assists this process by relaxing the muscles around arterial blood vessels and increasing the flow of blood to the penis.  Viagra is the trade name for the drug sildenafil citrate.  It works by relaxing the smooth muscle lining of certain blood vessels, causing them to expand and fill with blood. In males, this typically results in penile erection

DHEA is a “parent hormone” produced by the adrenal glands near the kidneys and in the liver. In men, DHEA is also secreted by the testes. DHEA levels seem to go down as people get older. DHEA levels also seem to be lower in people with certain conditions like depression. 

DHEA circulates in the bloodstream mainly as the sulfated form, DHEAS.    The half-life of DHEAS is 9 hours, whereas the half-life of DHEA is only 20 minutes. 

DHEAS is coverted to DHEA and then to sex hormones in body tissues. Humans have considerably higher levels of DHEA than any other species. 

Sex hormones are produced almost exclusively by the ovary & testes of most mammals, whereas for humans (and to a lesser extent some other primates) about half of the sex hormones come from the gonads ( ovary/ testes ) and about half is synthesized on an as-needed basis from DHEA in peripheral tissues (breast, prostate, brain, muscle, liver, etc.).  DHEA is a steroid ( not an anabolic steroid ) found in Chembu ( Colacasia ).

DHEA reaches its highest levels in the blood at age 22, and drops progressively with age thereafter.  

DHEA has been shown to have the following effects:

Anti-cancer
Anti-diabetic
Anti-atherosclerotic
Anti-hypertensive
Anti-fatigue
Anti-depressant
Anti-obesity
Cognitive enhancing
Immune enhancing
Cholesterol-lowering
Increases bone mineral density

Adequate DHEA levels help combat the symptoms that come with metabolic syndrome such as low sex drive and fatigue.

Human adrenals -- besides making DHEA -- they also manufacture cortisol ( due to stress ) , which is in direct competition with DHEA for production. In other words, when cortisol production is high, especially for prolonged periods of time, your adrenals can actually wear out, and DHEA production will necessarily suffer. 

Adrenal exhaustion from coping with chronic stress means your adrenal glands are overworked from manufacturing cortisol, and they simply can't produce enough DHEA to support a healthy hormonal balance. 

You feel exhausted, often depressed, and your muscle tone decreases while body fat increases (cortisol tells your body to store fat).

Symptoms of chronically elevated cortisol levels due to stress include:

Increased abdominal fat         
Stomach ulcers
Suppressed immune response
Mild memory loss (words, names and numbers)
Accelerated aging      
Suppressed thyroid function
Inflammation  

Clearly it pays healthy dividends to reduce stress in your life, not only to reduce cortisol production, but also to ensure that your body has adequate adrenal strength to keep your DHEA levels optimal.

"Male menopause" ( sic !)  symptoms include:

Erectile Dysfunction
Night Sweats in Men
Muscle Loss
Low Libido or Sex Drive
Depression
Weight Gain
Urinary Problems
Hot Flashes in Men
Gynecomastia (male breasts)
Hair Loss
Sleep Apnea
Fatigue
Irritability

The imbalance of even one hormone causes imbalance in other hormones and leads to a domino effect of sorts. Men may not experience all of the above andropause symptoms, but instead commonly experience a combination of symptoms. While these symptoms are signs of andropause, they may also be symptoms of other conditions like adrenal fatigue and poor thyroid health.

Only a test will tell you for certain what your body's DHEA levels are, but if you're feeling tired and overwhelmed, have low libido, and find your mood suffering or even experience depression regularly, there is a strong chance that your body is not producing enough DHEA.

In the West the male menopause candidates have supplemented hormones over a long period of time . Their bodies got tricked into suspending its own DHEA production, and even shutting down your adrenal glands, which can lead to disastrous health consequences.

But if you swallow steroid hormones you seriously distort their natural metabolism. Swallowed hormones encounter potent stomach acids, and the hormones that survive this assault then move to your liver where they will be further broken down. Your liver screens all molecules that enter your blood stream, passing some onward, modifying or detoxifying others, and rejecting a few.

This routing of orally swallowed hormones is in sharp contrast to the way nature intended them to be distributed to your tissues. So for men, the ideal delivery system for DHEA is in cream form, through the as$hole—if at all they insist on being slaves to evil Pharma..


DHEA is sold as a supplement, but it is a powerful hormone that can change into other hormones such as estrogen and testosterone once in the body. Decreasing DHEA levels are closely associated with a number of age-related diseases and disabilities. 

If aging men and women can restore their DHEA to levels produced in their youth, youthful health and vigor will also be restored. DHEA increases the body’s ability to transform food into energy and burn off excess fat.   

DHEA is secreted throughout the body during sex.  DHEA reduces risk factors associated with age-related heart disease and improves blood vessels by stimulating the linings of arteries to produce nitric oxide, a substance that relaxes arterial tension.



Progressively increasing number of people today complain of a lack of energy, unexplained weight gain, poor mood, depression and insomnia. Some of the contributing factors can be a poor diet, lack of exercise, stress that goes unchecked and adrenal glands functioning sub-optimally.

Testosterone levels fall by taking undesirable medication , poor diet, excessive alcohol consumption, illness, lack of sleep, lack of sex, stress , allergies, GM foods , A1 toxic milk, plastics leaching into food / water etc.



Much of the current popular interest in the concept of andropause ( male menopause ) has been fueled by the book Male Menopause, written by Jed Diamond, a person of poor perception, who is really NOT qualified to write a book on this subject .

Testosterone levels (T-levels) decline gradually as humans age. Unlike females going through menopause, the decline in testosterone in men is gradual. What Jed Diamond does NOT know is that men’s functioning is not impaired solely by a loss of testosterone, but by a loss of estrogen as well.

Estrogen — the female hormone — is needed by men, too.  Muscle size and strength depended on testosterone, body-fat mass depended on estrogen, and both hormones were needed to maintain normal sex drive and performance.  As testosterone levels go down as men get older, estrogen levels go down, too. 



Estrogen actually comes from testosterone in men. And when it goes down, we have two problems then with the low testosterone and low estrogen.  It affects sex drive, muscle, fat.  Estrogen is not all bad for men, but it needs to be in balance.   

Both estrogen and testosterone levels can be checked through simple blood tests. Healthy ratios of estrogen and testosterone are critical for men to maintain good energy, stamina, muscle mass, bone density and to prevent many chronic diseases.

.. As teenagers, men have high levels of testosterone and low levels of estrogen. As they age, testosterone levels in men decrease while their estrogen levels increase

Men with higher testosterone levels have more estrogen, compared to men with low testosterone.
The normal decline of testosterone levels that comes with age is not believed to be the cause of male menopause. If it were, every man would experience it, and this is not the case.

When a woman arrives at menopause her menstrual periods stop and she is no longer able to become pregnant.  Her levels of female hormones - estrogen and progesterone - decline considerably. Menopause involves a sudden and dramatic decrease in estrogen that marks the end of a woman's ability to conceive a child.


What will surprise many people is that loss of sexual desire in men with low testosterone is due to lack of estrogen.  Testosterone is the main male sex hormone. Men's bodies convert some of it into estrogen, and levels of both decline with age. While some of a man's estrogen is converted from testosterone, some is converted from fat cells.

In obese men the problem is that there is too much estrogen in the system, which leads to a disbalance of the hormones in the male with a relative lack of testosterone. Overweight and obese men produce significant amounts of estrogen through aromatase located in the fatty tissue. Aromatase converts testosterone and other male type hormones, called androgens, into estrogen.


Excessive levels of estrogen cause breast growth, muscle weakness, lead to abdominal fat accumulation, heart disease and strokes. One of the advantages of doing saliva hormone tests of estrogen and testosterone is that you can calculate directly the ratios of these two hormones.

Testosterone therapy is available in West in the forms of injections, gels, lotions, patches, capsules and tablets and is now a multi million dollar business . A lot of people have developed prostrate gland cancer and have got debilitating strokes.   A PSA blood test identifies a man's risk for prostate cancer.

Other risks associated with hormone supplementation, particularly with injections, include the risk of stroke, an increase in liver toxicity and breast development. Ironically, testosterone supplementation also shuts down the production of sperm—so you are basically firing blanks.

Testosterone is also known as androgen, and many doctors prefer the term "andropause" for this male condition.

It is important to be aware that many of these male menopause symptoms are a normal part of ageing; others can be caused by a variety of factors.  Many men who experience these age-related symptoms have unhealthy lifestyles; they may smoke or drink too much alcohol, do not exercise and are often overweight.

These lifestyle factors may cause illnesses such as diabetes, heart disease, high cholesterol and depression. Some andropause symptoms can also mimic thyroid disorders, liver disease or kidney failure.

Testosterone replacement therapy (TRT) is the male equivalent of hormone replacement therapy (HRT) in women.  Vitamins C and E and zinc can help increase testosterone production.



Zinc is important for ageing men because of its role in maintaining prostate health, testosterone levels and overall sexual health.  Since our bodies don't produce zinc, a daily intake is beneficial to ensure healthy levels of this critical mineral.  

Zinc is essential to sperm production, and most men can blame decreased semen volume and testosterone levels on low zinc supplies. Sperm motility refers to the strength and the endurance of sperm cells to swim toward the egg in order to fertilize it. And low sperm motility is one of the main causes of male infertility.



Sperm motility is measured differently than sperm count. Instead of a total count, sperm motility reflects the percentage of the sperm that are moving forward. If you have a sperm motility count below 50 percent, vitamin and nutrition deficiencies -- including inadequate levels of zinc -- could be part of the problem.

While zinc is found in every organ, tissue and cell in the human body, in males, the prostate has more zinc than any other tissue except bone.

As men get older, they tend to exercise less and their diets change as well, often causing them to fall short of the recommended daily allowance of zinc. Men who don't have significant levels of zinc in their diets tend to have higher instances of enlarged prostate (benign prostatic hyperplasia, or BPH) and prostatis (an inflammation of the prostate). They also have higher prostate cancer rates.

Zinc supplements can help guard against hair loss in men who don't eat a balanced diet. The suggested dosage for hair loss is 50 to 100 milligrams a day, and zinc supplements can be found at your pharmacy or a health food store. 



Zinc has also been found to improve the antioxidant capabilities of the liver, as well as boost a main metal detoxifying compound called metallothionein, or MT. Low MT levels sensitize the liver to potential damage. By stabilizing the gastrointestinal tract, MT can help keep inflammation to a minimum .

Similarly, alcohol consumption can drive down the zinc levels in the thyroid, which can result in a host of medical issues, including compromised thyroid performance and subsequent weight gain.

Our bodies produce molecules that can damage cells, called free radicals. Antioxidants such as zinc help neutralize these potentially dangerous free radicals.

When the balance between free radicals and antioxidants is upset, it can contribute to developing cancer and heart disease, as well as age-related diseases.

Zinc also not only increases the production of white blood cells that fight infection, but also helps them fight more aggressively. It also increases killer cells that fight against cancer and helps white cells release more antibodies. 

Zinc increases the number of infection-fighting T-cells, especially in elderly people who are often deficient in zinc and whose immune system may weaken with age .  Zinc is a key mineral that helps produce thyroid-releasing hormones, or TRH, in your brain, which then signals your pituitary to make thyroid-stimulating hormone (TSH).  In men, the failure to do this also results in low testosterone levels. 

Alcohol use can exacerbate this situation. If you're dealing with low thyroid symptoms and consume any amount of alcohol, consider taking supplemental zinc.



Zinc is required at the intracellular level to help the thyroid nuclear receptors attach and drive the reading of the DNA genetic code.  A primary function of thyroid hormone is to help put the genetic code into action, which underscores the importance of maintaining proper zinc levels.

The very act of exercising -- from weight training to running to raking the lawn -- puts our muscles under stress. We literally break them down, on a cellular level, when we use them. While at rest, our muscles grow back bigger and stronger. Zinc is a key component in this process, from providing proper structure to cells and proteins to helping us get the rest that the process requires.

Muscles at work expend considerable energy, leading to the production of free radicals. Intense training can result in heavy sweating and inadequate caloric intake, both of which can lead to insufficient levels of zinc. 

Since zinc's role as an antioxidant is crucial to mitigating the adverse effects of free radicals, anyone undergoing a rigorous fitness regimen should monitor their zinc intake to make sure they maintain adequate levels.

Zinc inhibits the production of prolactin, a hormone that can disrupt sexual function.



Virgin non-hydrogenated coconut oil is most powerful booster of GOOD cholesterol. Coconut can help restore normal thyroid function. When the thyroid does not function optimally, it can contribute to higher levels of bad cholesterol.  Coconut oil can positively affect our hormones for thyroid and blood-sugar control.  

People who take coconut oil have improvements in how they handle blood sugar since coconut can help improve insulin use within the body. It increases digestion and helps to absorb fat-soluble vitamins.  

Saturated fat has been wrongfully vilified as the cause of high cholesterol and heart disease for the last 60 years, when in fact the converse was true all along.  In Kerala , the land of coconuts we had our corrupt ministers importing veg oils all the while doing false propaganda that coconut oil is unhealthy.

Today we know that bad LDL cholesterol increases risk for Alzheimer's.  The findings indicate high cholesterol levels could create more plaque in the brain.  If you have Diabetes - you are three times more likely to develop Alzheimer’s.

Medium chain triglycerides in coconut oil produce more ketone bodies per unit energy than normal dietary fats (which are mostly LCT/long-chain triglycerides) and thus give more energy support for the starving brain . 
Breaking down healthy fats in the liver leads to efficient burning of energy.  Women who consumed 30 milliliters (about 2 tablespoons) of coconut oil daily for 12 weeks not only did not gain more weight, but actually had lowered amounts of abdominal fat, a type of fat that is difficult to lose, and contributes to more heart problems.

Coconut oil is far superior to any other cooking oil and is loaded with health benefits.

Punch into Google search-

COCONUT OIL IS GOOD FOR COOKING VADAKAYIL




The male menopause  syndrome is due to poor life style choices, poor food choices, stress and plain aging. The west must know that hormone replacement by evil pharma supported by their stooge doctors do more harm than good.

Why do they elderly western people get Alzhiemers ? The meat and milk they consume is a major reason.

Punch into google search-

SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL

Consuming GM foods have given them all sorts of allergies. An allergy lowers the libido. And this loss is immediately felt.

Punch into google search-
ALLERGY , THE OVERKILL RESPONSE OF SQUEAMISH IMMUNE SYSTEM  VADAKAYIL

A lot of them have fatty liver by consuming the wrong type of sugars.

Punch into Google search-
HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP, FATTY LIVER DISEASE, DIABETES  VADAKAYIL

When you suffer from diabetes at middle age, yes, you really feel old .

Punch into Google search-

TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA  VADAKAYIL

Health in elderly humans depend on how well the  4 electrolytes – sodium, potassium, calcium and magnesium – perform the tango  over 24 hrs called the day-night shift.   Sodium and calcium are responsible for the contraction of the muscles whilst potassium and magnesium are responsible for the relaxation or extension process.   

The history of GM wheat parallels the history of chronic disease and obesity across the world, due to hard to digest and hyper-inflammatory Gluten .

Punch into Google search-
DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW VADAKAYIL

The human health also depends upon how well the lymphatic system performs. The lymphatic system in your body is a series of connected nodes, ducts and organs that play a vital part in your immune system. The lymphatic system has vessels just like our circulatory system, but does not have a pump like the heart for the circulatory system . 

Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.

Punch into Google search-
YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL

We Indians had good health even in our old age, due to Turmeric in our curry. 

The pickle Johns and chutney Marys who have discarded Turmeric from the kitchen shelves ( as they are wannabe GORA GAANDS ) have all sorts of health problems in their old age.

Punch into Google search-

AYURVEDIC MASSAGE AND QUANTUM MEDICINE TURMERIC  VADAKAYIL

Older men need to know the meaning of PROBIOTICS and PREBIOTICS.

The western diet which Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys ( wannabe GORA GAANDS )  ape now feeds only the upper GI [gastrointestinal tract].    

All the food has been processed to be readily absorbed, leaving nothing for the lower GI—and this is criminal.   No wonder the West consistently develop high rates of diseases such as heart disease and stroke, obesity, cancer, and type 2 diabetes.

The key to good health and looking young without a line on the face at the age of 58 is is fermentation in the large intestine which hold friendly bacteria.  Fibre in the food is of paramount importance .

Punch into Google search-

PROBIOTICS, PREBIOTICS, FRIENDLY GUT BACTERIA VADAKAYIL

The A1 milk of humpless cow is toxic , and causes Alzheimers.

Punch into google search-

NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS VADAKAYIL   .




Below video : Your adrenal glands sit on top of your kidneys, and they control the secretion of cortisol and adrenaline. Your adrenal glands are also able to produce small amounts of androgens, such as testosterone and DHEA.





The ancient Maharishis fasted often for a purpose. It is easy to detox, when you fast intermittently . Your body will naturally get rid of the toxins daily via autophagy (your body’s innate system that flushes waste material away from the cells ).

The circadian rhythm is mainly controlled by the stress hormone cortisol. And if your adrenal glands function properly you’ll wake up with elevated cortisol which gives you a jolt of energy first thing in the morning. Then when you go to bed at night, your adrenal glands make sure that your cortisol levels are low so that you can drift into sleep instantly.   

Healthy adrenals will help your body to produce high amounts of natural testosterone.   So basically your adrenal glands are your inner clock of hormones when the glands won’t function properly, then your inner clock of hormones is wrecked.  

When the circadian rhythm is upset you wake up with low cortisol, having zero energy and no motivation to do anything. Then as the day processes your adrenals will increase their cortisol secretion which drops your testosterone levels and makes you feel pretty sick, slow, and stressed out.  When it’s time to hit the bed, your adrenals make sure that your cortisol levels are sky high, meaning that you can’t sleep properly. 

If your adrenal health is bad, then your endocrine health and testosterone production will also suffer, which is pretty obvious as cortisol is the main enemy of testosterone,  and wrecked adrenal glands will make your cortisol secretion go haywire.   If you sleep a solid 8 hours and still wake up lethargic, then it appears that the innate circadian rhythm of cortisol secretion is messed up, which indicates adrenal fatigue.

You’re stressed for a long period of time , the adrenal glands will burn out, your cortisol levels sky rocket and your whole body gets out of control and is vulnerable to multiple diseases. Stimulants like excessive coffee drinking ( caffeine ) add to the problem of burnt out adrenals.


When your adrenal glands are out of whack, then your DHEA production will suffer greatly, and your stress hormone cortisol can roam freely inside of your body, destroying stuff.

Ashwagandha (used in Ayurveda for 6000 years ) is known for it’s immuno-modulating effects which balance cortisol levels.

Punch into Google search-
QUANTUM MEDICINE ASHWAGANDHA AND YOUR BRAIN VADAKAYIL

  
Almost every known illness is associated with a magnesium deficiency and low levels of the hormone DHEA.   If DHEA is low, magnesium is low. They go together. 

There is a long list of DHEA/ magnesium deficiency symptoms. They are anxiety, hyperactivity, confusion, depression, diarrhea or constipation, faintness, fatigue, hyperventilation, lack of coordination, insomnia, intestinal problems, muscle cramps, muscle tightness, pain, poor memory, seizures, tinnitus and vertigo; and these are just the symptoms! 

Major diseases associated with DHEA/magnesium deficiency are: angina pectoris, arrhythmia, asthma, atherosclerosis, Attention Deficit Disorder (ADHD), auricular fibrillation, bulimia, cancer, cardiomyopathy, chronic fatigue, chronic bronchitis, congestive heart failure, cirrhosis, depression, diabetes, emphysema, gall bladder infections and stones, hearing loss, heart attack, high cholesterol, hypertension, hypoglycemia, chronic infection (viral and bacterial) intermittent claudication (leg calf pain), kidney stones, migraine, mitral valve prolapse, osteoporosis, panic attacks, PMS (premenstrual syndrome), benign prostate hypertrophy, PVC’s and strokes.

Magnesium is the most critical mineral required for electrical stability of every cell in the body. A magnesium deficiency may be responsible for more diseases than any other nutrient. Millions suffer daily from magnesium deficiency without even knowing it. Every single cell in the human body demands adequate magnesium to function, or it will perish.

Soft tissue containing the highest concentrations of magnesium in the body include the brain and the heart—two organs that produce a large amount of electrical activity, and which can be especially vulnerable to magnesium insufficiency. The absolute cheapest and safest way to boost your Magnesium (without the laxative effect of oral supplements) is the Epsom Salt (Magnesium Sulfate) full bath or foot bath. 

Magnesium absorbed in this manner is short-lived in the body, possible due to influence of the sulphate ion.  Magnesium Chloride, is better absorbed in the body than Magnesium Sulphate. You can use Magnesium Chloride flakes for soaking (in a full bath or a foot bath) . 

You could even obtain a super-saturated solution known as Magnesium Oil, or Magnesium Lotion, and wipe or spray it over your skin surfaces. It’s applied transmedally to the skin from where it absorbs and metabolizes naturally into DHEA.

Punch into Google search-
AYURVEDA, REVERSE OSMOSIS BATHS IN 4000 BC VADAKAYIL

Tender coconut water contains magnesium.

Punch into Google search-

QUANTUM DRINK, COCONUT WATER VADAKAYIL

Here is something which the evil pharma will NOT tell you.

There are Ads by evil pharma in the western media that testosterone therapy can reduce the risk of Alzheimer’s.   “Testosterone-replacement therapy may increase risk of brain damage in Caucasian men “  is what the most recent study published in the Journal of Alzheimer’s Disease  says, -- after evaluating the influence of oxidative stress on testosterone’s typically protective effects.

Testosterone stimulates the production of red blood cells and it makes your blood thicker, which increases your risk for a heart attack or stroke.

The side effects of testosterone therapy include  enlargement of the prostate gland, and atrophy of the testicles, low sperm count, liver damage, sleep apnea, acne , tuft titties etc among many other side effects.

It is ABSOLUTELY essential to have a prostate exam and PSA blood test prior to receiving testosterone replacement.

Men who are obese often have low testosterone, and this is not a reason to take testosterone therapy. Losing weight is a much healthier and effective solution.

The symptoms of male menopause are just a normal part of aging and a normal part of life.  Testosterone therapy is not the fountain of youth.


Below: The guy below is just 7 years older than me .







There is a great difference between natural testosterone and  synthetic testosterone. The latter is  banned in professional sports , for the simple reason that in hopes of getting a performance boost athletes are putting themselves at risk of side effects.

In USA if you turn on late night television, and you’ll be bombarded with evil pharma ads for testosterone-like products that claim to enhance sexual potency, desire and even penile size.

The evil pharma is laughing all the way to the bank.

IT TAKES A DOWNRIGHT DIMWIT DOCTOR – OR A SOLD OUT  SLIMY THIEF--  TO TELL YOU,  THAT YOU CAN  JUST REPLENISH TESTOSTERONE AND ALL WILL BE HUNKY DORY .

Americans alone spend 3 billion USD on testosterone therapy.  Testosterone can be administered in a skin patch, skin gel, by injection, a solution applied to the armpit, or a patch applied to the upper gum . 

Once testosterone therapy is initiated, the doctor sinks in his hooks.  The patient usually undergoes lifelong treatment.  Doctors will monitor the patient’s hormone levels every six months to a year.

Experts estimate that sales of these products could reach $5.5  billion by 2017.  

A lot of this is for old homosexuals preying on young boys.
*********************************************************************
THE DIPPING FREE KICK OF JUNINHO AND PIRLO - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
 WORLD CUP SOCCER 2014 ITALY VS ENGLAND -- PIRLO'S DIPPING  FREE KICK 

I just finished watching the Italy Vs England World cup soccer match 2014.

When the time came for Italy to take a free kick , I knew Pirlo would execute the Juninho patented late dipping free kick .

He executed it to near perfection as seen in the video below--but it hit the cross bar.



England's goalkeeper had zilch clue as to what happened. After the match Hart complimented Pirlo--this is something which rarely happens.



Pirlo was one the architects of Italy’s 2006 World Cup title, helped AC Milan to two Champions League trophies and has won the last three Serie A championships with Juventus.

Pirlo does NOT shy away from accepting that he learnt this dipping free kick from Juninho.

Super talented midfielder Juninho played for French club Lyon from 2001-09, and Pirlo used to study his dead ball kicks . Juninho scored a French-record 44 free-kick goals with Lyon.

Pirlo dedicated an entire chapter in his recently published autobiography “Penso quindi gioco” — “I think therefore I play” — to his study of Juninho's style of late dipping free kicks.

Pirlo wrote in-depth on free-kicks in his recently released autobiography, specifically Juninho's style.  Pirlo can use both the inside and outside of his foot for free kicks and his consistency is second only to Juninho.

“The ball needed to be kicked from underneath, using the first three toes, keeping the foot as straight as possible and in that manner the ball remained still in the air but then at a certain point dipped down rapidly into the goal,” Pirlo wrote. “When I execute it exactly like I want to there’s no wall that can stop it.”

Juninho was UNSUNG--while a lesser Beckham was praised to the skies by ignorant soccer pundits.

Below: Pirlo




The method Juninho uses for long-range free kicks is frequently "knuckle balling," where the ball has almost no spinning motion during flight. A successful knuckle ball will "move" or "wobble" in the air unpredictably, making it difficult for the goal keeper to save

Below : Juninho





Antonio Augusto Ribeiro Reis Jr. or Juninho Pernambucano, is the greatest free kick specialist of all time in my book.   Juninho led Olympique Lyonnais to seven consecutive Ligue 1 titles before leaving the club in 2009. 

He retired from international football after the 2006 World Cup.  Juninho had made his debut for the Brazilian national team in 1999.

Juninho is said to be gifted with the ability to make the ball turn direction twice while in air and had a free kick accuracy of 97% while he played at Lyon, which is the highest free kick accuracy ever achieved by any player..

Below: Juninho and Pirlo



“It was really neat. He talked about my book and came to thank me,” Pirlo said. “I think he was just as excited to meet me as I was to meet him.”

“I think on shorter kicks Pirlo is better. But maybe from greater distances I was,” Juninho said after exchanging shirts with Pirlo.  “But Pirlo has won everything his career, and his results tell everything.  He’s one of the most complete midfielders of his generation.”


It is a disgrace that Juninho has never won the FIFA World Player of the Year, it just shows how disgraceful these awards are.
  
Juninho's style of freekick by impacting at the ball valve taking has been adapted by Cristiano Ronaldo too.

Most balls have a dead spot where the inflation vale is located. If you kick it right, you'll get no spin.
  
However, due to Coriolis forces, the ball will either wobble or dip and totally confuse the goalkeeper as what Pirlo did to Hart--just 30 minutes ago.




There is more to soccer than 20 hare brained souls running after a blessed ball.

Punch into Google search-


SWINGING THE CRICKET BALL , CURVING THE SOCCER BALL VADAKAYIL



How many of you heard of a soccer player by the name of Rory Delap?

Punch into Google search-

TO DO A DELAP VADAKAYIL


Sporting coaches must always  define the right outcomes, rather than the right steps— and they must never try to stereotype themselves.  

It wont work.   

Maradona tried it and failed.

"Don't clone yourself , even if you are god's gift to mankind".   Everything may seem perfect now -- but tomorrow you will realise that  you have been 100% wrong.  Adjust them sails, never try to change the wind.  Typhoons can be turned into tail winds by a good coach.

The coach must allow the matrix to be shattered and he must allow the entire team to think free in the dressing room during half time.  


WE all saw a free thinking Netherlands pulverizing straitjacketed Spain 5-1 , right?  Sometimes the boldest vision is the best vision.

There is NO room so self righteous managers today.  Tevez first fought with Mancini over a simple tactic.  He wanted the team to be offensive rather than defensive at half time in the dressing room..

In Oct 2010 there was a bizarre incident , at half time , when Mancini went into the dressing room and started railing at the Manchester City players.  Mancini was furious that his players were NOT playing well, while the captain Tevez told him that City were playing in too defensive a formation with Newcastle.

Then Mancini tells a stunned Captain Tevez to go and FU#K his own mother-- in front of the whole team!.

Punch into Google search-

TEVEZ MANCINI FIGHT ADVISE TO SOCCER MANAGERS  VADAKAYIL

In 1954, even god could NOT make Hungary win the world cup.

Punch into Google search-
PUSKAS , THE SOCCER LEGEND VADAKAYIL




Everybody knows that the mighty team of Puskas ( my childhood hero ) was brought down by unfair means .  
The West Germans came back from a 2-0 deficit in the 1954 World Cup finals.
*********************************************************************
GANGA MANTHAN, CLEANING OF RIVER GANGES – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SAVE GANGES, A HOLY RIVER WHICH FLOWED SINCE ETERNITY NEARLY KILLED IN 20 YEARS OF MISRULE,   CONSPIRACY TO KILL THE HINDU ETHOS ,   EASIER CONVERSIONS BY MAKING THE HINDU SELF LOATHING,   EXCESSIVE DAMS AND POOR WATER FLOW KILLING THE GANGA,   BACTERIA BUSTING BACTERIOPHAGES FOUND ONLY IN GANGES WATER ,   LIVING WATER  CHARGED WITH NANO SIZED  SILVER COLLOIDS,  MEMORY HOLDING CAPABILITY OF  WATER,   LOW SURFACE TENSION ANTIFUNGAL GANGA THEERTHAM IN COPPER LOTAS ,  NONBIODEGRADABLE PLASTICS DUMPED IN GANGES,  TOXIC CHEMICAL LADEN EFFLUENTS FROM TANNERIES KILLING BACTERIOPHAGES AND FLOCCULATING ANTIOXIDANT COLLOIDS,  EUTROPHICATION OF WATER BY NITROGEN IN ARTIFICIAL FERTILISER RUN OFFS ,  LOSS OF FERTILE SILT ON RIVER BANKS DUE TO DAMS, WATER GUZZLING MODERN ARTIFICIAL FERTILIZERS ,   ORGANIC HUMOUS WATER HOLDING RIVER BANK SOILS,   LESS RIVER WATER FLOW DUE TO DAMS AFFECTING RECHARGE OF GROUNDWATER AQUIFERS SITUATED FAR AWAY FROM BANKS ,  BHAGIRATA PRAYATNAM,  BOD5 AND COD READINGS,  THORIUM NUCLEAR PLANT POWER GENERATION ,  FISH LADDERS ON DAMS,  DESILTING TUNNELS IN DAMS,   EVAPORATION LOSSES FROM DAM RESERVOIRS,  GREENHOUSE METHANE GASES FROM SUBMERGED FORESTS DUE TO LARGE DAMS ,  SALT WATER INTRUSION IN COASTAL GROUND WATER AQUIFERS  DUE TO LOW FLOW OF RIVER WATER TO SEA,   LOSS OF ABUNDANT BRACKING WATER FISH AROUND THE INDIA PENINSULA COAST,  FREE ELECTRIC CREMATORIUMS WITH DOUBLE GENERATOR BACKUP,   SEWAGE TREATMENT PLANTS USING GRAVITY,  GARBAGE INCINERATORS WITH DOUBLE GENERATOR BACKUP,   PLASTIC FREE ZONE ON EITHER SIDE OF GANGES.

Before the Suez canal was built,  British East India company ships would stock up Ganges water from the fag end of Ganges river  off Calcutta.  This water would hold excellent quality till the ship arrived at London, and sailors would be in the pink of health .

On the reverse passage they would stock fresh water from river Thames and this water would develop fungus , have bacteria and stink, and the water had to be discarded and replenished enroute .  Sailors used to he half dead by the time the ship reached India.




























The FAKE Kabirdas ( all DASAS are FAKE and back dated creations of Rothschild ) was attributed with this verse by the immoral white invader "Hell flows along that river, with rotten men and beasts”

Probably the FAKE Kabirdas ( died 1518 AD ) forgot that the white invader had also written that Kabirdas came floating down Ganges river on a lotus leaf, born out of immaculate conception (sic!), for a Muslim weaver couple to pick him up at Varanasi ghats.

The FAKE Ravidas ( Varanasi wallah ) was the Guru of the FAKE Meera ( reborn gopika –sic!) who sang songs for the FAKE mistress of Lord Krishna Radha.


Below: Faith can move mountains-- toxic chemical foam - kaun sa khet ka beetroot hai  ?








Below : A great desh bhakt PM Narendra Modi brings hope to 1 billion Hindus.




Hullo Narendra Modi , listen up -- Spending thousands of crores to clean Ganga will not help until its normal flow is restored. .










A quarter century ago, I had an argument with a Dutch river pilot .  When I pointed out some white chemical ( Styrene ) foam in water river water and a dead sea gull  , he ridiculed the holy river Ganges .   

I instantly busted his bubble by telling him that the Ganges which flows from the mythical hairlocks of Lord Shiva is self cleansing due to the action of bacteriophages ,  silver/ himalayan salt colloids  and hyper oxygenation—and it is the only river on the planet which has this ability.



He expostulated— BACTERIOPHAGE whaaaaa ?

I replied – Bacterio fu#kin’ phage indeed !



Bacteriophage, is a virus,  any of a group of viruses that infect bacteria—it literally means  “bacteria eater” . 

Thousands of varieties of such phages exist, each of which may infect only one type or a few types of bacteria..  The nucleic acid may be either DNA or RNA and may be double-stranded or single-stranded.

During infection a phage attaches to a bacterium and inserts its genetic material into the cell.  After this a phage follows one of two life cycles, lytic (virulent) or lysogenic (temperate).  Lytic phages take over the machinery of the cell to make phage components.  They then destroy, or lyse, the cell, releasing new phage particles.

After the discovery of antibiotics in the 1940s it was virtually abandoned.  With the ever increasing rise of anti-biotic resistant bacteria , phages will now command fresh attention.

More than 120 years ago there was a cholera outbreak in India and dead bodies were dumped in the upper river. Yet strangely Ganges water did NOT spread the cholera down the river . 

A British bacteriologist by the name of Dr Ernest Hankin found that colonies of cholera bacteria that thrived in ground water quickly died in Ganges water.  He pursued his experiment by using boiled Ganges water and filtered Ganges water. 

To his surprise, while the filtered water ( which could not hold back nano colloids ) continued to show an antibacterial effect, the boiled water did not.  Heating water flocculates ( agglomerates ) and sediments the magic colloids and also kills the magic bacteriophages.

Ganges is heavily populated with phages which multiply rapidly , travel fast and home in on targets . They are harmless to humans because they are strain specific.  This means phages that infect the cholera bacterium can only infect the cholera bacterium and no other bacteria.

When a bacteriophage finds a bacterium with proteins which match its receptors, it can insert DNA or RNA into the bacterium and direct the organism to start producing replicas of the virus.



In the process of replicating the bacteriophage, many bacteria will experience lysis, in which they literally explode as they become overloaded with viruses.

Unlike antibiotics, phages take out the pathogen without harming the natural flora and friendly bacteria present in the body . The EVIL PHARMA has killed all effeorts to revive phage research.  Bacteriophages which are viruses infect and kill their host bacteria by a magical SEARCH AND DESTROY action. 

Phages have been keeping keeping bacteria in check for three and a half billion years! Antibiotics have been around for a few decades are they are already failing to do their job.

60 years ago people would put a few drops of Ganga water into ponds and it would kill all the bacterial growth.   Even today the polluted Ganga that kills pathogens twenty-five times faster than any other river. But with the onslaught of toxic chemicals from tanneries this rate has slowed down.

Dams have prevented the phages from doing their job. There are phages for all bacteria. A cholera phage can only attach to a cholera bacteria, an E. coli phage only to that specific E. coli and so on. They simply bide their time until they can sense that bacteria .




A phage or virus is a kind of macromolecule. It cannot replicate itself in nature. It has to penetrate the body of a suitable host and use its mechanism to replicate.  It can hang around in shady waters for years, but you won’t notice it because there is no host. It will only express itself when there is a bacterial host. 

Without a host in sight it just remains dormant. The phage that will kill cholera will not kill shigella dysentery even though they are both diarrhoeal diseases. And one that kills shigella will not kill typhoid, and so on.

 The bacteria which phages feed on can come from human bodies when they bathe. The human body in water in fact acts as a catalyst.  The higher the concentration of bathers the more food for the phages to feast on.  So wherever there are major bathing festivals like the Kumbh mela,phages will flock.

Isko boltha hai Bhagwaan ki leela !




Having found out its prey, the phage will multiply and the whole area suddenly becomes rich in phages.  So a few days after a Kumbh Mela the riversuddenly acquired greater powers of self-purification.

Now you get the drift why Capt Ajit Vadakayil got pissed off with the ignoramus river pilot in Netherlands.


Bacteriphages can eliminate the bacteria in the water. Compared to antibiotics, bacreriophages go deeper into the infected area. The replication of phages is concentrated on the infected area where they are needed the most. 

Bacteriophages are viruses cannot multiply through the division of cells because they are acellular (they do not have cells).  Instead, they seek a host cell in which they replicate and assemble themselves using the metabolism and machinery of the host cell.  Antibiotics are metabolized and removed from the body, with associated side effects.

Now let me talk about the magical nano colloids in Ganges water.

300 million years ago, these magic colloids were at the bottom of the sea, and was churned up when two continents banged against each other at the end of the great continental drift. 



The Himalayas were pushed up when two continents collided .  This is why Tibet is elevated and Mount Everest is the tallest mountain peak , which is still rising.   Rock salts from the bottom of the deep ocean were pushed up as mountains. 



It is electrically charged nano size colloids of Himalayan rock salt which protects the human body from free radicals and heals the human body.   This is why Ganges water is called LIVING WATER.  

This low surface tension water contains all the 83 odd minerals required by the human body in the correct dosage, to take it to the correct vibrational state where all cells dance in supreme harmony.  

Three years ago when I wrote this post below , it would have surprised a lot of “protein biology doctors".

Punch into Google search-
HEALING BY INCREASING CELL VOLTAGE  VADAKAYIL

Ganges water heals at the cellular level.  Hardly any modern doctors understand the strange tango of minerals in the human cell.


Ganges water  is highly alkaline and has an extraordinary amount of hydrogen with an extra electron, to neutralize damaging free radicals , which cause DNA damage, diseases and ageing.  

It holds high amounts of silver colloids , is highly sunbathed and oxygenated , and is indeed bio-energised miracle water.  

Low surface tension water ( normal is 73 dynes ) can store information for healing in its vibratory structure. It easily penetrates the 75 trillion cells and mitochondrial membranes, to supply nutrients and flush away toxins. 

As we grow old our bodies are NOT able to absorb water into the cells. We are more than 70% of water.

Ganges water has been kept in copper pots at the Shiva temple at Rameshwaram and has NOT developed algae and bacteria for centuries.  

Ionised water is structured water with hydrogen bonding and have positive polarity.  All other waters are negative in polarity.  

Majority of people have died after living their lives on this planet by never drinking living water.

Punch into Google search-
DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW  VADAKAYIL

The Ganges river holds silver colloids. When river water carrying suspended sediment particles reaches salty water, particle aggregation is an important factors responsible for river delta formation. Charged particles are stable in river’s fresh water containing low levels of salt, but they become unstable in sea water containing high levels of salt.  In the latter medium, the particles aggregate, the larger aggregates sediment, and thus create the river delta.  

Particle aggregation is normally an irreversible process. Once particle aggregates have formed, they will not easily disrupt. In the course of aggregation, the aggregates will grow in size, and as a consequence they may settle to the bottom of the container, which is referred to as sedimentation). 

Silver colloids causes bacteria to produce extremely toxic substances called reactive oxygen species. These go on to cause damage inside the cell, harming the DNA, proteins and even the membrane that surround cells. Ayurveda used colloidal silver for curing urinary tract and vaginal yeast infections and treating various diseases including Cancer, Alzhiemers disease, Parkinsons disease, Rheumatism, Arthritis ( dispersal of calcium ) , Diabetis , Colitis, food poisoning , Tetanus etc.  

Negative ions give clarity of thought and energy.  Nike uses silver to deodorise basketball shoes. Colloidal silver has an electrical NEGATIVE ionic charge ( anion ) , which disables certain enzymes. Silver invades diseased cells to destroy pathogens and immediately flush it out . It neutralises free radicals.  Colloidal silver has an electrical NEGATIVE ionic charge ( anion ) , which disables certain enzymes. 

Silver invades diseased cells to destroy pathogens and immediately flush it out . It neutralises free radicals. Remember, broad band antibiotics are effective against a dozen organisms ( till they become resistant super bugs ), while silver is effective against about 700. The wealthy ate with silver spoons in ancient India . The vedic soldiers used catalyst silver foil on their skin abrasions and burns.

NO MICRO ORGANISM CEN EVER STAY ALIVE AGAINST COLLOIDAL SILVER. 

It is safe for pregnant women, being an electromagnetic process. Electrolytically-dissolved silver has been used as a water disinfecting agent, for example, the drinking water supplies of the Russian Mir orbital station and the International Space Station. Silver and most silver compounds have an oligodynamic effect and are toxic for bacteria, algae, and fungi in vitro. 

Among the elements that have this effect, silver is the least toxic for humans. The antibacterial action of silver is dependent on the silver ion.  The effectiveness of silver compounds as an antiseptic is based on the ability of the biologically active silver ion (Ag+) to irreversibly damage key enzyme systems in the cell membranes of pathogens. 




Now I must tell you why ancient Indian rishis drank water from copper lotas ( pots ).  


They cleaned the copper pot with tamarind and then filled it up with lake water, the previous day and drank it the next day morning.

This cleaning with tamarind causes copper colloids to leach into the water overnight. Algae, viruses , E coli and many other pathogens are killed. 




This anti-oxidant water takes care of free radicals and hence is anti-inflammatory.. There is NO need to boil the water. This water makes your sperm more potent. 



This water can cure sinus like magic ( nasal irrigation )  .  It takes care of hypertension too.

I had talked about the surface tension of Ganges water. A single molecule of water looks like a letter V at an angle of 105 deg , with one oxygen atom at the bottom point and two hydrogen atoms at the top.  These atoms share some of their negatively charged electrons, forming a strong connection called a covalent bond.  POINT FIELD.

If you make the sound "OM" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.  Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. 

The average electron density around the oxygen atom in a water molecule is about 10 times that around the hydrogen atoms.  This non uniform distribution of positive and negative charges or strong DIPOLE present in water leads to the substance’s unusual behavior. 

THIS DIPOLE CAUSES IMMENSE SCALAR ENERGY TO USHER IN AND OUT OF ZERO POINT FIELD.

All water crystals have 6 branches--but NO two are alike. If you reduce the surface tension of water from 75 dynes / cm^ 2,  to 65 then the angle changes from 105 to 120. This water is good for the human body.


Water makes up 65% of the human body. Brain is 83% water, blood-92%, kidneys - 82%, liver-69% , muscles-75%, bones-28%.  Though water freezes at zero deg C , however if it is kept inside the capillaries which have the dimensions less than a hair thickness, it will remain fluid even at a very low temperature below zero .  


The most mysterious and controversial property of water, however, is its ability to hold and store memory. This property underlies the healing capability of homeopathy.  

A homeopathic solution usually in water is produced via a series of dilutions of a substance, often until effectively no atoms of the original material remain.  

Same way, one single drops of Ganges water purifies a large pot of water.  Only an imprint or memory remains for the cure, and the greater the dilution, the greater the effectiveness. 

Experiments showed that the immune system can be triggered using hundred times dilutions of an aqueous solution of an antibody.. If water has a memory then the water we drink is transferring its memory into our "water body," just like a homeopathic solution does.  

Hindus immerse their ashes of their ancestors in the holy Ganga . The river holds the memory of Bharatmata.

Human vibrational energy, thoughts, words, ideas and music, affect the molecular structure of water. The body is very much like a sponge and is composed of trillions of chambers called cells that hold liquid.  In this sense water not only has the ability to visually reflect the environment but it also molecularly reflects the environment. 

Ganges water has been responsible for thousands of unexplainable healings. Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it. 

Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments when it travels through various water cycles. Excessive dams in a river interfere with the process.

The oceans have a water cycle where vast internal rivers,that we call ocean currents, flow through all the salt waters of our world, carrying warm and cold waters to affect various countries' weather patterns, flora and fauna. Water responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more sensitive medium for reception .
  
It is also known that water receives cosmic radiation as extreme low frequencies everywhere, even deep down five kilometres below the sea, creating resonances or vibrations that are healing and healthy for nature since the world began. the moon, the sun and even the stars communicate with water, and our earth itself is retuning its resonances constantly to this influx.

Water is the universal solvent, being one of the best solvents we have, with 84 out of the known 103 elements on this planet being dissolved by it. If you drink water that’s harmonious to the human body, water will pass through the body within ten to 15 minutes.  The (harmonious) water will carry out toxins. 

Ordinary water has a surface tension of 73 dynes per centimeter, our body cells require 45 for fast permeation and hydration.  If the ST is too high, the cell drowns in its own waste products as there will be less flushing action.  

Scalar energy from the DNA of healers reduce the surface tension of water, and make the pH of the water more alkaline.  Water, sanctified by chanting mantras or by bathing an idol is known as theertham. 

‘Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing and transmitting information.  Water in everything we eat or drink carry with it a subtle informational content that imparts a "memory" into our "water body." The visual images that we encounter, the sounds that we hear, and our thoughts are encoded into the water of our cells to become a part of our unconscious mind.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction between water and consciousness. Water has a memory in which it stores information about the surrounding sounds, chemicals and even human emotions. 

Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes . The memory is stored in clusters of H20 molecules that are formed when several molecules join together.

Our thoughts and expectations broadcast energy like a radio station that influence matter on the subatomic quantum level.  If you intend that quantum particles should act or behave in a certain way, they will do as you intend.  If another man thought they should behave in a completely different way, they did just that as well. In other words, the very particles that make up our physical reality changed and responded according to the specific thoughts of the observing individual’s expectations.

The water molecule is not linear but bent in a special way. As a result, part of the molecule is negatively charged and part positively charged.

The hydrogen ion is positively charged. A water ioniser changes the hydrogen ion into a negative charge. Free radicals are a natural byproduct of cellular function. Free radicals expel an electron, and the extra electron damages neighboring cell nuclei and DNA, setting the stage for improper cell division and replication.

The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary manner,living cells would not be able to communicate with each other .  Water can propagate fast moving 5th dimension antigravity soliton waves, maintaining its shape and velocity without dissipating its energy ( example- tsunami ).

Building a dam to hold water is a STUPID way.  The enormous water body ( artificial lake ) causes massive loss of water due to evaporation.  

The bright thing to do is to store the water underground.  And this is what a free flowing river does . It recharges aquifers hundreds of miles away from the river banks. 

When will the mindless IDIOTS – nay CHOOTS-- understand all this?   The underground bank of water ( where there is NO evaporation or flow to the sea ) is called an AQUIFER.




Now it is time to elucidate the difference between a MAD MAN and a CHOOT.

For my foreign readers— a CHOOT is a stinking dripping pussy.

A gold medalist scientist had a car tyre puncture.

While changing the tyre the 4 nuts fell into the street sewer drain -- through the grills.  He was at a total loss what to do next .

Pretty soon a bunch of people came to ask him what the problem is.

On hearing the problem -- they consulted each other and offered a solution.

Remove one nut from all the other 3 tyres and use it for the spare tyre to be fixed.

Continue the journey and get 4 new nuts at the nearest city.

The scientist did what they suggested.

Then he wanted to know who they are.

On knowing that they are mad people from the nearby mental asylum taking an evening walk, he was surprised.

He cried:  “You guys should NOT be in the mental asylum at all , there is nothing wrong with you ” .

One of the men told him:

" Sir, we may be mad--  but we are not CH00TS. "

India’s 12TH  Five-Year plan (2012 – 2017) for energy development requires Uttarakhand to build 24 more big dams by 2017 to generate 6,858 megawatts of electricity.   Sorry, we Indians do NOT want it.



WHICH MAD MEN ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL THESE MINDLESS DAM PROJECTS ?




So who are the choots responsible for so many dams on the upper Ganges , that has killed the river on the lower side ?




Do they know that the Ganges river requires a constant water flow ( without stagnant pools ) to do its self purification process ?



Above :  When dams release water suddenly, the intense water flow removes smaller sediments like silt, sand, and gravel, as well as aquatic plants and animals and organic leafy debri. Complex sets of habitats are erased. The riverbed below the dam becomes like a pavement of cobbles and loses its value as habitat for plants, macroinvertebrates, and fish.




Above: Rounded stones lying under water for thousands of years are stolen for landscaping rich men's gardens.

I want every Indian to understand this truth —  LOSS OF LIFE DUE TO RIVERS SUDDENLY OVERFLOWING THE BANKS ARE INVARIABLY  DUE TO DAM OPERATORS CLANDESTINELY OPENING THE SLUICE GATES , TO REDUCE THE FLOODED WATER LEVEL OF THE DAM RESERVOIR.   WE DO NOT EVEN HAVE A WARNING SIREN SYSTEM.



High levels of nitrogen and phosphorus in the water most often come from agricultural runoff ( using artificial fertilizers ) and urban detergent laden waste water.   Such human-induced eutrophication causes low dissolved oxygen concentrations in water .  Pure Ganges water has very high level of dissolved oxygen compared to other rivers on this planet.

What worsens the situation in urban India is the construction of illegal structures and slums-as a part of vote bank politics.  Such slums are usually not connected to the city’s sewage systems.  It is therefore important for India to invest in building affordable sewage systems—rather than giving 10 billion euro to Italy—nay—Euro zone so that they can drink better wine..  Aerobic bacteria requires oxygen to survive.

To understand the TRINITY force field of Hinduism –

Punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM  VADAKAYIL

Where Lord Brahma is the creator, Lord Vishnu is the mediator ( preserver )  and Lord Shiva is the destroyer.  The trinity works in amazing harmony, preserving the cosmos .

These force fields have been personalized in Hinduism . Our ancient scriptures and Vedas are all allegorical and coded, and it requires perception to understand the inherent glory .. I must explain this amazing trinity concept for the layman. 

At home when we go for a crap and we pull the flush after the job, the feces goes to the septic tank. This concrete tank, has heavy slabs and does NOT allow oxygen and light to enter. Here the bacteria is ANaerobic, which thrives in methane but dies in oxygen.

Now imagine , you remove a concrete slab of this tank allowing oxygen to enter the tank. ANaerobic bacteria will soon start dying ( intelligent action of Lord Shiva ) and it will start stinking.  But at the same time an intelligent force field of Lord Brahma will start producing aerobic bacteria which thrives in oxygen , but will die in methane. 

How this intelligent morphogenetic transition takes place and its rate is controlled by another intelligent field of Lord Vishnu as the mediator.  

Pretty soon all ANearobic bacteria will be dead and the septic tank will be full of aerobic bacteria in a seamless change over.On the ship we have a sewage treatment plant.  Here an aerator blower runs 24 hours a day, 365 days in a year.  How this intelligent morphogenetic transition takes place and its rate is controlled by another intelligent field of Lord Vishnu as the mediator.

Pretty soon all ANearobic bacteria will be dead and the septic tank will be full of aerobic bacteria in a seamless change over.

On the ship we have a sewage treatment plant.  Here an aerator blower runs 24 hours a day, 365 days in a year. 

So all these stories injected by the white invader in our Hindu scriptures about Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva holding competitions as to who is more powerful — you now know what they are worth , right?

TEEE HEEEEE !

It is like ANaerobic bacteria saying that I am more powerful than aerobic bacteria.

OR

action saying that I am more powerful than reaction

OR

north pole saying that I am more powerful than south pole.

OR

evaporation saying that I am more powerful than condensation.

Excessive nitrate (NO3) in drinking water can cause human and animal health problems, particularly for small babies.  The United States Public Health Service has established a specific standard of 10 milligrams of nitrate nitrogen per liter as the maximum concentration safe for human consumption. 

The maximum contaminant level for nitrate, as set by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), is 10 mg/liter, or 10 ppm.   In the body nitrates are converted to nitrites.  The nitrites react with hemoglobin in the red blood cells to form methemoglobin, affecting the blood’s ability to carry enough oxygen to the cells of the body . 

Nitrate or nitrites in drinking water are associated with cancer in adults. Nitrate is reduced to nitrite in the gut and nitrite reacts with specific food breakdown products (amines) to form highly carcinogenic nitrosamines.  This is a convoluted path to cancer, but is assuming greater importance as nitrate in food and drinking water slowly increases worldwide.

To prevent nitrates in water apply two-thirds to three-fourths of the planned artificial fertilizer nitrogen just before the crop enters a period of rapid growth.  Proper timing ensures maximum daily nitrogen uptake and minimizes the likelihood of unused nitrogen leaching below the plant roots. 

In the olden days , Ganges river overflowed during floods to despoit amazing fertile silt on either side of the bansk to enrich the humous water holding soil.

During the summer months, when water is warm, oxygen can be consumed faster than it can be replenished. Dam water dreserviots become "stratified"; the warmer, oxygen-rich upper water laying on top of the cool, more dense, lower-oxygen deeper water.

Such conditions inhibit levels of beneficial bacteria and their breakdown of organics.  Bottom muck accumulation increases . This thermal stratification also makes conditions favorable for the production of noxious ammonia and hydrogen sulfide gases.

Oxygen is easily dissolved in water.  In fact, it is so soluble that water can contain a greater percentage of oxygen than the atmosphere.   Because of this phenomenon, oxygen naturally moves (diffuses) from the air into the water. 

Aeration of the water surface by winds and waves enhances this diffusion process.  Vertical mixing of the water, aided by winds, distributes the oxygen within the water body.  Water temperature of wide open dam reservoirs affects the capacity of water to retain dissolved oxygen.

It is estimated that more than 620 million people in India still defecate in the open and more than 70 % of Indian households do not treat their drinking water .  Mind you in 300 years flat the white invader robbed us blind and converted India from the riches nation to the poorest on the planet.

These are the same people who are sarcastic with us for being poor and unhygienic.  

Knowing that interlinking rivers was No 1 in the election manifesto of the new PM Narendra Modi, I have penned a post— warning of the irreversible dangers .

Punch into Google search-
INTERLINKING RIVERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL

1300 million Indians can survive without hydroelectric power. But they cannot survive without water.

India must plan on building clean nuclear power using Thorium based reactors. Till we attain this technology, we must build nuclear plants for generating power , rather than kill our rivers. 

A small nuclear plant like at Kudankulam can generate more power than the Tehri dam which killed the Ganga.

Solar power and wind power can only be used to augment, and they cannot be the main stay.

Punch into Google search-

VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS VADAKAYIL

Indian must know what the 7000 year old Kumbh Mela is all about.   A known Hindu baiter Azam Khan was in charge of the last Kumbh Mela .

KUMBH MELA , THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES VADAKAYIL



It is the wish of every Hindu to be cremated . Getting buried after death in unimaginable for him. 

Poor people cannot afford the wood to cremate their near and dear. This is the reason why half burnt bodies are dumped in the Ganges river. 

The practice of unburnt bodies being dumped in the river must be stopped and culprits must be traced , fined and imprisoned.

The Modi govt must construct electric crematoriums with double generator power back up.  Out of these 25% crematoriums must be FREE for the desperately poor . 

Burning wood for cremating bodies must have a heavy government surcharge tax , so that Hindus are encouraged to use electric crematoriums.



Special attention must be paid to the exhaust pipe of the electric furnace. I have detailed it in the post below.

Punch into Google search-

RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

The biggest threat to a Hindu is someone telling him that he will NOT be cremated after his death.  Even a hard core well knit unit like LTTE disintegrated after Bro Pirbakaran ( converted Christian ) banned cremation.

Varanasi has nearly 100 ghats, steps leading to the banks of River Ganga.  Most of the ghats are bathing ghats, while others are used as cremation sites.

There are many FALSE tales associated with these ghats , cooked up by the white invader.  For example –  The spectacular Dashashwamedh  Ghat  located close to Vishwanath Temple, is the place where Lord Brahma sacrificed ten horses in a Yagna. 

Sanatana Dharma did NOT have any animal or human sacrifice. All such episodes are FAKE and poison injected into Hindusim to make the Hindu self loathing.. Even the famous Ashwamedha sacrifice does NOT involve the sacrifice of a white horse.

Punch into Google search-
HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL

There is a concept called Moksha in Hinduism. After death a deserving soul  which has NIL karmic baggage is liberated from the endless cycle of births and rebirths.

In Hindusim we bury small children ( less than 28 weeks ) and jivanmukt holy men , as they do NOT have ego.   The body of the “realized man” or Jivan Mukt  continues to exist until his karmas and prarabdhas ( greater responsibility ) has worked itself out,  and then his mortal coil falls away on his own free will , and he attains Moksha.

Punch into Google search-

MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL

Many Bengalis have asked me why their favourite  Hilsa fish has disappeared from the Ganges. Well, today I will tell them what transpired.

We all think that fish keep swimming around from one place to another.  But most species species make only two really significant journeys in their lives.  

The first is shortly after birth, when fish move away from their spawning grounds, and the second occurs when the fish return to the spawning area to breed and die.

Before dams were built the only threats to this life journey was from bigger predators and fishermen, but now, fish face insurmountable barriers in the form of dams.  If they can't get back to the spawning grounds, then fish populations dramatically decrease.

That's where fish ladders come in (you may also hear them referred to as fish passages or fishways).   Fish ladders provide a detour route for migrating fish so that they can get over or around a dam that's blocking the way.  

You may wonder –what the fu#k ? 



How can a fish climb a effin' ladder ? 



Basically the fish ladder is a series of ascending pools that are reached not by climbing rungs, but by swimming against a stream of water. The fish leap through the cascade of rushing water, rest in the pool and then repeat the process until they're beyond the dam on the upper part of the river .

Just imagine Hilsa fish used to swing 1300 kilometers up the Ganges when NO dams existed. This is NO bull, as this fish stays in the sea and swims up the river only to spawn. Now they can only swim till the Farakka Barrage.  

The Farraka Barrage has prevented the spawning of migratory fish, and siltation compounds their problems, making the river bed too shallow for them to lay their eggs.

You can see thousand of fishing boats catching the Hilsa fish even before they could spawn— depriving the poor Bengali off his Hilsa machchi and mouth watering Macher Jhol.



While fish ladders are designed to get the fish back upstream to the spawning grounds, there may not be protection for the young fish going downstream.  Without built-in protection, the young fish could get caught in a turbine, for example, leading to injury or even death.

Fish passing free falling over a dam become stressed, injured, disoriented, or die . They get injured and shocked when in contact with turbines, the walls of the dam, or deflection screens.   They then exit into a relatively small area where their exposure to predators is increased.  

There is something called super saturation .  It is a danger for fish going over a dam or through its spillway.  When water is spilled over a dam huge turbulence is created . 

Because air is comprised of 78% nitrogen, the level of nitrogen dissolved in the water increase dramatically. The affected water does not lose the excess nitrogen quickly.  Supersaturated water enter tissues.  

If fish swim from an area supersaturated with nitrogen to a lower pressure area, a condition similar to “the bends” in scuba diving can occur. This effect causes injury and can even cause death to fish.

Salmon  are the most well-known species of fish that migrate up and down streams. As a species, salmon are called anadromous because they migrate from fresh water to the oceans and then back again.  

In the case of Hilsa they migrate from the sea up the fresh water river to spawn. 

The hilsa deposits its eggs in fresh water. Hilsa eggs are hatched in fresh water at about 73 degrees Fahrenheit. This fish initially feeds on zooplankton, and then on phytoplankton. Large scale impounding of water in upstream dam reservoirs later discharging will lower the temperature in spawning rivers, in addition to the turbulence 

There is no more Hilsa fish in Allahabad,  ever since the  construction of the Farakka Barrage in 1975. 

When they hatch, the larvae and juveniles migrate to sea over several months, feeding and growing en route. At this early stage of their life they are known locally as "Jatka," and range from 4-15 centimeters  in length. 

A mature Hilsa with a length ranging from 30-55 cm lays one lakh to 20 lakh eggs. The eggs are deposited in fresh water, and hatching takes place in about 24 hours .The newly hatched larvae is around 2.3 mm in size and the larvae and juveniles make their way downstream to the sea during a period of several months, feeding and growing on the way.

At this stage of their life cycle they are locally known as "Jatka". Usually Jatka grazes for five to six months age in fresh water before they migrate to seawater.

After growing for 1-2 years in sea, Hilsa shad matures and reaches an size of 35-55 cm prior to their spawning migration towards inland rivers, and the cycle continues. In 2006, the state’s government banned the catch of hilsa weighing less than 500 grammes.(. khoka ilish. ).  Hilsa fishing is now completely banned on either side of the Farakka barrage, 5 km upstream and 5 km downstream.
  



Hilsa fish nowadays tastes all fu#kin' balls . The rise of water temperature and water pollution has triggered early maturity of hilsa.  

Why blame Hilsa? 

In the west girls get their periods at the age of 9, while their great grandmothers got their periods at the age of 15.   


Hilsa would earlier take at least two years to become mature, it is now reaching maturity in a year.  Hilsa weighing a puny  150gm was found to be bearing eggs; something that should have been seen in Hilsa weighing 500gm or more. "

HULLO DADAS AND DIDIS – IF YOU WANT TO EAT HILSA FISH, EITHER GET RID OF THE FARAKKA BARRAGE , IN WHICH CASE SHIPS CANNOT COME TO CALCUTTA ANY MORE. 



THE OTHER WAY IS TO FORCE THE GOVT TO BUILD A PROPER TWO WAY FISH LADDER, AS A PORIBORTAN MEASURE  .



Down stream of a dam, the river is starved of its structural materials and cannot provide habitat.  Migratory fish like salmon, which are born upstream  may not survive their downstream trip  through a dam. They stand a poor chance of completing the round trip to spawn. 

Dams hold back not only fertile silt and sediment, but also debris. The life of organisms (including fish) downstream depends on the constant feeding of the river with debris. This debris includes leaves, twigs, branches, and whole trees, as well as the organic remains of dead animals. 

Debris not only provides food, it provides hiding places for all sizes of animals and surfaces for phytoplankton and microorganisms to grow. Without flooding and without a healthy riparian zone, this debris will be scarce. 

Adding to the problem, although debris might come from the river above the dam, it is instead trapped in the reservoir, and never appears downstream. The bottom level of the food web is removed. All in all, the loss of sediment and debris means the loss of both nutrients and habitat for aquatic life.

Dams on the Ganges river have decreased the flow of river water ,which means fewer habitats, nutrients, and increased stresses on aquatic life downstream. This has caused massive changes in the ecology and water quality of the river and its tributaries.

The devastation of freshwater ecosystems directly affects the livelihoods of millions of people who live upstream and downstream of dams, especially in India where a lot of people depend on farming and fishing.  

And this is in addition to the large numbers of people that are relocated to make way for the reservoirs.  If you work out the economics and logistics , dams costs outweigh their benefits.  

The rich western countries and the International banksters are very keen to lend money to India for building more dams on the Ganges.  Kickbacks to corrupt politicians cause things to be less transparent , even though the bad effects are irreversible.

Underground aquifers keep water unpolluted and safe without evaporation.  Flowing rivers feed underground aquifers hundreds of miles away from the banks.  This has been going on since antiquity.

The damage that dams cause to river ecosystems is immense, turning free-flowing waterways into lifeless lakes, killing plants and trees, blocking fish migration and breeding, driving species to extinction, and devastating established patterns of human life. Many species of fresh water fish in the ganges is now extinct.

By diverting water for power ( which can be produced by other means ), dams remove water needed for healthy in-stream ecosystems. Stretches below dams are often completely de-watered.

 Dams slow down rivers.  Many fish species, such as salmon, depend on steady flows to flush them downriver early in their life and guide them upstream years later to spawn. Stagnant reservoir pools disorient migrating fish and significantly increase the duration of their migration.

Dams alter water temperatures.  By slowing water flow, most dams increase water temperatures. Flowing rivers are fairly homogenous in temperature.  Dam reservoirs, on the other hand, are layered.  They are warm at the top and cold at the bottom. If water is released downstream, the down stream temperature is affected . Many macroinvertebrates depend on a regular cycle of temperatures throughout the year. When we change that, we endanger them. Fish are sensitive to these temperature irregularities, which often destroy native populations.

Dams alter timing of flows. By withholding and then releasing water to generate power for peak demand periods, dams cause downstream stretches to alternate between no water and powerful surges that erode soil and vegetation, and flood or strand wildlife. These irregular releases destroy natural seasonal flow variations that trigger natural growth and reproduction cycles in many species.

Dams decrease oxygen levels in reservoir waters.  When oxygen-deprived water is released from behind the dam, it kills fish downstream.

Dams hold back silt, debris, and nutrients.  By slowing flows, dams allow silt to collect on river bottoms and bury fish spawning habitat. Silt trapped above dams accumulates heavy metals and other pollutants. Gravel, logs and other debris are also trapped by dams, eliminating their use downstream as food and habitat.

Dams increase predator risk.  Warm, murky reservoirs often favor predators of naturally occurring species. In addition, passage through fish ladders or turbines injure or stun fish, making them easy prey for flying predators like gulls and herons.  You can see this yourself at any dam. 

The decay of Ganges river began with the Haridwar dam built in 1854 by the white invader. This dam greatly diminished the flow of the river.

Reservoirs from large dams evaporate huge quantities of water.  When a hydroelectric project results in inundation of a free-flowing river, the nesting, forage, and cover provided by these areas is temporarily or permanently lost.

Dam reservoirs trap nutrient-laden sediments behind the dam.  This reduces reservoir volumes and accelerates a cycle of eutrophication (or oxygen depletion) that results in increased plant and algal growth, bacterial decomposition that consumes oxygen, and release of phosphorus that nourishes further algal growth.

Organic materials from within and outside the river that would normally wash downstream get built up behind dams and start to consume a large amount of oxygen as they decompose. Algae blooms , create oxygen-starved “dead zones” incapable of supporting river life of any kind.

You can have high levels of dissolved oxygen at the top from the algal growth, and ten feet below that--zero.  So only the top ten feet of the reservoir is the only habitable area for river fish. There has been no practice to  periodically release a specific volume of water according to the level required to maintain the dolphins' habitat..  

Statistics have shown that the river dolphin population in India is at less than 2000, compared to more than 7000 , thrity years ago. When stream banks and riparian areas become covered by the dam reservoir’s higher water level, the result is called inundation. 

Habitat conditions change and a new equilibrium emerges. As this occurs, a different set of dynamics begin impacting species that traditionally grow, nest, feed, or spawn in these areas.

Most of the dams on the Ganges do NOT have the ability to remove result .  No silt removing tunnel was built into the dam.  When sediments collect, the ecosystem can be affected in two ways.  The downstream habitat conditions decline because these silt and sediments no longer provide important organic and inorganic nutrients.  

When sediment builds up behind a dam, an effect called “nutrient loading”can cause the supply of oxygen to be depleted.  This happ.
ens because more nutrients are now available, thus more organisms populate the dam adjacent reservoir area to consume the nutrients.  As these organisms consume the nutrients, more oxygen is used, depleting the supply of oxygen in the reservoir.

Below video: The thought of the ongoing DELIBERATE murder the river Ganges ( soul of Bharatmata )  launches me often into the song by Chris Rhea --THE ROAD TO HELL



I “attempted” to sing this Chris Rhea song in one of shipboard parties .  To be honest singing is one of the very few fields I have failed in my life.

Punch into Google search-

MEDITATION VIA THE BACK DOOR VADAKAYIL

Digression:

Some of my readers may think that my sailors ( and the captain himself) , are behaving in a frivolous manner .
There is a method to this madness –it has results .

It is VERY effective .

Punch into Google search-
MELTING EGO, MEDITATION VIA BACK DOOR VADAKAYIL

Capt Ajit Vadakayil is one of the very few leaders on this planet, who managed by HUMOR MANAGEMENT— the ultimate in man and seaman management. 

These are things you do NOT fiind in books. This brand of man management is NOT taught in management and HR schools.

Punch into Google search-
HUMOR MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL

The toxic chemical effluents from tanneries by the banks of the river Ganges, especially more than 400 tanneries at Kanpur has slowed down the self cleansing capability of the river Ganges—basically killing the bacteriophages and flocculating the magic Himalayan colloids..

All collids are electrically charged. Colloidal particles are in constant motion because of bombardment by molecules of dispersion medium. This motion is called Brownian motion.Contact with certain chemicals cause them to lose their charge.


 The river can get rid of organic pollutants—but non-biodegradable chemical pollutants makes the water toxic.  Regular BOD5 and COD tests must be done and recorded in a transparent website on the Internet with trends.

 BOD5 means  Biochemical oxygen demand (BOD) in water . It measures the amount of oxygen required or consumed for the microbiological decomposition (oxidation) of organic material in water.  The unit of Measurement is  mg/l of oxygen consumed in 5 days at a constant  temperature of 20°C in the dark.  

Basically BOD5 is a useful measure to assess the effectiveness of sewage water treatment processes.  BOD5 is a measure of the amount of oxygen that is consumed by bacteria as it breaks down organic matter in a sample during a five-day period under standardized conditions.

BOD5 limit could range from 5–50 mg/liter, depending upon your wastewater flow, receiving stream flow and the water quality standards of the receiving waters .

Legend has it that the 5-day BOD (Biological or Biochemical Oxygen Demand) test was developed in England.  Sewage was dumped in a river and it took five days for gora shit to travel from London to the North sea. -- hence the five-day incubation requirement in the BOD method.

The BOD5 of sewage varies from several hundred to about 1000 mg/l for raw sewage, and from about 10 to 20 mg/l for good quality secondary effluent
  
BOD can be used as a gauge of the effectiveness of wastewater treatment plants.  BOD is similar in function to chemical oxygen demand (COD), in that both measure the amount of organic compounds in water. However, COD is less specific, since it measures everything that can be chemically oxidized, rather than just levels of biologically active organic matter. Fish and aquatic insects may die when oxygen is depleted by microbial metabolism.

COD is a measure of the amount of oxygen required to breakdown the organic matter in a sample under very strong oxidizing conditions. During the COD test, the sample is subjected to boiling with sulfuric acid and a strong oxidizer, such as potassium dichromate. 

COD or Chemical Oxygen Demand is the total measurement of all chemicals in the water that can be oxidized.  COD is usually a measurement of chemicals and the test is simple and easy to perform with the right equipment and can be done in 2 hours.  

 A COD test measures all organic carbon with the exception of certain aromatics (benzene, toluene, phenol, etc.) which are not completely oxidized in the reaction. COD is a chemically chelated/thermal oxidation reaction, and therefore, other reduced substances such as sulfides, sulfites, and ferrous iron will also be oxidized and reported as COD.   NH3-N (ammonia) will NOT be oxidized as COD.

Most applications of COD determine the amount of organic pollutants found in surface water (e.g. lakes and rivers) or wastewater, making COD a useful measure of water quality. It is expressed in milligrams per liter (mg/L) also referred to as ppm (parts per million), which indicates the mass of oxygen consumed per liter of solution.

Jawaharlal Nehru, despite making the Tehri Dam had great respect for Ganga.  His grandson Rajiv Gandhi neglected the river.   The Italian Catholic woman killed the river in just 10 years of her rule. 1 billion Hindus kept protesting. 

But the queen bee did NOT care too much. Evangelists eager on soul harvesting went on overdrive. Just an example-

QUOTE:   These people come with the false hope of finding forgiveness for their sins, yet they are increasing God’s wrath by putting their faith in false gods, works and rituals. They hope to break the cycle of reincarnation, in hopes of reaching nirvana, the closest Hindu equivalent to heaven. Others bring their dying relatives and friends to the river in the false hope that the location will give them a better reincarnation. Without Christ, these hopes are futile. How can they be reached with the truth in an environment that is so heavily influenced by malevolent spirits? Christian groups have tried to reach out to Hindus in Varanasi, a city with Christian fellowships. Other believers have gone to Varanasi and Allahabad to worship the Lord and pray for the Hindus who come with high hopes of spiritual enlightenment. Pray that such efforts will break through deception so that pious and well-meaning Hindus will find that Jesus holds the answer for their spiritual quests:  UNQUOTE

Oh Boy!

The queen bee used the Uttaranchal flood disaster to secure vote banks.   Hindu dharma does NOT allow such immoral capitalizing, on human misery. 

 

The relief trucks were flagged off in with TV cameras whirling. 

 

The relief packets had pictures of herself and her wannabe PM son.



 How can an Italian catholic woman understand the Hindu ethos ?



Her inner coterie has termed Ganges pollution as Hindus immersing ashes , flowers , clay idols and setting afloat lighted clay diyas in the river .  Yet, they have named a pumping station as “The Sonia Vihar pumping station”  in 2006.

The white invader had more respect for the Ganga that the inner coterie of the waitress . Almost a century back when the British were planning to check the flow of the Ganga at Haridwar, Madan Mohan Malviya , some kings, and the 4 Shankaracharyas , with the public united in protest. 

The British invader relented.  

The Chief Sec. of the United Provinces, I.C.S., R.Burns passed order no 1002 on 20-4-1917 to ‘maintain a free flow of the Ganga.’

The National River Conservation Authority set up in 1995 with the Prime Minister heading it had its last meeting in 2003— the UPA chairperson must explain why there is such apathy when 500 million people are affected.

All Hindus, regardless of their sects and castes , believe in the sacred purifying powers of the Ganges.  They worship the river by bathing in it, drinking its waters, praying to it, invoking it in oaths, and chanting its name.  

Bathing in the Ganges has become an important part of a vast number of Hindu ceremonies and festivals.   Even sacred statues of deities are bathed in the Ganges after being first created.  For millenniums  Ganga is considered as the holiest of the holy rivers, serving as a gateway for souls to escape the cycle of endless rebirths and attain salvation.  

The Hindu firmly believed that drinking water from the Ganga at one's deathbed enables him or her to attain salvation. Their life is incomplete without bathing in the Ganga atleast once in their lifetime

The Charak samhita, the ancient medical treatise, characterizes Ganga water as pure, and sacred. It says that no germ, bacteria or fungi canthrive in it. Hence Ganga water is revered as holy.

Wanna know who wrote the Charaka Samhita and when ? It was penned at a time when the white man was living in damp caves, doing grunt grunt for language, and eating raw meat by clubbing down animals , 6200 years ago. During this time, his Indian counterpart was wearing silk, writing poetry, eating cooked food from a menu and living is proper houses.

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

The common Indian knows only that Gangajal does not deteriorate.  Supposing you take water that has gone through reverse osmosis, activated charcoal ,  ultraviolet treatment, etc., if you keep it for two  more years, it will go bad, but Gangajal won’t.  

93%  percent of leather products produced by the tanneries which pollute the holy Ganga is destined for fashion markets in Europe and the United States— and we pollute our lands and water resources, for these people who look down on Indians .





In recent times more than 20,000 crores has been spent on cleansing the Ganga. What is the export income of the leather we export? A small percentage of this amount, right? Where is the economics , even if we are economics driven ? 

Why are we putting deadly chemicals in the Ganges ? For what ?  



Five hundred million people, about 8 percent of the world's population, live in the Ganges basin. Out of the 2,300 towns in the country, 692 are located in this basin, and of these, 100 are located along the river bank itself.  

So the snooty white men who want leather on their expensive car seats and fancy purses for their women are more important? 



The leather industry in Kanpur from more than 400 tanneries uses chemicals such as toxic and carcinogenic chromium compounds. The tanneries significantly increased the pollution load of river as they discharge huge amounts of effluents containing organic wastes and heavy metals. 



The tannery industry of Kanpur has coverted the Ganges to a gutter running to the sea.-- a dumping ground. They discharge different types of effluent waste into the river containing toxic chemicals .  This pollutes the river water directly or indirectly causes health hazards like cancer, renal failure and much other water related diseases.




90% of these tanneries use Chromium as the tanning agent.



Many Indians have contracted painful skin conditions, respiratory diseases, and deadly waterborne illnesses such as typhoid, polio, and jaundice after drinking or bathing in the Ganges River. 

INDIA IS A HUGE MARKET FOR MEDICINES PRODUCED BY THE EVIL PHARMA.

Draining of industrial effluent into rivers should be completely banned. Industries should recycle the industrial waste and use only recycled water.

Industrial effluents and hospital wastes treated or untreated and also sewage from the cities and towns treated or untreated, must not  be allowed to enter into the river.

skins go through an extensive chemical treatment from the time they are scoured with lime to when they are treated with chromium salts. The chromium lends a greenish hue to the drinking water the city draws from the river. 

Organic wastes - hair, flesh, and other animal remains - are thrown into the river, giving it a fetid stench. As they sink into the water, they mingle with the effluents of some 70 other industrial plants mainly sugar factories that disgorge a thick molasses-like substance, and textile companies that throw in various bleaches, dyes, and acids. 

Kanpur also contributes to the river about 400 million liters of sewage each day. Alarming levels of Arsenic, Cadmium, Mercury, Nickel and Chrome(VI) in the above mentioned samples have been found.  The blue and black slime that oozes from the tanneries is deadly poison , laden with chromium sulfate, sodium sulfide and a score of other toxic acids, fats, salts, dyes and synthetic chemicals. 



When chromium-laced waste is dumped into regional water systems, it can damage fish gills, incite respiratory problems, infections, infertility, and birth defects. It can also instigate a number of serious cancers in animals throughout the food chain. Chromium has been linked to increased rates of asthma, bronchitis, polyps of the upper respiratory tract, pharyngitis, and the enlargement of the hilar region and lymph nodes.
  
An average of 35 m3 waste water is produced per ton of raw hide. 

This wastewater contains:

- salts (Cl), fat, protein, preservatives (soaking);
- lime and ammonium salts, ammonia, protein (hair), and sulphides (fleshing, trimming, bating); 
- chromium(salts) and polyphenolic compounds (tanning); and 
- dye and solvent chemicals (wet-finishing).



Solid waste produced consists of fleshings containing lime, chromium containing ‘wet-blue’ shavings and of trimmings (leather). 

Tanning in the process converting putrescible skin into non-putriscible "leather". Usually with tannin, and acidic chemical compound that prevents decomposition .  Chrome tanning, the process most common today based on the use of chrome salts and requiring only a few hours.

Chromium-tanned leather is the most popular form of producing leather these days, and one of the most noxious. It relies on a toxic slush of chromium salts and tanning liquor to produce a supple and often light blue coloured product. 

The prepared hides are first pickled in a vat of chromium until the material’s pH drops to 3.0, then they’re transferred to a secondary vat filled with tanning liquor which penetrates the leather. 

Once the liquor has been thoroughly and evenly absorbed, the pH of the vat is increased to 4.0. This fixes the tanning material to the leather at a molecular level and helps reduce the amount of shrinkage experienced when the leather is submerged in warm water.




Once the tanning operation proper has been completed, the leather is allowed to dry. Then the “crusting” procedure begins.  The leather may be thinned, retanned, and lubricated before being coloured, softened, and shaped.

Chromium compounds are applied to protect hides from decay and to make them more durable against moisture and aging.  Hospitals are full with kidney  and liver patients in the vicinity of these areas .

Nobody cares to check if these tanneries have the requisite waste treatment facilities, and how they dispose their effluents .  Does this take too much of effort if the person is committed to a cause ?

Every child must be educated about the effect of non-biodegradables like plastics and toxic  / bioaccumulative chemicals in the river water.  Offenders must be captured on a mobile phone camera and then punished - 

KICK THEIR FU#KIN' ASSES-- AND KICK THEM GOOD .

Bioaccumulation occurs when an organism absorbs a toxic substance at a rate greater than that at which the substance is lost. 

India's National Botanical Research Institute, a government body, has tested agricultural and dairy products in the Kanpur area and found that they contain high levels of chromium and arsenic. 

An estimated 3 million tonnes  of sewage is released into the Ganges each day, of which very little is processed by sewage treatment plants. Ever since dams have been built, the banks on either side do NOT get the benefit of floods depositing fertile silt into the super fertile humous soil. 

Now the farmer is forced to use artificial fertilizers which makes the soul very thirsty. 

Chemical pollution threatens not only humans, but also more than 140 fish species, 90 amphibian species and the endangered Ganges river dolphin. People  living along the Gnaga banks in Uttar Pradesh,Bihar and Bengal are more prone to cancer than anywhere else in the country. 

Gallbladder cancer cases along the river course are the second highest in the world and prostate cancer highest in the country— thanks to the excessive amounts of arsenic, choride, fluoride and other heavy metals. 

Laws must be made and enforces to dispose off battery cells properly, like plastics . The need of the hour is to strictly implement laws regulating discharge of industrial waste into the river.  

Sewage treatment plants and incinerators must be privatized, with double generator power backup. If they are run by the govt , there must be zero tolerance to dereliction of duty.

If PM Narendra Modi cleans up the Ganges , in the first 5 years — he will be in power for atleast 20 years .

A very easy way to get blown off  in the 2019 elections is to implement the BJP No 1 MAD election manifesto of Interlinking Indian rivers and killing the holy Ganga , irreversibly , once and for all.

A day after his election victory Modi traveled to Varanasi to perform aarti ( a fire ritual ) in honour of the sacred river.

"Now it is time to do my bit for Maa Ganga," he said in a passionate speech from the Varanasi ghat. "Maa Ganga is waiting for her son to free her from pollution."

Modi has said that he wants to replicate the Sabarmati model. It is NOT so easy , for  Sabarmati is a short piss fart river ( about 370 km long)  and the mighty Ganga is 2,525 km. The ecosystem of Ganges is complex and different.

Even the World Bank has termed the Ganga clean-up a ‘high-risk’ project . All say Modi government is staring at a Herculean task that could take many years.

The solution is VERY simple.

The purity of the water depends on the velocity and the dilution capacity of the river.  Maintain good water flow in the Ganges at all times, to sustain its self purification capability.

Some useless white elephant dams on the Ganges may have to be decommissioned and broken up.  

After the Uttarachal floods the UPA govt has NOT been transparent to the severe damade to several dams . I shall be transparent in this post--later. 

Water which flow down the Ganges  water is NOT wasted into the sea like stupid people think.  All the water in the ganges is NOT melted ice water.  

Salt water intrusions into India’s coastal ground water aquifers started only after dams deprived rivers off the natural flow into the sea. The fish catch around the Indian coast has decreased after the flow of fresh water into the sea has been reduced.

Chrome can be recycled. There are proven techniques such as direct recycling — which uses the same chromium bath for both the initial tanning and subsequent re-tanning stage . This can reduce chromium levels in wastewater.  

By reclaiming chromium, either by rapidly precipitating it out of the acid bath using sodium hydroxide or sodium carbonate or slowly pulling it out with magnesium oxide,  one can recapture at  30 per cent of the bath’s chrome content.   A mix of 70 per cent new chrome and 30 per cent recaptured chrome produces nearly identical results as using 100 per cent new chrome.

Take this from a perceptive man-- spending thousands of crores to clean Ganga ( like in the past ) will not help until its normal flow is restored.  Of course this does NOT mean that industries will be able to discharge toxic chemicals into the Ganges.  

Sewage treatment plans and incinerator with double generator power backup must be installed.  

There must be a plastic free zone on either side of the Ganges. Heavy fines must be imposed , with exemplary imprisonment for repeated defaulters.  Spent batteries must be given special attention.

No defecation must be allowed on the river banks. Proper toilets must be constructed.  

Charity begins at home.  We have enough money to give 10 Billion Euros to Italy zone—nay- Euro zone , so that they can drink better wines- but our women still defecate in the open, though we got independence from the white invader  in 1947.

In the drive for economic growth we cannot sell the soul of Bharatmata and make the Hindu self loathing. 

Evangelists have converted many such self loathing Hindus, who are disillusioned by the apathy shown to the river .  Matri Dham Ashram, literally, the abode of the mother, dedicated to Mother Mary, was set up in 1954, in Varanasi, by the Indian Missionary Society (IMS).   

Kasi (Varanasi ) is the Mecca / Vatican / Jerusalem of Hindusim and finds a mention in the 7000 year old Vedas and in our Hindu epics Ramayana and Mahabhaata. 

The white invader called it Benares of the Hindoos.  The celebrated Chinese traveler Xuanzang, who visited the city around 635 AD, attested that the city was a centre of religious c activities, and that it extended more than 5 kilometres  along the western bank of the Ganges.

In 1194 Muslim invader Qutb-ud-din Aibak destroyed all the major temples in Kasi , including the Vishwanath temple, and built mosques on the foundations of many of them.  The Gyanvapi Masjid, which was re- built by Aurangazeb is built on the original site . 

The remnants of the original Vishwanath temple are revered by the devout Hindus as Shrinagar Gauri, the abode of Lord Mahadev. Muslims offer namaz in the premises of the Gyanvapi masjid but not in the main hall.

This Turkic king ruled from his capital in Delhi where he built the Qutub Minar and the Quwwat Al Islam mosque.

In 1897, Mark Twain, the renowned Indophile, said of Varanasi, "Benares is older than history, older than tradition, older even than legend, and looks twice as old as all of them put together."   We know this already , as Kashi , the spiritual capital of the Hindus , was called Shiv Nagar and is one of the oldest continuously inhabited cities in the world finding a mention in the 7000 year old Rig Veda.

Every tanneries on the banks of the Ganges must mandatorily fit chrome-recovery facilities .  The govt can provide loans and technical expertise..

However the effluent must be tested at regular intervals –surprise tests without advance warning. The effluent must be sampled using proper procedures.

Wanna know of some proper procedures ?

Punch into Google search-
SAMPLING PROCEDURES CHEMICAL TANKERS AJIT VADAKAYIL

On chemical tankers I commanded at sea, we carry liquids from wine to orange juice to olive oils to sulphuric acid to cyanides to clay slurry.

I have worked on chemical tankers where the ship has entered almost every  to major ports navigable river on this planet.    Nowhere have I seen so much laxity in controlling water pollution.  How about placing non-biodegradable garbage receptacles on either side of the ganges ?  

Countless tanneries, chemical plants, textile mills, distilleries, slaughterhouses, and hospitals merrily dump untreated waste into the river.  

We must have a soccer game WARNING CARD SYSTEM – say with 5 colours.    

These colours must be pasted on their compound gates using environment ministry ribbons. 

This will NAME AND SHAME these desh drohis.

When the industry is RED CARDED on the 5th notch, the unit must be shut down and the top manager sent to jail.   Well this is what happens at sea.   

They just catch the captain and imprison him.



Lead and cadmium are equally heavy and naturally sink in the river.

The rogue plant owners have been getting excused stating that the Govt cut off their power , and hence they could NOT run their sewage treatment plants and incinerators.  

Well my dear rogues—buy power generators—two of them if you please, with proper stock of minimum required spare parts.  


They even blame god for it by saying floods submerged their electric liquid pumps and blowers .  If so put it at a higher place. And if you cant be ready to pay and heavy fine and go to jail.


These rogues may attempt to clandestinely divert their waste water from the river to a hidden pit in the ground.   Well by doing this they pollute the ground water aquifer.   Citizens all around will get all sorts of water based diseases, including cancer.   

There must be ZERO TOLERANCE when it comes to rogues trying to hoodwink the govt inspectors. These inspectors must be rotated and sent in groups of five with ethnic and cultural differences so that they cant cheat as a posse. 

The Ganga Action Plan which was part of the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) has now been shifted under Water Resources Minister Uma Bharti.  She is committed to the Ganga, but mere commitment cannot save the day.  She must KNOW.




Cleaning the Ganges is impossible unless Delhi invests in underground sewer pipelines . More than 6 million people remain unconnected to any sewer line (mainly because they live in unauthorized housing settlements), and their waste water flows into open drains.  When the Yamuna River leaves Delhi, it is unable to support any but the smallest aquatic life.

In the 19th century, Kanpur more important than  Delhi.  It was a huge garrison town for the British army . They needed leather boots , belts and gun holsters for both World Wars. 

They fu#ked the Ganga. 

When non-vegetarian Hindus refused to pollute the Ganges they turned over the tannery industry to the converted beef eating Muslims. They made plenty of mosques in the vicinity.

"Since we are Muslim, there is more pressure from the government for us to control pollution," said Hafizur Rahman, president of the Small Tanners Association in Kanpur, 3 years ago.  

Muslims have traditionally dominated India's leather sector because of their willingness to work with cow carcasses - considered taboo by Hindus. And Muslims do NOT care for the holiness of the Ganges. 

Well folks, this is straight talk—NO beating around the fu#kin’ bush.  

The leather sector in Uttar Pradesh is worth more than 1 Billion USD annually and exports products all over the world, according to the UP Leather Industries Association.

Today the white invader acts as if they do NOT know anything .






They "did a DEVADASI " on the holy river Ganges.

You may be shocked—but read the post below. This is the way the white invader made an ass of the Indian.

Punch into Google search-
DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER  VADAKAYIL

Below: The Government Harness and Saddlery Factory was started in 1860 at Kanpur ( Cawnpore ) to supply the army with leather products like horse saddles , harness , boots, hats, belts etc .  Another big leather tannery started by the British was  Cooper Allen & Co. in 1880.





The Modi govt must introduce a new MANDATORY subject by the name of environmental ethics in every school and college in India . The pass marks must be high and without passing—NO degree or passing out certificate.  

This must be almost like a ‘swimming test” we sailors undergo to join the sea.

The white invader when he left india knew that the tannery industry on the river Ganges will be shut down one day or the other.   

Well they had beef eating Bangladesh as a back up with cheap labour and plenty rivers .  The Hazaribagh area in Dhaka is the Kanpur of India today, when it comes to tanneries.     I suggest that the Bangladeshis read this post too.   

Indians must read how Amma showed strength of leadership and got the polluting tanneries shut down in Erode Tamil Nadu.  

Below: Erode blues !-- reds too !!





For her ground water is more important than pleasing the gora gaands with leather exports.

Below : Erode image.



A lot of cancer on the ganges belt below Kanpur is due to the presence of Formaldehyde in the water. Chrome, known for its cancer-causing abilities, is used in huge amounts as are acids, natrium and ammonium salts.  

Converting animals hide into leather  requires massive amounts of dangerous chemicals, including mineral salts, formaldehyde, coal-tar derivatives, and various oils, dyes, and finishes, some of them cyanide-based. 

Because trivalent chromium is far less toxic than chromium VI, water that is contaminated with chromium VI can be treated with an electron donor that converts the pollutant to its less damaging, trivalent state. Bone charcoal, which is produced by burning animal bones, has the ability to remove chromium from water.  

Other methods of removing chromium contamination from soil include vermiculture, which involves the use of worms to concentrate heavy metals.  Certain forms of salt-tolerant bacteria may be able to decrease chromium contamination in soil .  

Hexavalent chromium or Cr VI--is known to cause lung cancer, liver failure, kidney damage, and premature dementia.. Chromium from the sludge leaks into the river, subsoil, and groundwater - the primary source of drinking water for the surrounding community. 

Chinese is also screwing up her rivers with tanneries and have jumped to No 1 spot in leather exports to the west .

INDIA MUST NEVER EVER HOLD CHINA AS A ROLE MODEL FOR WATER RESOURCE MANAGEMENT , AS MOST OF THEIR LEADERS ARE CONTROLLED BY BIG BROTHER.

The west has gone back to clean rivers , China is doing the dirty work for them.

Punch into Google search-

 COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS  VADAKAYIL

Garbage land fills must be situated far away from the river banks and definitely NOT on top of large aquifers.

Landfills MUST have a protective bottom layer of impermeable clay , covered with tough and resilient plastic sheets, to prevent contaminants from getting into the ground water.   

If there is no proper bottom layer or it is cracked,  contaminants from the landfill ( used engine lub oil, car battery acid, paint, household cleaners, chemicals etc.) can make their way down into the groundwater. 

Polluted ground water is less visible, but more difficult to clean up, than pollution in rivers and lakes. Ground water pollution most often results from improper disposal of wastes on land..

Time for me to bust the Indian dam bubble.

India has been armtwisted to build hydroelectric projects ( funded by R ) stating that this energy is clean and helps combat global warming.

Oh yeah?

What about the methane produced by submerged forests ?

But the adverse effects of river impoundments--disruption of ecosystems, decline of fish stocks, forced resettlements, and disease--have of late made dams symbols of corporate and governmental hubris.
Most dam building is driven by greed—this is a very potent statement.

So many dams have been built in Uttaranchal where the ground is unstable. The great continental drift is still raising the height of Mount Everest.

The bad dams are the shallow ones that flood large areas of land, without under ground aquifers to soak the water seeping under the ground , which lose water by evaporation , or that produce relatively little power. The worst hydropower projects may produce more [greenhouse gases] than a coal-fired equivalent.

A flowing river is very different from a stagnant dam reservoir with silt at the bottom , which is home even to malaria and. Schistosomiasis. Incidence of schistosomiasis, the long-term consequences of which can include pulmonary lesions, liver failure, and bladder cancer, has been rising very fast..

USA suffered from excessive dam building—now they are breaking up their dams in a phased manner. Environmental laws and public pressure have forced utilities and bureaucracies to restore some of the natural flow of riverine ecosystems. 

Unlike the West who is still surviving on stolen money, diving and recreational fishing are scarcely concerns for the majority of people in poor developing countries. These people need clean, potable water. 

Cities can get enough water if they do rainwater harvesting and recharge underground aquifers. The moment the river flows with a good quantity of water, the ground water level comes up like magic .

 Most of the dams in India do NOT have proper silt removal facility from the bottom of the dam reservoirs. Silt reduces dam capacity, thereby diminishing generating power, or deplete downstream farmlands, which are dependent upon silt for nutrients.

Absence of silt which coats the humous soil in every flood , makes the nation totally dependant on artificial fertlisers, which keeps the soil perpetually thirsty.  Of course the GM companies will say that they will give you sterile terminator seeds which require very less water.

Many wild animals living along the Ganges totally owe their existence to the river. If the Ganges remains polluted, the wildlife will not survive in the coming generations. The entire length of Ganges river is increasingly choked by dams, drained by irrigation canals, and fouled by industrial, agricultural, and human waste.

HUNDREDS MORE DAMS ARE IN STAGES OF PLANNING —BY MAD MEN AND CORRUPT DESH DROHIS .

Despite the Uttaranchal disaster , MAD MEN are still planning projects  involving drilling huge tunnels in the hills by blasting rocks, placing enormous turbines in the tunnels, cutting down forests to build water channels, roads, townships and other infrastructure, and laying transmission lines by other destructive methods.  

Many dams are built on the same river so close to one another that they leave zilch scope for the river's regeneration. These dams alter the hydrological cycle and change the natural course of rivers.  Diverting rivers at the source  through tunnels cut through the mountain, leaving long stretches of rivers dry and without allowing the rivers time and space to regenerate.

Why has the UPA govt not been transparent with the damages to various dams in the last floods?

The floodwaters of Uttaracnhal were , laden with  thousands of tonnes of silt, boulders and debris from dam construction, found no outlet. The routes they took for thousands of years in the past, including ravines and streams, were blocked with sand and rocks.  The waters inundated scores of towns and villages, submerging countless buildings under several feet of mud,  smothering life.

Why is is Uttarkhand experiencing such enormous scale of landslides ? Ever heard of deforestation? Who the hell cares for providing water sport activities for the white invader tourists who robbed us blind ?
We Indians do NOT want any more dams in Uttaranchal—rather some useless dams have to be pulled down.. 

The engineers who designed the Uttaranchal dams have NO idea of the enormous amount  of mud, silt, and grit which can be carried by Himalayan rivers. The load of ragged-edged grains of quartz and feldspar constantly overwhelm settling basins, and chew up pipes and turbines. 



Has anybody ever conducted a study of the enormous amount of money , that has been wasted on Uttaranchal dams ? 




The June 2013 disaster was just a small example of how nature will strike back if we disregard the ecological limits of fragile regions like the Himalayas through reckless and mindless dam building. 



The 400-megawatt Vishnuprayag Hydroelectric Project, upriver from Srinagar along the Alaknanda River, was buried beneath 20 meters of rubble that also filled its water storage lake..

The 76-megawatt Phata-Byung Hydroelectric Project under construction on the Mandakini River,  was washed away.

The 99-megawatt Singoli-Bhatwari Hydroelectric Project downstream on the Mandakini, a major tributary of the Alaknanda, was pounded and damaged by huge boulders

The 330-megawatt Alaknanda Hydro Power Project in Srinagar was about to be commissioned. But the powerhouse and turbines were inundated with mud and silt .



At the 280 mega watt Dhauliganga project near the border with Nepal the entire turbine room constructed deep inside the hill near the dam was submerged , causing at least $50 million in damage .  A landslide blocked the end of the water discharge tunnel

The 520-megawatt Tapovan-Vishnugad dam, under construction on an Alaknanda River tributary and seriously damaged last year by a flash flood, was hit again. The tunnel carrying water to the powerhouse, finished in April 2013, was washed away in June.

Just upriver, the 171-megawatt Lata Tapovan project, under construction and approaching its 2017 opening, was overrun by flood waters that damaged concrete work and forced at least a year-long delay in its commissioning. The delay could grow longer because the highway network is so broken and unstable it is unsafe to transport heavy equipment that is needed for repairs.

Both of the Maneri Bhali projects on the Bhagirathi River were damaged. The 25-year-old Maneri I dam, with a 99-megwatt generating capacity, and the 304-megawatt dam that opened in 2008, were hit hard enough for walls to collapse.

An enormous amount of rock, silt and mud and boulders ( mostly discarded after mindless dam building ) were washed off during the June 2013 flood , that they filled the riverbeds. The rivers of the Alaknanda and Bhaghirati basin have become shallow. 



NO BODY IS WILLING TO ADMIT THAT DAM OPERATORS IN UTTARANCHAL OPENED SLUICE GATES IN AN EMERGENCY WITHOUT PRE-WARNING AND CAUSED ALL THE DAMAGE AND LOSS OF LIFE

This useless rubble has now occupied the place of the original river bottom which existed for thousand of years. . More floods disasters are awaiting . Why is nobody being held accountable?



Narendra Modi was talking about “Jayanti tax”.  I guess it is unfair to target an environment minister who wants more information before she allows mindless projects .  Of course the next minister who replaced her signed everything in a jiffy.  We Indians  want the rushed projects  to be re-examined.



The 600 MW Loharinag Pala Hydro Power Project is An example of a MAD project on the river Bhagirathi, the head streamof the Ganges River ,100 kilometers  upstream of the Tehri Dam. 



Tehri itself has killed the river. 



Who is the MAD MAN who planned this MW Loharinag Pala project by diverting the river into a manmade tunnel inside the mountain ?

Below: The blades of the turbine are expected to withstand the scouring of the sharp stone and sand laden water torrent . 



Apart from rapidly filling their reservoirs, sediment–filled rivers cause  abrasion of turbines and other dam components. The efficiency of a turbine is largely dependent upon the hydraulic properties of its blades, just as an aeroplane depends on the aerodynamic properties of its wings. The erosion and cracking of the tips of turbine blades by water–borne sand and silt considerably reduces their generating efficiency and can require expensive repairs.

Tehri dam, Nehru’s pet project , probably the biggest environmental disaster in the world,  is 170 Km down stream from the Ganga’s Glacier.



The construction of four dams — Pala Maneri, Maneri-Bahli, Lohari Nagpala and Bhairon Ghate — had led to the drying up of the Bhagirathi.  

The planned building of hundreds of dams on the Ganges in this modern age whem power can be obtained by nuclear plants is a deep rooted conspiracy to destroy river Ganga and all Hindu pilgrim centres on it.

And don’t get carried away by the false propaganda about burning coal warming up this planet. The overfed western cows fart more methane and warm the planet more.

Punch into Google search-
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL

The whole Bhagirathi valley is ruined by the mad men cutting forest and digging tunnels through mountains .....and now the govt wants to save the glacier by limiting the number of tourist to 150 per day to the glacier.

 USA quietly removed removed 51 dams in 2013.

Outdated or unsafe dams came out of rivers in Alabama, California, Colorado, Idaho, Illinois, Maine, Massachusetts, Michigan, New Jersey, North Carolina, Ohio, Oregon, Pennsylvania, South Dakota, Vermont, Virginia, Wisconsin and Wyoming, restoring more than 500 miles of streams for the benefit of fish, wildlife and people.


1,150 dams that have been removed across the country since 1912-out of which more than  850 dams were removed in the past 20 years.



There are several useless dams on the Ganges which were built by corrupt people solely to obtain kickbacks in foreign bank accounts .  These dams must be identified ( very little power/ no irrigation value / does NOT prevent floods rather aggravates floods) and taken down.  

Contrary to popular belief , rivers are NOT meant to stay within their banks - they must overflow their banks annually and deposit super fertile silt .  

If  peoples houses get invaded by water, HULLO--— fu#k off from there— you have built your houses in the wrong place.

Dams block sediment flow— unless they have desilting tunnels or bottom gates.  None of our dams on the Ganges has ever considered the silt buildup .  Without silt by passing the river bottom becomes more rocky, as sediment no longer fills gaps between larger stones.  

Dam reservoirs, also called lakes, are created when storage projects are built. Reservoirs  reduce the water volume down stream of the dam . Surface temperatures tend to become warmer as the slower moving or “slack” water absorbs heat from the sun.  

An un-dammed river is dynamic, ever changing and comprised of many different ecological niches. Ecosystems and cultures are dependent on this god given dynamism.

 Dam reservoirs submerge forests . There is constant release of greenhouse gas methane from rotting vegetation. Decaying organic matter  cause eutrophic conditions in the reservoir, leading to algae blooms, further oxygen depletion, and massive fish kills.  

When this happens, the water from dam reservoirs and directly downstream is often unfit for human and animal consumption for years after the project is completed. No moving well oxygenated river can have algae growth

At an unstable area where two tectonic plates collide , reservoirs increase the risk of earthquakes by adding immense pressure to the earth from the large volumes and weight of the stored water. Rainforest soils are often extremely delicate; their thin layer of topsoil highly vulnerable to erosion. 

Eroded soils are washed into the dam reservoirs, causing a build-up of siltation that eventually leads to loss of the reservoirs' storage capacity over time. The soil deposits that are trapped behind the dam's barriers deprive the riverbanks downstream of seasonal nutrient replenishment. Loss of the source of silt and soil from upstream also causes serious erosion of the riverbank land. 

The especially fertile delta areas stop growing, start disappearing, and loose their source of fertility. Farmers are now forced to use artificial fertilizers and fall prey to the clutches of immoral GM food companies. 

Reduced water flow in the delta area will cause salt water to intrude up the river and into underground aquifers , which will damage crops, soil and ground water supplies . The   extensive mangrove forests at the Ganges delta are fast disappearing. 

Accumulation of water which evaporates in large dam reservoirs have affect the age old established seasonal climate— this is being touted as global warming effects to stop India from using her abundant coal reserves...

India needs to practice ENERGY CONSERVATION. This must be a compulsory subject in schools and colleges.

Wanna have a general idea what this is ?

Punch into Google search-
ENERGY CONSERVATION ON CHEMICAL TANKERS  VADAKAYIL

 Dams are super expensive and the projected financial costs are ALWAYS inaccurate. The benefits are often overestimated, driven by the incentives / kickbacks given by International Money Lenders to  politicians and expert consultants . Just a few years ago to oppose the construction of the dams was social heresy –thank god for the Internet .

Hardly any dams on the ganges hold any good amount of water due to sediment buildup at the reservoir. A huge quantity of this water just evaporates.  These dams do NOT have silt removal facility.  



Wanna see a China dam with silt removing facility ?  



It is the THREE GORGES DAM over the Yangtse , which is so huge that it can be seen from space.



When a dam collapses , there is a domino effect . The rush of water could overwhelm the next dam downstream, causing dams to collapse like dominos.  In 1975 the 118-meter Banqiao dam on a tributary of the Huai China was breached in a heavy rainstorm. 

Numerous dams downstream gave way in succession to produce a lake of more than 7,300 square kilometers. Six counties were inundated. By a conservative estimate, 26,000 died in the flooding and another 145,000 in the ensuing epidemics and famine.

Nor do big dams protect from floods and droughts. They store water during the wet season and release it during the dry season. Deprived of their annual inundations, downstream marshes, lakes, and wetlands dry out and can no longer absorb floodwaters.

During the record-breaking summer flood of 2010, the Three Gorges reservoir rose to 12 meters above "alarm level." To protect the dam, its operators opened the floodgates to the maximum.

Downstream some 968 people were killed, 507 more were missing and economic losses totaled $26 billion. The great dam survived its first test, but its floodplain is unlikely to contain big floods in the future.

Nor do big dams protect from floods and droughts. They store water during the wet season and release it during the dry season. Deprived of their annual inundations, downstream marshes, lakes, and wetlands dry out and can no longer absorb floodwaters.

During the record-breaking summer flood of 2010, the Three Gorges reservoir rose to 12 meters above "alarm level." To protect the dam, its operators opened the floodgates to the maximum.

Downstream some 968 people were killed, 507 more were missing and economic losses totaled $26 billion. The great dam survived its first test, but its floodplain is unlikely to contain big floods in the future.

The Ganges is in serious danger from 600 dams that are either operational, under construction or proposed. We Indians do NOT want this type of development.

When a HUGE dam is built and the reservoir filled with water, the amount of pressure exerted on the earth in that area changes dramatically.  When the water level of a reservoir is raised, pressure on the underlying ground increases; when the water level is lowered, the pressure decreases.  

This fluctuation can stress the delicate balance between tectonic plates beneath the surface, possibly causing them to shift. And we all know that Tehri dam is on unstable ground. If Tehri dam bursts the downstream populations in the holy cities of Devaprayag, Rishikesh and Haridwar (important sites of Indian learning and pilgrimage) would be wiped off the face of the earth.

 Even in the eighteenth century the ships of the East India Company would come all the way to Allahabad. Now only smaller ocean traffic can make it through the Hooghly to Calcutta , beyond which the silting prevents all deep-draft vessels.

Ganga is mentioned in the 700 year old Rigveda, the earliest and theoretically the holiest of the Hindu scriptures. Ganga is mentioned in the nadistuti (Rigveda 10.75), which lists the rivers from east to west. In RV 6.45.31, the word Ganga is also mentioned.

 During the early Vedic Age , the Sarasvati River was the major sacred river, not the Ganges.

Punch into Google search-
MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS, SARASWATI 9000 BC  VADAKAYIL

The holy Ganga river in India has its origins as the Bagirathi river at Gangotri.  The four greatest of the tributaries are Bagirathi, Mandakini, Alakananda and Yamuna. The origins of these are sacred places of pilgrimages for the Hindu people and are called respectively Gangotri, Kedarnath, Badrinath and Yamnotri. To undertake these pilgrimages is to undertake the Char Dham.

The Ganges begins at the confluence of the Bhagirathi and Alaknanda rivers at Devprayag. The Bhagirathi is considered to be the truesource in Hindu culture and mythology, although the Alaknanda is longer.  The headwaters of the Alakananda are formed by snowmelt from such peaks as Nanda Devi, Trisul, and Kamet.

The Bhagirathi rises at the foot of Gangotri Glacier, at Gaumukh, at an elevation of 3,892 m .  Although many small streams comprise the headwaters of the Ganges, the six longest and their five confluences are considered sacred. The six headstreams are the Alaknanda, Dhauliganga, Nandakini, Pindar, Mandakini, and Bhagirathi rivers.

The five confluences, known as the Panch Prayag, are all along the Alaknanda. They are, in downstream order: Vishnuprayag, where the Dhauliganga joins the Alaknanda; Nandprayag, where the Nandakini joins; Karnaprayag, where the Pindar joins; Rudraprayag, where the Mandakini joins; and, finally, Devprayag, where the Bhagirathi joins the Alaknanda to form the Ganges River proper.

After flowing 250 kilometres through its narrow Himalayan valley, the Ganges emerges from the mountains at Rishikesh, then debouches onto the Gangetic Plain at the pilgrimage town of Haridwar.  At Haridwar, a dam diverts some of its waters into the Ganges Canal, which irrigates the Doabregion of Uttar Pradesh, whereas the river, whose course has been roughly southwest until this point, now begins to flow southeast through the plains of northern India.

The Ganges follows an 800-kilometre  arching course passing through the cities of Kannauj, Farukhabad, and Kanpur. Along the way it is joined by the Ramganga. The Ganges joins the Yamuna at the Triveni Sangamat Allahabad, a holy confluence in Hinduism.

Now flowing east, the river meets the Tamsa River (also called Tons), which flows north from the Kaimur Range.  After the Tamsa the Gomti River joins, flowing south from the Himalayas. . Then the Ghaghara River(Karnali River), also flowing south from the Himalayas of Nepal, joins. The Ghaghara(Karnali),  is the largest tributary of the Ganges.

After the Ghaghara(Karnali) confluence the Ganges is joined from the south by the Son River.. The Gandaki River, then the Kosi River, join from the north flowing from Nepal. The Kosi is the third largest tributary of the Ganges, after the Ghaghara(Karnali) and Yamuna.

Along the way between Allahabad and Malda, West Bengal, the Ganges passes the towns of Chunar, Mirzapur, Varanasi, Ghazipur, Patna, Bhagalpur,Ballia, Buxar, Simaria, Sultanganj, and Saidpur.  At Bhagalpur, the river begins to flow south-southeast and at Pakur, it begins its attrition with the branching away of its first distributary, the Bhāgirathi-Hooghly, which goes on to become the Hooghly River.

Just before the border with Bangladesh the Farakka Barrage controls the flow of the Ganges, diverting some of the water into a feeder canal linked to the Hooghly for the purpose of keeping it relatively silt-free and navigable . The Hooghly River is formed by the confluence of the Bhagirathi River and Jalangi River at Nabadwip, and Hooghly has a number of tributaries of its own.

The largest is the Damodar River, which is 541 km  long. The Hooghly River empties into the Bay of Bengal near Sagar Island.  Between Malda and the Bay of Bengal, the Hooghly river passes the towns and cities of Murshidabad, Nabadwip, Kolkata and Howrah.



According to a bullsh#t U.N. climate report ( supported by R stooge Rajendra Pachauri ) , the Himalayan glaciers that are the sources of the Ganges could disappear by 2030 as temperatures rise.  If that is the case then in the same year the sun will rise in the West and crows will fly upside down .



Ganga originates from the Gangotri glacier at Gaumukh in the Indian Himalayas at 4,100 meters above sea level. It comes out of a hole in the ground.





In February 2014, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre (BARC), in Mumbai, India, presented their latest design for a "next-generation nuclear reactor" that will burn thorium as its fuel ore. Once built, with a target date of 2016, the reactor could function without an operator for 120 days.   

India's government is also developing up to 62, mostly thorium reactors, which it expects to be operational by 2025.  The Modi govt must make every effort to prepone this date.

Right now India  gets under 3% of its electricity from nuclear power, relying for the rest on coal and oil imports. We must aim for 70% electricity from nuclear power and the rest from wind power and solar power.   Enough funds must be sanctioned.  

Foreign funded Trojan Horse NGO protestors must be thrown in jail.

 It expects to produce around 25% of its electricity from nuclear power.  We have huge reserves of thorium.  India’s first commercial fast breeder reactor — the 500 MWe Prototype Fast Breeder Reactor (PFBR) — is approaching completion at the Indira Gandhi Centre for Atomic Research, Kalpakkam, Tamil Nadu.  

As of July 2013 the major equipment of the PFBR had been erected and the loading of "dummy" fuels in peripheral locations was in progress. The reactor was expected to go critical by September 2014.

India's largest nuclear plant at Kudankulam reached its full power recently with 1000 MW of power. The second 1000 MW units of the Kudankulam complex will become operational in 2015.

The mother of all scams in India, the thorium scam is kept under wraps by the foreign funded Indian media.

Punch into Google search-
SCRAP THE SETHUSAMUDRAM PROJECT, NOW  VADAKAYIL



Once regarded as amrit (nectar), a river that sustained all forms of life, the Ganga is now threatened by the very civilisation it once nurtured.  

It is NOT difficult to see the reason why the Kanpur tanneries pollute the river, merrily, without a conscience.  

Dams which has slowed the mighty river to stagnant pools are being built by corrupt politicians in order to get kickbacks in their foreign accounts. 

Dammed, diverted , overtapped and rubbished - the most revered of Indian rivers is now under grave threat along with the ancient Hindu pilgrimage centres on its banks..

The water of Ganga has some magic qualities in the form of colloids and nano particles sediments that come down from the Himalayan mountains. In the still waters of dam reservoirs, these colloidal qualities are lost.  

Bacteriophages are destroyed when the open oxygenated river is diverted into dark tunnels inside mountains holding turbines. 

Toxic chemical effluents from tanneries and artificial fertilser/ pesticide run offs which agglomerate nano colloids have reduced the self cleaning properties of the holy Ganga.

Concentrated solar energy heats water into steam which turns a steam turbine, which generates electricity.  In the solar collector, parabolic mirrors that focus the sun's energy onto tube in the foreground through which a fluid flows. 



The fluid is heated, and in turn heats water to again produce steam, which as above turns a steam generator and generates electricity.



In areas of India where good sunshine is available, the Indian Govt must NOT issue licenses unless a solar panel is fitted on the roof .




Large wind turbines which produce 10 MW of power are now being made by the Danish company Vestas.  How much power does a medium sized dam generate ? 



Arrays of large turbines, known as wind farms, are becoming an increasingly important source of renewable energy




The Triveni Sangam at aneicnt Prayag ( Allahabad ) is a holy places in India where two actual rivers Ganga and Yamuna and a third “mythical” or “under-terrestrial” river Sarswati meet.  The 7000 year old Rig veda talks only about Saraswati river.  River Ganga is just mentioned once. 



The Saraswati river was thought to be a myth till we located the lost river with our own satellites by underground mapping. Borewells have been dug along the length of hidden and extinct Saraswati river, to obtain sweet water, and extract riverbed shell molluscs.



 Lord Krishna’s brother Balaram gives a description of his sojourn along the dying Saraswati river from Dwaraka to Mathura in 4000 BC, when a tectonic shift at the mouth in the Himalayas made the river non-perennial over the ground. Gradually the whole river was buried under the Thar desert sand dunes, leaving only disconnected pools and lakes here and there. 



Vatican was eager to prove that the big bang of cosmos happened in 23rd Oct 4004 BC, 9 AM ( while it happened 14 billion years ago ) and that the great flood with Noah’s arc and party happened in 2500 BC ( life came on earth 4 billion years ago ) .  

By 5000 BC, the Indian Rig Veda was written in Sanskrit. Every religion and prayer on this planet is an offshoot of Hinduism and every language is an offshoot of Sanskrit. When the Saraswati river started drying up, the whole elite civilization migrated to fertile lands – some to Ganges, some to south west of India from Goa to Kerala. 

Some went upto Mesopotamia and Sumeria.   Druhyus ( Druids as Harry Potter fans know ) who preferred colder climates went to Europe and Russia taking along the Indian holy swastika ( Nazi ) symbol with them. This symbol was seen on pottery at the Russian equivalent of Stonehenge at Arkaim Chelyabinsk. This grand Stonehenge is estimated by Russians at 3000 years older than the British Stonehenge.



The Kumbh Mela is held at the Triveni Sangam in Prayag (Allahabad) is where the three rivers, Jamuna, Ganga and Saraswati meet every 12 years-- a month long holy festival attended by several million devotees.



Punch into Google search-

KUMBH MELA , THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES VADAKAYIL




Ganga is worshipped by Hindus who firmly believe that bathing in the river causes the remission of sins and facilitates Moksha (liberation from the cycle of life and death).  

Pilgrims travel long distances to immerse the ashes of their kin in the waters of the Ganges, bringing their spirits closer to moksha.  Several places sacred to Hindus lie along the banks of the Ganges including Gangotri, Haridwar, Allahabad and Varanasi.

Punch into Google search-

MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL




In India , a SUPER HUMAN  effort is called Bhagirata Pratnam.

As per Hindu scriptures the river Ganga in our legends is said to have been brought down to the Earth by a very ancient king by name Bhagiratha.  The river Ganga as it flows through the Himalayan ranges is also called Bhagirathi. 

Ganga is said to come from the heavens onto Lord Shiva’s head and from there on follow Bhagiratha.  Allegorically Shiva’s matted hairlocks are a celestial dam. 



Matted hairlocks of Lord Shiva represents the wind –and NOT unwashed dirty hair of a corpse eating aghoris as the vulgar white historian has written.  



The white historian has given lot of ridiculous stories about the legend of Ganga ,  just to make the Hindu look stupid.  

In the IT / computer software age , does the Indian look stupid anymore to the hilly billy/ John Bull white man ?

Punch into Google search-
LORD SHIVA, SHIVA LINGAM, DANCE OF SHIVA VADAKAYIL

Ganga flowed in the plains due to the efforts of Bhagiratha from the Himalayas to the plains.




Will Narenda Modi be the modern Bhagiratha – the person who will revive the holy Ganga to its original pristine glory ?

Below: Mother Ganga 




 LEGEND OF GANGA 

The ancient  kingdom of Ayodhya was ruled by the childless king Bhagiratha, who desperately yearned for Ganga to come down and wash away the sins of his forefathers.   Even though he ruled over a prosperous kingdom inhabited by happy people, Bhaigiratha remained sad, as he was childless. He was also saddled with the burden of giving moksha to his ancestors.

A long time ago, King Sagar, the then ruler of Ayodhya, had sent his grandson Suman to search for his 60,000 sons which were borne to him by his second wife Sumati. (She had actually borne a gourd which burst open to give way to these sixty thousand—test tube babies .)  

These sons, who were fostered by nurses in jars of ghee till they grew up to handsome boys. They suddenly disappeared mysteriously while they were searching for a lost white  let loose by King Sagar as a part of the great horse sacrifice known as the Ahwamedha Yagna.  If this sacrifice had reached its logical conclusion, Sagar would have become the undisputed master of the Gods.

Digression :

In the cover of her vulgar book Wendy Doniger has alluded that Ashwamedham is a horse sacrifice—as per the LIES written in Wikipedia . In Sanatana Dharma there is NO animal sacrifice.

This is what IMMORAL Wikipedia has to say -- ( you can check it yourself by Googling ASHVAMEDHA YAGNA WIKIPEDIA ).

They have even given a picture of the Queen lying down with the dead horse ( to be used as dildo for sexual gratification ) -- this picture was painted by a Muslim painter Sahibdin.




They say he painted it in 1652 AD , which is a lie.


QUOTE:--
  
Anyone who should stop the horse is ritually cursed, and a dog is killed ..

The queens walk around the dead horse reciting mantras. The chief queen then has to mimic copulation with the dead horse, while the other queens ritually utter obscenities ( probably they were singing  ribald songs like DARA SINGH KA  LUND--  TEE HEEEE ! ).

On the next morning, the priests raise the queen from the place where she has spent the night with the horse.

The three queens with a hundred golden, silver and copper needles indicate the lines on the horse's body along which it will be dissected. The horse is dissected, and its flesh roasted. Various parts are offered to a host of deities and personified concepts with utterances of svaha "all-hail".

The human sacrifice, the Purushamedha, followed a similar format,  but included a man with the animals to be sacrificed. The price of the man was set at one thousand cows and a hundred horses. Like the horse, the man chosen for sacrifice was allowed to wander for a year. Once he had been killed, the queen lay with his corpse.

The Laws of Manu refer to the Ashvamedha (V.53): 'The man who offers a horse-sacrifice every day for a hundred years, and the man who does not eat meat, the two of them reap the same fruit of good deeds.

In the Mahabharata, the sacrifice is performed by Yudhishtira (. After the horse was cut into parts, Draupadi had to sit beside the parts of the horse.)

The ritual was performed in strict compliance with Vedic prescriptions (1.14.10). Dasaratha's chief wife Kausalya circumambulates the horse and ritually pierces its flesh (1.14.33).

Then "Queen Kausalya desiring the results of ritual disconcertedly resided one night with that horse that flew away like a bird." .

At the conclusion of the ritual Dasharatha symbolically offers his other wives to the presiding priests, who return them in exchange for expensive gifts.

 "An empire is like a horse and the subjects like other inferior animals" (p. 448). Thus, VSM 23.22, literally "he beats on the vulva (gabha), the penis (pasas) oozes repeatedly (ni-galgaliti) in the receptacle"

“ The three authors of the Vedas were buffoons, knaves, and demons. All the well-known formulae of the pandits, jarphari, turphari, etc. and all the obscene rites for the queen commanded in Aswamedha, these were invented by buffoons, and so all the various kinds of presents to the priests, while the eating of flesh was similarly commanded by night-prowling demons.”

The mock bestiality ( sexual intercourse with animals ) and necrophilia ( sexual attraction to dead animals ) involved in the ritual caused considerable consternation among the scholars first editing the Yajurveda. Griffith (1899) omits verses VSM 23.20–31 (the ritual obscenities), protesting that they are "not reproducible even in the semi-obscurity of a learned European language" (alluding to other instances where he renders explicit scenes in Latin rather than English). A. B. Keith's 1914 translation also omits verses.

This part of the ritual offended the Dalit reformer and framer of the Indian constitution B. R. Ambedkar and is frequently mentioned in his writings as an example of the perceived degradation of Brahmanical culture.

UNQUOTE:

So what is the truth about ASHWAMEDHA YAGNA?

The truth is the horse is NOT killed at all-- leave alone the queen having sexual intercourse with a dead horse's you know what..

A spirited horse is chosen , with white fur and no blemishes. A yagna ( Agnihotra homam ) is held BEFORE the horse sets out on a guided tour.

Ashwamedha yagna cannot be held by a mortal.  It is held by the king of Gods Indra.  It can only be done by a mortal king if he is commanded to do it by an avatar of Vishnu.

This tradition was broken by King Mahabali of Kerala. He was an asura ( demon ) king. The people of Kerala were very happy with this king as he was a wise and just ruler, and there was prosperity all over.  King Mahabali did the Ashwameda yagna.

This made Indra very jealous, as this was his prerogative, and nobody had the guts to kill the white Ashwamedha horse  of King Mahabali.

He prevailed on Aditi, his mother to convince Vishnu to correct this imbalance, where an Asura King could cock a snook at the King of Gods . Vishnu decided to intervene and took the 5th  avatar of Vamana --a blue faced Brahmin midget ( dwarf ) .
  
The Brahmin dwarf asked King Mahabali for alms-- a small grant of land.  The King told him that he can take as much land area as he wished, within his kingdom . But the midget wanted only three strides ( paces )  of land.

Immediately the kings advisor Sage Shukracharya who was a seer, advised his king NOT to agree to this request, as he suspected something amiss and was sure of foul play.

Mahabali being a very generous king, could NOT imagine going back on his word, during a divine sacrifice.

So he agreed to grant the boon of three paces of land. Vamana immediately assumed the gigantic form of Vishnu ( the Preserver lord ) and in the first two steps covered the whole of earth and cosmos.
  
Then he asked the king where he should keep his third step. The king bowed down on his knees and told him to place the third step on his head.

Before that he asked that he should be able to visit and bless his subjects once every year .

Vishnu granted this boon and placed his foot on Mahabali's head and instead of driving him underground to the netherworld , he sent him to heaven -- pleased with his righteousness.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY ALL MALAYALIS CELEBRATE ONAM -- THE DAY THE KING WILL COME EVERY YEAR.  

A CARPET OF FRESH FLOWERS IS LAID AT THE ENTRANCE OF EVERY HOUSE.  DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI MARKS THE VICTORY OF GODS , OR DEFEAT OF KING MAHABALI . 

DIWALI IS CELEBRATED BY THE WHOLE OF INDIA -- EXCEPT KERALA.





So why is the white horse on a guided tour?  This is the essence of Ashwameda.

The emperor seeks to check out if any of his vassal kings want to challenge his supreme authority— in public.

The horse is guided by the Emperor’s generals and chosen ministers . They generals follow the white horse on their own horses.

The horse with clanging bells is made to travel through the vassal kingdoms.  Any vassal king can kill the horse and thus declare war on the Emperor,  which will happen pretty soon.  If he just captures the horse, there may be room for negotiation.

The horse is even taken to enemy kingdoms, and there is “diplomatic immunity” for the Emperor’s men not the white horse. 

Any tough acting intentions are gauged out.

When the horse returns safe and sound, it means all is well-- and the emperor's supreme authority is unchallenged.  And all know it too.

In the POST Ashwamedha yagna all vassal kings are invited, and there are celebrations all around ,  for peace and prosperity  in future.  Soldiers go home to their families.


IN MODERN TERMS THIS IS LIKE A OPEN "CONFIDENCE " MOTION IN THE PARLIAMENT.

Getting back-


The great sage Kapila who, impressed by Suman's humble demeanor, told him that all sixty thousand uncles had been turned to ashes by his angry gaze when they tried to blame him for stealing the white Ashwamedha horse.  The horse was just hanging around near the meditating Maharishi.  



Kapila warned that the dead princes would not arrive in heaven by immersion of their ashes in just any river water. Only the celestial Ganga, which flows with its sacred water in the heavenly world, could provide salvation.


Time passed by and King Sagar died with a heavy   Suman was now the king, and he ruled his kingdom well. When old age crept upon him, he crowned his son Dileepa as king and proceeded to the Himalayas to undergo sever penances, to bring the Ganga down to the earth.  But he died before his penance bore fruit.
King Dileepa knew the last wishes of his father and grandfather . 

He performed many yagnas (fire ritual) on the advice of sages.  Pangs of sorrow at not being able to fulfill the family's aspiration infected him, and he fell ill.  Seeing that he was wasting away , he placed his son Bhagiratha on the throne; entrusting him with the mission of completing the task still left undone.

Bhagiratha soon handed the kingdom over to his prime minister and went to the Himalayas, performing terrible austerities for a long time  to draw the Ganga down from the skies. Eventually, humbled by the dogged dedication of the ascetic king, Ganga appeared in human form and agreed to purify the ashes of Bhagiratha's ancestors.




When Ganga agreed to bless the earth, a fear loomed. Will the unholy earth be able to withstand the mighty pressures of the descending waters ?.

To save the world from irreversible calamity, Bhagiratha prayed to Lord Shiva . Shiva assured Bhariratha that we would receive the impact on his matted locks -to enable the gushing waters to exhaust their, furious energy beforehand and then flow gently on earth..

The Ganga rushed fell in a mighty torrent onto Shiva's and calmed down in the passage through Lord Shiva’s  matted locks. The Mother Goddess fell upon the earth, in seven distinct streams: Hladini, Nalini and Pavani flowed east, Subhikshu, Sitha and Sindhu flowed west, and the seventh stream followed the chariot of Bhagiratha to the place where the ashes of his great-grandfathers lay in heaps- souls awaiting moksha .  

The Ganga flowed over the ashes of the 60,000 sons of King Sagar to deliver moksha , and usher the souls to the gilded gates of Vaikunta.. The celestial Ganga, is still falling from the heavens, timeless- gushing through Shiva's tangled locks, down to the earth, where sinners and worthy men alike flock to bathe in her waters and drink a gulpful .

Yesterday the Dwaraka Shankaracharya was blasted by the NEW WORLD ORDER foreign funded Indian main stream media for making a comment about Shirdi Sai Baba , whose photos were taken by the white invader--and is now been elevated to God .   





"Muslims would have had the same amount of faith in Sai Baba if he really was a symbol of unity between the Hindus and Muslims," Swami Swaroopanand had said.

India must NOT be arm twisted by NWO efforts to moth ball our immense coal reserves.  We must even keep a fleet of steam engines for trains primed and ready in case of diesel  fuel shortages.

Below: Fear mongering by R stooges about greenhouse gases , to make India stop using our enormous coal reserves.



People act as friends of the planet and they have such sinister agendas.  There are Trojan Horse environmentalist NGOs  who will say 9 things right —but the tenth thing will be a LIE and will hurt India.

Wanna know what the great savior of the planet Noam Chomsky says ?

"Suppose it was discovered tomorrow that the greenhouse effects has been way underestimated  and that the catastrophic effects are actually going to set in 10 years from now, and not 100 years from now or something.  Well, given the state of the popular movements we have today, we’d probably have a fascist takeover- with everybody agreeing to it, because that would be the only method for survival that anyone could think of.   I’d even agree to it, because there’s just no other alternatives right now." (Understanding Power, 388).



I want every Indian , whether he is Hindu, Muslim , Christian OR Pakistani, Bangladeshi, Indentured labour Indians scattered abroad by Rothschild—whatever.

NOBODY ON THIS PLANET CAN BE AS PROUD OF HIS PAST AND PRESENT HERITAGE AS YOU—THE REST ARE  ALL DIRT UNDER YOUR PROVERBIAL FINGERNAIL.. 

TILL 300 YEARS AGO, INDIA WAS THE RICHEST ON THIS PLANET AND THE WHITE INVADER ROBBED US BLIND AND CONVERTED US TO THE POOREST.  TODAY THESE IMMORAL PEOPLE SMIRK WHEN THEY SEE POOR INDIANS DEFECATING IN THE OPEN.

EVERY INDIAN MUSLIM, CHRISTIAN , SIKH , BUDDHIST, JAIN ETC WAS A HINDU BEFORE .

INDIANS CONVERTED FROM HINDUS TO OTHER RELIGIONS OUT OF FEAR ( SWORD ), GREED AND VULNERABILITY ( SOPS ) , AND BECAUSE OF FALSE VULGAR PROPAGANDA BY THE INVADERS WHICH MADE THEM SELF LOATHING.

THE WHITE INVADER SMIRKS , THAT HINDUS HAVE 33 CRORE GODS .  THIS IS THEIR IMMORAL INVENTION.

OUR HOLY TRINITY GODS OF BRAHMA/ VISHNU AND SHIVA ARE FORCE FIELDS ( PERSONALISED IN THE PURANAS  ).

THE ORIGINAL HINDU GOD IS BRAHMAN – THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD     —   UNSEEN ( LIKE ALLAH ) .

Punch into Google search-
PROUD TO BE INDIAN PROUD TO BE HINDU VADAKAYIL



The Ganges is much more that just a river. Is is a spiritual icon. It is as the core of Indian culture and ethos. 

The is nothing more welcome to a dying Hindu than a sip of ganga water at his last hour and having his ashes scattered in the holy river, which holds memory. 



Even if the river is polluted for the Hindu the Ganga water  is the ultimate symbol of purity, and holds the sacred power to purify anything it touches.   



Foreigners flock to the Varanasi ghats to enjoy the grand spiritual spectacle of evening aarti and leave with peace in their hearts, they have never experienced before . 



See this is the difference between religion and spirituality. The river weaves a magic wand of tranquility and peace that is hard to capture in words



As night falls, the famous Vishwanth temple reverberates to the timeless Sanskrit hymns --the inky waters of Ganges, illuminated with floating oil lamps, the sound of the temples bells and conches , cows ambling past homewards – it is something once seen,  it remains etched in your subconscious ,  never to be forgotten.



Why blow conches ?

Punch into Google search-

SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN VADAKAYIL


It is well known that the Ganga river carries the highest silt load of any river in the world and the deposition of this material in the delta region results in the largest river delta in the world (400 km from north to south and 320 km from east to west). 

So what do you call people who construct dams across this river without de-silting facility upstream in the reservoir.

Did NOT hear you!

Say again!

MAD CHOOTS !!

I agree with you.

The Ganges delta is fast shrinking. The reason is silt held back by dam reservoirs. A delta can form only where the sediment volume supplied from a river can overwhelm the local ocean energy (waves, tides, currents).  

Rivers are not only conduits of water.  They are a complex, moving systems carrying sediment, nutrients, organisms, ecosystems, energy, material and cultures in their wake.  Sediment retention  reduces the life of the dam, while starving the river and delta in the downstream of sediment. 

Sunderban is a unique ecosystem dominated by mangrove forests and gets its name from the Sundari trees. Sunderban is spread over 54 islands and two countries. It is one of the last preserves of the Bengal tiger and the site of a tiger preservation project..

The population of the Bengal tiger is dwindling.  The majestic Bengal tiger is even losing weight because of "stress" associated with environmental changes impacting their natural habitat in the Sunderban mangrove swamps.


Tigers in the Sunderbans are now lighter and their body parts smaller compared to a decade ago. Saline water ingress is ruining the Sunderbans.  Delta loss  has reduced the number of fresh water ponds which attract the tigers' main prey.

Under-fed and malnourished, tigers are now straying into human habitats in search of goats and cows.  We are given unsolicited bull by the global warming stooges of big brother that sea level is rising and deltas are getting swamped. 

The Bengal tiger is an expert swimmer.  This poor tiger has even lost the sheen of it fantastic fur, due to saline ingress .


Hey, how about the delta land level lowering due to loss of silt and sedimentation –leading to catastrophic sea level rise ?.



Why shift the blame from dams built by MAD CHOOTS which hold back silt to bullsh#t climate change?

The direct impacts of delta subsidence and effective seas level rise include inundation of coastal areas, saltwater intrusion into coastal aquifers, increased rates of coastal erosion, an increased exposure to storm surges. 

This is in addition to the threats to food security, livelihood security, water security for millions and a huge loss of biodiversity. These threats impact hundreds of millions of people who inhabit the delta regions as well as the ecologically sensitive and important coastal wetland and mangrove forests.

Food security does NOT mean giving free food to physically and mentally healthy people as an Italian waitress has done recently .  

It means allowing wisdom to flow ( which we Indians do NOT lack ) and do what is necessary to strike at the root of the problem— lowering of ground water levels, loss of coastal ground water aquifers, lowering of delta etc.

What do we call people who cannot make out if the land level is getting low or sea water level is rising?

Say again,  did NOT hear you!

MAD CHOOTS !!

You got it!!

What does the MAD MEN do in India when the dam reservoirs (without bottom sediment bypass tunnel ) get silted?

The CHOOTS  raise the level of this useless  dam!   --and they pretend this is a very normal thing.


Desilting a dam reservoir ( without silt removal inbuilt mechanism ) is an expensive and time consuming process.



Rothschild’s ships of the The British East India Co. used only Ganges water on its ships during their 100 day journey back to England, because it stayed "sweet and fresh." 

See R knows what it takes— have to grant the devil his due.




Narendra Modi must BAN plastics in a phased manner—
-- unless new plastic products are made for this planet ( by research ) using weak peptide bonds rather than strong and resilient carbon bond. .

Most plastics are derived from propylene, a simple chemical component of petroleum. When heated up in the presence of a catalyst, individual chemical units monomers of propylene link together by forming extremely strong carbon-carbon bonds with each other. This results in polymers long chains of monomers called polypropylene.

Nature doesn't make non-biodegradable things like that.


People who dump plastics in a mindless manner must be FINED heavily.  Rich people who can afford such fines, must be imprisoned.   But first keep plastic garbage bins on every street and along the river banks.

Below: Plastics take hundreds of years to biodegrade.



Below: Dam turbine blades broken up/ eroded by sharp sediments 

 

All that is required to prevent PLASTICS being thrown around carelessly which finds it way into rivers and water bodies is ONE SENTENCE OF FIAT and POLITICAL WILL from Narendra Modi.   

Taking huge loans with high interest from World Bank and IMF is NOT the solution.


Appeasement of SECULAR minorities running Kanpur tanneries is also NOT the solution. 

The source of river Yamuna is the Yamunotri Glacier at a height of 6,387 metres on the south western slopes of Banderpooch peaks in the uppermost region of the Lower Himalayas in Uttarakhand.

The Yamuna joins the sacred Ganga, at Allahabad, after traversing 1375 km.  Yamuna merges with the Ganges at Triveni Sangam, Allahabad, the site for the Kumbha Mela every twelve years

Though the Yamuna is the largest tributary of the Ganga, yet in long stretches, she flows like a small rivulet. The flow of the Yamuna cannot be termed as continuous.

Yamuna has four distinct flow patterns. Its first phase is from Yamunotri to the Tajewala barrage, 172 km. The second phase is from the Tajewala barrage to the Wazirabad barrage, 224 km. And the third phase is through Delhi, from the Wazirabad barrage to the Okhla barrage, 22 km. The final phase of the river is from the Okhla barrage till it converges into the Ganga, 958 km away at Allahabad.

Between the Wazirabad barrage and the Okhla barrage, the mighty Yamuna is converted into a filthy stinking  sewage drain.  

The water in the Yamuna river remains stagnant for almost nine months in a year thanks to the MAD CHOOTS.  

Hardly any rainwater harvesting to recharge groundwater aquifers  is done in Delhi, though the soil is conducive . 

More than 50% of the the colonies in Delhi are illegal, unregularized or unauthorized which discharges untreated sewage into the Yamuna.


For major part of the year, river Yamuna does not flow downstream of Wazirabad barrage as all the river water upstream of the barrage is ponded (harnessed) for water supply in Delhi.

Yamuna river is holy too because  it flows through Vrindavana and Mathura, connected with Lord Krishna.  



Krishna was born in a prison cell in Mathura and spent His childhood in Vrindavan. There are over 5,000 temples in Vrindavan.

Below: River Yamuna today !




While His father Vasudeva was crossing the Yamuna with baby Lord Krishna for a safe place at Gokula on the other bank of the river from Mathura, the Lord fell down in the river, and by the dust of His lotus feet the river at once became sanctified." (Srimad Bhagavatam 1.19.6) 4000 BC

Below: River Yamuna today ! which MAD CHOOT is responsible for this?



Dams have been touted to prevent flooding. But exactly the reverse has happened.

Dams, when overfull, may release much larger than natural amounts of water in very short periods, sometimes causing more damaging flooding than previously known in the river basin.

Carving out the state of Uttarakhand in Nov 2000 was a conspiracy to get kickbacks and mint money. The new State wanted to have surplus power, which could be sold off to other States, by doing foeticide up in the mountains.. The Tehri Dam built on unstableground is a sword of Damocles hanging on India.

During Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev's visit to India in November 1986, a Soviet economic aid package for India's nuclear program suddenly fell through due to Indian opposition in the form of Trojan horse NGOs funded from abroad.. As a result, Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Gorbachev signed an agreement on the Tehri Dam project. Let us see how long this silted up dam lasts.

The highly absorbent shale, customary in the valley, makes the slopes susceptible to frequent slides—which can trigger off a solition wave ( Tsunami ) .

The white invader was in the habit of rewarding their stooges by selling them dry unfertile land at throw away prices.   Then they would make those areas irrigable by building canal though them, and have these benefactors as their stooges for life.
The  desert lands to the west of Punjab were made cultivable by  canals and were allotted only to Sikhs residing in eastern Punjab at throw away prices. Check out the huge and vast tract of land known as 'Nilibar' irrigated by the Chenab Canal.

Check out the Nuevo rich Sikh farm owners cum farmers in the districts of Amritsar, Ludhiana, Ferozepur and adjoining areas. The most loyal stooges of the British got the canal zone lands free.  Tracts of land from 15 acres to 500 acres were doled out.

Canal networks  were dug at Upper Bari Doab, from river Ravi and lower Bari Doab as well from that River; the upper Chenab canal from Chenab river. The Shahpur Thal desert was irrigated by the canals taken from river Jhelum in upper Jhelum canal.

These irrigation projects covered entire lands which were previously arid deserts where not a blade of grass grew. These lands were made fit for agriculture from the Chenab river, 430 miles of canal were dug with  2293 miles of distributor channels, while 12,100 miles of the water course were taken.

Financial incentives were given to the most loyal British Sikh stooges. Recommendations from loyal Sikh Maharajas were acquiesced to.  Now you know the secrets of 15 gun and 21 gun salutes and how Sikh Maharajas were found fit to visit king George in England.

These channels irrigated 2.6 million acres of land.  It was at the cost of 350 Lakh rupees ( a fortune in those days ) and the initial yearly value of the crop yielded over 900 lakh rupees -- every paise earned by the loyal Sikh farmers.

Posts for loyal Sikhs were reserved in the Army and in the civil services to be filled exclusively by baptized Sikhs, the Tat Khalsa.   The land owning Brahmins now depended on Sikhs who became the new Zamindars.

The Sikhs held the money,  they were allowed to carry swords , they got the ear of Rothschild -   they were the new tough guys on the block .


There is something known as R.I.S. or Reservoir Induced Seismicity-- the effects of a large body of water on a geologic fault, in an area prone to earthquakes.

When a dam is built and the reservoir filled with water, the amount of pressure exerted on the earth in that area changes dramatically. When the water level of a reservoir is raised, pressure on the underlying ground increases; when the water level is lowered, the pressure decreases. This fluctuation can stress the delicate balance between tectonic plates beneath the surface, possibly causing them to shift. 

Another factor is the water itself. When the water pressure increases, more of it is forced into the ground, filling cracks and crevices. All of this water pressure can expand those cracks and even create new, tiny ones in the rock, causing greater instability below ground. What's more, as the water sinks deeper, it can act as sort of a lubricant for rock plates that are being held in place by friction alone. The lubrication can cause those plates to slip. 

China's leviathan Three Gorges Dam,is built over the Jiuwanxi and the Zigui-Badong fault lines. Reservoir-induced seismicity (RIS) is most likely to occur within a few years, even a decade after initial filling of a dam reservoir to its highest level, due to the time it takes for reservoir water to penetrate deep into seismic faults and fissures before it triggers seismic activity. 

A 2010 study revealed seismic monitors around the Three Gorges Dam reservoir and in Hubei Province registered 3,429 earthquakes between June of 2003 (when inundation of the reservoir began) and December 31, 2009: a 30-fold increase in seismic frequency over the pre-dam period. 

The earthquakes and water-level fluctuations in the reservoir have increasingly destabilized surrounding slopes, leading to 430 landslides. China has already lost 28,000 of its estimated 50,000 rivers within a few decades, according to the first national water census carried out in 2013. China is a poor role model.


The 6.3 magnitude 1967 Koynanagar Earthquake occurred in Maharashtra, India with its epicenter, fore- and aftershocks all located near or under the Koyna Dam reservoir. 180 people died and 1,500 were left injured. The effects of the earthquake were felt 230 km away in Mumbai with tremors and power outages.

The most ridiculous thing is that newspaper are reporting that anyone spitting into ganges or dumping waste could be looking at up to 3 years in jail or a fine of Rs 10,000 .  

Nonsense, with a capital N . 

Spitting in Ganga is NOT bad for Ganga.  Dumping of organic wastes like flowers , paper or lighted clay diyas with veg oil/ ghee is NOT bad for Ganga.  

Dumping non-biodegradable plastics and bio-accumulative toxic tannery chemicals is bad for ganga.

  
When a river is stilled behind a dam, the sediments it contains sink to the bottom of the reservoir. As the sediments accumulate in the reservoir, so the dam gradually loses its ability to store water for the purposes for which it was built.  

Apart from rapidly filling their reservoirs, sediment–filled rivers also cause headaches for dam operators due to the abrasion of turbines and other dam components.

The efficiency of a turbine is largely dependent upon the hydraulic properties of its blades, just as an aeroplane depends on the aerodynamic properties of its wings. A plane with a damages wing willNOT be able to take off. 

 The erosion and cracking of the tips of turbine blades by water–borne sand and silt considerably reduces their generating efficiency and can require expensive repairs.  Mudslides caused by earthquakes and flash floods like what happened at Uttarachal can have a dramatic and unpredictable effect on reservoir sedimentation.

Once a dam reservoir is silted is loses power generation capacity, loses water by evaporation and is then called a WHITE ELEPHANT DAM.



Engineers have been aware of the problem for centuries.  A dam built in Spain in 1394 is still operating because it was built with a gate at its base so that silt and sediment can be flushed out . Some modern dams, including the giant Three Gorges Dam in China, incorporate similar systems.

The people responsible for planning white elephant dams in India must be punished.

The Kallanai (also known as the Grand Anicut) is an ancient dam built across the Kaveri River in Tiruchirapalli District in the state of Tamil Nadu.   Located at a distance of 15 km from Tiruchirapalli, the dam was originally constructed by the Chola king Karikala around the 2nd Century AD,  and is THE oldest dam in the world which is still in use.  About 15,000 Singala speaking slaves from Sri Lanka were used for labour.  Kaveri river is clear and has NO silt.




The Three Gorges Dam of China is the world's largest power station in terms of installed capacity (22,500 MW).  Coupling the dam's 32 main turbines with two smaller generators (50 MW each) to power the plant itself, the total electric generating capacity of the dam is 22,500 MW. The main generators weigh about 6,000 tonnes each and are designed to produce more than 700 MW of power.  On completion, the reservoir flooded a total area of 632 square kilometres of land.




Hydroelectric dams are the number one source of methane gas emissions caused by humans.  Methane gas contributes much more to climate change then carbon dioxide.  

India must NOT be arm twisted by the western nations into moth balling our enormous reserves of coal.   India has more than 310 billion metric tonnes of coal.  We must use them as and when we feel like.   Earth’s climate is dominated by water, not carbon dioxide.

As the oceans warm, they release CO2 into the atmosphere. Climate change is dominated by changes in the water cycle, driven by solar and gravitational forces, and carbon dioxide plays only a minor role.

Punch into Google search-

THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING VADAKAYIL



Kumbh Mela ritual bathing by millions of devotees , increases the population of bacteriophages in the river.

Punch into Google search-

KUMBH MELA , THE MOTHER OF ALL PILGRIMAGES VADAKAYIL

 

Bathing in the Ganges river is deeply interlinked with the Hindu concept of Moksha.


Punch into Google search-

MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL

India and Bali are the last pockets on earth of spirituality.   Spirituality is different from religion.

Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines—the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT stamp out this amazing way of life..

Hindusim is NOT a religion, it is the practise of spirituality by elevating human consciousness in the personal quest for truth.

India and Bali are the last pockets of spirituality on this planet. Why do you think the spirituality seeking white man goes to these places in droves?

These foreigners can comprehend that Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith -- unless the faith is an extension of reason.

Hindusim is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme the brahmAn. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( Dharma ).

Islam and Christianity are religions. These religions had Inquisitions.

Jews were too busy following their VULGAR and racist Talmud.

Ahimsa ( non-violence ) even vegetarianism , is a characteristic of Hinduism—due to which vile foreign invaders took advantage..

What the waitress calls SAFFRON TERROR -- is just the hindus making a free choice NOT to be cowards anymore and giving back as good as they got.

Today when a patient and tolerant Hindu gets outraged and decides to retaliate, rivers of blood flows on the streets .

Hinduism can never dream of all this for openness and inclusivity is the essence of Hinduism.

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.

Hinduism has a total lack of compulsions.  You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.

The diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta are mindboggling.

Loaded truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters the world through a single agent: for example, Abraham in Judaism, Jesus Christ in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam.

These truths are then recorded in scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran.    In the Hindu tradition, by utter contrast, there is no single revelation.

The Hindu spirituality tradition , unlike other religions -- has always concerned itself with the “human” situation rather than the “our religion “ situation.

Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual- and NOT what is being told as gospel in a holy book .  

The Hindu uses his conscience programmed into his DNA.  There is NO poverty in heart and soul.

Ask the Jews—they will say India is the only place where they never got persecuted over thousands of years—they always ran here for refuge.

The reason ?

This country had denizens steeped in spirituality — NOT religious bigots.  Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed.

Yet today foreign funded Indian TV calls all Hindus bigots – what a joke !.

I AM LUCKY TO BE BORN IN INDIA — HAVING SEEN WHAT THE REST OF THIS PLANET HAS TO OFFER FOR 40 YEARS .!

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

 

In the video above the Naga sadhus cry out HAR HAR MAHADEV.   Their warrior ancestors gave the invader Muslims a tough time.

Mahadev is Lord Shiva !

Who is Lord Shiva ?  

No he is NOT an Aghori or a corpse eater, the immoral west and their Indian stooges has painted him to be.

An Indian writer by the name of Amish Tripathi has been named by R controlled Forbes to be among the top 100 celebrities in India twice in a row, in 2012 and 2013, for converting Lord Shiva into a sex starved mortal tribal.

See there are rewards if you can denigrate Hinduism and make the Hindu self loathing. 

Hinduism has survived and will survive.

Punch into Google search-
LORD SHIVA, SHIVA LINGAM, DANCE OF SHIVA VADAKAYIL


The FAKE  Krittivasa Ramayana, was an R sponsored book how king Bhagiratha, who brought the sacred river Ganga from heaven to earth, was born out of LESBIAN  SEXUAL UNION  of two widows .

These POISON FILLED Sanskrit and Bengali texts ridiculously explain that his name Bhagiratha comes from the word bhaga (vulva), because he was born of two vulvas.   

The R sponsored Krittivasi Ramayan is attributed to a back dated  to 15th century  Bengali poet Krittibas Ojha.  It is supposed to be a translation of the Ramayana into Bengali, which represents the first translation of the Ramayana into any North Indian language other than Sanskrit.  The current edited and abridged version of the epic is attributed to a R stooge Jaygopal Tarkalankar and was published in 1834.  

Sri Sri Ravishankar has become a darling of the west after he said that homosexuality is sanctioned by Hinduism.    When asked about homosexuality, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, founder of the international Art of Living movement, said, “Every individual has both male and female in them. Sometimes one dominates, sometimes other; it is all fluid.”

Today they are making out the FAKE Kamasutra ( translated by Richard Burton) and “supposed to be written “ by FAKE Vatsayana as a sexual text about Krishna and his FAKE mistress Radha ..   

Here is a sample-
QUOTE :  For erring men, the Kama Sutra recommends this evergreen rule: 
A lady, however shy or furious she may be, cannot ignore a man falling at her feet, this is a universal rule (meaning not restricted by time, place or context). (3.2.11) 
Indeed, this was the very manner in which Lord Krishna, even after having sported with another female the whole night, managed to extract forgiveness from his beloved Radha.: UNQUOTE .

Jaipur literary fest attended by  India’s moth eaten faced pseudo intellectuals always have a discussion of Vatsayana’s  Kamasutra.

Probably my next post may be on the FAKE poison injected Kamasutra written by the FAKE Vatsayana—translated by Rothschild’s employee in British East India Company Richard Francis Burton, for which he was knighted within two years by the queen of England.

The immoral white man even threw Lord Shiva’s  vahana Nandi the bull into the perverted works.  They wrote than Nandi eaves dropped and did a peeping tom while Lord Shiva has sexual intercourse with his  wife Parvati.  

If you can trash Hinduism like this— our foreign funded Indian TV will give you uninterrupted space on primetime, and you get an invite to R sponsored literary fests.




Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .

This blog post is incomplete unless you read the following two posts .

Punch into Google search-
INTERLINKING RIVERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL


and

VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING VADAKAYIL


So PM Narendra Modi really wants to clean up the holy Ganga?

I know Modi will read this—so here is a direct message.

FIRST CLEAN UP THE SOURCE OF THE GANGES. 

BY THIS I DO NOT MEAN TO CLEAN UP THE HOLE IN THE GROUND AT GAUMUKH .

I MEAN SWEEP INTO THE GARBAGE BIN,  THE FALSE LEGEND OF BHAGHIRATI --

-- THAT HE WAS CONCIEVED OUT OF LESBIAN SEXUAL UNION OF TWO VULVAS OF THE FAKE KRITTIVASA RAMAYANA ( PROPAGATED BY R STOOGES  EVR PERIYAR AND BR AMBEDKAR) .

HINDUSIM HAS TAKEN ENOUGH OF NONSENSE  FROM FOREIGN RELIGIONS AND THEIR FUNDED INDIAN STOOGES  .


ENOUGH IS ENOUGH !
*********************************************************************
KAMASUTRA BY VATSYAYANA , IMMORAL SEXUAL PERVERSION INJECTED BY SIR RICHARD FRANCIS BURTON – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SIR RICHARD FRANCIS BURTON,  THE  IMMORAL HOMOSEXUAL USED BY GENERAL SIR CHARLES NAPIER AS A PEEPING TOM AGENT IN KARACHI BROTHELS HOLDING TRANSGENDERS AND MINOR BOYS , TO ADVERSELY ENDORSE THE SERVICE REPORTS OF HIS WHITE BRITISH TROOPS---


Fellow explorer rival John Hanning Speke killed (bullet behind left armpit ) for revealing that his  partner Burton was a homosexual , and a day before he would reveal in a mutual debate to British Geographical Association at Bath that Burton’s exploration account of Nile river is packed with lies.


RICHARD FRANCIS BURTON , THE MAN WHO COMPILED AND TRANSLATED THE FAKE KAMASUTRA, THE IMMORAL MAN WHO GOT HIMSELF SECRETLY CIRCUMCISED TO VISIT  MECCA AS A “CHRISTIAN”. 


BURTON THE COLD BLOODED MURDERER WHO KILLED A SMALL BOY WHO SAW HIM PASSING URINE WHILE STANDING UP INSTEAD OF LOCAL CUSTOM OF SQUATTING. AND BOASTED ABOUT IT TOO 




Above:  SIR Richard Francis Burton . He may have known several other languages -  but he has NIL , repeat NIL , repeat zilch knowledge of Sanskrit.


WARNING :  PRUDES AND CHILDREN LESS ( THAN 18 ) ARE NOT ALLOWED TO READ THIS EXPLICIT POST.


"Chathushshashtyaa Thanthraihi Sakalamathisandhaaya Bhuvanam
Sththithisthaththathsiddhiprasavaparathanthraihi Pashupathihi!
Punasthvannirbandhaadakhilapurushaarthaikaghatanaa
Swathanthram They Thanthram Kshithithalamavaatheetharadidam!"


"Shiva at first remained satisfied after giving to the world, the sixty-four tantras which expound practices conferring only one or another of the various psychic powers and worldly fulfillments. Afterwards, on Thy special insistence, He revealed this Thy own tantra to the world, independent of all the others and capable of conferring all the four aspirations of men-   dharma,    artha,  kama and moksha." ( Saundarya Lahari Verse 31 _ Adi Shankaracharya 2000 BC )


For introducing sexual perversion to India the queen of England , knighted a rogue British East India Company employee, two years after he translated the FAKE Kamasutra , injected with sexual perversion and immoral innuendo.

India was ruled by R , the owner of British East India Company , and NOT the queen of England or the British Parliament as is generally believed .

During the British Raj, Christian missionaries were allowed a free run.  Their main thrust was to make the Hindu self loathing for easier conversions to Christianity.  They found out that the Hindu faith was so strong that even poor and vulnerable Hindus rejected sops.

They were successful in converting Hindusim into a religion practices by savages , who did animal and human sacrifices,  and had immoral sexual practices .

A incident made them double their efforts.

In 1839, Capt TS Burt , an engineer of the British East India Company stumbled on to some huge stone block structures in a dense forest infested with wild animals and snakes. 

It was getting dark, so he came back the next day with a huge work force to clear the thicket , and what they saw struck the wind out of their sails. They were least prepared for a sight, out of this world. In an area of 9 square miles they found 85 vandalized temples, of which 25 were partially intact. 

Amazing erotic sculptures lay shattered everywhere with hammers .

The Chandela Rajput Dynasty who built these temples in the forest above belonged to the Tantric Vamachara of left handed branch of Hinduism.  This was also a time when many young Hindu warriors were becoming celibate Buddhist monks. 

The ancient Indian kings in all their practical wisdom realized this and made all those Hindu temples with erotic stone statues with amazing sexual content, to wean away a potential yogi who could have been a soldier or a farmer or a husband..


If you visit the famous Khajuraho temples less than 15% of the sculptures are sexual . The rest depict other aspects life.

There are two ways to a goal.   An acceptable to society front door entry and an unacceptable and maybe more pleasurable back door entry.   Vamachara  Tantric branch took this faster back door entry. The goal was cosmic consciousness.

None of the erotic sculptures were inside the temple—all of them were outside , which meant to a perceptive man that these practices outside had NO place inside the temple.

Some of these sculptures were vulgar and immoral.   The most severe punishment ( beheading )  was also included . 



Later over time the white invader cleverly removed the punishments sculptures and retroinstalled more of perverted sculptures in their missing places in the missing slots.  They introduced homosexuality and bestiality too.

Much later they created their own FAKE Hindu saints and back dated them over brandy and cigars.  For example FAKE Swami Ramanuja used to preach in front a bestial sex stone mural ( a dog servicing a woman ) at Srirangam which the saint Ramanuja found very very normal.

Below: The immoral white invaders BACKDATED gift to Hinduism.




A whole load of Indophiles  landed in India, re-writing history--pretending to know Sanskrit.  




They all pretended to be friends of the Hindu man, but actually ALL of them were double agents except a few.




The immoral white man had written over brandy and cigars , seconded by their Indian stooges like EVR Periyar and BR Ambedkar that Nandi the bull , the vahana ( vimana ) of Lord Shiva was the ORIGINAL author of KAMASUTRA.

These vulgar men wrote that one of Nandi’s pastimes was to listen to pillow talk between Lord Shiva and his wife Goddess Parvati—and that Nandi was a peeping tom.

Punch into Google search-
NANDI BULL, VAHANA AND GATEKEEPER OF LORD SHIVA VADAKAYIL

We Hindus have been so tolerant that anybody can say anything about our religion. WE EVEN HAVE Sri Sri Ravishankar stating that homosexuality is accepted in Hinduism.   

All benami foreign owned TV channels were saying that a FULL CHAPTER IN Kamasutra deals with homosexuality—how to do gay fellatio , anal penile penetration and gay analingus.

Let me tell this very clearly— Kamasutra was sritten by Maharishi Vatsa . His name is NOT Vatsyayana.

And the conversations between Lord Shiva and Parati had nothing to do with clean sex or perverted sex. It was about 108 forms of meditation ( dharana or centering techniques ) to achieve cosmic consciousness—and is called VIGYAN BHAIRAVA TANTRA.   

Tantra does NOT mean sex—it just means method.   Bhairava is “ beyond consciousness “—a NO MIND STATE.

Vigyan Bhaiva Tantra was penned down 7000 years ago.  

For thousand of years our Hindu scriptures came down by the sruti or oral route in Sanskrit verses. The Maharishis who handed our scriptures down ( including Kamasutra and Vigyan Bhairava tantra ) has 12 strand DNAs and king sized pineal glands. 

They had extraordinary brainpower and for thousands of years the Vedas and scriptures was passed down without losing a word. Maharishi Vatsa ( not Vatsyayana or Vatsya ) mastered all the Vedas at the age of 16.

After some time in 5000 BC, the maharishis decided the write the scriptures down as the DNA started getting degraded.  Our Hindu gods have  extra strands of DNA which gave them extraordinary powers. 

Today the human body is so degraded that we all have 2 strand DNA with shriveled and calcified pineal glands and we have lost the powers which the Maharishis and Gods had.  

Adi Shankaracharya was the last mortal on this planet to have 12 strand DNA, 4000 years ago—and he mastered the Vedas at a very young age of 6. It was he who started the 4 original Hindu mutts and gave away the Vedas and Upanishads in the safekeeping of the Kerala Namboodiris to 4 other parts of India-the Yajurveda being kept at Sringeri Mutt in Karnataka.

What is a sutra?

Sutras are directives or memory-jogs for adepts, is the form of short, maxims in prose. Most are coded and are difficult to understand without a commentary made by a perceptive man.

Definitions of a sutra in Indian literature is itself a sutra and comes from the Vayu Purana:

alpākṣaraṃ asandigdhaṃ sāravad viśvatomukham
astobhaṃ anavadyaṃ ca sūtram sūtravido viduḥ

Of minimal syllabary, unambiguous, pithy, comprehensive, continuous, and without flaw: who knows the sutra knows it to be thus.

Getting back – Vigyan Bhaiva Tantra starts with a question from Devi regarding the nature of reality. She asked Shiva about Universe, about fundamental nature of this world, how one can go beyond space and time to understand this truth. 

The book is all about Shiva’s answers to Devi’s  queries.  He does not tell her what is. He goes on and on giving her different dharanas.

The book starts with Parvati asking her husband Lord Shiva -
O Shiva, what is your reality?
What is this wonder-filled universe?
What constitutes seed?
Who centers the universal wheel?
What is this life beyond form pervading forms?
How may we enter it fully, above space and time, names and descriptions?
Let my doubts be cleared!

She is NOT asking him about how to lick an purulent as$hole or suck a syphilitic di#k or slimy methods to steal another man’s wife .  

Single messiah/ holy book readers will NOT understand the ramifications of Lord Shiva’s replies, as it is in such a loft plane.  

It is NOT a dialogue between a Guru and shishya—but a dialogue between two lovers—and hence is refreshingly incisive, where the BEYOND IS EXPRESSED.  

You need not be a woman to be a disciple, but you need to be in a feminine attitude of receptivity. 

Philosophy ( every fu#kin’ philosophy is a lie ) is concerned with the mind and the brain is enough; your totality is not required. Tantra needs you in your totality, your every cell among trillions .

Lord Shiva gives his wife Parvati most profound methods of centering oneself using a lover ( this is NOT sex) , achieving pure awareness, quantum entrainment, consciousness , prana amplification , focusing the mind like a laser beam, the meaning of OM,  channeling the breath for Nitric oxide boost, the alpha / theta frequency states,  nadis,  bindu of Sri Yantra geometry , shabda brahman, advaita brahmAn , raising kundalini, the chakras, mudras, tattwas, delusions of Maya, core of Shakti etc etc -

The modern man is NOT intelligent enough or perceptive enough to understand the ancient Tantra—which has been reduced to sex and perversion.  Tantra stands for deep experiences. Anything experienced can be transcended; anything suppressed can never be transcended.

If at all sex is involves it is only to achieve purity. A small child is NOT aware that he is stealing . He is NOT aware of his nakedness. This is why we Hindus do NOT cremate our young children who die. They do NOT have egos . 

Lord Mahavira was NOT aware of his body. The sages who come naked for Kumbhmela are NOT aware of their nakedness. 

Their minds are not harnessed by laws . Tantra transcends the mind and accept the whole of the human in complete totality .  Mind is an order and it lives with deﬁnitions and disciplines..

One of Lord Shiva’ methods of PURE AWARENESS in Vigyan Bhairava tantra is used at Sabarimala—the world’s largest pilgrimage centre where people worship Lord Ayyappa , the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu. 

Mind you, our Sri Sri Ravishankar came on TV and said that Lord Ayyappa is the product or a homosexual union between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu. Is this man a friend of Hinduism ? Why is this man cultivated by our foreign funded TV channels ? .

Punch into Google search-
SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, THREE LIGHT FLASHES , VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT  VADAKAYIL

Getting back to Vigyan Bhairava tantra--

Shiva tells Parvati –take your pick-- he tells her to choose anyone of the 108 methods. Yoga is suppression with awareness; tantra is indulgence with awareness, and this morbid modern world is NOT ready for this with their 97% junk DNA , perverted minds and pathetic egos.

Tantra method is to be aware of the desire , NOT to create any ﬁght, but to move in desire with full consciousness,and only then you can transcend it.  Yoga is outgoing energy, while tantra is energy moving inwards. Tantra is about depth, while yoga is about height.

I want my readers to switch on to the TV and listen to one holy book evangelists who are full of mindless and ridiculous rhetoric, trying to put you into a guilt trap . They will read out a verse and then go on and on for the next one hour explaining things which has absolutely nothing to do with the verse which was read out. 

The devil creates sin and God creates the devil. Then who is the real sinner – the satan or God? Listen for 100 hours each- and make up your own minds if it was worth listening even for a minute. I have done this !

The book Kamasutra translated by Sir Richard Francis Burton is filled with stuff lifted from a sex manual written by Kalyana malla in the 15th or 16th century for Lad Khan, son of Ahmed Khan Lodi.  

This author lifted some gems from the original KAMA sext written in Sanskrit sutras by Maharishi Vatsa plus many other shady authors who had previously written such sex manuals for ancient kings

 —basically adding masala to the original text of wisdom penned by the noble Maharishi Vatsa .  

What Maharishi Vatsa wrote was essentially  a GRIHASTA manual for a man to enjoy his life from the age of 25 to 50,  after passing the BRAHMACHARYA ( celibate ) stage up to age 25..  The main thrust was that there should be NO divorce and a couple should be compatible. 

To this extent the original sutras of Maharishi Vatsa gave broad hints on G SPOT SEX ,  rather than CLITORAL SEX to procreate .  

There is NIL pornographic perversion like homosexuality, oral sex, anal sex, cunniligus, sex with prostitutes/ transgenders , sex with many women, seducing other people’s wives , pre-marital sex, sexual pain torture etc

Richard Francis Burton had a flaw in his character and lacked integrity. 

First of all he did NOT know Sanskrit.  He went around collecting certificates of merit for knowing a particular language .  Burton lied when he said that he translated the Kamasutra.

He knew that his lie would be exhumed in due course and he gave instructions to his wife to burn everything the day he died—so there goes all our ancient Sanskrit texts in smoke.  All we have is people like Wendy Doniger vouching that she read copies of the original book by Maharishi Vatsa.  

All of them date the FAKE “Mallanaga Vatsayana” ( sic) within around 1800 years.  Sorry, Kama was a pillar along with Dharma , Moksha and Artha . There was NO need to ignore the 4th pillar for such a long time.

Some vulgar white historians even converted mallanaga to be the prophet of the Asuras , over brandy and cigar .

TEE HEEEEE !

To make the Kamasutra book a recent one they tried to use some historical data. See how can be book be so old when it mentions of King Satakarni Satavahana, the king of Kuntal, who killed his wife Malayevati while having Kamasutra sex using S&M ( sadism and macho )  ? 

Pray ? 

Prithee ?



A reference to the Satavahanas kingom by the Greek traveler Megasthenes 2300 years ago, indicates that they possessed 100,000 infantry, 1,000 elephants, and had more than 30 well built fortified towns:

Next come the which possesses numerous villages, and thirty towns defended by walls and towers, and which supplies its king with an army of 100,000 infantry, 2,000 cavalry, and 1,000 elephants.—Plin. Hist. Nat. VI. 21. 8–23. 11., quoting Megasthenes.

And then the muffs screwed it up totally by stating that Varahamihira ( Mihira Muni ), in the eighteenth chapter of his "Brihatsanhita", discusses of the science of love, and that it was  borrowed largely from Vatsyayana ( sic ) on the subject.  

The muffs dated Varahamihira to the 6th century, and therefore triangulated Vatsayana on the time scale .

But hey, we Indians know about Mahrishi Varahamihira ( 2660 BC ) and we do NOT need lectures on him--his books were devoid of sex .

Punch into Google search-

MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL 

Lord Krishna mentions Maharishi Vatsa in the Bhagavad Gita, 6000 years ago.

The muffs went around saying that Susruta Samhita has treatment procedures for teeth marks on penis caused due to vigorous fellatio !  They even gave a Sanskrit name for fellatio.

This takes the cake. 

The more ancient books thrown in for authenticity , the merrier- right ?

Wrong !

The muffs are talking about the father of surgery— he was NOT a sex doctor.

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

The immoral muffs write that Sushruta Samhita mentions the possibility of two lesbian women uniting and becoming pregnant as a result of the mingling of their sexual fluids.  It states that the child born of such a union will be "boneless."  Such a birth is indeed described in the FAKE Krittivasa Ramayana of Bengal –and the offspring is Bhagirathi , who brought down Ganges to the earth.

The lying muffs wrote about the liberal Hindu heritage ,where Kama Sutra, devotes a whole chapter to homosexual sex saying "it is to be engaged in and enjoyed for its own sake as one of the arts.".

Oh yeah ?

Homosexual anal and oral sex as art ?

How many chapters were there for bestial sex ?


Besides providing a detailed sordid description of oral sex between men, Kama Sutra categorizes men who desire other men as "third nature" and refers to long-term unions between men . Oh yeah ?  Immoral lies of a historians of the white race debauched in homosexuality and their Indian stooges.

When asked about homosexuality, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, founder of the international Art of Living movement, said, “Every individual has both male and female in them. Sometimes one dominates, sometimes other; it is all fluid.”

Oh boy !


This man who is sponsored by all Indian TV channels on prime time, deserves a Nobel prize for this divine TRIPLE SRI earth shaking—nay—cosmos shaking revelation.

The lying muffs wrote that the Kama Sutra clearly describes third-gender men assuming both masculine and feminine identities as well as both receptive and dominant sexual roles.  Oh yeah? How many chapters were devoted to hijras that by Maharishi Vatsa.   

By the way there is a GOTRA in Hinduism by the name of Vatsa.   Maharishi Vatsa’s father is Maharishi Kautsa .  

Vatsa married Samvritha the daughter of Maharishi Utadhya. The name of Maharishi Vatsa appears in the Vedas as the commentator of Gautam sutra of Nyaya darshan . 

Maharishi Vatsa was one of the descendants of Bhrigu Kul.   This noble and learned Maharishi is NOT gonna write about anal sex with hijras, oral homosexual sex etc . 

Are we stupid ?  

Looks like we are , for trusting the vulgar western historian who did NOT even spare Nandi the bull.


The muffs did NOT even spare the ancient book Panchatantra.

They firmly content that these stories are homosexual in nature. They say the collection is divided into five books, three of which deal with same-sex friendship ( between animals and birds TEE HEEEEE !).

The animals/ birds  portrayed with such deep same-sex friendships support each other and are frequently willing to die for each other; they are not simply acquaintances. Due to these facts, is extremely unclear whether or not the text intentionally promotes homosexual relationships.

Oh Boy!

SNIFF !

I must cry now !

BOO HOOOOOOOOO !

Punch into Google search-
SUPER PANCHATANTRA  VADAKAYIL


These muff western historians are not only immoral—they are downright stupid.




Let me now take do fast forward and take this to the highest notch-

The immoral muffs , have equated the primacy of oral sex among those of the same sex with the importance of food consumption in the Vedas, Brahmanas ( sic !) , and Upanishads.  In the case of oral sex, the consumption of bodily fluids equates to the consumption of food.

The vulgar muffs write that a whole chapter in Kamasutra is devoted to seducing and getting away-- nay –melting away after fornicating with other men's wives.  Sorry, noble Maharshi Vatsa will never ever write such a immoral chapter.

No wonder the western nations are debauched , decadent and full of perverted homosexuals. Serve them right for having such high divorce rates and live in relationships which last 3 failed sexual sessions.  When you have jaundice you see the whole cosmos yellow.


I once had the misfortune of reading the conversations about Vatsyayana’s Kamasutra , at the Jaipur literary fest in end January 2013 by some moth eaten faced pseudo intellectuals . The least I talk about their perception and IQ the better .

The FAKE Radha, the mistress of Lord Krishna is also a hot subject in every literary fest.  Radha was a back dated invention of the vulgar white invader.  Radha is NOT mentioned in any Indian scripture. Till the white invader came to India no one even heard of Radha.  

The earliest text to mention Radha by name is the FAKE poem Geet Govind by the FAKE poet Jayadeva back dated to the twelfth century— more than four thousand years after the life of Krishna.  


Jayadeva’s fake composition GITA GOVINDA was back dated to 1200 AD— to convince us that the white man was NOT involved – exactly the way they have created the FAKE mutts and the FAKE dasa series.. This fake poem depicts the divine love of Krishna, and his FAKE consort, Radha. This poem,tells all that the FAKE Radha is greater than Hari ( Lord Vishnu )




Burtons FAKE book Kamasutra was penned by an Indian archaeologist, Bhagwanlal Indraji ( good in Sanskrit and Gujarati ) with the assistance of a two in one student, Shivaram Parshuram Bhide ( who has an MA in Sanskrit and English ) in 1885.   Burton's friend, the Indian civil servant Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot provided the logistic support.

Forster Fitzgerald Arbuthnot Arbuthnot's was the Collector for the Bombay government.  He was named after his grandfather, and Rothschild’s  man Field Marshal Sir John FitzGerald.  He collaborated with his close friend Sir Richard Burton in the translations of Kamasutra .

In April 1998 former president Bill Clinton was handed a copy of the poison injected Kamasutra as he did a walk-about with Canadian Prime Minister Jean Cretien after the Summit of the Americas in Santiago, Chile. He deserves that book.

Below: This is the Ananda Ranga Version-- whose originals manuscripts were burnt by the wife of Richard Francis Burton along with the original Kama Sutra manuscripts.  Even hardcore Clinton looks embarrassed for it contains dirty details of homosexual sex 



Richard Francis Burton stayed in my hometown Calicut in the month of Sept 1847.  He came from Nilgiri hills to board a ship to Bombay from Calicut.   We know him well.   Later I will give some details about this immoral rogue.

Richard Francis Burton translated the Kama Sutra of Vatsayana (1883) and The Ananga Ranga (1885),

The Ananga Ranga ( Stage of Love ) or Kamaledhiplava ( Boat in the Sea of Love ) is an perverted sex manual written by Kalyana malla. The poet wrote the sex manual for Lad Khan, son of Ahmed Khan Lodi ( Lodi dynasty, ruled from Delhi from 1451 to 1526 ).

The book contains various sexual poses of a Muslim invader king showing his phallus and the vagina  — NOT a ancient Hindu.

Richard Francis Burton did NOT know about vatsayana . He says that while translating with the pundits the 'Anunga ranga, or the stage of love,' reference was frequently found to be made to one Vatsya ( sic !).  

The sage Vatsa was of this opinion, or of that opinion. The sage Vatsa said this, and so on. Naturally questions were asked who the sage was, and the pundits replied that Vatsya was the author of the standard work on love in Sanskrit literature, that no Sanskrit library was complete without his work, and that it was most difficult now to obtain in its entire state.

The copy of the manuscript obtained in Bombay was defective, and so the pundits wrote to Benares, Calcutta and Jeypoor (sic ) for copies of the manuscript from Sanskrit libraries in those places. Copies having been obtained, they were then compared with each other, and with the aid of a Commentary called 'Jayamangla' a revised copy of the entire manuscript was prepared, and from this copy the English translation was made.

The following is the certificate of the chief pundit:—( I hope Richard Francis Burton got it on stamp paper and got it signed in front of a Rothschild’s magistrate-  TEE HEEEEEE ! )

"The accompanying manuscript is corrected by me after comparing four different copies of the work. I had the assistance of a Commentary called 'Jayamangla' for correcting the portion in the first five parts, but found great difficulty in correcting the remaining portion, because, with the exception of one copy thereof which was tolerably correct, all the other copies I had were far too incorrect. However, I took that portion as correct in which the majority of the copies agreed with each other."

The ancient Hindu tradition sees life as a spiritual journey, with each and every aspect governed by one or more of the following motives:

1). Dharma: Virtuous living.

2). Artha: Material prosperity.

3). Kama: Gratification of the human senses. This does NOT mean a perverted sexual orgy.

4). Moksha: Liberation from the endless cycle of rebirths .

Maharishi Manu took the “Dharm” part of this book and made an independent subject “Dharm shastra” .

Maharishi Brihaspati ( Thor/ Zued in the West ) took the “Arth” part of it and developed “Arthshastra” from it.

Maharishi Vatsa took the Kama part of it and composed the Kamasutra in Sanskrit. The book is not only about the copulation between male and female but it also deals with romance /conduct, interaction, marriage, lifestyle and entertainment.  Kama sutra had a deep impact on Indian society meant for the GRIHASTHA stage of life ( age 25 to age 50)

PSSST – WANNA HEAR WHAT THE LYING  WESTERN MUFFS SAY ?

QUOTE :
“Nandi the bull writing Kamasutra is found in Mahabharat– (1.1.6-8) "Nandi the sacred bull, Shiva's doorkeeper, who was moved to sacred utterance by overhearing the lovemaking of the Lord Shiva and his wife Parvati" 
BLAH BLAH
The earliest text of the Kama Shastra tradition, contained a vast amount of information was said to have told by Lord Siva himself to his wife Parvati. During the 8th century BC, Shvetaketu, son of Uddalaka, produced a summary of Nandi's work, but this "summary" was still too vast to be accessible.
BLAH BLAH
A scholar called Babhravya, together with a group of his disciples, produced a summary of Shvetaketu's summary, which nonetheless remained a huge and encyclopaedic tome. Between the 3rd and 1st centuries BC, several authors reproduced different parts of the Babhravya group's work in various specialist treatises. Among the authors, those whose names are known are Charayana, Ghotakamukha, Gonardiya, Gonikaputra, Suvarnanabha, and Dattaka. BLAH BLAH BLAH
UNQUOTE

Oh Boy !

Sunil Kakkar and Wendy Doniger work as a team.  They have a new translation of the Kamasutra of Vatsyayana (Oxford University Press, 2002).

Wendy Doniger ( University of Chicago professor ) has promoted herself as a great Sanskrit scholar. We do NOT need to learn about our ancient Maharishis from this duo.

Sunil Kakkar has made a FAKE Vatsayana quote in his book “ The ascetic of desire”

Of what use is the practice of virtue, when its results are so uncertain?---Kamasutra 1.2.21

There are rewards for denigrating Hindusim— 

Sudhir Kakar is now called “the father of Indian psychoanalysis”—almost like how R stooge Gandhi is called the father of our nation.

I want one billion Hindus of this world to know the truth of Sanatana Dharma .  According to Hinduism, sex is sacred only if it is marital. Hinduism absolutely prohibits premarital or extramarital sex. 

There was NO prostitution in India till the white invader came in. The immoral white invader created whorehouses for their white troops and made a devious whoring system.  

Read the post below and be shocked.

Punch into Google search-
DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER VADAKAYIL

Sex was used as a medium to raise the Kundalini. This concept is misunderstood by petty minds, who do NOT even understand the basics of sex.

Any expression of sex in Hindu puranas and Itihasas are the expressions of genuine beauty and not pornography.  Hinduism only approves the marital sex as sacred and prohibits premarital or extramarital sex.

Lord Shiva explains to his wife Parvati in Vigyan Bhairava Tantra-
At the start of sexual union
Keep attentive on the fire in the beginning,
And so continuing,
Avoid the embers in the end.
When in such embrace your senses are shaken as leaves,
Enter this shaking.
Even remembering union,

Enlightment is a state, when all egos vanish.

As in a sexual act, the couple leaves behind their ego and unites with each other and achieves sexual ecstasy.   This very thing can be utilized to achieve spiritual ecstasy.   

Sex in Hinduism is a god given act  by which a married couple surrenders the ego, at the same time achieving satisfaction and progeny.

“Her lap is a sacrificial altar, her hairs, the sacrificial grass, her skin, the soma-press,the two labia of the vulva are the fire in the middle.So great is the world of his who practises sexual intercourse"--  Brhad-Âranyaka Upanisad, 6.4.3

These verses from the 7000 year old Upanishads clearly indicate that, sex is a form of worship and also as an act of sacredness.

There is NO scope for perversion and homosexuality.

“This man (ama) am I; that woman (sâ), thou!
That woman, thou; this man am I!
I am the Sâman; thou, the Rig!
I am the heaven; thou, the earth!
Come, let us two together clasp!
Together let us fluids mix,

A male, a son for to procure!”  (Brhad-Âranyaka Upanisad, 6.4.20—5000 BC)

Maharishi Vatsa says, both men and women of GRIHASTA age should learn Kamashastra.  In Hindu society sex was always considered to be individual choices.   

Sanatana Dharma has given absolute freedom to the people. 

There are no fatwas or fiats or whips . 

There is NO single messiah or a single holy book.  

Our Dharma is our conscience , the program embedded in our DNA . 

This is why you can be born in India , only if you are blessed.

Our ancient scriptures handed down over thousand of years and then penned down in 5000 BC, tell us--
“MAN, the period of whose life is one hundred years, should practise Dharma, Artha and Kama at different times and in such a manner that they may harmonize together and not clash in any way.  He should acquire learning in his childhood, in his youth and middle age he should attend to Artha and Kama, and in his old age he should perform Dharma, and thus seek to gain Moksha, i.e. release from further transmigration..”

What is Moksha ?

Punch into Google search-
MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL


The 4 stages of Sanatana Dharma – each of 25 years duration.

Brahmacharya - The Celibate Student:

This is a period for formal education. The young male must stay with a guru in a gurukul and attain both spiritual and wordly knowledge.  During this period, he is called a brahmachari, and is prepared for his future profession, for his family and society and religious life further ahead.

Grihastha - The Married Family Man:

This period begins when a man gets married, and undertakes the responsibility for earning a living and supporting his family.  During this worldy period of which pleasure of 5 senses is a part ( Kama ) , Sanatana Dharam supports the pursuit of wealth ( artha) as a necessity,within limits , without hedonism , without debauchery under certain defined social and cosmic norms.  Today most Hindus are so much in love with Grihasta life that it lasts till they die.

Vanaprastha - The Hermit in Retreat:

By now the man has beome a grandfather , his children have procreated and have branched out. At this age, he should renounce all physical, material and sexual pleasures, retire from his social and professional life , and spend major part of his time in spiritual matters . He is allowed to take his wife along if he leaves his house .

Sanyasa - The Wandering Recluse:


At this stage, after the age of 75, the man is supposed to be totally devoted to God.  He must renounce all attachments, desires and responsibilities .  He is now solely concerned in lessening his karmic extra baggage and his sole concern is to attain moksha, or release from the endless circle of birth and death. When he dies, the funeral ceremonies (Pretakarma) are performed by his son and heir- usually at Kashi.


Below:   A retro-installed gift from the IMMORAL white invader to Hinduism- (doing Auparishtaka ) By the way there is NO word in ancient Sanskrit for blow-jobs ,  other than the one invented by the white invader.  These are the immoral people who used Chitpavan brahmin  Tilak to declare that Vedas were written by the white man. ( Arctic home of the Vedas ) 

 


The vulgar white invader dedicated Chapter 9 of the Kama Sutra to oral sex in general, with the major part dealing with gay oral sex.  The perverted lying muffs wrote that Vatsyayana penned that that some people “marry” ( parigraha—sic! ) members of their own sex and live together either openly or in secret. There is NO word Parigraha in Sanskrit with such specific meaning, and there are NO words in Sanskrit with double meanings.  Aparigraha is a man without possessions, who has no greed to acquire possessions —an example is the ancient Indian sage.


Hindu parents have wept, beaten their chests and even stopped praying to god,  over homosexual sons and daughters — not just because they were morally perverse, but because of the denial of grand-children that is regarded as so important in Hindu society. This is a bitter fruit of Karma.

Moksha is a long process. It can be achieved only when all material desires are quenched-

THE WORD “QUENCH” REQUIRES SOME AMOUNT OF PERCEPTION TO UNDERSTAND. .

IT  IS NOT MEANT FOR THE SHALLOW MINDED--, THESE SICK PERVERTS CAN STICK TO THEIR PORN VIDEOS AND SAVITA BHABHIS.

Men who do Tantra sex will never have prostrate gland problems.

All real tantrics know how to raise the Kundalini of their students just by an act of controlled sex . A Tantric orgasm is a full body energy experience. 

G-spot stimulation is one way to access Tantric orgasms.  The G-spot (Grafenberg spot) is a small, lima bean-shaped area on the upper side of the vaginal wall (tummy side), approximately 2.5 inches.

Tantric sex is meant both to enhance the physical sensations and to transform them into a vehicle for blissful insight.  Billions of women have died without ever knowing what this is.  The G-Spot is actually part of the female prostrate.  These women will never get cysts in their ovaries.

The West has and will really never understood the Indian Kama Sutra.  These are unfortunate people who are NOT allowed to fondle their own children.  If they hold their best friends hand their society will look on them as gays.   

These debauched people  did NOT and WILL NOT have the perception to know that it is NOT about bizarre sexual positions, twisted  like a pretzel.  

The Kama Sutra is basically a noble guide on human sexuality and gives you instructions on how to get a good wife,  how to make amazing love,  how to make yourself attractive to the opposite sex, hwo to have happiness at home , and much much more.  I will give exampleof the REAL Maharishi Vatsa’s teachings later.

When a couple is happy sexually their GRIHASTA LIVES  will be more harmonious and balanced.  

The Kama Sutra teaches you what the other person’s needs are (physically and mentally) and how to fulfill them.

Why do the white woman and man try to cheat on their partners?  The reason is they do NOT know the difference between love and lust.  

In India we have arranged marriages. We do NOT seek premarital sex , to taste the fruits of the girl you may or may not marry.  The girl is forces to offer her goodies on the first date— or she loses .

In 31 years of marriage, I have never been NAGGED by my wife—NOT even for a minute. I have never fought with my wife for 31 years .

This is real GRIHASTA in practice.

Punch into Google earch-

NAGGING, UNHAPPINESS AT HOME , DEATH OF MARRIAGE VADAKAYIL

and

A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS VADAKAYIL

Kamasutra is NOT about sex alone .  Sex is a very minor part of the amazing manual.



What is an orgasm?

When you get very close to orgasm, and the male gets close to ejaculation, the feelings will be overwhelming and the brain tends to shut down and reverse the energy which will then take a downward course and seek release through the genitals.


When Kundalini sex is  involved , if you touch the spine of the couple—you will get a nasty electric shock—such is the buildup of static energy . This is with 2 strand DNA out of which 97% is junk.



During Kundalini sex when both partners melt with each other, vital energy is exchanged between the masculine and the feminine , and the resonating energy build to higher levels.  During fear, the etheric body shrinks and during love it expands. All our energy and vitality comes from the etheric body.

People who raise the Kundalinis are NOT cremated in Hinduism. Rather they are buried in Lotus pose of meditation. The reason is that they are liberated having achieved moksha from the endless cycle of births and rebirths.

The female Shakti has now found blissful union with the male Shiva-- a great union of spirit and matter.  Ego evaporates. A overwhelming bliss is felt , which mystically represents re-integration with Atman or the eternal essence of self.  The soul finds itself free. You have opened the gateway to higher realms. 

You have supersensory awareness while still awake in the physical body, and can leave and return to the body at will without any break in consciousness . The pineal gland shoots a spark into the pituitary, and the door of BrahmAn ( consciousness ) , the Brahmarandhra, is opened, never to close .


BELOW:  Once awakened feminine Shakti is eager to mate with her male consort Shiva at the Sahasrara chakra on top of your head .   Most human beings on this planet have never awakened the divine serpent of three and a half coils , and have led base , crude lives and passed on.



You become highly perceptive and can see complex problems as fractal geometry. Raising the Kundalini  can be equated with the awakening of the silent areas of the brain . Our present consciousness is not independent, as the mind depends on the information supplied by the senses. If you have no eyes, you can never see. 

However, when the super consciousness emerges, experience becomes completely independent and knowledge also becomes completely independent, as you can access aakashik records.   REM sleep has lost its meaning today with downgraded DNAs.

When the kundalini is awakened your mind attains supreme awareness, enlightenment and thus self realization. Unlike the rest around you, you have broken free from the confines of a mental prison in which the human race has been incarcerated for millennia. In   society   our brains   are   structured   in   a   certain   way;   there   is   discipline   and   control   which  inhibit   us from expressing ourselves freely.

When the awakening of kundalini takes place, this conditioning is withdrawn and the lid is completely lifted from the mind. With awakened consciousness you can make accurate decisions and judgments because awakening of kundalini is a process of jumping out of the mind. Space and time lose their rigidity, and there is a mingling of the past, the present, and the future.

What does the shallow thinking west know of the Indian sage  with 12 strand DNA ( NIL junk)  whose chakras send out soliton waves and whose pinealglands were used as laser beams?. Whatever philosophy they know is all lifted from ancient Indian texts they patented for themselves ,and then destroyed the originals. The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous.  

Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual enlightenment or illumination, an undescribable state of moral and intellectual elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss. Divine wisdom enables your consciousness to pick up and become aware of superphysical forces and phenomena. Internal amrit or ambrosia floods your body. 

You now have good all round health with body cells charged with energy, better metabolism, clarity of vision, high perception, high quality of thinking , sharpened and wider human senses psychic abilities , better attitudes, clairvoyance and grace under pressure. 

Is a noble Maharishi like Vatsa ( who penned the NYAYA SUTRA lifted by Gautam Buddha in 1900 BC  ) expected to write about anal sex, gay sex, oral sex, bestial sex, S&M,  methods to steal other’s wives etc?

The white philosopher lifted from the Nyaya Sutras, back dated it and gave it to a forward dated Buddha ( died 483 BC according to them)  .  This manual expounds in great detail that there are four means of attaining valid knowledge: perception, inference, comparison, and verbal testimony. Nyaya Sutra also deals with spiritual liberalization and the cycle of life and birth. It talks about Moksha

 Today who cares for perception in this modern age ?. Perception went along with our ancient seers –the vulgar white man reduced them to mere dreamers.

Vatsa gave such delightful verses .

For example , how must a shy woman attract the attention of a man she loves ( not for a one night stand ) , but has not yet noticed her? 

“When engaged in water sports, she should dive at a distance from him,  and come tip close to him and emerge from water and look straight into his eyes”.

I am sure many of you would have experienced modern girls doing the same thing to you in swimming pools.  It has happened to me , several times, several places .

Here is something for a man-

“At parties and assemblies he should sit near her, and touch her under some pretense or other, and having placed his foot upon hers, he should slowly touch each of her toes, and press the ends of the nails “

Modern men call this playing footsie – a great turn on.  If the girl does NOT enjoy this she will take away her leg and call you  a creep .

".. Women, being of a tender nature, want tender beginnings, and when they are forcibly approached by men with whom they are but slightly acquainted, they sometimes suddenly become haters of sexual connection, and sometimes even haters of the male sex"


". When she is asked by the man whether she wishes for him, and whether she likes him, she should remain silent for a long time, and when at last importuned to reply, should give him a favourable answer by a nod of her head."


 “A girl always shows her love by outward signs and actions, such as the following:  She never looks the man in the face, and becomes abashed when she is looked at by him; under some pretext or other she shows her limbs to him; she looks secretly at him though he has gone away from her side, hangs down her head when she is asked some question by him, and answers in indistinct words and unfinished sentences, delights to be in his company for a long time “


"On the manner of living of a virtuous woman, and of her behaviour during the absence of her husband:

During the absence of her husband on a journey the virtuous woman should wear only her auspicious ornaments, and observe the fasts in honour of the Gods.  While anxious to hear the news of her husband, she should still look after her household affairs.  She should sleep near the elder women of the house, and make herself agreeable to them.  She should look after and keep in repair the things that are liked by her husband, and continue the works that have been begun by him.  To the abode of her relations she should not go except on occasions of joy and sorrow, and then she should go in her usual travelling dress, accompanied by her husband's servants, and not remain there for a long time.  The fasts and feasts should be observed with the consent of the elders of the house.  The resources should be increased by making purchases and sales according to the practice of the merchants and by means of honest servants, superintended by herself.  The income should be increased, and the expenditure diminished as much possible.  And when her husband returns from his journey, she should receive him at first in her ordinary clothes, so that he may know in what way she has lived during his absence, and should bring to him some presents, as also materials for the worship of the Deity."


The following are the men who generally obtain success with women:--

Men well versed in the science of love
Men skilled in telling stories
Men acquainted with women from their childhood
Men who have secured their confidence
Men who send presents to them
Men who talk well
Men who do things that they like
Men who have not loved other women previously
Men who know their weak points
Men who are desired by good women
Men who are good looking
Men who have been brought up with them
Men who are their neighbours
Men who are liberal
Men who are celebrated for being very strong (Bull men)
Enterprising and brave men
Men whose dress and manner of living are magnificent

The following are the women who are easily gained over:---

Women who stand at the doors of their houses
Women who are always looking out on the street
Women who sit conversing in their neighbour's house
A woman who is always staring at you
A woman who looks sideways at you
A woman whose husband has taken another wife without any just cause
A woman who hates her husband, or who is hated by him
A woman who has nobody to look after her, or keep her in check
A woman who has not had any children
A woman whose children are dead
A woman who is very fond of society
A widow
A woman fond of enjoyments
A vain woman
A woman whose husband is inferior to her in rank or abilities
A woman who is proud of her skill in the arts


When a man is endeavouring to seduce one woman, he should not attempt to seduce any other at the same time.


Let me give you some gems attributed to Vatsayana by our rogue—nay- DASTARD – Sir Richard Francis Burton.

“The people in the Southern countries have also a congress in the anus, that is called the "lower congress””

TEE HEEEEE!  ( Gays from south are lower congressmen ).


The immoral muffs have written that in the Kamasutra it is written that at the time of its composition sodomy was practiced by groups of people residing in southern India . So they muffs invented a Sanskrit word  for it too .  Penetration of men is--hold your breath-  purushopasripta.

TEE HEEEEE !


Hey, and this is NOT all –  there is something called female penetration of a male with an artificial phallus and of course the regular homosexual intercourse, which our Karan Thapar told on primetime TV as penile anal penetration as an expression of love ( you should have seen his face at that time ).

The DASTARD even made Shabda Brahman out of S&M whipping sex.

On account of its causing pain, striking gives rise to the hissing sound, which is of various kinds, and to the eight kinds of crying, viz.:

The sound Hin.
The thundering sound.
The cooing sound..
The weeping sound.
The sound Phut.
The sound Phât.
The sound Sût.
The sound Plât.

Hey, what about BPRRRRRRRRR with a PTHEEOOY thrown in for good measure ?

So slapping is Prahanana and moaning after receiving the slap is Sitkara , OK ?-

Scratching to draw blood is Nakhacchedya—OK ?


And biting like what Mike Tyson and Suarez did is called Dantacchedya, OK ?

And pulling the hair ( don’t ask me where, ask the dastard ) is called Kacagraha, OK?

Shoving the tongue into an orifice ( don’t ask me which orifice, ask the dastard or maybe even Wendy Doniger ) is called Jihavapravetha—OK ?


And sucking is chusanana – on whom ?  is it for Paradarikadhikaranam ( pleasing wives of other people / extra marital relations ) or Vaishikam ( whores )— ask the dastard .

And what about them secret devices like dildo etc -- Oupanishadikadhikaranam ? ( don’t ask me –ask the muffs )

Oh Boy !

Wanna know what is Shabda BrahmAn?

Punch into Google search-


SHABDA BRAHMAN , THE BEAT OF THE DAMARU, DRUM OF LORD SHIVA  VADAKAYIL

None of the ancient Hindu kings had harems or courtesans in the time of Maharishi Vatsa and hence all Kamasutra chapters of this subject can be shoved where it came from.

The dastard Richard Francis Burton says “ Vatsyayana gives the names of ten authors on the subject, all of whose works he had consulted “

So hey SIR dastard Burton , Vatsayana copied from 10 other people ?  Oh OK! Lord Shiva’s bull , the peeping tom  Nandi was one , you had said that before ? 

Let us have some dastardly aphrodisiacs / black magic potions of Vatsayana

If a man cuts into small pieces the sprouts of thevajnasunhi plant, and dips them into a mixture of red arsenic and sulphur, and then dries them seven times, and applies this powder mixed with honey to his lingam ( read that as prick ) , he can subjugate a woman to his will directly that he has had sexual union with her, or, if, by burning these very sprouts at night and looking at the smoke,  he sees a golden moon behind,  he will then be successful with any woman; or if he throws some of the powder of these same sprouts mixed with the excrement of a monkey upon a maiden, she will not be given in marriage to any body else.

Hey about about sh#t-- nay-- excrement of an orangutan if a monkey aint  available ?  Can we substitute ?

The dastard even incorporated the Filipino BOLITA in Maharishi Vatsa’s work.

QUOTE : 
When a young man perforates his lingam he should pierce it with a sharp instrument, and then stand in water so long as the blood continues to flow. At night he should engage in sexual intercourse, even with vigour, so as to clean the hole. After this he should continue to wash the hole with decoctions, and increase the size by putting into it small pieces of cane, and the wrightia antidysenterica, and thus gradually enlarging the orifice. It may also be washed with liquorice mixed with honey, and the size of the hole increased by the fruit stalks of the sima-patra plant. The hole should be annointed with a small quantity of oil.

In the hole made in the lingam a man may put Apadravyas of various forms, such as the "round," the "round on one side," the "wooden mortar," the "flower," the "armlet," the "bone of the heron," the "goad of the elephant," the "collection of eight balls," the "lock of hair," the "place where four roads meet," and other things named according to their forms and means of using them. All these Apadravyas should be rough on the outside according to their requirements.
UNQUOTE.

Rasputin had a natural BOLITA on his dong .

Punch into Google search-

RASPUTIN AND HIS WART  VADAKAYIL

And hey. Maharishi Vatsa even talked about how to enlarge the prick as per the dastard.
QUOTE
When a man wishes to enlarge his lingam, he should rub it with the bristles of certain insects that live in trees, and then, after rubbing it for ten nights with oils, he should again rub it with the bristles as before. By continuing to do this a swelling will be gradually produced in the lingam, and he should then lie on a cot, and cause his lingam to hang down through a hole in the cot. After this he should take away all the pain from the swelling by using cool concoctions. The swelling, which is called "Suka," and is often brought about among the people of the Dravida country, lasts for life.

UNQUOTE

How many of you want to take the dastard’s word for granted and try this?

Right from his young days at Oxford University, from where he was dismissed , Richard Francis Burton had syphilis.  Later in life he was a known opium eater, which caused total lack of inhibitions . 

He had a flaw in his character and was  particularly curious about things that were “forbidden” and so he spends much time exploring the underside of societies, such as brothels. 

His detailed report on the boy brothels of Karachi wound up getting him kicked out of the army.

The day he was kicked out of oxford he vandalized the place.

Till today NO biographer dares to write what his religion is . He assumed different religions as the situation suited - Catholic, Protestant, Muslim, Brahman Hindu, Sikh , Sufi etc

He gave a real dirty translation of the “Arabian Nights”.

Earlier English versions of the “Nights” had been family stuff .--Ali Baba, Aladdin, Sinbad the Sailor.  The dastard decided to make these simple stories debached.   He twisted the entire voluminous  16-volume edition of the ancient collection.

He spiced up his texts with hundreds of footnotes on everything from lesbianism to sodomy to  harems to incest to hashish.  And to cap it all, this time he put his name on the front cover.

The Pall Mall Gazette was appalled, calling the book a “revolting obscenity”. The Echo declared it “morally filthy”.  The Boston Daily Advertiser memorably found it “offensive and not only offensive, but grossly and needlessly offensive”.

But then R controlled media praised his “Arabian Nights”,  saluting his courage, skill and impressive knowledge.  

Jew R , the owner of British East India Company who employed him,  recommended a knighthood for screwing the muslims , and the Queen dare NOT disobey.


If anybody thinks he was given a knighthood for being the first European  to be in Mecca—sorry -- Burton wasn’t the first non-Muslim to see Mecca and survive . Several Europeans had done it before him.  They would NOT kill you if your dick was circumcised .  

Even Chinese have been to Mecca, more than 400 years before the dastard .  So what is so great about a atheist white man who blackened his skin with walnut juice , got himself circumcised and learnt all Muslim rituals for insurance.  Do we need to go GA GA over this ?


Punch into Google search-
CHINESE ADMIRAL ZHENG HE IN CALICUT VADAKAYIL


Our dastard put in enough opium powered masala -- a racy rip-roaring account .  His book “Pilgrimage to El Medinah and Mecca” sold like hot cakes in England.

The Grihasta phase in India even today has NOT changed much.  Once a prospective spouse is found compatibility is scrutinised from every single aspects including astrological, familial, physical, mental and spiritual. 

 If the couple are deemed incompatible by any of these calculations, the union is rarely formed.

This is quite different from the basis of many Western unions which are often based on subjective passion and animal attraction.

When lust wanes we all know what is in store.  Let me quote the 7000 year old Vedas  “Relationships commencing in passion’s raging fire often end in the coolest ashes”

In the ancient days queens and noble women had the svayamvara system of marriage. When a princess desired to get married her parents would invite all interested suitors to come and apply for their daughter's hand in marriage.  

Many qualified and attractive suitors would assemble from various regions.  Not getting an invite could even lead to permanent discord , as it is an insult.  Grooms would compete in different tests of physical and mental strength so as to display their qualities to the onlooking princess. When the competitions were over the princess would place a flower garland over the neck of the man she chose as her husband.
   

Prince Arjuna faced the supreme test of consciousness. Animals ( except a few like elephants, dolphins and bonobos ) cannot see themselves in the mirror.  

Below: Arjuna award from the President.    We do NOT belong to a perverted culture.



6000 years ago Prince Arjuna nailed the eye of a revolving overhead fish by looking at its reflection in a ripples pool below, to win his bride.
  



Several people had suggested that Richard Francis Burton, could speak more than 30 languages.

When Burton returned to the British Army he sat for examination as an Arab linguist. The examiner was Robert Lambert Playfair, who disliked slimy Burton.  As Professor George Percy Badger knew Arabic well, Playfair asked Badger to oversee the exam, to be fair.   Having been told that Burton could be play dirty and be vindictive and avoiding any animosity should Burton fail, Badger declined.  

Playfair conducted the tests, sending the results to Badger.  Despite Burton's success living as an Arab, Badger failed him. Badger later told Burton that "After looking them over, I sent them back to him with a note eulogising your attainments and ... remarking on the absurdity of the Bombay Committee being made to judge your proficiency inasmuch as I did not believe that any of them possessed a tithe of the knowledge of Arabic you did."

So much for his language proficiency.


While in India, Burton claimed to be a proficient speaker of Hindi, Gujarati, Punjabi, Sindhi, Saraiki and Marathi as well as Persian and Arabic.   His studies of Hindu culture had progressed to such an extent that he boasted "my Hindu teacher officially allowed me to wear the Janeu (Brahmanical Thread)"—which is a ton of horse sh#t.   

By the way if he was a Jew, a Chitpavan Jew -nay- brahmin -- this could have done this for him-- fake brahmin guru to fake brahmin shishya .

Burton made an expedition to Harar (in present day Ethiopia), which no European had entered . He boasted that he was so smart that he stayed in the city for ten days, officially a guest of the Emir . Much later it was known that he was actually a prisoner of the Emir.

He wrote that his journey back was plagued by lack of supplies, and that he would have died of thirst had he not seen desert birds and realized they would be near water—all this when he had plenty of water with him.
One more Englishman had made an ass of this planet—and he is still in our science text books , in this DNA age.

Wanna know more about this con-man?

Punch into Google search-

CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL


Next time you see a KAMASUTRA expert at say Jaipur literary fest , ask this moth eaten face what is RATI or for the matter MAITHUNA .  Watch the fun when the expert stutters ..




There can be NO Kama without Rati.  Shiva and Shakti together does NOT produce a hijra ( transgender ). In Kundalini raising Shakti rushed up from the lowest chakra into the arms of Shiva at the highest chakra. 

The 5 husbands of Panchali ( Draupadi ) are the 5 topmost chakras . Hindu gods have been personalized .  It takes perception to understand what the coded sutra says. 


Below: Shiva represents purusha or consciousness and Shakti represents prakriti or energy.

The immoral white historian calls this , Ardhanarisvara (the hermaphrodite form of Shiva).  They should stick to perverted and immoral sex —spirituality and wisdom is NOT for them.  They churn out fancy cooked up Sanskrit terms for every occasion. 




Rati stands for sexual pleasure, carnal desire and sexuality.  Rati, as well as her husband Kama( the Hindu god of love ,the West lifted as cupid )  ride a parrot as their vahana (vehicle). The love-deity couple also symbolize maithuna,  ritual sexual union.

Rati bhava and desires ( kama) of various kinds . Rati is the female counterpart, the chief consort of Kama ( Kamadeva), the god of love.  Rati is often depicted with Kama in legend and temple sculpture Rati is often associated with the arousal and delight of sexual activity, and many sex techniques and positions derive their Sanskrit names from hers.  

When the god Shiva burnt her husband to ashes, it was Rati, whose beseeching or penance, leads to the promise of Kama's resurrection.

Lord Shiva had turned to ascetic ways after the death of his first wife, Sati.  Kama was thus instructed by the gods to make Shiva fall in love again so that the cosmos may survive .

Kama went to Mount Kailash with Rati and Madhu or Vasanta ("Spring"), and shot his love-arrows at Shiva .  Wounded by Kama's arrows, Shiva becomes attracted to Parvati, the reincarnation of Sati, whips up an inner fire and opens his third eye and turns Kama to ashes.

The grief-stricken Rati goes mad by Kama's death and in the Matsya Purana/Padma Purana  she smears herself with her husband's ashes.  In Bhagavata Purana, Rati undergoes severe penance and pleads with Parvati to intercede with Shiva to restore her husband.  In the Matsya Purana, the Padma Purana, the Shiva Purana, the Linga Purana and the Kathasaritsagara, Shiva blesses Rati with the boon of Kama's resurrection.  
When persuaded by Parvati, Shiva brings Kamadeva back to life but only in SPIRIT…without a body.

Almost all our ancient 7000 year old puranas have been injected with posion by the white invader using their Indin stooges.

The name Rati in Sanskrit means " sexual passion / amorous enjoyment", which Rati personifies. Rati also indicates the female-seed. Kama- Rati is a man stupefied by desire. Rati-karman ("sexual intercourse"), rati-laksha ("sexual intercourse"), rati-bhoga ("sexual enjoyment"), rati-shakti ("virile power"), rati-jna ("skilled in the art of love") must the understood the right way.  

The word Rati also appears in title of the Sanskrit erotic work Rati-Rahasya ("secrets of Rati") – which gives G spot sex techniques and positions .Rati-pasha ("the noose of Rati"), a sex position in which the woman locks her legs behind her lover's back to control pressure  on the G spot.

Shringa means a horn or a peak., "A peak or climax of delight." –NOT NECESSARILY AN ORGASM. 

SRUTI VERSES ARE CODED AND NEED PERCEPTION

Tasting of shringara is a metaphoric orgasm, an explosion of amazing ecstasy that penetrates and infuses the SPIRIT.  

Rasa means "flavour", and the theory of rasa is the primary concept behind classical Indian arts including theatre, music, dance, poetry, and SCULPTURE .  The highly complex modes, represented in sculptures, are metaphors for QUENCHING the mind in the GRIHASTA stage , with the final goal of moksha.

Much of the content of traditional Indian arts revolves around the relationship between a man and a woman.  The primary emotion thus generated is Sringara.  The romantic relationship between lover and beloved is a metaphor for the relationship between the individual and the divine.  

See a dim-wit will never be moved by poetry. But a simple verse can cause a revolution .

Sringara gives the widest scope.  It is NOT only love and nostalgia – but can transgress into a myriad of other emotions including jealousy, fear, anger, compassion, and of course for the expression of physical intimacy.  

The attraction between lover and beloved is a metaphor for the relationship between the individual and the divine. So do NOT start jumping up and down like an demented orautan just because you saw some erotic sculpture OUTSIDE the temple-  never ever inside.

Maharishi Vatsa advises NOT to overdo Sringara Rasa.  Like excess sex or excessive consumption of honey – it can be revolting .  

7000 years ago when we Indians enjoyed rasa , wearing silk,  diamonds , perfumed , anointed , in marble palaces , being served from a menu --  our white counterpart was running around naked doing GRUNT GRUNT , clubbing down animals for food and staying in damp caves.

These are the people who are ridiculing Indians today.

Rasa distilled by supreme art is not just raw emotion but emotion depersonalised. And since it is not personalised nor touched by human real life-experiences,  human beings once having tasted 'rasa' in any art form,  hunger for evermore!

Our ancient Natya Shastra says that the erotic flavour arises from whatever is, sacred, pure, placid and worth seeing.  Bharata Muni says that longing (abhilasa) is but the first stage of love, the other stages being nostalgia, anxiety, recollection, enumeration of merits, distress, lamentation, insanity, sickness, stupor etc.  

The ancient dancers had to achieve far greater conscious control over their mind and body than the "professional" dancers of today, who think rope tricks , acrobatics and gymnastic is dance.  

The foreign funded TV dance contest judges are specially choses to KILL the ancient Indian Shringara rasa with pickle johns, chutney marys and wannabe goragaands being consistently chosen as the judges.

Kama Sutra was branded by the Vatican as the most dangerous work of Devil of a pagan religion , who did human and animal sacrifices .  Lot of self loathing Hindus abandoned their ancient cuture and converted to Christianity .

The immoral white invader introduced the sect Gaudiya Vaishnasism specifically to accommodate the FAKE mistress of Lord Krishna Radha, who never existed and nobody knew about till the back dated FAKE poet Jayadeva and the FAKE Kalidasa was introduced.  

Gaudiya Vaishnavas moreover hold Sri Chaitanya as an incarnation of Radha-Krishna combined.  ISKON of Srila Prabhupada has now regularized Sri Chaitanya . Today in the Jaipur literary fests when Sringara rasa is discussed the discuss the love between married to Rukmini Lord Krishna, and his mistress outside marriage Radha.

Punch into Google search-

JUNIOR WIVES OF LORD KRISHNA WIKIPEDIA

The post will tell you that our ancient scriptures say that Lord Krishna had 16100 wives—an IMMORAL LIE.

Lord Krishna is an avatar of Lord Vishnu and Rukmini is the incarnation of goddess Lakshmi ( wife of Lord Vishnu ) who wanted to be with her husband Vishnu on earth.

In almost every literary fest Hinduism is denigrated, and enough MOTH EATEN FACES  are invited. The subject will soon be opened up, like Sringara Rasa and out comes the devadasis, like the proverbial bad penny. .   

The immoral white invader had distorted the interpretations of Sringara by using the FAKE concept of devadasis.

Punch into Google search-

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER VADAKAYIL

Kama cannot be narrowly interpreted and stereo typed ( like secularism) as merely an erotic urge.  Almost all rasas proceed from desire ( Kama ).  Is not desire is the main engine of the planet?


The white muff historian has written a LIE that in ancient India, a widow without children was allowed to have sex with the appropriate person in order to have a child ( Niyoga ). 

Manu Smriti prohibits such a thing. 

They quote poison injected puranas to justify Niyoga.  

Now they have gone on over drive.  Niyoga is the central issue of Anahat, a Marathi feature film directed by Amol Palekar.  It was showcased at the International Film Festival of India 2003 and the foreign funded media went GA GA about this.  

Bad karma—this man has a lesbian daughter. . His family line is DEAD . You see,  your family line has come down since antiquity, because of progeny. Then one find day it reaches a dead end.

He is one of the main signatories against Sec 377 of IPC.

Punch into Google search-
IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION , LGBT RIGHTS , NEW WORLD ORDER VADAKAYIL

At the literary fests the moth eaten NEW WORLD ORDER foreign cocktail circuit stooges give unsolicited bull---  


“ Pre-marital sex is allowed in Hinduism--- BLAH BLAH.--  There are many instances in our history and Hindu scriptures mentioning pre-marital sex -- BLAH BLAH-- .  The extra marital affairs are personal affairs, we should let individuals to decide about it. Hence it is improper to call them anti-Hindu acts.  BLAH BLAH --  Gandharva Marriage is the voluntary union of a maiden and her lover, which arises from desire and sexual intercourse for its purpose ". BLAH BLAH .


The muffs tried to destroy our Hindu system of arranged marriage stating that Vatsayana wanted love marriage. 

“ There are many different ways of meeting a suitable partner described in Vatsayana's "Kama Sutra ". The conclusion is that the marriage based on love called the gandharva marriage brings the most happiness to a couple ”


Try again you muffs.   India has the least percentage of divorce on this planet.  This too is the result of the perversions of wannabe gora gaands –our pickle johns and chutney marys.


Following Kundalini awakening, the brain turns into a super-conductor with a focus like a laser beam.  This is why the ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands and a raised Kundalini, could measure diameters of planets, compute the speed of light  and record it 7000 years ago. 

Why do you think the white man tripped over each other to learn Sanskrit ? To translate the  Kamasutra ?



The immoral white man spread the LIE that ancient Hindu texts mentioned about the aphrodisiac properties of the tiger’s penis and the single Indian rhino’s horn. Mind you these majestic creatures are NOT seen in the jungles of other countries. 



The near extinction of these species can be put on the heads of these lying muffs. The horns of a rhino is just keratin, the same type of protein that makes up hair and fingernails. 




Nothing of this sort is mentioned in Hindu Kama scriptures.

Below: The immoral muffs.




The muffs used the FAKE Kalidasa to date the Kamautra or Vatsyayana .  Kalidasa reveals the knowledge of erotics in the description of Yaksha's wife's Svapnasamgama (Union in Dream), in which he specifies the exact period of Kamasastra .

Kalidasa who wrote about the FAKE Radha never existed .

Punch into Google search-
KALIDASA DID NOT EXIST VADAKAYIL

The immoral white man did NOT spare Lord Shiva and Parvati-- In FAKE Kalidasa’s FAKE Kumara Sambhava (The Birth of Kumara) by Kalidasa. Canto 8,

 "Nabhidesa nihitah sakampaya/ Sankarasya rurudhe taya karah/ tannitambam atha c'abhavat svayam/ duram ucchvasitanivi bandhanam."

Translation:

"When Shankara (Lord Shiva ) put his hand/near her ( Parvati’s ) navel/ she quivered and pushed and pushed it away/ and then her buttocks/ of their own accord/ far undid the petticoat string."

Wikipedia says QUOTE - Kama Sutra can be considered as one of the first written resources dealing with sadomasochistic activities - UNQUOTE

What is Sadomasochism ?

It is the giving or receiving of sexual pleasure from acts involving the infliction or reception of pain or humiliation.

Sorry, noble maharishi Vatsa could NOT write about sadism.

 The term “Sadism” is derived from the name of Marquis de Sade. Not only did he practice sexual sadism, he also wrote novels about these practices  (best known is Justine ).  The term “Masochism” was named after Leopold von Sacher-Masoch. He practiced masochism and wrote novels expressing his masochistic fantasies.   

Leave honourable ancient India out of this decadent western debauchery and hedonism.

Burton was Britain's most outspoken advocate of polygamy . "Black Mischief, a 1932 novel, by Evelyn Waugh created the mythical island kingdom of Azania.  Basil Seal , a bad-egg aristocrat who is the hero steals his mother's emeralds, runs away to Azania, manipulates its politics and finally is forced to leave the capital.  


In the jungle, he unknowingly eats his sweetheart at a cannibal feast.   Basil Seal is the quintessential Richard Francis Burton, as per the author.

In their effort to run down Manu and the Manusmriti they immoral white invader inject poison-
"If a man has shed his semen in non-human females, in a man, in a menstruating woman, in something other than a vagina, or in water, he should carry out the 'painful heating' vow." Thus, this peculiar vow, involving application of cow's urine and dung, was meant not only for homosexuals but also errant heterosexuals.”

The penalty is even milder if the homosexual belongs to an upper caste. As Manusmriti puts it, "If a twice-born man unites sexually with a man or a woman in a cart pulled by a cow, or in water, or by day, he should bathe with his clothes on.''

Sorry, we Indians never knew homosexuality till the Muslim and the Christian invaders came to our country.

In Calicut ( my hometown ) when Vasco Da Gama landed in 1498, the sailors raped local girls/ boys and they got strange vaginal /anal sores.  

Even today we call veneral disease as PIRANGI PUNNU ( white foreign man’s disease ) .   

In Calicut the Portuguese Catholic sailors used to worship St George, the patron saint for madness due to syphillis.

Punch into Google search-

KURISHUPALLY CALICUT, ST GEORGE'S SHRINE VADAKAYIL

The foreign gay organizations, eager to introduce homosexuality in India ( for de-population )  have always cried “ None of the sacred Hindu texts, such as the Vedas or the Upanishads, contain a straightforward condemnation of homosexuality” .

The dim-wits do NOT know the reason is that homosexuality did NOT exist in ancient India.

By this argument they are SH#T ON TOAST EATERS as their holy books never said “ Do not eat shit on toast “.

Here is a story churned out by Devdutt Pattanaik, who is now considered an authority on Hindusim by the immoral white man.  

Wikipedia quotes him and you can see that Hindusim is always the loser..

Mind you Hindusim has NO human or animal sacrifices.

HERE ARE THE IMMORAL LIES.

“On the seventh day of the battle at Kurukshetra, Krishna told the Pandavas, “Unless a man without a scar on his body is sacrificed to the goddess of war, Kali, you will not win the battle.” The Pandavas wondered who they could sacrifice. Only Krishna and Arjuna possessed flawless bodies but they could not be spared. 

Finally the warrior, Aravan, came forward. He possessed a flawless body. “You may sacrifice me but it is my wish that I marry before I die,” he said.  The Pandavas were obliged to fulfil Aravan’s last wish if they had to sacrifice him. However, no matter how hard they tried they could not persuade a single woman to marry the man who was doomed to die the day after marriage. 

Finally, Krishna came to the rescue. He took the form of a woman called Mohini and married Aravan. They spent one night together Local tradition has it that Aravan is a form of Shiva, hence locally called Kootandavar, and that by marrying Vishnu/Mohini he became the divine husband of all transgender people locally known as Alis.  After the wedding night, at dawn, Aravan was sacrificed and Krishna mourned for him like a widow before returning to his male form.  

The sacrifice pleased Kali and the goddess promised the Pandavas victory in battle.  Aravan was forgotten.  His purpose had been served.  On his wedding night, Aravan told his wife that he longed to see the battle.  After the sacrifice therefore, Mohini/Krishna took his severed head, placed it on a tall pike and breathed life into it so that from its vantage point it could witness the war over the remaining ten days”.

Below : Transgender Hijras dressed up as Lord Krishna -- what nonsense is this ?  

This has the support of the SECULAR religion governments, the atheists and the NEW WORLD ORDER moth eaten faces who come on foreign funded TV on prime time.



They have converted Barbarika to Aravan with a homosexual and transgender twist , and denigrated Lord Shiva , Lord Vishnu and Lord Krishna.  



The whole of Hindu scriptures have been injected with poison by the white invader using his JUDAS Indian stooges.  


I want my readers to know that Hindus have been powerless in stopping this nonsense even in 2014.  When we object we are called COMMUNAL --rest all being SECULAR.


Punch into Google search-

KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL VADAKAYIL

Check out how the white invader created  a system when once in a year one of the oldest Hindu temples of India is denigrated .  

Pornographic songs are sung that the goddess needs a dildo as great as the flag post to be satisfied .  

Bloodied chicken entrails are thrown into the inner sanctum. 

A whole lot of EVR Periyar Tamil atheist land up from TamilNadu.   Restaurants srping up with Tamil food and Tamil names.  

The SECULAR media of Kerala goes GA GA about it.   

Local Hindus lock their houses and go elsewhere so that their unmarried daughters don’t see this immoral stuff.    

Can Narendra Modi stop this nonsense in 2015 ?  

Mind you Kodungallur ( Muzris ) is an ancient oldest port, with the second Church,  Mosque and Synagogue on this planet.


Now ,who the hell could this cross dressing creep ( below)  be ?



Well ladies and gentlemen , he is another Hindu FAKE sect invented of the immoral white invader and is called SAKHI-BEKHI .

The FAKE sect did NOT exist before the white invader came to India.

The highest goal for followers of this sect is to emulate the FAKE Radha invented by the white invader .  They imitate all aspects of a woman’s life, from twirly skirts to monthly menstruation cycles.   Some of the more hardcore devotees even opt for the eunuch route.

The Sakhi -Bekhis have been inducted stealthily by foreign funded NGOs into the ongoing Kumbh mela  at Allahabad in 2013.  They cross dress garishly like Radha with nose rings , bangles and ornaments with hair in long plaits -- the FAKE mistress of Lord Krishna.  

They were extra loud with their  bhajans and it was a sight to see them braying devotional songs to please Krishna on the ghats of river Ganges in a quest for Moksha.   They paint their feet red, shave their faces twice a day, sing in falsetto hijra voices, and gesture with grotesque women’s mannerisms.  And they are cock sure that this will please Lord Krishna . 

No wonder the Kumbh Mela is now an festival to be ridiculed by the West.

These cross dressed men make  public shows of their romantic feelings for Lord Krishna while at the same time having illicit relations with cudadharis (men dressed up as Lord Krishna with a crown of peacock feathers)..  

Like I said they generally worship the FAKE Radha. But their real object of devotion is the FAKE ( white invader created) Lord Caitanya (the incarnation of Radha and Krishna combined –2 in 1 ) and are known as gauranga-nagaris. 

The FAKE Lord Chaitnaya was back dated by the white invader to have died in1534 AD. His followers, Gaudiya Vaishnavas, revere him as an avatar of Lord Krishna in the mood of his consort Radha.  

In the 20th century the teachings of Chaitanya were brought to the West by Srila Prabhupada, who founded his movement known as The International Society for Krishna Consciousness (ISKCON) to spread Chaitanya's teachings throughout the world. You find so many white devotees all calling themselves some DASA or the other—say— Maska Taskara DASA..

So Lord Caitanya is combined form of Radha Krishna and if Caitanya is pleased, Radha and Krisna automatically become pleased, OK ?

ISKON is well funded from abroad to execute the will of Lord Chaitanya.

Getting back--

The muffs wrote – “according to the Kamasutra text, oral sex is performed when two mutual male friends wish each other well and have placed deep trust in each other.  Women are also permitted to mutually engage in such same-sex actions as per Kama Sutra guidelines.  However, within the Kama Sutra, it seems that oral sex—rather than sodomy—is the primary model for sex between men.  Despite this, the text does not refrain from mentioning sodomy among males or enetration with artificial phalluses among females “..

And if two male dieties decide to go for it then it becomes – Harihara  TEE HEEEE !

Harihara ( Lord Ayyappa ) means a God worshipped by both Shiva and Vishnu devotees. It does NOT mean an offspring of homosexual union between Shiva and Vishnu as our TRIPLE SRI Ravishankar told on NDTV and CNN IBN.

Here is another BIG LIE.

“ Samba, the son of Krishna, not only engaged in homosexual actions, but also dressed as a woman in order to seduce other goddesses ”.

Not many of you would have heard of Samba – except in Sholay when Gabbar Singh cried— are oh Sambha-Kithne aadmi they?

Let me quote the story for you- Samba was NOT a homosexual.



QUOTE –
Samba was a son of Krishna, and Jambavati.  Samba was very handsome and the dearest son of Krishna.  

Pampered Samba did many unbearable things which led the whole Yadu dynasty to its end.

Samba misbehaved to such an extent that Krishna became extremely, extremely displeased with him. Krishna went on scolding Samba and insulting him in this manner in presence of Jambavati.  One day out of exasperation Krishna cursed his own son.

Samba immediately started suffering from leprosy. His body became disfigured overnight and he was in great agony from the disease. Lord Krishna’s wife could not endure seeing her son tortured in this way. With tears streaming from her eyes, she approached her husband and told her unbearable pain for their son. Krishna relented and told his son, the way to be cured.

He explained his son to pray the sun god and then to take bath in the river Chandrabhaga ultimately immersing in the water, will cure the disease. Samba was unable to even get up. Jambavati appealed to her husband to either take Samba to the river or cure him at the place, he is lying. Finally, Krishna agreed to take his son to the river and thus he was completely cured. Krishna’s curse had been nullified.

Three very great sages once came to Lord Krishna’s palace in Dwaraka. Krishna was resting. When he was informed of their arrival, he said, “Please tell them that I shall be there in a short while. In the meantime, let them be welcomed with proper respect and devotion.”

Unfortunately, over the years, Krishna’s relatives and others who were close to him had become very undivine. Because they were dear to Krishna, they used to get everything for the asking. As a result, they became corrupted by the pleasure-life. They used to drink and quarrel and do all kinds of unthinkable things.

A few members of Krishna’s immediate family did not have any respect for the sages and saints who came to pay homage to Krishna. These relatives felt that as long as they had Krishna, it was enough. To them, all other spiritual people were as worthless as straw.

Krishna’s son, Samba, was then twenty-five or twenty-six years old. Even though he was no longer a child, he and some other young men decided to play a practical joke on the three sages. Samba’s friends tied an earthen pot on his stomach and dressed him in a nice sari. Then they brought him before the sages.

The young men said to the sages, “This woman is with child. Please, before Krishna comes, can you tell us whether she will give birth to a boy or a girl?”

Since the sages had occult vision, they immediately saw that the young men were mocking them. They became furious. “You are Krishna’s relatives! You, Samba, are his own son! You dare to make fun of us! Yes, this ‘woman’ will give birth, but she will give birth to an iron rod. This rod will bring about the destruction of Krishna’s entire clan. You have no respect for spiritual people. We are great sages and you have mocked us.”

At that moment, Krishna entered the hall. He was so sad to hear the curse of the sages. At the same time, he knew that the curse was well deserved . The sages also felt sorry that they had uttered such a dreadful curse, but they did not have enough capacity or forgiveness-power to withdraw it.

In spite of this unfortunate turn of events, Krishna stayed and had a long talk with the sages, and they received Krishna’s blessings. Krishna was beyond, beyond everything. He advised them and illumined them, and then the sages departed.

In due course, the curse came true and Krishna’s son gave birth to a heavy iron rod, like a club. Samba and his cousins realised that their destruction was imminent. They went to Krishna and begged him to save them. Krishna said, “You have done something unpardonable, unpardonable. What can I do? All right, grind the whole iron rod into a powder. It will take a very, very long time. When it becomes powder, you must throw the powder into the sea.”

With utmost enthusiasm and zeal, the young men started grinding the rod. But after a short time, they stopped and simply threw the rod into the sea. They did not grind the whole rod into powder, as Krishna had told them to do.

Many, many years later, after the battle of Kurukshetra, the iron rod came up to the surface of the sea and the prophecy of the sages came true. Krishna’s family members started drinking heavily and fighting among themselves. Krishna’s dearer-than-the-dearest friend, Satyaki, who had fought so bravely on the side of the Pandavas during the battle, was killed in a quarrel. One by one, all of the great warriors in Krishna’s family were killed in this drunken brawl.

When Krishna saw that his dearest Satyaki had been killed, he said, “There is no need to stay on earth any longer.” In the meantime, Krishna’s brother, Balarama, had been observing the brawl. He saw the level to which the great heroes had descended and he was disgusted. “Enough, enough!” he said. “Our family has become so corrupt!” He entered into the forest and in his meditation he gave up his life-breath.

When Krishna heard that Balarama had left the body, he said, “My time has also come. Let me go and join him.” Krishna went to a beautiful place. There, he sat down under a tree and he started meditating; he wanted to give up his life.

A hunter was passing by. He saw Krishna’s form and thought it was a beautiful deer. To him, Krishna’s left foot looked like the ear of the deer. The hunter aimed his arrow at the ear and released it. The arrow entered Krishna through the sole of his left foot and that was the only weak point in Krishna’s body. 

All his limbs and all the other parts of his body were invincible, but his left foot was vulnerable. Whenever he fought, he used to keep that foot well-protected. But he knew that it was weak and Balarama also knew it.

When the hunter came to claim the deer, he saw Krishna lying on the ground with the arrow piercing his foot. The hunter cried pitifully for forgiveness. But Krishna answered him, “No, it is not your fault. My time has come. That is why this has happened. It is all predestined.”

“How is it predestined?” asked the hunter.

“This is the curse of Gandhari,” Krishna told him.

During the battle of Kurukshetra, Gandhari’s hundred sons were all killed by the Pandavas. She was heartbroken. After the battle, she said to Krishna, “You do not know what suffering I am going through! I am cursing you. The same thing will happen to your dear ones. They will quarrel and fight among themselves and they will all be killed.”

Krishna said to Gandhari, “Mother, I am not responsible for the deaths of your sons. I begged them not to fight. I begged them to give just five villages to the Pandavas, but they would not listen to me. From the beginning to the end, your sons were so undivine.”




Gandhari answered him, “No, no! I know you are God. You could have averted this war if you had wanted to. You could have saved my children and all my dear ones. But because of your partiality for the Pandavas, you did not do it. Therefore, I am cursing you. Exactly the same thing will happen to you. All your dear ones will kill each other.”




Gandhari’s dreadful curse came true and Krishna’s entire clan was destroyed. You may ask how Gandhari could curse someone as great as Krishna. The fact is that Krishna could have nullified the curse, but he chose to accept it. His attitude was, if you want to strike me, then strike.  His life on earth as Vishu’s ninth avatar was done with..

UNQUOTE -



Not all the white historian lied on the Kamasutra—and did a Doniger or a dastard..

Arthur Llewellyn Basham,  British Indologist and author ( The Wonder That was India ) and professor at the School of Oriental and African Studies, London, has to say this –

 QUOTE --The erotic life of ancient India was generally heterosexual.  Homo-sexualism (sic) of both sexes was not wholly unknown; it is condemned briefly in the law books, and the Kama Sutra treats of it, but cursorily, and with little enthusiasm.  Literature ignores it.  In this respect ancient India was far healthier than  other ancient cultures ---UNQUOTE

Basham had a BA in Sanskrit from the School of Oriental and African Studies ("SOAS")




The lying white historian and their Indian stooges injected posion into our scriptures and made even made Arjuna a eunuch .  Arjuna did NOT become a eunuch.  He was in disguise to prevent detection in the last year ( 13th ) of exile.  

And the best was to take on the role of a female dance teacher named Brihannala, at King Virata’s Matsya Kingdom.  He taught song and dance to the beautiful princess Uttara. Brihannala stayed at the secluded part of the palace meant for women. 




Despite this care Duryodhan smelt a rat and attacked the Vitata kingdom on the last day of the exile. 

Brihannala shed his female attire and as Arjuna pasted the whole Kaurava army with his gandiva bow.  Only Bhishma knew about Brihannala.

King Virata was surprised to know the real identities of the dance teacher . He offered his daughter’s hand in marriage to Arjuna, the greatest warrior on the planet. However Arjuna rejected this offer as he had been a teacher to her and considered her a daughter.  

Such was the moral standard 6000 years ago.   



The reason he wore female attire was due to a curse from Urvashi a divine Gandharva who was attracted to him. . Arjuna rejected her and called her the “mother” of the Kuru race--because once Urvashi was the wife of king Pururavas the ancestor of Kuru Dynasty. Urvashi the gorgeous Gandharva has cursed Arjuna that he would marry in future without caring about propriety and moral principles of  mother / daughter

Today when the Hijras dance on the streets in a crude manner , a lot of them have been conditioned to think that they are Brihannala.




The FAKE  Krittivasa Ramayana, was an R sponsored book how king Bhagiratha, who brought the sacred river Ganga from heaven to earth, was born out of LESBIAN  SEXUAL UNION  of two widows by rubbing their vulvas together .

These POISON FILLED Sanskrit and Bengali texts ridiculously explain that his name Bhagiratha comes from the word bhaga (vulva), because he was born of two vulvas.  


The R sponsored Krittivasi Ramayan is attributed to a back dated  to 15th century  Bengali poet Krittibas Ojha.  It is supposed to be a translation of the Ramayana into Bengali, which represents the first translation of the Ramayana into any North Indian language other than Sanskrit.  The current edited and abridged version of the epic is attributed to a R stooge Jaygopal Tarkalankar and was published in 1834.  


Today the immoral white man are making out the FAKE Kamasutra ( translated by Richard Burton) and “supposed to be written “ by FAKE Vatsayana as a sexual text about Krishna and his FAKE mistress Radha

Here is a sample-

QUOTE :  For erring men, the Kama Sutra recommends this evergreen rule:
A lady, however shy or furious she may be, cannot ignore a man falling at her feet, this is a universal rule (meaning not restricted by time, place or context). (3.2.11)


Indeed, this was the very manner in which Lord Krishna, even after having sported with another female the whole night, managed to extract forgiveness from his beloved Radha.: UNQUOTE .

 

Heterosexuality is regarded in Hinduism as the general norm .  NEVER EVER has homosexuality been condoned by Hinduism as foreign funded TV favourite, TRIPLE SRI Ravishankar said on NDTV and CNN-IBN.   

Sanatana Dharma viewed sex a  god given method for progeny and even for exploding the consciousness , and never for hedonism.


A centred and a fruitful marriage is seen as the ultimate goal and paradigmatic state of happiness. If at all there has been a tension in ancient Hindu society it has been between sexuality and celibacy. 

The immoral white muffs have even subverted MOKSHA.

They write – “Moksa (sic!) is the complete release from the countless limitations and restrictions which impinge upon our existence. So Hinduism says go for Hedonism”

—Oh Yeah ?

This is real brainwashing stuff by the muffs

“ Liberation actually means seeking freedom from life's limitations. What are the things we really want, we deeply want? “

So let us pack our bags and go to the nude hedonist beaches at Negril ?  No wonder we do NOT encourage white hedonist tourists in Kerala – they go to Goa.

 Below: Sorry , there is NO wife swapping in Kamasutra




They write with viriol pens -
QUOTE- Hinduism cannot answer the essential philosophic questions that always arise wherever and whenever the human intellect matures. It has been weighed in the scales of truth and have been found lacking.


Even more importantly, Hinduism has no concept of a Creator God, the Creation, the Fall of man into sin and guilt, a Day of Judgment, atonement or forgiveness, or a Savior who redeems us from our sins by the sacrifice of Himself in our place.
  

It did not produce democracy, science or equality among different races and racks of mankind. Instead it produced great social evils which afflict the Indian people to this day. As a religion and a philosophy, Hinduism is a complete failure and cannot provide a basis for meaning, significance, justice, morals, truth and beauty.
UNQUOTE

To these soul harvesting muffs , let me tell them this.  

Your golden run BACKED by Joshua Project funds is over for good .

Punch into Google search-

THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM, THE MOTHER OF ALL RELIGIONS VADAKAYIL

The major concern of the stalwarts of ancient India was procreation of offsprings sponsored by a well-structured extended and harmonious family system.  Any form of non-procreative sex,  heterosexual or homosexual was seen as a deviance from this theme and discouraged.

The noble maharishis recognized the fact that people are born with different proclivities, tendencies and tastes due to their past Karma — the resultant conditioning of actions done in previous lives.   One’s sexual orientation, it was recognized, is not a matter of choice but of such previous life conditioning.  


No child is born a homosexual.   Like no child is born a criminal.

Here is a poison injected verse -

"Whatever the sexual orientation of the child whether it be male, female or homosexual  (napumsaka) it is born in the ninth or the tenth month."

Garuda Purana. 2.32.29 --FAKE


Here is another poison injected verse by the immoral muffs-


“Now then the intense longing of love stimulated by the gods. When one (m) desires to be loved (priya) by a man or a woman or by men and women, he shall offer to the above mentioned gods oblations in the sacred fire”.  Kaushitaki Brahmana Upanishad 2:4 of the Rig Veda:   FAKE

“Vaishnava sahajiya sect interpreted kama or desire as male and prema or selfless love as female, all the male devotees therefore identified themselves with Radha the consort of Krishna. They dressed and lived as women in order to perfect their love for Krishna” -FAKE

“--  mystics such as Surdas and Kabirdas use the trope of bridal mysticism freely in their works.  In the poems the male mystics typically use feminine verbs for themselves and address the male God as husband or lover or paramour. They identify as brides waiting for the bridegroom, as Radha waiting patiently for Krishna – “— POISON INJECTED ON BEHALF OF THE FAKE BACK DATED DASAS TO PROP UP THE FAKE RADHA 

“ In this text ( Kamasutra ) lesbianism is described in detail, as well as the swapping of male female roles with the female being the dominant one and using accessories to penetrate the male. From the text we discover that male homosexuality formed an integral part of Indian sexual life and various homosexual practices are described in detail  “  POISON INJECTED

amānuṣīṣū puruṣa udakyāyām ayoniṣu |
retaḥ siktvā jale ca-eva kṛcchraṁ sāntapanaṁ caret ||  11:173.

A man who has sex with a non-human being ( animal, blow-up doll, mechanical toy, vegetable etc.), or non-vaginal sex with a female, or has intercourse in water, or with a menstruating woman, shall perform a penance called Santapana Krcchra.  FAKE

The concept of blow up dolls and dildo are purely western .  Spare us !

The immoral muffs even introduces a LINDA LOVELACE OF DEEP THROAT FAME into Kamasutra .
“ And lastly, when, with the consent of the man, the eunuch puts the whole lingam into his mouth, and presses it to the very end, as if he were going to swallow it up, it is called 'swallowing up ” .

Here is some poison from the dastard’s Kamasutra .--

“The male servants of some men carry on the mouth congress with their masters. It is also practiced by some citizens, who know each other well, among themselves. Some women of the harem, when they are amorous, do the acts of the mouth on the yonis of one another, and some men do the same thing with women. The way of doing this (i.e. of kissing the yoni) should be known from kissing the mouth”

Sorry there were NO harems in the time of Maharishi Vatsa.

I CAN GO ON AND ON AND GIVE HUNDREDS OF FAKE VERSES AND POISON INJECTED VERSES — I AM NOT A DIMWIT TO DO THIS. 

Let me spill some secrets of the dastard with a major flaw in his character-
QUOTE - Burton was born in Torquay, England on March 19, 1821, the son of Lieutenant-Colonel Joseph Netterville Burton. In Genoa, Colonel Burton served Queen Caroline, the unwanted wife of George IV. She was known for being "gracious" to the officers of the garrison and won their loyalty and devotion. When she was called before the House of Lords on charges of adultery, Colonel Burton was summoned to testify. When he refused to do so, he was dismissed from his post at half pay- UNQUOTE .

Regarding Richard Francis Burton’s written report on Karachi’s homosexual and transversite brother  to Gen Napier .

QUOTE – Almost all the people who read the report criticized Burton. They believed that the only way a report with such intimate particulars could have been written was if he had engaged in, not merely observed, the homosexual activities.  Throughout the remainder of his life, rumors circulated regarding his homosexual escapades in India.  More than any other individual, John Henning Speke, the army lieutenant with whom Burton had an adversarial relationship, spread these rumors through his written reports back to their commanders- UNQUOTE  

QUOTE- In 1855, Burton rejoined the army and traveled to the Crimea hoping to see active service in the Crimean War. He served on the staff of Beatson's Horse a corps of Bashi-bazouks, local fighters under the command of General Beatson, in the Dardanelles. The corps was disbanded following a "mutiny" after they refused to obey orders and Burton's name was mentioned ( to his detriment ) in the subsequent inquiry.-UNQUOTE 


QUOTE - Speke again accompanied him and on 27 June 1857 they set out from the east coast of Africa heading west in search of the lake or lakes.
The expedition arrived at Lake Tanganyika in February 1858. Burton was awestruck by the sight of the magnificent lake, but Speke, ( temporarily blinded by a disease (sic)  ) , was unable to see the body of water.
The Royal Geographical Society awarded Speke its Gold Medal.
A prolonged public quarrel followed, damaging the reputations of both Burton and Speke. As the years went by, [Burton] would neglect no opportunity to deride and undermine Speke's geographical theories and achievements.
The Royal Geographical Society awarded Speke its Gold Medal.
On 16 September 1864, Burton and Speke were scheduled to debate the source of the Nile at a meeting of the British Association for the Advancement of Science. On the day before the debate, Burton and Speke sat near each other in the lecture hall.
According to Burton's wife, Speke stood up, said "I can't stand this any longer," and abruptly left the hall.  
That afternoon Speke went hunting on the nearby estate of a relative. He was discovered lying near a stone wall, felled by a fatal gunshot wound from his hunting rifle.-UNQUOTE 

His accounts of himself were full of bull.
QUOTE: On one occasion, he claims to have escaped an attack by hundreds of armed horsemen and camel riders sent by Mohammed Rashid Pasha, the Governor of Syria.  He wrote "I have never been so flattered in my life than to think it would take three hundred men to kill me" : UNQUOTE

Well  I need to show the MORAL FIBRE and INTEGRITY of our dastard !  

To be frank I do NOT enjoy all this.  

Whether sh#t falls on you or you fall on sh#t,  it is all disgusting.

Burton screwed his ex-employer R after he died , for denying him a grave along with other explorer greats like David Livingstone.   His book “The Jew, the Gipsy and el Islam” was published posthumously in 1898 and was controversial for its criticism of Jews and asserted the existence of Jewish human sacrifices.



The dastard had even converted Emperor Vikramaditya of 7000 BC , to a recent phenomenon.  He wrote a bullsh#t account – rather a collection of Hindu tales, Vikram and the Vampire in 1870.

Punch into Google search-
ALOE VERA SOCOTRA VIKRAMADITYA VADAKAYIL

QUOTE :  Burton's interest in homosexuality led him to make measurements of the lengths of the sexual organs of male inhabitants of various regions which he includes in his travel books. UNQUOTE

This is now a fashion trend with western explorers—to measure the sizes of native pricks, with women doing the honours  .

The muffs made up some immoral stories to screw Hinduism,--to show that ancient Hindus weresavages who did human sacrifices .

QUOTE : Vatsayana,a Vedic Sage in Varanasi during the later first Century was approached by the King in the Himalayan region (now Nepal) to find a solution to convert the tribals and their rituals of human sacrifice to a more socially accepted worship. The Sage suggested the worship of a tantric goddess Tara that spread towards the eastern Himalayan belt till the Garo Hills where the tribals worshipped a fertility 'yoni' goddess 'Kameke'. It was much later in the later Brahaminical period Kalika Purana that most tantric goddess were related to the legend of 'Shakti' and began to be erroneously worshipped as a 'devi' by the Hindus.  According to the Kalika Purana, Kamakhya Temple denotes the spot where Sati used to retire in secret to satisfy her amour with Shiva, and it was also the place where her yoni fell after Shiva danced with the corpse of Sati. .Vatsayana was the one who created the goddess Tara among the tribals. This goddess was later worshiped as Kamakhya UNQUOTE

Such immoral lies.

As per legend , the uterus of Lord Shiva’s wife Sati fell at Chengannur in Kerala—and there is a Bhagwati temple there.

Amjad Khan ( Sholay fame ) acted in a Boolywood movie Utsav in 1984 , , where he portrays Vatsayana. This movie was directed by the NEW WORLD ORDER man Girish Karnad.  

See there are prized to be won if you denigrate Hinduism. Hindus were aghast. 

The producer Shashi Kapoor, incurred a loss of Rs 1.5 crore after the film's release in 1984, despite casting his own daughter Sanjana in the movie. 

The foreign funded media went GA GA about the movie.



Rishi Vatsyayana, the author of Kama Sutra, at this point of time, hasn’t completed his magnum opus. He is still discovering new asanas (  sexual positions ), and is in the midst of writing his treatise on man-woman relationships.

There is a scene in a whorehouse . Rishi Vatsyayana is holding forth on the philosophy of sex and pleasure, and answering questions from the courtesans. He comes there to research the various asana/mudra for his Kama Sutra, and explains to the interested whores that he’s stuck on the 28th asana.  



His disciple interrupts the learned discourse and urgently summons him upstairs to peep into one of the house’s pleasure chambers.  



Below: PEEPING TOM, bad baaad perverted maharishi Vatsyayana





And lo! Vatsyayana has discovered the 29th asana—as a PEEPING TOM  –like our own dastard at the Karachi homosexual brothel.
.


Our dastard saved the world— the muffs wrote –

QUOTE Because of the complex and rather inaccessible style of Sanskrit ( which only Doniger and dastard could figure out ) in which it was written, the Kama Sutra for many centuries fell into obscurity.  Scholars of Sanskrit and ancient India did not much consult it. It was not until the late 19th century that the Kama Sutra again began to resume its former prominence in the textual traditions of India. That resurgence came about after the 1870s when Sir Richard Burton, the noted linguist translated the sutras - UNQUOTE

The muffs wrote :-
Besides the treatise of Vatsyayana the following works on the same subject are procurable in India:—
The Ratirahasya, or secrets of love.
The Panchasakya, or the five arrows.
The Smara Pradipa, or the light of love.
The Ratimanjari, or the garland of love.
The Rasmanjari, or the sprout of love.
The Anunga Runga, or the stage of love; also called Kamaledhiplava, or a boat in the ocean of love.

Hey, how about the bhalley--nay--valley of lobe --nay--love ?

Here are some gems –
By making this woman my friend I shall gain the object of some friend of mine, or shall be able to effect the ruin of some enemy, or shall accomplish some other difficult purpose.
By being united with this woman, I shall kill her husband, and so obtain his vast riches which I covet.
The husband of this woman has violated the chastity of my wives, I shall therefore return that injury by seducing his wives.
My enemy is a friend of this woman's husband, I shall therefore cause her to join him, and will thus create an enmity between her husband and him.
Man is divided into three classes, viz., the hare man, the bull man, and the horse man, according to the size of his lingam.(  yes of course , the dastard went around measuring pricks )
Woman also, according to the depth of her yoni, is either a female deer, a mare, or a female elephant.

The horse and mare, the bull and deer, form the high union, while the horse and deer form the highest union. On the female side, the elephant and bull, the mare and hare, form low unions, while the elephant and the hare make the lowest unions.

When a man enjoys many women altogether, it is called the "congress of a herd of cows."  TEE HEEEEE !

Striking is of four kinds, viz.:
Striking with the back of the hand.
Striking with the fingers a little contracted.
Striking with the fist.
Striking with the open palm of the hand.

Hey, how about a nice Karate chop with a Kung Fu chop thrown in for good measure ?  Oh I forgot Maharishi Vatsa did NOT know Karate.

Besides these, there are also words having a meaning, such as "mother," and those that are expressive of prohibition, sufficiency, desire of liberation, pain or praise, and to which may be added sounds like those of the dove, the cuckoo, the green pigeon, the parrot, the bee, the sparrow, the flamingo, the duck, and the quail, which are all occasionally made use of.

Hey, how about a red hen ?

Blows with the fist should be given on the back of the woman, while she is sitting on the lap of the man, and she should give blows in return, abusing the man as if she were angry, and making the cooing and the weeping sounds. While the woman is engaged in congress the space between the breasts should be struck with the back of the hand, slowly at first, and then proportionately to the increasing excitement, until the end.

Oh boy !  Did a maharishi tell all this ?

At this time the sounds Hin and others may be made, alternately or optionally, according to habit. When the man, making the sound Phât, strikes the woman on the head, with the fingers of his hand a little contracted, it is called Prasritaka, which means striking with the fingers of the hand a little contracted. In this case the appropriate sounds are the cooing sound, the sound Phât, and the sound Phut in the interior of the mouth, and at the end of congress the sighing and weeping sounds. The sound Phât is an imitation of the sound of a bamboo being split, while the sound Phut is like the sound made by something falling into water.

Hey, how about sound of canvas being torn? Say KRRRRRRR ?

At all times when kissing and such like things are begun, the woman should give a reply with a hissing sound. During the excitement when the woman is not accustomed to striking, she continually utters words expressive of prohibition, sufficiently, or desire of liberation, as well as the words "father," "mother," intermingled with the sighing, weeping and thundering sounds. Towards the conclusion of the congress, the breasts, the jaghana, and the sides of the woman should be pressed with the open palms of the hand, with some force, until the end of it, and then sounds like those of the quail, or the goose should be made.

Hey, what is sauce for the goose,  aint so for the gander ? So we are a stupid race,  right?

Anybody who want to find out what is “congress of the crow” can send an fax to Doniger or the dastard .

When a girl cannot meet her lover frequently in private, she should send the daughter of her nurse to him, it being understood that she has confidence in her relations. She should also quote samples of many girls of ancient times, such as Sakuntala and others, who, having united themselves with lovers of their own caste and their own choice, were ever happy afterwards in their society.

Note: The immoral white invader created a FAKE and backdated Kalidasa , to show that he existed before they came to India – he wrote a play about the FAKE Shakuntala and her son Bharat, and thus converted India ( Bharat ) as a very late entity.


In the country of the Vaidarbhas the sons of the royal ladies enter the royal harem when they please, and enjoy the women, with the exception of their own mothers. In the Stri-rajya the wives of the King are enjoyed by his caste fellows and relations. In the Ganda country the royal wives are enjoyed by Brahmans, friends, servants, and slaves. In the Samdhava country, servants, foster children, and other persons like them enjoy the women of the harem. In the country of the Haimavatas adventurous citizens bribe the sentinels and enter the harem. In the country of the Vanyas and the Kalmyas, Brahmans, with the knowledge of the King, enter the harem under the pretence of giving flowers to the ladies, and speak with them from behind a curtain, and from such conversation union afterwards takes place. Lastly, the women in the harem of the King of the Prachyas conceal one young man in the harem for every batch of nine or ten of the women.


Hey , how about KUNDI country – ( in Malayalam Kundi means as$hole )


Here are Kamasutra chapters 5 and 6 contents , of Doniger and the dastard .

5. Paradarikadhikaranam - About the wives of other people; On Extra Marital Relations

Chapters on behavior of woman and man, encounters to get acquainted, examination of sentiments, the task of go-between, the king's pleasures, behavior in the women's quarters (6 chapters). This section of the Kama Sutra consisted of six chapters on behavior of women and men. It included advice on the methods of seducing another mans wife, including encounters for getting acquainted, examination of sentiments, the tasks and advantages of go-betweens, the king’s pleasures such as his harem and ways the brave could circumvent security measures and enjoy those pleasures themselves, as well as the proper behavior of a Hindu gentleman in the gynoecium or womens apartments.

6. Vaishikam - About courtesans


Chapters on advice of the assistants on the choice of lovers, looking for a steady lover, ways of making money, renewing friendship with a former lover, occasional profits, profits and losses (6 chapters). Section Six of the Kama Sutra consisted of six chapters on making the best use of the advice of the assistants on choosing lovers, the search for a steady lover, the courtesans skill set and ways of making money, how best to renew friendship with a former lover, creating occasional profits and dealing with profits and losses associated with being a courtesan. 


As per the muffs ,here are the lost Kama works

 * Kâmashâstra of Nandi or Nandikeshvara. (1000 chapters)
 * Kâmashâstra of Auddalaki Shvetaketu (500 chapters)
 * Kâmashâstra or Bâbhravyakârikâ
 * Kâmashâstra of Chârâyana
 * Kâmashâstra of Ghotakamukha
 * Kâmashâstra of Gonardîya
 * Kâmashâstra of Gonikâputra
 * Kâmashâstra of Dattaka. According to the legend, the author Dattaka was transformed into a woman.
 * Kâmashâstra or Ratinirnaya of Suvarnanâbha


Hey, we must thank Doniger  and the dastard for bringing us from darkness to light..


WANNA READ SOME AUTHENTIC MAHARISHI VATSA STUFF ?

THIS IS WHAT MAKES A BHARATIYA NAARI .   

THIS IS NOT FOR CHUTNET MARYs WHO WATCH THE BOLD AND THE BEAUTIFUL.

QUOTE: A virtuous woman, who has affection for her husband, should act in conformity with his wishes as if he were a divine being, and with his consent should take upon herself the whole care of his family.

She should keep the whole house well cleaned, and arrange flowers of various kinds in different parts of it, and make the floor smooth and polished so as to give the whole a neat and becoming appearance.

She should surround the house with a garden, and place ready in it all the materials required for the morning, noon and even sacrifices. Moreover she should herself revere the sanctuary of the Household Gods,  "nothing so much attracts the heart of a householder to his wife as a careful observance of the things mentioned above."

Towards the parents, relations, friends, sisters, and servants of her husband she should behave as they deserve.

In the garden she should plant beds of green vegetables, bunches of the sugar cane, and clumps of the fig tree, the mustard plant, the parsley plant, the fennel plant, and the xanthochymus pictorius.

Clusters of various flowers, such as the trapa bispinosa, the jasmine, the gasminum grandiflorum, the yellow amaranth, the wild jasmine, the tabernamontana coronaria, the nadyaworta, the china rose and others, should likewise be planted, together with the fragrant grass andropogon schænanthus, and the fragrant root of the plant andropogon miricatus.

She should also have seats and arbours made in the garden, in the middle of which a well, tank, or pool should be dug.

The wife should always avoid the company of female beggars, female buddish mendicants, unchaste and roguish women, female fortune tellers and witches.

As regards meals she should always consider what her husband likes and dislikes, and what things are good for him, and what are injurious to him. When she hears the sounds of his footsteps coming home she should at once get up, and be ready to do whatever he may command her, and either order her female servant to wash his feet, or wash them herself.

When going anywhere with her husband, she should put on her ornaments, and without his consent she should not either give or accept invitations, or attend marriages and sacrifices, or sit in the company of female friends, or visit the temples of the Gods.

And if she wants to engage in any kind of games or sports, she should not do it against his will. In the same way she should always sit down after him, and get up before him, and should never awaken him when he is asleep. The kitchen should be situated in a quiet and retired place, so as not to be accessible to strangers, and should always look clean.

In the event of any misconduct on the part of her husband, she should not blame him excessively though she be a little displeased. She should not use abusive language towards him, but rebuke him with conciliatory words, whether he be in the company of friends or alone. Moreover, she should not be a scold,  "there is no cause of dislike on the part of a husband so great as this characteristic in a wife."

Lastly she should avoid bad expressions, sulky looks, speaking aside, standing in the doorway, and looking at passers-by, conversing in the pleasure groves, and remaining in a lonely place for a long time; and finally she should always keep her body, her teeth, her hair, and everything belonging to her tidy, sweet, and clean.

When the wife wants to approach her husband in private her dress should consist of many ornaments, various kinds of flowers, and a cloth decorated with different colours, and some sweet-smelling ointments or unguents.

But her every-day dress should be composed of a thin, close-textured cloth, a few ornaments and flowers, and a little scent, not too much. She should also observe the fasts and vows of her husband, and when he tries to prevent her doing this, she should persuade him to let her do it.

At appropriate times of the year, and when they happen to be cheap, she should buy earth, bamboos, firewood, skins, and iron pots, as also salt and oil. Fragrant substances, vessels made of the fruit of the plant wrightea antidysenterica, or oval leaved wrightea, medicines, and other things which are always wanted, should be obtained when required and kept in a secret place of the house.

The seeds of the radish, the potato, the common beet, the Indian wormwood, the mangoe, the cucumber, the egg plant, the kushmanda, the pumpkin gourd, the surana, the bignonia indica, the sandal wood, the premna spinosa, the garlic plant, the onion, and other vegetables, should be bought and sown at the proper seasons.

The wife, moreover, should not tell to strangers the amount of her wealth, nor the secrets which her husband has confided to her.

She should surpass all the women of her own rank in life in her cleverness, her appearance, her knowledge of cookery, her pride, and her manner of serving her husband.

The expenditure of the year should be regulated by the profits. The milk that remains after the meals should be turned into ghee or clarified butter. Oil and sugar should be prepared at home; spinning and weaving should also be done there; and a store of ropes and cords, and barks of trees for twisting into ropes should be kept.

She should also attend to the pounding and cleaning of rice, using its small grain and chaff in some way or other. She should pay the salaries of the servants, look after the tilling of the fields, and keeping of the flocks and herds, superintend the making of vehicles, and take care of the rams, cocks, quails, parrots, starlings, cuckoos, peacocks, monkeys, and deer; and finally adjust the income and expenditure of the day.

The worn-out clothes should be given to those servants who have done good work, in order to show them that their services have been appreciated, or they may be applied to some other use.

The vessels in which wine is prepared, as well as those in which it is kept, should be carefully looked after, and put away at the proper time. All sales and purchases should also be well attended to.

The friends of her husband she should welcome by presenting them with flowers, ointment, incense, betel leaves, and betel nut. Her father-in-law and mother-in law she should treat as they deserve, always remaining dependant on their will, never contradicting them, speaking to them in few and not harsh words, not laughing loudly in their presence, and acting with their friends and enemies as with her own.

In addition to the above she should not be vain, or too much taken up with her enjoyments. She should be liberal towards her servants, and reward them on holidays and festivals; and not give away anything without first making it known to her husband. UNQUOTE

Below: Calicut is my hometown , I know more about Nilgiris ( blue mountains ) than the dastard.




The following are the arts to be studied, together with the Kama Sutra:
  * Singing
 * Playing on musical instruments
 * Dancing
  * Writing and drawing
 * Tattooing with mehndi
 * Arraying and adorning an idol with rice and flowers
 * Spreading and arranging beds or couches of flowers, or flowers upon the ground
 * Colouring the teeth, garments, hair, nails and bodies, i.e. staining, dyeing, colouring and painting the same
 * Fixing stained glass into a floor
 * The art of making beds, and spreading out carpets and cushions for reclining
 * Playing on musical glasses filled with water
* Picture making, trimming and decorating
 * Stringing of rosaries, necklaces, garlands and wreaths
* Art of preparing perfumes and odours
 * Proper disposition of jewels and decorations, and adornment in dress
  * Quickness of hand or manual skill
 * Culinary art, i.e. cooking and cookery
 * Making lemonades, sherbets, acidulated drinks with proper flavour and colour
 * Tailor's work and sewing
 * Making parrots, flowers, tufts, tassels, bunches, bosses, knobs, etc., out of yarn or thread
 * Solution of riddles, enigmas, covert speeches, verbal puzzles and enigmatical questions
 * A game, which consisted in repeating verses, and as one person finished, another person had to commence at once, repeating another verse, beginning with the same letter with which the last speaker's verse ended, whoever failed to repeat was considered to have lost, and to be subject to pay a forfeit or stake of some kind ( modern antakshari )
 * The art of mimicry or imitation
 * Reading, including chanting and intoning
 * Study of sentences difficult to pronounce. It is played as a game chiefly by women, and children and consists of a difficult sentence being given, and when repeated quickly, the words are often transposed or badly pronounced
 * Practice with sword, single stick, quarter staff and bow and arrow
 * Drawing inferences, reasoning or inferring
  * Knowledge about gold and silver coins, and jewels and gems
 * Chemistry and mineralogy
 * Colouring jewels, gems and beads
  * Gardening; knowledge of treating the diseases of trees and plants, of nourishing them, and determining their ages
 *  Art of teaching parrots and starlings to speak
 * Art of applying perfumed ointments to the body, and of dressing the hair with unguents and perfumes and braiding it
 * The art of understanding writing in cypher, and the writing of words in a peculiar way
 * The art of speaking by changing the forms of words. It is of various kinds. Some speak by changing the beginning and end of words, others by adding unnecessary letters between every syllable of a word, and so on
 * Knowledge of language and of the vernacular dialects
 * Art of making flower carriages
 * Art of framing mystical diagram yantras, of addressing spells and charms, and binding armlets
 * Mental exercises, such as completing stanzas or verses on receiving a part of them; or supplying one, two or three lines when the remaining lines are given indiscriminately from different verses, so as to make the whole an entire verse with regard to its meaning; or arranging the words of a verse written irregularly by separating the vowels from the consonants, or leaving them out altogether; or putting into verse or prose sentences represented by signs or symbols. There are many other such exercises.
 * Composing poems
 * Knowledge of dictionaries and vocabularies
 * Knowledge of ways of changing and disguising the appearance of persons
 * Knowledge of the art of changing the appearance of things, such as making cotton to appear as silk, coarse and common things to appear as fine and good
* Skill in youthful sports
 * Knowledge of the rules of society, and of how to pay respect and compliments to others
 * Knowledge of the art of war, of arms, of armies, etc.
* Art of knowing the character of a man from his features
 * Knowledge of scanning or constructing verses
 * Arithmetical recreations
 * Making artificial flowers

 * Making figures and images in clay

Maharishi Vatsa wanted to make sexual intercourse during the GRIHASTA period a happy act, so that the couple does NOT stray , or the woman does NOT close her eyes while her man is laboring over her imagining her neighbor .

This is what happens today , right?

Next time you do the job watch if her eyes are shut or open looking at you.

Today you can marry the most beautiful woman on the planet, after 6 months the joy of sex is missing.  
The reason is men screw like rabbits .

During normal vaginal sexual intercourse, the nerve endings in the man's penis are stimulated, but not the nerve endings in the woman's clitoris.

Only 25% of all women get an orgasm through vaginal sexual intercourse.

There is also a electrical spot inside the vagina, which can be stimulated to give an orgasm called the G spot, which gives the woman mind blowing prolonged orgasms. Only one in a million women on this planet today ever experienced real sexual pleasure.

They have passed on from this planet, without know marital bliss.

Women when exploding in an intense orgasm can ejaculate copius liquids. It is a mixture of lubricating liquid, liquid from the paraurethral glands, liquid from the Bartholini glands and a small quantity of involuntary urine.

The feeling of enervated exhaustion , quivering inner thigh muscles and every cell in her body infused and resonating , following the feminine ejaculation together with the male is the goal of Kamasutra .

Or the woman will be a NAG very soon .

I am sure you all know what I am talking about.  

The Gräfenberg spot, or G-spot, is a small area in the genital area of women behind the pubic bone and surrounding the urethra is lifted from the ancient KAMASUTRA .


With his organ established in her temple of cupid (madan-mandir), the man should direct his strokes in various directions, and wherever she rotates her eyeballs with pleasure, that is the aim that should be targeted. This indeed, is the deep secret of female life. (2.8.16)


 Thus, men and women relish similar joy in physical union, reaching the same kind of pleasure. However, before commencing the actual act, a woman should be entertained with suitable foreplay so that she peaks before the male (2.1.30), since generally it is seen that men discharge before women climax (2.1.34), leaving the latter unfulfilled.

Only when she is thus softened and moist, should penetration be performed. (2.8.19)

With a man exhausted by constant amorous labor, but not yet satiated, a woman, with his consent, should make him lie under her and help by assuming the man’s role. (2.8.1)


Even a sensual woman, being naturally reserved and prone to hiding her emotions, when on top, out of passion lays bare all her heart’s contents. A man should thus detect the nature of a woman’s affection by her actions during the reversal of roles. (2.8.39-40)


If her husband takes the name of a co-wife in front of her, or calls her by her rival’s name, under no condition is the woman to tolerate it. She should immediately start a quarrel, weep, make all kinds of trouble, scatter her hair, hit him, and removing all her ornaments should fall down to the ground. (2.10.27)

Punch into Google search-

NAGGING, UNHAPPINESS AT HOME , DEATH OF MARRIAGE VADAKAYIL



The six pointed star which the Jews have usurped (  rather given to them – by the Namboodiris from Kerala who founded Judaism ) is a Yantra – depicting the union of Shiva and Shakti 



Shakti ( triangle facing up ) had rushed up into the arms of Shiva ( triangle facing down ) .



NO -- THERE IS NO HOMOSEXUALITY OR TRANSGENDER SEX INVOLVED , UNLESS  YOUR MIND IS PERVERTED.


QUOTE-Burton died in Trieste early on the morning of 20 October 1890 of a heart attack. . On his religious views, Burton called himself an atheist. Isabel never recovered from the loss. After his death she burned many of her husband's papers, including journals and a planned new translation of The Perfumed Garden to be called The Scented Garden, for which she had been offered six thousand guineas and which she regarded as his "magnum opus". She believed she was acting to protect her husband's reputation, and that she had been instructed to burn the manuscript of The Scented Garden by his spirit, but her actions have been widely condemned- UNQUOTE

Isabel wrote a biography in praise of her husband. Whatever good things you hear of our dastard is thanks to his wife who had no children.



Below:  Burton wanted to be buried at Westminister Abbey -- but the answer was NO.



The couple are buried in a remarkable tomb in the shape of a Bedouin tent, designed by Isabel, in the cemetery of St Mary Magdalen Roman Catholic Church Mortlake in southwest London.  

It depicts Burton as a medieval knight.



Indeed a black knight whose travel  books are full of opinionated and racist rantings about the laziness and general hopelessness of people without white skin .  

Gen Napier nearly threw up when he read a UNCASTRATED ( read as unabridged ) written report on pederasty , the sizes of the "organs" of different races,  reams of information on clitorectomy , the various ways of making eunuchs, how is it easier to have anal intercourse with a proper Karachi boy having a greased scrotum “bridge” ( sic !) than a transvestite without one .


Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

SINCE THERE ARE MORE THAN 200 COMMENTS – CLICK ON “LOAD MORE” TO SEE THE REST OF THE COMMENTS.


Grace and peace !






yogena cittasya padena vacam
malam sarirasya ca vaidyakena
yopakarottam pravaram muninam
patanjalim pranjaliranato'smi

abahu purusakaram
sankha cakrasi dharinam
sahasra sirasam svetam
pranamami patanjalim

hari om

To purify the mind (citta), Patanjali gave the science of yoga (yogena) to us.
To purify our use of words (pada) and speech (vaca), he gave commentary on grammar
To remove the impurities (malam) of the body (sarira), he gave us the science of medicine (vaidyakena).
Let me go near the one who has given these things to us.
Let me bow down my head with my folded hands to Lord Patanjali. 

From the hand up to the head he has the shape (karam) of a human (purusa.)
In his hand he is holding the conch (sankha) and the disc (cakra.)
On top of his head (sirasam) he has got a thousand (sahasra) hoods of cobra, because he is the incarnation of Adishesha, the greatest cobra (Svetam means white).
I bow down to that Patanjali.
*********************************************************************
SOUNDARYA LAHARI BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SAUNDARYA  LAHARI 




Mahim muladhare kamapi manipure huthavaham
Sthitham svadhistane hridi marutamakasam upari;
Mano'pi bhruu-madhye sakalamapi bhittva kula-patham
Sahasrare padme saha rahasi patyaa viharase.

Sudha-dhara-sarais carana-yugalanta vigalitaih
Prapancham sinchanti punarapi ras'amnaya-mahasah;
Avapya svam bhumim bhujaga-nibham adhyusta-valayam
Svam atmanam krtva svapishi kulakunde kuharini.

Jagat suthe dhata harir avati rudrah kshapayate
Tiraskurvan etat svam api vapurisastirayati;
Sada-purvah sarvam tad idamanugrhnati cha Shiva-
Stavajnam aalambya kshana-chalitayor bhru-latikayoh.

Japo jalpah shilpam sakalam api mudra-virachana
Gatih pradaksinya-kramanam asanady'ahuti-vidhih;
Pranamah samvesah sukham akilam atmarpana-drsa
Saparya-paryayas tava bhavatu yan me vilasitam.

Thava swadhishtane huthavahamadhishtaya niratham
Thameede sarvatha janani mahathim tham cha samayam
Yadhaloke lokan dhahathi mahasi krodha kalithe
Dhayardhra ya drushti sishiramupacharam rachayathi.

Thavadhare mole saha samayaya lasyaparaya
Navathmanam manye navarasa maha thandava natam;
Ubhabhya Methabhyamudaya vidhi muddhisya dhayaya
Sanadhabyam jagne janaka jananimatha jagathidam.

Vibhaktha-traivarnyam vyatikaritha-lila'njanathaya
Vibhati tvan-netra-trithayam idam Isana-dayite;
Punah strashtum devan Druhina-Hari-Rudran uparatan
Rajah sattvam vibhrat thama ithi gunanam trayam iva.


Mahim muladhare kamapi manipure huthavaham!﻿


Linga Bhairavi— so now we hindus have 33 crore plus one gods..    

Very soon there will be a cooked up legend.   

The more the merrier, right?    

Very soon there will be Linga Bhairavi pendants – whaaa ?  

free ? 

–only in your dreams !












This is what the vulgar white historian and his Indian stooges write about Saundarya Lahari.

Let me quote-

QUOTE : It is said that once Adi Shankara visited Kailash to worship Shiva and Parvathi. There, the Lord gave him a manuscript containing 100 verses which described the many facets of the Goddess, as a gift to him.  While Shankara was returning after visiting Kailash, Nandi stopped him on the way. He snatched the manuscript from him, tore it into two, took one part and gave the other to Shankara.   Shankara, desolate, ran to Shiva and narrated the incident to him. Shiva, smiling, commanded him to retain the 41 verses with him as the initial part of the 100 verses and then, write an extra 59 verses in praise of the Goddess himself: UNQUOTE



BAD BAD NANDI—

FIRST HE WROTE A BAD BAD BOOK BY THE NAME OF KAMASUTRA BY PLAYING PEEPING TOM INTO SHIVA’S AND PARVATI’S BED ROOM ( AS PER THE IMMORALWHITE INVADER)-

—AND NOW THE BAAD BAAD BULL NANDI WANTS TO TEAR A BOOK ?!

TOBA TOBA !!



Wikipedia says that Adi Shankaracharya dies in 820 AD.   

So baad baad Nandi the bull was around at that time with Lord Shiva , right ?  

Sipping Coke too and eating Kentucky fried chicken, for good measure ?

Are we stupid ?
















Hey, the immoralwhite invader even made Adi Shankaracharya learn KAMASUTRA – all of it-homosexuality, anal sex, transgender sex—the lot—whatever Sir Richard Francis Brurton wrote .

Punch into Google search-
MANDANA MISRA WIKIPEDIA


QUOTE - The debate spanned many days and ranged across many different subjects within the Vedas, and the arguments of both competitors were compelling and forceful.   Sankara finally emerged victorious.   But Maṇḍana's wife, who was the judge, would not accept an ascetic as having complete knowledge since he did not have any knowledge about kama sastras (rules about marital life).   Sankara was then given a month to research certain aspects of sex-love sciences and then resume the debate. According to legend, he entered into the body of a king who had just died in order to learn these sciences. Later, after obtaining the necessary knowledge, the debate resumed. --UNQUOTE 

The verses of Saundarya Lahari is all about the power of human INTENTION  (using Mantra ,Yantra and Tantra).

So you will understand the essence of this post only if you read the post below.

Punch into Google search-

THE VEDIC QUANTUM INTENTION EXPERIMENT COCONUT BREAKING VADAKAYIL

Again each of the 100 verses has its own Yantra.  Every Yantra has an inherent sound or sounds in it.
You will understand it, only if you know the contents of the posts below.

All those who think that Vedas  (penned down 7000 years ago , after thousands of years by oral route) are about bumpkin shepherds running around looking for lost cows— well, they are in for some surprise.

Punch into Google search-

SHABDA BRAHMAN , THE BEAT OF THE DAMARU, DRUM OF LORD SHIVA VADAKAYIL

Sound mantras have their visual cymatics form too.

Punch into Google search-
KOLAM DESIGNS , INAUDIBLE MANTRAS VIDE VISUAL CYMATICS VADAKAYIL


Dimwits will never ever understand the tools of Hinduism.  For Sanatana Dharma was developed by 12 strand DNA ( NILjunk)  maharishis .  

Today a 2 strand 97% junk DNA human being will think this is all mumbo jumbo—  for he has lost the ability to even have INTENTION, leave alone have a VISION for anything creative .

Adi Shankaracharya has always been credited with the ADVAITA ( non-dual) form of Hinduism.

The Hindu god is basically a MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD , unseen .  The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn,  the akasha , the space between the electrons in an atom at the micro level and the ether of the cosmos at the macro level.

Islam has lifted from this concept.

But here in Soundarya Lahari he clearly talks about the DVAITA ( dual ) form of Hindusim –the trinity of BRAHMA / VISHNU/ SHIVA as CREATOR/ MEDIATOR / DESTROYER .

Verse no 24 show clearly that he must be given credit for DVAITA VEDANTA .

"Jagathsoothe Dhaathaa Hariravathi Rudraha Kshapayathe 
Thiraskurvannethathsavamapi Vapureeshasthirayathi! 
Sadaapoorvaha Sarvam Thadidamanugruhnaathi Cha Shivaha 
Thavaagnaamaalambya Kshanachalithayobhoorlathikayoho!"

Literal Meaning:   "Brahma brings forth the Universe, Hari( Vishnu) sustains and protects it, Rudra destroys it, and Esha (Maheshwara) absorbs all these Deities (including the Universe in involution) into Himself and disappears into Sadashiva (the Ultimate Category). Then (when it is time for a new cycle of creation to begin) Adaashiva, on receiving the mandate from Thee by a movement of Thy creeper-like brows, blesses (i.e. manifests and restores) them into activity (as before in the previous cycle)."

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution. 

 Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.   One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Examples:-
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catabolism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious

The DVAITA form of Hinduism is explained in the post below.

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

There is a third form of Hinduism by the name of Samkhya philosophy .   

Saundarya Lahari reveals that Adi Shankaracharya has explained this too very clearly .   It is about Shiva (male ) / Shakti (female ).

The first verse itself clearly describes this idea. “United with Shakti, Shiva is endowed with power to create; or otherwise, he is incapable even of movement.” 

Shivah Shakthyaa Yuktho Yadi Bhavathi Shakthaha Prabhavithum
Na Chedevam Devo Na Khalu Kushalaha Sphandithumapi

Translation Verse No 1 : Shiva becomes capable of creating the Universe, only when united with Shakthi , but otherwise , He is incapable of even a stir.

Pea brained females must NOT get their tails up —this is NOT about women’s lib.

The first 41 verses are called Ananda Lahari -waves of bliss , revealed by Shiva himself to Adi Shankaracharya at Mount Kailash .  These verses describe mystical union of Lord Shiva and his consort Shakti touching upon tantra,  yantra and mantra.

Adi Shankaracharya was closely associated with the Kedarnath Temple.

Punch into Google search-
6000 YEAR OLD KEDARNATH TEMPLE, THE HIGHEST AMONG THE TWELVE JYOTIRLINGA SHIVA TEMPLES VADAKAYIL

Verses 42 to 100 verses composed by Adi Shankara eulogize the beauty, grace and munificence of goddess Parvati ( Shakti/ Devi) consort of Shiva and has created by Adi Shankaracharya at Chitramoola cave ( Kudajadri mountain- Karnataka ) , when the Devi appeared before him .

Punch into Google search-

KUDAJADRI MOUNTAIN, CHITRAMOOLA CAVE, ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL

SLOKA NO. 38:-
"Samunmeelathsamvithkamalamakarandaikarasikam
Bhajey Hamsadvandvam Kimapi Mahathaam Maanasacharam!
Yadaalaapaadashtaadashagunithavidyaaparinathihi
Yadaadaththey Doshaagunamakhilamadbhayaha Paya Iva!"

"Oh Mother! I adore the pair of Swans (Shiva-Shakthi) who take delight in imbibing the honey of the full-blown lotus of knowledge of the anaahatha-chakra, and who swim in the minds of the great. Their mutual conversation is what have become the eighteen arts, and they separate good from evil, the way the swans separate the milk from the water."

The eighteen arts mentioned in Verse No. 38 are;  The 4 Vedas, Siksha, Kalpam, Vyakaranam, Niruktam, Sandas, Jyotisham, Meemamsam, Nyayam, Puranam, Dharma Shastram, Ayurvedam, Dhanurvedam, Gandarva Vedam and Needi Shastram.

In the Tantric cosmology, the whole universe is perceived as being created, penetrated and sustained by two fundamental forces, which are permanently in a perfect, indestructible union. These forces or universal aspects are called Shiva and Shakti.

Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
There is no place that He is not.
There is no place that She is not.
They are one and the same.
She is in every thing.
She is in every word.
She is all there is.
See Her in all things.
Hear Her in all sounds.
Know Her in all thoughts.
Feel Her in all feelings.
She is all there is.
She is the one in the three worlds.
Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
That is the secret.

Tantric art has captured the images of the Hindu god Shiva and his consort, the goddess Shakti, in ecstatic union.  This is NOT perverted sex.  

Shiva is recognized as the embodiment of pure consciousness, and Shakti as the embodiment of pure energy.  Through uniting with Shiva, Shakti gave form to his spirit and created the universe. 

SHIVA symbolizes consciousness, the masculine principle. SHAKTI symbolizes the feminine principle, the activating energy.

The cosmos in all its manifestations, as an act of love. The relationship between Shakti and Shiva is the dance of consciousness and energy experienced within each of us, regardless of gender.

Shiva resides in the highest Sahasrāra Chakra and Shakti in the lowest Mūlādhāra Chakra. When Prakriti and Purusha unite in the Sahasrāra Chakra ( raising of Kundalini ) , knowledge, knower and the object of knowledge become one.  



Once we have experienced this no desires remain within us because we realise unequivocally that everything we have ever yearned for is carried within us.  

In this state of absolute consciousness there are no polarities and therefore no more sorrows; there is only everlasting joy, unconditional love, unlimited compassion and total understanding for all living beings.

To understand what follows , you must have perception—or it will bounce off.

Sankhya philosophy unified the Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hinduism in a most interesting manner.   Here when the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.  

Sankhya thus is a theory of evolution and understanding the universe. Prakriti cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety. It is perceived in its effects. 

In Sankhya, direct perception is the most important and fundamental source of all knowledge. When senses cannot directly perceive due to their limitations, inference is needed such as in philosophical disputations. The very existence of Purusa ( BrahmAn – morphogenetic consciousness ) is possible only through inference. 

In evolution, Prakriti is transformed and differentiated into multiplicity of objects. Evolution is followed by dissolution. In dissolution the physical existence, all the worldly objects mingle back into Prakriti, which now remains as the undifferentiated, primordial substance.  

Tantric system borrows the abstract dualism of Sankhya and modifies it into a personified male–female dualism. Prakriti functions by borrowing conscioussness from Purusha.

As we evolve, the spirit will control the mind and body to determine our thoughts, words and actions. At the apex of evolution, the mind takes its cues from the spirit and the body from the mind. Spirit is the principle of conscious life-- the vital principle in humans, animating the body or mediating between body and soul. 

There is no matter as such. Matter exists because of an intelligent force which holds the spiralling atoms . Energy when slowed down becomes coalesced matter which our 5 senses pick up. 

The holographic mind is the matrix of all matter.


Shiva represents the constitutive elements of the universe, while Shakti is the dynamic potency, which makes these elements come to life and act. The Samkhya philosophy promulgates a primordial cosmic duality. From the Tantric perspective, this "scheme" of creation is transformed, in the sense that the two cosmic principles are considered united, not separated. 

Tantrism confers to Shiva and Shakti the qualities of the feminine and masculine principles from the Samkhya philosophy. The eternal and indestructible union between Shiva and Shakti gives birth to the whole Macrocosm, in its stable, static aspect as well as in its dynamic one. Not only is Shakti responsible for creation, it is also the agent of all change



What is the Jewish symbol of the six pointed star of David.




It is a tantric symbol symbolizing two triangles representing Shakti from below merging into Shiva . This symbol was used by the disgraced Kerala Namboodiris who founded Judaism.







YANTRAS 

Yantras requires a sankalpa ( INTENTION/ commandment ) that  " I am doing on behalf of so and so for that particular purpose on this day".  You should mention name (for whom the yantra is required), father's name, gotra (family name), star and purpose for which the yantra is required in the sankalpa.

Verse NO 3



Verse No 10



Verse No 11


Verse No 18



Verse No 40


The power of Intention was effective like MAGIC when human being had better quality DNA and pineal glands. Today human DNA has degraded from 12 strand to 2 strand , and from NIL junk to 97% junk.  Adi Shankaracharya was the last mortal on this planet to have 12 strand DNA.

The king sized pineal glands of our ancient Maharishis , the size of a lemon is now a calcified atrophied and shriveled organ like a dried up raisin.

The pineal gland , a super conducting resonator has mystical powers. Once this third eye is developed it is far more powerful than any of your 5 human senses.

The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the pineal gland. As per quantum laws we are essentially electrical beings existing in a state of resonance with the electromagnetic field of the earth.

Dawn is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze.   At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head"—the reason why Surya Namaskar is done.

Punch into Google search-
SURYA NAMASKAR , ENLARGING YOUR PINEAL GLAND , DNA UPGRADE , 21ST DEC 2012 VADAKAYIL

Pranayama floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. If you are right handed you must breathe in via the left nostril. The pineal gland calcifies with age and melatonin production correspondingly decreases.

Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the SUPER ANTIOXIDANT of nature.  The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC). 

Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, the frequency of OM -- which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers.


Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst. DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold.

Pineal activation awakens normally latent neural pathways. Nerve fibers leave the pineal and make synaptic connections with other brain sites through traditional nerve-to-nerve connections, not just through endocrine secretions.
  
There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st century-- right? You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths.

Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .

Tesla, Einstein, Heisenberg, Shrodinger etc were all familiar with the Indian Vedanta, which had known " wave-particle duality" and " power of human INTENTION ",  10000 years ago-- where the invisible outside the narrow band of 5 human senses , is part of reality .

VEDIC MAHARISHIS HAD THE ABILITY TO GO ON EITHER SIDE OF THE NARROW BAND OF 5 HUMAN SENSES, WITH A KING SIZED RESONATING PINEAL GLAND. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME.

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use

While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of Darwin.

The sacred hyperdimensional geometry of DMT via hadronic mechanics is the Sri Yantra -- the universal phase-conjugational force .  

Verses No 22 and 31 has the 10000 year old Sri Yantra as the Yantra ( below ).



Sri Yantra is the highest yantra.   It is also called  Sri Chakra.




Sri Yantra which follows the Fibonacci series and the Golden ratio ( lifted from Vedic Mathematics )  is the mystical 3D holographic construct of the Cosmos by 9 VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES — 4 pointing upwards and 5 pointing downwards, as a sort of ying-yang balance.  



The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with Shiva and Shakti qualities making the magic number 108..    

108 is the numerical equivalent of OM , in sync with the rhythms of time and space and represents perfect totality.  

All mantras are repeated 108 times.  All prayer beads count up to 108.  

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .   

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons )--the rest are too short lived.  The 7000 year old Vedas explain Sri Yantra as a scientific, cosmic and planetary energy zone.

Gazing at the Sri Yantra connects the RH lobe of brain with the LH , thus improving mental performance.. The universe is a hologram as per our 10000 year old Sri Yantra which contains the Theory of Everything. 

Our universe has NO beginning and stretches out infinitely like the Klein bottle.  There is NO big Bang as this requires a place to bang it from.   Rather it is inhalation and exhalation.

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses.  Kalari has 108 marma points and .  In astrology 12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108.

Punch into Google search-

 SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING  VADAKAYIL

Energy in a vortex acts as a frequency converter. Our brain stores information in a holographic form. A zero point field has electromagnetic counter rotating energy spirals which interconnects with the larger macroscopic cosmos through which consciousness manifests into space-time-matter.








Below : Crop circle of Kalki avatar (the muffs are still wondering what it could be ) .






NOW IT IS TIME TO BREAK A FEW BOMBSHELLS.

THE WHITE INVADER HAS POISON INJECTED THE 4000 YEAR OLD SOUNDARYA LAHIRI TOO.


Some examples  :  Verses 13, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19 and 20 of Soundarya Lahari . 

A noble Maharishi and a genius like Adi Shankaracharya will NOT write such low caliber verses— and that too handed over to him by Lord Shiva while in a trance..

SLOKA NO.13:-
"Naram Varsheeyaamsam Nayanavirasam Narmasu Jadam
Thavaapaangaalokey Pathithamanudhaavanthi Shathasha!
Galaddveneebandhaaha Kuchalakalashavisrasthasichayaa
Hathaath Thrutyaathkaanchyo Vigalithadukoolaa Yuvathayaha!"

Literal Meaning: "If Thy gracious side-glance falls on a very decrepit old man who is ugly to look at and whose erotic sensibilities are dead, he will be followed in all haste, by love-lorn young women in their hundreds, having their locks scattered, their rounded breasts exposed by the loosening of their upper robes, and their girdles suddenly broken in excitement, thus letting their silken robes slip down."

Below: The immoral white invader cast hundreds of NAKED Shiva statues for our temples , which they controlled using the FAKE MUTT stooges and the EVR Periyar atheists 






Verse 13 is missing from the Original manuscript.  It is totally FAKE.

In the Linga Purana wherein the immoral white invader injected poison –Lord Shiva  seduces the wives of the Maharishis in the Deodar Forest who come to give him alms .  

Bhikshatana ( Lord Shiva naked ) roams around with a human skull as a begging bowl, and the Maharishis are very upset and have a confrontation with him.  Why not? Their wives were sexually excited at the mere sight of him. 

Below : The immoral white invader's gift to India.



A Tamil poem projected by the FAKE Kanchi MUTT says thus:

As he gazed at me
my garments slipped, I stood entranced,
I brought him alms
but nowhere did I see the Cunning One –
If I see him again
I shall press my body against his body
never let him go
that wanderer who lives in Ottiyur.

Below:  Naked wives of sages.




Wendy Doniger in the bookbelow , calls them the “wives of 7 sages “ Sapata Rishis.   Now all of you who have a GOTRA of the sapta rishis must know that their wives were NOT faithful to them



Getting back -
The sages curse his Linga to fall off and it becomes the infinite pillar—this is the extent the immoral white invedr has attacked Hindusim

The R stooge EVR Periyar followers converted Bhikshatana into a popular icon.  

The white invader cast the naked Shiva in bronze, and it can be seen with the dong hanging in almost every major Tamil Shiva temple. Such statues NEVER EVER existed before the white invader came to India.

In the Mylapore temple festival, the Bhikshatana icon is paraded in the streets along with four street dogs signifying the Vedas.  Images of Bhikshatana depict him clothed with tiger skin and other body ornaments, but displaying an erect phallus in Tamila Nadu and Orissa. 

 The naked, Shiva with an erect phallus was followed by the naked wives of the sages singing and totally love sick.

Why do Hindus tolerate these filthy cooked up lies.





SLOKA NO.15:-
"Sharathjyothsnaashubhraam Shashiyuthajataajootamakutaam
Varatthraasathraanasphatikaghatikaapusthakakaraa-m!
Sakrunna Thvaa Nathvaa Kathamiva Sathaam Sannidadhathe
Madhuksheeradraakshaamadhurimadhureenaaha Phanithayaha!"

Literal Meaning:  "How can torrents of words, excelling even honey, milk and grapes, help flowing from the mouth of good men who once make prostration to Thee who art endowed with the lustre of the autumnal moon, who art holding Thy hands in the pose of granting boons and offering protection, and sporting in the other two a rosary of crystal beads and a book, and who wearest the crescent moon in Thy crown of plaited locks!"

SLOKA NO.16:-
"Kaveendraanaam Chethahkamalavanabaalaathaparuchim
Bhajanthe Ye Santhaha Kathichidarunaameva Bhavatheem!
Virinchipreyasyaastharunatharashrungaaralaharee
Gabheeraabhirvaagbhirvidadhathi Sathaam Ranjanamamee!"

Literal Meaning: "O Mother, Thou Aruna, the crimson-coloured Goddess, art like the light of morning's rising sun to the lotus flowers constituted of the minds of gifted poets (helping as Thou dost, their poesy to blossom forth). Therefore, those devoted men who adore Thee become capable of delighting the minds of assemblies of literary connoisseurs with the majestic flow of their words surging like waves of erotic sentiments emanating from youthful Saraswathi; the Goddess of Learning."

SLOKA NO.17:-
"Savithribhirvaachaam Shashimanishilaabhangaruchibhihi
Vashinyaadyaabhisthvaam Saha Janani Sanchinthayanthi Yaha!
Sa Karthaa Kaavyaanaam Bhavathi Mahathaam Bhangiruchibhihi
Vachobhirvaagdeveevadanakamalaamodamadhuraihi-!"

Literal Meaning: O Mother! Those who meditate on Thee in association with Vashini and allied deities- who are all the sources of speech and whose radiance resembles the lustre of freshly cut moonstone-can become the authors of poetical works as delightful as those of great ones, and sweet with the fragrance of the mouth of Saraswathi, Goddess of poetry and learning."

Note: These Eight Goddesses ( Vagdevis ) are back dated creations of the immoral white invader --Vasini, Kameswari, Modini, Vimala, Aruna, Jayini, Sarveswari and Kaulini.


SLOKA NO.18:-
"Thanuchchaayaabhisthe Tharunatharanishreesaranibhihi
Divam Sarvaamurveemarunimanimagnaam Smarathi Yaha!
Bhavanthyasya Thrasyadvanaharinashaaleenanayanaaha
Sahorvashyaa Vashyaaha Kathi Kathi Na Geervaanaganikaahaa!"

Literal Meaning:"How can numerous celestial courtesans including Urvashi, with eyes bashful like those of a frightened deer of the forest, do not become fascinated by a person who meditates on the beauty of Thy form which bathes the heaven and the earth in its crimson radiance resembling the rising sun!"

Note: The FAKE Kalidasa ( back dated invention of the immoral white invader ) wrote the FAKE play Vikramōrvaśīyam, ( fashioned after Shakespeare's Midsummer Night's Dream ) about the sexual affair between celestial nymph  Urvashi and the married King Pururavas


SLOKA NO.19:-
"Mukham Bindum Krithvaa Kuchayugamadhasthasya Thadadho
Haraardha Dhyaayedhyo Haramahishi They Manmathakalaam!
Sa Sadyaha Sankshobham Nayathi Vanitha Ithyathilaghu
Thrilokeemapyaashu Bhramayathi Raveendusthanayugaam!'


Literal Meaning: "Oh Consort of Hara! The one who thinks of a woman's face in the bindu ( the dot in the triangle), her twin breasts below it and the half of the letter "H" still below, and contemplates Thy manmathakala on those spots ( and thus gets identified with her in meditation) will quickly stir the mind of any woman. This indeed is a trifle for him. For, in no time he can fascinate even the Thriloki ( the three worlds conceived as a woman) with the sun and moon as breasts."


TRANSLATION
- Making the face as the central locus
- The pair of breasts
- Beneath that
- Beneath ( even) that
- Better half of Hara (i.e. a triangle.)
- He who can meditate upon
- O wife of Shiva
- Your erotic aspect
- He without delay
- Cause mental disturbance
- To women
- This is negligible
- Even the One of the Three Worlds ( The absolute Goddess of the Three Worlds, known as Tripura Sundari )
- Quickly confounds
- As having sun and moon as breasts

Tripura Sundari Temple is  about 50 km from Agartala . During the time of the white invader ( never before ) the stooge priest conducted animal scarifices ( like at the Kamakhya temple in Guwahati ) which is NOT sanctioned by Sanatana Dharma ..

 Goats were brought with garlands round their necks, as offerings.  

A notice board there still showsthe the charges for goat and buffalo sacrifices. The Kalika Purana is a poison injected Purana , created by the immoral white invader.

Thi kalika purana was made out to be a manual on how to do HUMAN SACRIFICE , ritual intercourse before the devi idols, use of beef and drugs before a Tantra ritual etc.

Sanatana dharma did NOT have even animal sacrifice, leave alone human sacrifice.

Using this fake purana thousands of self loathing Hindu Indians have been converted to Christianity.

It is this poison injected and FAKE Kalika Purana by the vulgar white historian which gives bull that the Kamakhya Temple spot was the place Lord Shiva used to have intercourse with his wife Sati -- and where Sati’s YONI ( vagina ) fell .


The place where Sati’s uterus fell is Chengannur Bhawati temple shaktipeetham spot, in Kerala— a temple thousands of years older than the Tara devi's Kamakhya Temple of Assam. temple..




R had got a Kerala royal Raja Ravi Varma ( died 1906 ) who was a good painter to regularize the FAKE mistress of Lord krishna , Radha and the FAKE Dasas.   

R was grateful.  

In 1904, Viceroy Lord Curzon, an R stooge , on behalf of the King Emperor, bestowed upon Varma the Kaisar-i-Hind Gold Medal.

Bollywood Actress Hema Malani's music album 'Soundaryalahari' launch by Pt.Jasraj.   Amitabh Bachchan has given an introduction for the album.



To prop up the FAKE Kanchi mutt the white invader created , he cooked up a story that Adi Shankaracharya died in Kanchipuram.

The FAKE Kanchi mutt lost NO time in owning up Saundarya Lahiri. 

They created FAKE records QUOTE --When Adi Shankaracharya visited Kanchipuram he felt the goddess is in a ferocious mode that the entire sanctorum was very hot.  So to personify her and accomplish to her to normal state the saint sung songs in the praise of goddess named “Soundarya Lahari” then he established a Sri Chakra in front of her idol to keep her cool and personified.  This srichakram ( Sri Yantra ) is visible to all of us and all the poojas are done to srichakram too.  The Saint established Sri Kanchi Kamakoti Peetam and attained Sarvagyna peetam in this holy city-- UNQUOTE .

Punch into Google search-
KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE  VADAKAYIL


How many of you heard of the FAKE ChandiDAS, who went around singing the songs of the FAKE and back dated Jayadeva who wrote Gita Govinda, which describes the love affair of Lord Krishna with his mistress the FAKE Radha?

Nobody in India heard of Gita Govinda and poet Jayadeva , till an Englishman and R stooge SIR William Jones translated ( sic) it in 1792..  

Sir William Jones was used by Rothschild to create the theory of the Aryan invasion of India , who wrote our Vedas. 

And later Rothschild used our Lok Manya Bal Ganghadara Tilak to write a book ARCTIC HOME OF THE VEDAS, where a respected Indian ( Chitpavan Jew –nay—Brahmin ) told Indians that the priceless Vedas is indeed written by the white man .

The Gita Govinda consist of twelve chapter, further divided into twenty-four songs. Each song consists of eight couplets, it is called Ashtapadi. Chapter one and chapter two, four five and twelve contain two ashtapadi each; chapters three, six, eight, nine and ten contain only one ashtapadi each

In the fourth song, of Gita Govinda , the FAKE back dated Jaydeva the poet describes “ the delightful dance of love of Krishna with all gopis in the dark forest of Vrindavana. All the gopis surround him, embracing him with joy and caress him passionately and he praises them hugging one, kissing another passionately, glancing at another and smiling with other maiden in love”.

Sri Jayadeva introduced the cult of Radha and Krishna through his Gitagovinda .   In Gitagovinda Krishna tells Radha that formerly she as Laxmi chose Him as her consort on the sea shore on the occasion of Samudra Manthana.    

Sri Chaitanya whom ISKON propagates is Lord Krishna and the FAKE Radha , rolled into one.

As a result of this incident Siva swallowed poison out of despair ( Oh fu#kin’ yeah ? ).

The immoral white man used Shaktism as a denomination of Hinduism to drive a GENDER wedge among Shaivites and Vaishnavites.

Let me make this very clear-- Both Shiva and Shakti are Consciousness--

-- Shiva is the changeless static aspect of Consciousness, and Shakti is the kinetic, active aspect of the same Consciousness.



Above: Shakti is manifested by Shiva only during creation and is withdrawn into himself at the end of creation

Modern science repeats from our Vedas that matter and energy are interchangeable.  So does consciousness and energy .  In the highest planes they are interchangeable, which is why we see a great incongruence between our spiritual experiences and the external reality. In the higher metaphysical realms and subtle planes of our consciousness the physical laws of our universe lose their validity.

Tayor yad yamalam rupam sa samghatta iti smrtah---
Ananda-saktih saivokta yato visvam visrjyati,
Na Sivah Saktirahito na Saktih Sivavarjita.  ---(Tantraloka-Ahnika, 3.)

"The coupled form of these two (Shiva-Shakti) is called junction.  That is called the blissful Shakti from which creation arises. There is no Shiva without Shakti, nor Shakti without Shiva."

The vulgar white historain writes : QUOTE “ As set out in the first line of Adi Shankara's renowned Shakta hymn, Saundaryalahari (c. 800 CE): "If Shiva is united with Shakti, he is able to create. If he is not, he is incapable even of stirring." This is the fundamental tenet of Shaktism, as emphasized in the widely known image of the goddess Kali striding atop the seemingly lifeless body of Shiva Sri Jayadeva filled up this critical void beautifully by composing the Gitagovinda which not only became the Bible for the later Vaishnavites but also had profound influence on music, dance and drama in the whole country. The recognition and respect for female sexuality and womanpower representing Maya and Shakti which are integral parts of the Supreme Lord, got established in Literature and religion after Gitagovinda.” QUOTE

By the way Kali putting her foot on Lord Shiva has NOTHING to do with WOMAN POWER .    

Only a white skinned invader IDIOT who is drunk on brandy and has a lighted cigar up ‘you know where’ can write such mindless nonsense.

Punch into Google search-
LORD SHIVA, SHIVA LINGAM, DANCE OF SHIVA VADAKAYIL


In the post above I have shown a picture of Kali putting her foot of Lord Shiva with her tongue out, with an explanation.  

Personalised Shiva and Kali ( allegories ) are force fields . 



It is about EXPANSION and CONTRACTION of the cosmos . 



We do NOT have a concept of BIG BANG, as there must be a spot to bang it from. 



We call it INHALATION and EXHALATION –like in a KLEIN bottle.


Digression:  A high court judge was denied admission in one of the Chennai clubs for wearing a dhoti.( High Court Judge, Justice D Hariparanthaman was denied entry into the Tamil Nadu Cricket Association Club ).

Here is Capt Ajit Vadakayil in a MUNDU ( dhoti).    It is a very elegant dress.   




I have worn enough of the BEST three piece suits and kant langot ( neck tie ) in my life .  By the way , the dhoti I wear below is any day more expensive than a SAVILE ROW suit , which James Bond wears. 




Above : Proud of my amazing heritage and rich culture.

Now let us proceed to some poison injected by the immoral white invader--

QUOTE Ardhanarishwara - often referred to as a hermaphrodite or androgynous deity, is one of the principal forms of Shiva.  Homosexuals, hermaphrodites and transvestites can be considered sacred beings - "images" of Ardhanarishwara.UNQUOTE

QUOTE : Brahma created the goddess Gauri to be the wife of Rudra. Rudra was initially pleased by this, but when Brahma asked him to beget progeny, he submerged himself in the waters and performed austerities for thousands of years. When at last, Rudra emerged, he castrated himself, and set his linga ('sign') free. It became a fiery pillar - a sign of cosmic potential. By his action of self-castration, he reveals the sign - the nature - of the Manifest Universe, in relation to that which is Unmanifested.  :UNQUOTE

Hey,  how many of you want to castrate yourselves and set your pricks free ?

QUOTE : In Kali's Child: The Mystical and the Erotic in the Life and Teachings of Ramakrishna, author Jeffrey J. Kripal discusses Ramakrishna's injunction that, in order to approach a God, the male devotee should take on a female identity. Ramakrishna paired his male disciples up into 'masculine' and 'feminine' couples. Ramakrishna spent long periods in a 'handmaid state' .  Mathur would buy Ramakrishna women's clothes, shawls and jewelry for him, and dress Ramakrishna with his own hands. The saint is reputed to have experienced a vision of Radha immediately after Mathur gave Ramakrishna some feminine garments to wear. Ramakrishna often imitated the mannerisms of women, in order to "conquer lust." The logic, as Kripal explains it, is that since sexual desire can only exist between man and woman, then if a man can 'become' a woman, his 'desire' for women will disappear. However, Kripal reveals the secret of Ramakrishna in that: "As a woman, Ramakrishna was ascetic to women and erotic to men" (p234). Kripal goes on to say that 'becoming a woman' for Ramakrishna, inflamed his desire for men, and male deities. Whilst 'being' a woman, Ramakrishna sang to his boy disciples, nursed them at his breasts, and fondled them in his lap. Kripal recounts that, when asked by a disciple whether he was a man or a woman, the saint replied with a smile, "I don't know." :UNQUOTE

Note: Ramakrishna is the Guru of Swami Vivekananda.

Getting back-

Verse: 14
क्षितौ षट्पञ्चाशद्द्विसमधिकपञ्चाशदुदके
हुताशे द्वाषष्टिश्चतुरधिकपञ्चाशदनिले।
दिवि द्विःषट्त्रिंशन्मनसि च चतुःषष्टिरिति ये
मयूखास्तेषामप्युपरि तव पादाम्बुजयुगम्॥

kṣitau ṣaṭpañcāśaddvisamadhikapañcāśadudake
hutāśe dvāṣaṣṭiścaturadhikapañcāśadanile |
divi dviḥṣaṭtriṁśanmanasi ca catuḥṣaṣṭiriti ye
mayūkhāsteṣāmapyupari tava pādāmbujayugam ||

kṣitau – earth; ṣaṭ pañcāśad – six and fifty (fifty six); dvi samadhika pañcāśad -  two above fifty (fifty two); udaka – water; hutāśa – fire; dvā ṣaṣṭika – two and sixty (sixty two); catur adhika pañcāśad – (four above fifty) fifty four; anile – air; divi – ether or ākāśa; dviḥṣaṭ triṁśa – seventy two; manasi – mind; ca – and; catuḥ ṣaṣṭir – sixty four; iti – thus; ye mayūkha -  luster of light; teṣām api – the rays of light; upari – above or upwards; tava – Your; pāda ambuja yugam – pair of lotus feet (ambuja – lotus).

Fifty four rays of pṛthivi tattva,  fifty six rays of water tattva,  sixty two rays of fire tattva,  fifty four rays of air tattva,  seventy rays of akasa (ether) tattva,  sixty four rays of mind tattva,  all originate from Your lotus feet in the middle of sahasrara.”

This verse is based on psychic chakras of kuṇḍalini meditation.  Each of the tattvas mentioned in this verse is directly related to chakras of kuṇḍalini meditation.   Tattva means principle.


TATTVA
CHAKRAS
NUMBER OF RAYS
Pṛthivī tattva
mūlādhāra  - base
 56
Water tattva
svādhiṣṭhāna - coccyx
 52
Fire tattva
maṇipūraka - navel
 62
Air (vāyu) tattva
anāhata - heart
 54
Ākāśa (ether) tattva
viśuddhi - throat
 72
Mind (manas) tattva
ājñā – forehead
 64
TOTAL RAYS
360

When Shakti merges with Shiva she radiates myriad rays, 360 of which illumine the world in the form of Fire, Sun and Moon. Agni = 118; Sun = 106; Moon = 136.   They light up the macro- and microcosm. 360 rays make a year and KAla (Time). Shiva is partless; he has no Kalas.

This manifest universe,  is created by the 360 rays of Kalasakti. The 360 refers to the 360 days of the solar year. From the Samaya, which resides in the transcendent Sahasrara (also candrakalackara) there pours forth innumerable rays.   Sun, Moon and Fire “collect” 360 of these rays, from which is created the manifest world and the human body. These rays fall into three divisions mentioned above – Agneyakhanda (108) Saurakhanda (116) and Somakhanda (136).

The psychic centres are grouped under three khanda-s and they are surya khanda, chandra (or soma) khanda and agni khanda.   The two psychic centres muladhara and svadhisthana come under agni khanda; manipura and anahata come under surya khanda; vishuddhi and ajna come under chandra khanda. 

Each of these khandas are controlled by a knot known as granthi.   Muladhara and svadhisthana come under Brahma granthi;  maṇipura and anahata come under Vishnu granthi and vishuddhi and ajna come under Rudra granthi.  Agni, surya and chandra are placed just above these granthis and redistribute the rays to the two chakras under them.  Unless these granthias are pierced, one cannot reach sahasrara.

The three great lights – Sun, Moon and Fire – “collect” 360 of these rays, out of which emanates the entire universe.  These 360 rays are termed Kalas.   108 kalas to (Fire), 116 to Saurakhanda (Sun) and 136 to Somakhanda (Moon).  These kalas correspond to the 6 chakras . The tattvas – Maya, Suddhavidya, Mahesvara, Sadasiva and Samaya are transcendent to the 360 kalas.

Tattva is a Sanskrit and Malayalam word meaning  'principle', 'reality' .

There are two types of years; one is based on the sun and the other is based on the moon. The calendar based on the sun is called solar year and consists of 365.25 days and the calendar based on moon consists of 354.37 days. Solar calendar is based on the movement of sun through the twelve zodiacal signs.  Sun takes 365.25 days to traverse through all the twelve zodiac signs and the moon takes only 354.37 days to traverse through all the twelve zodiacs.  

Each day of the lunar calendar forms one kalā of the moon and therefore the total kalā-s of a lunar year is 354.37. 360 is arrived at by adding 354.37 + 365.25 / 2 = 359.81 days and rounded off to 360. Each of these 360 days is represented by a kalā of the moon. These 360 rays are spread to six psychic centres. The six psychic centres are categorised into three groups known as khaṇḍa-s and each khaṇḍa is presided by sun, moon and fire.

Tattvas are generally associated with external worship. Internal worship is worshipping Her in Her subtlest kuṇḍalinī form. Whether worship is done externally or internally, 360 rays are arrived at.

These rays are not just rays, but they represent a tattva in external worship and the petals of each chakra in mental worship. These rays are also mediated in the form of mātṛka-s (alphabets of Sanskrit) in these chakras.  To sum up, 360 rays originate from Her lotus feet in sahasrāra that get reflected through three khaṇḍa-s, fire, sun and the moon. Rays do not mean just the light, but also the cosmic energy. Without the cosmic energy that is being sent to these chakras, existence itself is not possible.

Both sun and moon or ida and pingala unite with fire or susumna.

These luminaries are situated just above the granthi-s, also known as knots. Unless these knots are pierced, the origin of these rays, Her feet cannot be realized.  This is with reference to internal worship, also known as chakra meditation.  Externally, worship happens in Sri Yantra. When Her radiating feet are seen, one is liberated.

Prana circulates throughout all of our nadis and vital canals. All of the 72,000 nadis of our organism have their fundamental base on the nadi Kanda.

The nadi Kanda is situated between the sexual organs and the anus. The Kanda collects all of the sexual energy that circulates throughout the 72,000 canals of our organism. The sexual energy is Prana, life. It is like the shape of an egg and is covered with membranes. This is just above the Muladhara Chakra. 

All the Nadis of the body spring from this Kanda. It is in the junction where Sushumna is connected with Muladhara Chakra. The four petals of the Muladhara Chakra are on the sides of this Kanda and the junction is called Granthi-Sthana, where the influence of Maya is very strong. Kanda is a centre of the astral body from where Yoga Nadis, subtle channels, spring and carry the Sukshma Prana (vital energy) to the different parts of the body. 

The spinal cord extending from the brain to the end of the vertebral column tapers off. Before its termination it gives off innumerable fibres, crowded into a bunch of nerves. This bunch of nerves is ‘Cauda equina’ in the gross body. The astral centre of ‘Cauda equina’ is Kanda." 

The cauda equina  is a bundle of spinal nerves and spinal nerve roots, consisting of the second through fifth lumbar nerve pairs, the first through fifth sacral nerve pairs, and the coccygeal nerve, all of which originate in the conus medullaris of the spinal cord. The nerves that compose the cauda equina innervate the pelvic organs and lower limbs to include motor innervation of the hips, knees, ankles, feet, internal anal sphincter and external anal sphincter. In addition, the cauda equina extends to sensory innervation of the perineum and, partially, parasympathetic innervation of the bladder.

The left-side channel is called the ida. It's qualities are cool, soft, reflective, and sensitive like the moon. The right-side channel is called the pingala and is associated with heat, activity and strength, like the sun. The balance of energy flow on these two sides affects the sensations of heat and cold in the physical body. These two channels originate in the sushumna, near the base of the spine (in an energy vortex, or bulb called a kanda), and they correspond to the first chakra, muladhara. They spiral up the sushumna, crisscrossing at each of the six higher chakras.



The ida nadi, or "channel of comfort," represents the feminine and lunar aspects of the body. It begins on the left side of the kanda and terminates at the left nostril. The pinglala nadi, also known as the "tawny current," originates on the right side of the kanda. It is associated with the male, solar aspects of the body, and terminates at the right nostril.

Kanda called "tuber", "tuber".  The Kanda is an egg shaped energy center in the pelvic area. Inside, he is golden, covered externally by a white membrane. Its lower end is the man in the perineum between the scrotum and anus, with the woman in the rear lower part of the vagina.  The lower end is also referred to as "Kanda-point."  

There are numerous Hatha Yoga exercises to stimulate this Kanda-point or activate it. The ovoid Kanda passes through the prostate or the uterus up to the point between the umbilicus and the spine. It projects so into the field of solar energy. It is important to feel the Kanda, to relax, to activate and to be centered in Kanda, before you start with advanced energy practices.

Shakti, the static unmanifested Kundalini, is symbolized by a serpent coiled into three and a half circles around the central axis Svayambhu-linga at the base of the spine. The serpent lies blocking the entrance to Sushumna, the central channel with his mouth. Sushumna remains closed at its lower end as long as Kundalini is not awakened. 

The technique of Kundalini Yoga consists in using Prana (the vital air), guiding its circulatory movement through Ida and Pingala down to the base of the spine into the space where Kundalini lies coiled. The vital energies of the opposite forces circulating in Ida and Pingala will be unified and Shakti Kundalini will then awaken and rise up Sushumna, energizing the seven chakras.



The end of Kundalini-Yoga is beyond all heaven worlds. No Yogi seeks “Heaven” but union with that which is the source of all worlds.  The object and aim of Sat-Cakra-bheda is Yoga, the union with the Supreme Self or Paramatma.. 



Piercing the Brahma Granthi or Knot sometimes involves considerable pain. 



When the Sakti (Power) has reached the upper brain (Sahasrara] the whole body is cold and corpselike; except the top of the skull, where some warmth is felt, this being the place where the static and kinetic aspects of Consciousness unite.

Shakti awakens, goes up sushumna nadi and unites with Shiva in sahasrara chakra. Shiva represents the higher cosmic consciousness and Shakti represents evolution of energy. Kundalini yoga is based on this concept.



Punch into Google search-

AWAKENING AND RAISING KUNDALINI AFTER 21ST DEC 2012 VADAKAYIL

and

CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER VADAKAYIL




I het the sneaky feelin’ that my readers are getting bored.

So let me give them a wakeup call.

In Kalari, there are 108 marmas.  When I talk about Jaladhara Bandha , I will talk more .

Meanwhile just see what a small pressure on a Kalari marma can do to you.



What is Kalari?

Punch into Google search-

KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART VADAKAYIL



Time to let out a few ancient secrets-

In tantra there are 3 PSYCHIC knots to be untied that block the path of Shakti .  

Only after untying these 3 knots , it is possible to transcend the genetic code to complete freedom where individual ego dissolves and  the will of the Divine prevails. There is NO homosexuality or perverted sex here.

The three granthis restrict human life to instinctive, emotional and intellectual levels. Spiritual life lies beyond these three levels.

The ida and the pingala go up spirally, alternating from left to right and from right to left, forming a loop around each chakra.  They originate from the common center of muladhara at the base of the spine, but at the top their ends are free.  

However, there are three points called granthis or knots where they seem to anastamose or conjoin.  These knots, which act as barriers to the free flow of prana, represent three levels of psychophysical life.

Brahma Granthi :- Brahma Granthi is the knot of Brahma at the pelvis or Mooladhara chakra.  Brahma Granthi is related to the physical body, to the world of names and forms.  It obstructs Kundalini's path ( for Shakti to merge with Shiva) as she begins to move toward the higher centers.  

Till one unties this knot ambitions and desires lay siege. It is NOT possible to do proper meditation as the mind remaind unfocussed . This world of names and forms enters us through five sense organs eyes, ears, nose, tongue, and skin.

Vishnu Granthi:  Vishnu Granthi is the knot of Vishnu at the heart or Anahata chakra.  It is  related to the astral body and to the world of emotions. Untying this knot breaks free the desire to preserve our identity, which includes society, family, and friends.


Rudra Granthi: Rudra Granthi is the knot of Shiva at the space between the eyebrows , the third eye of Shiva --or Ajna Chakra.  It is  related to the causal body and to the world  of thought, ideas, visions, and intuitions. 

When Kundalini ascends Vishuddha Chakra and reaches Ajna Chakra, and beyond the five elements of earth, water, fire, air, and akasha.

When the Rudra granthi is untied, we are liberated from the physical world becoming tattvatitas.  

Bhagavad-gita (13.22) affirms:
purusah prakrti-stho hi
bhunkte prakrti-jan gunan
karanam guna-sango 'sya
sad-asad-yoni-janmasu

"The living entity in material nature thus follows the ways of life, enjoying the three modes of nature. This is due to his association with that material nature. Thus he meets with good and evil among various species.”

Sankhya was introduced by Maharishi Kapil to his disciple Asuri and his old mother Devhooti for liberation just before her death.

Tattva is a Sanskrit and Malayalam word meaning  'principle', 'reality' .



The Sankhya-Yoga system divides all knowable phenomena into 25 Tattvas. 

25. Purusha – the sentient being (consciousness), the experiencer
24. Prakriti – primal nature (root of all insentient matter)

Antahkaranas – internal organs
23. Mahat-Buddhi – intelligence
22. Ahamkara – objective ego
21. Manas – mind

 Jnanendriyas Sense-organs, for receiving the bhutas and the tanmatras, viz
20  karna (the auditory sense)     
19  tvak (the thermal sense)        
18  chaksu (the visual sense)       
17  rasana (the gustatory sense)  
16  nasa (the olfactory sense)

Karmaendriyas organs of action, viz.
15 vak (vocal organ) 
14 pani (manual organ)         
13 pada (organ of locomotion)         
12 payu (excretory organ)     
11 upastha (genital organ)

Tanmatras – subtle elements
10. Shabda – sound
9. Sparsha – feel
8. Rupa – form
7. Rasa – taste
6. Gandha – smell

Mahabhutas – gross elements
5. Akasha – space
4. Vayu – air
3. Tejas – fire
2. Ap – water
1. Prithivi – earth

The tattvas are guideposts to orient ourselves within the map and to see what we experience as separate concepts are truly part of a larger whole. . 



Samkhya as you can see was a masterpiece of modeling the ways of the inner universe.

In accordance with the Samkhya tradition, tattvas are seen as building blocks that evolve from the pure potential of prakriti’s first creative impulse, or first tattva, to 25 successive templates of form (tattvas) that comprise all worldly existence.  . 



When the tattvas collapse back into the very elements which gave rise to our creation, they merge with our primordial nature in the Mahat tattva, located at the Ajna chakra.   The Ida and Pingala nadis also unify at this chakra into the sushumna nadi, which releases the tattvatita from the shackles of space and time.

 After crossing the fifth chakra Kundalini moves to the sixth, where the tattvas merge into their source, Maha Tattva. Here the Ida and Pingala nadis cross over each other and disintegrate in the left and right nostrils, respectively. As lunar and solar channels, Ida and Pingala are time bound. 



After this plexis in Ajna Chakra, the time bound consciousness dissolves, and one establishes himself in Infinity. This knot then unties itself, and is able to ascend with it's moving energy into the Soma Chakra.

When the Kundalini Shakti breaks free of the Rudra granthi knot, it is able to pierce the Sahasrara chakra and rise the aspirant’s consciousness to an infinite dimension.

The methods of Yoga Sastra are based on Yoga Darsana of Patanjali, according to which binding (bandha) of individual soul (jiva) is because of mistaking intellect (buddhi) for self (atma). However self is beyond all upadhis – body (sareera), senses (indryia), mind (manas), intellect (buddhi), memory (citta) and ego (ahankara).    



And it cannot be reached through any of these.  Only in unalloyed self-conscious state can the being be united with the cosmic Being.  The only way is to dissolve the physical and mental consciousness in consciousness of self.

Yoga defines Samadhi, the state where the seeker, sought and the process of seeking merge into one single continuum and no separation remains between them.  When applied to worship, this translates as “the state where there is no difference between the devotee, God and worship”. as “the state in which mind dissolves in self-consciousness, the being experiences himself as the unalloyed self, and clearly distinguishes self from other faculties of consciousness”.

According to Mandukya Upanishad, the gross (sthula), subtle (sukshma), causal (karana) and absolute (turiya) are the four states in which Brahman manifests

There is one granthi per two chakras. The bottom two – muladhara and swadhisthana associate with one granthi, the Brahma granthi.  This will be Agni mandala.  This is where kundalini, the Mother starts moving upwards – and this is the reason she is called Agni kunda samudbhava or Agni Sikha or Agni mandala vasini.  This will be the beginning of the sadhaka’s spiritual life.  




Manipura and anahata associate with Vishnu granthi. This will be Aditya/Surya mandala.  Bulk of the sadhaka’s spiritual life is spent here, sustaining it.   At Anahata one can transcend the mind-life-matter triplet and reach the knowledge plane, and can see the cosmic instead of individual. This is the place where he can hear the cosmic hiss too.



Then visuddha and ajna cakras associate with Rudra granthi. This will be Soma mandala. This is the culmination of sadhana, and one achieves laya yoga here. The causal begins from here. Visuddha is the center of jana loka, or the ananda maya kosa. This is the world of existential bliss, or maaya.




The union of Shakti with Shiva is the liberation of seeker from the cycle of endless birth and death.
In yogic parlance , the 3 granthis prevent the flow of prana into the main pranic passage of the body – sushumna.   

When they are untied, prana immediately begins to flow through sushumna nadi, which leads to increased receptivity of the mind and in turn higher experiences ( consciousness ). The trap of ego powered emotional ups and downs ends.

First Granthi associated with Muladhara Bandha (root valve)
Second Granthi associated with Uddiyana Bandha (Abdominal valve)
Third Granthi associated with Jalandhara Bandha (Throat valve)



The spiritual aspirant must loosen the 3 knots ( or open the 3 valves ) and make the ida and the pingala function smoothly. When instinctive drives, emotional conflicts and intellectual obsessions are overcome, the two side channels become clear for the free flow of prana.  Only then can the aspirant detect and deal with the susumna.  

The true meaning of bandha is essentially paradoxical, for it is said that by locking or contracting certain muscles on the physical level a subtle process of ‘unlocking’ goes on simultaneously on physical, mental and pranic levels and within the psychic and causal bodies. 



Contracting or squeezing of muscles groups form three main groups: perineal muscles, abdominal muscles and cervical muscles. Contraction of these specific muscles affects the nervous, circulatory, respiratory, endocrine and energy systems.

Alternate Nostril Breathing Technique (Nadi Shodhan Pranayama) Nadi shodhana pranayama is a hatha yoga practice that purifies the nadis (energy channels in the subtle body) through alternate-nostril breathing. Shodhana means "to purify." The practice balances the flow of vital energy, or prana, through the ida (the left, or moon) and pingala (the right, or sun) nadis, as well as the flow of breath through the right and left nostrils.


There is a paradox here . 

Though the 3 knots are in the psychic body,  not in the physical body, -however , physical manipulations ( under a Guru ) such as bandhas can unlock them.   Organs, muscles, nerves and physical processes within the body are massaged, stimulated and brought under the will of the practitioner.   The physical contaction or lock in turn has an extensive influence on the psychic body (pranic body).

Below: Hinduism under attack -- even today.



The flow of prana that continuously streams through our subtle body is redirected and even stopped. This has direct influences on the mind. The whole body and mind is tranquillized and made receptive to higher states of awareness. Such is the power of bandhas when they are perfected.

1. Moola bandha: perineal contraction, stimulates both the sensory-motor and autonomic nervous system in the pelvic region, this pelvic stimulation activates the parasympathetic fibres emerging from the pelvic spinal cord. Parasympathetic fibres emerge from the cervical (neck) and sacral (pelvic) areas only, while sympathetic fibres emerge from the thoracic (upper back) and lumbar (lower back) areas.

Moola bandha translated in English is the  ‘ perineum contraction lock’.

As per the Hatha yoga pradipika chapter 4:  “Press the heels against the perineum and contract firmly. Draw the apana upwards. This is known as moola bandha.”

Here, the word apana refers to the function of the body, at all levels, gross and subtle, which expels energy and waste material from the body.   In the context of pranayama, apana refers to exhalation. “The downward action of apana should be directed upwards by contraction of the perineum.”



The area to be contracted is the physical trigger point of the mooladhara chakra. This has a slightly different location in men and women.

For males: in the perineum, between the anus and the sexual organ.
For females: at the cervix, where the vagina and the uterus meet.



Moola bandha is often done incorrectly by contraction of the anus, like holding your sh#t ( which even Atlas could NOT do—he could hold the world world though )— or puckering your as$hole ( like a perverted homosexual )  .  

2. Uddiyana bandha: abdominal contraction, compress the digestive organs, adrenal glands, kidneys, and most important the solar plexus.




Uddiyana also redirects prana into the shushumna nadi

Uddiyana bandha tones the sympathetic nervous system, encouraging it to work more efficiently. It also enables us to gain control over the sympathetic nervous system so that it does not function in inappropriate situations, thus avoiding the effects of stress and anxiety.

Uddiyana bandha is in the Hatha Yoga Pradipika ,the Gherand Samhita ,the Baraha Yoga Sikha, Yoga Kundalini, Dhyana Bindu, Yoga Tattva and Chudamani Upanishads..

The Hatha Yoga Pradipika gives the most detail: “ That lock which causes the prana to fly up the shushumna is called uddiyana by all yogis.”(3:55)

“The practice to be described causes the bird (of prana) to fly upwards after taking a period of rest.” (3:56)
In other words, the latent prana is directed into the shushumna.

“Drawing the abdomen backwards and upwards in the navel region is called uddiyana. It is the lion which challenges the elephant of death.” (3:57) 



The entire abdomen is squeezed like a sponge. This pushes out all the stagnant blood. All the inner organs are revitalized. It can help to alleviate or prevent a large number of abdominal ailments including indigestion, constipation, diabetes, colitis and so forth if they are not too serious or chronic.

The adrenal glands are regularized thereby giving energy to a lethargic person and relaxation to an anxious or overwrought person. The solar plexus is also normalized.

This centre is sometimes called the abdominal brain and it is the center of energy in the whole body. This center directs the correct flow of energy to all the different organs, whether abdominal, respiratory or whatever. Uddiyana bandha normalizes this center and thereby helps to regulate the energy level in the whole body.

3. Jalandhara bandha: throat compression, stretches the neck, pulling the spinal cord and thus the brain. This bandha has subtle effects on the pituitary and pineal glands while the forward flexion of the chin affects the thyroid, parathyroid and thymus gland. At the same time stimulates the parasympathetic spinal area in the medulla oblongata regulating heart rate, respiration and blood pressure.

Jalandhara is the practice or physical lock that controls the net or network of nadis in the neck. These nadis can be either blood vessels, nerves or pranic passages.  There are sixteen specific centers in the body called adharas.  This word means ‘base’ or ‘substratum’.  

They refer to chakras which are located in the following sixteen regions of the body: toes, ankles, knees, thighs, perineum, coccyx, navel, heart, neck, tonsils, tongue, nose, eyebrow center, eyes, back of the head and crown of the head. In various practices one’s awareness is rotated through these centers. 

Prana flows through these regions within the pranic body. Therefore, jalandhara bandha can also be defined as the practice that locks the pranic network in the neck. This prevents flow of prana between the centers and directs prana into sushumna nadi.

Hatha Yoga Pradipika says “ Contract the throat and firmly press the chin against the chest. This is called jalandhara bandha and helps to prevent old age and death.” (3:70)

“It blocks all the nadis in the neck, checks the fall of amrit (divine fluid) which drops from the heavens. It should be done to cure throat ailments.” (3:71)

“The contraction of the throat during jalandhara bandha prevents the amrit falling into the digestive fire. In this way prana is conserved (that is, the prana is controlled and directed only into the sushumna; flow of prana in the other nadis ceases).” (3:72)

“This contraction of the throat also immobilizes the flow of prana in the ida and pingala nadis (associated with the flow of breath in the left and right nostrils). Again this blocks the flow of prana to the sixteen adharas and directs it into the sushumna.” (3:73)

Jalandhara bandha compresses the carotid sinuses. These are bodies located on the carotid arteries in the neck, which are the main arteries supplying blood to the brain.  These carotid bodies are called baroreceptors and help to regulate and match the heart rate and blood pressure with the respiratory system. 

These receptors feed messages to the brain through the sinus nerves, which in turn takes the necessary actions to balance the circulatory and respiratory system. The carotid bodies become compressed if the blood pressure rises. This sends a message to the brain which takes steps to prevent this high blood pressure.  

In jalandhara bandha, these receptors are artificially compressed.  This tends to prevent a sudden rise in blood pressure which would be expected when the breath is held for some time. This increases the duration of breath retention and so increases the effectiveness of practices such as nadi shodana pranayama. These carotid sinuses were well known in 6000 year old Ayurveda .



The 7000 year old Shiva Samhita says: ”Stop the flow of the vijnana nadis (sinus nerves) with the second fingers (that is press the side of your neck with your fingers). This gives siddhi (perfecion) in the form of happiness and bliss.” (55,56).

Carotid sinus is one of the 108 KALARI MARMA points—be careful or you will hang for murder.

Only experts must ever handle the Carotid sinuses or it will be like giving a matchbox to a monkey.

Carotid sinuses can be pressed to prevent or counteract tachycardia (fast heartbeat beyond the normal limit) This is often used in medical circles. A gentle massage of the carotid sinuses slows down the heart rate and brings about a faster normalization.



Overpressuraization of the caroitid bodies could easily bring into mobilizaton the emergency activities of the body to induce greater flow of blood to the brain. This will tend to increase the heartbeat again which is exactly the opposite to that which is required.

Jalandhara bandha acts directly on the physical body, and how one must be careful of overexertion during the practice. Jalandhara bandha influences the individual at all levels: physical, psychic and mental. It controls the flow of prana in the body. This induces mental relaxation and can help to induce meditation. 

The pressuraization of the carotid sinuses also helps to bring mental balance by slowing down the heart. It encourages introversion – one tends to become oblivious to the outside world. The whole nervous system and brain become sedated. One tends to become more one-pointed. All this is a great help in meditational practices. 



Jalandhara bandha allows one to hold the breath for longer periods of time. Normally decrease of oxygen and increase of carbon dioxide in the system lead to an increase of the heart rate and harder breathing to compensate. This is initiated through the carotid sinuses. 



The artificial pressure of these sinuses during jalandhara bandha prevents this tendency. Therefore, one is able to hold the breath for much longer periods. This also helps induce one-pointedness of mind for meditational practices.



This bandha closes the windpipe and compresses various organs in the throat. Notably it massages the thyroid gland which is located in the cavity of the throat. The whole body depends on this gland for perfect development and maintenance. Jalandhara bandha massages this gland and helps to render it efficient.


Ida nadi is called the channel of the moon. Ida nadi is situated left of the spine.  It directs the negative, cooling, female energy.  Ida nadi governs thinking, feeling, emotions, memories, the functions of the mind and intelligence.


Pingala nadi is called the channel of the sun. Pingala nadi is situated right of the spine. It directs the postive, warming, male energy throughout the body.  Pingala nadi governs vitality, prana, activity, temperament, will power, artistic aspiration.



Below:  The lie of 330 million Hindu gods was a LIE cooked up by the immoral white invader,  and they ridicule the Hindus , today .  






Our GOD is brahmAn-- the unseen , unheard,  untasted, untouched , unsmelt empty space -- within the tiny atom,  to the ether of the vast cosmos-   




--the morphogenetic  consciousness  field .  




Check out what the 7000 year old Upanishads say.



HINDUISM , THE ONLY BASTION OF SPIRITUALITY , WILL SURVIVE EVERY IMMORAL ATTACK ,  AS ITS ROOTS ARE  ENTRENCHED IN UNIVERSAL TRUTHS. 

--this is NOT a religion with a single messiah and single holy book. 



Punch into Google search-

PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL



There is an incident in the Mahabharata war, when Lord Krishna attacks Bheeshma ( against the rules of war).  Bheeshma showers arrows — and then Krishna STOPS TIME and then reveals  his form .




From where did Albert Einstein get his concepts of space time from?

From where did Albert Einstein get his concept that energy and matter is interconvertible?
Why did Albert Einstein become a Hindu, read the Bhagawat Gita daily and get himself cremated ?(  almost every Quantum physics scientist did that too )

Concepts of space time were in the Vedas and Upanishads written down 7000 years ago, after nearly 30000 years by oral route .




Until the beginning of the 20th century, time was believed to be independent of motion, progressing at a fixed rate in all reference frames; however, later experiments revealed that time slows at higher speeds of the reference frame relative to another reference frame.

Such slowing, called time dilation, is explained in special relativity theory. Many experiments have confirmed time dilation, such as the relativistic decay of muons from cosmic ray showers and the slowing of atomic clocks aboard a Space Shuttle relative to synchronized Earth-bound inertial clocks. The duration of time can therefore vary according to events and reference frames.

There are several events in ancient Hindu scriptures.

Let me just quote one of them from Srimad-Bhagavatam 9.3.28-32

There is a story of a king named Kakudmi, who was able to travel to the world of Brahma and experience Brahma’s scale of time.

Taking his own daughter, Revati, Kakudmi went to Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka, which is transcendental to the three modes of material nature, and inquired about a husband for her. When Kakudmi arrived there, Lord Brahma was engaged in hearing musical performances by the Gandharvas and had not a moment to talk with him. Therefore Kakudmi waited, and at the end of the musical performances he offered his obeisances to Lord Brahma and thus submitted his long-standing desire.

After hearing his words, Lord Brahma, who is most powerful, laughed loudly and said to Kakudmi, “O King, all those whom you may have decided within the core of your heart to accept as your son-in-law have passed away in the course of time. Twenty-seven catur-yugas have already passed. Those upon whom you may have decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons, and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names.”

King Kakudmi’s visit to Brahmaloka took 27 times 4,320,000 earth years. Brahma’s time King Kakudmi’s visit lasted 3,456 seconds, or just under an hour.  The king had had to wait for a musical performance to finish before having a brief conversation with Lord Brahma.




 

Above : Lord Krishna freezes Bhishma's arrows in TIME.  
(confrontation between Bhishma and Lord Krishna on the battlefield 6000 years ago ) 

Western tantra ( sic ) is readymade to attracts droves of spiritually lazy westerners who want to have beef , drugs, booze , perverted sex – and then want to get rid of their sleep depriving  jealousies, phobias and fears.   

Did NOT the west love Osho and Muktananda!   

Osho was cremated as per his will , but Muktananda was buried as a Jivan Mukht.

What is a Jivan Mukht ?

A Jivanmukt saint is NOT cremated in Hinduism. He is buried in a sitting meditative pose.




A Jivanmukta has reached the imperishable Turiya state.  It means  “consciousness minus thinking” . It represents supreme consciousness free from material influence . . In Turiya there is the absolute awareness .

What is Turiya ?

In the sixties thousands of young Hippies came to India, to seek Turiya-- the DOT on top of the OM symbol, beyond illusion or Maya.



Punch into Google search-
BEYOND THETA STATE TO TURIYA VADAKAYIL

When you attain Turiya state , you are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth..   

Muktananda did NOT reach Turiya , to be buried –so says Capt Ajit Vadakayil.  He was still riding his Rolls Royces and flying his Lear jets.

"As flowing rivers disappear into the sea, losing their name and form, thus a wise man, freed from name and form, goes to the divine person who is beyond all."  Mundaka Upanishad III 2.

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat.  Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti.  (dream-less deep sleep state , the Delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.

Four stages: consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.



Om Parvat can be seen en route to the Kailash Manasarovar Yatra from the last camp below Lipu Lekh pass at Nabhidhang.



The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz ( Schumann’s resonance ) and so does OM.  The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.   OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.   NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.

OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself.    The MMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body. Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 100 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body.

This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.

OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light.  The reason why every Mantra starts with OM.   Every Mudra has to be preceded by OM

OM has been lifted by recent religions to be SHALOM, AMEN, 786 ( OM symbol seen in mirror ) , OMKAR etc



Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth. 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency.

Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz

What is all this Kleem ,  Shreem etc—are they mumbo  jumbo ?  

Well the human audible range starts only at 20 Hz.  The conch can also create HARMONICS of this 7.83 hertz, which can be heard by the human ear.

The inner curvature of the air passage inside the conch is based on the Fibonacci series. In Hindu temples before and after a puja or arti the shank ( conch ) is blown—again to create quantum tunneling .  Lord Shiva is also known as Shankara.

Fibonacci was an Italian thief.  Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs who had translated these texts .  He took this knowledge to Italy. 

Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.  Indian Vedic rituals depended on purity of utterance.

Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two). The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .

A golden rectangle is a rectangle whose side lengths are in the golden ratio, 1: 1.618. whose reciprocal is 0.618033989 . . . . . so that we have 1/G = 1 + G.



The innards of the conch which creates the sound is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.  In Advaita philosophy , the original theory of Sanatana Dharma brahmAn is the supreme god.  The spiral in the inner ear ( cochlea ) also follows the Fibonacci series. 

Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL.  Rest are all transverse.  Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves.

"Prajnānam brahma”—  Brahman knows everything”.  Upanishads 5000 BC.

What is Moksha ?

Moksha  in Hindusim is given through the grace of god alone and only for those who deserve it.   The followers of a Guru cannot decide this.

He who is the same in honour and disgrace and the same to friends and foes, who has given up all undertakings, he is said to having gone beyond all modes. (Bhagavat Gita 14, 22-25.).

Punch into Google search-

MOKSHA , THE FINAL STOP TO ENDLESS CYCLE OF EARTHLY SOJOURNS VADAKAYIL

Below video  : There is no BRZEE in Hindusim .  
This Internet Guru's name is Dattatreya Siva Baba ( some Pillai Tamilian character ) --he lives in USA and has Western followers .



Hear this!!

This Dattatreya Siva Baba calls himself the reincarnation of Maharishi Agastya and Bhishma.  Check out his sullen non-radiant face !!    He keep taking nonsense about consciousness and throws in catch words like Quantum liberally.

This man was invited by and attended the United Nations World Religions conference,( list controlled by R )  where he spoke on Hinduism - he has NO credibility of right to represent Hinduism.

Getting back-

The Sāṁkhyapravacana Sūtra in verse no. 1.92 directly states that existence of "God is unproved"—POISON nicely injected in position by the immoral white invader.

They write over brandy and cigars “ Sankhya philosophy of Maharishi Kapila was the first rational system that the world ever saw.  The core implication of the Sankhya philosophy is that this universe does not need any intelligent Creator to run it efficiently “.

OH Yeah ?

Don’t ever imagine Sanatana Dharma props up atheism - as the atheist Freemason historian wants --eager to shore up stupid Charles Darwin. 

Prakirti and Purusha of Samhkya philosophy is nothing but Shiva and Shakti.

The Saudarya Lahari included ADVAITA , DVAITA AND THE 2 IN 1 SAMKHYA SYSTEM OF SANATANA DHARMA.

This is only for the perceptive.

Dim-wits like the Western historian can never understand this .

What is perception? 

It is just commonsense which even an illiterate  street kid in India has –for he does NOT need a calculator and nobody can make an ass out of him .

Let me expound-
Three friends go to a bar for drinking beer ( costing 10 dollars a bottle )
As usual they take out one 10 dollar bill each from their wallets and gives the waiter,  3 nos 10 dollar  notes or 30 dollars.
The bar owner is in a expansive mood and he tells the waiter -- "happy hour time! -- give them 5 dollars back!!-- i will charge only 25 dollars for 3 beers today ".
The clever waiter knows 5 dollars cannot be split between 3 regular dutchmen.  So he pockets 2 dollars and returns 3 one dollar notes .
The three of them put back one dollar each into their respective wallets.  Initially each wallet had one 10 dollar bill--now it has only one single dollar bill.
Now comes the perception part:
All three of them spent 9 dollars each-- 27 dollars total.
The waiter got 2 dollars.

WHERE IS ONE DOLLAR GONE-- POOF???
  
Be honest to yourself and dont read further, till you figure this out.
You tell an accountant without perception to give you a debit/ credit accounts statement--and see the way he sweats.
See literacy has nothing to do with perception.  A illiterate chaiwala boy in mumbai can make an ass out of you, when it comes to accounts.
Daft Western accountants make a mistake when it comes to "receipts" and " balance ".
Here in this case it is –

30 + 0 = 27 + 3.

Opening cash + receipts = spent cash + balance cash. 

It can never ever be 30- 3 + 2 = 29

See, you cant argue with dorks.   

2 dollars is something which happened in the mann mandir of the waiter. 

How do you know that he stole 2 dollars ?  


  
Purusha ( Shiva- ADVAITA  ) is the consciousness that is the power of BrahmAn ( the morphogenetic consciousness field ) .    While Prakriti ( Shakti – DVAITA ) gives shape to things,  Purusha helps manifest them as part of the universal consciousness ( SAMKHYA ).

Purusha silently works to create and maintain all events occurring within Prakriti.  According to the Sankhya theory, there is no 'real' and absolute 'destruction'-taking place.  There is only evolution and the changes occurring as a consequence of that evolution.  

What actually happens is that the process of creation, dissolution and quiescence takes place in a constant cycle.

Prakriti ( the dancer ) has no role to play, other than creating all for the pure enjoyment of Purusha ( the witness ).

Prakriti, which is material in nature, comes into contact with the self or the soul - the Purusha - and begins its cycle of evolution thus.

Purusha, on the other hand, is the pure, ego-free, divine Self, residing inside the body.  This is a mere observer of the events occurring in the person's life and does not react to any incident whatsoever.  It is the indwelling Soul, the Omnipotent, Omnipresent and Omniscient One - the Supreme Self.

The pure consciousness of the Purusha is very different from and totally unconnected to the action-oriented Prakriti.   It is transcendental in nature and has no cognitive or intuitive capabilities and functions only when backed by Prakriti. 

Purusha denotes only Sakshitva (observing events) and not any dynamic action.  Prakriti is the awareness or the Chittavritti.  In spite of being so different, Purusha and Prakriti need the support of each other in order to function properly.  Hence, there is no Purusha without Prakriti and this applies vice-versa as well.

Indian mythology filled with coded verses and allegories  is the most extensive in the world.  

The ADVAITA, DVAITA and SAMKHYA forms of Sanatana Dharma ( present in Sundarya Lahari ) and several tenets of Hindu philosophy are expounded by means of simple, interesting and educative mythological stories.  



Force fields have been personalized . This religions has enough for the perceptive brilliant and the devoted daft.

These stories  explain high philosophical principles by way of symbolisms. Though a mythological story may sound simple at first glance, a deeper study reveals the true wealth of philosophical content it has to offer. 

It requires a real CHOOT to convert the concept of Ardhanarishvara into a transgender Hijra—an intelligent concept used to explain the aspects of Prakriti ( Shakti ) and Purusha ( Shiva ) .  

Ardhanarishvara, the Androgynous One, is an aspect of Lord Shiva, whose form is half man and half woman. 



This image represents a transgendered entity, which depicts how the female principle of Goddess Shakti is inseparable from the male principle of Lord Shiva.




Both the Shaktas (devotees of Shakti) and the Shaivas (devotees of Shiva) of the Tantra school of thought believe in the Divine Unity of Shakti with Shiva as the Ultimate Truth..

The Ardha-Nari, which literally means, "half-woman", is the Soul of the tiny atom to the vast cosmos .   All creation starts from Him.   

Life is created from Him and death is considered as a return back to His Kingdom, only to emerge yet again clothed in another body.  Hence, there is no perishing of any creature - it is all only a part of a much larger process of the cycle of life itself.  

 

The Ardhanarishvara is usually depicted with the left part of His body being female and the right half being male.  The female half is shown attired in brilliant blood red and holds a lotus in Her hand.  Her skin is lighter and she appears calm and serene.  Her whole being is sensuous and she smiles down benignly on her devotees. 



The male half, on the other hand, is shown draped around the waist in tiger skin.  His skin is light blue in color and he exudes a certain power and feline grace that is truly awe-inspiring.  



Some of the best paintings of this God can be seen at the ancient Ellora and the Elephanta caves ( 2000 BC) .
Ekoham Bahusyami,  "That which I only am, shall manifest as many." - Vedas 5000 BC



Though Shakti is not co-existent with Purusha, ( Shiva ), she requires his presence to keep the cosmos functioning smoothly.   Shiva ( Purusha/ brahmAn ) , though he wields unlimited power, he cannot create the universe without the Eternal Life Force of Shakti to back him.  

The concept of Ardhanarishvara clearly brings out the fact that Prakriti (Shakti) and Purusha (Shiva) are nothing without each other and one cannot exist and function in the absence of the other.

Purusha ( Brahman / morphogenetic consciousness field / Shiva ) is static .  Shakti ( pragati) is the dynamic side of Brahman.

In each cycle of creation, Para Brahman enters into Prakriti and this union unfolds as the cosmos.  In the pralaya or dissolution at the end of the cosmic cycle or kalpa all creation withdraws into the now formless Prakriti.   Prakriti expresses Herself through the three gunas ( tamas/ sattva / rajas--  - creator/ preserver / destroyer ) , the threads or qualities of all creation.


Unlike Prakriti, the Purusha is only a Drashta or Sakshi (witness) of events in this universe. It merely plays the role of a spectator and does not create anything. This aspect could be compared to a prism, which emits myriad colors only when light is passed through it.  

Unlike Prakriti,  Purusha is not material in nature.  It does not depend on anything, nor does anything depend on it.  Purusha, hence, is far beyond Prakriti and is totally separate from it.

Prakriti cannot create anything by itself.  Let us be very clear about this.  Its true power can only be activated in union with Purusha.


Purusha is always unchanging in nature and hence, it is Achala or static.  Prakriti, on the contrary, constantly creates changes in this universe, hence is the dynamic one.

Jesus was in Kerala for 3 years learning Hinduism, before he burst on the scene at Jerusalem . 

In the Gnostic Gospel of Thomas, the Jesus Christ states,  "When you make the two one, and when you make the inner as the outer and the outer as the inner and the above as the below and when you make the male and female into a single one, so that the male will not be male and the female not be female…. They you shall enter the Kingdom."



Zohar, a very important aspect of Kabbalah or Jewish mysticism, also regards God as a complex concept, as a combination of a dynamic female and static male energy. Here, the former has the energy to create and overflow and the latter, to receive and sustain.  In the Bible the word "Zohar" appears in the vision of Ezekiel Chapter 8 Verse 2.   Judaism  was created by disgraced Namboodiris from Kerala.


In Greek mythology, Hermaphroditus fell in love with the nymph, Salmacis. They requested the king of Gods, Zeus, to unite them forever. In all his compassion, Zeus fused them both into one single body, thus resulting in the very same concept of combined man-woman energy.  

Zeus is lifted Maharishi Brihaspati.

Punch into Google search-
THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON, BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER VADAKAYIL


SHIRDI SAI BABA DID NOT UTTER MUCH OTHER THAN DISTRIBUTING ASH FROM HIS FIRE PLACE INSIDE A DILAPIDATED MOSQUE AT SHIRDI,  AND MUTTERING ALLAH MALIK  -  

YET AFTER HIS DEATH HIS FOLLOWERS AND THE WHITE INVADER PUT  PROFOUND WORDS IN HIS PAST MOUTH.

He is attributed to have said by the white invader-- says, "The principle of Shiva-Shakti is all-pervasive.  This world has a very significant name, Bhavani-Shankara. Bhavani means 'Shraddha (steadfast devotion) and Shankara means Vishwas (faith).   It is to say that the world has been based on the twin principles of Shraddha and Vishwas.    Bhavani and Shankara are inseparable, interdependent and all pervasive.   So, whole world is the form of Ardha-nareeshwara. Through 'Shraddha' (eamestness) Ichchaa-shakti (will power), Kriya-shakti (power of action) and Janana-shakti (the power of wisdom) are manifested.  The essence of these three potencies is Eeshwaratva (Divinity). They constitute the power of faith (Vishvaas)."

Baap re!

My head spins !!

Shiva and Shakti are the basics of the entire Tantra philosophy. In essence Shiva and Shakti are undifferentiated unity. Tantras are the ancient scriptures, which were meant to spread the light of knowledge of our True Self and bring humanity out of ignorance. 

They trace their origin from the Vedas and the Upanishads, and in fact do not deviate from the teachings contained in them. Like Vedanta, Tantra has its own followers in the true spirit of inquiry and realization of the cosmic unity and power of the Self.   

Unfortunately, Tantras were tainted with such practices as 'erotic mysticism' and 'black magic'..by the white invader eager to convert Hindus to Christianity—using their Indian stooges, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy.

Punch into Google search-
THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL

In Tantra, consciousness is called Shiva, and manifestation, which is energy /power, is called Shakti.  Prakriti ( Shakti ) cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety. It is perceived in its effects.

In Samkhya philosophy, there are three major guṇas that serve as the fundamental operating principles or 'tendencies' of prakṛti (universal nature) which are called:  tamas , rajas and sattva.  ( Creation/ mediation/ destruction ). 

Guṇa is the tendency, not action itself.   Each of the three gunas is ever present simultaneously in every particle of creation but the variations in equilibrium manifest all the variety in creation including matter, mind, body and spirit. 

All creation is made up by a balance composed of all three forces.  If we analyse the flux of physical phenomena around us in the light of modern scientific knowledge we shall find three principles of a fundamental character underlying these phenomena. These three principles which ultimately determine the nature of every phenomenon are all connected with motion and may be called different aspects of motion. 

The 3 gunas  represent the organization of primal energy , the foundation of universal laws , relativity , stability of nature and principle of Vaastu Shastra . The law holds together the endless spiral of galaxies . The only constant on the planet is change, everything is in a state of flux, nothing is static-- everything is vibratory. 




This is what guarantees growth and evolution. What has a front has a back--what has a beginning has an end. It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly . If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. 

The 3 gunas Tamas/ Rajas/ Sattva are are rooted together , is present in every phenomenon on earth., where energy transforms from one to another—it can neither be created or destroyed. Harmony can never be stagnant . 

Below: Brahma - Vishnu- Shiva , the trinity of creator/ preserver/ destroyer ( Tamas -Sattva -Rajas ) at Elephanta caves 2000 BC ( DVAITA VEDANTA ) .



The dance of the opposite gunas has been lifted by the Chinese to be yin-yang.  Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant . No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite. They consume each other yet support each other. They keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other. 

Yin creates yang, and yang activates/ excites Ying. In the human body when Yin and Yang are out of balance –you fall sick . Ayurveda has recognized this six thousand years ago ( Vata -air/ Pitta-bile / Kapha-mucus ) .  

Ancient Vedic Indian rishis in 9000 BC on the banks of the river Saraswati, firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. So either Yin or Yang is visible – never both.

Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.  Balance can never be permanent— Ying and Yang continiously devour each other – and life flows on.
 




त्रिभिर्गुणमयैर्भावैरेभिः सर्वमिदं जगत्‌।
मोहितं नाभिजानाति मामेभ्यः परमव्ययम्‌॥ ७.१३॥

tribhirguṇamayairbhāvairebhiḥ sarvamidaṁ jagat |
mohitaṁ nābhijānāti māmebhyaḥ paramavyayam || 7.13||

The World deluded by these Three Gunas does not know Me:

Who is beyond these Gunas and imperishable. (7.13)-  Bhagawat Gita 4000 BC



Below: Shiva Lingam at Elephanta caves ( 2000 BC ) .



What is a Shiva Lingam ?

This black meterorite stone gave the DNA seed which gave life on earth — as per NASA 3 years ago..



Punch into Google search-
NASA   DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE VADAKAYIL



So if it is called the Phallus ( which provides the semen ) what is wrong or vulgar in that ?



Above:  EVERY HINDU MUST WATCH THE VIDEO ABOVE--  ABOUT THE BLACK STONE OF SHIVA LINGAM 



 

Above: Islam is a very recent religion.  The concept of Shiva Lingam is more than 30000 years old.

#####################
Murali Meleth
July 15, 2014 at 10:15 PM
Dear Captain,

In verse 75 of Soundarya Lahari, there is a mention of a Dravida Shishu after tasting the breast milk of Devi becoming the greatest of poets. There has been different interpretations for this Dravida Shishu. Some say it refers to Shankara himself and others are of the opinion that it must be Thirujnana Sambandhar who as per the folk lore was breast fed by Parvathi, written parts of Thirumurai and was known to have cured the Pandya King of his illness during 7th century CE.

Any thoughts?

Murali Meleth
################

SLOKA NO.75:-

"Thava Sthanyam Manye Dharanidharakanye Hrudayathaha

Payahapaaraavaaraha Parivahathi Saaraswathamiva!

Dayaavathyaa Dattham Dravidashishuraasvaadya Thava Yath

Kaveenaam Praudhaanaamajani Kamaneeyaha Kavayithaa!"



Literal Meaning:"O Daughter of the Mountain-King! I fancy that Thy breast-milk is the milk-ocean emerging as poetic inspiration from Thy heart. For, it was by drinking it, so graciously given by Thee, that the Dravida child became a noted poet among great composers."

################

ABOVE IS A POISON INJECTED VERSE INSERTED BY THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER. 4000 YEARS AGO WHEN ADI SHANKARACHARYA WROTE SOUNDARYA LAHARI,THERE WAS NO CONCEPT OF ARYAN OR DRAVIDIAN.

It is a white invader’s concept ( seconded by R stooge Chitpavan Jew –nay- Brahmin Lok Manya Bal Ganghadara Tilak ) that India is a land of two races - the lighter- skinned Aryans and the darker-skinned Dravidians - and that the Dravidians were the original inhabitants of India whom the invading Aryans conquered and dominated—and then wrote the Vedas. 

This modern DNA age has proved it to be a big lie for DIVIDE AND RULE.   The immoral white men even made the north Indians worship white idols . 

White idols NEVER existed in North Indian temples till the white invader came to India.

Yajurveda penned in 5000 BC, is the book of sacrificial prayers, and it contains details of the Yajnas. It contains the liturgy (mantras) needed to perform the sacrifices of the Vedas.

WELL , WELL –ROTHSCHILD INTRODUCED  BLACK ( DRAVIDIAN )  AND WHITE  (ARYAN ) BECAUSE RITUALS IS WHAT DISTINGUISHES .

Here is a story injected into our Puranas , and the vulgar white man had a good laugh over brandy and cigars!

Yagnavalyka was a pupil of Maharishi Vaishampayana in his gurukulam.  He was the son of Maharishi Devaratha and Sunanda Devi .

Once Vaishampayana ( disciple of Veda Vyasa ) neglected to attend a critical meeting was slapped with a sanction called Brahmahathi (sin equivalent to killing a Brahmin) .

To get rid of this Brahmahathi dosham , Vaishampayana had to do some religious ceremonies. He wanted his disciples to bear this burden . The proud Yagna Valkya told his guru, that he himself can do the needful easily , and hence why involve his disciples ?

Vaishampayana got very angry at these words . To add insult to injury Yagnavalkya offered to do the perform the penalty all by himself and he could spare all the pupils and the guru from dissolving the dosha burden. This made the guru even more angry as this he construed as supreme arrogance and a posture unbecoming of a disciple.

Vaisampayana ordered Yajnavalkya to give back all the Vedic learning and wisdom that he acquired from him dismissed him from his gurukul and told him to leave his school immediately. Yajnavalkya followed the orders of the professor and discarded all the learning, which immediately evaporated into the solar dimension. And he became poorer in his knowledge and hence in powers and luster. 

Yajnavalkya followed the orders of the maharishi and mentally discarded all the learning, which immediately evaporated into the akasha .  And he immediately became poorer in his knowledge and hence in powers.

The guru could see his pupils aura shrink instantly as he absorbed all the aura into his own . So our man Yajnavalkya underwent this process at midday and became ignorant— USKA BAARAH BAJ GAYA !.

He prayed to Goddess Saraswathi .

Yajnavalkya approached the Sun God and implored him to teach him more than what he lost and more than what a human like his Guru knew.

The Sun God agreed to teach and asked him to follow him in the form a horse during his continuous travel across the skies and learn. Yagna Valkya had to face the sun god’s chariot and traverse in reverse with the same speed .

Thus Yajnavlakya became a Vajasaneya, one who learned as a horse and a branch formed called Vajasaneya sakha.

This Yajurveda learned by Yajnavlkya as a horse from the Sun God is called SuklaYajurveda and the earlier one that was learned from Vaismpayana was Krishna Yajurveda.

THIS FAKE STORY IS POISON INJECTED BY THE WHITE INVADER , AS LORD VISHNU HAD NOT YET ASSUMED HIS KRISHNA AVATAR .

They have injected poison in many ways -- when Yajnavalkya vomited out his knowledge , other disciples ate the vomit like absorbed it like Tittiri birds and hence the branch that came from those disciples is called Tittiriya sakha. .  

The white historian wrote that Adi shankaracharya ( actually born 4000 years ago—but kicked forward in time by 2800 years ) followed the Taittiriya Shakha.

ALL BULL..

The Yajurveda has been split into white and black and the shattered into splinters again – and different parts of India follow different systems—all part of a GRAND DIVIDE AND RULE.

For example the Krishna ( black ) Yajurveda has many parts followed by various parts of India. 

The FAKE mutts have assisted in this.

Example?- There are four recensions of the Krishna Yajurveda:

Taittiriya saṃhita-- originally of Panchala
Maitrayani saṃhita- originally of the area south of Kurukshetra
Caraka-Kaṭha saṃhita -- originally of Madra and Kurukshetra
Kapiṣṭhala-Kaṭha saṃhita-- of the southern Punjab and Bahika




The white invader gave bull that Lord Rama’s clan follows the Shukla Yajurveda branch—to DRIVE A WEDGE between Krishna/ Rama followers..




The Vajasaneyi Samhita ( Shulka Yajurveda –white ) has forty chapters or adhyayas, containing the formulas used with the following rituals:

1.-2.: New and Full Moon sacrifices ( there were NO animal sacrifices in Vedic India )
3.: Agnihotra
4.-8.: Somayajna
9.-10.: Vajapeya and Rajasuya, two modifications of the Soma sacrifice
11.-18.: construction of altars and hearths, especially the Agnicayana
19.-21.: Sautramani, a ritual originally counteracting the effects of excessive Soma-drinking
22.-25.: Ashvamedha ( poison injected with queens having sex with a dead horse’s phallus )
26.-29.: supplementary formulas for various rituals
30.-31.: Purushamedha
32.-34.: Sarvamedha
35.: Pitriyajna
36.-39.: Pravargya
40.: the final adhyaya is the famous Isha Upanishad.

The Shukla Yajurveda has two branches: Vajasaneyi Madhyandiniya & Vajasaneyi Kanva.
Vajasaneyi Madhyandiniya is originally of Mithila and Vajasaneyi Kanva is of originally Kosala.
Sri Shukla Yajur Veda originally had 15 Sakhas out of which only two Sakhas or branches, called Madyandina and Kanva Sakhas are available at present . 

The Vedic rituals of the Ranganathaswamy Temple at Srirangam, the second biggest temple in India, are performed according to the Kanva shakha ( Shulka ) .

Madyandina Saha was used by the north India fake mutts while Kanva Sakha is used in South India’s FAKE mutts. Today even Zakir Naik quotes from Yajur Veda to ridicule Hindus.

Adi Shankaracharya had taken the original YAJUR VEDA from the Kerala namboodiris and deposited it in the librarby of the original Sringeri Mutt 4000 years ago--.



The North India ( white ) versus South India ( black ) divide by an immoral DIVIDE introduced by the white invader.


They even made Yagnavalkya , an avatar of Vishnu.

So what are the splinter groups?

Madhyandina Yajurveda: for North India- Pakistan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat , Maharashtra ,, West Bengal, Assam, Nepal. This branch includes Madhyandina Samhita, Madhyandina Shatapatha Brahmana, Ishavasya Upanishad and Brihadaranyaka Upanishad.

Kanva Yajurveda: for Nepal, HP, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, and Andhra Pradesh. Orissa party has a different text.

Charaka Yajurveda: for Maharashtra, adjacent parts of Madhya Pradesh, Assam, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh. They now follow Maitrayani YV shakha, as the white invader took texts away .

Maitrayani Yajurveda: for Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan

Kathaka Yajurveda: Kashmir, Punjab and HP

Charayaniya Katha Yajurveda: for Kashmir.

Kapisthala Katha Yajurveda: for Punjab and, Gujarat.

Jabala Yajurveda: Maharashra and Gujarat

Taittiriya Yajurveda: South India . The Taittiriyas are splintered into numerous sub-schools. Baudhayana and Apastamba were found all over South India , Hiranyakeshins in Konkan and Western Maharashtra. The Vaikhanasas around Tirupati and Chennai. The Vadhulas in Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The Agniveshyas, in Kerala and Tamil Nadu

Kauthuma Shukla Yajurveda: Gujarat, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal (tradition has been revived recently).

Ranayaniya Shukla Yajurveda: Orissa, Maharashtra, Karnataka ,Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.

Jaiminiya/Talavakara Shukla Yajurveda: Kerala and Tamil Nadu Brahmins.

Shatyayaniya Shukla Yajurveda: Tamil Nadu.

Gautama Shukla Yajurveda: Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh.

Bhallavi Shukla Yajurveda: Karnataka.

Other Shakhas of Yajurveda: A text called 'Yajurvedavriksha' gives the geographical distribution of more than 100 Shakhas of Yajurveda.

THE FAKE MUTTS OF ROTHSCHILD HAD A MERRY TIME.

The white invader even introduces different pronounciations – for example the North Indian Brahmins pronounce the syllable ष as ख.

The white invader introduces difference in TIME.    The Shukla Yajurvedis are classified into two groups called the Madhyandins and the Kanavas.   These IDIOTS perform Sandhya Vandana at noon. Well, I am getting cynical and this is NO good.

Generally the Krishna Yajurveda includes the Brahmana prose discussions mixed within the Samhita, while the Shukla Yajurveda has separately a Brahmana text, the Shatapatha Brahmana.

Shukla Yajurveda is also known as Vajasaneya Yajurveda, because it was evolved in great rapidity by Sun who was in the form of a horse through his manes .The rhythm of recital of these vedas is set to the rhythm of the horse gallop . In Sanskrit, term "Vaji" means horse. Yajnavalkya divided s Vajasaneya Yajurveda again into fifteen branches, each branch comprising hundreds of Yajus Mantras.

According to the Mahabhasya of Patanjali, there were 21 shakhas of Rigveda, 9 of Atharvaveda, 101 of Yajurveda , and 1000 varieties of chanting of Samaveda. Only 20 or so Shakhas of the Vedas are extant now, we do possess names of most of the lost Shakhas of the Rigveda, Yajurveda and Atharvaveda.

Fragments of many of the lost shakhas are also available as quotations in ancient works. For the Samaveda, we do not have more than 40 names extant.

Imagine the damage done by the VULGAR white invader to Hinduism.

The immoral white invader controlled dissent by using their stooge Shankaracharyas from the FAKE mutts they created.

An example?

Punch into Google search-


KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL

WE INDIANS DEMAND THAT NARENDRA MODI MUST AMEND OUR NCERT SCHOOL TEXT BOOKS ABOUT THE ARYAN INVASION AND THE ARYANS WRITING OUR VEDAS .

The British ruled India,  by a SLIMY divide-and-rule strategy.  They promoted religious, ethnic and cultural divisions among their colonies to keep them under control.  They injected these divide  policies  into the intellectual realm by creating heroes like Tilak and using them . Money and fear was the key.

The immoral white invader injected the concept  that India is a land of two races - the lighter- skinned Aryans and the darker-skinned Dravidians - and that the Dravidians were the original inhabitants of India whom the invading Aryans conquered and dominated.   

From this came the additional idea that much of what we call Hindu culture was in fact Dravidian, and later borrowed by Aryans who, however, never gave the Dravidians proper credit for it.   

This idea has been used to turn the people of south India against the people of north India, as if the southerners were a different race of black skins who worshiped BLACK GODS .   Even today you can see poets (sic!) like Kumar Vishwas of AAP promoting the KAALI concept

Many Europeans did in fact believe that they belonged to a superior race and that their religion, Christianity, was a superior religion and all other religions were savage and barbaric, particularly a religion like Hinduism which uses many idols.  Mind you all these 330 million Gods were injected by the white invader .

White missionaries were ordered to convert non-Christians, sometimes even if it required intimidation, force or sops.   They made the Hindus self loathing by propagating FAKE stories like how the queens made love to the phallus of a dead horse in Ashwamedha sacrifice.  

This is what Wikipedia has to say -- ( you can check it yourself by Googling ASHVAMEDHA YAGNA WIKIPEDIA ).




They have even given a picture of the Queen lying down with the dead horse ( to be used as dildo for sexual gratification ) -- this picture was painted by a Muslim painter Sahibdin.

They say he painted it in 1652 AD , which is a lie.




QUOTE:--
  
Anyone who should stop the horse is ritually cursed, and a dog is killed ..

The queens walk around the dead horse reciting mantras. The chief queen then has to mimic copulation with the dead horse, while the other queens ritually utter obscenities ( probably they were singing  ribald songs like DARA SINGH KA  LUND--  TEE HEEEE ! ).

On the next morning, the priests raise the queen from the place where she has spent the night with the horse.

The three queens with a hundred golden, silver and copper needles indicate the lines on the horse's body along which it will be dissected. The horse is dissected, and its flesh roasted. Various parts are offered to a host of deities and personified concepts with utterances of svaha "all-hail".

The human sacrifice, the Purushamedha, followed a similar format,  but included a man with the animals to be sacrificed. The price of the man was set at one thousand cows and a hundred horses. Like the horse, the man chosen for sacrifice was allowed to wander for a year. Once he had been killed, the queen lay with his corpse.

The Laws of Manu refer to the Ashvamedha (V.53): 'The man who offers a horse-sacrifice every day for a hundred years, and the man who does not eat meat, the two of them reap the same fruit of good deeds.

In the Mahabharata, the sacrifice is performed by Yudhishtira (. After the horse was cut into parts, Draupadi had to sit beside the parts of the horse.)

The ritual was performed in strict compliance with Vedic prescriptions (1.14.10). Dasaratha's chief wife Kausalya circumambulates the horse and ritually pierces its flesh (1.14.33).

Then "Queen Kausalya desiring the results of ritual disconcertedly resided one night with that horse that flew away like a bird." .

At the conclusion of the ritual Dasharatha symbolically offers his other wives to the presiding priests, who return them in exchange for expensive gifts.

 "An empire is like a horse and the subjects like other inferior animals" (p. 448). Thus, VSM 23.22, literally "he beats on the vulva (gabha), the penis (pasas) oozes repeatedly (ni-galgaliti) in the receptacle"

“ The three authors of the Vedas were buffoons, knaves, and demons. All the well-known formulae of the pandits, jarphari, turphari, etc. and all the obscene rites for the queen commanded in Aswamedha, these were invented by buffoons, and so all the various kinds of presents to the priests, while the eating of flesh was similarly commanded by night-prowling demons.”

The mock bestiality ( sexual intercourse with animals ) and necrophilia ( sexual attraction to dead animals ) involved in the ritual caused considerable consternation among the scholars first editing the Yajurveda. Griffith (1899) omits verses VSM 23.20–31 (the ritual obscenities), protesting that they are "not reproducible even in the semi-obscurity of a learned European language" (alluding to other instances where he renders explicit scenes in Latin rather than English). A. B. Keith's 1914 translation also omits verses.

This part of the ritual offended the Dalit reformer and framer of the Indian constitution B. R. Ambedkar and is frequently mentioned in his writings as an example of the perceived degradation of Brahmanical culture.

UNQUOTE: 

The great Maharishi Kapila  burnt all the uncles of King Suman ( grandfather of King Bhaghirata) into ashes by his angry gaze when they tried to blame him for stopping the white Ashwamedha horse.   The horse had run too fast for the followers to keep pace and was just hanging around near the meditating Maharishi inside his ashram.  


So all Indian Hindus are fools and perverts except our dalit  BR Ambedkar!

Recently CNN IBN , the foreign funded TV station held a sham poll, to find out the greatest Indian after Gandhi.  We MUST believe that Gandhi is the greatest-- this is compulsory!

Now who is BR Ambedkar?  He was taken to Columbia Univesity to inject poison into the Vedas. Being a dalit there is no way, he could have laid his hand of the Vedas. 

Out there in USA he wrote a book mocking Hinduism by the name of  RIDDLES IN HINDUISM, in league with the white Christian missionaries.

Punch into Goole search -
CNN IBN POLL, GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL

Below:  Watch the video of BR Ambedkar ( acted by Malayalam Megastar Mammooty ). Mammooty is NOT anti-Hindu, he just acted out a scripted role.



  
So what is the truth about ASHWAMEDHA YAGNA?

The truth is the horse is NOT killed at all-- leave alone the queen having sexual intercourse with a dead horse's you know what..

A spirited horse is chosen , with white fur and no blemishes. A yagna ( Agnihotra homam ) is held BEFORE the horse sets out on a guided tour.

Ashwamedha yagna cannot be held by a mortal.  It is held by the king of Gods Indra.  It can only be done by a mortal king if he is commanded to do it by an avatar of Vishnu.

This tradition was broken by King Mahabali of Kerala. He was an asura ( demon ) king. The people of Kerala were very happy with this king as he was a wise and just ruler, and there was prosperity all over.  King Mahabali did the Ashwameda yagna.

This made Indra very jealous, as this was his prerogative, and nobody had the guts to kill the white Ashwamedha horse  of King Mahabali.

He prevailed on Aditi, his mother to convince Vishnu to correct this imbalance, where an Asura King could cock a snook at the King of Gods . Vishnu decided to intervene and took the 5th  avatar of Vamana --a blue faced Brahmin midget ( dwarf ) . 




The Brahmin dwarf asked King Mahabali for alms-- a small grant of land.  The King told him that he can take as much land area as he wished, within his kingdom . But the midget wanted only three strides ( paces )  of land.

Immediately the kings advisor Sage Shukracharya who was a seer, advised his king NOT to agree to this request, as he suspected something amiss and was sure of foul play.

Mahabali being a very generous king, could NOT imagine going back on his word, during a divine sacrifice.
So he agreed to grant the boon of three paces of land. Vamana immediately assumed the gigantic form of Vishnu ( the Preserver lord ) and in the first two steps covered the whole of earth and cosmos.

 Then he asked the king where he should keep his third step. The king bowed down on his knees and told him to place the third step on his head.

Before that he asked that he should be able to visit and bless his subjects once every year .

Vishnu granted this boon and placed his foot on Mahabali's head and instead of driving him underground to the netherworld , he sent him to heaven -- pleased with his righteousness.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY ALL MALAYALIS CELEBRATE ONAM -- THE DAY THE KING WILL COME EVERY YEAR.  

A CARPET OF FRESH FLOWERS IS LAID AT THE ENTRANCE OF EVERY HOUSE.  DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI MARKS THE VICTORY OF GODS , OR DEFEAT OF KING MAHABALI . 

DIWALI IS CELEBRATED BY THE WHOLE OF INDIA -- EXCEPT KERALA.

  
So why is the white horse on a guided tour?  This is the essence of Ashwameda.

The emperor seeks to check out if any of his vassal kings want to challenge his supreme authority— in public.

The horse is guided by the Emperor’s generals and chosen ministers . They generals follow the white horse on their own horses.

The horse with clanging bells is made to travel through the vassal kingdoms.  Any vassal king can kill the horse and thus declare war on the Emperor,  which will happen pretty soon.  If he just captures the horse, there may be room for negotiation.

The horse is even taken to enemy kingdoms, and there is “diplomatic immunity” for the Emperor’s men not the white horse. 

Any tough acting intentions are gauged out.

When the horse returns safe and sound, it means all is well-- and the emperor's supreme authority is unchallenged.  And all know it too. 



In the POST Ashwamedha yagna all vassal kings are invited, and there are celebrations all around ,  for peace and prosperity  in future.  Soldiers go home to their families.

IN MODERN TERMS THIS IS LIKE A OPEN "CONFIDENCE " MOTION IN THE PARLIAMENT.

Getting back to the Aryan theory-


About this time in history the similarities between Indo-European languages also became evident.  Sanskrit and the languages of North India were found to be relatives of the languages of Europe (sic!) , while the Dravidian languages of south India were established by the white man  to belong to another language family. 

This is nonsense as Malayalam ( my language ) is closest to Sanskrit.  At school it was easy for us to MAX in Sanskrit language.  

Shukracharya was the political advisor to King Mahabali , thousands of years before Lord Parashurama came to Kerala with his band of Namboodiris. Our King Mahabali did NOT do GRUNT GRUNT with Maharishi Shukracharya, who is god of the Parsis..

It was German Jew Rothschild and his historians who injected the idea adopted by Hitler along with the Swastika symbol .  That Aryans are a superior race.

What is the SWASTIKA symbol?

Punch into Google search-

THE SWASTIKA SYMBOL VADAKAYIL



By the way there was NO Sati till the Islamic invader came to India. 

Once a Hindu king is defeated, the muslim invaders used to allow sex slaves as bounty.  




They even raped dead cadavers of women.  Taking poison or using a dagger to slit the wrist was NO use . The genitals had to be fused in a fire. 



This was how the practice of Sati came into being. The Rajasthanis  used to call it jauhar.

The first instance of sati was done by the wife of a Sindhi King Raja Dahir.

The Muslim invaders Raja Dahir the last Hindu ruler of Sindh who ruled for 32 long years , a bad name.  

They charged this Pushkarna Brahmin king with marrying his own sister. No Hindu will EVER marry his own sister –this is just a big muslim lie..





Raja Dahir had offered refuge to Mohammad the Prophet’s  grandson Hussain. When Hussian was on his way to Sindh he was ambushed at Karbala Iraq , tortured and killed .

They did propaganda that he raped a virgin from his kingdom every night.   So to save the Sindhi Hindus  ( SNIFF ! ) from such tyranny, Muhammad bin Qasim (an Arab general) from the Umayyad Caliphate, waged war and killed him in 712 AD .

Raja Dahir was killed in the battlefield,  his beautiful  daughters were captured as war booty in the Islamic tradition.  The Governor, Muhammad bin Qasim, then sent them as ‘presents’ to the Caliph of the time Khalifa Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik, to become a part of his vast harem.

Mohammed Bin Qasim is NOT a worthy first citizen of Pakistan—their school text books tell a lie.




Dahir's wife did Jauhar ( self immolation by fusing genitals )- with all young women in the palace to avoid their dead bodies being raped by the invading Arabs.



All in India know of queen  Padmini of Chittoor who committed Jauhar by jumping in the fire , rather than be a sex slave to the invading muslim.




A huge pyre was lit and all the beautiful young women of Chittor jumped into the flames after their queen, thus depriving the drooling muslim enemy waiting outside.    



The memory of these honourable women is  kept alive till today by bards and songs –death before dishonour. 

WE HINDUS ARE SAVAGES , RIGHT?



Above : Chittorgarh fort.

 

Above : The dazzling beauty -- queen of Chitoor, wife of King Rawal Ratan Singh
 
The gypsies of Europe are sex slaves captured from Somnath temple by the Mislim invader, who escaped enroute.



Punch into Google search-

THE SACK OF SOMNATH TEMPLE BY MAHMUD OF GHAZNI IN 1026 AD  VADAKAYIL



The vulgar white historian converted our 7000 year old Vedas into a tussle between the white skinned Aryans and the black skinned Dravidians.  

The truth is , that it is a battle between truth and falsehood. OR light and darkness.  Today the R controlled media and historians accuse the Hindus of the very racism that they themselves INVENTED used to dominate the Hindus of India . Brahmins were  touted to have been originally the white Aryans and the Dravidians the dark skinned Shudras.   

There was NO caste divide  in ancient India.   All caste divides were driven in as wedges , by the immoral white invader.

Punch into Google search-
THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

Today we have people like Markandeya Katju ( he is a judge NOT an effin’  historian ) giving priceless bull—
QUOTE: The original inhabitants of India, as it is believed now, were the pre-Dravidian tribal people, who are called Adivasis or Scheduled Tribes in India. For example, the Bhils, the Santhals, the Gonds, the Todas, etc., that is, the speakers of the Austric, pre-Dravidian languages, such as Munda and Gondvi. They form hardly 7 or 8 per cent of the Indian population today. They were pushed into the forests by the immigrants and treated badly.: UNQUOTE 

Oh Yeah ?

Every verse of Soundarya Lahari has a Yantra attached.   

A Yantra is a Sanskrit word for a mystical diagram which has occult powers when driven by HUMAN INTENTION.    With down graded 2 strand DNA and atrophied pineal glands the modern humans may be unsuccessful to derive the power inherent in a Yantra.   Yet the spiritually pure, who follow the laws of the universe have a good success rate.

The highest among all Yantras is the 10000 year old Sri Yantra . In this divine geometry which holds the THEORY OF EVERYTHING ,  3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with Shiva and Shakti qualities making the magic Hindu number 108..the numerical equivalent of OM.   

54 devas and asuras had churned for the amrit or holy nectar. All mantras are repeated 108 times. All prayer beads count up to 108. There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses. 12 rashis and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108. Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .  Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas.  Shiva, Ganesha and Krishna has 108 names. 

The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) . The rest are too short lived. Sri Yantra is the foundation of Vaastu ( the original feng shui ). Vaastu insisted on the PERFECT , NESW cardinal orientation--just like the pyramids.

If you stare at the centre spot ( bindu singularity ) every morning for 5 minutes , you will balance your left and right brain lobes.



Look into the center of the Yantra, trying to blink as rarely as possible; you don't want to look at the particular details of the Yantra, just keep your sight right in the center and observe the whole Yantra at once.

"In time, after at least seven days of Yantra meditation you will be able to tap into the same yantric energy even without a Yantra (at the beginning you may fix your sight on an exterior or imaginary point or evoke the Yantra with your eyes closed).

"In superior phases the Yantra absorbs the practitioner's complete attention, and he can no longer tell if the Yantra is within himself or if he is within the Yantra; this is the state of non-duality."


The goal of contemplating the Sri Yantra is that the adept can rediscover his primordial sources. The circuits symbolically indicate the successive phases in the process of becoming.

Geometric element meanings:
Circle = Energy of the element water
Square = Energy of the element earth
Triangle = Energy of the element fire
Diagonal lines = Energy of the element air
Horizontal line = Energy of the element water
Vertical line = Energy of the element fire
Point = Energy of the element ether.



The lotus flower  represent chakras, with each petal representing a psychic propensity (or vritti) associated with that chakra



A dot, or bindu, represents the starting point of big bang singulraity -- creation or the infinite, unexpressed cosmos.


Below: The architect of the great pyramids at Giza, Egypt was a Hindu maharishi ( Imhotep ) 




Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.



Fibonacci series or sequence : 1, 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89, 144, 233, 377, 610, 987, 1597, 2584, 4181, ... (each number is the sum of the previous two).



The ratio of successive pairs is so-called golden section - 1.618033989 . . . . .



Italian thief Fibonacci's state is at Pisa.   I do hope nobody wants to argue that Fibonacci is older than the Sri Yantra, and that the Vedic Sri Yantra maker stole from thief Fibonacci.    



Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs.  


He stole this knowledge and patented it for himself in Italy.   

Below: Egyptian pyramids and sphinx 



Same way Isaac Newton stole Calculus from Parameshwaran of Kerala.

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF  VADAKAYIL  .

As per tantra ( no perverted sex here pleaaje ) , the creation of the world begins with an act of division of the opposites that are united in the deity.  From their splitting arises, in an explosion of energy, the multiplicity of the world.  Starting from pure unity (Shiva), the world is a continuous unfolding (energized by the power of Shakti), until a state is reached, when the process must reverse and involute back to the very beginning.  Multiplicity must once again become unity.  Yantras are mystical diagramic or symbolic representations of this process of evolution and involution.



As per tantra ( no perverted sex here pleaaje ) , the creation of the world begins with an act of division of the opposites that are united in the deity.  From their splitting arises, in an explosion of energy, the multiplicity of the world.  

Starting from pure unity (Shiva), the world is a continuous unfolding (energized by the power of Shakti), until a state is reached, when the process must reverse and involute back to the very beginning.  Multiplicity must once again become unity.  

Yantras are mystical diagramic or symbolic representations of this process of evolution and involution, put down on paper by ancient seers. According to Tantra, the human being is a miniature universe. All that is found in the cosmos can be found within each individual, and the same principles that apply to the universe apply in the case of the individual being.

For human beings the body is considered the most perfect and powerful of all yantras and is seen as a tool for inner awareness.   A 12 strand DNA maharishi had immense powers.  An EARTHY AVATAR like Ram or Krishna there were extra strand of DNA which gave them superhuman powers..like converting energy to matter  .  

A yantra is thus a potent tool making the process of evolution conscious to the adept of Tantrism.   It enables the adept to retrace his steps from the outward-directed world of multiplicity to the inward focus of unity.  All primal shapes of a yantra are psychological symbols corresponding to inner states of human consciousness. Yantras are sacred symbols of the process of involution and evolution.



Tantra, says that the entire universe is a manifestation of pure consciousness . In manifesting the universe, this pure consciousness seems to become divided into two poles or aspects, neither of which can exist without the other.  Each requires the other in order to manifest its total nature.  

Shiva ( Purusha ) has the power to be but not the power to become or change.  Shakti ( pragati-Aditi ) is the Great Mother of the universe, for it is from her that all form is born.

Tantra says that the human being is a miniature universe.  All that is found in the cosmos can be found within each individual, and the same principles that apply to the universe apply in the case of the individual being.



Tantra says that the state of ultimate bliss is a transcendence of dualities male-female, energy-consciousness, Shiva-Shakti...

Tantra says that chakras arepsychic centers that lie along the axis of the spine as consciousness potentials.  They are usually represented as lotuses ( vortex ) .  The chakras are not in the gross body, but in the subtle or etheric body.



As kundalini reaches each chakra, that lotus opens and lift its flower---symbolising the energies of the chakra and their assimilation to kundalini.

Tantra ( no perverted sex here pleeaaje ) says that each of the chakras,  corresponds to one of the elements of which the known world is compounded.  Muladhara represents solidity;  Svadhisthana, liquidity;  Manipura, the gaseous;  Anahata, the aerial;  Vishuddha, the etheric, or space.  It is obvious even to a dim-wit that the whole process is a progressive transformation of the elements, with an increase of volatility.

According to the tantra manual,  Shiva Samhita, there are fourteen principal nadis.  Of these, Ida, Pingala and Sushumna are the most important. In Muladhara, Shakti, the static unmanifested Kundalini, is symbolized by a serpent coiled into three and a half circles around the central axis Svayambhu-linga at the base of the spine. The serpent lies blocking the entrance to Sushumna, the central channel with his mouth. Sushumna remains closed at its lower end as long as Kundalini is not awakened. The technique of Kundalini Yoga consists in using Prana (the vital air), guiding its circulatory movement through Ida and Pingala down to the base of the spine into the space where Kundalini lies coiled. 

The vital energies of the opposite forces circulating in Ida and Pingala will be unified and Shakti Kundalini will then awaken and rise up Sushumna, energizing the seven chakras . In Ajna chakra the meeting of the three main nadis is called Mukta Triveni (Mukta: "liberated"). Continuing beyond Ajna chakra, Ida and Pingala end in the left and right nostrils respectively.

"In the beginning,darkness was hidden by darkness, all this was one ocean of inconscience. Universal being was concealed by fragmentation." Rig Veda (X.129.1-5)  - written down in 5000 BC, passed on by audio sruti since 28000 BC

"Agni has entered earth and heaven as if they were one,"  Rig Veda (III.7.4).

Without involution no evolution would be possible, for how could something come out of nothing.  We need a place to BANG the BIG BANG , right?   Even a retarded child can figure this out.  In Hinduism the concept is INHALATION/ EXHALATION like in the Klein bottle



The microcosm of the human body has a cosmic relationship to the macrocosm of the universe, and this is what Hindu astrology is all about.   My wife consulted more than 300 horoscopes before she settled for a suitable girl for my elder son. Orpheus was a Hindu sage who introduced astrology to the Greeks.

Wanna know who the seven Maharishis were  – remember – nude Shiva with the erect phallus fame  ?— and the sexually charged wives of the sapt rishis running after him in Deodhar forest ?

Wanna know who they are ?   Wanna know how the west copied from Indian astronomy , claimed it as their own ?
Punch into Google search-
POLARIS AND THE GREAT BEAR VADAKAYIL



The Hindu gotras are named after the seven rishis and their descendants .

Gotra is about the Y chromosome.

Punch into Google search-
GOTRA SYSTEM , KHAP RULES , Y CHROMOSOME , DNA , GENETIC BIRTH DEFECTS VADAKAYIL

Jesus Christ studied in Kerala for 3 years .   Wanna know how much the 2000 year old Bible has lifted  from the 7000 year old  Indian Vedic Astronomical texts ?

Punch into Google search-

VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA  5000 BC  VADAKAYIL



It is beyond the cope of this already long post, to describe the microcosm aspect of the Sriyantra.

Let me give you a cursory glance—of  “THE PAGAN RELIGION OF HINDU SAVAGES”



1-Brahmi worldly desire, the passion that impels us to seek ephemeral joys..
2-Mahéswari is representative of anger.
3-Kaumari of constant avarice and greed.
4-Vaishanavi fascinates and infatuates.
5-Varahi is symbolic of obstinancy and false pride.
6-Indrani is symbolic of jealousy.
7-Chamunda earthly rewards.
8-Mahalakshmi symbolises our deficiencies and blameworthiness generally.          
  


1- Speech
2- Grasping
3- Locomotion
4- Evacuation
5- Enjoyment
6- Attitude of rejection
7- Attitude of acceptance
8- Attitude of indifference.    























"Yatha pinde tatha brahmande, yatha brahmande tatha pinde"--  

"As is the individual, so is the universe, as is the universe, so is the individual."- Yajur Veda 5000 BC





6000 years ago Lord Krishna gave a pep talk to Arjuna while in the posture of Gyan Mudra . 



Soundarya Lahari does NOT include Mudras along with the Yantras –which are necessary for potency

Punch into Google search-

SECRETS OF MUDRAS  VADAKAYIL


RECAPITULATION :

WHAT IS THE PURPOSE OF WRITING THIS POST ON SOUNDARYA LAHIRI.   TO SHOW HOW LITTLE HINDUSIM HAS BEEN UNDERSTOOD , EVEN BY THE GREATEST OF STALWARTS LIKE SWAMI VIVEKANANDA .  

SANSKRIT PUNDITS ARE JUST LANGUAGE EXPERTS .   

ONLY THE GERMAN QUANTUM PHYSICISTS ( QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT ) REALLY UNDERSTOOD AMAZING HINDUISM AFTER ADI SHANKARACHARYA EXPOUNDED IT BY VERSES .

IT IS ALSO TO SHOW THAT SAUNDARYA LAHARI IS POISON INJECTED.  

100 VERSES SHORN OFF ITS WISDOM.

BUT VERSE NO 1 HAS BEEN APPARENTLY LEFT ALONE AS IT IS — BECAUSE THE WHITE INVADER THOUGHT THAT IT LOWERS THE LEVEL OF OUR HINDU GODS — BY ELEVATING THE FEMALE GENDER .  

“SHIVA CANNOT EVEN MOVE WITHOUT THE HELP OF SHAKTI” .  

These pea-brained posion injectors did NOT have the perception to discern the meaning of polarity. 54 triple intersections of Sri Yantra in shiva/ shakto format becomes double—108.  

108 is the numerical equivalent of OM and the number of beads in a rudraksha mala.   

FOR PURUSHA THE WITNESS , PRAGATI THE DANCER HAS TO PERFORM— OR EVOLUTION GOES PHUTT !.

THIS POST ALSO PROVES THAT ADI SHANKARACHARYA SHOULD NOT ONLY BE CREDITED WITH ADVAITA VEDANTA, BUT ALSO DVAITA VEDANTA AND SAMKHYA VEDANTA.  

ALL THREE FORMS OF SANATANA DHARMA ARE INHERENT IN SOUNDARYA LAHARI.



ADVAITA VEDANTA – WHERE BRAHMAN ( UNSEEN GOD LIFTED BY ISLAM) IS THE MORPHOGENTIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD.  THE EMPTY SPACE WITHIN THE TINY ATOM , TO THE ETHER OF THE VAST COSMOS .





DVAITA VEDANTA – WHERE THERE IS A DANCE OF OPPOSITES , CONTROLLED BY A MEDIATOR ( BARHMA/ VISHNU / SHIVA ) .   

WHERE AEROBIC BACTERIA SEAMLESSLY CHANGES OVER TO ANAEROBIC BACTERIA , WHEN OXYGEN ATMOSPHERE CHANGES TO METHANE ATMOSPHERE .   OR CONDENSATION TURNS TO EVAPORATION.   

THESE OPPOSITES ARE CONNECTED BY CONSCIOUSNESS . ( It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself.   They keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other--  ). 




There is NO need for a Vaishnavite saint like Ramanuja to antagonize Shiva followers .   Both Shiva ( destroyer ) and Vishnu ( mediator ) are force fields , who work as a team with Brahma in perfect harmony .  How must attack Hinduism has survived , all for DIVIDE AND RULE.

SAMKHYA VEDANTA – WHERE ADVAITA AND DVAITA FORMS ARE SUPER-IMPOSED.  ONLY THE PERCEPTIVE CAN UNDERSTAND THIS .

Sankhya is a theory of evolution and understanding the universe.

This declared to you is the Yoga of the wisdom of Sankhya.  Hear, now, of the integrated wisdom with which, Partha, you will cast off the bonds of karma.—Bhagavad Gita 2.39-  4000 BC

Here when the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.  

As a dancer,  after having performed for the observer , stops dancing, so does Prakriti cease to perform for an individual Puruṣha when her task is accomplished.  Female Prakriti  has danced for male Puruṣha, and as he is no longer interested in her (“I have seen her”), she stops forever (“I have already been seen”).  

Purusha, or supreme consciousness ( BrahmAn ) , is the impassive observer of all phenomena. Prakriti,  excited  in response to Purusa’s attention , has her gunas ( Yin-Yang or Tamas –Rajas ) thrown out of equilibrium.  

She moves from transcendence to immanence and undergoes a series of transformations through which the multiform world comes into being.  Purusha, was never really in bondage, or enmeshed with Prakriti. Prakriti cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety. It is perceived in its effects.

The root cause (Brahman) is to be apprehended by Sankhya-yoga - Svetasvatara Upanisad (6.13) -5000 BC.

In Sankhya, direct perception is the most important and fundamental source of all knowledge. When senses cannot directly perceive due to their limitations, inference is needed such as in philosophical disputations. The very existence of Purusa ( BrahmAn – morphogenetic consciousness ) is possible only through inference.  

Sankhya cites out two types of perceptions- Indeterminate (nirvikalpa) perceptions and determinate  (savikalpa) perceptions.  The Sankhya philosopher accepts three kinds of evidences, namely direct perception, hypothesis and traditional authority.  

The order is important, for we use inference only when perception is impossible, and only if both are silent do we accept tradition. He identifies three kinds of procedures--namely, parimanat (transformation), samanvayat (adjustment) and saktitah (performance of energies)--as the causes of the cosmic manifestation.



ADI SHANKARACHARYA HAS JUST EXPOUNDED HINDUSIM . 

VEDAS AND UPANISHADS WERE ON ORAL SRUTI ROUTE FOR 30000 YEARS TILL IT WAS PENNED DOWN IN 5000 BC,  AS HUMAN DNA AND PINEAL GLANDS STARTED GETTING ATROPHIED.

THIS GREAT SAGE WHO MASTERED THE VEDAS AT THE AGE OF 6 , WAS KICKED BACK IN TIME FROM 2000 BC TO 820 AD , BY THE WHITE INVADER.

Vedas were ridiculed as shepherds verses.   

The Vedas and the Upanishads are to India what the Crown and Scepter are to an anointed king.   They are India's proudest and most ancient possessions. It hardly matters if you are a Christian or a Muslim or even a Pakistani-as long as you have Indian DNA.   For Vedas are NOT about religion. 

From 4000 BC to 2000 BC, Kerala Namboodiris took care of the original texts . The 4 Vedas along with the 108 Upanishads are the most sacred books of this planet. These texts are proof of the UNSURPASSED greatness of Indian DNA.  

A brilliant man like Schopenhauer found the Upanishads to be the "solace" of his life and death. Idiots will NEVER EVER understand—and it is better that such morons are left alone. 

These ancient texts won the admiration of eminent human beings of the caliber of Carl Jung, Emerson, Thoreau, Walt Whitman, Victor Hugo, Romain Rolland, Hermann Hesse, Henrich Zimmer, Tolstoy, Sir Edwin Arnold, Yeats, Toynbee and hundreds of others. 

These are not shepherds’ verses as ridiculed by jealous Vatican-  but an amazing encyclopedia of the most mind boggling philosophy of thought. It must be remembered that 7000 years ago, the whole world outside India were eating raw meat, living in caves and going grunt grunt for language. 

These Vedic texts include hymns, liturgical instructions, and philosophical courses—and are mostly coded –only for the perceptive. This literature is not rustic or primitive but highly developed in its literary form, in its intellectual insight, and in its questioning attitude. 

The glory of this vast literature is its imaginative and emotional qualities. The Maharishis were experts in Metaphysics to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is in so far as it is-- with reality as a whole. It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce--the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . 

The Vedic metaphysician was a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands. 

The Indian rishis were the first to engage their great minds in dialectics in philosophy—the  method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses—all in the most peaceful natural surroundings  .

The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more rishis , master or student - people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long monologue oration conducted by a single stupid person. 

The Vedas are not puerile babblings of rustic troubadours or minstrels , but sedate out-pourings of exceptionally sharp and graceful minds in quest of truth .  Like indestructible diamonds of brilliant fire they have come down for thousands of years  in spotless perfection, with no need to be revised or abridged, to suit the modern era.  

The Vedic seers , propounded six systems of philosophy explaining man, universe, and God, before which Aristotle's and Plato's LIFTED theories look like juvenile endeavors.  Plato studied in India. 

The seers discovered the Earth's rotatory and revolutionary motions, and studied the courses of constellations and stars, and founded the twin sciences of astronomy and astrology. These seers and channels said,  that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it , that Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable.  

Consciousness is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form. There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. 

The Vedic revelations are so cosmic that they approach more closely the findings of modern quantum physics and astronomy than the pious pronouncements of loud rhetoric preachers and TV evangelists of single book , single messiah religions.. 

Now I would like you to reflect on how many millions of people were killed by Christianity and Islam -- reflect on the senseless Inquisitions and Crusades ordered by a middle man sitting in Vatican --with burnings on stake --

The Vedas  are the world's oldest intellectual legacies. They are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. The Vedas are the inspired utterances of a whole galaxy of realized souls, of spiritual geniuses, of people not merely well versed intellectually but with spiritual enlightenment. 



While the Vedas look outward in reverence and awe of the phenomenal world, the Upanishads look inward,  finding the powers of nature only an expression of the more awe-inspiring powers of human consciousness. 

They represent the essence of the Vedas, the greatest truths ever known to mankind. The Upanishads focus on philosophical questions such as the purpose of life, origin of the universe, concepts of time, space and matter, as well as concepts of atman, Brahman, maya, immortality, rebirth, karma, and the world. 

The Upanishads are the remarkable compositions, which contain sublime and philosophical speculations concerning the Universal Soul, and cosmic consciousness. 



It does NOT say in a stupid manner that you are breathing air because our God made the air for you. 

The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. They give  answers to the three  questions :

"Where is the life we have lost in living"
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?

The Rishis had repeatedly emphasized that the ultimate reality lies beyond the realms of the senses and the grey matter beneath our skulls. Hark again to the Upanishads:

"There the eye goes not 
Speech goes not, nor the mind. 
We know not, we understand not, 
How would one teach it?"

The Upanishads teach that both space and time are endless or infinite. Modern science completely agrees. The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the divine play. Many centuries later the scientific mind still boggles at the scale of creation which makes infinity intelligible. 

The Rishis clearly perceived that the most fundamental characteristic of this incomprehensible creation was that it was in a perpetual state of movement, flow and change. Lila is a rhythmic play which goes on in endless cycles, the One becoming the many and the many returning to the One. 

Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity. 

The Upanishads are summits of thought on mankind and the universe, designed to push human ideas to their very limit and beyond. They give us both spiritual vision and philosophical argument, and it is by a strictly personal effort that one can reach the truth. 

In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion,  rare in the history of thought.

Now I would like you to reflect on how many millions of people were killed by Christianity and Islam -- reflect on the senseless Inquisitions and Crusades ordered by a middle man sitting in Vatican --with burnings on stake --.

The Upanishads have given us a body of insights that have a universal quality about them and this universality derives from their impersonality. The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth.  Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas and patent it in their names. 

The rishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit. 

And this is conveyed to us in verses of great resonance power and poetic charm. In seeking the immortal, the Vedic seers conferred the immortality upon the literature that conveyed it.

( Digression :  Today we have ART OF LIVING of Triple Sri patenting even breathing.  SOO HUMM is hyperventilation and over doing it is bad for the brain ( Martini effect / Nitrogen narcosis )and you will get diaphragmatic hernia )



Who truly knows, who can honestly say where. 
This universe came from 
And where it will vanish to at the End? 
Those godlike wise men who claim they know were born long 
After the birth of Creation. 
Who then could know where our universe really came from? 
And whoever knows or does not know where Creation came from, 
Only one gazing at its vastness from the very roof of the final Heaven 
"Only such a one could possibly know, 
But does even He know? "

- Rig Veda - 129.6. 7- 5000 BC 



Below:  Listen to a few verses – you do NOT have to understand Sanskrit—your DNA will tell you that these verses are divine.




SLOKA NO.21:-

"Thatillekhaathanvee Thapanashashivaishvaanaramayeem
Nishannaam Shannaamapyupari Kamalaanaam Thava Kalaam!
Mahaapadmaatavyaam Mrudithamalamaayena Manasaa
Mahaanthah Pashyantho Dadhathi Paramaahlaadalahareem!"

Literal Meaning:   "The noble spiritual aspirants, whose minds are free from impurities like lust and greed and from the hold of 'Maya" consisting of ignorance, egotism and the like, are filled with thrills of spiritual bliss by experiencing Thy lightning-like Kala ( time ) in the core of the thousand-petalled lotus, which transcends the six lotuses beginning with the mulaadhaara inclusive of Thy manifestations as fire, sun and moon in them."

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form. Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer. As such, it creates not only space, but also time. 

When scalar beams charge through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily. This is how Lord Krishna froze time, when Bhishma shot a multitude of arrows ( missiles ) at him in the Mahabharata war.

“Elementary time is measured to its covering of a particular elementary space. That time which covers the unmanifest aggregate of the elementary particle is called the great time ( Mahakala )” :- Bhagawatam 3.11.14

"Know nature to be Maya and the Ruler of this Maya is the Lord Himself." -- Svetasvatara Upanishad--5000 BC .

God lives in Time and Space and moves with Time  (both are eternal ).  Heavens, Earth, day and night all serve Time and Time controls All . (Rig Veda 1-95-7)- 5000 BC

'That which is above the sky, that which is beneath the earth, that which is between these two, sky and earth that which the people call the past, the present and future, across space is that woven like warp and weft.   - Brhadaranyaka Upanisad -5000 BC

The theory of Maya is one of the grand pillars  upon which Vedanta rests. When you see beyond the quantum screen of Maya , all become crystal clear. 

Quantum Physics does NOT give us a clear vision of what we call the classical cause and effect truth. Newtons "isolated systems " are NOT found in nature.  He did NOT understand what he presented to the world as 99% of his work , was stolen from 7000 year old Vedic era books.

To check out what a characterless person he was, punch into Google search –

ISAAC NEWTON, CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

Our 5 senses serve as a filter allowing us to experience only what is absolutely necessary for our physical existence.  The 5 senses create the set for the stage we call our lives.  The senses squelch out , let we will have a breakdown due to excess information. 

Maya is invisible and  beyond sense-perception. No human can see beyond the quantum screen .
The word origin of MAYA is derived from the Sanskrit roots MA ( not ) and  YA ( that ). 

The term MAYA  is mentioned  72 times in Rigveda written down in Sanskrit in 5000 BC.  Maya is mentioned  29 times in the Atharva Veda.  In Puranas and Vaishnava theology,  Maya is described as one of the nine shaktis of the reclining Vishnu. 

MAYA is the veritable fabric of duality, and she performs this role at the behest of BrahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.. The Supreme God is not bound by Maya  just as magicians do not believe the illusions of their own magic. 

The Bible says that the big bang happened in 4004 BC, while Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

Quantum Physics like Vedas tell us that particles and waves are the same thing.  Your intention determines whether you see a particle or a wave.

See the video below. If you are NOT shocked , you have NOT understood it.



Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded.  It is written in the Vedas that energy and matter are inter convertible. 




In his book "My view of the world", Schrödinger outlined his mystical and metaphysical view as derived from Hindu Vedanta philosophy.


Vedas are NOT about Indra running around like a jack ass looking for lost cows and then doing a sacrifice so that he can get the strength to screw the black asuras...
*********************************************************************
NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



CREATION OF THE UNIVERSE AS PER VEDAS ( RIG VEDA 10.129 ) , NASADIYA MEANING , NOT THE NON EXISTENT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

To her whose feet are washed by the ocean, who wears the Himalayas as her crown, and is adorned with the gems of rishis and kings, to Mother India, do I bow down in respect.




Below video :  Nasadiya Sukta 




This is what the Troika of Rothschild wrote about our priceless Vedas.

The Vedas are a worthless set of books.  There is no reason either to call them sacred or infallible.  Nobody has had the courage to ask why these worthless books which contain nothing but invocation to tribal gods to destroy the enemies, loot their property and give it to their followers, have been made sacred and infallible.
BR Ambedkar




The Vedas are idle fantasies and absurd legends, which have NO sancity .  If there is only one God, who created the whole mankind, why did he write the Vedas only in Sanskrit language despite his anxiety for the welfare of the whole mankind?  What about the welfare of those who do not understand this language?   Vedas are a form of false consciousness .
Mahatma Jyotirao Phule




The Vedas must be burnt.  A careful study of the Vedas, etc., proves beyond doubt that they were written by the Aryans with a view to disgrace, enslave and exploit the Dravidians.

EVR Periyar


A citation awarded by R controlled UNESCO described EVR Periyar as “the prophet of the new age, the Socrates of South East Asia, f ather of social reform movement and arch enemy of ignorance, superstitions, meaningless customs and base manners”.








 The Nasadiya sutra verses have been acknowledged as THE earliest account of skeptical inquiry . Astronomer Carl Sagan quoted it in discussing India's "tradition of skeptical questioning and unselfconscious humility before the great cosmic mysteries.



QUOTE : This idea of a periodically expanding and contracting universe, which involves a scale of time and space of vast proportions, has arisen not only in modern cosmology, but also in ancient Indian mythology. Experiencing the universe as an organic and rhythmically moving cosmos, the Hindus were able to develop evolutionary cosmologies which come very close to our modern scientific models : UNQUOTE -- 
Capra, The Tao of Physics




Christian historians have been trying to date Rig Veda to 1500 BC ( instead of 5000 BC ) because as per  Bible the big bang happened in 4004 BC at 9 AM on 23rd October.  




 Naturally you cannot have a book written before the creation of cosmos , right ?  




And how can the servant race be better than the white master race ?


Digression :

The white master race had NOT invented or discovered anything till they came to India, other than what they grabbed from the Arabs to whom we sold our knowledge in gold.

As soon the immoral white invader came to India they learnt Sanskrit, stole our intellectual rights patented it in their names and destroyed the originals  ( or kept it back after injecting POISON into the originals ).

Why should a Master learn the language of a slave ?

Punch into Google search-

ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL
























QUOTE :  Dashavataras ( ten principal avatars of Lord Vishnu ) are a true sequential depiction of the great unfolding of evolution.  Like the evolutionary process itself the first true manifestation of the god is a fish the Matsya, then comes the aquatic reptile turtle, the Kurma,  then an animal the boar Varaha, then Narashimha, a humanoid being, Vamana, the pigmy man then the rest five are humans. UNQUOTE -  
JBS Haldane – British evolutionary biologist  


The 10 avatars of Lord Vishnu are-
1. Matsya (the fish)
2. Koorma (the tortoise)
3. Varaha (the boar)
4. Narasimha (the human-lion)
5. Vamana (the dwarf)
6. Parasurama (the angry man, Rama with an axe)
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman)
9. Lord Ayyappa.
10. Kalki (the mighty warrior)--the FINAL avatar

I have put up some posts about the first five avatars of Lord Vishnu .


Punch into Google search-

VISHNU FIRST MATSYA AVATAR  VADAKAYIL


BEYOND 21ST DEC 2012 OPENING YOUR THIRD EYE WITH NATURAL AMBROSIA  VADAKAYIL


VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR VADAKAYIL


VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA OLDEST EXCAVATED IDOL OF THIS PLANET 32000 BC VADAKAYIL


WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI  VADAKAYIL


I have put a VERY small account of 6th avatar Lord Parashurama , with respect to the ancient fortunes of my home state Kerala.

THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH VADAKAYIL

See the wisdom of Parashurama , 6000 years ago he wanted “PRESERVATION OF VEDAS “ , “MEDICINAL HERB RESERVES “ and  “ PREVENTION OF SUB-DIVISION AND FRAGMENTATION OF PADDY FIELDS “ .



"They were very advanced Hindu astronomers in 6000 BCE. Vedas contain an account of the dimension of Earth, Sun, Moon, Planets and Galaxies." (Calendars and Constellatio'  - Emmelin Plunret  )

After 30000 years by oral route, the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC  — the Maharishis predicted that the human DNA will  getting degraded , pineal glands would get atrophied , memories and mental acuity would  deteriorate.

When I was in school we had in our school science text, ( prepared by Lord Macaulay ), the Indian concept of the planet. 

It was the back of a tortoise , and the white man ridiculed that Indians were dead scared of people falling off the edge of the world.

And then they gave various other models of Greek, English , etc where the white man got it right, unlike the stupid Indian.

I remember getting very embarrassed as a 8 year old child--and breaking into a sweat.
  
NOT ANY MORE-

Today I know that every ancient Indian Vedic knowledge, written down in Sanskrit in books in 5000 BC  were stolen by the white man, who patented it for themselves.

A lot of this knowledge they wrangled from the Arab middlemen .

Punch into Google search-
MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI AND SRI PADMANABHASWAMY TEMPLE GOLD  VADAKAYIL



All the writings below are more than 7000 years old.

Earth goes around the sun – Rg Veda 10. 22. 14. and Yajur Veda 3. 6.

Sun and whole universe are round – Yajur Veda 20. 23

Shape of Earth is like an Oblate Spheroid. (Rig VedaXXX. IV.V)

Moon is enlightened by the sun – Yajur Veda 18, 20.

‘Earth is flattened at the poles’ (Markandeya Purana 54.12)

Blue Sky is Nothing but scattered sunlight (Markandeya Purana 78.8)

There are many suns – Rg Veda 9. 114. 3.

Seven colours in the sun – Atharva Veda 7. 107. 1.

Electromagnetic field, conversion of mass and energy – Rg 10. 72.

The gravitational effect of solar system makes the earth stable (R.V.1-103-2, 1-115-4 and 5-81-2).

The axle of the earth does not get rusted ,the earth continues to revolve on its axle (R.V. 1-164-29)

The Sun never sets or rises and it is the earth, which rotates (Sama-Ved 121).

The science of Time and its subtle nature is described in (R.V.1-92-12 and 1-95-8)



Planets Uranus, Neptune and Pluto were named Shweta, Shyama and Teevra in our Vedas  ( Vyasa Muni). . The names of the rest of the planets have been used in astrology in the rashis.  Uranus , Neptune and Pluto are NOT used in horoscopes as they stay in a single rashi for too long and are too far away to effect the human DNA.



Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these diameters were calculated accurately more than 7 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different.

Greeks Pythagoras and Plato studied in India. Orpheus was an Indian sage.


"From the Vedas we learn a practical art of surgery, medicine, music, house building under which mechanized art is included. They are encyclopedia of every aspect of life, culture, religion, science, ethics, law, cosmology and meteorology."  -- William James, American Author




“ Whenever I have read any part of the Vedas, I have felt that some unearthly and unknown light illuminated me.  In the great teaching of the Vedas, there is no touch of sectarianism.  It is of all ages, climbs, and nationalities and is the royal road for the attainment of the Great Knowledge. When I read it, I feel that I am under the spangled heavens of a summer night. “  Henry David Thoreau, American Thinker 




"India - The land of Vedas, the remarkable works contain not only religious ideas for a perfect life, but also facts which science has proved true. Electricity, radium, electronics, airship, all were known to the seers who founded the Vedas."   --Wheeler Wilcox



I shall provide a translation of the seven verses .  It requires Indian DNA to translate it.   The white man cannot do justice as his perception cannot match up. 

A SANSKRIT SCHOLAR IS A MERE LANGUAGE EXPERT , MOSTLY WITHOUT PERCEPTION .

The beauty of the 7 verses is in its powerful content—you get to see the working of ancient seers minds packing tiny Sanskrit verses in rich analysis on cosmological thought constructs--written 7000 years ago.. These 7 verses ask  the most fundamental question about the beginning of the universe and our existence.

A perceptive man will note that these verses are the most sublime expressions of Cosmic Creation in all of human legacy, and is the most sophisticated poetic reflections on how this magnificent cosmos emerged.


Vedas is NOT about metered poetry alone . They go deep into the cause of the events taking place in the cosmos and unveils the facts..  Seven verses, which start from ‘no time, no space’ mode, gradually reaches the center of deep darkness, surrounded by smooth, unending ether.

Lo and behold ! Out of shapeless nothing, matter with shape emerges.  The whole description is amazingly picturesque. Poetry is said to be a window with a frame of words and through this window, you get to see beyond space time .


These hymns take us to the loftiest heights of philosophy at a time when the rest of the world were doing GRUNT GRUNT for language .  It is doubtful whether the human mind will ever  surpass these heights. 

VERSE NO 1

नासदासीन्नो सदासीत्तदानीं नासीद्रजो नो व्योमा परो यत् ।
किमावरीवः कुह कस्य शर्मन्नम्भः किमासीद्गहनं गभीरम् ॥१॥

nasadasinno sadasittadanim | nasidrajo no vyoma paro yat |

kimavarivah kuhakasya sharmann | ambhah kimasidgahanam gabhiram \\1||

There was NO existence then , nor non-existence.
No realm of air yet , nor etheric aakasha beyond..
What cloaked  all,  where, by whose maya ?
Did not the cosmic waters pervade dark and deep !.



VERSE NO 2

न मृत्युरासीदमृतं न तर्हि न रात्र्या अह्न आसीत्प्रकेतः ।
आनीदवातं स्वधया तदेकं तस्माद्धान्यन्न परः किं चनास ॥२॥

na mrutyurasidamrutam na tarhi | na ratrya ahna asitpraketah |
anidavatam svadhaya tadekam | tasmaddhanyannaparah ki~jchanasa || 2 ||


There was no cycle of birth or decay
Nor a mediator for darkness and light
The field of consciousness breathed , self sustaining .
Apart from morphogenetic BrahmAn , there was none !



 VERSE NO 3-

तम आसीत् तमसा गूळमग्रेऽप्रकेतं सलिलं सर्वमाइदम्
तुच्येनाभ्वपिहितं यदासीत् तपसस्तन्महिनाजायतैकम्

tama asittamasa guhlamagre praketam | salilam sarvamaidam |

tuchchenabhvapihitam yadasit | tamasastanmahina jayataikam || 3 ||

Dark energy concealed in darkness
A continuum of dark cosmic ocean
Then That which lay in void thus covered
Burst forth in glory self excited by intent



VERSE NO 4

कामस्तदग्रॆ समवर्तताधि मनसॊ रॆत: प्रथमं यदासीत् ।
सतॊबन्धुमसति निरविन्दन्हृदि प्रतीष्या कवयॊ मनीषा ॥४॥

kamastadagre samavartatadhi | manaso retah prathamam yadasit |

sato bandhumasati niravindanna | hrudi pratishya kavayo manisha || 4 ||

In the great cosmic mind all pervading
Vibrations of Kama sprout from conscious thought
The seers who have searched within with wisdom
Have witnessed the conscious equation between matter and energy

The video below is understood in the 7000 year old Vedas-    if you are NOT shocked you have NOT understood it .  This is the reason why all Quantum physicists including Einstein desired to be cremated as Hindus.




VERSE NO 5


तिरश्चीनो विततो रश्मिरेषामधः स्विदासी दुपरिस्विदासी
रेतोधाआसन् महिमान आसन् स्वधा अवस्तात् प्रयतिः परस्तात्

tirashchino vitato rashmireshamadhah | svidasi duparisvidasi |

retodha asanmahiman asanna | svadho avastat prayatih parastat || 5 ||

An oblique ray cut Being from Non-being . 
What was described above, and what below this screen?
Above was the power of conscious intent ,
Below was the strength of creative discipline





VERSE NO 6 
को अद्धा वेद क इह प्र वोचत् कुत आजाता कुत इयंविसृष्टिः
अर्वाग् देवा अस्य विसर्जनेनाथा को वेद यतआबभूव

ko addha veda ka iha pravochat | kut ajata kut iyam visrushtih |

arvagdeva asya visarjanaya | atha ko veda yata ababhuva || 6 ||

Who really knows? Who in this world may declare it! 
When was this holographic exhalation , whence will be the pralaya inhalation?
Only after this holographic projection ( ADVAITA )came the field gods
Who move nature’s opposites ( DVAITA ) .  Who truly can say !


Digression:

ADVAITA VEDANTA : The brahmAn ( GOD of Hindusim) is the morphogenetic consciousness field , the empty space within the tiny atom in which electrons whiz around, to the  ether of the vast cosmos.

DVAITA VEDANTA : The field forces of Brahma/ Vishnu / Shiva ( creator/ mediator / destroyer ) which control life’s and nature’s opposites. 

Examples:
Cathode/ anode
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catabolism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Positive pole/ negative pole
Ionization/ de-ionisation
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation


The negative and the positive must exist in a balance to ensure that creation and life can exist.  When one wanes the other must seamlessly wax –the harmonious teamwork of Brahma-Vishnu- Shiva ( creator- mediator- destroyer ) .

The Saṃkhya Vedanta philosophy holds that there are only two primary principles ( force fields) , Puruṣa and Prakṛti , and creation is only a manifestation or evolution of the constituents of Prakṛti  ( trinity – dancer ) due to the action of Puruṣa's ( brahmAn- witness ) Consciousness.       



Vedas explains all natural phenomena 

(a) in a poetical manner, for the esthetic mind, 

(b) in a practical prosaic way to satisfy the pragmatic, down-to-the-earth layman mind, --and also 

(c)in a philosophical way to satisfy the spiritual seeking mind.  

The knowledge is communicated to all the three facets of the ever-inquisitive human mind, effectively.  

That is the way the timeless book speaks. 

Take your pick , based on your own level.

VERSE NO 7

इयं विसृष्टिर्यत आबभूव यदि वा दधे यदि वा न
यो अस्याध्यक्षः परमे व्योमन् सो अङ्ग वेद यदि वा नवेद

iyam visrushtiryata ababhuva | yadi va dadhe yadi va na |

yo asyadhyakshah parame vyomann | so amga veda yadi va na veda || 7 ||

He from whom this creation arose,
He may hold the reins , or he may not ( for no one else can !)
He who surveys it all from his highest heaven,
He verily knows it, or perhaps even he does not ? (What say you ?)



Note : This “what say you” is for ignoramuses who are in search for the causative forces alone.

The Hindu is not asked to blindly follow a practice or a belief. He is expected to rely on his conscience in the absence of single holy books, middlemen with a hot line to God and single messiahs.

Without the ending  punchline about the paradox of creation , Nasadiya Sukta verse 7 ( Rig Veda 10:129) would lose a lot of its charm.  That was the style of a Maharishi.

In the end... the maharishi rishi leaves the choice of knowing god... to the enquirer. It is the greatness of the Vedas and ancient Hindu philosophy that it does not force any conclusion on its followers or ram down religion from  a single holy book , down unwilling throats ..

" In its noble simplicity, in the loftiness of its philosophic vision it is possibly the most admirable bit of philosophy of olden times. .. .. .. No translation can ever do justice to the beauty of the original." - Paul Deussen (Ref. 5, pp 119 & 126)


In ancient Indian tradition , the purpose of debate was to seek agreement by evoking conscience — NEVER EVER for victory , by putting down others .


The ancient Maharishis were masters of  mind sciences -- Metaphysics, Dielectics and Epistemology. They were philosophers whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.

The maharishi ponders of a pre-creation stage with nothing in the universe. This is a remarkable vision of the pre-big-bang phase.  That unimaginable phase is described as an eerie nothing where there was no air or ether. 

The poet dwells about who might have encapsulated such an awesome void, and where in the world it could have been when there was no where at all in the world. The seer ponders about how life have emerged when its very substratum was not there to begin with.

For the entire universe to emerge from cosmic waters , there must have been unbounded energy. Modern cosmology speaks of no original energy whence it all came.  The Vedic poet postulates that the universe must have come about from an innate spiritual energy.  He refers to it as tapas ( intent ).

In the final verses the maharishi ponders ( he does NOT ram anything down your throats like single holy book religions  )sixth verse-- who will know and who can declare when and where from it all started--  since the seekers were not there and also the causative forces were not present..


The philosophy contained within these few verses are mind blowing ! To fathom the creation of the cosmos thousands of years ago and peer into the nature of reality while the rest of the world was living in caves eating raw meat is just incredible.

In verse no 5 – what is this power of Intent?

Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through our intentions — concept of  “ Mind over matter”.   

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZPF ( Zero point field ), a vast unharnessed energy source .  We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe.    

Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things.   Your intention ( basically an impulse ) is a powerful activator of your internal pharmacy.   “Deliver us from evil” is the usual intention, say when we break a coconut   



Above picture:  Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas.  It is a bloodless sacrifice.  We do NOT sacrifice animals .  The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma.   In quantum physics terms -- it causes a " butterfly effect " .   While breaking the coconut the devotee must INTEND as per the vedic traditions.  This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix,  this energy is transferred to our DNA.




Each individual mind has access to the universal mind.  Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea.  We literally resonate the Cosmos.  

The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency. Our intentions create our reality.  As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being.



Swami Vivekanada had told Nikola Tesla that the "emptiness" of empty space is in fact not empty, but a great ocean of seething energy!  This included the empty space within the atom in which electrons zoomed around. 



Akasha is the womb of creation bringing forth every physical aspect that can be perceived with the senses according to Hindu traditions   




A beam of coherent intention is split into two—past and future. They meet in the present moment of NOW in the holographic universe.



Scalar waves can be regarded as electromagnetic sound waves , being longitudinal and NOT transverse. Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  



Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA.   Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. 

The primodial cosmic waters or Akasha ( Zero Point Field) is an information field as it encodes everything that has left its traces in the form of Scalar waves in this universe.  



This boils down to the recording of every little thought that was ever thought and every little move that was ever made. The interference patterns of the scalar waves form a huge hologram that permeates the whole of the universe.


Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.  Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words or Mantra, to DNA!. 


When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint.



The seemingly magical operations of psychoenergetics, sometimes called "psychotronics," cannot be achieved with ordinary transverse EM wave energy. But they are possible with longitudinal scalar waves because the mind itself is scalar in nature.

Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our perception of it.  Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be found in the composition of vibration or ripples.  



Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute.  Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute.

Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they is the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics. 



The Reiki wave ( healing science lifted from Vedic India , for which Jesus Christ came to Kerala to get initiation ) is a scalar wave.


Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves, which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them.




Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.

Little did idiot Charles Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process.  All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level.  Idiot Isaac Newtons modern physics has set mankind back by many centuries.


In verse 2  --  There was no matter prior to creation of the universe. Also matter needs space to exist and as there was no space before the explosion so there is no possibility of existence of matter. Space and matter came into existence after the big bang explosion.. 

Also because of the infinite temperature, pressure and density of the singularity, there would be vibrations, which can be identified as breathing by its own nature. Breath here refers to sustenance and not physical breathing.  

It is symbolic in the sense that inhalation meaning withdrawing everything within into a black hole of the Kleins bottle and exhalation means creating universe.  Since there is a period of silence between inhalation and exhalation, where there is no activity (recaka and kumbhaka), it means no activity. 

In verse 1-  Before the Big Bang, the whole universe was condensed as a point with infinite curvature, as is present in a black hole called the singularity.  There was no air, nor any sky or space.  Because what existed was just a point with zero dimensions of length, breadth, height and time.  



Water usually represents proton or hydrogen in Indian creation myths.  There was no space and time before the big bang explosion happened. It was only singularity which was there. 


God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.

The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics.  We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.

Without factoring in consciousness there can be NO Theory of Every Thing (TOE) and Grand Unification Theory (GUT).   When science meets the consciousness field of Vedanta written 7000 years ago, the last frontier can be breached.

 The morphogenetic field or BrahmAn of Vedanta, has a self organizing electro magnetic nature. This is a merged grand Akashik field of several morphic fields of different nature by resonant coupling.  This inductive field has consciousness and self initiating nature. The ORIGINAL god of Sanatana Dharma cannot be seen or sensed by our 5 human senses.

This non-linear field is holographic and holds information of not only past history by even every thought , emotion and feeling held in the right hand subconscious lobe of your brain. This explains the power of prayer and intention.  

The whole cosmos is interconnected in this field and speed is NOT restricted to speed of light.  Both "Time" and "Space" exist within the realm of our all pervading consciousness .

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that brahmAn is the fundamental enitity from which everything else has come.  Darwin and his monkey gang may NOT agree.  Consciousness shapes our material world.  DNA about which Darwin had zilch idea , is a transceiver of information, some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world.

Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents ( DNA ) which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.  The quantum-vacuum morphic field interactions play a significant role in the fields of cosmology, physics, biology and consciousness.  The brains job is to maintain the physical portion of the link, between the body and consciousness .  

Any observer must be conscious, and therefore the consciousness of the observer is critical to the outcome of any quantum experiment.  It is NO great coincidence that almost all the great quantum scientists were proficient in Vedanta.   



The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.  Scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory, of electromagnetics and gravitation, as per the Sri Yantra divine geometry.

What is in the macrocosm is in this microcosm.



As per Vedanta we are essentially holographic energy beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos. 

None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis.  .


Vedanta and Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.  Vedanta examines evidence, asserts hypotheses, quotes established authorities both pro and con its thesis, and closely reasons its way to a well-substantiated conclusion.

The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha as per Vedanta . The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the space between them that is, the “substance.”  

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded.. Vedanta is the ultimate philosophy of all philosophical speculations.

That Vedanta is available in the “soap is civilization” Christian West primarily through religious interpreters in pagan saffron robes has prejudiced their evaluation of its relevance to scientific concerns.

The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 14 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

'Om Isha vasyam idam sarvam, yat kincha jagatyam jagat'
"All this- whatever exists in this changing universe, is pervaded by consciousness" 
-Isa Upanishad- 5000 BC




"Om purnamadah purnamidam purnaat purnamudachyate,
  purnasya purnamadaya purnamevaavashishyate"



"That  (consciousness) is full (perfect) ; this (the manifest universe of matter; of names and forms being maya) is full.  This fullness has been projected from that fullness.  When this fullness merges in that fullness,  all that remains is fullness."
-Isa Upanishad



Above video :  Space has an energy density of 1094 grams per cubic centimeter. To call space a “vacuum” or the “quantum vacuum” is a misnomer because everything that we know about space indicates that it is not empty.  It is not a vacuum but rather a plenum—an absolute fullness, characterized by nearly infinite energy density and boundless luminosity.  Space is literally efflorescing with virtual photons and electron-positron pair production. It is not dead, empty or inert but radiant and shimmering with energetic potential.

Vedanta has always spoken about the importance of the conscious observer.  The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world.

Everything is energy. Einstein expressed an understanding of this truth in his famous theorem E=MC^2, which established the interchangeability of matter and energy. 



Concerning matter, Einstein once remarked, "We have been all wrong. What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses. There is no matter."  

He has just quoted from Vedanta which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality. 




The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness , for more than  30 millineums  and penned down 7000 years ago.    



In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe

Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.




Akasha –the morphogenetic consciousness field , as per Vedanta is the source of everything that exists, and in which the memory of the cosmos is encoded.  

When the Gita says "The Universe produced phenomenally in me, is pervaded by me. . . From me the world is born, in me it exists, in me it dissolves."  It can only be understood if we understand consciousness. This is why the Western readers who has NO idea of consciousness , thought that the glorious Vedas are bumpkin shepherds verses . 

Only consciousness can explain consciousness. The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ’) gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.  

Below: After you watch this video ( in HD ) you will realise that BrahmAn resides within you 



Every structure carries its own morphogentic field. The fabric of the universe, the primal Field, was created by consciousness and is held in existence by consciousness. The entire universe is the consciousness of the Creator.  Consciousness creates energy, it creates matter, and it creates the perspectives of space and time.

The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field.   The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology.   Scalar waves ( made famous by Nikola Tesla ) is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness influence each other . 

 ‘Yato va imani bhutani jayante; yena jatani jivanti; yatprayantyabhisamvishantiti; tadvijijnasasva; tadbrahmeti”.
Know That from which all beings originate, emerge; That in which all beings rest; and That into which all beings finally merge - That is Brahman. - Taittiriya Upanishad  (3.1.1) 5000 BC

Stupid Isaac Newton’s classical objective  science is devoted only to that which is observed by the 5 senses. I wish Newton was around to see the latest Android mobile phone..  

Soon psychology came along, to the process of observation.  But western science like Vedanta  never devoted itself to who's observing, and a science that does not take into account the observer, who is so fundamental to the observation, because without the observer there would be no observation - is an incomplete and mindless science.   We cannot call it a science; unless we include consciousness.   

The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers. The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom wrote down as 5000 BC , that our universe is not woven from matter but consciousness.

mayā tatam idaṁ sarvaṁ, jagad avyakta-mūrtinā
mat-sthāni sarva-bhūtāni, na cāhaṁ teṣv avasthitaḥ

“By Me, in My unmanifested form, this entire universe is pervaded.
All beings are in Me,  but I am not in them.” Bhagawat Gita (9.4) 4000 BC


The ancient seers said, that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it, that  matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable.   7000 years before the hologram was invented Vedanta has written about the holographic universe and the holographic function of the brain.

Swami Vivekananda met super genius Nikola Tesla , in Chicago in 1893, and introduced him to the ZPF, or akasha ( ether )-the all pervasive sky of quantum energy of the universe. Vivekananda  told Tesla that classical science must factor human consciousness in, or be stuck in the mud for ever. 

He introduced him to the wisdom of ancient Vedas , which considers the universe and consciousness as fractal Sri Yantra geometry.  Much later Tesla used to see brilliant blinding flashes of this TOE geometry .

We see incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce. The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb.  On the subatomic level—mind is over matter. 

Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and traits. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous process of spiritual evolution. This is something idiot Darwin will never understand , as he did not have the intelligence .

The classical physics of idiot Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable.  Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. 


Stupid Newton pushed consciousness into the realm of religion and mysticism.  Scientists who wanted to factor consciousness in were chucked out of the scientific community and the peer reviewed magazines controlled by free masons made them pariahs.  With the advent of quantum science we now know what great injustice was done.  

This universe is NOT a clockwork as contended by Newton. Newtons classical physics holds good only for what that can be sensed by the 5 human senses, ( like the rotten apple falling on his head ).,  NOT the sub-atomic world.  There is a deep connection between consciousness and matter.  The quantum double slit experiment has shown that a measured electron can appear either as a particle or a wave, but NOT both at the same time.

Our solar system and the milky way galaxy is just one of several billion in the universe. The speed of light is 186000 miles per second. This means light travels 6 trillion miles in one year. Our own galaxy is 60000 light years from edge to edge, and several light years thick.  

Light from the nearest star Alpha Centauri takes 4.27 light years to  reach the earth. The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get..

As seen by the double slit experiment, we create reality by conscious observation.  Quantum rules does not care for Newton’s third law, which states that every action has an equal and opposite reaction.   Quantum rules dictate that every action has a multitude of reaction possibilities.  

In nature there is nothing like a circle, it can only be a vortex spiral with ever changing evolution—nothing can remain same for ever and till ad-infinitum.



The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha or Ether or Zero point field.  The ancient Vedic sages on the banks of the river Saraswati  did NOT need to do Mathematical calculations on paper--they could do it 1000 times faster in their great fractal minds . 

The quantum world thus transcends time and space. Virtual particles have free access anywhere , everywhere , everywhen. Since our wolrd is 4 dimensional, the quantum points can arrange themselves in anyway. They get instructions from the transceiver called DNA. 

A male and female contributes ½ of the DNA to produce a new born. Consciousness creates our space time. Since quantum stuff reacts to consciousness, the universe is constructed by consciousness. By adding the dimension of time to 3D space, our consciousness is given the ability to evolve. Without change there is NO evolution, hence the vortex spiral.  

The Vedic Maharishis were clairvoyants. Clairvoyance is the ability of one person to "tune in" to another person's field of consciousness and pick up their thoughts – both the conscious and unconscious ones.  And, because the field of consciousness exists in a timeless and spaceless dimension, the clairvoyant can "see" both forward and backward in time .

The Vedas contain the meaning of consciousness. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms. Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. 

The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. Not only is consciousness responsible for the physical universe and its elements-- it is the universe. The field of consciousness contains information about everything that has happened since the dawn of time.



Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.  All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness. 

Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness he ancient 

Vedas tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  morphogenetic consciousness field. The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point energy..  

 Consciousness becomes energy and then transforms to matter. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. 



Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .

There is DNA everywhere around you. It remains unchanged for the past 4 billion years.  In your body you have 125 billion miles of DNA, which is 500 billion trips around the earth.   The DNA double helix looks like 2 snakes making love, or rather a twisted rope ladder.  




DNA is conscious.  It knows where to go and what to do and how and when to divide. It is a supercomputer which can hold enormous information. Yet, it is so small that you cannot see it without a electron microscope. Charles Darwin and his monkey gang will never ever understand all this. 

An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force.  The conscious intelligent field ( BrahmAn – the unseen God in Sanatana Dharma )  lies in the empty space in between the electrons.   99.9999% of every atom is empty space.  What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.9999 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.   

We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.9999% space.  The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”  Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . -limitless power.

This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit. : Electrons can change position instantly without taking time.  They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus.  

We are NOT independent from this cosmos. We are part of it.  This is the reason we must live in harmony with the laws of the universe by exercising our free will.  Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.



Newton’s absolutism broke down at the foundation level of matter.  Stupid Newton’s billiard ball would miss the pocket hole every time at the sub-atomic level.  Newton’s laws  applies only to the macroscopic world, the world which can be detected by our 5 senses. 



In the microscopic world quantum physics rules.  Nothing is certain.  In the quantum realm the observer is king, as he creates reality, as demonstrated by the Double slit experiment . This is what the Vedas and our Maharshis have been saying for thousands of years –before the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC.




The least we talk about Darwin in this age of DNA, the better. But such is the control of big brother that we still are forced to learn Darwin’s stupid theory in our schools.  Freemason sponsored Darwin with his bag of dried finch beaks and goodies is the greatest blunder of science.  

The universe is in perfect harmony and balance.  The cosmos is a unified system.  A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole.  Playing around with HAARP and galactic resonance is a dangerous game.  

 Matter is NOT a inert substance.  It is conscious and active.  Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean.  Matter constantly makes choices for alternate possibilities.



We live in a holographic universe. Our mind is holographic. The hologram has the power to hold and process enormous amounts of data.  In holography, a three dimensional image of an object is filmed with a laser.  The amazing part is that any part of the holographic picture may be used to recreate the whole image.  



In quantum physics, unlike the Newton’s classical physics, the whole and the part are intimately related. Poetically speaking, we can say that the ocean is contained in every drop.   



Each of the 100 billion cells that make up the body contains the complete version of the original DNA, that was the source of the entire body.  Each part of the holographic picture contains the whole image.  In the holographic theory of the universe, the universe is represented by each component, regardless of the size.
To get the perfect theory of everything TOI, consciousness has to be factored in by science. It will NOT be possible to understand gravity without doing this.  Every atom within us depends on the rest of the cosmos. 

This is the basis for Vedic Jyothish or astrology. There are very few real astrologists nowadays, most are pretenders.  Unless you follow the laws of the universe you cannot be a good astrologer and read into the akashic field or ZPF.

A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude. 

Ordinary electromagnetic waves are transverse waves, while scalar waves are longitudinal.   Strangely these scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain.   

All orderliness that we find exhibited in all levels of nature - from the smallest atom, through the living organisms, to the largest cluster of galaxies - is the expression of the infinite orderliness that is contained in consciousness.  Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness.

Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface. Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams.   



Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. 





This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle-- and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.



  
All spacetime events are conscious: they are conscious of other space time events.  We are made of stardust. Exploding stars are the only way that carbon enters the universe, and our bodies are composed of carbon .

According to Rig Veda the knowledge of the "soul," or the Self of all beings is the prerequisite to the understanding of anything else.

The Upanishads say: "Know that, by which everything is known”. Once we have a glimpse of the omnipresent nature of our consciousness, once we have a glimpse of a field of existence that is indeed the omnipresent source of all that exists, we naturally start to be aware of the interconnectedness of all levels of creation.

Once we have seen the whole, we start to recognize the parts as expressions of the whole. Since the whole is holistic in its nature, its expressions are holistic representations of the whole. Vedas say that Brahman is the consciousness, the Self of all beings. 

Thus the ancient Vedic Science corroborates what modern science has discovered,  ( rather vice –versa )  that this omnipresent field of pure Creative Intelligence, which is transcendental in its nature, beyond the level of the Planck scale of 10-33cm, is the ultimate cause, the unmoved mover of everything in creation. 

One indivisible wholeness of consciousness is the source of all multiplicity of Creation, and that this one unbounded ocean of consciousness is our own consciousness.

 "Purushyo'yam loka sannidah"    "Man is a miniature universe" --(Charaka Samhita IV).

"Sarvam khalvidam Brahma"     "All this is nothing but Brahman" ---(Chh.Upanishad. 3.14.1).

Consciousness ( BrahmAn ) is the only element in creation that knows itself.   By being in constant interaction with itself, consciousness knows everything about itself.

“Prajnānam brahma”--  " Brahman knows everything ".

That says it all!

Empty space is not empty at all!   The vacuum is actually a plenum. It contains an abundant amount of energy, the zero point energy. 

We can tap into the Zero Point Energy field.  Positrons emanate from "the quantum vacuum"  and get annihilated. These are energy oscillations at zero degrees Kelvin, where all activity in an atom ceases.
It is called vacuum energy because it is descriptive of the energy in a perfect vacuum, where no light or matter is present.  



In this state, random electromagnetic oscillations can still be observed, meaning that there is still some energy present.  Such residual energy is enormous and a cup of it could boil off the planet’s oceans in a few seconds.

For a diatomic (two atoms) molecule, for example, the zero-point energy per mole, E0, can be given by the equation:
E0 = y N h c f
where N is the Avogadro constant number of 6.0221367 × 1023  ,   h is Planck’s constant of 6.626 × 10-34 joule-seconds, c is the velocity of light in vacuum of 299,792,458 m/sec , and f is the frequency of vibration depending on the mass of the molecule, (which is different  for different isotopes of the same element.).



This is the zero point effect resulting from a very complex scalar-wave interaction between electromagnetic  fields and matter.  Like I said before , a scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude.   



The energy in between the atoms is chaotic,  unpatterned, zero-point energy. The quantity of the energy is limitless. Tapping the zero-point energy means making one or more energy patterns reverberate, which will cause extra energy to follow suit, just like acoustic amplification in a wind instrument or Bose wave-radio. 



That is how "free-energy", "over-unity machines", "zero-point energy", or "fuel-less generators" really work.  No colleges teach this and no experts can imagine this— super genius Nikola Tesla could.  He was introduced to this akasha concept by the great Indian master Vivekananda.



Below:   Nikola Tesla -- this planets's No 1 inventor -- invented AC electricity .   JP Morgan was Rothschild's agent.


Below video : Nikola tesla gave me inspiration to start this blogsite.   My first blog was about him.  I needed to exhume him . He is this planet's only martyr . He was a Serbian NOT a Croatian !

The video below contains big brother's usual disinformation .  Tesla did NOT try to sell his death ray like a mercenary — rather this true martyr destroyed vital papers and denied big brother the chance of laying hands on destructive weaponry.   

For this they BURIED his name.  Today --no school child knows that Tesla lit up this world with AC electricity. --and HULLO !-- JP Morgan did NOT pay his hotel bills .



Below : Nikola Tesla lit up this planet , with AC electricity --yet nobody knows who he is !




Getting back-

The infinite potential of the all-pervading plenum is our potential. Gravity is more than simple attraction.  It is orientation.    Gravity is a function of time.  . Time is a measure of the phase cycle of an electron.  UTC is based on an atomic clock today.
  


Atomic clocks placed at orbital heights recorded time passing just slightly faster than those at sea level—just because  gravity is weaker higher up.  The atomic clock installed at US NIST in 1999 , which measures light emitted by supercooled Caesium atoms as they fall though a microwave cavity, can run for 20 million years without losing or gaining a second .  

Where gravity, and hence a curvature of space, was greatest time moved more slowly; where it was not, more quickly.  The passage of time as we record and experience it here was actually slower than in space.



Gravity can even affect the travel of light.   Black holes exist in space, where gravity is so strong the light cannot escape, where not even time can be registered for the clock would stop, where everything vanishes.  

Below: Kali devours KALA ( time ) 



God lives in Time and Space and moves with Time  (both are eternal ).  Heavens, Earth, day and night all serve Kala ( time ) and Kala controls All .- (Rig Veda 1-95-7) 5000 BC.

Gravity can be reduced, nullified and inverted by means of electromagnetic radiation.

The universe is made up of four dimensional space-time, three dimensions of space and one of time.  But when a mass is present space-time is curved up into the fifth dimension outside of space and time.  This means that time and space may be manipulated by the presence of mass, the denser the mass the greater the warping of space-time. 

'That which is above the sky, that which is beneath the earth, that which is between these two, sky and earth that which the people call the past, the present and future, across space is that woven like warp and weft.   - Brhadaranyaka Upanisad 5000 BC

Below : 2D



Zero Point Field—the mother of all fields—provides the ultimate holographic blueprint of the world for all time, past and future.  It is this that we tap into when we see the past or future.

Below video : 3D



“Elementary time is measured to its covering of a particular elementary space. That time which covers the unmanifest aggregate of the elementary particle is called the great time ( Mahakala )” :- Bhagawatam 3.11.14

Scalar waves are at the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness can influence each other.  Their effect is independent of distance and time and is 4 times stronger than that of electromagnetic fields.  They transmit information too, not just energy.  

The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields.  They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission .  

Scalar waves propagate at faster-than-light speed except when transmitting scalar information on electromagnetic carrier waves.  




All ancient astras with personal mental passwords were faster than light applications.  



If something travels faster than light, it means that it can penetrate any matter as though it wasn’t there.  Therefore scalar waves pervade all matter and cannot be shielded against by Faraday cages . Reiki healing waves pass through the earth.

“At the end of the night of the time all things return to my nature; 
 and when the new day of time begins I bring them again into light.
Thus through my nature I bring forth all creation and this rolls around in the circles of time.
But I am not bound by this vast work of creation. I am and I watch the drama of works.

I watch and in its work of creation nature brings forth all that moves and moves not: 
and thus the revolutions of the world go round.” -- Bhagawat Gita 4000 BC



“ This idea of a periodically expanding and contracting universe, which involves a scale of time and space of vast proportions, has arisen not only in modern cosmology, but also in ancient Indian mythology “  Fritjof Caprag.



Thinkers like Carl Sagan and Fritjof Capra have pointed out similarities between the latest scientific understanding of the age of the universe, and the Hindu concept of a "day and night of Brahma", which is much closer to the current known age of the universe than other creation views.  

The days and nights of Brahma posit a view of the universe that is divinely created- an ongoing cycle of birth, death, and rebirth of the universe. Rather inhalation and exhalation as in a Klein bottle.

Even a dim-wit will notice that modern science says the same thing written in the Vedas 7000 years ago—which had gone down thousands of years by the sruti oral route.

Immediately after the exhalation ( big bang ) the inflationary mode ends, having made the universe smooth and almost homogenous. Matter, anti-matter, and radiation are a bubbling opaque stew.  And an uninterrupted continuum of fluid. 

Few seconds after the exhalation ( big bang ) the universe expands. Matter and anti-matter annihilate each other.  There is slightly more matter and this excess comprises the matter in the cosmos today forming galaxies.   It came in material form and shape -- Brahman and his intent ( heat of tapas ).

Vedas have always suggested that as long you are in search of the causative forces only, you will not get the answer.  Stephen W. Hawking, famous theoretical physicist of the present day, says in his book “A Brief History Time”: “If the density of the matter in the universe is greater than the critical value, gravity will stop the expansion ( exhalation ) at some time in the future”

Will the universe eventually stop expanding and start contracting or will it expand forever?

Stephen W. Hawking, famous theoretical physicist of the present day, says in his book “A Brief History Time”: “If the density of the matter in the universe is greater than the critical value, gravity will stop the expansion at some time in the future” .   

As we are not in a position at present to calculate the density even to an approximation, we cannot answer the question ( so convenient ) .

Robert Jastrow confirms that modern science now  envisaging a cosmos ( like in the vedas ) that oscillates forever passing through infinite number of moments of creation in a never-ending cycle of birth, death and repetition. 

Someone has to bell this effin’ cat.   

Someone has to show a place from where they made the  BIG BANG. 

 Even a dim-wit can understand this .   

This calls the stupid bluff of the BIG BANG.

What preceded the effin' explosion?  .

In his book “God and the Astronomers” Robert Jastrow seconds creation .  Not that JastrowJI is the ultimate authority.  

“That breathless One is breathing on its own” . The beginning of universe, its expansion, demise and re-emergence – entire process is like involuntary process of inhaling and exhaling.

The perceptive go GA GA about innate wisdom in the Rig Veda 10:129 ( Nasadiya Sukta ) that states -- creation was unavoidable, a natural necessity,  simply because there could be no non-being without its opposite, being..   

DVAITA Vedanta of the dance of the opposites mediated by the preserver ( trinity of Brahma-Vishnu-Shiva) is inherent.  Only the intelligent and the perceptive will ever understand this.

Vedas has nailed the fact that  creation and its ending is a repetitive cycle, like exhalation and inhalation  ( pralaya )..





The word pra-laya comes from Sanskrit meaning 'dissolution' by inhalation or by extension 'reabsorption, destruction, annihilation or death'.
kararavindhena padharavindam / mukharavindhe vinivesayantham
vatasya patrasya pute shayanam / balam-mukundam manasa smarami

(Translation) With His soft lotus hands, our baby Mukunda has grabbed His lotus like toe and placed it in His lotus mouth, decorated with red lips, and sucks on it in amusement as He rests on the tender shoot of a Banyan tree leaf contemplating on the next cycle of creation.

As per our puranas , during the cosmic deluge, the Supreme Lord Narayana takes the form of a little baby floating on a banyan leaf over the dangerous torrents of pralaya jalam, the waters of cosmic dissolution.  He protects all the universe and its beings by swallowing them in His tiny stomach and rests them there , while contemplating about their creation once again after the deluge by releasing the Universe and its beings from the safe storage place .

This was pralaya, the final dissolution of the world, before its regeneration. The sole witness to this cosmic deluge was Markandeya Rishi, a great saint. t is stated by the Lord in the Vedas: “Oh, Human! This village of yours is balanced on the banyan leaf and your lifespan is just alike a drop of water running down that leaf, which may fall any minute.”




Suddenly, amongst all the confusion, Markandeya noticed a banyan leaf floating on the ocean, tossed by the waves. On this unlikely raft lay a beautiful and adorable child, suckling his right toe, unperturbed by the calamity that had befallen the world. It was Krishna as Balaji, the newborn cosmic child.

The infant's heavenly smile negated the brutality of the pralaya (cosmic deluge). His compassionate glance reassured Markandeya that life would go on, convincing him that the world never ends, but only changes.

Now, Markandeya saw that the baby was sucking his own big toe. The Mahatmas have said, about this, that the baby was the Lord Bala-gopal himself. He was sucking his big toe, to check what sweetness it has, which makes people drink the water touched by it.

When Markandeyaji went close to this baby, he was sucked in with the air, when the baby took a breath. Inside, he saw hundreds of thousand of universes and all that had been consumed by the deluge - the skies, the seas, the earth, gods, demons, humans, animals and plants. So mush so, that he even had a glimpse of his own Ashram on the banks of the Subhadra River. He saw himself sitting in meditation. 

Markandeya thus realized that the child was none other than the cosmic god (Narayana) who had withdrawn the world into himself. , the lord replied as follows: "I am the Primal Cosmic Man, Narayana . . . . I am the Lord of Waters.

After the Lord disappeared, O brahmana, the banyan tree, the great water and the dissolution of the universe all vanished as well, and in an instant Markandeya found himself back in his own hermitage, just as before.



Matsya Purāṇa (2.25-30) gives an account of initial creation. After Mahāprālaya, the great dissolution of the Universe, there was darkness everywhere. Everything was in a state of sleep. There was nothing, either moving or static. Then Svayambhu, Self-manifested Being arose, which is a form beyond senses. It created the primordial waters first and established the seed of creation into it. The seed turned into a golden womb, Hiraṇyagarbha. Then Svayambhu entered in the egg.


The term MAYA  is mentioned  72 times in Rigveda written down in Sanskrit in 5000 BC.  Maya is mentioned  29 times in the Atharva Veda.  The mystics took existence for granted, and knew how to get from here to there.  They got to see beyond the apparition of Maya.   The distinction between the self and the Universe is a false dichotomy.

The classical physicists took  non-existence for granted, and tried  to get from there to here stumbling badly in the process .  The distinction between consciousness and physical matter  is the result of an unenlightened perspective.

The modern Big Bang cosmologists want to get the Universe out of nothing PHUKKAT MEIN .  It's like asking us to believe that nothing made everything out of nothing. They could not understand singularity which the Vedic seer did.  The Bindu of Sri Yantra depicts Singularity.



The goal of spiritual enlightenment is to perceive BrahmAn and Maya and distinguish between them.   Conversely Maya gets destroyed for a person when they perceive BrahmAn with transcendental knowledge.  
Maya, the illusion is often mistaken for reality—like the sun going round the earth . What is the difference between a quantum physicist and an ancient Indian maharishi seer?

The seer placed himself inside and saw outwards,  for he has the perception afforded by a king sized pineal gland and 12 strand DNA to do so.

The quantum scientist with a shriveled pineal gland and 2 strand DNA ( 97% junk ) with pre-conceived notions pounded in by a stupid Isaac Newton  stood outside and peeked inside all the while scratching his head.



The ancient Maharishi would hardly blink an eyelid after seeing a modern mobile phone .  Isaac Newton would have scratched his head ?   For according to dim-wit Newton the 5 human senses with negligible bandwidth rule supreme.





Coordinate geometry was discovered by Aryabhatta in 2700 BC.   Mathematically space-time  is a manifold consisting of "events" which are described by three spatial dimensions (length, width, height), and one temporal dimension (time) .  In spacetime, a coordinate grid that spans the 3+1 dimensions locates events (rather than just points in space), i.e. time is added as another dimension to the coordinate grid.  This way the coordinates specify where and when events occur.

Vedanta is the apex of the knowledge of the Vedic tradition, exactly as Quantum Mechanics and allied fields are the most advanced subjects in Western science. 

None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis. Vedanta and modern Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective.   

Sanatana Dharma or Hinduism believes that God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.   Again-- the quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics.

We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get. At the level of quantum reality the universe is not made up of things. It is comprised of oscillating fields of energy.  

In the quantum domain everything is interrelated.  Photons and electrons have an ability to shift their form in an instant.  Measured one way they behave as particles. Measured another way they act as waves.

In spiritual dimensions energy is the reality. These energies have different vibrational levels and none are as dense as the physical world.

The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the ancient Maharishis  in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness.  In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe. 

The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.  Without such space time knowledge it is impossible to record the accurate speed of light in Vedas , 7000 years ago. In Vedic cosmology, the concept of spacetime combines space and time to a single abstract universe

God lives in Time and Space and moves with Time (both are eternal). Heavens, Earth, day and night all serve Time and Time controls All --  (Rig Veda 1-95-7) 5000 BC

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form.

From Time all beings emerge, from Time they advance and grow.  In Time they rest.  Time is embodied and also timeless.   He who knows the entire concept of Time ( kala ) and Space (dis )  know Vedas. (Maitri Upanishad- 4-14-15).-5000 BC

The Sanskrit word for the space/time continuum is Akasha, as told to Nikola Tesla by Vivekananda.  The space  /time continuum is produced from the vibration created by the alternation between infinity and a point at infinite frequency. 

Below: The white invader has given away the Maya of Time to Einstein!!



ABOVE VIDEO :  Albert Einstein’s time dilation was written down 7000 years before in our scriptures.   It narrates a vimana with a single spaceman who went to the highest planetary system due to an urgent situation and stayed there for only few minutes.  When he returned he could not find any of his family and relatives, the sons and  grandsons—and there was NO record of the family tree. An example of Maya of time.

Brahma is seen in Ellora caves with 4 heads.  This represents four dimensions of space time, which Albert Einstein lifted from Hindusim.  

Did somebody say Oh yeah?

Till the Western scientists got their hands on ancient Indian Vedic scriptures which dealt with Vimanas , they did NOT know about time dilation.

Until the beginning of the 20th century, time was believed to be independent of motion, progressing at a fixed rate in all reference frames; however, later experiments revealed that time slows at higher speeds of the reference frame relative to another reference frame.

Such slowing, called time dilation, is explained in special relativity theory. Many experiments have confirmed time dilation, such as the relativistic decay of muons from cosmic ray showers and the slowing of atomic clocks aboard a Space Shuttle relative to synchronized Earth-bound inertial clocks. The duration of time can therefore vary according to events and reference frames.

There are several events in ancient Hindu scriptures.

Let me just quote one of them from Srimad-Bhagavatam 9.3.28-32

There is a story of a king named Kakudmi, who was able to travel to the world of Brahma and experience Brahma’s scale of time.

Taking his own daughter, Revati, Kakudmi went to Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka, which is transcendental to the three modes of material nature, and inquired about a husband for her. When Kakudmi arrived there, Lord Brahma was engaged in hearing musical performances by the Gandharvas and had not a moment to talk with him. Therefore Kakudmi waited, and at the end of the musical performances he offered his obeisances to Lord Brahma and thus submitted his long-standing desire.

After hearing his words, Lord Brahma, who is most powerful, laughed loudly and said to Kakudmi, “O King, all those whom you may have decided within the core of your heart to accept as your son-in-law have passed away in the course of time. Twenty-seven catur-yugas have already passed. Those upon whom you may have decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons, and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names.”

King Kakudmi’s visit to Brahmaloka took 27 times 4,320,000 earth years.  Brahma’s time King Kakudmi’s visit lasted 3,456 seconds, or just under an hour.  The king had had to wait for a musical performance to finish before having a brief conversation with Lord Brahma. 

According to the Srimad- Bhagavatam the physical universe is surrounded by a shell, and Brahmaloka is located very close to that shell. The Bhagavatam gives the diameter of this shell as 500 million yojanas, which, using the standard figure of 8 miles per yojana, comes out to 4 billion miles.

The space travelers could return to Earth billions of years in the future. A scenario based on this idea was presented in the novel Planet of the Apes by Pierre Boulle.

Spacetime is interpreted with space as existing in three dimensions and time playing the role of a fourth dimension that is of a different sort from the spatial dimensions. 

Space and time are unified in a four-dimensional Minkowski continuum called spacetime, whose metric treats the time dimension differently from the three spatial dimensions .  Spacetime is thus not a Euclidean space.

The immoral white invader even injected poison that  Brahma originally had five heads. One of them was cut down by Shiva when he got pissed off with Brahma. And now we have our foreign funded national newspaper Times Of India saying 2 days ago,  that Brahma married his own daughter.



Above : “Brahma has four heads" (Śrīmad Bhāgavatam 12.8.2–5).

If you see the immoral reasons the white Christian historian has given for Indian Hindus NOT worshiping  shapeless ( beyond quality/ quantity ) Brahma , you will split your sides with laughter- some may even puke!.
While modern mathematics, science and technology centre around linear dimensional reality , the Vedic systems avail multidimensional spiraling reality.  

Varahamihira the great Astrologer and astronomer from wrote 4600 years ago,  in the opening of his Samhita, “ It has been said in Vedas that the first primeval thing was darkness, which is not identical with the black colour, but a kind of non-existence like the state of a sleeping person.”

Singularity existed before the big-bang. When you have a big bang which created the cosmos, you need to have a black hole singularity too. This is commonsense which Albert Einstein and party ignored despite being very proficient with Indian Vedas.  

Consciousness of time can be likened to a deep hypnosis which causes one to be in sympathy with the various frequencies and pulses of the physical universe. 

Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer.  As such, it creates not only space, but also time.  When scalar beams charge through hyperspace the flow of time gets redirected temporarily.   

Newton of apple bump on head fame, viewed gravity as an actual force. ( thank god he did not discover gravity ,while on the potty! ).   Stupid Isaac Newtons "isolated systems " are NOT found in nature. 

I ask – 

Why has Nasadiya Sukta of Rig Veda NOT been placed in text books and encyclopedias around this planet .   

Why is Rig Veda being explained on the basis of Greeko theories—who have dipped into the  written Vedas, older by 4800 years ?  

It is NOT clear to even a half wit that this has to the be the world's first exegesis or even theory on cosmogony.

These white historians are the same idiots who translated Ânid-avAtam (आनीदवातं  ) of verse 2 to be “He lived without breathing".    What do these dim-wits know of Prana or a scalar field without vibrations (avatam) ?   The white man must NOT try to interpret our priceless Vedas.

The whole world goes GA GA about Albert Einstein for this path breaking ORIGINAL ( sic !) theories –
that-
--Energy and matter is interconvertible
--Space time fabric
--Space Time dilation
etc etc

ALL THESE THINGS HAVE BEEN WRITTEN DOWN IN THE ANCIENT INDIAN SCRIPTURES  7000 YEARS BEFORE  .

Albert Einstein’s proficiency in Math was below par.  He was assisted in Math in his thesis.

Punch into Google search-
SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL

Math was outsourced to India and an Indian university VC, even became a SIR.

The white invader even converted India to a VERY SMALL country .

Punch into Google search-

THE COUNTRY SIZE RACIST CONSPIRACY VADAKAYIL  .
"How I wish that day will soon come when in every home the Veda will be worshipped
together with Shalagrama, the household Deity, when the young, the old, and the women will

inaugurate the worship of the Veda!" -- Swami Vivekananda






Here is the beginning of the speech of Swami Vivekananada at Chicago on Sept 11, 1893

Sisters and Brothers of America,

It fills my heart with joy unspeakable to rise in response to the warm and cordial welcome which you have given us. I thank you in the name of the most ancient order of monks in the world; I thank you in the name of the mother of religions, and I thank you in the name of millions and millions of Hindu people of all classes and sects.

My thanks, also, to some of the speakers on this platform who, referring to the delegates from the Orient, have told you that these men from far-off nations may well claim the honor of bearing to different lands the idea of toleration. I am proud to belong to a religion which has taught the world both tolerance and universal acceptance. We believe not only in universal toleration, but we accept all religions as true.

I am proud to belong to a nation which has sheltered the persecuted and the refugees of all religions and all nations of the earth. I am proud to tell you that we have gathered in our bosom the purest remnant of the Israelites, who came to Southern India and took refuge with us in the very year in which their holy temple was shattered to pieces by Roman tyranny. CONTD ----   ------

YES, WE GAVE THE JEWS OF ISRAEL SHELTER IN KERALA,  MORE THAN TWO  MILLENNIUMS AGO ,  BUT THE SAME JEW CAME BACK AS TRADERS OF A SHIPPING COMPANY KNOWN AS BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY AND ROBBED US BLIND ( INCLUDING INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY )  IN THREE CENTURIES FLAT .  

SO MUCH FOR GRATITUDE  .  

THE EIGHT AVATAR OF VISHNU , KRISHNA HAD WARNED US WELL IN ADVANCE ,VIA BHAGAWAD GITA, TO BE STRONG AND NOT TO BE TRAGEDY KINGS .



Instead of following Lord Krishna’s advise,  we have been releasing with great respect , Black Mamba venomous snakes  who  came to  kill us.

Punch into Google search-

THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY  VADAKAYIL



Anybody who has criticized the Vedas, is an enemy of Hinduism and is jealous of ancient India..  Any Indian who gave away our Vedas to the white , blond haired, blue eyed man is a double agent and a traitor.

The Vedas are the crowning glory, strength and sustenance of the wise Hindu race.   It is the Vedas which kept Hinduism alive after 800 years of debilitating slavery.



There is nothing in Hinduism that does not owe its origin and allegiance to the Vedas, directly or indirectly.  Every Hindu's conduct, social carriage  and spiritual attainments have been shaped, and will be shaped in the future by the Vedas.

These sacred texts are the foundation of the Hindu way of life,  and also the support for its evolution.  We are NOT the PAGAN human and animal sacrificing SAVAGES  , as branded by the proselytizing white man to be.  Imagine simple peaceful vegetarians sacrificing animals in temples.



When the warrior caste of the Hindu race failed to save the country from the brutal and cunning invaders, because they were too honourable, it was the Vedas that saved the Indian race from internal dissipation, as had happened in every other country.  

When the bulldozers of freemason driven science started tearing down every religion into meek submission, it was the Vedas that made the Hindus stand in all majesty and with dignity -- unconquered, unscathed.  

And finally, when materialism and its never satiating ally, consumerism, is sucking the globe of its vitality, it is the Vedas that make the Hindus laugh at the greedy and vain monster -- in derision.  



For Vedas has taught us to be happy internally—NOT to run after happiness. Rather happiness must alight on our heads like a butterfly.   Inner happiness is all about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER.  For life is a combination of spiritual, intellectual and physical aspects.  

We Hindus knew that after the game of life, the prince and the pauper goes into the same box.



The  “ultimate reality” of creation which physicists have arrived at by using mathematics , the Indian Maharishis arrived at by using their fractal brains, computed in instant 3D geometry.. .  

Among all  ancient civilizations , the Indian philosopher alone seems to have had any perspective of the vast space and time.

Yet the white man talks about other civilizations in the same breath as India—Maya- Hopi, Aztec, Egyptian, Mesopotamina, Sumerian, Greek, Roman etc.   

How many of these civilizations knew to talk , leave along write in 5000 BC ?  How many of them have left behind books of any value ?-- leave alone great mental leaps  !


Hindu philosophy is able to envisage beyond the point of 'singularity', at which modern scientific theories have stopped. The Hindu philosopher alone seems to have had any clear perspective of the origin of universe.  The Vedas are mankind's oldest scriptures. They are regarded by Hindus as direct revelation from God (Apourusheyas) absorbed by seers . 

The Vedic thinkers tried to understand the beginning, growth and end of life, and they tried to learn the truth, which controls not only our life, but the related planets too.  The Vedic philosophers called the universe Brahmanda, meaning infinite cosmic egg..  The whole universe was in a concentrated form which is mentioned as a point, or Bindu of Sri Yantra ( singularity ) .




Modern science says that this Universe is 13.7 billion years old. By weight, it is 4% of atoms, 23% of dark matter and 73% of dark energy.

This is in consonance with the  Na asat na sat concept of Vedas . describes zero state or total single black hole concept. From this state, the next stage of 'ambhas' ( cosmic waters ) is formed.

The Nasadiya Sukta despite being a humn transcends the limits of logical thinking-- for only in  poetry can such a profound message be conveyed --  invoking in splendid verses the Primal Mystery that transcends both human and divine...



Modern science says that this Universe is 13.7 billion years old. By weight, it is 4% of atoms, 23% of dark matter and 73% of dark energy.

This is in consonance with the  Na asat na sat concept of Vedas .  It describes zero state or total single black hole concept.  From this state, the next stage of 'ambhas' ( cosmic water ) is formed.

He created these worlds ambhas , marici , mara and apa --Yajurveda- 5000 BC

The Nasadiya Sukta despite being a humn transcends the limits of logical thinking-- for only in  poetry can such a profound message be conveyed --  invoking in splendid verses the Primal Mystery that transcends both human and divine...

In the beginning all this was unmanifested. From that emerged the manifested. The Brahman created Itself by Itself. Therefore it is called the self-creator.  Taittiriya Upanishad 5000 BC

 “Sahovaacha yadurdhvam gargi divo yadavaakprithivyaa yadantharaa dyaavaa prithivee
 ime yadbhutam cha bhavacha bhavishyachetyakshata aakaase tadotam cha protam cheti."  

( Maharishi Yajnavalkya telling Gargi ) ---Brihadaranyaka Upanishad (3:8, 4) 5000 BC

“Oh Gargi! The earth along with those which are above and below the earth, the time that is past, present and future, are all in unmanifested space.”     

This is the same which explains the equation between space and time, approved by modern science ( which immorally dipped from ancient Vedic science, without giving credit  ) .

"Tadejathi tannaijati taddure tadvantike
Tadantarasya sarvasya tadu sarvasyaasya bahyatah," Esavasyopanishad 5000 BC

"It (Self) moves. It moves not. It is far and it is near. It is within all this, and it is outside all this.”

The whole universe is contained in its space and the whole space is contained in its universe.

"Vishtabhyahamidamkrithsnam ekaamsena sthito jagat" ( Bhagawad Gita sloka 42)
"Only one microcosmic part of His abundant multiplicity pervades (fills) the whole universe."

German Jew Rothschild got the Rig Veda translated in 1830, in Latin by German Jew Friedrich August Rosen. His translation of the first book of the Rigveda appeared posthumously in 1838. The remaining books remained unedited for another five decades, until Rothschild employee German  Max Muller did it in 1890-92.

The first complete translation was in English, made by Rothschild’s employee Horace Hayman Wilson, who published it in six volumes over the years 1850-88.  He is the same man who translated ( sic !) the works of the FAKE Kalidasa in English.

Mr Horace Hayman Wilson does REVERSE TRANSLATION -

“Pleased on each terrace dancing with delight
The friendly peacock hails thy grateful flight:
Delay then, certain in Ujjain to find
All that restores the frame or cheers the mind,
Hence with new zeal to Siva homage pay,
The God whom earth, and hell, and heaven obey:
For at his shoulders like a dusky robe,
Mantling impend thy vast and shadowy globe:
Where ample forests, stretched its skirts below,
Projecting trees like dangling limbs bestow:
And vermeil roses fiercely blooming shed
Their rich reflected glow, their blood-resembling red.”

Is above fu#kin’ verse an ancient Indian Sanskrit scholar style by any stretch of imagination? 

Oh fu#kin' yeah ?



This immoral man had made the Sanskrit-English Dictionary (1819) , totally created by Indian Sanskrit pandits and pasted his name over the book.

The year after the release of H. H. Wilson's last volume, in 1889, another complete translation into English was published - that of  Rothschild employee Ralph Thomas Hotchkin Griffith.  This guy is the one who translated ( sic )  Kumara Sambhava of the FAKE Kalidasa.

The Wilson and Griffith works are still the only complete English translations.

In 1951-57, Karl Friedrich Geldner published a German version, which was used for a Russian version in 1989-99.    Geldner sent the Rig Veda to the Rotshchild publishers in 1928 but did not reach the public until after the author's death in February 1929. 

The three volumes of his Der Rig-Veda aus dem Sanskrit ins Deutsche übersetzt were finally released in 1951.

It is strange that Friedrich August Rosen’s and Karl Friedrich Geldner’s works on Rig Veda had to wait till they both died.

The Rgveda has 1028 hymns (suktas) divided into ten mandalas (books). The shortest sukta (hymn) has 1 verse, whereas the longest has 58 verses, and the total number of verses is 10,462.

 

Above video: the Source of all -   Purusha sukta is hymn 10.90 of the Rigveda, dedicated to the Purusha, the "Cosmic Being".   The Purusha sukta gives a description of the spiritual unity of the universe.   It presents the nature of Purusha or the cosmic being as both immanent in the manifested world and yet transcendent to it.  From this being, the sukta holds, the original creative INTENT proceeds which causes the projection the universe in space and time.

Om taccham yoravrini mahe
ghatun yajnaya
ghatun yajnapataye
daivi svastirastu naha
svastir manushebhyaha
urdhvam jigatu bheshajam
sham no astu dvipade
sham chatushpade

Om shantih shantih shantihi
  
Om sahasra shirsha purushaha
sahasrakshas sahasrapat
sa bhumim vishvato vritva
atyatishthad dhashangulam

purusha evedagam sarvam
yadbhutam yaccha bhavyam
utamritatva syeshanaha
yadanne natirohati

etavanasya mahima
ato jyayagamshcha purushaha
padosya vishva bhutani
tripadasya mritam divi

 tripadurdhva udaitpurushaha
padosyeha bhavatpunaha
tato vishvajya kramat
sashana ashane abhi

tasmad viradajayata
virajo adhi purushah
sa jato atyarichyata
pashchad bhumimatho puraha

yatpurushena havisha
deva yajnam atanvata
vasanto asyasidajyam
grishma idhmash sharaddhavihi
  
saptasyasan paridhayaha
trissapta samidhah kritaha
deva yadjajnam tanvanaha
abadhnan purusham pashum

 tam yajnam barhishipraukshan
purusham jatamagrataha
tena deva ayajantaha
sadhya rishayashchaye
  
tasmad yajnat sarvahutaha
sambhritam vrishadajyam
pashugamstya gashchakre
vayavyan aranyan gramashcaye

tasmad yajnat sarvahutaha
richassamani jijignire
chandhagamsi jijignire tasmat
yajus tasmad ajayata

 tasmadashva ajayata
ye ke cobhaya dataha
gavo ha jijignire tasmat
tasmad jnata ajavayaha
  
yatpurusham vyadadhuhu
kadhita vyakalpayan
mukham kimasya kau bahu
kavuru padavuchayate

brahmanosya mukhamasit
bahu rajanyah kritaha
uru tadasya yadvaishyaha
padhyagam shudro ajayata
  
chandrama manaso jataha
chakshoh suryo ajayata
mukhad indrash chagnishcha
pranadvayur ajayata

nabhya asidanta riksham
shirshno dyauh samavartata
padhyam bhumirdishash shrotrat
tada lokagamm akalpayan
  
vedahametam purusham mahantam
adityavarnam tamasastu pare
sarvani rupani vichitya dhiraha
namani kritva abhivadan yadaste
  
dhata purastadya mudajahara
shakrah pravidvan pradishashcha tasraha
tamevam vidvan amrita iha bhavati
nanyah pantha ayanaya vidyate

 yajnena yajnam ayajanta devaha
tani dharmani pradhamanyasan
te ha nakam mahimanas sacante
yatra purve sadhyah santi devaha

 adbhyas sambhutah prithivyai rasacca
vishvakarmanas samavartatadhi
tasya tvashta vidadhad rupameti
tatpurushasya vishvamajanamagre

 vedahametam purusham mahantam
adityavarnam tamasah parastat
tamevam vidvan amrita iha bhavati
nanyah pantha vidyate'yanaya

 prajapatishcharati garbhe antaha
ajayamano bahudha vijayate
tasya dhirah parijananti yonim
marichinam padamicchanti vedhasaha

 yo devebhya atapati
yo devanam purohitaha
purvo yo devebhyo jataha
namo ruchaya brahmaye
  
rucham brahmam janayantaha
deva agre tadabruvan
yastvaivam brahmano vidyat
tasya deva asanvashe

hrishcha te lakshmishcha patnyau
ahoratre parshve
nakshatrani rupam
ashvinau vyattam
ishtam manishana
amun manishana
sarvam manishana

Om shanti shanti shantihi

The Cosmic Egg of Vedanta is akin to the point of 'Singularity' in astrophysics.  It is a point or 'Bindu',  at the centre of the Sri Yantra.

 

I wrote a post nearly 4 years ago-

Punch into Google search-
QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT VIDEO  VADAKAYIL

The double slit experiment just proved what is written in our Vedas.

Our universe is NOT a bunch of single individual parts of atoms, molecules, planets and stars that only maintain contact by separate forces such as gravity acting upon them.  Quantum entangled particles keep their coherent relation eternally and are not bothered by any distance separating them whether it be a few millimetres or the distance of a galaxy.  We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited ( narrow band width ) five senses--like how stupid Newton saw a rotten apple.

Make sure you watch the video below.   All this is part of Vedanta. 






In my hometown Calicut we are having a humble revival of the Vedas.   

You must know that Kerala is run over by R communist atheists, Christians and Muslims politically.    All of them run down Vedas and Hinduism subtly at every opportunity  –  as a result Hindus became self loathing .

Vedas were being branded as SAVAGE superstition -- as per the propaganda of the inner coterie of the waitress and  big brother / Syrian Jews- nay- Christian controlled main stream media ..



Yagashalas are single use structures.   

This is why you see so many stonehenges around the world. In ancient days all those areas were ruled by India.

Punch into Google search-

STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL

A brief mention about the style of the ancient Maharishis—metaphysics  and dialectics ( not empiricism )  which were lifted by the modern philosophers, who wanted to shine at the expense of others.

Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”.  Its object is to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole.  It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce. Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality .

 It is the study and science of first principles or ultimate irrefutable truths. the two descriptions of the subject would thus be two sides of a single coin.. it.  Scientific theories can be brought to the test of experience, whereas metaphysical theories cannot.

The metaphysician is a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands. 
He can refute by debate (not to win an argument) , through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions.
 
Dialectic, in philosophy, is a method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.  The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long oration conducted by a single person—lie the evangelists who jump up and down like orangutans on TV..



Empiricism, is  a doctrine that affirms that all ideas and knowledge are a posteriori, that is, derived from and based on experience, and denies that they can ever be a priori, that is, discoverable without having to rely on the senses. 

Laws that express  relationships between phenomena, without making any claims about the underlying causes of the phenomena, are called empirical laws.  The meaning of the term experience is generally limited to the impressions and sensations received by the 5 senses.

Thus, knowledge is the information apprehended by the five sense modalities— hearing, seeing, touching, tasting, and smelling.   Such knowledge is always about matters of fact, about what one can see, touch, hear, taste, or smell.   

For strict empiricists this definition has the implication that the human mind is passive—it is an organ that receives impressions and more or less records them as they are. 
Empiricism emphasizes those aspects of scientific knowledge that are closely related to evidence, especially as discovered in experiments  ( apun ko proof maangtha hai ,  gora gaand Newton poochta hai, evidaance kidhar hai ? Dikhao na ?)



It is a fundamental part of the scientific method that all hypotheses and theories must be tested against observations of the natural world, rather than resting solely on a priori reasoning, intuition, or revelation.  

Hence, classical science is considered to be methodologically empirical in nature.



And someone must tell MAHATMA Phule ( Guru of BR Ambedkar ) , that when Vedas were penned down, there was only ONE language on this planet .



The MAHATMA had said--  QUOTE :  If there is only one God, who created the whole mankind, why did he write the Vedas only in Sanskrit language despite his anxiety for the welfare of the whole mankind?  What about the welfare of those who do not understand this language? “UNQUOTE 



Baap re !  A veritable waterfall of wisdom !!  A mindboggling domino effect !!!

 

Deceit  introduced by the immoral white invader’s stooges have struck at the roots of Hinduism.  

The AGAMA culture is the main reason why there are so many ridiculous and meaningless practices and rituals in Hindu temples.  None of these have the sanction of the holy Vedas.

Today the ISKON sect hijacked by white men  , have even started saying that Lord Krishna is the only god in Hindusim and that Krishna is the ORIGINAL hindu god.

Lord Krishna was an earthy avatar of Lord Vishnu in 4000 BC.  

Lord Vishnu took an avatar ( 8th ) on earth as Lord Krishna , to kill his MOST LOYAL devotees Jaya and Vijaya – re-born as  shishupala and dantavakra—as per a promise made to Jaya and Vijaya .

We know of the ADVAITA morphogenetic consciousness field brahmAn ( unseen like allah ) and the DVAITA trinity of brahma/ shiva / vishnu and their spouses .

Shakti ( Devi / Bhagawati ) worship existed even before the Vedic gods came to Kerala via Lord Parashurama

Sanatana Dharma was loaded with millions of gods by forces remote controlled by the white invader – we never had so many gods the white invader came to India.

Internet Gurus who charge a fortune and creating more and more gods involving AGAMA shastra .

Narendra Modi MUST stop this practice and must NOT allow Hinduism to be milked by rogues.


Why do temples have bells?   People who are visiting the temple will ring the bell before entering the inner sanctum ( Garbha Gruha or womb- chamber) where the main idol is placed.  According to AGAMA Sastra , the bell is used to give sound for keeping evil forces away and the ring of the bell is pleasant to God ( Oh boy !)  .   

The vedic reason is that the ring formats our consciousness .   No sleepy dullards are expected to be near the sanctum  sanctorum .

Albert Einstein said  "We have been all wrong.  What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses.  There is no matter." 

He has just quoted from 7000 year old Vedanta ( which he was proficient in ) which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality.



The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning.

Vedas are NOT about Indra running around like a jack ass looking for lost cows and then doing a animal or human sacrifice so that he can get the strength to screw the asuras...

OM is not calling your goat as ridiculed by the white historian – Yet all religions lifted OM of the PAGAN religion and mirrored it as AMEN, SHALOM, 786, OMKAR— or whatever. 

Hindustani DeshbhaktAugust 19, 2014 at 11:49 PM
Capt.,
Have told the real story behind Lord Brahma not being worshipped in any of your blogs? I don't think the story of the curse of Lord Shiva is logical..
ReplyDelete
Replies
1.                        Description: http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-1TmA2Q8dmoI/UwiDv2Fb3eI/AAAAAAAApp4/Gfi3eJL51UI/s45/*
Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 20, 2014 at 1:13 AM
hi hd,

Nobody has understood Hindusim after Adi Shankaracharya of 2000 BC.

The ADVAITA VEDANTA of Adi Shankaracharya tells us that the god of sanatana dharma cannot be picked by the 5 human senses. It is a morphogenetic consciousness field .  
This is the god which Islam has lifted.

In DVAITA VEDANTA we have the trinity of Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva OR the creator – mediator- destroyer. Brahma is brahmAn personified on this template as creator .

In SANKHYA VEDANTA we have brahmAn as PURUSHA witnessing the dance of PRAGATI.

We have personified our gods . The earthy avatars of Vishnu are personified.

When King Kakudmi went to see Brahma with his daughter Revati, Brahma was watching this dance.

The allegories of Sanatana Dharma are NOT meant only for the perceptive. WE have NOT seen too many perceptive Sanskrit scholars lately.

The white Sanskrit scholars – the Doniger types -- are downright STUPID, --that is if she says that she is NOT a double agent !

Hinduism has been murdered by the FAKE mutts and FAKE Shankaracharyas created by the white invader, the white evangelists eager to harvest souls to claim credit from Vatican like insurance agents , their stooges ( the Christian converts ) and the atheists .

Has Swami Vivekananda done anything to reveal the POISON INJECTED by the white invader ? 

It is better that I say NO more !

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS EXCEEDED 200, CLICK ON "LOAD MORE" TO SEE THE REST OF THE COMMENTS . 




(Chidananda Rupa Shivoham Shivoham)
Mano Buddhi Ahankara Chitta Ninaham
Nacha Shrotra Jihve Na Cha Ghrana Netre
Nacha Vyoma Bhoomir Na Tejo Na Vayu
Chidananda Rupa Shivoham Shivoham
...
I am not the mind, intellect, ego, or memory.
I am not the eyes, ears, nose, tongue or skin.
I am not the earth, wind, fire, water or ether.
Indeed, I am consciousness-bliss, I am Shiva.
*********************************************************************
CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


KAUTILYA OR CHANAKYA  THE AUTHOR OF ARTHASHASTRA ,  THE FIRST MENTOR OF THIS PLANET ,  SURGEON- ASTRONOMER - ECONOMIST- VEDAS EXPERT - POLITICAL SCIENTIST- SOCIAL ENGINEER PAR EXCELLENCE ,   CHANDRA GUPTA MAURYA THE FIRST EMPEROR OF MAURYA EMPIRE CREATED BY CHANAKYA AS SOON AS ALEXANDER CROSSED THE DARDENELLES  ,  ALEXANDER THE GREAT DEFEATED BY KING PORUS OF A SMALL KINGDOM WITH JUST 85 WAR ELEPHANTS ,  TOTAL MENTAL DISINTEGRATION OF GREEK ARMY ON KNOWING THAT MAURYA EMPIRE ARMY HAD 9000 WAR ELEPHANTS AND NANDA EMPIRE ARMY HAD 6000 WAR ELEPHANTS ,  PSYCHOLOGICAL WARFARE BY CHANAKYA BY INTRODUCING TIBETAN MASTIFFS WHOSE BOOMING INFRA SOUND BARKS TERRORISED THE GREEK ARMY HORSES -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above map:  Kerala with its Kalari martial art culture was NEVER under foreign rule, though this place was known for its beauty and riches--   till the FRENCH brother of Rothschild gave rockets to Tipu Sultan ( to blast temples whose vaults had enormous gold  ) and Tipu Sultan used local Mappilas ( arab – muslim half breeds,  almost like anglo Indians  ) to spy and give covert support .  Today Salman Khurshid says that Tipu Sultan invented rockets . 

Since I am a bit busy , I would like my readers to prepare for a long haul post on Chanakya by first reading the following three posts.   



Punch into Google search-

ALEXANDER THE GREAT AND KING PORUS  THE HIDDEN TRUTH VADAKAYIL

SIKHA, KUDUMI, CHOTI, OPEN FLAG OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

LET LOOSE THE DOGS OF WAR VADAKAYIL



Every piece of history written by the white historian about Chanakya and his times is a big LIE.   He was a honorable but practical man , who will NOT spare a black mamba snake who tried to bite him.  



It is totally unfair to compare Chanakya to Niccolo di Bernardo dei Machiavelli who was a SLIMY SOB WHO LACKED CHARACTER.    

In Jawaharlal Nehru's Discovery of India,   Chanakya has been called the Indian Machiavelli. Wonder why  - was Nehru a dim-wit ?

Here is a WISDOM quote made by Chanakya 2400 years ago “ Though men be endowed with beauty and youth and born in noble families, yet without education they are like the PALASA flower which is devoid of sweet fragrance”

Asaram bapu was spraying the fragrance of this flower on his followers when the ENTIRE foreign  supari fed media ganged up upon him and accused him of wasting water.

Indians must know what type of presstitutes our main stream media is.

They pretend to be desh bhakts , but are desh drohis of the first order .

Punch into Google search-

HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL


Below : Wanna see a video – how main 

stream media whores deliver news ?





Chanakya is credited to have given the best grooming to a future king in terms of wisdom. I do NOT agree with this.

Read the post below , and you will agree with me.

Vishnu  Sharma is 2600 years older than Chanakya .

Punch into Google search-

SUPER PANCHATANTRA VADAKAYIL




Well I am starting my narrative  - 

I shall deliberately leave it unedited , so that fools cannot keep track.  

The intelligent will need to read it twice OR do memory construct.

Chanakaya is supposed to have died before the Grandson of Chandra Gupta Maurya became emperor .
Chandra Gupta Maurya converted from Hinduism to Jainism as per the white invader –as BAAAD Hindusim made him self loathing .

Chandra Gupa’s grandson Ashoka also became self loathing and converted from Hinduism to Buddhism.
Nobody in India or even Buddhist Sri Lanka ever heard of the Kalinga war ( one lakh soldiers slaughtered ) which caused an unknown King Ashoka to convert to Buddhism.

However there is a unweathered and FAKE looking rock edict unearthed by the white invader  which mentions that cruel Hindu King Ashoka converted to Buddhism because of the remorse he felt on account of Kalinga war –and due to pasts sins caused by his Hindu religion.

So what all evil deeds did BAAAAD BAAAAD Hindusim cause King Ashoka to do,and which causes him so much of remorse ,that he wanted to tun over a new leaf and convert to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism ?
Ashoka's killed 99 of his brothers, sparing only one, named Vitashoka.    

The white invader has got his Buddhist stooges to write that Ashoka was so cruel that he had a torture chamber in his palace – and they even know the name of his chief torturer – a guy by the name of Girika

The truth is Ashoka did NOT exist.   Leave alone hundred brothers and his elaborate torture chamber .
Hey , come can you say King Ashoka did NOT exist when the white invader has written , along with his Buddhist stooges that  during his cremation, his body burned for seven days and nights, pray ?

But  hey, the 13th FAKE looking rock edict tells us that Ashoka converted to Buddhism because of the remorse he felt on account of Kalinga war.   Never mind that not a single Buddhist or Hindu text ever spoke of the Kalinga war.  But the newly written Buddhist books talk about Ashoka being converted by a Buddhist monk Samudra / Nyagrodha.

Now here is another paradox--  while newly written scriptures talk about 84,000 Buddhist monasteries established by Ashok a, the rock edicts are strangely silent on this—NOT a single rock dict mentions any Buddhism related activity by Ashoka ( actually King Piyadasi wrongly called Ashoka to make two plus two equals five ).  Not a single Ashoka rock edicts mentions even a single sentence about the teachings of  Buddha.

Buddha existed in 1900 BC , NOT 1400 later as per the white historian.

King Ashoka has NOTHING to do with the rock edicts and the Kalinga war.

Taxila university has been kicked forward in time from3000 BC to 1000 BC by the white invader. The white invader writes that Taxila was abandoned in 5th century BC.   If that is the case how did Chanakya teach there , when Alexander the great set our from Greece?   The Taxila university ruins can be seen even today in Pakistan, 20 miles from Rawalpindi.

The western accounts are full of white lies.

Wikipedia writes that Chanakya poisoned King Porus to death ( Google KING PORUS WIKIPEDIA ) .  

This is a LIE.

Chanakya has been made out to be an evil serpent with no scruples , devoid of all morals and character. The fact is that he was a very honourable man and a true Karma Yogi.  He was a Kerala Namboodiri, who was proficient in Vedas, Surgery, Astronomy, Economics and political science—a respected professor at Taxila University. 

He was very familiar with the teachings of Shukracharya (  Ahura Mazda , God of the Parsis )

The white historian has lied that when Alexander came to India , the Maurya empire with 9000 war elephants did NOT exist. 

The truth is that as soon as Alexander crossed the Dardenelles straits with his army,  Chanaka resigned from his teacher job at Taxila university and went to the Nanda empire capital at Pataliputra .  Alexander has with him 48,100 foot soldiers, 6,100 cavalry and a fleet of 120 ships with crew numbering 38,000 --and it was NOT a war exercise .

He advised the Nanda King about the looming foreign invasion by a greek King Alexander and advised him meet the Greek army , as other kingdoms were too small and not militarily strong as the mighty Nanda empire.

Probably Chanakya did NOT use tact, as he senses a way to be a kingmaker and micromanage the defence to the invasion threat.

So, 2300 years  ago, Chanakya entered the palace of the Nandas.  He saw ten gold plates and thrones.  He was told that nine were for the eight Nanda princes (who were brothers) and their father Sarvarthasiddhi.  

The tenth was for the most learned person in Vedas. 

This throne was always reserved for Subandhu, who was way below Chanakya in Vedic knowledge .   Chanakya strode up and sat down on the tenth throne.

Chanakya knew that the ideologies of the then existing small kingdoms in the Indian Subcontinent (janapadas) which was limited to safeguarding their own boundaries.  They did NOT have the vision or perspective to unite and confront a larger battle hardened  foreign invader army.  

Nanda was the only mighty empire at that time. Chanakya went to Pataliputra to suggest that the Magadha king Dhana Nanda must position his army North West of Taxila kingdom at the virtual gates of Hindustan . 

 To be honest such a grandiouse proposition would be bizarre to any king ..and it was natural that they would smell a rat and get upset. The perceptive prime minister of King Dhana Nanda , Amatya Rakshasa could have been convinced,  but a fortuitous incident upset the applecart ..probably for the better .

Chanakya was a famous and proud man those days .

Now—


The nine princes and Subandhu entered the place and noticed Chanakya sitting on the throne, and all got terribly upset.

The youngest two brothers, Sukalpa and Dhanananda, asked him rudely to get up and leave. Chanakya replied, 'I am the most qualified for the tenth throne. It is my right to sit on it.

If Subandhu defeats me in a literary vedic public debate, I will readily step down.'

Everybody knew that Subandhu was NO match for Chankya.

The princes become more angry but Chanakya remained calm.   



Sukalpa insulted him by calling him a black like a monkey but Chanakya continued to be calm and said that the duty of the king is obey the Sanatana dharma.  Since the tenth throne is to be given to the most learned man, it is dharmic that a fair contest be held.

Further, Chanakya noted that he may be dark skinned  like a monkey but Vedic scholars are noted for what is inside them.  The princes got more angry made fun of his hair tuft ( Mun-Kudumi ) and asked the palace guards to throw him out..

While Chanakya was being physically evicted one guard pulled him by his hair tuft .

Immediately Chanakya untied his own Kudumi –and this made everybody terribly nervous.

He took  the famous oath,  “ I will not tie my tuft of hair until I uproot the whole Nanda dynasty and establish dharma in Magadha.   Rulers like you have spoiled Bharat.  This tuft of hair is now a serpent which will come back to bite you.”



Hearing this, Sukalpa got furious and  ordered him to be put to death.  However, a minister Subuddisarman intervened and requested the king to let go Chanakya or it will be adharmic . 

All were too stunned to react and Chanakya walked out unmolested.

Chanakya true to his word would later dethrone the mighty Nandas, and put the illegitimate son of Prince Sarvarthasiddhi of the Nanda empire Chandra Gupta on the newly created Mauryan empire throne. 



All of them knew the incident which involved Lord Krishna in 4000 BC, mentioned in the scriptures .

When Krishna was about to kill Rukmi ( his wife’s brother ) ,  Rukmini fell at his feet and pleaded to spare her brother’s life.  Out of respect for her words, he tied him with a cloth. 

He sliced off half his sikha ( kudumi or hair tuft ) .  Cutting the whole tuft would be  equivalent to killing him in battle due to the enormous disrespect involved .

Krishna with his sword raised said. ‘The only reason I am letting you live is because of my wife Rukmini!…’




Chanakya decided to groom the illegitimate son of the Nanda king to be king and create an empire even before Alexander arrived at India’s doorsteps.  

 Only King Ambi of Taxila and King Porus of Paurava stood between the would be Greek invader and the growing but fledgling Maurya Empire.



A lot of genuine information is obtained  about the Maurya empire in the book Indica, written by the Greeko Megasthenes (who was an ambassador of Seleucus Nikator and had come to the court of Chandragupta).

Megasthenes described the glory and riches of the Mauryan capital of Pataliputra.  He also talked of the lifestyle in the cities and villages and the prosperity of the Mauryan cities.

Greek ethnographer Megasthenes ( died 290 BC ) wrote about the caste system of India as follows-

QUOTE:  The first is formed by the collective body of the Philosophers, which in point of number is inferior to the other classes, but in point of dignity preeminent over all. The philosopher who errs in his predictions incurs censure, and then observes silence for the rest of his life.

The second caste consists of the Husbandmen, who appear to be far more numerous than the others. They devote the whole of their time to tillage; nor would an enemy coming upon a husbandman at work on his land do him any harm, for men of this class, being regarded as public benefactors, are protected from all injury.

The third caste consists of the Shepherds and in general of all herdsmen who neither settle in towns nor in villages, but live in tents.

The fourth caste consists of the Artizans. Of these some are armourers, while others make the implements that husbandmen and others find useful in their different callings. This class is not only exempted from paying taxes, but even receives maintenance from the royal exchequer.

The fifth caste is the Military. It is well organized and equipped for war, holds the second place in point of numbers, and gives itself up to idleness and amusement in the times of peace. The entire force--men-at-arms, war-horses, war-elephants, and all--are maintained at the king's expense.

The sixth caste consists of the Overseers. It is their province to inquire into and superintend all that goes on in India, and make report to the king, or, where there is not a king, to the magistrates.

The seventh caste consists of the Councillors and Assessors,--of those who deliberate on public affairs. It is the smallest class, looking to number, but the most respected, on account of the high character and wisdom of its members; for from their ranks the advisers of the king are taken, and the treasurers, of the state, and the arbiters who settle disputes. The generals of the army also, and the chief magistrates, usually belong to this class.UNQUOTE

MEGASTENES HAS NEVER TALKED ABOUT THE FOUR CASTES AND UNTOUCHABILITY  .  
He has no reason to lie or hide information.  


Indeed Chanakya had laid the foundation of a social system that rewarded a man for his accomplishment and not for his birth-  as per Sanatana Dharma.

His is the first western account of India and he is regarded as one of the founders of the study of Indian history in the West.   He is also the first foreign Ambassador to be mentioned in Indian history.


The white man wrote that brahmin Chanakya hated Nanda because the Nanda kings were Shudra caste. This is a white LIE, as those days the 4 tier caste system did NOT exist, except in Kerala.

Not once –repeat –NOT ONCE – did Megasthenes mention of Buddha or  Buddhists or Buddhism. –  read this line twice .

Not once –repeat- NOT ONCE –did Megasthenes mention of Mahavira, Jains or Jainism in his comprehensive and voluminous book—read this line twice .



He talks about views on Socrated and Aristotle among Brahmins.  Megasthenes has written that Greek views of physics were preceded by those of  Indians.

Of course the whole western world knows that Pythagoras and Plato studied in India. -and that Orpheus was an Indian seer, with some in Europe even calling Orpheus as Jesus getting the Pope pissed off. .

Square silver coins were issued between 321 and 181 BC by the Mauryan Empire, after the  death of Alexander the Great.





The white historian has written that Hindu king Chandra Gupta Maurya was converted to Jainism by sage Bhadrabahu ( sic ) , and then he abdicated his throne to spend his last days at Shravanabelagola, in Karnataka ,where he fasted to death –  such were his sins he committed as a BAAAAAAAD  Hindu..

This is a LIE !

Even the white man’s mouthpiece says the same thing—google “ HISTORY OF JAINISM WIKIPEDIA  “

Let me quote Wikipedia –QUOTE “Tradition says that Chandragupta Maurya (322–298 BCE), the founder of Mauryan Empire became disciple of Bhadrabahu during later part of his life.[24] .However, such accounts of Jain relationship with kings do not conform to the data available in other sources sometimes and hence are dubious.[24]”UNQUOTE

See Capt Ajit Vadakayil and Wikipedia are on the same page for once ! TEE HEEEEEE !!

Here is another immoral propaganda , to show that Alexander really defeated King Porus of India.

QUOTE When he besieged Jerusalem, he was shown the prophecy in ‘the book of Daniel’ that foretold the coming of a Greek king who would conquer India. Delighted at such a divine praise and surrender of its people he spared Jerusalem and moved on. UNQUOTE

According to poison injected Jain accounts Chanakya converted from Hinduism to Jainism, to atone for his past sins – which is a truckload of bull.

Nobody had ever heard of Chanakya’s magnumopus Arthashastra in India.   

The discovery of the manuscript of the 4th-century BC work from a heap of palm-leaf manuscripts, by scholar Rudrapatnam Shamasastry who published it in 1909, resulted in historians the world over acknowledging that India did have an enviable textual history. 

Let me make this very clear. This manuscript though falling apart in pieces was NOT more than 200 years old.    It was a copy of the original and it was injected with poison by the white invader.

The name of a Vishnu Gupta was mentioned just once –and it is obvious he made one of the copies from the original work penned down 2400 years ago. 

The Arthashastra identifies its author by the name Kautilya.


Arthashastra was “rediscovered” ( poison injected copy only ) in 1905 by the white invader .  The first official translation was done by an Indian R. Shamasastry only in the year 1915 – why wait for 10 years . 

Thereon, we have seen many translations, without understanding the hidden and pregnant nuances of the Arthashastra.

Chanakya spend a lot of time in in the library of Nalanda University too, which about 85 kilometers south east of modern Patna, the Capital ( Pataliputra ) of Magadha Kingdom of the Nandas.

Wikipedia will give you bull that this ancient university was started in  the fifth century AD to 1197 AD, which is a big lie.

Maharishi Varahamihira presented his thesis in Nalanda University in 2660 BC—and this university was almost as old as the one in Taxila of 3000 BC. 

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The white invader has kicked forward in time Varahamihira by nearly 3 millenniums and patented his discoveries for themselves. . 

Even today all astrology in Kerala belongs to Varahamihira’s method.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.   Plato’s disciple was Aristotle , a homosexual.   Homosexual Alexander was the pupil of Aristotle.

The white historians have LIED when they wrote that Chandra Gupta Maurya used Yavana (Greek) soldiers to bring down the Nanda empire .

In Chandragupta (1911), a play by Dwijendralal Ray, the Nanda king exiles his half-brother Chandragupta ( sic ), who joins the army of Alexander the Great  .   See this is what the immoral white historian wanted him to write.  As a reward in 1884, our man Ray got a state scholarship for study of agriculture in England.    

On his return from England, Ray was appointed as a Deputy Magistrate in 1886 . he came back and propped up the FAKE KaliDASA.  He wrote a book named Kalidas o Bhababhuti—an essay on the FAKE Kalidasa and Bhavabhuti-

According to Dasharatha Sharma, the dramatists Kalidasa and Bhavabhuti utilized the Arthashastra of Kautilya while composing their famous works.   So Kalidasa is indebted to Kautilya's Arthashastra for material in the Raghuvamsa   Similarly, Bhavabhuti utilizes words and ideas from the Arthashastra in the Malatimadhava and the Mahaviracharita.   

How is all this possible when Arthashastra and Niti Shastra ( classified documents for a king ) was NOT available to the public till 1915 ?

The back dated Bhavabhuti wrote Uttararamacharita (The story of Rama's later life), which gives an FAKE account how BAAAAD Lord Rama abandoned his wife Sita.   

Sita abandonment by husband Lord Rama , is NOT there in the original Ramayana of Valmiki  and nobody knew of this till the white invader came to India. .  



Kalidasa gave us the FAKE Radha , the mistress of Lord Krishna.  Nobody in India knew of Radha till the white man came to india. 

So  we Indians must believe the white man when they write two such characters Kalidasa and Bhavabhuti ( of the same timeline and styles ) really existed . 



You must have heard of Amish tripati, Devadutt Patnaik who are darlings of R historians . Have you heard of Ashwin Sanghi?  

Well he wrote the book Chanakya's Chant (2010).  R lobby is so happy with him that they have included him in their Forbes India Celebrity 100.  He has also been hailed as the Indian Dan Brown.  

Why not ? 

I quote him “  The year is 340 BC. A hunted, haunted Brahmin youth vows revenge for the gruesome murder of his beloved father. Cold, cunning, calculating, cruel and armed with a complete absence of accepted morals—blah blah fu#kin’ BLAH   -- Modern India happens to be just as driven as ancient Bharat by class hatred, corruption and divisive politics   “.


Hey, Ashwin Sanghi bhaiyya you forgot about rape and dowry harassment .

Sorry Chanakya , a Vedic scholar was NOT a dishonourable man.   His works have been injected with poison by the white invader.

The Mauryas never annexed Kerala as it was the land of Chanakya, the man who created the empire.

Rothschild was in possession of originals of both Arthashastra and Niti Shastra since the masked horsemen raid at Sringeri Mutt –it is so obvious.   The false flag attack on Sringeri Mutt happened in 1791 using their masked horsemen of the mercenary Laman regiment.  Laman is son of Lehi for the Jews.  Lehi is the “warrior for Jerusalem”

Poor Tipu Sutan got blamed for it, and he vehemently kept denying it.  He blamed the Chitpavan Jew led Marathas . To prove that he did NOT do it, he even made handsome donations to the mutt..

Chanakya introduced the pigeon FAX system . This air courier system had been in use in Kerala for thousands of years , to send messages to the spice outposts in Mecca, Petra , Salala, Aden, Socotra etc.

Natan Rothschild fooled the John Bull at the stock exchange using his pigeon carriers after the battle of Waterloo.

Punch into Google search-

NAPOLEON , THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL

Rothschild operated coded pigeon faxes in both world wars—  thousands of them .

Nobody believed all this,till  some John Bull in England called a chimney sweep and found a pigeon skeleton with the coded message inside a capsule still strapped on to the leg .




 We in Kerala know that our Calicut king ( my hometown ) sent a handwritten letter by pigeon, giving royal permission to convert a temple to a mosque at Kodungallur ( CheramaN Perumal mosque ).  He said he was returning by ship—but never reached Calicut, though the royal ship came back from Salalah where it was awaiting the camel caravan from Mecca.  

Mecca oasis has a Shiva temple which doubled up as a trade outpost.  The king’s body is interned at Salalah ( Oman ) with a Muslim name.  The Arabian muslims said that he got converted by Muhammad .

Punch into Google search-
IBN BATTUTA AT CALICUT  VADAKAYIL .

When Alexander the Great came to India in 326BC--he got beaten back by a minor Indian king by the name of Porus ( Purushottam ) of the Paurava kingdom who had just 85 elephants.

The next king over the border Chandra Gupta Maurya of the newly formed Maurya empire had 9000 war-elephants, and hordes of  fierce Tibetan Mastiff dogs--- and was getting ready to eat up Alexander and his motley army for breakfast -- forcing Alexander's army to chicken out --nay -- fall "homesick" and  revolt . 

The white historian has tried to establish that Chandra Gupta Maurya was named Sandrocottus , an ordinary man , and he was a member of Alexander’s army-  which is a white LIE.

Beyond the Maurya empire was the Nanda empire with 6000 elephants . The Maurya empire had eaten into the Nanda empire , but the Nandas were still mighty..

Later Maurya empire would consume the Nanda empire fully by engineered revolutions –when the Nanda king was drawn out to battle by Chandra Gupta Maurya elsewhere. Later the name of the maurya empire would change to Gupta empire. 

Maurya was a name given by Chanakya as Chandra Gupta Maurya’s mother was from Moriya sect. 

The Gupta empire saw the real golden age of India, NOT the Maurya empire of the unknown Ashoka the so called son of Bindusara.  The Hindu Gupta kingdom ruled by Hindu kings was marked by extensive inventions and discoveries in science, technology, engineering, astronomy, religion and philosophy. 

The notable kings of the Gupta dynasty were Chandra Gupta I, Samudra Gupta, and Chandra Gupta II . 

Nobody in India had ever heard of a Emperor of Maurya dynasty by the name of Ashoka. 

Nobody heard of a Kalinga war which forced him to discard BAAAD hinduism and embrace Buddhism, till a few decades before the white invader was about to leave India .  

Zionist Jews  who did DIVIDE  AND RULE in India established a LIE that Gautama Buddha rejected the existence of a SUPREME creator deity . Rothschild used his stooges to convert god fearing Dalits to atheists .

Rothschild tried to convert Buddha into the ninth avatar of Lord Vishnu ( after Krishna ) displacing Lord Ayyappa.

When this failed --

The Buddist religion was modified to “ In Buddhism, the sole aim of spiritual practice is the complete alleviation of dukkha ("suffering") in saṃsāra, which is called nirvana” .  Short and sweet !

The Buddha is now equated with the DHAMMA .   While creating the FAKE emperor Ashoka , who converted from BAAD BADDD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism , Rothschild historians wrote that Buddha said “ Whoever sees the DHAMMA sees me; whoever sees me sees the DHAMMA".

Rothschild historians planted the FAKE and backdated creation Chinaman Xuanzang who visited Nalanda Univeristy in India 1400 years ago to study Jainism and Buddhism( under a fake and non-existant guru Silabhadra who composed the non-existent Buddhist text Buddhabhumivyakhyana,

 Xuanzang  even visited the kingdom of the Calicut king ( my hometown ) to see the FAKE Buddhist monastery at Kodungallur built by Emperor Asoka’s FAKE brother Mahinda (sic ).

Two years ago Chinese historians came to dig out accounts of Chinese Admiral Zheng He from Calicut university. 

We know !


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/chinese-admiral-zheng-he-in-calicut.html

Hell, they even converted Chanakya , a Kerala Namboodiri to Jainism—such a white LIE.  

They said he died of a broken heart as Bindusara ( a Hindu king ) got angry with him for killing his mother Durdhara ( Chandra Guptas wife ) by poison.

The legend is as follows :  “ Prime Minister Chanakya was concerned that Chandragupta might be poisoned by his enemies, so started introducing small amounts of poison into the emperor’s food in order to build up a tolerance. Chandragupta was unaware of this plan, and shared some of his food with his wife Durdhara when she was very pregnant with their first son. Durdhara died, but Chanakya the professor of Surgery at Taxila university rushed in and performed an emergency operation to remove the full-term baby.  The infant  Bindusara survived, but a bit of his mother’s poisoned blood touched his forehead, leaving a blue bindu  spot that inspired his name”.

I wonder why we attribute Caesarian births to a Roman king—for he came more than 2 centuries later .
It is NO big secret that Emperor Chandragupta Maurya had his own personal bodyguard battalion of hand picked beautiful young women called Vishakanyas ( poison-maidens ) who were resistant to Arsenic-- as they had been fed small doses , since they were born.   

You make love to such a woman -- and you die!

I had mentioned about this is one of my posts where I trashed NASA for declaring that they found DNA in a US lake where Phosphorus was replaced by Arsenic.

Punch into Google search-

DNA , NASA, ARSENIC AND PHOSPHORUS VADAKAYIL

The white invader created a LIE in connivance with the Jain stooges when they said that when Bindusara became a youth,  Chandragupta Maurya gave up the throne and followed the Jain saint Bhadrabahu to present day Karnataka and settled in a place known as Sravana Belagola. 

 I have been to this place and seen whatever has to be seen.  


In ancient India it was standard practice as per Sanatana Dharma for a aged king to crown a son of his choice as king in front of his subjects.  After that he would NOT do back seat driving. He was go on Sanyas to a forest or to Kashi meditating or even teaching  . This does NOT means he converted to Jainism. 




They lied when they wrote that Chandra Gupta Maurya died of voluntary starvation according to Jain tradition.  How come we Indians never knew all this till the white invader came to India.  Chanakya meanwhile stayed as the Prime Minister of Bindusara.

The white invader wrote that toward the end of his more than twenty years of rule, Chandragupta Maurya surrounded himself with dancing girls and courtesans and he did daily JIGI JIGI— such a debauched Hindu king—all because he followed a BAAAAD religion by the name of Hinduism.

The white invader LIED when they wrote that Kautilya ( name of author of Arthashastra ) arose because Chanakya was born of “Kutila Gotra”—which according to these white LIARS was the same a Vatsayana Gotra.    

Mind you Vatsayana is of Kamasutra fame.   And mind it again ( Rajnikanth style ) that the disciple of Vatsayana put an end to human sacrifices of BAAAD BAAAD Hindusim around Kamakhe temple of tantric god Tara  in the Garo hills of the eastern Himalayan hills.    

See the white historian needed some opium in his bottom orifice to figure out all these things.    The run of the mill brandy and cigars just cannot do this trick.

To justify the Kalinga war and Ashoka’s existence , the immoral white invader LIED that Kalinga was a tiny kingdom right inside the mighty Maurya empire which his grandfather Chandra Gupta Maurya and his father Bindusara could not conquer.  


The Kalinga Kindom is to justify the FAKE King Kharavela of Kalinga who had kicked BAAAAAD Hindusim and adopted GOODIE GOOD  Jainism .  See Chandra Gupta Maurya wanted to be a Jain all along,  so he left Vatican type Jain kingdom Kalinga alone ( SIC ) .  

The white historian wrote over brandy and cigars that the Kalinga war led to an exodus of defeated Jains  to Southeast Asia where they set up “Indianized kingdoms” , but there is no evidence for such a migration of people.  Jainsim has NEVER gone beyond India .  Maybe in between they vaporized into thin air.

Even a dimwit today, will NOT accept this bull.

Rothschild got Fabian society member H.G. Wells to cement the existence of Ashoka  "Amidst the tens of thousands of names of monarchs that crowd the columns of history ... the name of Asoka shines, and shines almost alone, a star."  

Oh Yeah ?  

Was it in the skies ?

By the way the Fabian society was responsible for the passage of the Half-Caste Act, in Australia, where small children were systematically and forcibly removed from their parents, so that the Rothschild could "protect" the Aborigine children from their parents.  

Even Nehru was a Fabian thanks to Edwina of R family.  

R’s broker or middleman to The Fabian Society was Lord Arthur Balfour who was the kingpin for creating the state of Israel . 

THE MOMENT SOMETHING IS ETCHED ON ROCK SHEETS ( LIKE ASHOKA ROCK EDICTS ) ,WHICH CANNOT  BE  DATED SCEINTIFICALLY ,   PEOPLE TEND TO BELIEVE IT  —   SO GULLIBLE IS THE HUMAN MIND.    

Below : By substituting DHAMMA for DHARMA -- the text does NOT become Buddhist like magic -  OK ?



LATER I WILL GIVE YOU THE CONTENTS OF ALL ASHOKA'S ROCK AND PILLAR EDICTS , AND YOU GUTS ARE GONNA HAVE FUN  .

Below : By brainwashing that Piyadasi is Ashoka, this text does NOT become Buddhist , OK ?



MOSES HAD ALSO COME OUT WITH 10 COMMANDMENTS ON ROCK SHEETS  .   



ON METAL, THE PATINA ( OXIDE  VENEER )  CAN BE DATED ,  BUT NOT ON ROCK .

THE FOUNDER OF ROTHSCHILD'S MORMON RELIGION JOSEPH SMITH WAS SMART-- HE FOUND GOLD PLATE INSCRIPTIONS, WHO DO NOT LEAVE A PATINA - TEEE HEEEEEE !




The Jehoash Inscription is a fake artifact  to have surfaced in a  Muslim cemetery near the Temple Mount of Jerusalem.  The Israel Antiquities Authority declared that it is a forged item.

Some people think that dating the stone maps would be a simple procedure of modern science that would determine how old they are. Dating the stones themselves would in fact be quite simple using the Potassium-Argon method.  But the results would only indicate how long ago mother earth formed the rocks that the stone maps were made from.   

Millions or billions of years ago. The radiocarbon dating method cannot be used because the stone maps are not composed of organic Materials. The only way of doing this would be through scientific analasys of any organic materials deposited in the grooves of the inscriptions since the time they were cut. Since we are concerned with organic materials you might jump to the conclusion that the Radiocarbon method (described below) could be used for doing this.

It will not work on the stone maps because the Radiocarbon process is only accurate on items between the ages of MORE THAN  600 years (10% of the half life of carbon 14) and LESS THAN 6,000 years old due to standard statistical deviation in the rate of decay and halflife of carbon 14—  and that too ONLY repeat ONLY if there is NO contamination ( which is IMPOSSIBLE ). Carbon–14 is an unstable isotope of normal carbon, carbon–12. 

Cosmic radiation entering the earth’s atmosphere produces carbon–14, and plants take in carbon–14 as they absorb carbon dioxide. This unstable isotope starts to break down into nitrogen–14. It takes 5,730 years for half the carbon–14 to change to nitrogen; this is the half–life of carbon–14. After another 5,730 years only one–quarter of the original carbon–14 will remain. After yet another 5,730 years only one–eighth will be left. 

By measuring the proportion of carbon–14 in organic material, scientists can determine a fossil’s date of death.

One of the most widely used is the Potassium-argon_dating (K/A) technique. Potassium–40 is a radioactive isotope of potassium that breaks down into argon–40, a gas. The half–life of potassium–40 is far longer than that of carbon–14—1.3 billion years.   With this method, the older the specimen, the more reliable the dating. 

Furthermore, whereas carbon–14 dating can be done only on ORGANIC ( contains carbon) remains, K/A dating can be used only for INORGANIC ( does NOT contain Carbon )  substances: rocks and minerals.   

Potassium–40 in rocks gradually breaks down into argon–40.    That gas is trapped in the rock until the rock is heated intensely (as with volcanic activity), at which point it may escape.    When the rock cools, the breakdown of potassium into argon resumes.    Dating is done by reheating the rock and measuring the escaping gas.

Dr. R. Shamashastry, the translator of the English version of Kautilya's Artha-Sastra, quotes a prediction from the Vishnu Purana  fourth canto, twenty-fourth chapter,  regarding the appearance of Chanakya Pandit.  This prediction, incidentally, was scribed fifty centuries ago, nearly 2700 years before this political heavyweight and man of destiny was to appear. 

The prediction informs us: "(First) Mahapadma then his sons - only nine in number - will be the lords of the earth for a hundred years. A brahmana named Kautilya will slay these Nandas.  On their death, the Mauryas will enjoy the earth.  Kautilya himself will install Chandragupta on the throne.  His son will be Bindusara and his son will be Ashokavardhana."  Similar prophecies are also repeated in the Bhagavata, Vayu and Matsya Puranas "   

This is absolute NONSENSE.

Hey, what about BEEF BIRIYANI PURANA ?





Rudrapatnam Shamasastry (1868–1944)  was a Sanskrit scholar and librarian at the Oriental Research Institute Mysore.  He is touted to have discovered ( sic ) Arthashasta in 1905, and published an English translation of the Arthashastra in 1915 AD.  ..   

It is apparent that the poison injected manuscript in Granthi script was handed over to him, to expose Chanakya to the world in a new light.   

The contents of Arthashastra were being using by the white man and several books on political science and even western secret agencies has lifted out of this Arthashasta.

Sir Sheshadri Iyer at Palghat Tamilian , the then Dewan of Mysore Province, has absorbed Rudrapatnam Shamasastry into the Government Oriental Library in Mysore as its librarian.  Iyer’s father Ananthakrishna Iyer practices as an advocate from my hometown Calicut, handling British matters .

Shama shastry was proficient in Vedas and several languages including  English, German and French .
The Oriental Research Institute was set up in 1891 by the white invader  as the Mysore Oriental Library.   It housed thousands of ancient Sanskrit palm-leaf manuscripts.   Shamasastry like I said , was the  librarian.

Until this discovery, the Arthashastra was known only through references to it in works by Dandin, Bana, Vishnusarma, Mallinathasuri, Megasthenes, etc.  It altered the perception of ancient India and changed the course of history studies,  notably the false belief of European scholars at the time that Indians learnt the art of administration from the Greeks.

Shamasastry was awarded a doctorate in 1919 from the Oriental University in Washington D.C.  Several titles were also conferred on him, including Arthashastra Visharada by the Maharaja of Mysore.

The king of Mysore Krishna Raja Wodiyar IV, had gone to Germany.  After all Rothschild had taken him out of jail and crowned him king to Germany after murdering Tipu Sultan while he was having breakfast.

Punch into Google search-
TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL

When introduced as the king of Mysore, he was asked by the vice-chancellor of a German university whether he was from the Mysore of Shamasastry fame.  On his return, the king honoured Shamasastry and said "In Mysore we are the Maharaja and you are our subject, but in Germany, you are the master and people recognise us by your name and fame."


As Director of Archaeology of Mysore State, he “discovered”  many inscriptions on stone and copper plates.   His house 'Asutosh', in the Chamundipuram locality of Mysore, was named after Sir Asutosh Mookerjee, a British stooge .

Although Buddhist literature created by the white invader and their stooges  screaming about the preserved the legend of this ruler -- the story of a cruel and ruthless Hindu king who converted to Buddhism and thereafter established a reign of goodie good virtue -- definitive historical records of his reign were totally lacking.   

Then in the nineteenth century  suddenly the white invader unearthed  a large number of edicts, in India, Nepal, Pakistan and Afghanistan –all widely apart. To an intelligent man is this possible?  We can understand many edicts in one spot getting unearthed day after day. But so many from spots unearthed from spots thousands of miles away, all having the same signature handwriting ?

These edicts, inscribed on rocks and pillars, proclaim Asoka's ( sic ) reforms and policies and promulgate his advice to his subjects.  This rendering of King Asoka's Edicts is based heavily on Amulyachandra Sen's English translation, which includes the original Magadhi and a Sanskrit and English translation of the text.   

He just inserted DHAMMA for DHARMA and ASHOKA for PIYADASI in all his loaded and doctored translations, which is nonsense .   

The whole thing has been worked backwards. This is what my white master wants , so let me write this way.  
Nobody could make head or tail out of these rambling inscriptions. Every translation differed. 

The 13 ( out of 14 ))  very long rock edict which tells about the Kalinga war is clearly a FAKE. 

The first rock edict ( out of 14 ) talking about Hindus doing animal sacrifices is also clearly a FAKE.  

The Kalinga Minor Rock edict No 3 (out of  3 ) is clearly a FAKE.   Both the minor pillar rock edicts are clearly FAKES.

In 1837, James Prinsep doctored his own translation and “ deciphered “ ( sic )  an ancient inscription on a large stone pillar in Delhi.    Prinsep's inscription proved to be a series of edicts issued by a king calling himself "Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi."

In the following decades, more and more edicts by this same king were mysteriously unearthed.  The white invader  put two and two together and made it five and declared that King Piyadasi is none other that King Ashoka predicted in all the Hindus puranas ( SIC ).

It was only in 1915, when another RIDICULOUSLY SUSPICIOUS LOOKING  edict actually mentioning the name Asoka was discovered, and hey presto— Piyadasi is now Ashoka.

Eureka SAME GUY WE WERE TALKING ABOUT TILL NOW—ASHOKA DIED IN THE 38TH YEAR OF HIS REIGN , SO PIYADASI WHO ALSO DIED IN THE 38TH YEAR IS DEFINITELY ASHOKA—THE R CONTROLLED HISTORIANS SCREAMED .

Even the Peking man who skull was sawed , ground and stuck with glue , to conform to the missing link theory of Charles Darwin , is a lesser historical fraud.

NOBODY HAD THE GUTS TO ASK , WHY IS THE EMPEROR NIT WEARING CLOTHES?

THE PILLARS AND THE CAPITALS ALL HAD A MIRROR LIKE POLISH DESPITE BEING RAVAGED BY THE WEATHER  ELEMENTS FOR 2300 YEARS .

Lot of Hindus were made to realize by people like BR Ambedkar that Buddhism is the best religion . See if so many BAAAD Hindu Kings like Bimbisara and  Ashoka converted and because GOOODIE GOOD , why cant you ?  

Never mind that none of the Ashoka edicts say anything about the philosophical aspects of Buddhism.


The Fourteen Rock Edicts

( Note : I am making an exception-- It is NOT the style of Capt Ajit Vadakayil to give objective proof to non-believers .  My message to such skeptics is to LAY OFF my blog site )

RE I

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, has caused this Dhamma edict to be written. [1] Here (in my domain) no living beings are to be slaughtered or offered in sacrifice. Nor should festivals be held, for Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, sees much to object to in such festivals, although there are some festivals that Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, does approve of.

Formerly, in the kitchen of Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, hundreds of thousands of animals were killed every day to make curry. But now with the writing of this Dhamma edict only three creatures, two peacocks and a deer are killed, and the deer not always. And in time, not even these three creatures will be killed.

RE II

Everywhere [2] within Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi’s domain, and among the people beyond the borders, the Colas, the Pandyas, the Satiyaputras, the Keralaputras, as far as Tamraparni and where the Greek king Antiochos rules, and among the kings who are neighbours of Antiochos, [3] everywhere has Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, made provision for two types of medical treatment: medical treatment for humans and medical treatment for animals. Wherever medical herbs suitable for humans or animals are not available, I have had them imported and grown. Wherever roots or fruits are not available I have had them brought and grown. Along roads I have had wells dug and trees planted for the benefit of humans and animals. [4]

RE III

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: [5] Twelve years after my coronation this has been ordered—Everywhere in my domain the Yuktas, the Rajjukas and the Pradesikas shall go on inspection tours every five years for the purpose of Dhamma instruction and also to conduct other business. [6]

Respect for mother and father is good, generosity to friends, acquaintances, relatives, Brahmans and ascetics is good; not killing living beings is good; moderation in spending and moderation in saving is good.

The Council shall notify the Yuktas about the observance of these instructions in these very words.

RE IV

In the past, for many hundreds of years, killing or harming living beings and improper behaviour towards relatives, and improper behaviour towards Brahmans and ascetics has increased. [7] But now due to Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi’s Dhamma practice, the sound of the drum has been replaced by the sound of the Dhamma. [8] The sighting of heavenly cars, auspicious elephants, bodies of fire and other divine sightings has not happened for many hundreds of years. But now because Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi promotes restraint in the killing and harming of living beings, proper behaviour towards relatives, Brahmans and ascetics, and respect for mother, father and elders, such sightings have increased. [9]

These and many other kinds of Dhamma practice have been encouraged by Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, and he will continue to promote Dhamma practice. And the sons, grandsons and great-grandsons of Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, too will continue to promote Dhamma practice until the end of time; living by Dhamma and virtue, they will instruct in Dhamma. Truly, this is the highest work, to instruct in Dhamma. But practicing the Dhamma cannot be done by one who is devoid of virtue and therefore its promotion and growth is commendable.

This edict has been written so that it may please my successors to devote themselves to promoting these things and not allow them to decline. Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, has had this written twelve years after his coronation.

RE V

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: [10] To do good is difficult. One who does good first does something hard to do. I have done many good deeds, and, if my sons, grandsons and their descendants up to the end of the world act in like manner, they too will do much good. But whoever amongst them neglects this, they will do evil. Truly, it is easy to do evil. [11]

In the past there were no Dhamma Mahamatras but such officers were appointed by me thirteen years after my coronation. Now they work among all religions for the establishment of Dhamma, for the promotion of Dhamma, and for the welfare and happiness of all who are devoted to Dhamma. They work among the Greeks, the Kambojas, the Gandharas, the Rashtrika-pairyanikas and other peoples on the western borders. [12] They work among soldiers, chiefs, Brahmans, householders, the poor, the aged and those devoted to Dhamma—for their welfare and happiness—so that they may be free from harassment. They (Dhamma Mahamatras) work for the proper treatment of prisoners, towards their unfettering, and if the Mahamatras think, “This one has a family to support,” “That one has been bewitched,” “This one is old,” then they work for the release of such prisoners. They work here, in outlying towns, in the women’s quarters belonging to my brothers and sisters, and among my other relatives. They are occupied everywhere. These Dhamma Mahamatras are occupied in my domain among people devoted to Dhamma to determine who is devoted to Dhamma, who is established in Dhamma, and who is generous.

This Dhamma edict has been written on stone so that it might endure long and that my descendants might act in conformity with it.

RE VI

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: [13] In the past, state business was not transacted nor were reports delivered to the king at all hours. But now I have given this order, that at any time, whether I am eating, in the women’s quarters, the bed chamber, the chariot, the palanquin, in the park or wherever, reporters are to be posted with instructions to report to me the affairs of the people so that I might attend to these affairs wherever I am. And whatever I orally order in connection with donations or proclamations, or when urgent business presses itself on the Mahamatras, if disagreement or debate arises in the Council, then it must be reported to me immediately. This is what I have ordered. I am never content with exerting myself or with despatching business. Truly, I consider the welfare of all to be my duty, and the root of this is exertion and the prompt despatch of business. There is no better work than promoting the welfare of all the people and whatever efforts I am making is to repay the debt I owe to all beings to assure their happiness in this life, and attain heaven in the next.

Therefore this Dhamma edict has been written to last long and that my sons, grandsons and great-grandsons might act in conformity with it for the welfare of the world. However, this is difficult to do without great exertion.

RE VII

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, desires that all religions should reside everywhere, for all of them desire self-control and purity of heart. [14] But people have various desires and various passions, and they may practice all of what they should or only a part of it. But one who receives great gifts yet is lacking in self-control, purity of heart, gratitude and firm devotion, such a person is mean.

RE III

In the past kings used to go out on pleasure tours during which there was hunting and other entertainment. [15] But ten years after Beloved-of-the-Gods had been coronated, he went on a tour to Sambodhi and thus instituted Dhamma tours. [16] During these tours, the following things took place: visits and gifts to Brahmans and ascetics, visits and gifts of gold to the aged, visits to people in the countryside, instructing them in Dhamma, and discussing Dhamma with them as is suitable. It is this that delights Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, and is, as it were, another type of revenue.

RE IX

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: [17] In times of sickness, for the marriage of sons and daughters, at the birth of children, before embarking on a journey, on these and other occasions, people perform various ceremonies. Women in particular perform many vulgar and worthless ceremonies. These types of ceremonies can be performed by all means, but they bear little fruit. What does bear great fruit, however, is the ceremony of the Dhamma. This involves proper behaviour towards servants and employees, respect for teachers, restraint towards living beings, and generosity towards ascetics and Brahmans. These and other things constitute the ceremony of the Dhamma. Therefore a father, a son, a brother, a master, a friend, a companion, and even a neighbour should say: “This is good, this is the ceremony that should be performed until its purpose is fulfilled, this I shall do.” [18] Other ceremonies are of doubtful fruit, for they may achieve their purpose, or they may not, and even if they do, it is only in this world. But the ceremony of the Dhamma is timeless. Even if it does not achieve its purpose in this world, it produces great merit in the next, whereas if it does achieve its purpose in this world, one gets great merit both here and there through the ceremony of the Dhamma.

RE X

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, does not consider glory and fame to be of great account unless they are achieved through having my subjects respect Dhamma and practice Dhamma, both now and in the future. [19] For this alone does Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, desire glory and fame. And whatever efforts Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, is making, all of that is only for the welfare of the people in the next world, and that they will have little evil. And being without merit is evil. This is difficult for either a humble person or a great person to do except with great effort, and by giving up other interests. In fact, it may be even more difficult for a great person to do.

RE XI

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: [20] There is no gift like the gift of the Dhamma, [21] (no acquaintance like) acquaintance with Dhamma, (no distribution like) distribution of Dhamma, and (no kinship like) kinship through Dhamma. And it consists of this: proper behaviour towards servants and employees, respect for mother and father, generosity to friends, companions, relations, Brahmans and ascetics, and not killing living beings. Therefore a father, a son, a brother, a master, a friend, a companion or a neighbour should say: “This is good, this should be done.” One benefits in this world and gains great merit in the next by giving the gift of the Dhamma.

RE XII

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, honours both ascetics and the householders of all religions, and he honours them with gifts and honours of various kinds. [22] But Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, does not value gifts and honours as much as he values this—that there should be growth in the essentials of all religions. [23] Growth in essentials can be done in different ways, but all of them have as their root restraint in speech, that is, not praising one’s own religion, or condemning the religion of others without good cause. And if there is cause for criticism, it should be done in a mild way. But it is better to honour other religions for this reason. By so doing, one’s own religion benefits, and so do other religions, while doing otherwise harms one’s own religion and the religions of others. Whoever praises his own religion, due to excessive devotion, and condemns others with the thought “Let me glorify my own religion,” only harms his own religion. Therefore contact (between religions) is good. [24] One should listen to and respect the doctrines professed by others. Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, desires that all should be well-learned in the good doctrines of other religions.

Those who are content with their own religion should be told this: Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, does not value gifts and honours as much as he values that there should be growth in the essentials of all religions. And to this end many are working—Dhamma Mahamatras, Mahamatras in charge of the women’s quarters, officers in charge of outlying areas, and other such officers. And the fruit of this is that one’s own religion grows and the Dhamma is illuminated also.

RE XIII

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, conquered the Kalingas eight years after his coronation. [25] One hundred and fifty thousand were deported, one hundred thousand were killed and many more died (from other causes). After the Kalingas had been conquered, Beloved-of-the-Gods came to feel a strong inclination towards the Dhamma, a love for the Dhamma and for instruction in Dhamma. Now Beloved-of-the-Gods feels deep remorse for having conquered the Kalingas.

Indeed, Beloved-of-the-Gods is deeply pained by the killing, dying and deportation that take place when an unconquered country is conquered. But Beloved-of-the-Gods is pained even more by this—that Brahmans, ascetics, and householders of different religions who live in those countries, and who are respectful to superiors, to mother and father, to elders, and who behave properly and have strong loyalty towards friends, acquaintances, companions, relatives, servants and employees—that they are injured, killed or separated from their loved ones. Even those who are not affected (by all this) suffer when they see friends, acquaintances, companions and relatives affected. These misfortunes befall all (as a result of war), and this pains Beloved-of-the-Gods.

There is no country, except among the Greeks, where these two groups, Brahmans and ascetics, are not found, and there is no country where people are not devoted to one or another religion. [26] Therefore the killing, death or deportation of a hundredth, or even a thousandth part of those who died during the conquest of Kalinga now pains Beloved-of-the-Gods. Now Beloved-of-the-Gods thinks that even those who do wrong should be forgiven where forgiveness is possible.

Even the forest people, who live in Beloved-of-the-Gods’ domain, are entreated and reasoned with to act properly. They are told that despite his remorse Beloved-of-the-Gods has the power to punish them if necessary, so that they should be ashamed of their wrong and not be killed. Truly, Beloved-of-the-Gods desires non-injury, restraint and impartiality to all beings, even where wrong has been done.

Now it is conquest by Dhamma that Beloved-of-the-Gods considers to be the best conquest. [27] And it (conquest by Dhamma) has been won here, on the borders, even six hundred yojanas away, where the Greek king Antiochos rules, beyond there where the four kings named Ptolemy, Antigonos, Magas and Alexander rule, likewise in the south among the Colas, the Pandyas, and as far as Tamraparni. [28] Here in the King’s domain among the Greeks, the Kambojas, the Nabhakas, the Nabhapanktis, the Bhoja-paitryanikas, the Andhras and the Paulindas, everywhere people are following Beloved-of-the-Gods’ instructions in Dhamma. Even where Beloved-of-the-Gods’ envoys have not been, these people too, having heard of the practice of Dhamma and the ordinances and instructions in Dhamma given by Beloved-of-the-Gods, are following it and will continue to do so. This conquest has been won everywhere, and it gives great joy—the joy which only conquest by Dhamma can give. But even this joy is of little consequence. Beloved-of-the-Gods considers the great fruit to be experienced in the next world to be more important.

I have had this Dhamma edict written so that my sons and great-grandsons may not consider making new conquests, or that if military conquests are made, that they be done with forbearance and light punishment, or better still, that they consider making conquest by Dhamma only, for that bears fruit in this world and the next. May all their intense devotion be given to this which has a result in this world and the next.

RE XIV

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, has had these Dhamma edicts written in brief, in medium length, and in extended form. [29] Not all of them occur everywhere, for my domain is vast, but much has been written, and I will have still more written. And also there are some subjects here that have been spoken of again and again because of their sweetness, and so that the people may act in accordance with them. If some things written are incomplete, this is because of the locality, or in consideration of the object, or due to the fault of the scribe.

The Kalinga Rock Edicts

SRE I/RE XVI

Beloved-of-the-Gods says that the Mahamatras of Tosali who are judicial officers in the city are to be told this: [30] I wish to see that everything I consider to be proper is carried out in the right way. And I consider instructing you to be the best way of accomplishing this. I have placed you over many thousands of people that you may win the people’s affection.

All men are my children. What I desire for my own children, and I desire their welfare and happiness both in this world and the next, that I desire for all men. You do not understand to what extent I desire this, and if some of you do understand, you do not understand the full extent of my desire.

You must attend to this matter. While being completely law-abiding, some people are imprisoned, treated harshly and even killed without cause so that many people suffer. Therefore your aim should be to act with impartiality. It is because of these things—envy, anger, cruelty, hate, indifference, laziness or tiredness—that such a thing does not happen. Therefore your aim should be: “May these things not be in me.” And the root of this is non-anger and patience. Those who are bored with the administration of justice will not be promoted; (those who are not) will move upwards and be promoted. Whoever among you understands this should say to his colleagues: “See that you do your duty properly. Such and such are Beloved-of-the-Gods’ instructions.” Great fruit will result from doing your duty, while failing in it will result in gaining neither heaven nor the king’s pleasure. Failure in duty on your part will not please me. But done properly, it will win you heaven and you will be discharging your debts to me.

This edict is to be listened to on Tishya constellation day, between Tishya days, and on other suitable occasions, it should be listened to even by a single person. Acting thus, you will be doing your duty.

This edict has been written for the following purpose: that the judicial officers of the city may strive to do their duty and that the people under them might not suffer unjust imprisonment or harsh treatment. To achieve this, I will send out Mahamatras every five years who are not harsh or cruel, but who are merciful and who can ascertain if the judicial officers have understood my purpose and are acting according to my instructions. Similarly, from Ujjayini, the prince will send similar persons with the same purpose without allowing three years to elapse. Likewise from Takhashila also. When these Mahamatras go on tours of inspection each year, then without neglecting their normal duties, they will ascertain if judicial officers are acting according to the king’s instructions.

SRE II/RE XV

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: [31] This royal order is to be addressed to the Mahamatras at Samapa. I wish to see that everything I consider to be proper is carried out in the right way. And I consider instructing you to be the best way of accomplishing this. All men are my children. What I desire for my own children, and I desire their welfare and happiness both in this world and the next, that I desire for all men. [32]

The people of the unconquered territories beyond the borders might think: “What are the king’s intentions towards us?” My only intention is that they live without fear of me, that they may trust me and that I may give them happiness, not sorrow. Furthermore, they should understand that the king will forgive those who can be forgiven, and that he wishes to encourage them to practice Dhamma so that they may attain happiness in this world and the next. I am telling you this so that I may discharge the debts I owe, and that in instructing you, that you may know that my vow and my promise will not be broken. Therefore acting in this way, you should perform your duties and assure them (the people beyond the borders) that: “The king is like a father. He feels towards us as he feels towards himself. We are to him like his own children.”

By instructing you and informing you of my vow and my promise I shall be applying myself in complete fullness to achieving this object. You are able indeed to inspire them with confidence and to secure their welfare and happiness in this world and the next, and by acting thus, you will attain heaven as well as discharge the debts you owe to me. And so that the Mahamatras can devote themselves at all times to inspiring the border areas with confidence and encouraging them to practice Dhamma, this edict has been written here.

This edict is to be listened to every four months on Tishya constellation day, between Tisya days, and on other suitable occasions, it should be listened to even by a single person. Acting thus, you will be doing your duty.

Minor Rock Edicts

MRE I

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: [33] It is now more than two and a half years since I became a lay-disciple, but until now I have not been very zealous. [34] But now that I have visited the Sangha for more than a year, I have become very zealous. Now the people in India who have not associated with the gods do so. This is the result of zeal and it is not just the great who can do this. Even the humble, if they are zealous, can attain heaven. And this proclamation has been made with this aim. Let both humble and great be zealous, let even those on the borders know and let zeal last long. Then this zeal will increase, it will greatly increase, it will increase up to one-and-a-half times. This message has been proclaimed two hundred and fifty-six times by the king while on tour.

MRE II

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: [35] Father and mother should be respected and so should elders, kindness to living beings should be made strong and the truth should be spoken. In these ways, the Dhamma should be promoted. Likewise, a teacher should be honoured by his pupil and proper manners should be shown towards relations. This is an ancient rule that conduces to long life. Thus should one act. Written by the scribe Chapala.

MRE III

Piyadasi, King of Magadha, saluting the Sangha and wishing them good health and happiness, speaks thus: [36] You know, reverend sirs, how great my faith in the Buddha, the Dhamma and Sangha is. Whatever, reverend sirs, has been spoken by Lord Buddha, all that is well-spoken. [37] I consider it proper, reverend sirs, to advise on how the good Dhamma should last long.

These Dhamma texts—Extracts from the Discipline, the Noble Way of Life, the Fears to Come, the Poem on the Silent Sage, the Discourse on the Pure Life, Upatisa’s Questions, and the Advice to Rahula which was spoken by the Buddha concerning false speech—these Dhamma texts, reverend sirs, I desire that all the monks and nuns may constantly listen to and remember. [38] Likewise the laymen and laywomen. I have had this written that you may know my intentions.

The Seven Pillar Edicts

PE I

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: [39] This Dhamma edict was written twenty-six years after my coronation. Happiness in this world and the next is difficult to obtain without much love for the Dhamma, much self-examination, much respect, much fear (of evil), and much enthusiasm. But through my instruction this regard for Dhamma and love of Dhamma has grown day by day, and will continue to grow. And my officers of high, low and middle rank are practicing and conforming to Dhamma, and are capable of inspiring others to do the same. Mahamatras in border areas are doing the same. And these are my instructions: to protect with Dhamma, to regulate with Dhamma, to make happiness through Dhamma and to guard with Dhamma.

PE II

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: Dhamma is good, but what constitutes Dhamma? (It includes) little evil, much good, kindness, generosity, truthfulness and purity. I have given the gift of sight in various ways. [40] To two-footed and four-footed beings, to birds and aquatic animals, I have given various things including the gift of life. And many other good deeds have been done by me.

This Dhamma edict has been written that people might follow it and it might endure for a long time. And the one who follows it properly will do something good.

PE III

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: People see only their good deeds saying, “I have done this good deed.” But they do not see their evil deeds saying, “I have done this evil deed” or “This is called evil.” But this (tendency) is difficult to see. [41] One should think like this: “It is these things that lead to evil, to violence, to cruelty, anger, pride and jealousy. Let me not ruin myself with these things.” And further, one should think: “This leads to happiness in this world and the next.”

PE IV

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: This Dhamma edict was written twenty-six years after my coronation. My Rajjukas are working among the people, among many hundreds of thousands of people. The hearing of petitions and the administration of justice has been left to them so that they can do their duties confidently and fearlessly and so that they can work for the welfare, happiness and benefit of the people in the country. But they should remember what causes happiness and sorrow, and being themselves devoted to Dhamma, they should encourage the people in the country (to do the same), that they may attain happiness in this world and the next. These Rajjukas are eager to serve me. They also obey other officers who know my desires, who instruct the Rajjukas so that they can please me. Just as a person feels confident having entrusted his child to an expert nurse thinking: “The nurse will keep my child well,” even so, the Rajjukas have been appointed by me for the welfare and happiness of the people in the country.

The hearing of petitions and the administration of justice have been left to the Rajjukas so that they can do their duties unperturbed, fearlessly and confidently. It is my desire that there should be uniformity in law and uniformity in sentencing. I even go this far, to grant a three-day stay for those in prison who have been tried and sentenced to death. During this time their relatives can make appeals to have the prisoners’ lives spared. If there is none to appeal on their behalf, the prisoners can give gifts in order to make merit for the next world, or observe fasts. Indeed, it is my wish that in this way, even if a prisoner’s time is limited, he can prepare for the next world, and that people’s Dhamma practice, self-control and generosity may grow.

PE V

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: Twenty-six years after my coronation various animals were declared to be protected—parrots, mynas, ruddy geese, swans, comb ducks, mountain ducks, bats, queen ants, terrapins, boneless fish, hoodless snakes, Gangetic dolphins, skates, tortoises, porcupines, squirrels, deer, freed bulls, household pets, wild asses, wild pigeons, domestic pigeons and all four-footed creatures that are neither useful nor edible. [42] Those nanny goats, ewes and sows which are with young or giving milk to their young are protected, and so are young ones less than six months old. Cocks are not to be caponized, husks hiding living beings are not to be burnt and forests are not to be burnt either without reason or to kill creatures. One animal is not to be fed to another. On the three fourth-month [full moon festival] days, the three days of the Tishya constellation and during the Uposatha on the [dark and full moon on the] fourteenth or fifteenth [day of the fortnight], fish are protected and not to be sold. During these days animals are not to be killed in the elephant reserves or the fish reserves either. On the eighth of every fortnight [of the moon-cycle], on the fourteenth and fifteenth [day of the fortnight], on the day of the Tishya constellation, Punarvasu lunar mansion, the three fourth-month days and other auspicious days, bulls are not to be castrated, billy goats, rams, boars and other animals that are usually castrated are not to be. On Tishya constellation days, Punarvasu lunar mansion day, the fourth-month full- and dark -moon day, horses and bullocks are not be branded.

In the twenty-six years since my coronation prisoners have been given amnesty on twenty-five occasions.

PE VI

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: Twelve years after my coronation I started to have Dhamma edicts written for the welfare and happiness of the people, and so that not transgressing them they might grow in the Dhamma. Thinking: “How can the welfare and happiness of the people be secured?” I give attention to my relatives, to those dwelling near and those dwelling far, so I can lead them to happiness and then I act accordingly. I do the same for all groups. I have honoured all religions with various honours. But I consider it best to meet with people personally.

This Dhamma edict was written twenty-six years after my coronation.

PE VII

Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: In the past kings desired that the people might grow through the promotion of the Dhamma. But despite this, people did not grow through the promotion of the Dhamma. Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, said concerning this: “It occurs to me that in the past kings desired that the people might grow through the promotion of the Dhamma. But despite this, people did not grow through the promotion of the Dhamma. Now how can the people be encouraged to follow it? How can the people be encouraged to grow through the promotion of the Dhamma? How can I elevate them by promoting the Dhamma?” Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, further said concerning this: “It occurs to me that I shall have proclamations on Dhamma announced and instruction on Dhamma given. When people hear these, they will follow them, elevate themselves and grow considerably through the promotion of the Dhamma.” It is for this purpose that proclamations on Dhamma have been announced and various instructions on Dhamma have been given and that officers who work among many promote and explain them in detail. The Rajjukas who work among hundreds of thousands of people have likewise been ordered: “In this way and that encourage those who are devoted to Dhamma.” Beloved-of-the-Gods speaks thus: “Having this object in view, I have set up Dhamma pillars, appointed Dhamma Mahamatras, and announced Dhamma proclamations.”

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, says: Along roads I have had banyan trees planted so that they can give shade to animals and men, and I have had mango groves planted. At intervals of eight krosas, I have had wells dug, rest-houses built, and in various places, I have had watering-places made for the use of animals and men. But these are but minor achievements. Such things to make the people happy have been done by former kings. I have done these things for this purpose, that the people might practice the Dhamma.

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: My Dhamma Mahamatras too are occupied with various good works among the ascetics and householders of all religions. I have ordered that they should be occupied with the affairs of the Sangha. I have also ordered that they should be occupied with the affairs of the Brahmans and the Ajivikas. I have ordered that they be occupied with the Niganthas. [43] In fact, I have ordered that different Mahamatras be occupied with the particular affairs of all different religions. And my Dhamma Mahamatras likewise are occupied with these and other religions.

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: These and other principal officers are occupied with the distribution of gifts, mine as well as those of the queens. In my women’s quarters, they organize various charitable activities here and in the provinces. I have also ordered my sons and the sons of other queens to distribute gifts so that noble deeds of Dhamma and the practice of Dhamma may be promoted. And noble deeds of Dhamma and the practice of Dhamma consist of having kindness, generosity, truthfulness, purity, gentleness and goodness increase among the people.

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: Whatever good deeds have been done by me, those the people accept and those they follow. Therefore they have progressed and will continue to progress by being respectful to mother and father, respectful to elders, by courtesy to the aged and proper behavior towards Brahmans and ascetics, towards the poor and distressed, and even towards servants and employees.

Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, speaks thus: This progress among the people through Dhamma has been done by two means, by Dhamma regulations and by persuasion. Of these, Dhamma regulation is of little effect, while persuasion has much more effect. The Dhamma regulations I have given are that various animals must be protected. And I have given many other Dhamma regulations also. But it is by persuasion that progress among the people through Dhamma has had a greater effect in respect of harmlessness to living beings and non-killing of living beings.

Concerning this, Beloved-of-the-Gods says: Wherever there are stone pillars or stone slabs, there this Dhamma edict is to be engraved so that it may long endure. It has been engraved so that it may endure as long as my sons and great-grandsons live and as long as the sun and the moon shine, and so that people may practice it as instructed. For by practicing it happiness will be attained in this world and the next.

This Dhamma edict has been written by me twenty-seven years after my coronation.

The Minor Pillar Edicts

1

Twenty years after his coronation, Beloved-of-the-Gods, King Piyadasi, visited this place and worshipped because here the Buddha, the sage of the Sakyans, was born. [44] He had a stone figure and a pillar set up and because the Lord was born here, the village of Lumbini was exempted from tax and required to pay only one eighth of the produce.

2

Beloved-of-the-Gods commands: [45] The Mahamatras at Kosambi (are to be told: Whoever splits the Sangha) which is now united, is not to be admitted into the Sangha. Whoever, whether monk or nun, splits the Sangha is to be made to wear white clothes and to reside somewhere other than in a monastery. [46]


James Princep was a British East India Employee of Rothschild engaged in the Opium business.


So, so-- there was this coup de grace in 1915, when our man James DISCOVERED an edict mentioning the name Asoka. The historians of Rothschild went around beating from the roof tops. And of course BR Ambedkar agreed with them.

Some crooked translator of an ancient hoary script has been told to write DHAMMA instead of DHARMA ( the corner stone of Hindusim ) and Hinduism becomes Buddhism ?

Sorry, we do NOT have long ears !

Punch into Google search-
DHARMA IN HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

The Buddhist scriptures of India and Sri Lanka do not talk about officials called Dharma Mahamatras in his kingdom, as professed by the rock edicts.

Emperor Ashoka ( was created out of ‘Devanampriya Priyadarshi’).   The wheel in the abacus of the pillar which he erected as a memorial at Saranath ,  now adorns the national flag of free India. 



The emblem of India is an adaptation of the Lion Capital of Ashoka at Sarnath.  Emperor Ashoka the Great, guided by his first wife, Buddhist Queen Devi ( SIC ) ,  erected the capital to mark the spot where Gautama Buddha first taught the Dharma -- nay- Dhammmmma  , and where the Buddhist Sangha was founded. Oh boy !


There are NO Greek  records  about Chandra Gupta Maurya’s grandson Emperor Ashoka (whose kingdom was larger than Chandragupta's). We Indians never knew about Ashoka , though we had to lump his chakra and his emblem.

James Prinsep deciphered Brahmi script script and was able to read the inscriptions of Piyadasi.



Why did he NOT leave a translator’s guide?  Why was this a big secret ?

George Turnour found in the Sri Lankan chronicles that Piyadasi was used as an alternate name for Asoka, grandson of Chandragupta Maurya  . This man just went to Sri lanka and created some FAKE documents.
This man George Turnour, was a British civil servant. And a R historian.  

 He was member of the Ceylon Civil Service.   He is known for his translation of the Mahavamsa, the Great Chronicle of bullsh#t  Sri Lankan history which was published in 1837.   

Along with James Prinsep  he began to decipher the inscriptions on the first discovered Pillar of Ashoka, the way it suited the white invader . An inscription with Piyadasi  as a name for Asoka was not found until  the Turnour's era.. 

We Indians do NOT need Sri Lanka to know our own history.


Henry Thomas Colebrooke has written that  pointed out that the Greek writers did not say anything about the Buddhist Bhikkhus (although it was touted as a predominant religion of the time)

A major reason for painting Chanakya as a evil man without scruples and character is to show the world that the Greek satraps who were ruling various kingdoms ( after Alexander’s death ) were defeated by Chandra Gupta Maurya ONLY by deceit and guile— NOT honorable warfare .

The truth is Chankaya advocated moderation in material pleasures and strict adherence to the path of righteousness.  He himself set an example of shunning hedonism, and lived an exemplary life , refusing all adornments or riches even after establishing the first mighty Indian empire.  

His constant exhortation to give up sensory pleasures, and cultivate qualities like kindness, patience etc may sound hypocritical coming from a man who overthrew governments.   But there was NO hypocrisy here .  

Today in the internet age, Indian know his timeless wisdom, his farsightedness, keenness of perception, and infallibility.

There cooked up a FAKE story that HINDU Ashoka had all his 99 brothers killed for the sake of the kingdom -- worse than the Islamic invaders. 

And Ashoka ruled a mighty empire.  How come we Indian never heard of him, till the white man came to India? And why do we have to learn of Indian history from Buddhist historical plays from Sri Lanka?

After the FAKE battle of Kalinga Asoka kicked away the BAAAD BAAAD hinduism and embraced PEACEFUL buddhism.  See Kancha Ilaiah will be so happy.

Buddha's message of nonviolence, AHIMSA , kindness and love of mankind appealed to the unhappy Hindu king Ashoka.

A disciple of Buddha, Upagupta initiated him into Buddhism.  From that day Ashoka's heart became the home of compassion, right living, love and nonviolence.  He gave up hunting and eating meat.  He put an end to the killing of animals for the royal kitchen.  Realizing that it was not enough if he lived a righteous life, he proclaimed that all his subjects also should live a life of righteousness.

The first thing our TURNED OVER A NEW LEAF Buddhist man Ashoka did was to spread righteousness among his people was to undertake a pilgrimage.  It took place two years after the Kalinga war.  

His pilgrimage started with his visit to Sambodhi, the holy place where Gauthama, the Buddha breathed his last—never mind that Buddha existed in 1900 BC—1700 years before he was born..

For thirty-seven years Ashoka ruled over a vast realm as an able emperor, a skilled lawgiver, a hero who knew no defeat, a monk among the kings, a noble preacher of DhammMma and as a friend of his subjects. 

Oh BOY !

Emperor Ashoka followed the teachings of Buddhism so devotedly that he himself became a Buddhist monk.

H.G.Wells, an English historian, has said, "In the history of the world there have been thousands of kings and emperors who called themselves 'Their Highnesses', 'Their majesties' and 'Their Exalted Majesties' and so on. They shone for a brief movement and disappeared.  But Ashoka shines and shines brightly like a bright star even today."   

But hey, --

how come we Indians , who are the best ancient record keepers on this planet,  never heard of him ?  

Pray ? 

Prithee ?


The white invader connived with Sri Lankan Buddhist historians to cement the existence of Emperor Ashoka -- “Ashoka sent a mission led by his son and daughter to Sri Lanka, whose king Tissa was so charmed with Buddhist ideals that he adopted it himself and made it the state religion. “ BLAH BLAH.   So the Sri Lankans know more about Indian kings than Indians themselves ?

The FAKE historians try to convince us that Ashoka really existed.  “ Dasaratha Maurya was the Emperor of the Mauryan dynasty from 232 BCE to 224 BCE.  According to the Matsya Purana, he succeeded his grandfather Ashoka the Great.  He succeeded Ashoka after his uncle Kunala became blind, which made him unfit to rule  ”    . 

What a sick joke—Matsya Purana was written thousands of years before the date they refer to.


The lying white historian writes “ The reign of Ashoka was followed for 50 years by a succession of weaker kings. Brhadrata, the last ruler of the Mauryan dynasty, ruled territories that had shrunk considerably from the time of emperor Ashoka, but he was still upholding the Buddhist faith.  He was assassinated in 185 BCE during a military parade by the commander-in-chief of his guard, the BAAAAD Hindu Brahmin general Pusyamitra Sunga, who then took over the empire”    

BAAD BAAAAAD Hindusim. GOODIE GOOD Buddhism!.


The white historian LIES that Emperor Ashoka sent his son Mahendra to Sri Lanka to preach Buddhism there.    India kaafi nahi hai kya ?  Sri Lanka ka peeche kyun pada hai, bhaiyya ?


Most popular accounts of Chanakya end with coronation of Chandragupta Maurya’s coronation, Visakshadutta’s Mudrarakshasa is about events after the coronation .   

However  in the book The Lives of the Jain Elders by the Jain monk Hemacandra, the narration talks not just about the death of Chanakya, but also about the birth of Bindusara and associated palace intrigues.

Jain work Parisishtaparvan talk of Chandragupta's alliance with the Himalayan king Parvatka (Porus),

The medieval Jain work Parishista-parvan, by Hemachandra  contains a lot of stories related to Chanakya.



Let me quote Wikipedia ----

QUOTE  
Acharya Hemachandra, following the earlier Gopala, presented an earlier version of the Fibonacci sequence. It was presented around 1150 AD, about fifty years before Fibonacci (1202).    He was considering the number of cadences of length n, and showed that these could be formed by adding a short syllable to a cadence of length n − 1, or a long syllable to one of n − 2.    This recursion relation F(n) = F(n − 1) + F(n − 2) is what defines the Fibonacci sequence.  
UNQUOTE

Sorry, Italian Fibonacci did NOT steal from a Jain monk in 1150 AD —who did NOT know mathematics.. See the immoral white invader has tried to make this monk an authentic soul .

Fibonacci series was lifted from the work of the great Indian mathematician Pingala in 5th century BC, under the series Matra Meru.

Fibonacci was in Bejaya Algeria , when he came to know about Indian Vedic Mathematics, from the Arabs, who bought tis knowledge with gold from Kerala .  He took this knowledge to Italy.

Punch into Google search-
PERFECT SIX PACK  VADAKAYIL

In Parishista-parvan,  Hemachandra writes that Chanakya was a Dramila (Dramila is the original word for South Indians -Dravida).

First of all the name is PRIYADARSHI and NOT PIYADASI ( brahmi script ).   

Children born on Kanya rashi are named Priyadarshi.  It means in Sanskrit/ Malayalam—man who is liked by all.

In those days after Hindu Prabhakaran has been converted to Christianity his name does NOT become Pirbhakaran.

Both Buddhists and Jains must read the posts below :-

Punch into Google search-
DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BUDDHA AND MAHAVIRA STATUE VADAKAYIL

and

JAINISM IS SECOND OLDEST RELIGION  VADAKAYIL

The identification of Devanam piyadasi with Ashoka was confirmed by an FAKE inscription discovered in 1915 by C. Beadon, a British gold-mining engineer, at Maski, a village in Raichur district of Karnataka.

Another FAKE  rock edict is found at the village Gujarra in Datia district of Madhya Pradesh. This also shows the name "Ashoka" in addition to usual "Devanam piyadasi".

The inscriptions found in the eastern part of India were written in Magadhi Prakrit using the Brahmi script. These edicts were deciphered by British archaeologist and historian James Prinsep.

These retro-installed FAKE  inscriptions revolve around a few recurring themes:  Ashoka's conversion to Buddhism, the description of his efforts to spread Buddhism, his moral and religious precepts, and his social and animal welfare program.

Ashoka apologizes ( public apology ) for the massacre in Kalinga and assures the people that he now only has their welfare in mind, since he has embraced DHAMMMA .

The white invader has very shrewdly mentioned in these Ashoka’s rock edicts  five neighboring Greek and Egyptian kings – Antiochos, Ptolemy (second), Antigonos, Magas, Alexander (second).   

After rambling ridiculous sh#t all over King  Piyadasi gets incisive and crystal clear, with a sense of Geography and external world history . .

So, so ,  so  Since these kings are dated to 250-300 BC, this has been the date arrived for Ashoka (Mauryan).   As per the FAKE Sri Lankan  Buddhist scriptures,  Ashoka (Mauryan) was crowned two hundred and eighteen years after the demise of the Buddha.

Here is a picture of GOODIE GOOD Buddhist convert king Bimbisara offering his kingdom to Buddha.  

Below : Sorry Buddha existed 14 centuries before Bimbisara.




This makes his son Ajata shatru who is still following BAAD BAAAAAD Hindusim kills his own father.



The white historian and the R controlled media has written all over the place that Chandragupta Maurya's embrace of GOODIE GOOD Jainism increased social and religious renewal and reform across his society—

- while Ashoka's embrace of GOODIE GOOD Buddhism laid the foundation of the reign of social and political peace and non-violence across all of India. 

Surely Hindusim is a BAAAAAD religion, right?

What with, killing innocent animals and conducting human sacrifices , and the queens fornicating using the phallus of dead horses as a dildo , eating horse meat , while shouting SWAAAAHA ?

Right?

WRONG !

R does NOT control world history any more !

It is the Internet age , remember ?

Punch into Google search-

HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM  VADAKAYIL

LIKE MANU , CHANKAYA HAS BEEN CONVERTED TO A BIGOT AND AN EVIL PERSON,  BY THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE AND FOR SOUL HARVESTING , ASSISTED BY INDIAN STOOGES LIKE BR AMBEDKAR.

I AM WONDERING IF I SHOULD LIST OUT EVIL UTTERENCES ATTRIBUTED TO CHANAKYA.


Let me give just one quote -

क्षमया दयया प्रेम्णा सूनृतेनार्जवेन च।
वशीकुर्याज्जगत्सर्वं विनयेन च सेवया ॥

Kshamayaa dayayaa premnaa soonritenaarjavena cha
Vasheekuryaajjagatsarvam vinayena cha sevayaa

One can bring the whole world under one’s influence (power) by such sterling qualities as patience (or forgiveness), kindness, love, truth, straightforwardness, humility and service.

Can this man be a wicked man who lacks character and integrity?

All right, I must list out the poison injected into his quotes . Even the Pakistani General who come on prime time ( Timesnow TV ) are ridiculing Indians for having heroes like Chanakya who lack character--and how stupid Hindus play dholak  .

The whole idea to prove to the world that Chandra Gupta Maurya drove away the Greek Satraps by deceit and dishonorable methods and NOT by a fair fight .

So let me list out  few POISON INJECTED QUOTES attributed to Chanakya, to make him look like a Black mamba.


The white historians has declared (including Pakistanis) that Hindu Brahmin Chanakya’s quotes are the ultimate when it comes to mindless violence, assassinations , eliminating domestic competition, using covert double agents, sacrificing these agents when the job is done, using honey pots, using children as assassins, violating treaties for selfish ends BLAH BLAH –  ALL LIES .

Ready?


Here we go !

When a senseless man has sexual intercourse with beasts, he shall be fined twelve panas; when he commits the same act with idols of goddesses, he shall be fined twice as much. . . . WHITE LIES

A Shudra or an outcaste who commits adultery with a woman of low caste shall be put to death, while the woman shall have her ears and nose cut off-  WHITE LIES

A man who commits adultery with a woman of low caste shall be banished, with prescribed marks branded on his forehead, or shall be degraded to the same caste -WHITE LIES.

A Kshatriya who commits adultery with an unguarded Brahman woman shall be punished with the highest amercement; a Vaisya doing the same shall be deprived of the whole of his property; and a Shudra shall be burnt alive wound round in mats- WHITE LIES

Any person who insults the king, betrays the king's council, makes evil attempts against the king, or disregards the sanctity of the kitchens of Brahmans shall have his tongue cut off.- WHITE LIES.

Any woman who murders her husband, preceptor, or offspring, sets fire to another's property, poisons a man, or cuts off any of the bodily joints of another shall be torn apart by bulls, no matter whether or not she is big with child, or has not passed a month after giving birth to a child. . WHITE LIES . .

 If a man and a woman make signs to each other with a view to sensual enjoyment, or carry on secret conversation for the same purpose, the woman shall pay a fine of twenty-four panas and the man double that amount. . . .For holding conversation in suspicious places, whips may be substituted for fines. In the center of the village, an outcaste person may whip such women five times on each of the sides of their body.  WHITE LIES

Kautilya holds that wealth, and wealth alone, is important, in as much as charity and desire depend upon wealth for their realization  -- WHITE LIES

A woman does not become holy by offering by charity, by observing hundreds of fasts, or by sipping sacred water, as by sipping the water used to wash her husbands feet – WHITE LIES

When a man has no strength left in him he becomes a sadhu, one without wealth acts like a brahmacari, a sick man behaves like a devotee of the Lord, and when a woman grows old she becomes devoted to her husband.  – WHITE LIES

A true meal is that which consists of the remnants left after a brahmana's meal.- WHITE LIES

Even the man who has taught the spiritual significance of just one letter ought to be worshiped. He who does not give reverence to such a guru is born as a dog a hundred times, and at last takes birth as a chandala (dog-eater). – WHITE LIES

He who has acquired neither virtue, wealth, satisfaction of desires nor salvation (dharma, artha, kama, moksa), lives an utterly useless life, like the "nipples" hanging from the neck of a goat.  – TEE HEEEE !

By offending a kinsman, life is lost; by offending others, wealth is lost; by offending the king, everything is lost; and by offending a brahmana one's whole family is ruined- WHITE LIES

Of those who have studied the Vedas for material rewards, and those who accept foodstuffs offered by shudras, what potency have they? They are just like serpents without fangs.- WHITE LIES

After having rubbed oil on the body, after encountering the smoke from a funeral pyre, after sexual intercourse, and after being shaved, one remains a chandala until he bathes.- WHITE LIES

The following qualities of the denizens of hell may characterise men on earth; extreme wrath, harsh speech, enmity with one's relations, the company with the base, and service to men of low extraction.-WHITE LIES

The following four characteristics of the denizens of heaven may be seen in the residents of this earth planet;  charity,  sweet words,  worship of the Supreme Personality of Godhead, and satisfying the needs of brahmanas.- WHITE LIES

Accumulated wealth is saved by spending just as incoming fresh water is saved by letting out stagnant water.-  R ECONOMICS

Do not be very upright in your dealings for you would see by going to the forest that straight trees are cut down while crooked ones are left standing.- WHITE LIES

He who has wealth has friends. He who is wealthy has relatives. The rich one alone is called a man, and the affluent alone are respected as pandits- WHITE LIES

Among men the barber is cunning; among birds the crow; among beasts the jackal; and among women, the malin (flower girl). WHITE LIES

Religion is preserved by wealth; knowledge by diligent practice; a king by conciliatory words; and a home by a dutiful housewife- R MORMON RELIGION MAYBE

Agni is the worshipable person for the twice-born; the brahmana for the other castes; the husband for the wife; and the guest who comes for food at the midday meal for all- WHITE LIES

Residing in a small village devoid of proper living facilities, serving a person born of a low family, unwholesome food, a frowning wife, a foolish son, and a widowed daughter burn the body without fire- WHITE LIES

He who has not acquired one of the following: religious merit (dharma), wealth (artha), satisfaction of desires (kama), or liberation (moksa) is repeatedly born to die- WHITE LIES

He who runs away from a fearful calamity, a foreign invasion, a terrible famine, and the companionship of wicked men is safe.-  PORUS SHOULD NOT HAVE FOUGHT ALEXANDER

Give up a member to save a family, a family to save a village, a village to save a country, and the country to save yourself.- R BANKSTERS PHILOSOPY

Brahmanas quit their patrons after receiving alms from them, scholars leave their teachers after receiving education from them, and animals desert a forest that has been burnt down- WHITE LIES

The prostitute has to forsake a man who has no money, the subject a king that cannot defend him, the birds a tree that bears no fruit, and the guests a house after they have finished their meals.- WHITE LIES

A brahmana's strength is in his learning, a king's strength is in his army, a vaishya's strength is in his wealth and a shudra's strength is in his attitude of service- WHITE LIES

Untruthfulness, rashness, guile, stupidity, avarice, uncleanliness and cruelty are a women's seven natural flaws- WHITE LIES

Women have hunger two-fold, shyness four-fold, daring six-fold, and lust eight-fold as compared to men.- WHITE LIES

Do not put your trust in rivers, men who carry weapons, beasts with claws or horns, women, and members of a royal family- WHITE LIES 

"Shame upon those who have no devotion to the lotus feet of Sri Krsna, the son of mother Yasoda; who have no attachment for the describing the glories of Srimati Radharani;  whose ears are not eager to listen to the stories of the Lord's lila." Such is the exclamation of the mrdanga sound of dhik-tam dhik-tam dhigatam at kirtana- BULL

(Lord Visnu asked His spouse Lakshmi why She did not care to live in the house of a brahmana, when She replied) " O Lord a rishi named Agastya drank up My father (the ocean) in anger; Brighu Muni kicked You; brahmanas pride themselves on their learning having sought the favour of My competitor Sarasvati; and lastly they pluck each day the lotus which is My abode, and therewith worship Lord Shiva. Therefore, O Lord, I fear to dwell with a brahmana and that properly.  BULL

"Androcottus ( Chandra Gupta ) , when he was a stripling, saw Alexander himself, and we are told that he often said in later times that Alexander narrowly missed making himself master of the country, since its king was hated and despised on account of his baseness and low birth." Plutarch 62-3.   BULL

Chanakya is often referred as the most crooked of diplomats (Kautilya in Sanskrit means “one who is very cunning”). BULL

Alexander's campaign down the Indus to the sea, starting in the fall of 326, cut like a scythe through India's proud, independent tribes, the Malli and the Oxydracae (Sanskrit Malavas and Ksudrakas). Despite outnumbering the invaders many times over, these fierce warriors suffered horrific losses; hundreds of thousands were killed or enslaved. The Malli seemed for a time to have finished Alexander off, hitting him square in the chest with one of their fearsome arrows, but the king miraculously recovered. In the end the two peoples surrendered their ancient liberty to Alexander, lavishing him with gifts and offering their leaders-those few who had survived-as hostages.   BULL

 Chandragupta was known to laugh when he thought of Alexander and how great an opportunity he had missed. Had the Macedonians kept going to the Ganges, Chandragupta scoffed, they would have found the conquest of the Nanda kingdom an easy matter. He knew whereof he spoke, having by then accomplished that deed himself.  BULL


LISTING ALL LIES DOWN IS BEYOND THE SCOPE OF THIS POST !

Want some examples of what he really wrote —packed with wisdom and  character ?

Are these the quotes from Chanakya Niti , those of a narrow minded bigot — a thick skinned and evil son of a bi#ch ?



दृष्टिपूतं न्येसेत्पादं वस्त्रपूतं जलं पिबेत्।
सत्यपूतम् वदेद्वाचं मनःपूतं समाचरेत् ॥

Drishtipootam nyaset paadam vastrapootam jalam pibet
Satyapootaam vadet vaaacham manahpootam samaacharet

Step on a place after seeing that it is clean, drink water after filtering it through a piece of cloth, utter your words purified by truth, do such deeds which, your conscience says, are good.


शान्तितुल्यं तपो नास्ति न संतोषात् परं सुखं ।
न तृष्णाया  परो व्याधिर्न च धर्मो दया समः ॥

Shaantitulyam tapo naasti na santoshaat param sukham
Na trishnaayaah paro vyaadhirna cha dharmo dayaa samah

No penance is equal to peace of mind (tranquility); no happiness is equal to contentment; no illness is equal to greed and no dharma is equal to kindness.



नास्ति विद्यासमं चक्षुर्नास्ति सत्यसमं तपः।
नास्ति रागसमं दु:खं नास्ति त्यागसमं सुखं॥

Nasti vidyaasamam chakshurnaasti satyasamam tapah
Naasti raagasamam dukham naasti tyaagasamam sukham

There is no eye(vision) equal to learning;  there is no tapas (penance) equal to truth;  there is no sorrow equal to desire or attachment; there is no happiness equal  sacrifice.



स जीवति गुणा यस्य धर्मो यस्य स जीवति ।
गुणधर्मविहीनस्य जीवनं निष्प्रयोजनम्     ॥

Sa jeevati gunaa yasya dharmo yasya sa jeevati
Gunadharmaviheenasya jeevanam nishprayojanam

He lives who has good qualities.  He also lives who has dharma. The life of one who has neither good qualities nor dharma is without any purpose.



परोपकरणं येषां जागर्ति हृदये सतां।
नश्यन्ति विपदस्तेषां सम्पद: स्युः पदे पदे ॥
Paropakaranam yeshaam jaagarti hridaye sataam
Nashyanti vipadasteshaam sampadah syuh pade pade

For those noble souls in whose heart arise the thoughts of helping others there is no adversity and sorrow;  prosperity and happiness embrace them at every step.



न पश्यति च जन्मान्धः कामान्धो नैव पश्यति ।
न पश्यति मदोन्मतो ह्यर्थि दोषात् न पश्यति ॥

na pashyati cha janmaandhaH kaamaandhau naiva pashyati
na pashyati madomato hyaarthi doShaam na pashyati

A blind person can not see, nor can a person blinded by lust; person blinded by wealth can not see, nor does an arrogant see his faults.



शरीरस्य गुणानां च दूरमत्यन्तमन्तरम्      ।
शरीरं क्षणविध्वंसि कल्पान्तस्थायिनो गुणाः ॥

Shareerasya gunaanaam cha dooramatyantamantaram
Shareeram kshanavidhwamsi kalpaantasthaayino gunaah

There is considerable distance betwwen the body and good qualities.  The body can die any minute but the good qualities stay for many many ages (Persons are remembered for their good qualities even after death,  not for their bodily features).



धनानि जीवितश्चैव परार्थे प्राज्ञ उत्सृजेत्
सन्निमित्ते वरं त्यागो विनाशे नियते सति

Dhanaani jeevitashchaiva paraarthe praajna utsrijet
Sannimitte varam tyaago vinaashe niyate sati

Wise men should given up wealth and even life for the sake of others. Wealth and life are sure to be lost by their very nature. Therefore sacrificing these  for a good cause is better than losing them  wihout benefit to anyone.



मातृवत्परदारेषु परद्रव्येषु लोष्टवत्।
आत्मवत्सर्वभूतेषु यः पश्यति स पण्डितः॥

Matrivatparadaareshu paradraqvyeshu loshtavat
Aatmavatsarvabhooteshu yah pashyati sa panditah

One who looks upon other men’s wives as mother, other people’s wealth as a lump of clay and all living beings as the Self is the real Pandita (wise and learned person



शान्तितुल्यं तपो नास्ति न सन्तोषात्परं सुखम् ।
न तृष्णायाः परो व्यधिर्न च धर्मो दयापरः ॥

shaantitulya.n tapo naasti na santoShatpara.n sukham
na tRRiShNaayaaH paro vyaadhirna cha dharmo dayaaparaH

There is no penance better than peace, no happiness better than satisfaction, there is no desease worse than greed, and no better dharma than kindness.



त्यज दुर्जनसंसर्गं भज साधुसमागमं।
कुरुपुण्यमहोरात्रं स्मर नित्यमनित्यताम् ॥

Tyaja durjanasamsargam bhaja saadhusamaagamam
Kurupunyamahoraatram smara nityamanityataam

Abandon the company of evil men, associate with good and noble men, do good meritorious deeds day and night and always think of the evanescence of the world.



सन्तोषस्त्रिषु कर्तव्यः स्वदारे भोजने धने।
त्रिषु चैव न कर्तव्योऽध्ययने जपदानयोः॥

Santoshastrishu kartavyah swadaare bhojane dhane
Trishu chaiva na kartavyo’dhyayane japadaanayoh

Three things one should be content with – one’s own wife, food and wealth.   Three things one should not be content with – learning, japa (repetition of the names of the Lord) and charity (daana)



गुणैरुत्तमतां  याति नोच्चैरासनमास्थितः।
प्रासादशिखरस्थोऽपि काक: किं गरुडायते ?॥

Gunairuttamataam yaati nochchairaasanamaasthitah
Praasaadashikharastho’pi kaakah kim garudaayate

One attains a high status only by his good qualities not by sitting on a high seat.  Will the crow ever become the kite even though it is sitting on a high mansion?



प्रविचार्योत्तरं देयं सहसा न वदेत् क्वचित्।
शत्रोरपि गुणा ग्राह्याः दोषास्त्याज्या गुरोरपि॥

Pravichaaryottaram deyam sahasaa na vadet kwachit
Shatrorapi gunaah graahyaah Doshaastyaajyaa gurorapi

Before one gives an answer one should carefully think about it; one should not talk something on impulse.  One should accept good qualities even from an enemy. One should reject bad qualities even of the guru.



प्रथमे नार्जिता विद्या द्वितीये नार्जितं धनं।
तृतीये नार्जितं पुण्यं चतुर्थे किं करिष्यति॥

Prathame naarjitaa vidyaa dwiteeye naarjitam dhanam
Triteeye naarjitam punyam  chaturthe kim karishyati

IF-- During the first (twenty years of life) no learning was earned.  In the second (twenty years of life) no wealth was earned. In  the third (twenty years of life) no merit (punyam) was earned. tHEN-- What will one earn in the fourth( twenty years of life)?




सुभिक्षं कृषके नित्यं नित्यं सुखमरोगिनः।
भार्या भर्तु: प्रिया यस्य तस्य नित्योत्सवं गृहं ॥

Subhiksham krishake nityam nityam sukhamaroginah
Bhaaryaa bhartuh priyaa yasya tasya nityotsavam griham

There is always plenty for the tiller of the soil.  There is always happiness for the healthy (free from disease) one.  It is daily celebration in the home of one who has a loving wife.



आदौ माता गुरोः पत्नी ब्राह्मणी राजपत्निका ।
धेनुर्धात्री तथा पृथ्वी सप्तैताः मातरः स्मृताः॥

Aadau maataa guroh patnee braahmanee raajapatnikaa
Dhenurdhaatree tathaa prithwee saptaitaah maatarah smritaah

The following seven are considered mothers – One who has given birth,  wife of the guru,  a brahmana’s wife,  wife of the king, the cow, dhatree (one who brings up, other than the mother) and prithwee ( the nature / environment ).



लालयेत् पंच वर्षाणि दश वर्षाणि ताडयेत् ।
प्राप्ते तु षोडशे वर्षे पुत्रं मित्रवदाचरेत् ॥

Laalayet pancha varshaani dasha varshaani taadayet
Praapte tu shodashe varshe putram mitravadaacharet

For five years one’s son should be pampered, the next ten years he should be beaten (meaning he must be disciplined) and once he turns sixteen he should be treated as a  friend.




साधूनां दर्शनं पुण्यं तीर्थभूता हि साधवः।
तीर्थं फलति कालेन सद्यः साधुसमागमः||

Saadhoonaam darshanam punyam teerthabootaah hi saadhavah
Teertham phalati kaalena sadyah saadhusamaagamah

The sight of saintly persons is punyam.  Such saintly persons are like sacred rivers or lakes (teerthabhootaah) which absolve one’s sins.  The holy waters (Teerthas) give results in their own time. The meeting with saintly persons gives instant results.



दुर्जनः परिहर्तव्यो  विद्ययाऽलंकृतोऽपि सन् ।
मणिना भूषितस्सर्पः किमसौ न भयंकर: ॥।

Durjanah parihartavyo vidyayaa’lamkrito’pi san
Maninaa bhooshitah sarpah kimasu na bhayamkarah

An evil person, though adorned with learning, is to be avoided.  Is not the snake adorned with a jewel in its hood not frightening?


विद्वत्वं च नृपत्वं च नैव तुल्यं कदाचन ।
स्वदेशे पूज्यते राजा विद्वान् सर्वत्र पूज्यते ॥

Vidwatwam cha nripatwam cha  naiva tulyam kadaachana
Swadeshe poojyate raajaa vidwaan sarvatra poojyate

Scholarship and kingship can never be equated.  A king is respected in his own kingdom whereas a scholar is respected everywhere.

Chanakya  developed Neeti-Sutras (aphorisms ) that tell people how they should behave.  Of these well-known 455 sutras, about 216 refer to raja-neeti (the do's and don't's of running a kingdom).     Chanakya used these sutras to mentor  Chandragupta and other selected disciples in the art of ruling a kingdom.

By the way, Plato who studied in Kerala, India had a pupil by the name of Euclid ( 325-265 BC) who wrote a  treatise in 13 books called “ The Elements of Geometry “ which is today known as Euclidean geometry. Every single thing in this book is lifted from Vedic Mathematics.

His book had five axioms :-
----Any two points can be joined by a straight line.
-----Any finite straight line can be extended in a straight line.
-----A circle can be drawn with any center and any radius.
-----All right angles are equal to each other.
-----If two straight lines in a plane are crossed by another straight line (called the transversal), and the interior angles between the two lines and the transversal lying on one side of the transversal add up to less than two right angles, then on that side of the transversal, the two lines extended will intersect (also called the parallel postulate).

And what about Archimedes?

This Greek ( 287 – 212 BC ) had made discoveries and inventions to his name—everything lifted from India.  He calls himself a Mathematician without any knowledge of Algebra.  His unbaked co-ordinate Geomerty and Calculus is all lifted , without basic understanding.  

Even his EUREKA EUREKA discovery of overflowing water to determine the volume of a soild of non-uniform shape is lifted from India.

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL .

Read what I have written about Aryabhatta ( Aryan Bhattathiripad ) of 2700 BC, a supreme Mathematicians born 2500 years earlier than these Greek Mathematicians. 

He was the father of plane / spherical Trigonometry and Algebra, when Europe was in the dark ages.. 

He was kicked forward in time by 3200 years , so that the white man can patent his Math.

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India. 


The disciple of Plato, Aristotle ( teacher of Alexander )  did NOT come to India , but all his funda were all lifted from India.

Historians who equate Chanakya to Machiavelli must know that he did NOT work for himself.    Hence he is a true Karma yogi.   

He aspired for uniting India against foreign rule whose sole aim would be to steal and made slaves of Indians,  establishing an ideal Utopian state aiming at the well being and benefit of the common and the rich alike,  placing an ideal king on the throne with a noble mind and high vision.. 

Chanakya could achieve all of these in a short period of 24 years.  He eschewed all riches and glory. 

On the other hand Italian politician Niccolò di Bernardo dei Machiavelli who lived 1800 years later was as SLIMY SON OF A BIT#H. Machiavelli, wrote Il Principe (The Prince), among other works. 

The word has a similar use in modern psychology where it describes one of the dark triad personalities, characterized by a duplicitous interpersonal style associated with cynical beliefs and pragmatic (selfish )  morality.  

Machiavellian" as a word became very popular in the late 16th century in English, though "Machiavellianism" itself is first cited by the Oxford English Dictionary from 1626, as a father of politican science.  Machiavelli who endorsed evil and immoral conduct was the dirt under the finger nail of Chanakya..a scholar of Vedanta and a surgeon who gave life . 

Machiavelli contented that religion is man-made, and that the value of religion lies in its contribution to social order and the rules of morality must be dispensed if security required it.

If you wanna know how advanced ancient Indian surgey was- 

Punch into Google search-

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL

Chanakya did not live in the palaces.  He lived in a simple hut outside city limits. He led the life of a true Vedic Brahmin .   During the reign of Bimbisara he just took permanent leave and lived the last days of his like a Varanasi by the banks of the river Ganges in sanyas-- as is usual in Sanatana Dharma  .

You dont need to convert to Jainism to take sanyas.

The stupid western historian had started comparing Chanakya's Arthashastra with Sun Tzu's Art of War .
Abhe dhakhan,  Sun Tzu kidhar, Chanakya kidhar !

These dimwits must know that Sun Tzu’s book is about war, Chanakya’s book is about the wisdom of statecraft  .  State craft covers every single aspect of running an emperor , from economy, laws, security, foreign relations and even medicare etc.

When it comes to foreign relations, Chanakya was  a political realist, and his advice to the rulers is: Peace is to be preferred to war; however, when the situation demands, a war must be fought, and evil invaders must be overwhelmed and asked to surrender or be killed..

Chanakya too believes that a war has to be fought only after a thorough preparation-- by training and funding and supplying the military for long campaigns, building alliances and gathering intelligence by mobilizing the secret agents in advance.

Chanakya warns against protracted wars because of the huge economic and human costs involved.

For Chanakya preparation of the MIND AND SPIRIT of the king who leads the soldiers , was more important than the battle machine itself.   The king was always subject to sanatana dharma ( ethics )—read that as DHARMA and NOT DHAMMMMMA..

Chanakya, studied the vedas and hence had inherent wisdom .  Wisdom has NO expiry date and needs NO new editions. He was a guru of political science , surgery and astronomy at the Taxila university and later  the prime minister of emperor Chandragupta Maurya.. who scared the hell out of Alaxander the Great , without engaging him in battle.

Chanakya was the most eminent political thinker and economist in ancient times—and probably today and well into the future..

Time for me to give a few more pearls of Chanakya’s wisdom-

Save your wealth against future calamity. Do not say, "What what fear has a rich man of calamity?" When riches begin to forsake one even the accumulated stock dwindles away.

Test a servant while in the discharge of his duty, a relative in difficulty, a friend in adversity, and a wife in misfortune.

He who gives up what is imperishable for that which perishable, loses that which is imperishable; and doubtlessly loses that which is perishable also.

He whose son is obedient to him, whose wife's conduct is in accordance with his wishes, and who is content with his riches, has his heaven here on earth ( LIKE CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL ).

They alone are sons who are devoted to their father. He is a father who supports his sons. He is a friend in whom we can confide, and she only is a wife in whose company the husband feels contented and peaceful.

Do not put your trust in a bad companion nor even trust an ordinary friend, for if he should get angry with you, he may bring all your secrets to light.

Trees on a river bank, a woman in another man's house, and kings without counsellors go without doubt to swift destruction.

He who befriends a man whose conduct is vicious, whose vision impure, and who is notoriously crooked, is rapidly ruined.

In this world, whose family is there without blemish? Who is free from sickness and grief? Who is forever happy?

Give your daughter in marriage to a good family, engage your son in learning, see that your enemy comes to grief, and engage your friends in dharma

The beauty of a cuckoo is in its notes, that of a woman in her unalloyed devotion to her husband, that of an ugly person in his scholarship, and that of an ascetic in his forgiveness

As night looks delightful when the moon shines, so is a family gladdened by even one learned and virtuous son

Fondle a son until he is five years of age, and use the stick for another ten years, but when he has attained his sixteenth year treat him as a friend.

She is a true wife who is clean (suci), expert, chaste, pleasing to the husband, and truthful.

Indolent application ruins study; money is lost when entrusted to others; a farmer who sows his seed sparsely is ruined; and an army is lost for want of a commander.

There is no disease (so destructive) as lust; no enemy like infatuation; no fire like wrath; and no happiness like spiritual knowledge.

Rain which falls upon the sea is useless; so is food for one who is satiated; in vain is a gift for one who is wealthy; and a burning lamp during the daytime is useless.

It is better to be without a kingdom than to rule over a petty one; better to be without a friend than to befriend a rascal; better to be without a disciple than to have a stupid one; and better to be without a wife than to have a bad one.

A wise man should not reveal his loss of wealth, the vexation of his mind, the misconduct of his own wife, base words spoken by others, and disgrace that has befallen him.

The fragrance of flowers spreads only in the direction of the wind. But the goodness of a person spreads in all direction.


Before you start some work, always ask yourself three questions - Why am I doing it, What the results might be and Will I be successful. Only when you think deeply and find satisfactory answers to these questions, go ahead.

The secret task of a king is to strive for the welfare of his people incessantly. The administration of the kingdom is his religious duty. His greatest gift would  be to treat all as equals.

The power of a king lies in his mighty arms; that of a brahmana in his spiritual knowledge; and that of a woman in her beauty youth and sweet words.

Even if a snake is not poisonous, it should pretend to be venomous.


He is a true friend who does not forsake us in time of need, misfortune, famine, or war, in a king's court, or at the crematorium (smasana).


One who is in search of knowledge should give up the search of pleasure and the one who is in search of pleasure should give up the search of knowledge.

There is some self-interest behind every friendship.  There is no friendship without self-interests.  This is a bitter truth.

The four greatest curses for a man are - the father who has taken a loan, the characterless mother, the beautiful but promiscuous wife and the stupid child.


Once you start working on something, don't be afraid of failure and don't abandon it. People who work sincerely are the happiest.

Purity of speech, of the mind, of the senses, and of a compassionate heart are needed by one who desires to rise to the divine platform.

Books are as useful to a stupid person as a mirror is useful to a blind person.


Avoid him who talks sweetly before you but tries to ruin you behind your back, for he is like a pitcher of poison with milk on top.

 If you get to learn something even from the worst of creatures, don't hesistate.

We should not fret for what is past, nor should we be anxious about the future; men of discernment deal only with the present moment.

A man is great by deeds, not by birth.

#####################

The white invader lied when he wrote that when Alexander the great came to India , India had only tiny kingdoms, fighting with each other all the time.   

So our man , the Greeko was so kind that after capturing Taxila and Paurava kingdoms  , he just went back because his soldiers were tired .   See he is such a compassionate king.   

He is NOT only compassionate but also very a generous victor for he gave king  Porus his lost kingdom back , along with several other kingdoms which he has conquered. 

Sorry, the first Kingdom Alexander came across was Taxila kingdom ( east of ancient Gandhara kingdom )  , whose  king Ambhi he bribed with 25 tons of gold ( stolen from Persia ) to be an ally.   

The next kingdom was Paurava.  The king of Paurava kingdom Porus screwed the hell out of Alexander and his Greek army with just 85 elephants and some psychological warfare by the pupils of Chanakya, who acted as guides.  

The white invader created several back dated plays written by Jain and Buddhist scholars to write FAKE history .  Why Jain and Buddhist ?   Because Hindus would NOT write FAKE history.    

And were NOT aged and self loathing converted Hindus Chandra Gupta Maurya a Jain and Chankaya and Ashoka Buddhists before they kicked their respective buckets ( SIC )  ?   

These Jain and Buddhist stooges painted Alexander as a GREAT and magnanimous and compassionate.

Taxila was the northwestern frontier of the then existing Indian subcontinent and the security of all Indian kingdoms were dependent on the protection provided by Taxila .  But the greedy king of Taxila formed an alliance with Alexander and opens the gates of India for him.  

Of course the next kingdom Paurava ( of King Porus ) decimated the Greek army.

Several western writers have dipped into Chanakya’s Arthashastra and patented the ideas as their own.

Want an example :
Consider the book of the “father of power politics theory”  German Jew Hans Joachim Morgenthau “Politics Among Nations: The Struggle for Power and Peace” . 

He spAke “The balance of power can be carried on either by diminishing the weight of the heavier scale or by increasing the weight of the lighter one.”  His chapter has sections on: 1.) Divide and Rule 2.) Compensation 3.) Armaments and 4.) Alliances.  The four sections are a clear lift from Chankaya’s theory of bheda (divide and rule), dana (compensation), danda (armaments) and sama (alliances).  

Morgenthau’s political realism refuses to identify the moral aspirations of a particular nation with the moral laws that govern the universe—  that the political realist must show where the nation's interests differ from the moralistic and legalistic viewpoints--  which is clearly NOT what Chanakya advocated.   

Chanakya a Namboodiri who followed Hindu Dharma would only crush the serpent who came to kill him.  Or a foreign invader who came to steal and make his country a slave nation .

The word ‘Kautilya’ is being stereoptyped by western scholars and their Indian stooges . To do a Kautilya is made out to be -   treachery, cunningness, lying, divide and rule, kill without scruples etc.

Just a year ago , a Norwegian scholar  Ashild Kolas, in her article “ What up With Territorial Council” wrote “ Kautilyan tactics remain popular with India’s security establishment.”  

Sorry madame MIM, we have been at the receiving end from your white skinned race. They robbed us blind and converted India from the richest to the poorest nation in just 300 years. They stole our intellectual rights. They created and back back dated false heroes and gods for us to worship. They injected poison into our history and holy scriptures and made us self loathing.  

In 20 years India will be world’s No 1 superpower—and then it is payback time.

Meanwhile I suggest that you undo all the damage done to India’s honour. For example, none of the white skinned historians have a problem in writing today that Chandra Gupta Maurya drove away all the Greek Satraps installed by Alexander and re-took Indian territory beyond Afghanistan to Iran, Tajikistan and Kyrgyzstan, which has been part of India since antiquity.  

When Alexander the Great died in 323 BC, his generals divided up his empire into satrapies, so that each of them would have a territory to rule.

The white invader and his Buddhist stooges LIE when they say that Chandragupta’s grandson, Ashoka is related  by blood to Siddhartha Gautama, the Buddha.  First of all King Piyadasi ( Ashoka-SIC  )  of the rock edicts was born 1700 later than Buddha.   

 And Chandragupta’s father, a prince of Nanda empire father and his maid mother of Moriya clan were NOT of Gautama Gotra .   

See we Indians know our Y chromosome by our Gotra .   Ancient Indians were NOT savages.

Punch into Google search-

GOTRA SYSTEM , KHAP RULES , Y CHROMOSOME , DNA  VADAKAYIL

 The white historian LIED when he wrote “ After the Nanda king who pulled Chankya’s hair tuft was killed,  Kautilya personally went to see the body and,  just before tying up his hair, he ordered the body to remain uncremated, to discard it and turn it into carrion.  This was a truly barbaric end and contrary to Indian tradition for any deceased and the highest insult for a man’s immortal soul”. 

This is a foul lie .

No Namboodiri and that too a Vedic scholar will ever do such Adharma.  

It is the dharma of Sanatana Dharma to give your worst enemy a respectful burial. Such are the noble concepts of Hindusim.   In the Mahabharata war 4000 BC,  both the Pandava and Kaurava camps attended each other’s funerals after sunset and mourned for them.

The sentences in Arthashastra where Chanakya writes about Mossad  type covert assassinations, when to kill family members ( taking a cue Ashoka killed his 99 brothers –SIC  ) and such Machiavelli tactics are injected in place by the white invader. 

The white historians and his Indian stooges have unfairly portrayed the Nanda kindom as ruled by Shudra clan. Those days such varnas did NOT exist.

Punch into Google search-
THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

There were nine brothers of Nanda dynasty who simultaneously ruled Magadha during the times of Chanakya.  The most prominent among them was Mahapadma Nanda who is also called Ugrasena Nanda.   Dhana Nanda was the last ruler of Nanda Dynasty.  He had a mighty army of 200,000 infantry,  20,000 cavalry,  8000 war chariots and 6,000 war elephants.

The white historian and his Indian stooges have LIED when they wrote that Nanda kings were so greedy that they bled the citizens and hid big gold blocks in the bed of river Ganges.   A stooge tamil poet mentions regarding his treasure “accumulated in the floods of Ganges”.

Chanakya was friendly with King Porus and has done the psychological warfare logistics as soon as he found out that the King of Taxila , Ambhi had received a bribe of 25 tons of gold from Alexander.   He used his own students who were classmates of Chandragupta Maurya to infiltrate Alexanders army as local guides.  

The Greek army saw amazing scenes of yogis meditating with ant hills up to their waists with cobras sitting on their shoulder—yogis hanging upside down on trees by their bent knees , in deep meditation –the works .   It was apparent that these yogis were alive without consuming food and water.  

Alexander’s horses were unable to sleep due to the infrasound barks of Tibetan mastiffs carried with the wind.   And Alexanders own horse Bucephalus was such a nervous animal that it would freeze the moment an elephant trumpeted. 

The brothers of King porus (Parvataka),  Vairochaka and son Malayaketu assisted the students of Chanakya led by Bhadrabhatt and Purushdutt  in this pro-active psycho warfare .

The white invader created a back dated play full of LIES.  The back dated Sanskrit play Mudrarakshasa ("The Signet of the Minister")  by Vishakhadatta of 8th century AD that narrates the ascent of the king Chandragupta Maurya to power in India, AFTER Alexander the Great is dead and gone.

Here in this play King Porus ( Parvateshwar ) and Chandragupta Maurya plan to divide up the old possessions of  King Nanda.  

But oh blimey,  poor Porus kicked his bucket as Nanda’s daughter poisoned him .


The son of Porus  Malayaketu succeeds him.  Malayaketu, together with Rakshasa, the last minister of Nanda, demands the inheritance of all the old territories of the Nanda- blah blah fu#in’ BLAH.— all bull- 

-- this type of morbid imagination needs opium up the bottom orifice—brandy from top orifice cannot do the trick.

The white invader got a back dated Jain monk  Hemachandra ( The Lives of the Jain Elders)  to write about the times of Chanakya.   It was so bizarre  that RCC Fynes wrote in the intro that it is NOT history and there are NO other sources who with agree to this Jain perspective,  with an axe to grind.


Chanakya usurped the Nanda kingdom into the Maurya Kingdom stealthily, and NOT in one stroke.  The were revolutions in Nanda kingdom, when the army was drawn out to a particular border of the empire.   

Soon all the Nanda kings died along with their sons and relatives. The wise PM of Nanda empire Amatya Rakshasa was NO match for Chanakya’s  planning.  

When the Nanda kingdowm was totally absorbed into The Maurya kingdom ,  a few years after Alexander died  , the only survivor was the old  father of the Nanda clan Sarvartha- siddhi, who was a good man.  

He himself offered to go far away for sanyas without taking any personal effects with him or naming the place.  Chankaya allowed him to do so.   He spent his last days at Kashi ghats.  

The mighty Nanda dynasty founded by King Mahapadma Nanda who ruled from a young age to the age of 88 wisely , was no more.   Almost all the Nanda Hindu kings who ruled for shorter periods were wise rulers--  Pandhuka, Panghupati,  Bhutapala,  Rashtrapala,  Govishanaka, Dashasidkhaka,  Kaivarta ,  Mahendra etc.  

The Jains and the Buddhists wrote back dated plays and poems and sullied the reputations of these kings , just because they were Hindus.   The scenario today is all are SECULAR while the majority Hindus are COMMUNAL and RIGHT WING .   None of these Hindu kings had targeted Buddhists and Jains, who were in extreme minority .  

They cooked up storied how Chanakya was a psychopath misanthrope full of hate.    Here is one example :  Once Chanakya was walking along a path when he tripped na dfell due to Kusha grass. He tried to uproot this Kusha gRass from the ground and was unable as the roots were too deep.   So he made a sweet milk solution and poured it on the grass, so that forest ants would come and eat up the entire sweetened grass.  TEE  HEEEEE !

 There are other back dated Buddhist accounts where when a thorn went into his foot, he pulled it out, ground it into paste,  mixed it with water and drank it up . TEE HEEEEE again !

Wonder what he would have done if a small stick had impaled his bottom  orifice while squatting  for No 2 .   It needs a back dated Buddhist brain,  probably,   to figure this riddle out  !!.

Even today Buddhists and Jains are fighting it out as to which religion Hindu Emperor Bimbisara of Magadha kingdom , who lived before Buddha ( sic ) converted to .  BR Ambedkar said Buddhism.   And he gave proof too in connivance with the white invader.  Emperor Bimbisara allowed the women in his harem  ( Hindu kings has NO harem) visit Buddha in his monastery in the evenings- and these stupid women  wanted a hair from Buddha’s body everytime, which Buddha found painful and hence refused.  

But hey presto  ,

Oh blimey-- —

Bimbisara personally approached Buddha to acquiesce  , and Buddha did NOT deny the request of the king.  So the Jains must come out with a better  “dog ate my homework” type story faaaast.    

Hindu king Bimbisara converted to Buddhism would later even offer his kingdom to Buddha  ( there are so many paintings of this offering kingdom scene ) , which pissed off his son Ajata shatru . TEE HEEEEE !

The people of Nanda empire knew that Chandra Gupta Maurya was indeed of Nanda bloodline  ( although illegitimate  son with Mura the maid ) – or Chanakya would have never been able to create revolutions , when the mighty Nanda army was drawn away along with the kings .

Chana kya would later write down the mistakes the Nandas made in frittering away such a mighty empire and provide solutions .  He knew what he had done,  to easily wreck a mighty empire , so it was a piece of cake to provide solutions out of 20:20 hind sight..




Time to talk about Arthashasta.

The Arthashastra contains nearly 6000 sutras divided into 15 books, 150 chapters, and 180 sections.
The Arthashastra, ( 325 BC ) of Kautilya is divided into 15 voluminous books:

Concerning Discipline
The Duties of Government Superintendents
Concerning Law
The Removal of Thorns
The Conduct of Courtiers
The Source of Sovereign States
The End of the Six-Fold Policy
Concerning Vices and Calamities
The Work of an Invader
Relating to War
The Conduct of Corporations
Concerning a Powerful Enemy
Strategic Means to Capture a Fortress
Secret Means
The Plan of a Treatise

In a nutshell,  Book 1 is on ‘Fundamentals of Management’, Book 2 deals with ‘Economics’, Books 3, 4 and 5 on ‘Law’,  Books 6, 7 and 8 on Foreign Policies and Books 9 to 14 deals with ‘war’. Book 15 deals with the methodology and devices used in writing the Arthashastra.

Artha, literally means wealth.   

But in the  terms of Sanatana Dharma is NOT about wealth alone or materialistic accumulation.  .  Artha has to be seen from the perspective of a wisdom paradigm,  the absolute,  even the intangible ,  where it covers everything from money to knowledge to human spirit. Rather anything which is valuable to a human being –nay-- the science of  material happiness .  

Arthashastra outlined a fair but strong system of governance for the betterment of public and equated the success of the king with that of the public.

Money as beheld  by number crunching monkeys , is NOT everything .  It really takes an Indian DNA to understand this .  

Wealth grabbing and narrow minded Zionists will NEVER understand intangible hard to measure artha.

Arthashastra is a mindboggling treatise on mentoring of an inexperienced king instilling leadership spirit / royal dharma, participative governance,  art of governance , economics,  coinage, market regulation, how a state is to be run,  town building , public governance, state welfare , medicare , social engineering,  war strategies , international trade, commerce, taxation policy, treasury replenishment ,  wage structures, HR management,  change / time management, agriculture, banking , co-operative societies,  demand and supply , risk management, insurance, general and particular average, environment engineering,  law making, human rights,  entertainment for citizens, cultivable land distribution, effective /  fair judiciary,  court witness minimum qualifications, accountability of public officials, public transparency,  inner democracy , checks/ controls/feedback , balance of quality versus quantity,  weights /measures,  passports, tolls, customs, taxation, free trade zones, consumer is king rights,  natural resources management, mining, crop patterns, animal husbandry, water management, weather data collection and prediction, irrigation, sanitation, legal agreements,  partnership / joint ventures , building  smart towns , innovation centres,  fortifications, external espionage , internal spy network, and international relations.


Most of the administrative suggestions prescribed by Chanakya in Arthashasta ( more than 6100 hymns ) are still relevant and practicable in the modern administrative world--and have been lifted and adopted by the white man.




Chanakya wanted central control of the State on almost all activities of governance. While the individual merchants were free to continue, they had to comply with the authorities appointed by the state.   Kautilya had appointed superintendents for almost every activity included in governance.  

Arthashastra had given due importance to passports. Every citizen had to carry a passport and this was applicable to the foreigners as well. Non compliance with this law led to a fine or imprisonment.

Arthashastra says  “Artisans shall, in accordance with their agreement as to time, place, and form of work, fulfil their engagements. Those who postpone their engagements under the excuse that no agreement as to time, place and form of work has been entered into shall, except in troubles and calamities, not only forfeit ¼th of their wages, but also be punished with a fine equal to twice the amount of their wages. They shall also make good whatever is thus lost or damaged. Those who carry on their work contrary to orders shall not only forfeit their wages, but also pay a fine equal to twice the amount of their wages.”

“Physicians undertaking medical treatment without intimating (to the government) the dangerous nature of the disease shall, if the patient dies, be punished with the first amercement. If the death of a patient under treatment is due to carelessness in the treatment, the physician shall be punished with the middle-most amercement. Growth of disease due to negligence or indifference (karmavadha) of a physician shall be regarded as assault or violence.”

“The Superintendent of Commerce shall allow the sale or mortgage of any old commodities (purána bhándanám) only when the seller or mortgagor of such articles proves his ownership of the same. With a view to prevent deception, he shall also supervise weights and measures. Difference of half a pala in such measures as are called parimání and drona is no offence. But difference of a pala in them shall be punished with a fine of 12 panas. Fines for greater differences shall be proportionally increased.”

“When a trader sells or mortgages inferior as superior commodities, articles of some other locality, as the produce of a particular locality, adulterated things, or deceitful mixtures, or when he dexterously substitutes other articles for those just sold (samutparivartimam), he shall not only be punished with a fine of 54 panas but also be compelled to make good the loss”

Arthashastra required that a court must not allow a person with a criminal background to appear as a witness. However, in India, we see FOREIGN MONEY being used to CREATE WITNESSES OUT OF THIN AIR to bail out terrorists and put even the Home Minister and DGP in jail. 

We see criminals being inducted into Rajya Sabha , hand kissers of foreign forces becoming state governors, and even PM / President.

Chanakya was the first on this planet to envisage the concept of a ‘nation’.

Chanakya wanted collection of the right amount of taxes at the right time from the right people. "Taxation should not be a painful process for the people. There should be leniency and caution while deciding the tax structure. Ideally, governments should collect taxes like a honeybee, which sucks just the right amount of honey from the flower so that both can survive. Taxes should be collected in small and not in large proportions".

Chanakya allowed exemptions and tax waivers  - In case of a widow with children to look after, the transferred income due to the death of her husband is exempt from taxation. In case of faulty rainfall or draught, agricultural produce is exempted from taxation. Taxes were exempted for heroic soldiers with exemplary record. Taxes were exempted in case of serious medical illness. The family of martyrs in war did not have to pay taxes. Chanakya was fair and compassionate , who felt the pulse of his citizens.

Chanakya knew that the most important factor of a state’s prosperity is dependant on foreign trade as well as on domestic trade.  It was the king’s duty to promote trade and commerce by maintaining trade routes connecting markets and industrial zones.  

The state ensured that trade routes free of harassment by courtiers, state officials, thieves and frontier guards.  The state kept a hawk’s eye on corrupt traders,  cartels who  fixed  prices to make excessive profits, hoarders and those who dealt in stolen property.   

He prescribed heavy fines for discouraging such offences by traders and with a view to provide consumer protection.  The law on dealings among private merchants included: (a) Selling on agency basis. (b) Revocation of contracts between traders. (c) Traders traveling together and pooling their goods.

Foreign traders had to pay a sum of money as a deposit in order to carry out business in the state.  This kept a check on foreign desh drohis who arrive to conduct business and destabilize the state  ( FDI you can call it today ).

Foreign traders were NEVER given the same status as the local traders  — unlike in modern India where these desh drohi  FDI bringing foreigner traders are given more privileges. Chanakya encouraged local exporters.

Import duties on foreign goods about  20% of their value.  Rome and Greece were  the major trading partners  of the Mauryan Empire.  Silver, marble,  chemicals, wine , olive oil etc  were imported . 

Foreign merchants were not allowed to be sued by any parties for a commercial dispute. Only the local partner was allowed to be sued.  There was a threshold limit on profit . The usual permissible profit margin on imported goods was 10%. Foreign trade was conducted on a barter basis and NOT on currency.   

The State provided for the share of profits payable to the foreign king. All the expenses were calculated and the profitability of the trade was determined in a honest and transparent manner.

Arthashastra encouraged profitable trading . It did NOT advocate loss in trade even with a MFN partner.  Traders were encourages to give some concessions to MFN partners. 

“Having ascertained the value of local produce as compared with that of foreign produce that can be obtained in barter, the superintendent will find out (by calculation) whether there is any margin left for profit after meeting the payments (to the foreign king) such as the toll (sulka), road-cess (vartaní), conveyance- cess (átiváhika), tax payable at military stations (gulmadeya), ferry- charges (taradeya), subsistence to the merchant and his followers (bhakta), and the portion of merchandise payable to the foreign king (bhága).  If no profit can be realised by selling the local produce in foreign countries, he has to consider whether any local produce can be profitably bartered for any foreign produce. Then he may send one quarter of his valuable merchandise through safe roads to different markets on land. In view of large profits, he (the deputed merchant) may make friendship with the forest guards, boundary-guards, and officers in charge of cities and of country-parts (of the foreign king).  He shall take care to secure his treasure (sára) and life from danger.  If he cannot reach the intended market, he may sell the merchandise (at any market) free from all dues (sarvadeyavisuddham).”

Chankaya was the first to introduce risk management.  Higher levels of risk and uncertainty had to be compensated with higher levels of profits. This is why he allowed 10% profits on imports while allowing only 5% on local trade. This was because imports had element beyond the control of the state , like goods getting stolen or damaged in transit.  

“An interest of a pana and a quarter per month per cent is just. Five panas per month per cent is commercial interest (vyávaháriki). Ten panas per month per cent prevails among forests. Twenty panas per month per cent prevails among sea-traders (sámudránám). Persons exceeding, or causing to exceed the above rate of interest shall be punished with the first amercement; and hearers of such transactions shall each pay half of the above fine.”  

This clearly shows that Kautilya has anointed riskier ventures with greater rates of interest. Risk  management,  was centralized. Almost all insurance was taken care of by the state. Private money lenders had to pay a sum of profits on interests to the state. They were also entitled to a limit on the amount of money they lent.  The private money lenders could also take up the risk for investments in merchandise. This right was granted only to people with enough income to dispose off and they have to be people of good character and families . 

All modern methods of lending interest as a percentage were created 2400 years ago.  Chanakya propounded six different kinds of interests: compound interest, periodical interest, stipulated interest, daily interest, and the use of a pledged article.  

“The nature of the transactions between creditors and debtors, on which the welfare of the kingdom depends, shall always be scrutinized. Interest in grains in seasons of good harvest shall not exceed more than half when valued in money. Interest on stocks (prakshepa) shall be one-half of the profit and be regularly paid as each year expires. If it is allowed to accumulate owing to the intention or to the absence of the receiver or payer, the amount payable shall be equal to twice the share or principal (múlyadvigunah). A person claiming interest when it is not due, or representing as principal the total amount of his original principal and the interest thereon shall pay a fine of four times the amount under dispute (bandhachaturgunah).”

Interest rates varied from 1.25% to 2% per month. The rate of interest depended upon the risk involved and the potential productivity of the money borrowed. The highest rate of interest was 20% per month and was charged to those involved in exports / imports. 

“Those who can be expected to relieve misery, who can give instructions to artisans, who can be trusted with deposits, who can plan artistic work after their own design, and who can be relied upon by guilds of artisans, may receive the deposits of the guilds. The guilds (srení) shall receive their deposits back in time of distress.” 

Agriculture was given maximum state protection and sponsorship. Chanakya noted that  cultivable land is better than mines because mines fill only the treasury while agricultural production fills both treasury and store houses.  

“Possessed of the knowledge of the science of agriculture dealing with the plantation of bushes and trees (krishitantragulmavrikshsháyurvedajñah), or assisted by those who are trained in such sciences, the superintendent of agriculture shall in time collect the seeds of all kinds of grains, flowers, fruits, vegetables, bulbous roots, roots, fiber producing plants, and cotton. He shall employ slaves, labourers, and prisoners (dandapratikartri) to sow the seeds on crown-lands which have been often and satisfactorily ploughed. The work of the above men shall not suffer on account of any want in ploughs (karshanayantra) and other necessary instruments or of bullocks. Nor shall there be any delay in procuring to them the assistance of blacksmiths, carpenters, borers (medaka), rope makers, as well as those who catch snakes, and similar persons.”

 Expert weather forecasters were sponsored by the state. A good rainy season was when one-third of the annual rainfall occurs in the beginning and at the end of the season and two-thirds in the middle.

“The quantity of rain that falls in the country of jángala is 16 dronas; half as much more in moist countries (anúpánám); as to the countries which are fit for agriculture (désavápánam);--13½ dronas in the country of asmakas; 23 dronas in avantí; and an immense quantity in western countries (aparántánám), the borders of the Himalayas, and the countries where water channels are made use of in agriculture (kulyávápánám). When one-third of the requisite quantity of rain falls both during the commencement and closing months of the rainy season and two-thirds in the middle, then the rainfall is (considered) very even (sushumárúpam). A forecast of such rainfall can be made by observing the position, motion, and pregnancy (garbhádána) of the Jupiter (Brihaspati), the rise and set and motion of the Venus, and the natural or unnatural aspect of the sun. From the sun, the sprouting of the seeds can be inferred; from (the position of) the Jupiter, the formation of grains (stambakarita) can be inferred; and from the movements of the Venus, rainfall can be inferred. Three are the clouds that continuously rain for seven days; eighty are they that pour minute drops; and sixty are they that with the sunshine-this is termed rainfall. Where rain, free from wind and unmingled with sunshine, falls so as to render three turns of ploughing possible, there, the reaping of good harvest is certain.” 


“According as the rainfall is more or less, the superintendent shall sow the seeds which require either more or less water. Sáli (a kind of rice), vríhi (rice), kodrava (Paspalum Scrobiculatum), tila (sesame), priyangu (panic seeds), dáraka, and varaka (Phraseolus Trilobus) are to be sown at the commencement (púrvávápah) of the rainy season. Mudga (Phraseolus Mungo), másha (Phraseolus Radiatus), and saibya are to be sown in the middle of the season. Kusumbha (safflower), masúra (Ervum Hirsute), kuluttha (Dolichos Uniflorus), yava (barley), godhúma (wheat), kaláya (leguminous seeds), atasi (linseed), and sarshapa (mustard) are to be sown last. Or seeds may be sown according to the changes of the season. Fields that are left unsown (vápátiriktam, i.e., owing to the inadequacy of hands) may be brought under cultivation by employing those who cultivate for half the share in the produce (ardhasítiká); or those who live by their own physical exertion (svavíryopajívinah)may cultivate such fields for ¼th or 1/5th of the produce grown; or they may pay (to the king) as much as they can without entailing any hardship upon themselves (anavasitam bhágam), with the exception of their own private lands that are difficult to cultivate.”


“The superintendent shall grow wet crops (kedára), winter-crops (haimana), or summer crops (graishmika) according to the supply of workmen and water. Rice-crops and the like are the best (jyáshtha, i.e., to grow); vegetables (shanda) are of intermediate nature; and sugarcane crops (ikshu) are the worst (pratyavarah, i.e., very difficult to grow), for they are subject to various evils and require much care and expenditure to reap. Lands that are beaten by foam (phenághátah, i.e., banks of rivers, etc.) are suitable for growing vallíphala (pumpkin, gourd and the like); lands that are frequently over flown by water (paríváhánta) for long pepper, grapes (mridvíká), and sugarcane; the vicinity of wells for vegetables and roots; low grounds (hariníparyantáh) for green crops; and marginal furrows between any two rows of crops are suitable for the plantation of fragrant plants, medicinal herbs, cuscus roots (usínara), híra, beraka, and pindáluka (lac) and the like. Such medicinal herbs as grow in marshy grounds are to be grown not only in grounds suitable for them, but also in pots (sthályam).”

 “Irrigational works (sétubandha) are the source of crops; the results of a good shower of rain are ever attained in the case of crops below irrigational works.”

“Of forts such as a fort on a plain, in the centre of a river, and on a mountain, that which is mentioned later is of more advantage than the one previously mentioned; of irrigational works (sétubandha), that which is of perennial water is better than that which is fed with water drawn from other sources; and of works containing perennial water, that which can irrigate an extensive area is better.” 

  “In case of construction of new works such as tanks, lakes, etc; taxes on the lands below such tanks) shall be remitted for five years (Panchavárshikah parihárah). For repairing neglected or ruined works of similar nature, taxes shall be remitted for four years. For improving or extending water-works, taxes shall be remitted for three years. In the case of acquiring such newly started works by mortgage or purchase, taxes on the lands below such works shall be remitted for two years. If uncultivated tracts are acquired (for cultivation) by mortgage, purchase or in any other way, remission of taxes shall be for two years. Out of crops grown by irrigation by means of wind power or bullocks (vátapravartimanandinibandháyatana) or below tanks, in fields, parks, flower gardens, or in any other way, so much of the produce as would not entail hardship on the cultivators may be given to the Government. Persons, who cultivate the lands below tanks, etc., of others at a stipulated price (prakraya), or for annual rent (avakraya), or for certain number of shares of the crops grown (bhága) or persons who are permitted to enjoy such lands free of rent of any kind, shall keep the tanks, etc., in good repair; otherwise they shall be punished with a fine of double the loss. Persons, letting out the water of tanks, etc., at any other place than their sluice gate (apáre), shall pay a fine of 6 panas;and persons who recklessly obstruct the flow of water from the sluice- gate of tanks shall also pay the same fine.”

“The seeds of grains are to be exposed to mist and heat (tushárapáyanamushnam cha) for seven nights; the seeds of kosi are treated similarly for three nights; the seeds of sugarcane and the like (kándabíjánam) are plastered at the cut end with the mixture of honey, clarified butter, the fat of hogs, and cow dung; the seeds of bulbous roots (kanda) with honey and clarified butter; cotton seeds (asthibíja) with cow dung; and water pits at the root of trees are to be burnt and manured with the bones and dung of cows on proper occasions.”

In India agriculture is completely out of the purview of the tax regime . The farmers get free electricity. Using this concession sugar cane barons are minting money. Sugar cane is water intensive. Yet these barons lower the ground water level to make biofuel and alcohol rum. Maharashtra farmer keep committing suicide.

Arthashastra has taxed agriculture and allied activities (though it was one of the sole major sectors contributing to state welfare).

Chanakya was NOT in favour of too strong a centre. He wanted that people should be given rights and responsibilities such that they actively participate in the running of the state. But important powers were held by the centre.

 The public sector acted as a regulator of all economic activities in the society. The state allowed many private sectors to flourish.  This was done under the surveillance of the public sector which was run by the State.  The private players were given permission to take part in the economy only after verifications of their desh bhakti and ability to deliver the goods.

 All barren and unoccupied lands were controlled by the state. The ownership of unclaimed land was with the state. The State regularly leased land for peasants and the underprivileged for farming, for setting up businesses or for building settlements. He tenants had to pay a nominal sum of money to the state as fees. 

Mining and fishing were predominantly controlled by the State. However, the State also allowed private sectors to carry out this trade by paying a trade tax to the State.  Salt pans worked under the complete authority of the State.

Manufacture and sale of was the State’s monopoly.  Any person involved in this was severely punished.  The State private sector to handle animal husbandry .  Forestry and mining were monopolies of the State.  Forest superintendents were appointed by the State to protect wildlife and precious wood and produce.

Arthashastra gives tips on human resource management which is applicable even today- recruitment and selection, organizational design , change management, time management, performance appraisals, employee relation, compensation, rewards, training , mentoring , bonuses etc.

Arthashastra identifies four kinds of people who could be lured; the angry, the timid, the greedy and the proud.  These are the four basic behaviours which could lead to one’s downfall. There were comprehensive methods who to lure such groups of people. The proud were given an ego massage.

Wages should be high enough to maintain the loyalty of the officials, to evoke the needed efficiency and to reflect the relative importance of their occupation.  Wages were mostly based on performance and skill involved.

“The artisans employed in the office shall do their work as ordered and in time. When under the excuse that time and nature of the work has not been prescribed, they spoil the work, and they shall not only forfeit their wages, but also pay a fine of twice the amount of their wages. When they postpone work, they shall forfeit one- fourth the amount of their wages and pay a fine of twice the amount of the forfeited wages. Those women who can present themselves at the weaving house shall at dawn be enabled to exchange their spinning for wages (bhándavetanavinimayam).”

 “Delay in paying the wages shall be punished with the middlemost amercement. The same would be the case when wages are paid for work that is not completed.”

“Disputes regarding wages shall be decided on the strength of evidences furnished by witnesses. In the absence of witnesses, the master who has provided his servant with work shall be examined.”

 “Failure to pay wages shall be punished with a fine of ten times the amount of wages (dasabandhah), or 6 panas; misappropriation of wages shall be punished with a fine of 12 panas or of five times the amount of the wages (panchabandho vá).”

“A worker neglecting or unreasonably putting off work for which he has received wages shall be fined 12 panas and be caught-hold of till the work is done. He who is incapable to turn out work, or is engaged to do a mean job, or is suffering from disease, or is involved in calamities shall be shown some concession or allowed to get the work done by a substitute. The loss incurred by his master or employer owing to such delay shall be made good by extra work.”

 “Assisted by his prime minister (mantri) and his high priest, the king shall, by offering temptations, examine the character of ministers (amátya) appointed in government departments of ordinary nature. Of these tried ministers, those whose character has been tested under religious allurements shall be employed in civil and criminal courts (dharmasthaníyakantaka sodhaneshu); those whose purity has been tested under monetary allurements shall be employed in the work of a revenue collector and chamberlain; those who have been tried under love-allurements shall be appointed to superintend the pleasure-grounds (vihára) both external and internal; those who have been tested by allurements under fear shall be appointed to immediate service; and those whose character has been tested under all kinds of allurements shall be employed as prime ministers (mantrinah), while those who are proved impure under one or all of these allurements shall be appointed in mines, timber and elephant forests, and manufactories.”

 “Teachers have decided that in accordance with ascertained purity, the king shall employ in corresponding works those ministers whose character has been tested under the three pursuits of life, religion, wealth and love, and under fear.”

"In the happiness of the subjects lays the happiness of the king and in what is beneficial to the subjects his own benefit. What is dear to the king is not beneficial to him, but what is dear to the subjects is beneficial to him"

The qualities of a good leader include: (a) Piety; (b) Truthfulness; (c) Reliability; (d) Gratefulness; (e) Liberality; (f) Promptness; (g) Freedom from vices; (h) Long term vision; (i) Conduct in conformity with the advice of elders.

 ‘The leader with his senses under control must avoid doing injury to others, sloth, capriciousness, association with harmful persons and any transaction associated with unrighteousness or harm.”

“The king should be ever active to carry out the management of material wellbeing, which will in turn lead to spiritual wellbeing and happiness.”

“The king should avoid even a big profit that would be injurious to the subjects.”


In his war strategies against external threats Chanakya  lays down methods of sabotage, instilling awe,  demoralization,  disappointment and loss of confidence among the enemy ranks, prior to launching a full-scale assault on the enemy bastion.  Methods of how to weaken an enemy’s resolve by cutting off food , water and supply lines was laid down.


Arthashastra regarding spying as an indispensable and integral part of an efficient administration and of a sound foreign policy.  It gave true feedback to the king of the activities, afflictions, and operations of political adversaries: their disloyal and disgruntled elements, fifth columnists and foreign agents in their midst, also the strength and intentions of all foreign power. 

The Arthasastra mentions two wings of ‘secret service’, viz. ‘samstha‘ and ‘sancara‘. The agents belonging to ‘samstha’ were stationed in the Establishment financed by the State, whereas the ‘sancaras’ moved from place to place depending on dynamics and professional requirements. The spymasters of the two wings headed their respective cadre of agents, and controlled their operations. The members of one group were not aware of the existence of the other. 

Launching into too much detail is beyond the scope of this post.  The few passages above above is just for the reader to get a feel ,  of how a genius mind worked 2400 years ago.

 Arthashastra is fruit of  practical experience of running a state.  It is not just a normative text but a realist description of the art of running a state. 


Arthashastra takes into account political realism .  He believed that politics, like society in general, is governed by objective laws that have their roots in human nature. Political realism avoids reinterpreting reality to fit the policy.  A good foreign policy minimizes risks and maximizes benefits. Political realism is aware of the moral significance of political action. It is also aware of the tension between the moral command and the requirements of successful political action.   Political realism is based on a pluralistic conception of human nature. 


Chanakya  decries that the primary duty of a king is to protect "Dharma" or righteousness in society.  That king who upholds righteousness and virtue will have happiness in this world and also in the next.  Chanakya declared that a king who uses his power improperly and unjustly  deserves to be punished.


 "The happiness of the commoners is the happiness of the king. Their welfare is his welfare. A king should never think of his personal interest or welfare, but should try to find his joy in the joy of his subjects." –these are written words of Chanakya.

Arthashastra envisioned -
A self sufficient agriculture based economy which is not dependent on foreign trade.
An egalitarian society where there are equal opportunities for all.

A cultured society where the people are not running behind material pleasures--where there is control over the sense organs-- where there is spiritual development is essential for the internal strength and character of the individual.  

The diplomatic enclave in New Delhi is named Chanakyapuri in honour of Chanakya. Institutes named after him include Training Ship Chanakya, Chanakya National Law University and Chanakya Institute of Public Leadership.

Alexander the great was built up by Greek poets and the oracles at Delphi as an invincible hero like Achilles.  It was pathetic to see him even unable to fight without his horse Buecephalus.  When he was wounded it became clear to the Greek soldier that his hero is NO longer invincible and he was just an ordinary moral.

I would advise Narendra Modi to expunge all these FAKE history accounts written by R communist historians  like Satish Chandra, RS Sharma, Rominal Thapar etc in our NCERT school books .

Ran Sharan Sharma wrote a book in 1977, “ Ancient India” which was full of lies.  Being a Hindu he queries the truths of Ramayana and Mahabharata. 

He write: “Although Krishna plays an important role in the Mahabharata, inscriptions and sculptural pieces found in Mathura dating back to 200 BC and 300 AD do not attest to his presence. Because of this, ideas of an epic age based on the Ramayana and Mahabharata have to be discarded..."

I wish someone shows him the 12000 year old submerged city of Dwaraka.  



He must also be shown the ancient Sri Ram temple at Ayodhya underneath the ruins of the Babri Masjid.
It is very lucrative to say that Hinduism is a recent religion . You will get huge cash awards if you denigrate our Hindu gods.

Punch into Google search-

BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL

JUDAS Indians have dragged Bharatmata to the whorehouse , and did propaganda to make naïve Indian believe it.   They got millions of dollars cash awards for doing this.  

 Some just had a mental kink— just being on the top 100 of Time magazine or Forbes magazine was good enough for these desh drohis.   Some of these JUDASES did so , to enable their children wrangle a seat in some foreign opium drug money founded university.

But why are we Indians so naïve and gullible.

Tomorrow some JUDAS will write a letter with the name of your mother or wife or daughter at the bottom,  HOW MUCH SHE ENJOYED GETTING DRILLED IN ALL HER THREE ORIFICES by your neighbor and his friends yesterday noon , and how she is dying to get humped again by them daily  – will you just believe this?

Wont you make an attempt to find out why the handwriting does NOT match—or why there is NO signature— or that your mother / wife / daughter was with you in another city — or your neighbor is a hardcore homosexual who has NIL interest in women — or whatever ?

Why do we believe all the lies of say Dr Zakir Naik, when he says so and so nonsense is written in Yajurveda or our Puranas ?  This man had told something about Lord Ganesha and nobody batted an eyelid—except for some feeble protests by some Hindu organisations.    

Punch into Google search-
LORD GANESHA AND THE MILK DRINKING EPISODE  VADAKAYIL



Why have we allowed AGAMA culture ( written by some fu#kin’ atheist / dalit convert Christian stooges of the white man ) invade Hindusim, with all its monopolized RIDICULOUS rituals , superstitions and  customs for 33 crore gods  ,  NOT sanctioned by Sanatana Dharma ?

Chanakya had warned that the death of the King should never announced immediately.    Before the demise of the king, in each and every nook and corner (sensitive places ) of the capital city security forces must take over.    And the the death of the King must be announced !!   You would have known that BBC send their representative Mark Tully to actually witness the assassination of Indira Gandhi.   They knew what would transpire.  BBC announced the death of Indira Gandhi before we Indians could even react— and we know how the riots took place, alienating the Sikhs  .

Doubt as to whether a homosexual Philip was really his father enabled Alexander to claim that he was a god and the son of Zeus ( like Hercules )

Who says Alexander is Great? 

FINSERVE and Nasiruddhin Shah ?

This man has NO qualifications to be called Great!

A man who married an Indian girl to have a deal with King Ambi of Taxila.  

A man  who used his Indian wife to tie a rakhi on Porus and buy a truce, when the chips were down.
Why is history silent about the atrocities of Alexander ?   Chanakya knew from his students at Taxila that in Tyre “Alexander the NOT so great”  crossed all boundaries of brutality and sold its women and children into slavery.   

This was his way of preventing revolts once he left a conquered kingdom.  

Gaza was another one such kingdom in Egypt that revolted and where Alexander repeated what he did in Tyre. 

Sorry this is the Internet era . 

It is time for western historians to eat crow !

Alexander's visit to the Oracle of Ammon at Siwa was, and still is considered as one of the most fascinating events of his reign Alexander claimed towards the end of his life that he was actually the son of Ammon/Zeus and not of Philip II of Macedon.   



Alexander the Liar claimed the  Indian seer at the temple told him that he is son of God.  What nonsense when that priest could NOT understand Greek.  



Alexander's had made a tiring trip to the Oasis of Siwa where there was a Shiva Temple.  

By the way there was a Shiva temple at the Oasis of Mecca too.  

Libyan Oracle of Ammon , an Indian seer was well known in Greece.  Alexander set off for the Oracle of Ammon at Libya in 331 B.C. In order to reach it, he had to cross the desert and face many dangers. Today this Oasis is in Egypt. 



There is a vernal and autumnal Equinox alignment between the Meru shaped Shiva temple known as Timasirayn and the Aghurmi mound /Amun Oracle-  when viewed from Timasirayn temple in the Western Sahara desert, 12 km away across Lake Siwa.



This type of astronomical knowledge was available only in India those days .  This temple existed in 7000 BC when India ruled that area.   



Another such temple is the Meru shaped Hindu temple of Angkorwat in Cambodia .



The first European to visit since Alexander the Great  was the English traveler William George Browne, who came in 1792 to see the ancient Libyan Shiva temple . The white historian has tried to run down this temple saying that it was for homosexuals.


Let me give a hint—  this Shiva temple with a black Shiva lingam existed even before 10000 BC, when India ruled the whole planet..

I would like my readers to read the post below. This planet is NOT yet ready to accept such profound truths. By the way profound truths have been degraded to FUNDAMENTALISM to day by R controlled media.

Punch into Google search-

THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL


Cleopatra has also visited the temple.

By the way, Zeus and Ammon are same as Brihaspati,the Guru of the Devas.   

The Guru of the Asuras was arch rival Shukracharya ( political advisor of King Mahabali of Kerala ) , the Parsi God of Ahura Mazda.   

The Persians would pronounce S as H— as S was NOT in their list of alphabets .

THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON, BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER VADAKAYIL

and


SHUKRACHARYA IS AHURA MAZDA GOD OF THE PARSIS, INDIAN PROPHET ZOROASTER WROTE ZEND AVESTA VADAKAYIL

The white historian will never give any credit to ancient Hindu temples-   they call it PAGAN temples.
So PAGANS kicked the ass of your GREAT nay GAY Alexander , right?

And PAGANS created the first language on this planet Sanskrit,right ?

Do you white historians know that the existing St Peter’s cathedral at Vatican is also built on top of an ancient Shiva temple?   

Jesus sent his best two disciples to Peter Vatican and Thomas Kodungallur in Kerala.  

Below: Yours truly at Vatican--St Peter's cathedral.




Above : They do NOT have the guts to display the black PAGAN stone above--  they hide it in their underground vaults of St Peter's cathedral, without which this church has NO powers .   At least at Mecca it is in the open, kissed and revered.. 

Alexander the GAY never crossed the  river Beas  ( Hyphasis River  ) as his troops mutinied .  The truth is Alexander lost his will to fight after his horse Bucephalus died and he was severely wounded.  

And his lies about the Oracle ( Indian seer ) at Siwa temple in Libya saying that he is infallible son of Zeus got exposed .



The famous Delphi , oracle at Delphi were manned by Indian male seers.  Much later when Indians were no longer available they put chosen local women . 



These unfortunate women were chained naked to a spot which gave out narcotic hydrogen sulphide fumes from rock and their tongues were bitten by venomous snakes,  on the days they were to give predictions.. .



Even YOU can be such an oracle  . None of the western historians have ever written that these poor women rarely crossed the age of 30 and remained virgins till they died. .



The original tongue piercing was NOT for perverted sexual needs but as a slow metered leach for king Cobra venom.



I have just touched upon the subject in the post below . It is NOT wise to reveal more.




Punch into Google search-
FUMAROLES AND HYDROGEN SULPHIDE SUICIDES IN JAPAN VADAKAYIL

Kamsa , the tyrant king at Mathura , the uncle of lord Krishna, was informed by an oracle that the eighth son of his sister Devaki would kill him.  Since he did NOT want to kill his sister , he  instead imprisoned both Devaki and her husband, Vasudeva.



In the confines of the prison, Devaki repeatedly conceived, and an enraged Kamsa murdered the first six children. The seventh child, Balarama, was saved . The eighth child born to Devaki and Vasudeva was Lord Krishna. 



Kamsa was eventually killed by Krishna, as was originally predicted by the divine prophecy.  This story is the reason why the Greeks believed in oracles..

You will be surprised to note that strategies  of ultra modern espionage,  and intelligence agencies are still based on the tips of Chanakya.    The Arthashastra identifies its author by the name Kautilya, except for once by the name Vishnugupta ( who was just a copier abridger ).

Why Kautilya ? - Chanakya him self admitted that I am honest with the honest and Vajra Kutil (cunning) with the Kutil,   thus he was nicknamed Kautilya.

Chandragupta was the illegitimate son of a Nanda king with a  maid  named Mura and spent his childhood in the Nanda palace. The Nanda king has enrolled his illegitimate son at Taxila as soon as he reached the university admission age of 16.

The white historian  LIED  that Chanakya made Chandragupta ( Sandakottus or was it bandrakottus ?)  join Alexander and become one of his ARMY Lieutenants.  Why should he do that when he was already king ?  

Oh blimey , xcuze pleajjje – I forgot that Chandragupta Maurya learnt the art of warfare from the Greekos —and what about culture ?  What about soap , pray ?  Because soap is civilization, right ?  What about toilet paper,  prithee  ?, 


The white invader says that Ashoka is said to be the son of queen Durdhara.  See they know everything !

In the present day world, Taxila is situated in Pakistan at a place near Rawalpindi. The university accommodated more than 10,000 students at a time. The university offered courses spanning a period of more than eight years. 

The students were mostly admitted after graduating from their own countries.  Aspiring students opted for elective subjects going for in depth studies in specialized branches of learning.



The FAKE historians try to convince us that Ashoka really existed.  “ Dasaratha Maurya was the Emperor of the Mauryan dynasty from 232 BCE to 224 BCE. According to the Matsya Purana, he succeeded his grandfather Ashoka the Great. He succeeded Ashoka after his uncle Kunala became blind, which made him unfit to rule (sic) ” .  What a sick joke—Matsya Purana was written thousands of years before the date they refer to.

The range of subjects taught in the university of Taxila were math, astronomy, economics, geography, surgery, ayurveda, physics, chemistry, astrology, statecraft ( for princes ), agriculture, martial arts,  philosophy, commerce , law etc..

Patliputra had another great University named Nalanda. Chankaya used to travel from Taxila to Nalanda as a much sought after visiting professor—such was his fame .  The Chinese traveler Fahian, who visited the city in 399 AD described it as prosperous city endowed with rich natural resources.

Below: Nalanda university



Long before Clausewitz came up with the quote, which said "War is only the continuance of state policy by other means",   Chanakya had already written it in his book ‘Nitishastra ’.    Most of his views were so amazing and farsighted that they appeared to be prophesies for future times .

The passages where Chanakya says in his works “ ‘The ends justify the means’ and the ruler should use any means to attain his goals and his actions required no moral sanctions.”  is injected by the white invader.    In politics, Chanakya has NEVER advocated the use of false accusations and killings by a king’s secret agent .   
Nor did Chanakya ever write that the observance of morals and ethics was not necessary for a ruler.  All his written works namely, ‘Arthashastra’ and ‘Nitishastra’ advocated  a level headed rational  approach and an unabashed advocacy of real politic, that was all . 

Chanakya has not advocated  ruthlessness and deceit— unless it is to pro-actively crush a black mamba type enemy from abroad coming to enslave your motherland and rob her blind --like Alexander the Gay..

Chanakya used to dress up in cotton mundu , the Kerala way, and his appearance was a bit too simple and funny , for a professor or the Prime Minister of a mighty nation.

When Chankaya became old he donated his meager wealth to the poor and like Chandra gupta Maurya went on sanyas to Kashi.

Chandragupta's son Bindusara extended the rule of the Mauryan empire towards southern India. He also had a Greek ambassador at his court, named Deimachus Strabo.

The white invader claimed that Chandra Gupta Maurya centralized prosititution and gambling.  

“ It controlled prices and trade, including trade in liquor and prostitution. It obliged drinking places to have couches, scents, water and other amenities, and drinking places and "public houses" were not to be near each other-BLAH BLAH “ .  

This is a LIE.

Hey did he control condom factories too ?

There was NO prostitution is India like in the west till the white invader created COMFORT STATIONS for the white troops.

Deceit most foul was involved.

Punch into Google search-
DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER VADAKAYIL

The Greek generals Eudemus, and Peithon, ruled as satraps until around 316 BCE, till they were driven away by Chandra Gupta Maurya .  

The first Seleucid king, Seleucus I, a former general under Alexander, attempted to recover lands taken by Chandragupta. But in the year 305 BCE Chandragupta turned back Seleucus' drive. Seleucus Nikator was forced to settle with Chandragupta.

After Chandragupta Maurya defeated  Satrap Seleucus Nikator  he made a treaty, which gave him Kabul, Gandhara, and parts of Persia . Chandragupta also married his daughter . 

Bindusara traded regularly with Greeks, Syrians, and Egyptians.   A lot of foreign rulers send their ambassadors to the Maurya court.  

In Arthasastra poison has been injected by the white historian , where “ aggrandizement is human nature, that a power superior in strength to another power should launch a war against that power, and that war keeps a nation's blood circulation regular”.

Chanakya has been vilified by western scholars, just to justify the defeat of the Greeko Satraps... He was compassionate to the poor and kind, harsh to the evil and deceitful.   


LIES galore by the western historian- “ People who were considered dangerous to Chanakya , might disappear without a trace.  He had food tasters in order to avoid being poisoned. And he never slept in the same bed two nights in succession”  

Hey, what about drinking daaru  from a new bottle every day,  like Saddam Hussian opening a new Black Label whisky bottle every time he wanted a drink.  Did Chanakya sleep under the bed too?


“  Eliciting confessions by torture remained a normal method in police work. Punishment depended on class: Brahmin's were not tortured, but upon conviction of a crime they could be branded, exiled or sent to work in the mines.  A Greek ethnographer, Megasthenes (350-290 BC) described a low incidence of thievery in Chandragupta's India, and this might have been a result of the punishment for such a crime. 

Hey, so the mothers of these white historians did NOT screw around as their father put chastity belts on their collective crotches  ?  Could they NOT have been virtuous women ?


Could citizens of Chanakya be just contented and happy ?  Of course brown skinned people are supposed to be miserable coolies –nay- beggars !




“ Hindu king Ashoka is said to have been of a wicked nature and bad temper. He submitted his ministers to a test of loyalty and had 500 of them killed.  He also kept a harem of around 500 women.  When a few of these women insulted him, he had the whole lot of them burnt to death. He also built hell on earth, an elaborate and horrific torture chamber. This torture chamber earned him the name of Chand Ashoka (Sanskrit), meaning Ashoka the Fierce”

BAAAD Hinndusim. 

He must convert to GOOODIE GOOD Buddhism—el pronto and save his soul.





Hey, I do NOT have time for this sh#t.

Why don’t you punch into Google search-

ASHOKA’S HELL WIKIPEDIA

BAAD   BAAAAD   Hindu king !



The Lion Capital of Asoka at Sarnath has been made the national emblem of India.



However do NOT be misled that this is a Buddhist stupa symbol. The squatting lion is a Hindu temple symbol , see the ones outside the much older Pashupatinath temple in Nepal.




Roman historian Pompeius Trogus, claims that “Chandragupta was a commoner who offended the Nanda king and was then condemned to death. Somehow he broke away from his captors and outran them, collapsing in exhaustion when he reached the safety of the jungle. He slept where he fell, and as he slept, a lion came and licked the sweat off his face. He woke to see the beast calmly walking away; he knew then that he was destined for rule.”

 –a small bird told him that— she sent a TWEET !

Another one spAke—“Chanakya had been born with a full set of teeth, a sign that local monks explained as an omen of future kingship. But Chanakya's father feared that royal power would mean the perdition of his son's soul, so he ground down the teeth with a file “

Oh boy, that must have been painful.
.



As a prime minister Chanakya mentored kings Chandra Gupta Maurya and Bindusara. 

It was NOT back seat driving. Rather nurturing his disciples. 

Once he accomplished his purpose, he just retired and went on sanyas for a life of contemplation, as per Sanatana Dharma.

Kautilya / Chankaya was a man of DEEDS AND NOT WORDS.

He had NO time for fools.

He is criticized for doing what’s necessary.  He was the one who had no hesitation to spill the blood of one bad black mamba , to save many innocent lives.

Even the modern global diplomacy revolves around the Chanakya’s principle of  “saam, daam, dand, bhed” = “persuade, purchase, punish, exploit the weakness’ , to screw his defaulters .

World history is simple incomplete without mentioning his great contributions.

DIGRESSION KHABARDAAR !




Above photo has to do with the comment below:
###############
Naveen
August 7, 2014 at 11:29 AM
Dear Captain,
The Yazidis - the iraqi tribe which faces genocide in the hands of ISIS militants are said to be
people who believe in ReIncarnation and a dualistic form of worship. Are they linked to Hindu, Buddhist or any Dharmic spirituality ? Please shed some light on this tribe and the current crisis they face.

Thanks,
Naveen

#######################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
August 7, 2014 at 12:20 PM
hi n,

The Yazidi have Indian DNA.

They were the ancient Vedic Hindu caretakers ( of great culture ) of the Hindu shrines in Gobekli Tepe, in Kurdish Turkey.

The Yazidi were ancient followers of Shukracharya. Their calendar says that they have been away from Gobleki Tepe for 4800 years.

They still do sunrise and sunset ( surya vandhanam ) prayers.

They beat the dholak, blow the shank , take holy river baths and revere the peacock ( Malek Tavous ) — a bird NOT found in that neck of the woods.

Yazidis do not circumcise , as is done by everybody else in those areas.

They have strict Gotra rules. See how much a social custom can reveal.

As soon as Islam was founded by Mohhamad they Muslims started killing the Yezidis .

ISIS has declared the Yazidi are SHAITAN ( pagan ) worshippers.

25 million Yezidis have been killed by Muslims over the past 800 years—nobody cares, as they are NOT Jews !

Today their dwindling population all over the planet is less than 9 lakhs.

what a shame !

capt ajit vadakayil
..
###################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
August 8, 2014 at 1:55 AM
hi iht,

http://www.flickr.com/photos/41622708@N00/10114848895





indeed a HINDU LAMP in south india has a peacock on top. we use this lamp for our weddings -- including my own wedding

I AM PUTTING A PHOTO OF THIS LAMP IN THIS VERY POST , WHERE I AM LIGHTING IT .

capt ajit vadakayil

..


Above: A  Yazidi snake temple 

Below: Lord Kartikeya ( Subramanya/ Murugan - king of serpents  ) son of Lord Shiva and Parvati--the peacock god of the Yazidis .



###############################
YAZIDIS OF IRAQ ( KURDISTAN ) WERE HINDU BRAHMIN PRIESTS AT THE STONEHENGE OF ANCIENT GOBEKLI  TEPI,  TURKEY BEFORE 9000 BC . 



THEY STILL DO AGNIHOTRA RITUALS.



Above: The Hindu brahmin head with Sikha / Kudumi , unearthed at the stonehenge of Gobekli Tepi ( Turkey ) -- this stone head of the priest is a YAZIDI head .

THEIR GOD ( PEACOCK ANGEL ) IS LORD SHIVA’S SON WITH WIFE PARVATI — KARTIKEYA ( SUBRAMANYA/ MURUGAN   ) THE SUBRAMANYA SNAKE IS ON THE STONEHENGE  PILLAR .


THEIR IDOL GOD EVEN TODAY IS MULTI ARMED .   INDIAN HINDU  IDOLS  ARE THE ONLY MULTI-ARMED GODS .

IN  7000 BC INDIA RULED IRAQ , TURKEY AND SYRIA , MECCA, PALESTINE ETC .
YAZIDIS MIGRATED FROM INDIA AND NOT TO INDIA.   PEACOCKS ARE FOUND IN INDIA NOT IN TURKEY OR IRAQ.

YAZIDIS STILL GO TO PALANI TEMPLE, THEIR MECCA /VATICAN . 

THEY MISPRONOUNCE IT A PERANI.   



 THIS TEMPLE IS A PAZHANI IN DINDIGUL DISTRICT , TAMIL NADU,INDIA  .

THEIR HOLY RELIC IS A LAMP WITH A PEACOCK ON TOP—THEY HAVE ONLY TWO OF THESE LAMPS COMING DOWN SINCE ANCIENT TIMES . 

UNO  MUST ENSURE THAT YAZIDIS HAVE A HOMELAND OF THEIR OWN AT NORTH IRAQ.


Prime time now to screw all the dimwits  who have been tom tomming the rock edicts of Ashoka.

The names of contemporary kings found on Ashokan rock inscriptions has an Antiyoka  (  Antiyako ) who  ruled  Afghanistan around 1600 BC.

This clearly proves my declaration that Buddha existed in 1900 BC--  my derivations are from elsewhere. 

This is just to make a connection with the FALTHU rock edicts of Chandra Gupta Maurya’s son Ashoka.
If at all there was an emperor Ashoka he existed in 1500 BC not 232 BC.

So all the Sri Lankan Buddhists and the white invader’s historians  know what to do with themselves.   Here are opium suppositories for you—with compliments .

Wikipedia even dares to speculate—
Punch into Google search-
ANCESTORY OF CHANDRA GUPTA MAURYA WIKIPEDIA

 QUOTE -- The names of contemporary kings found on Ashokan inscriptions are said to include Antiyoka and Tulamaya. Antiyoka ruled Afghanistan about 1475 BC, apparently the approximate date for Ashoka (grandson of Maurya Chandragupta)--UNQUOTE


Really I have NO time for all this !

How can the Christians and Jews  date Buddha and Mahavira in 1900 BC ?

This means Christianity is 1900 years younger and the hero of Israel Jew David is 950 years younger.

NAHIN   MANGTHA ! 

JHOOT LIKHO  SAALA !!

Then Christianity and Judaism will have to take a back seat right?-  considering there are so many ULTRA GRAND ancient Buddhist temples and Jain temples all over .

How do you like this—with one mangy stone the immoral white historian tried to kill THREE birds—Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.
*********************************************************************
THE YAZIDIS OF IRAQ , ETHNIC CLEANSING BY MUSLIMS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GENOCIDE OF YEZIDIS , ANCIENT HINDU PRIESTS OF GOBEKLI TEPI 8000 BC -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I am penning this post on an URGENT basis-- 

500 Yazidis have been killed , in the past 10 hours ,  with many of them including women and children buried alive ( convert to Islam or die ) --  yet NONE of our big brother's BENAMI Indian owned main stream media has reported this.  




More than 300 attractive women have been taken as SEX slaves.  



Does NOT matter, social  media will take this matter up -- and wake up the world leaders .
.
Below: Forcible conversion of Yazidis to Islam.




Below: If you cannot convert--then you must die !



The ISIS is well on the way to exterminate YAZIDIS of Iraq , in another 24 hours if the world community does NOT react in a knee jerk manner .



The Yazidis of Iraq do NOT know their own history.

Their symbol is a lamp with a peacock on top. 

Below: Hidden Yazidi temple 




Below: This same type lamp was used in my wedding 30 years ago .



Below video:  Check out their holy relic of a lamp with a peacock on top -- exactly the same as the lamp I am lighting above-- only  difference it is smaller, and they have to bend to kiss it .



The GOD of the Yazidis is the son of Lord Shiva and Parvati-- Lord Karthikeya ( Murugan/ Subramanya ).  Kartikeya's brother is Lord Ganesha.




Kartikeya is a very powerful diety--and his vahana ( vimana ) is a peacock.  



A snake is also shown everytime- the sign of released Kundalini.

Below : Yazidi temple 


Peacocks are NOT found in Iraq--but abundant in India  .





The Mecca/Vatican of the Yazidis is the PAZHANI temple at Dindigul district Tamil Nadu. The deity here is Lord Murugan ( Kartkeya / Subramanya ). 




The ignorant Yazidis call it PERANI--as they cannot pronounce the letters ZH .

The Yazidis were the Hindu brahmin priests at Gobleki Tepi -- one of the ancient stonehenges .

All Stonehenges on this planet are Hindu in origin-- used for Agnihotra Havanams.

The stone bust of a Hindu brahmin priest was unearthed at Gobekli Tepi stonehenge in Turkey--the first stonehenge of this planet.





As late as 7000 BC, India ruled Israel, Syria, Iraq , Turkey --to Urals --to Vietnam.

The Yazidis still do sunrise and sunset ( surya vandhanam ) prayers to the sun god and agnihotra rituals .

They beat the dholak , blow the shank , take holy river baths and revere the peacock ( Malek Tavous ) — a bird NOT found in that neck of the woods.



Yazidis do not circumcise , as is done by everybody else in those areas.

They have strict Gotra rules. See how much a social custom can reveal.

Below:  PaZHani temple--Tamil Nadu.  It is called paLani temple by the Tamils as they do NOT have the letter ZH in their alphabets -like Sanskrit and Malayalam.  The Yezidis called it PERANI



As soon as Islam was founded by prophet Mohammed they Muslims started killing the Yazidis .

ISIS has declared the Yazidi are SHAITAN ( pagan ) worshippers.

25 million Yezidis have been killed by Muslims over the past 800 years—nobody cares, as they are NOT Jews !



Today their dwindling population all over the planet is less than 9 lakhs.

The first stonehenge on this planet was found at Gobekli Tepi , Turkey.




This ancient Palani temple at Dindigul district TamilNadu , was renovated by Cheraman Perumal the king of Calicut ( my hometown ) 1300 years ago, as Lord Subramanya appeared to him in a dream.

He renovated the ruined temple and installed the misplaced Murugan idol made of nine poisonous minerals or Navapaashaanam.

The theertham ( holy water ) abtained after bathing this idol has medicinal value, as water holds memory. Old and disabled people climb 670 steps, to reach the temple-shows that faith can give instant energy.



After that , the Calicut king Cheraman Perumal , went to Mecca to see Muhammed the prophet by ship.   His body is at Salalah Oman as he died on the way back before he could board his ship waiting at Salalah..



The king’s figure on horseback is inscribed in stone near the Vairava sub-shrine in the exterior of the northern wall of the sanctum sanctorum.

Below: Yazidis applying holy Tilak



The idol’s legs were scraped off during British rule — as they wanted to analyse the wonder alchemy of the idol’s alloy metal.

The Siddha Bhoghar who made the idol was a metallurgist who would make Shiva Lingams with Palladium group metals infused in mercury.

One such Mercury Shiva Lingam was found by the Templar Knights in Jerusalem under the Solomon Temple, after which they left Christianity and started worshipping Narasimhan — the Hindu half man Half lion God, an avatar of Lord Vishnu..



Maharshi Agasta was the first to solidify mercury through the use of Kerala herbs. The Siddhas also consumed purified mercury, Iridium , Rhodium and gold in order to achieve physical immortality.

Below : The multi-armed Yazidi god.   Multi armed god idols exist only in Hindusim.The snake is Kundalini , a concept which exists only in Hindusim.  Peacocks exist only in India .



The ascended masters popularized by Madame Blavatsky of the Theosophical society are the ancient Siddhars. One Siddha Guru was Maharishi Patanjali, who gifted the world the Science of Yoga.

Below : Yazidis honour Shukracharya . Shukracharya was advisor to King Mahabali of Kerala when Lord Vishnu came as Vamana avatar . Parsis ( Zoroastrians ) also worship Shukracharya as god AHURA MAZDA 








Soma mentioned in the Rig Veda , is found in the Himalayas ( not seen any more ) have potent anti-aging properties, as they contain mercury, iridium and rhodium. The major ingredient of Soma elexir is juice extracted from a creeper which was picked on special days of the dark lunar fortnight. It was placed in an earthen pitcher and buried underground until the full moon. Then it was removed and the juice was extracted and taken.

Below: Muslim women  doing propaganda that Yazidis worship Satan ( shaitan ) -- the trident is NOT held by satan --but by Lord Shiva --the father of the Yazidi god 





Below: The devil ( satan ) was made to hold a trident, after the white invader came to India.



Drinking Soma induced immediate explosion into higher consciousness. By consuming Soma a human being can raise his Kundalini instantly. The sages could separate the self from the body and travel astrally.



Nowadays modern physics dabbles with iridium , as in high spin they has been shown to have antigravity capabilities, and have been tried out in levitation experiments. The Kundalini ascent and descent can be assisted by Palladium group metals. Rhodium serves as the downflow of energy around the spinal column, iridium serves us the upflow. When these two are in balance, there is maximum coherence of these two energy currents.



Siddhars had the knowledge of converting inorganic substances into nano and ionic form which is easily absorbed by the human cells . Mercury, is widely used in Siddha medicine. Mercury, a killer poison, is converted into healing nectar, when properly purified and processed.



I SUGGEST ANY READER WHO HAS ACCESS TO NARENDRA MODI'S WEBSITE OR EVEN SUBRAMANIAN SWAMY'S WEBSITE MUST ALERT THEM-- IN ANOTHER 24 HOURS--



AFTER THAT IT IS A BIT TOO LATE ,   AS ISIS WILL KILL MOST OF THE YAZIDIS -- SUCH ANCIENT HINDUS



If PM Narendra Modi  has a problem in believing it--.

tell him to punch into Google search-

STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL



History has been murdered by the white man.

To find out what havanam was done at stonehenges .

Punch into Google search-
AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL




I tried to give an alert on TIMES OF INDIA-- they spammed me . This is what our main stream media is worth. 






##################### 
The Times of India
11:28 PM (2 minutes ago)

to me
Dear Reader,
Your comment has been taken off the website as our user community did not approve of it. We encourage you to participate in conversations on the site while refraining from posting obscene, defamatory, or inflammatory comments and not indulging in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community.
Comment Removed: SUBJECT : 'One or two days' left to save Iraq's Yazidis stranded on a mountain . ############################# NARENDRA MODI MUST RAISE HIS VOICE TODAY , FOR THE IRAQI YAZIDI COMMUNITY--AS THEY ARE ANCIENT INDIAN HINDUS . 25 MILLION YAZIDIS HAVE BEEN EXTERMINATED BY THE MUSLIMS IN THE PAST 800 YEARS-- TODAY ONLY LESS THAN A MILLION IS BALANCE ON THIS PLANET .  MORE THAN 45,000 FRIGHTENED WOMEN AND CHILDREN ARE HIDING IN RATHOLES IN THE SINJAR MOUNTAINS OF NW IRAQ MOUNTAINS WITHOUT FOOD AND WATER .  THE GIRLS OF THIS COMMUNITY ARE BEING TARGETTED FOR RAPES AS THEY ARE GOOD LOOKING .  WHY IS THE WORLD SILENT ?  WHY DO WE NEED A UNO --TO TAKE CARE OF ONLY ZIONIST INTERESTS ?  THE ISIS WAS ARMED , FUNDED AND PROVIDED SUPREME ( HIDDEN ) LEADERSHIP BY THE ZIONIST WEST .  CHECK OUT THE MAKE OF THE ARMS AND AMMUNITION THEY USED IN SYRIA AND LIBYA !  to check out their temples and methods of PAGAN worship --  punch into Google search- CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER VADAKAYIL . Capt ajit vadakayil ..-
Best wishes,

Team TOI
#########################



Below is the stone head of a Hindu Brahmin priest unearthed at Gobekli Tepi stonehenge.








Now let me tell the Muslims of the world this -

Shukracharya was the mentor ( guru )of the Asuras of India—  also the God of the ancient people of Arabia and Persia .  

This is why they still say “ALLAH KA SHUKRA HAI “. 


In Vedic astrology, there is a dasha or planetary period known as Shukra Dasha which remains active in a person's horoscope for 20 years, this is the longest dasha among all planets. This dasha is believed to give more wealth, fortune and luxury to a person's life if they have Shukra positioned well in their horoscope.  

Before prophet Muhammad created Islam, he was a worshipper of Shukracharya –as he was a Namboodiri .
Brihaspati was the mentor  ( guru ) of the devas of India— God of the people in Europe also known as Zeus/ Ammon/ Thor..

Punch into Google search-

THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON, BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER  VADAKAYIL

Both Shukracharya and Brihaspati were classmates—under a teacher who was the father of Brihaspati. This teacher showed endless partiality to his own son Brihaspati though he was inferior in every respect to Shukracharya.  

Getting upset, Shukracharya offered his services to the bitter enemy of Devas ( who has employed Brihaspati ) the asuras.

The asura ( demon ) King of my home state King Mahabali employed Shukracharya as his advisor.  In his rule the land of Kerala prospered due to excellent advise from Shukracharya making the Gods ( devas ) jealous.

Then asura King Mahabali of Kerala did the Ashwametha yaga ( a vote of confidence among vassal kings ) and became emperor .    Lord Vishnu came on earth as avatar Vamana ( the midget brahmin ) to kill King Mahabali.

This is why we in Kerala celebrate Onam—and this includes Christians and Muuslims too .  We do NOT celebrate Diwali which celebrates the victory of the Devas over the Asuras.

The Mayan civilization worshipped another Asura, Maya danava.  In ancient days Peru area was PATALA. The asuras took refuge when they were attacked by Devas here.

Punch into Google search-
MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED  VADAKAYIL .

Maya Danava had his own vimana ( flying saucer )

Punch into Google search-
FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL 

 As per our puranas ,  the Mecca oasis was called  'Makeshwar' ,  a place were Vedic agnihotra havanams were performed . 

Kaabaleshwar was the name of the Shiva temple ( with the black stone ) –  where a Namboodiri family were hereditary priests , and they were Muhammad’s ansectors.

This Shina temple was owned belonged to the king of Calicut—  as it also doubled a as a trade post ( spices ) and camel watering place.

Punch into Google search-
VEDIC PRACTICES IN MECCA VADAKAYIL

Makh in sanskrit means 'Havan' or 'Yagya'.  

There were 360 temples in Kaaba with the grand Kaabaleshara Shiva temple housing a most powerful shiva lingam black stone in the centre.   

The white historian of Britannica says the truth ( for a change )  when they counted and recorded 360 idols inside Kaaba.

Below:  6000 year old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in Silemania,  Iraq.

 




WHY DO MUSLIMS HAVE A HOLIDAY 
ON FRIDAY AND THEY PRAY COMPULSORILY ?

FRIDAY IS KNOWN AS SHUKRAVARAM  IN MALAYALAM  AND  SANSKRIT .

ON FRIDAY SHUKRACHARYA WAS BORN.

Has anybody on this planet revealed this so far? 

Why not ? 

How many know the true history of this planet? 

( when i said after 840 posts i have just revealed only 1% of the TRUE history of this planet-- some smirked, right ? 



Astrology originated in India.  In Kerala , Venus (sukra) is considered as a subha graha (benefic / auspicious planet) by nature.  Not a single astrologer worth his salt will disagree.  If Venus ( shukra ) is strong and favourably placed one may acquire things of art and pleasure, co-operates with others reciprocally in an harmonious manner and gains, falls in love, gets married, love and affection for spouse increases, begets daughters, rise due to the patronage or favour of some lady and well-wishers.






WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW--  THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU ARE ROOTLESS AND YOU DO NOT KNOW YOUR OWN HISTORY !

Sikhs abroad , dancing to the  tune of khalistanis , beware !
*********************************************************************
YELLAPRAGADA SUBBAROW, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ALBERT EINSTEIN SHAMELESS PLAGIARIST - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Recently I saw a program on TV where the TV anchor asked a 15 year old student —who are the real gems of this planet. 

The real VISHWA RATNAS .

He said – ALBERT EINSTEIN, EDISON , NEWTON, DARWIN , PICASSO etc

Today I will expose Albert Einstein in this blog .  

I will NOT devote a full post on him,  as he is way below the calibre of Yellapragada Subbarow .  We want real things-- NOT theories-- and that too lifted.


For example Nikola tesla invented AC electricity, motors, generators— the MOST VALUABLE INVENTIONS on this planet and he lit up and moved this planet.  He did NOT give us some bullsh#t LIFTED theory .

Below: The AC electricity lights of Nikola Tesla you see below are REAL --  not some theory !




Since I am a bit busy, you can start off by reading a few of my past posts .

Punch into Google search-

EDISON, ACE DELEGATOR CUM PATENT COLLECTOR VADAKAYIL

ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF  VADAKAYIL

CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE  VADAKAYIL

MODERN ABSTRACT ART AND PICASSO VADAKAYIL


Read about some real BHARAT RATNAS.

No, none of them have played cricket, a game played by just NINE AND A HALF countries on this planet.  A waitress thought like Mungerilal ( of Doordarshan fame ) ,  that she will get votes by propping up a AAILAAAA cricketer .

And none of them know how to sell ugly art in Bengal for crores.




Below: Paintings selling like hot cakes in Bengal-- kithna CHENGA painting hai !  Aur maangtha hai !! 

Is mein maa ki mamta hai kya?  Bolo toh baap ki peepta ?



Below: Saala, tum bikhari painter logon ka naseeb mein aadha chappati our pocha langot likha hai ! 

Pachas rupayya maangtha hai ? BHAAG BHOSADIKE !



Below : A painting by a 9 year old school boy in an inter school competition , in 45 minutes .




Below: A real talented painter who has NOT made any money . He is an unknown Iranian painter--  whose Arabic signature is at the bottom right hand corner..



Below: A R sponsored painter worth billions.





Punch into Google search-

JAGADISH CHANDRA BOSE , NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM  VADAKAYIL

SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM  AJIT VADAKAYIL

DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE , VULGAR RACISM VADAKAYIL

THE FRACTAL MIND OF SRINIVASA RAMANUJAN  VADAKAYIL




Jew Albert Einstein with VERY POOR math abilities was planted as a Technical clerk by Jew Rothschild in the Swiss Patents office in 1902.  

Today the R controlled press re-designates him as a TECHNICAL EXPERT .

Einstein’s and Rothschild’s letter correspondences are known by all. There is one in which Einstein thanks Rothschild for his financial donations to Jews in Palestine.

Most of Einstein’s root ideas like ENERGY AND MATTER IS INTER CONVERTIBLE ,  SPACE TIME DILATION etc  were known to other Europeans as these were written down in the Vedas 7000 years ago.

There is absolute written proof that Olinto De Pretto, an industrialist from Vicenza, published the equation E=mc^2 in a scientific magazine, Atte, in 1903.   

Einstein allegedly used De Pretto's insight in a major paper published in 1905,  but De Pretto was never acclaimed-- as R monopolised the media and peer reviewed magazines ..

Punch into Google search -
NASADIYA SUKTA RIG VEDA 5000 BC VADAKAYIL 

I WOULD RECOMMEND MY READERS TO BUY AND READ THE BOOK-
“The Manufacture and Sale of Saint Einstein -by Christopher Jon Bjerknes”



Here is a review -
QUOTE :  Bjerknes is the author of several other books exposing that Einstein has fully plagiarised "his" theory from previous sources who were later strangely omitted or even erased from history of science as only Einstein took full glory for the Theory of Relativity.

The author asks the logical question of who had the immense power of simply make some people vanish from history, and the road to answers lead him to the Jewish mass movement called Zionism [1]. Since it is common knowledge that the Zionist lobby controls most of the press, finances and politics in USA it was an easy task to proclaim godhood on Einstein and in the meantime get rid of everyone else who greatly contributed to the advancement of science which is a team sport where many scientists all over the world contribute to a common goal.

But the history of the infamous Theory of Relativity is completely different since it was supposedly all made by one man only.  Bjerknes looks deep into the Jewish history and especially Zionism which had the money and influence of completely distorting history so that today virtually everyone believes these lies and blindly takes them granted as truth. Mammoth in scope and filled with all possible references to original sources, he is able to reconstruct the complete history of how the sequence of events really followed and who is really responsible for what.

Find out what the official science and politics simply doesn't want you to know about the supposedly biggest genius of 20th century and especially about Zionism as a whole which is (ab)using Jews all over the world for its selfish goals. Is science just a playdoll of politics and can some scientists be made into gods with their theories becoming scientific dogma? It sure seems so and in The Manufacture and Sale of Saint Einstein you will find the most detailed investigation ever made on how it can be done and was actually done. Breathtaking 2830 pages long. A must read from everyone.: UNQUOTE 







Albert Einstein had two cats one big one small.  He had two holes cut on his door, for cats to travel in and out  - one small-- one big ! 

How many dim-wits  will do this ?  Even a gardener watering his lawn in heavy rain will NOT fall so low .





Digression:

I had a Russian second mate on my ship, whom I wanted to sack the same day I took over command—as I found him STUPID .  

On chemical tankers you cant have half wits-   people will die.

But my Chief mate ( a very intelligent half German- half Russian ) and my third mate ( a genius Russian  ) convinced me that I am reading the second mate wrong.

So I said “ I will wait for the day , both of you come to me together and tell me , it is high time I sacked the second mate. ”

It came soon enough—

The Nautical Almanac and the Admiralty Tide Tables ( 3 volumes ) came in by post in October.  They would kick in only the next year on 1st January.

The third mate’s  morning sight calculations came haywire.

The moment I went on the bridge I knew something was wrong – as his usually cheerful face was grim and pale.

I asked him to spit  it out— 

He said that he re-calculated his sun sight 3 times, taken a sextant sight reading twice , verified the chronometer UTC time by radio time signal twice — yet the sight was wrong.

I checked the Nautical Almanac and found that he was using the book meant for the next year .

So when the second mate came on the bridge at noon—I asked him in front of the third mate, where is the current year’s almanac.

He says “the new ones have come so I threw the old books into the sea at 4 AM before the end of my watch “. 

The ship was now up sh#t creek without a paddle till  new books came on board-   you really have no effin'  idea what this means in the pre-GPS era .



This is like throwing away this years  calendar in your home ,  as soon as the next years calendar was given to you by some friendly shopkeeper .



Sure enough after lunch, I had my Chief Mate and Third mate knocking on my cabin door – with red faces.



Their message “ Sir, please sack the second mate ! You were right—he is STUPID ”


But then we were on a 25 day sea passage and the second mate was completing his contract at the first port.







Our Indian media are deeply involved in creating DESI INTELLECTUALS created and sponsored by big brother ..

NONE OF THE MOTH EATEN FACES WHO COME ON PRIME TIME TV DEBATES , CAN PASS A SIMPLE IQ TEST .

SAME IS THE CASE WITH ALL THESE MAIN STREAM MEDIA  EDITORS , TV ANCHORS ETC. 

THESE ARE MOSTLY  BOTTOM OF THE CEREBRAL BARREL DREGS WHO HAD SUCH POOR GRADES IN SCHOOL, THAT THEY WENT FOR JOURNALISM .    WHY DON’T YOU CHECK OUT THEIR SCHOOL GRADES .  



Now why am I talking about Albert Einstein ( I have NOT finished  - it is a long expose  ) in a Yellapragada post ?

Ladies and gentlemen—just to show the MAYA world you are living in—where you live a LIE.

Ask any child— Who is the biggest saint on this planet ?

99% the answer in India and abroad will be Mother Teresa.

Wanna know who this woman is ?

Punch into Google search-
DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA VADAKAYIL  .



It is now time for the main stream media presstitutes to take a back seat . 


R controlled media cry from the roof tops that the  subject of the equivalence of mass and energy , contained in a third paper published by Einstein in 1905 ( E=MC^2 ) is THE most spectacular conclusion by a human being—when it was already penned down in the Vedas 7000 years  ago—and by many others since Newton .

 Austrian physicist Friedrich Hasenöhrl had published a paper on the topic in 1904 in the VERY SAME JOURNAL  Annalen der Physik , USING THE SAME EQUATION E=MC^2  in which Einstein would publish his plagiarized version in Sept 1905.  For his brilliant work in this area,  Hasenöhrl had received in 1904 a prize from the prestigious Vienna Academy of Sciences.

The math equation and relationship of mass / energy was a simple deduction from the already well-known equations of Scottish physicist James Clerk Maxwell.   Scientists long understood that the mathematical relationship is expressed by the equation E=MC^2.   Maxwell died in 1879 AD.  

Lorentz, Michelson, and Morley reached the conclusion that the velocity of light was independent of the velocity of the observer..  In 1880, the Irish physicist George FitzGerald, who had also first proposed a mechanism for producing radio waves, wrote a paper which stated that the results of the Michelson-Morley experiment could be explained if, ”…the length of material bodies changes, according as they are moving through the either or across it by an amount depending on the square of the ratio of their velocities to that of light.”

The idea that speed of light is a constant and is independent of the motion of its source was proposed first by James Maxwell in 1878 AD.  James Maxwell wrote an article to this effect for the 1878 edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica.

Albert Einstein is credited with this by R monopolized peer reviewed media..


Italian Olinto De Pretto from Venice had published the equation E=mc^2 in a scientific magazine, Atte, in 1903. 

Henri Poincaré  had developed the theory of relativity  earlier than  Einstein's 1905 paper on relativity.  When Einstein was asked about Poincare , he asked “Poincare who ?”  He pretended he never heard of this famous genius.  

Then how did Poincaré's ideas – say- the speed of light is a limit and that mass increases with speed – land up in Einstein's paper, "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies" ? Nobody dared to ask.

Einstein had read Poincare's work on relativity up to 1902.   It is on record that Einstein said that it kept him and his friend Maurice Solovine "breathless with excitement for weeks".    

While Poincaré was busy bringing the rest of the academic world up to speed regarding relativity, Jew Einstein was still working in the patent  office in Bern and no one in the academic community thought it necessary to give much credence or mention to Einstein’splaigiarised  work. Most of these early physicists knew that he was a moron and a  fraud.

The equations of general relativity were by David Hilbert . Hilbert made the critical mistake of sending the equations in a letter to Einstein.  For a long time, it was believed that Einstein and Hilbert found the field equations of gravity independently.  While Hilbert's paper was submitted earlier than Einstein's, it only appeared in 1916, well after after Einstein's field equations paper had appeared in print ,thanks to R.

At that time Einstein was lecturing merrily and using the wrong equations.   Immediately after receiving Hilbert's letter, Einstein claimed to have "independently rediscovered" the very same equations of general relativity!    Einstein did not solve the equations either. The three famous tests of relativity used the solution obtained by Karl Schwarzschild, with no credits .

The 7000 year old Vedic theory that “energy and matter are inter convertible “ was known to Newton ("Gross bodies and light are convertible into one another...", 1704).  

The equation E=MC^2 was also known by  Samuel Tolver Preston . In his book Physics of the Ether (1875) he claimed that if matter is subdivided into ether particles, they would travel at the speed of light and represent an enormous amount of energy. In this way, one grain of matter would contain energy equal to 1000 millions of foot-tons.

Einstein did not cite Dutchman Hendrik Antoon Lorentz in his  paper "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies"(1905).  Einstein feigned complete  ignorance of Lorentz's work which derived the transformation equations subsequently used by Albert Einstein to describe space and time.   All throughout the 1890’s, both Lorentz and FitzGerald worked on these ideas and wrote articles strangely similar to Einstein’s Special Theory detailing what is now known as the Lorentz-Fitz Gerald Contraction.

Einstein did NOT give any credit to his Math teacher Hermann Minkowski. Einstein ran away from Minkowski’s advanced courses on mathematics, as he could NOT grasp it.  Minkowski had reformulated special theory of relativity (STR) in terms of a four-dimensional space-time manifold.   

Einstein smirked to R media  “ I consider Minkowski’s reformulation of my theory to be no more than “superfluous erudition and since he pounced on my relativity theory I no longer understand myself.”


That there was an equivalence between mass and energy had been shown in the laboratory in the 1890s by both Joseph JohnThomsom and by Walter Kaufmann.


There are many other scientists whose works were usurped Einstein failed to mention -- Woldemar Voigt,  August Föppl, Joseph Larmor, Emil Cohn, Max von Laue, Gilbert Newton Lewis ,  Richard Chase Tolman , Gauss,  Riemann, William Kingdon Clifford, Ricci, Levi-Civita, Paul Gerbe  etc.


Most of the components of Einstein's paper appeared in others' anterior works on the electrodynamics of moving bodies. Poincaré and Alfred Bucherer had the relativity principle. Lorentz and Larmor had most of the Lorentz transformations, Poincaré had them all. Larmor and Cohn alluded to the dilation of time. 



All knew that Einstein had been studying Poincaré's 1902-book Science and hypothesis well before 1905, which included:

--detailed philosophical assessments on the relativity of space, time, and simultaneity
--discussion of the reliance on conventions regarding the use of light signals for the synchronization of clocks
--the definition of the principle of relativity and the conjecture that a violation of that principle can never be detected empirically
--the possible redundancy of the ether hypothesis
--detailed remarks on the physical status of non-Euclidean geometry.

Any idiot who has read Einstein’s 1905 paper will immediately recognize the similarity and the lack of originality on the part of Einstein.

The experiments of Thomson, Kaufmann and Hasenorhl confirmed Maxwell’s work – How can Einstein lift work without doing a single laboratory experiment ? By dreaming like Mungerilal ?



See how R monopolized peer reviewed magazines played king maker for Jew Einstein .

The whole scientific world knew that Albert Einstein did not have the laboratory necessary to conduct the appropriate experiments or even knowledge of Math.  Those days you could be eliminated if you stick your neck out too much opposing R stooges ..such was the fear  psychosis.

The truth of space time dilation is mentioned our Vedas 700 years before .  That a twin launched into space on a ship traveling near the speed of light would find on his return that he had aged more slowly than his brother left at the surface. 

In fact the Vedas story goes faster than light and the story is more lucid  . How has Einstein found this out , with his poor abilities in Math ? He does NOT have a fractal math brain !

Today the west have acknowledged the brilliance of the Vedic Maharishis.  In 1976, the Smithsonian Astrophysical Observatory launched a rocket that carried a clock 6,000 miles away from the ground, where the pull of gravity is weaker.  When the clock returned to the surface, it had sped up -- compared to clocks on the ground -- by about one second every 70 years.  Time dilation over great distances has also been measured in clocks flown around the world on airplanes and sent to Mars on spacecraft.   Satellites in orbit must compensate for it to keep GPS networks functioning properly.

Let me just quote one of them from Srimad-Bhagavatam 9.3.28-32

There is a story of a king named Kakudmi, who was able to travel to the world of Brahma and experience Brahma’s scale of time.

Taking his own daughter, Revati, Kakudmi went to Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka, which is transcendental to the three modes of material nature, and inquired about a husband for her. When Kakudmi arrived there, Lord Brahma was engaged in hearing musical performances by the Gandharvas and had not a moment to talk with him. 

Therefore Kakudmi waited, and at the end of the musical performances he offered his obeisances to Lord Brahma and thus submitted his long-standing desire.



After hearing his words, Lord Brahma, who is most powerful, laughed loudly and said to Kakudmi,--“O King, all those whom you may have decided within the core of your heart to accept as your son-in-law have passed away in the course of time. Twenty-seven catur-yugas have already passed. Those upon whom you may have decided are now gone, and so are their sons, grandsons, and other descendants. You cannot even hear about their names.”

Below:  Lord Brahma enjoying a dance performance , with king Revata ( Kakudmi) and daughter ( Revati ) waiting 



King Kakudmi’s visit to Brahmaloka took 27 times 4,320,000 earth years.  Brahma’s time King Kakudmi’s visit lasted 3,456 seconds, or just under an hour.  The king had had to wait for a musical performance to finish before having a brief conversation with Lord Brahma.

Below : King Kakudmi and daughter Revati doing faster than light vimana travel to meet Lord Brahma -- blatantly lifted by the white physicist .



 If something travels faster than light, it means that it can penetrate any matter as though it wasn’t there.  Therefore scalar waves pervade all matter and cannot be shielded against by Faraday cages . Vedic healing waves ( lifted by Reiki ) waves pass through the earth.

Punch into Google search-

SHIVKUR BAPUJI TALPADE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL



I do NOT wish to repeat myself about Einstein being very poor in math.    

I will now say that Albert Einstein was biologically INCAPABLE of doing math.   

He outsourced his math to his first wife Serbian Mathematician Mileva Maric (older than him by 4 years ) , Marcel Grossmann,  Satyendranath Bose and the students of Calcutta University—the Indian vice chancellor would be knighted by R in gratitude.  

The whole world knows that Einstein married his first Serbian wife to do his Math. Einstein actually told his close friends and it is his own words. He ditched her when he got a man better than ( Marcel Grossman )  her to do his math.

Mileva told a Serbian friend, "we finished some important work that will make my husband world famous."

She knew that her husband was two timing her with his cousin Elsa Loewenthal, who already had 3 children and whom he had been humping on the quiet for 4 years .

Sex maniac Einstein was also FU#KING  Margarete,  Estella, Ethel, two women both named Toni, Betty —and several others .

In 1916 Einstein demanded a divorce and Mileva collapsed on the spot, never to recover again.

Below: Einstein with Mileva .  "On the Electrodynamics of Moving Bodies", was published on June 30, 1905.  While developing this paper, Einstein wrote to his wife Mileva about "OUR work on relative motion".  This evil man disowned her  .  This paper introduced the special theory of relativity, a theory of time, distance, mass and energy which was consistent with electromagnetism, but omitted the force of gravity




Her sister Zorka came to nurse her—even she went into depression knowing the enormity of Einstein’s deceit and selfishness . Zorka would be in a mental sanatorium for two years.   

Below: Einstein with Elsa




Albert Einstein agreed to sign over to Maric any future Nobel Prize money as part of the divorce settlement—for he knew that she would spill the beans about his poor mathematical brain.


I spikk – I take Nobel award – you get all Nobel money, ok ?   WWWOOOOKAY !!

In 1919  observations of a solar eclipse proved the General Theory of Relativity. Rothschild controlled media went on over drive.   Rothschild’s Newspapers ran banner headlines: "Men of Science More or Less Agog." 



Mileva Maric was 44, divorced, and bedridden . She was the quintessential curry leaf . His sons  Hans Albert 15 and  Eduard 9 were in deep depression-- their tiny worlds were ripped asunder !
 .  



Above :  Before marriage Einstein referred to Mileva as "a creature who is my equal and who is as strong and independent as I am"—and that he is embarking on an intellectual partnership.  The original manuscript of the “The Theory of Relativity” submitted for publication had Maric's name on it as co-author.

Albert Einstein  40, a world-famous figure -- a super star-- and had a new wife.  


Eduard would become mad and be institutionalized medically for schizophrenia and died in a mental asylum. Hans became a professor of hydraulic engineering at the University of California, Berkeley, having NIL interaction with his famous father. 

Einstein did NOT have children with his second wife.   His first illegitimate child just disappeared. See how god strikes back ! 

Einstein died alone, unloved .  His second wife had caught him two timing her with Betty Neumann.

Deeply unhappy ferom inside Albert Einstein’s view of marriage was “Marriage is the unsuccessful attempt to make something lasting out of an incident.” 


Einstein died at a hospital in Princeton, New Jersey, on April 18, 1955, with only a nurse present at his deathbed. She said that just before his death he mumbled several words in German that she did not understand. 

He was cremated without ceremony ( for such a super star ) on the same day he died at Trenton, New Jersey, in accordance with his wishes, as he had become a Hindu for mental peace . His ashes were scattered at an undisclosed location.




Abram Joffe, a Soviet physicist who knew Einstein, in an obituary of Einstein, wrote, "The author of [the papers of 1905] was ... a bureaucrat at the Patent Office in Bern, Einstein-Marić".   But R press pooh poohed it by lying that it was a usual custom for Jews to attach the names of their wives at surname— OH FU#KIN’ YEAH ?

But people who knew this man NEVER wondered how he was never ever able to produce any physics in par with a world class work of 1905.





In 1919, during a total solar eclipse, Sir Arthur Eddington performs the first experimental test of Albert Einstein’s general theory of relativity.  

This theory just repeats what is in our vedas  that space and time were relative, forming a four-dimensional continuum called spacetime and warping of space time due to gurutwakarshan.   

Einstein had lifted from the Vedas that  light should not travel in a perfectly straight line.  Light rays are warped by an object’s gravitational field.  

Since Newton had in possession this Vedic information, he too predicted ( sic )  light would bend due to gravity,  but only by half as much as Einstein’s theory predicted. 

The bending of light around massive objects is now known as gravitational lensing . This is how we were able to note the existence of stars behind the sun in our ancient scriptures which deal with astronomy .

I have posted about above matter nearly more than 4 years ago.

Punch into Google search-

INVISIBILITY  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Above: Ticker tape parade for Einstein in USA arranged by R

WELL ,  I PROMISED TO EXHUME TRUE WORLD HISTORY , RIGHT ?    I HAVE JUST NOW LEAPFROGGED TO 1.30 % -- SUCH IS THE ENORMITY OF THE TRUTH ABOVE  . 

Do you want 100% proof.

The CHOOTS from the west have dated Mahabharata war based on a solar eclipse on the 13th day of the war at Kurukshetra.

During the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC, on the 13th day, Krishna ostensibly used the Solar eclipse to force Arjuna to kill Jayadratha who killed Arjuna's son, in the Chakravyuh maze.

There was NO solar eclipse.  All the stalwarts participating in the war knew astronomy and they predicted NO solar eclipse .

The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC explains the solar eclipse well. Panchavimsa Brahmana speaks of four different stages of an eclipse. It describes beautifully the changing colours during the solar eclipse.

Arjuna had sworn to kill Jayadratha before sunset failing which he will commit suicide. The Kaurava army was successful in keeping Arjuna away from Jayadratha and sunset was nearing.

So Lord Krishna sent his Sudarshana Chakra which is a scalar interferometry based spinning discus, which created an severe inversion in the atmosphere. This was in the low power ENDOTHERMIC MODE .



The atmospheric refraction reversed ,and the sun suddenly dipped below the visible horizon causing absolute darkness. At this time there was a mighty cheer among the Kaurava ranks and Jayadratha peered out of his tent.


As per the rules of Dharma Yuddha it is NOT possible to kill an enemy after sunset.   As soon as Krishna saw Jayadratha he commanded Arjuna to behead him with an arrow and immediately restored the atmospheric refraction the usual way. 



The sun suddenly came up above the visible horizon.

In the high power EXOTHERMIC MODE the Sudarshan Chakra could bend space time and cause a REAL SOLAR ECLIPSE.

Lord Krishna had created an illusion !



When electricity was invented and it gave man a WEE shock , all cried WOW !

When nuclear bomb was invented and tried on Japan all cried WOW WOW !!

The real power of brahmAn, the Hindu god ( Advaita ) can boil of all the oceans on this planet in seconds—how many WOW WOW WOW will you give this?  Probably a trillion trillion ? 



Albert Einstein lied all his life about his first "illegitimate" girl child Lieserl.  He did this most foul  and unpardonable thing  to his own child, just so that society should think well of him, as a man of integrity .

Does this Jew have any integrity or character? I ask you to judge this R sponsored Jew at the end of this super long post.

Now I have to up the ante, without as much as by your leave.

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL  DECLARES  THIS  ON 15th AUGUST 2014 --- ALBERT EINSTEIN WAS THE LEAST INTELLIGENT OF ALL THE 20TH CENTURY SCIENTISTS—   NEVER MIND HE WAS VOTED AS SCIENTIST OF THE CENTURY BY R REMOTE CONTROLLED AND JEWISH OWNED TIME MAGAZINE  .

I will give irrefutable proof !


The original manuscript of the “The Theory of Relativity” submitted for publication had his Serbian wife Mileva Maric's name on it as co-author.  

Albert Einstein was a hoax and fraud saddled on this planet by Rothschild to promote Jews as being a superior race, sort of Nazism in reverse, to show the middle finger to Hitler and “Aryan” Germans.

Einstein was planted in the Swiss Patent’s office with an assurance that as long as he copies ideas , without  copying it verbatim, the R monopolized peer reviewed magazines  would make sure he is in the clear.   

Bill Gates, pulled the same thing off . He legally won the claim of having innovated the windowing software that, despite its bugs, bears a striking resemblance to the earlier software of Apple Macintosh.

Below: Einstein with Rabindranath Tagore --birds of the same feather flock together.




Punch into Google search-

A NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE VADAKAYIL

Below :  Einstein with Chitpavan Jew –nay- Brahmin , Maharishi Karve



Punch into Google search-
COMMUNISM AND THE JEWS ROTHSCHILD FUNDS  VADAKAYIL




Below: Friends of R



Below: With Ben Gurion--  friends of R



R man Albert Einstein’s brain was preserved in a jar by Dr. Thomas Stoltz Harvey, the pathologist who performed the autopsy on Einstein.   Harvey found nothing unusual with his brain nor did anybody else after extensive scanning and photographing .

But hey, after several years something swelled . 

No, it was NOT his prick— you dirty minded readers 

-- it was a  part of his brain responsible for math genius. 

So, so --  in 1999  analysis by a team at McMaster University revealed that his parietal operculum region was missing and, to compensate, his inferior parietal lobe was 15% wider than normal.  

R controlled media went crazy with excitement !

Oh boy ! Now we know what a math genius Einstein was !!.

For this inferior parietal region is responsible for mathematical thought.  


Below:  The inferior parietal lobule lies below the horizontal portion of the intraparietal sulcus, and behind the lower part of the postcentral sulcus.   

TANG TAH DAAANG !










Below: The actual brain of Albert Einstein.




We all remember the great hoax of the Peking man to prove R sponsored Darwin’s theory of evolution and missing link right. 

WHICH IS THE GREATEST ROTHSCHILD HOAX ON THIS PLANET?

It is about R--- the father of Commies attempt to delete God !!

-- for Jewish Bolshevik revolution created R Communism says , there aint NO God!!!

To prove that Free Mason Charles Darwin is right that god did NOT create man, false evidence had to be created , exported , imported and manufactured about human evolution( sic!). 

It was necessary to find Darwin’s missing link between ape and man— and baffle the spiritual world.. Enter EVIL pseudo jesuit father Tielhard de Chardin. This man was a fake Christian padre, and a stooge of Rothschild.

He was a trained Geologist and he scouted all over China looking for the missing link — but actually secretly charting China’s abundant reserves of minerals and natural resources for Rothschild to grab.

Can you imagine what I am talking about here?

A FAKE Peking man and a Piltdown man --as  “missing Darwin links” was manufactured to fool the world. Father Tielhard de Chardin would first find the Piltdown Man — the missing link from a gravel pit at Piltdown, East Sussex, England in 1912.

This immoral man fooled the world with  a  super paleoanthropological hoax. The Piltdown man skull was constructed with the  lower jawbone of an orangutan with filed down teeth, deliberately combined with the skull of a fully developed modern human.  He faked the appearance of age by staining the bones with an iron solution and chromic acid.

The Piltdown man was to represent an evolutionary missing link between apes and humans, since the combination of a human-like cranium with an ape-like jaw tended to support the notion then prevailing in the West  that human evolution began with the brain.

He would also fool the whole Western world with great funda on Consciousness, Spirit, Mind over Matter etc—all lifted from the Hindu Vedas and Upanishads, without any understanding.




In December 1929, in a cave near Peking,  our Jesuit priest Pierre Teilhard de Chardin would uncover a prehuman bones -- again. 






The Rothschild monopolized media sang the praises of this fake discovery , Peking Man and  acclaimed this as the missing link between erect hunting apes and our Cro-Magnon ancestors. 



“Peking Man,”was a just a pathetic  and crude use of monkey bones he had modified to look “human”.

Below: Grinding machine and super glue skull!



 

On April 17, 1955, Albert Einstein died due to  aortic aneurism at the age of 76 at Princeton Hospital.  Einstein had contracted syphilis in the past, due to his vast sexual dalliances.  

Syphilitic aortitis is associated with the tertiary stage of syphilis infection.  

Syphilitic aortitis leads to an aortic aneurysm. 

Somewhere they have stores Albert  Einstein's brain (dissected in 240 parts at autopsy) .

I would suggest they check the brain properly for cerebral aneurysm. .  


The nurse by his bed side had spoken about his blabbering in German towards the later stages. 

The brain can be checked for treponema pallidum ( spirochaete bacterium  ) with subspecies that cause treponemal diseases such as syphilis.

Earlier, he had strangely refused further treatment saying- 'I have done my share, it's time to go'.

All knew of his strange friendship with Catapano, a syphilis researcher.

The day after his death R controlled media splashed –“The cause of death was a big blister on the aorta, which broke finally like a worn-out inner tube.'" 

By the way-- an aneurysm that occurs in the chest portion of the aorta is called a thoracic aortic aneurysm. An aneurysm that occurs in the abdominal portion of the aorta is called an abdominal aortic aneurysm.




Wanna know more about the propaganda about Einstein’s brain by R media ?

Punch into Google search-
MUSIC AND EARLY BRAIN DEVELOPMENT  VADAKAYIL

Check this out.   Why is it always emphasized that Einstein was a Jew?  Will the R controlled  media ever do this for a Hindu or a Muslim or a Christian , after all Einstein the NOT the only guy who invented something ?

Jews in Israel are NOT original Palestinians who look like Jordanians  -they subscribe to Babylonian Talmudism ( deceptively labeled to as 'Judaism').

Is there a reason why a Talmudic Khazar was LIFTED TO THE STATUS OF A HUMAN DIETY worthy of the most grandiose praise ?

You will soon find out about R system of dishing our rewards. Einstein was a great supporter of the Zionist movement and the Bolshevik R Communists .

Punch into Google search-

EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION VADAKAYIL



Through out his life Einstein had made outlandish remarks on science subjects.    Many brilliant scientists suspected him to be a moron, but then how could the entire media and peer reviewed magazines ( all secretly controlled by R ) be wrong?    And they had the gut feeling that it was better to remain quiet out of self preservation .

They all knew that by 1904, everything in "Einstein's paper" regarding the Special Theory of Relativity had already been published.   

In Einstein's 1905 papers was the photon theory of light. The photoelectric effect is the release of electrons from certain metals or semiconductors by the action of light- that light is emitted and absorbed in finite packets called quanta.    But then all this was already explained by Wilhelm Wein and Max Planck.   The photoelectric effect had been explained by Heinrich Hertz in 1888 and Philipp Lenard too.

After the plagiarized 1905 papers of Einstein were published, the entire scientific community just kept quiet , such was R’s clout . 

R’s peer reviewed media  could destroy anybody’s career –nad if things did not work out there would be more severe retribution .   Einstein coolly continued his job at the patent office until 1909 .

In 1912, Einstein outsources his Math .  He got his gravitational theory proved in terms of  recently developed Calculus, which was conducive to understanding relativity.  His brain could NOT handle advanced Calculus.  This his General Theory of Relativity, which he would publish in 1915.

By the way , as I said -- Calculus was NOT invented by Isaac Newton.  This thief just lifted it from an ancient Indian Math book.

The General Theory of Relativity applied the principles of relativity to the cosmos . This was basically about the gravitational pull of planets and the general principle that light rays bend as they pass by a massive object. 

Einstein published an initial draft paper in 1913 based upon the work which Marcel Grossmann (  his Math man ) did, adapting the math of Berhard Riemann to Relativity.  But this paper was filled with errors and the conclusions were incorrect.

Einstein published his correct General Theory of Relativity in 1915.  Most of this was plagiarized from the works of David Hilbert and Felix Klein. .

DAVID HILBERT HAS SUBMITTED  FOR PUBLICATION, FIVE FULL DAYS  BEFORE ALBERT EINSTEIN COMPLETED HIS WORK,   A PAPER WHICH CONTAINED THE CORRECT FIELD EQUATIONS, OF GENERAL RELATIVITY.   

Einstein presented his paper on November 25, 1915 in Berlin and Hilbert had presented his paper on November 20 in Göttingen.

OF COURSE WITH R’s HELP EINSTEIN COULD PEEK ANYWHERE , EVERYWHERE , ANYTIME .

The entire scientific world knew that David Hilbert wrote basically the exact same paper, with the same conclusions, before Einstein did. They kept mum. This is what happens when you develop FEAR.

They all knew that David Hilbert's paper was the forerunner of the unified field theory of gravitation and electromagnetism and of the seminal work of Erwin Schrödinger, whose work is the basis of all quantum mechanics.  


David Hilbert had declared publicly "Every boy in the streets of Gottingen knows more about 4-dimensional geometry than Einstein".  Everybody knew that  Einstein was  utterly ignorant about the philosophy of time and space.   Hilbert just put his finger on the obvious  how could this moron have come up with such a profound theory as special relativity?

Schrodinger had to be punished as he wrote a public letter expressing his support for the Third Reich of Hitler.  Later in life Einstein the moron , would keep running down this genius .

All knew that Einstein contributed NOTHING original to the field of quantum mechanics, nor any other science.   They knew that Einstein stole the ideas of others,  and the R-controlled media made him a 'star' 

The Encyclopedia Britannica says of Einstein's early education that he "showed little scholastic ability."  It also says that at the age of 15, "with poor grades in history, geography, and languages, he left school with no diploma”.   In 1895, Einstein failed a simple entrance exam to an engineering school in Zurich. 

This exam consisted mainly of mathematical problems, and Einstein showed himself to be mathematically inept in this exam.   Einstein was sent to the Swiss Federal Polytechnic School (now known as the Eidge nösiche Technische Hochschule, or ETH) by the Rothschild banking syndicate.   When Einstein FAILED in the admission test, Rothschild PULLED STRINGS and got him admitted.

Before the second world war, in 1940, a group of German physicists met at Austria declared that the emperor is NOT wearing clothes-  pissing of R.

They declared-
“ Much before Einstein, Aryan scientists like Lorentz, Hasenöhrl, Poincaré, etc., had created the foundations of the theory of relativity. The Jewry monopolized  media did not promote the work of these men  or the  work of David Hilbert, but instead they promoted the work of the Jew Albert Einstein”



Above: The face of Nikola tesla who invented AC electricity or William Shockley who invented the transistor should have been here. 

All know that Albert Einstein, he did not discover theories; he just commandeered them, like Edison

Einsteins problems with his health became worse when in 1954, Sir Edmund Taylor Whittaker, an English mathematician and historian of science, credited  Poincaré with the equation E=mc^2, and he included a chapter entitled The Relativity Theory of Poincaré and Lorentz in his book A History of the Theories of Aether and Electricity.  

He credited Poincaré and Lorentz, and especially alluded to Lorentz's 1904 paper (dated by Whittaker as 1903), Poincaré's St. Louis speech (The Principles of Mathematical Physics) of September 1904, and Poincaré's June 1905 paper.  Whittaker attributed to Einstein's relativity paper WEE importance, i.e., the formulation of the Doppler and aberration formulas. 

On Einstein's 1905 paper he stated that it "set forth the relativity theory of Poincare and Lorentz with some amplifications, and which attracted much attention”— the domino effect set off by the Jews had now stooped,  jolting Einstein.

In 1984 Clifford Truesdell wrote that a colossus like Whittaker attributing EINSTEIN'S ETCHED ON ROCK and COLLECTIVE JEWISH SPLEENS formula E=MC^2 to Poincaré pissed off the Jews .  
He "aroused colossal antagonism by trying to set the record straight” on the basis of print and record rather than recollection and folklore and professional R remote controlled propaganda,.

In Anatoly Logunov's book he wrote about Poincaré's 1900 article containing the formula E= MC^2. Logunov. He opined that Poincaré's two 1905 papers are any day superior to Einstein's 1905 paper.   He is a brilliant Russian theoretical physicist and was an academician of the USSR Academy of Sciences and Russian Academy of Sciences

There is substantial evidence that Albert Einstein did not write this 1905 paper on the "principle of relativity" alone.   He gave his stolen ideas to his wife, “Mileva Einstein-Marity” and today in this internet age free of R shackles , all suspect that she alone was the  author, of the work

Almost all the letters of Mileva's letters to her husband Albert were destroyed, with there being no more likely reasons for their destruction, than to hide her contribution and the fact that the Einstein works were NOT original.

On May 29th 1919, during the eclipse of the Sun, light from distant stars passing close to the Sun was observed to bend according to the theory.  This is written in our Vedas 7000 years ago. 

Almost every western scientist of value knew this.  This evidence supported the General Theory of Relativity, and R monopolized media immediately made  Einstein  a GOD, at the expense of  David Hilbert.

Using this solar eclipse for leverage , Einstein's earlier 1905 papers were now EXHUMED and Einstein was tom tommed as the fountain head of every idea he had  stolen.   R pulled strings and got Einstein the Nobel prize in 1922.  

In between 1919 and 1922 R monopolized media ran an endless propaganda campaign.  An R stooge Arthur Eddington, with Dyson and Davidson were chosen to photograph the solar eclipse of 1919. The day was rainy and all know that nothing of value materialized. But all knew the results.

All knew that that Eddington doctored the solar eclipse data to make the results conform to "Einstein's" dealy ORIGINAL work on general relativity. All knew that Eddington was not familiar with the basic tenets of science and qualified for the job.

When arm twisted by some scientists Eddington told tongue in cheek-- "May 29 began with heavy rain, which stopped only about noon. Not until 1.30 pm when the eclipse had already begun did the party get its first glimpse of the sun: 'We had to carry out our programme of photographs on faith...'"

Hey, but for the Internet age nobody would have ever known all this.

He just went though the motions- nay-- played to the gallery, like the judge who asked a witness to identify mega star Salman Khan in court.  His selective presentation of data from the 1919 eclipse which supported "Einstein's" general relativity theory is  the BIGGEST HOAX  of the 20th century.   


When asked about the hoax perpetrated in the name of science , Eddington was not to be deterred:  He spAke , with R instilled confidence.  "It looked as though the effort, so far as the Principe expedition was concerned, might have been abortive"; "We developed the photographs, two each night for six nights after the eclipse... The cloudy weather upset my plans and I had to treat the measures in a different way from what I intended; consequently I have not been able to make any preliminary announcement of the result"

SIR Arthur Stanley Eddington was rewarded by R. He was knighted, a Lunar crater was named after him as well as the asteroid 2761, and he received the Royal Medal of the Royal Society.

The entire world Physics community watched silently .  They wittingly perhaps, were engaged in a  silent conspiracy, just by being fearful bystanders . Their silence converted  Einstein's from man to god..  The physics community who were loud and vocal in singing the praises of Einstein received billions in R controlled research grants.  

The silent ones were spared of future agony. 

Even today on the Internet, HASBARAS viciously attack anybody who exposes this fraud—by calling them anti-semitic.  AIPAC and ADL will take them to the cleaners.

The R controlled media and Hollywood still in a super-alert mode endlessly downplays negative news and put a positive spin on Einstein related matters.   

See we Jews are better than Hitler’s Aryans any day. We are the superior ones , NOT  Hilter’s  pussy Aryans.

Einstein now started dabbling in Jew leveraging politics . The world was made to believe that such a brilliant man –nay—GOD—could  change our fundamental understanding of the cosmos , then certainly he was worth a listen.  

The same idea is still being used by big brother.   Chetan Bhagat writes a bullsh#t book and now he is the voice of YOUNG INDIA—this is NOT what young India wants –he comes on prime time TV as tells hapless Indians.

It was strange that after Einstein was promoted to the rank of the “god of science” in 1919, he did NOT do any more plagiarizing .  He now was a mostly mouth piece of Zionism.  He did publish a few works after 1919, but only lent his name to the co- author.  

All knew that Einstein had nothing to do with the research.  He did NOT even understand the work .  It was just be be in the limelight as a deadly brain, still functional.

When hounded by some scientists about his views on  plagiarism , in his 1907 paper, Einstein wrote:
"It appears to me that it is the nature of the business that what follows has already been partly solved by other authors. Despite that fact, since the issues of concern are here addressed from a new point of view, I am entitled to leave out a thoroughly pedantic survey of the literature..."

Oh Boy!

With this pregnant statement, Einstein declared that plagiarism, when NOT copied verbatim and suitably re-packaged, is hunky dory..

In 1921, Einstein went to USA sponsored by R agents for a fund- raising tour for the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.   In April of 1922, R wrangled a  membership for him in a Commission of the League of Nations.   In  1923, Einstein made a high profile visit to Jerusalem—the ancient land of the Jews ( sic ).

Not many people know that in 1952, Einstein, who had been instrumental in carving out the State of Israel, was offered the presidency of Israel..

Nikola Tesla the No 1 super genius of this planet had publicly said the Einstein is a fake - just like Edison.  Till Einstein died R media had a hard time filtering out his stupid statements.    

Why do you thing Stephen Hawking is touted by R media as the second Einstein?   Because this man keeps praising Einstein.    

He still vehemently supports from his wheel chair , the discredited solar eclipse experiment at West Africa in 1919, by Eddington –along with David Levy..  He suffers from bad karma.  

The doctored data of this solar eclipse of 1919 converted Einstein, to the most intelligent man on planet earth—like how Mother Teresa is the biggest saint on earth.    

See Einstein is beyond all scientific protocol by R’s decree . He is allowed to bend any effin’ rule and get away with it.  Even his sh#t does NOT smell— actually it comes perfumed .

Albert Einstein was once asked, “How does it feel to be the smartest man alive?”, he responded, “I don’t know, you’ll have to ask Nikola Tesla.”

R DELETED Tesla from history –today nobody knows and NO school science book writes ,that Tesla made the most valuable invention on this planet AC electricity.   I do hope Narendra Modi revises our NCERT books.

In 1939 and two years later, R extracted his pound of flesh.  R asked Einstein to write 2  letters to US President Roosevelt urging him to make an atomic bomb to be used on Germany .  This fizzled out , as the English royalty had German blood. 


It took a great effort by Leo Szilard and Eugene Wignerto to explain the the concept of the atomic bomb to dim-wit Einstein, before he could write the letter to US President Roosevelt.

The Roosevelts were Dutch Jews , arriving in New York in 1682 ( Claes Rosenvelt ) Sarah Delano, FDR's mother, was descended from Sephardic Jews.

Einstein was a R communist cell member with spy Klaus Fuchs, who was a critical scientist on the Manhattan Project

Nobody till today asked why  Einstein would have no part in the actual construction of the bomb, theoretical or practical. The reason touted by R media is that Einstein was a pacifist ( sic ). The truth is this moron lacked the skills for either.

When Einstein was asked what he thought about Germany and about re-educating the Germans after the war and said:

"The nation has been on the decline mentally and morally since 1870. Behind the Nazi party stands the German people, who elected Hitler after he had in his book and in his speeches made his shameful intentions clear beyond the possibility of misunderstanding. The Germans can be killed or constrained after the war, but they cannot be re-educated to a democratic way of thinking and acting".

At the age of 73, Einstein declared  'My relationship with Jewry had become my strongest human tie once I achieved complete clarity about our precarious position among the nations'

Instead of saying Mother Teresa as the greatest saint on this planet - 99% Indians would say Gandhi—

But who is Gandhi?

Another FANTASTIC R creation.

Punch into Google search-
GANDHI RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

Read the PART 2 of this post –

Punch into Google search -

DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI VADAKAYIL



Albert Einstein calculated and published a value for the amount of gravitational light-bending in light skimming the Sun in 1911, and the scientific community knew that he had lifted from Johann Georg von Soldner.  
Soldner's  has written in 1801 AD that the gravitational field of the sun should curve the path of light from the stars.


Soldner worked with the Indian Math genius Srinivasa Ramanujan.  He is the No 1 Math genius on this planet, if you leave out ancient Indian Aryabhatta- 2700 BC .   There is a Ramanujan–Soldner mathematical constant defined as the unique positive zero of the logarithmic integral function. I am sure Soldner would have picked up some ancient Vedic astronomy material from Ramanujan's country.  




See,  E=MC^2 formula belong to Einstein— it is etched on the cosmos by R media— if you contest it you will be sued for being anti-Semitic - it is a crime to tell the truth about the history of the special theory of relativity?



Einstein’s paper on Brownian motion explained the random movement of very small objects as direct evidence of molecular action, thus supporting the atomic theory.  The movement had first been observed by the Scottish botanist Robert Brown in 1827 .   

Brown did not provide a theory to explain the motion, as  Dutchman Jan Ingenhousz already had reported a similar effect using charcoal particles, in German and French publications of 1784 and 1785, the phenomenon is now known as Brownian motion.  

In 1785, Ingenhousz described the irregular movement of coal dust on the surface of alcohol and therefore has a claim as discoverer of what came to be known as Brownian motion. Ingenhousz was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of London in 1779.

American Josiah Gibbs and the Austrian Ludwig Boltzmann who first explained this occurrence, not Albert Einstein. In fact, the mathematical equation describing the motion contains the famous Boltzmann constant, k. Between these two men, they had explained by the 1890s everything in Einstein’s 1905 paper regarding Brownian motion.




In 1921 Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, "for his services to Theoretical Physics, and especially for his discovery of the law of the photoelectric effect". This refers to his 1905 paper on the photoelectric effect.   

He just lifted from Philipp Eduard Anton von Lenard a German who was a supporter of Hitler.   A paper by Phillip Lenard in said that the energy of the electrons emitted would not change as a function of the intensity of the light that was directed at an object, but it would increase in response to light of shorter wavelengths.

Max Planck  in a paper written in 1900 and published in 1901 said that  the wave length (or energy) spectrum of the emitted electrons was not continuous. Rather the emitted electrons were to be found only at certain wavelengths. 

To describe this phenomenon and make the equations work, Planck introduced a constant, h, eventually known as Planck's constant. Planck believed that the constant represented only a mathematical manipulation or perhaps a quality of the electrons in a peculiar state in heated bodies.

Albert Einstein's paper on the photoelectric effect was called "On a heuristic point of view concerning the production and transformation of light." A heuristic explanation is one which is adopted because it is useful, though it is not necessarily a description of "reality." Einstein was unable  to carry the implications of his theory to their logical conclusions.

The main point of Einstein's paper for which he is given credit, is that light is emitted and absorbed in finite packets called quanta.  This was the explanation for the photoelectric effect. The photoelectric effect had already been explained by Heinrich Hertz in 1888.  Hertz and Philipp Lenard, worked on understanding this phenomenon.

Wilhelm Wien and Planck were colleagues and they were the fathers of modern day quantum theory. By 1900, Max Planck, based upon his and Wien's work, had shown that radiated energy was absorbed and emitted in finite units called quanta. The only difference in his work of 1900 and Einstein's work of 1905 was that Einstein limited himself to talking about one particular type of energy—light energy. 

But the principles and equations governing the process in general had been deduced by Planck in 1900. Einstein himself admitted that the obvious conclusion of Planck's work was that light also existed in discrete packets of energy. Thus, nothing in this paper of Einstein's was original.

If you ask anybody, who is the MOST EVIL MAN on this planet—99.99% people will say Hitler.

Wanna know who Hitler was ?

Punch into Google search-
WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD VADAKAYIL

Throughout his life Einstein dealt with criticism by making vehement counter accusations of "antisemitism".

For example, on August 27, 1920, the front page of the Berliner Tageblatt, a Berlin daily newspaper, printed the following statement by Albert Einstein:

"Under the pretentious name “Arbeitsgemeinschaft deutscher Naturforscher” [“Working Society of German Scientists”], a variegated society has assembled whose provisional purpose of existence seems to be to degrade, in the eyes of nonscientists, the theory of relativity, as well as me as its originator.... I have good reason to believe that motives other than the striving for truth are at the bottom of this business. (If I were a German nationalist with or without a swastika instead of a Jew with liberal international views, then...)." 

Oh yes—we shall allow our collective imaginations to run ROIT—nay—riot !

Many a time when caught with his pants down cheating , he would strike back with sarcasm.  For example, in 1931 a book was published entitled "100 Authors against Einstein" in which Einstein's theories were refuted.   

Einstein's comment: "If I was really wrong one author should have been enough.".   Einstein never responded to the criticism in this book—reason ? He could not !.




In his defense Einstein wrote a  personal note to Hilbert in 1943, just before his death, claiming that, “It is not my intention to claim the work of others…” – probably alluding to BIG BROTHERS HAND .

The whole world wondered why Albert Einstein remained a fervent supporter of communism .  Only in this internet age people have come to know that Karl Marx belonged to R family.   Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky were all R communists—created and pay rolled by R to bring down the Russian Czar.

Albert Einstein, just lifted and commandeered all his award winning theories.  Today all know that R controlled and pay rolled the editors at Annalen der Physik—and of course owned and maneuvered the Swiss patent office.  I challenge any genius Jew on this planet  to come to India and take an IQ test. 

This thing of repeating a LIE a thousand times and converting it to the gospel truth works NO more, in this internet age.  You try this yourself. Try saying that you have 3 legs over a period of time –and later you will actually start missing your third leg. 

Later on in life R stooge Gandhi really believed that he was a saint --he was really missing his 3rd leg..

Digression:
This is why I ask my readers NOT to call me Guruji--  I am NOT a guru – just  an ordinary man, who loves being simple and understands the joy of being ordinary..   
On ships I commanded when sailors touch my feet before they walked off the ship after a contract, I would be terribly embarrassed.   And I did NOT treat any of them with sensitivity—just let my gut feeling work on the spot ..  
I cant figure out what Mayawati,  Amma etc handles this feet touching  --and why people crave for recognition.
My Chief Officer from Ratnagiri , an Indian Muslim told me this.  He was staying in a 7 star hotel with his wife for honeymoon.   An out of work actor whose grandfather was VERY famous , totally inebriated , with a starlet holding on to him, got into the same lift.  
My Chief officer ( a simple soul)  made the mistake of wishing him good evening.  This man was so happy that he started describing himself and his achievements to impress the starlet whore— and he could NOT walk away without hearing the whole thing .

Aditi (Shreya)August 16, 2014 at 6:58 AM
Today, I spent the whole day trying to edit Wikipedia about Yazidis.But each time they rejected my claim , sources and started calling me Hindu nationalist and Hindu troll! That Matrix movie is soo true, we are living in a matrix within this all consuming Maya. Where every thought and action is manipulated and influenced by a few, that we cant see the reality at all.Only a few see the truth and they are branded , ridiculed as mental,crazy ppl with preposterous theories just for spelling out the truth. Your blog is one of the few places where truth is still respected, the rest have sold their souls to the devil (Some knowingly and others inadvertently). Hahaha looks like GOD has forsaken us! Warriors of truth lose :(
ReplyDelete

RepliesCapt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 16, 2014 at 7:12 AM
hi a,

when BRICS starts our own Internet and Wikipedia, we will deal with this.

Today Rothschild controls the media !

To amend Wikipedia you have to be a white skinned JEW.

To know more about BLASPHEMY on Hinduism propagated by Wikipedia -

Punch into Google search-

HOLI CELEBRATIONS , IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL

Jews have the code to edit Wikipedia.

Meanwhile punch into Google search-
HASBARA , JEWISH PROPAGANDA ON SOCIAL MEDIA WORSE THAN GOEBBELISM VADAKAYIL

and

WIKIPEDIA , BIG BROTHER'S PROPAGANDA MACHINE VADAKAYIL

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Dele
“All perceptible matter comes from a primary substance, or tenuity beyond conception, filling all space, the akasha or luminiferous ether, which is acted upon by the life giving Prana or creative force, calling into existence, in never-ending cycles all things and phenomena.”-  Nikola Tesla, Man’s Greatest Achievement, 1907 (1)(2)

Nikola Tesla was introduced by Swami Vivekananda to  ancient concepts .This is why he used  Sanskrit worlds like “akasha,” and “prana” to describe the force and matter that exists all around us.  These words come from the Upanishads  and Vedas.

Vivekananda wrote a later to Tesla in the late 1800’s :-

“Mr. Tesla thinks he can demonstrate mathematically that force and matter are reducible to potential energy. I am to go and see him next week to get this new mathematical demonstration. In that case the Vedantic cosmology will be placed on the surest of foundations. I am working a good deal now upon the cosmology and eschatology of the Vedanta. I clearly see their perfect union with modern science, and the elucidation of the one will be followed by that of the other.” - Swami Vivekananda (Complete Works, VOL. V, Fifth Edition, 1347, p. 77). (1)

“Swami Vivekananda was hopeful that Tesla would be able to show that what we call matter is simply potential energy because that would reconcile the teachings of the Vedas with modern science. The Swami realized that in that case, the Vedantic cosmology (would) be placed on the surest of foundations. Tesla understood the Sanskrit terminology and philosophy and found that it was a good means to describe the physical mechanisms of the universe as seen through his eyes. It would behoove those who would attempt to understand the science behind the inventions of Nikola Tesla to study Sanskrit and Vedic philosophy.”  – Toby Grotz, President, Wireless Engineering

“Ere many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power obtainable at any point in the universe. This idea is not novel…We find it in the delightful myth of Antheus, who derives power from the earth; we find it among subtle speculations of one of your splendid mathematicians….Throughout space there is energy. Is this energy static, or kinetic? If static our hopes are in vain; if kinetic – and this we know it is, for certain – then it is a mere question of time when men will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheel work of nature.” – Nikola Tesla


“The day science begins to study non-physical phenomena, it will make more progress in one decade than in all the previous centuries of its existence.” – Nikola Tesla


Hey, while taking down Einstein’s pants,  I almost forgot that this post was about poor DELETED Yellapragada Subbarow—

Wait I need to wash my hands— a ritual one— to remove the virtual filth !

IF YELLAPRAGADA SUBBAROW WERE A WHITE SKINNED JEW HE WOULD HAVE GOT TWO NOBEL PRIZES-- AND IF HE HAD R TO SPONSOR HIM ,HE WOULD HAVE GOT THREE NOBEL PRIZES . 

Hardly anybody heard of Yellapragada Subbarow, till he died.

When he died on August 8, 1948, obituaries appeared in almost all major science journals around the western world.


        
Few examples ?

“ One of the most eminent medical minds of the century “ – Herald Tribune.

" A giant among pygmies."-  Jewish Advocate 

 ( for only they know how Hans Karl Heinrich Adolf Lohmann  and his German Jew partner  Otto Fritz Meyerhof got simultaneous credit for discovery of ATP like magic along with Subbarow  ) 





All know R sponsored Otto Fritz Meyerhof  for he bagged the Nobel Prize for "relationship between the consumption of oxygen and the metabolism of lactic acid in the muscle".  

When asked how Yellapragada Subbarow with such a great scientific mind was unnoticed despite so many path breaking inventions and discoveries , they said “ It is his own fault. He never did self promosssann —nay ( being a slimy SOB basically ) — self promotion.

A patent attorney said “ He had NOT followed the routine steps that are adopted by other scientists to link their name to their inventions” --( steal, plagiarize, look over your shoulder, lock your office with 3 locks , media agents to bribe, marketing agents ) 

ALL KNOW HOW MARCONI STOLE FROM JAGDISH CHANDRA BOSE  . 

FINALLY THE SUPREME COURT OF USA RULED THAT MARCONI'S INVENTION GOES TO NIKOLA TESLA -- AFTER ESTABLISHING ITALIAN MARCONI AS A COMMON THIEF , NOT EVEN A PLAGIARIST.

In 1899 JC Bose travelled to London and again demonstrated his work in front of a huge scientific committee, in the Royal Society of London.  

The audience included Lord Rayleigh ,( the Nobel Prize winner of Physics in 1904), JA Fleming , R stooge and Professor of London University who leaked the secrets to Marconi, and Lord Lister President of Royal Society, among other eminent scientists.

He was immediately offered Professorship of Cambridge which Bose refused on the spot, pissing off the powers that be.

Many people had seen thief Marconi in the audience too. 

He was in London when JC Bose lost his research papers from his hotel room, including the circuit diagrams.

Later it was found that Marconi used exactly the same circuit diagram ( Coherer with telephone detector ) invented by Bose. Thief Marconi could NOT explain how this circuit works.

He then gave the lame excuse that a Italian Naval Engineer Solari developed it. Solari when asked to explain , refused point blank and said that he has nothing to do with it.  

Marconi then insisted that Italian professor Timasina drew the circuits, which Timasina again could NOT explain properly. The next man liar Marconi had in line in line was Paolo Castellini , who could also not explain how the circuit works.

JC Bose did NOT want to visit USA and he never did so. Vivekananda tried to set matters straight by taking a copy of JC Bose's work and giving it to his disciple in USA , Sara Chapman Bull, to file for a Patent in USA. Though she filed the application in 1901, the racists at the Patent Office granted it only on 29th March 1904 ( Patent number US 755840 ).

The Marconi scandal was a hushed up scandal that broke in the summer of 1912. It centred on allegations that highly-placed Zionist members of the corrupt Liberal Govt , under Prime Minister HH. Asquith, (who was a Rothschild stooge) were heavily bribed by Rothschild for improper use of information about the Government's intentions with respect to the Marconi Company--

-- knowing that the government was about to issue a lucrative contract to the British Marconi company for the Imperial Wireless Chain, they had bought shares in the Rothschild American subsidiary.

Marconi operating from Chelsmford was synonymous with World Communications in the Morse age—every communications would be eaves-dropped by R agents.

JC Bose should have received Nobel prize twice as a brown Indian. One for radio and the other for P and N type Semiconductors.

If he was a White European Jew sponsored by R , he would have got several Nobel prizes.

    
Athletes cannot be world champions unless their coaches have an elementary knowledge about ATP.

This is why I had penned a post more than 4 years ago .

Punch into Google search-

MUSCLE SORENESS , LACTIC ACID AND ANAEROBIC ATP  VADAKAYIL


 Knowing how people took advantage of Subbharow and leeched off him all his life,  a concerned colleague Nobel laureate in Medicine, George Hitchings said, “Some of the nucleotides isolated by Subbarao had to be rediscovered years later by other workers because Fiske, apparently out of jealousy, did not let Subbarao’s contributions see the light of the day!”

Who is Fiske?

Cyrus Hartwell Fiske was his supervisor who used Yellapragada Subbarow to shine .

Everybody knew that Fiske rode on Subbarow’s shoulders and used reflected glory to personal fame.
Yet, they wanted humble and modest Subbrow to say it himself and point the “you stole from me “ finger at his boss..

So when Fiske was being considered for promotion as Chairman of Biochemistry at the Harvard Medical School,  Subbarao testified  that all the discoveries they had jointly made were due to the ideas of Fiske and he was only a pair of hands .

This is the difference between German Jew Albert Einstein and Indian Niyogi Brahmin Hindu Yellapragada Subbarow.

Subbarow was denied tenure at Harvard and remained without a green card throughout his life, though he would lead some of America's most important medical research during World War II.


There were no other human being in the documented history of biology and medicine ( since Charaka ) who made such a large number of basic discoveries that are  applied so widely.

It is a great indicator , that the Nobel  Committee though they never considered him for an award ( as there we NO patents in his name ) hung Yellapragada Subbarow’s  portrait in their office.


A fungus was named Subbaromyces splendens in his honor by American Cyanamid.  Writing in the April 1950 issue of Argosy, Doron K. Antrim observed, "You've probably never heard of Dr. Yellapragada Subbarow. Yet because he lived you may be alive and are well today. Because he lived you may live longer."





Yellapragada Subbarow NEVER granted interviews to the press.  He NEVER made the rounds of the academies which apportion accolades among the achievers.  He NEVER  went on self marketing lecture tours.


Since Subbarow failed to say “ I invented so and so “— others who were hanging around with him, having zilch brains , went to town claiming his work using their media agents.  And he did nothing to fight the.  Probably this is the reason why he died at a young age of 53.

You must know that the RAMANUJANs LOST NOTEBOOK  is a separate post in Wikipedia by itself – like the prick of Rasputin. 

Because all know that people used his work and claimed world fame.

All in Cambridge were in awe of super genius Srinivasa Ramanujan .  He was the second Indian to become a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1918 ( the first went to Adershir Cursetjee whose father was a Mumbai partner of  opium drug runners Rothschild , and who built the Cutty Sark with teak ).  

However Ramanujan became the youngest Fellows in the entire history of the Royal Society. 

Many bad things happened to Ramanujan in Cambridge, including his work getting stolen. Being a simpleton and a gentleman he kept quiet. 

Just like Nikola Tesla he would keep the proofs in his head. He did NOT make any notebook jottings while he was in England. Whatever he work was published , that was it. 

He published 21 papers there, five of which had Hardy’s name ( who did nothing ) as partner . It took a while for him to catch on.  

His British sponsors would take a solved theorem from him, and pass it on to some Jew in Poland. Then it would be quickly translated to Polish, and the next week, Ramanujam would be asked " Have you heard of a Polish Mathematician by the name of so and so-- because he has done the same work, last year!"

The whole world knows about the LOST NOTE BOOK OF RAMANUJAN . 

This lost work included detailed work on Vedic sciences of  Fractals, predictive modelling of String Theory, worm holes, Golden ratios, faster than light interstellar travel, Mandalas of microcosm and macrocosm like the Fractal Sri Yantra. 

Ramanujan’s deep understanding of Cosmic Consciousness, Fractal connectivity of the Cosmos , fractal collective sub conscious , Akashic memories, Portals, Fractal effect on Gravity for the Theory of everything -TOE, ,  were reflected in his lost work. 

He could pour his heart out only to his wife and they were honourable and dignified people , NOT prone to making allegations.  Even if he felt aggrieved whom was he gonna complain to. Even a letter took 2 months to reach.

Even honourable Nikola Tesla did not make allegations , though he knew the role of Rothschild agent JP Morgan and those who burned down his lab and how Edison and Marconi stole his work.

It is rumoured that the military was behind this lost book, and that Ramanujan was poisoned. All peer reviewed magazines did propaganda that Ramanujan was made of weak stock, and that he had lost couple of brothers and sisters at childbirth. 

Listen why should scientific peer review magazines do personal speculation ?

By 2.5 years in England Ramanujan started having strange illnesses which affected his thinking process Ramanujan died of a strange disease  in Kumbakonam India on April 26, 1920—which the British said was Tuberculosis..

Ramanujan’s  young widow, S. Janaki Ammal, lived in Chennai (formerly Madras) until her death in 1994. 

During his funeral this shy and simple woman who got married to him at the age of 9, broke down in sheer grief and told some of Ramanujan’s well wishers that her husband has told her in sadness , that several of his critical papers were stolen in England.

The lost notebook ( just some 87 loose paper sheets , rest about Fractals were stolen) of valuable work done in India in his final year of his life, was finally found by George Andrews in 1976 in England at Wren Library of Trinity college . 

But for the Internet nobody would have known these things.
 
All his published works has a English parasite attached.  Like Hardy-Ramanujan, Dougall-Ramanujan, Landau Ramanujan etc. Ramanujan’s note books cover the results and theorems about Hyper geometric series, Elliptic functions, Bernoulli’s numbers, Divergent Series, Continued fractions, Elliptic modular equations, Highly Composite numbers, Riemann Zeta functions, Partition of numbers, Mock-theta functions etc 

In the past 2000 years ,  there has been only two Indigo children on this planet , with fractal minds connecting to the fractal cosmos-- one is Srinivasa Ramanujan and the other is Nikola Tesla. 

 Both were done in by RACIST vested interests and literally buried to history.

If Ramanujan was alive for another 5 years , today we would have  had self replicating space crafts racing to the edges of the cosmos and theory of everything / TOE would be in every text book. .

If Nikola Tesla was NOT hounded by CIA and Rothschild stooges we would be powering this world using air as fuel..

ALL THESE WHITE SKINNED VULGAR "PATENT PARTY THIEVES" NEVER IMAGINED AN INTERNET AGE AND A HARD CORE SHIP CAPTAIN WHO COULD EXHUME LONG BURIED TRUTHS .  




Below: When you tell a WHITE LIE a thousand times --it becomes the truth !




DIGRESSION:


Jeet DattaAugust 17, 2014 at 8:28 AM
Namaskar Ajitji,

who is David Cole?
where did he disappear?

Jeet
ReplyDelete


WHEN YOU TAKE ON R – BE PREPARED TO DIE  !

DAVID COLE WAS A JEW WHO EXPOSED  R   .

LET THE WHITE CHRISTIAN HILLY BILLY YANK AND JOHN BULL KNOW , HOW THEY WERE  CONNED  INTO THINKING THAT THEY ARE FIGHTING  FOUGHT FOR QUEEN AND COUNTRY  DURING WORLD WARS ONE AND TWO . .

First punch into google search-

WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD VADAKAYIL


After that watch the FIVE AND A HALF hour  youtube video . 

This will change your life  .



ROOSEVELT , EISENHOWER ,  CHURCHILL ,  STALIN ,  MARX ,  LENIN  WERE  ALL  JEWS  CONTROLLED BY R.


ALL MY READERS WHO WILL NOT SEE THE VIDEO ABOVE AND WILL NOT READ THE POST ABOVE -- 

ARE NOT WELCOME TO ENTER MY BLOGSITE ANYMORE. 





THEY MUST FU#K OFF FOR EVER ! 
     
Use your conscience to decide -what is truth and what is lie!

Below video : Cold stares can cause you to sh#t in your pants ! Marne ka hai kya ?







MARK MY WORDS — WITH RISE OF BRICS,  NARENDRA MODI WILL BE CONVERTED TO ANOTHER HITLER--

YOU ALL HAVE A GENERAL IDEA WHO THESE  R CONTROLLED TV ANCHORS, PRIME TIME MOTH EATEN FACED DEBATERS  AND PRINT MEDIA JOURNALISTS ARE . 



Some of Subbarow's  major discoveries were:

1) FOLIC ACID:(1945): An essential vitamin for the development of growing cells, Blood and Brain. Folic acid cures tropical sprue, which killed his brother. Folic acid is used for preventing and treating low blood levels of folic acid (folic acid deficiency), as well as its complications, including “tired blood” (anemia) and the inability of the bowel to absorb nutrients properly. Folic acid is also used for other conditions commonly associated with folic acid deficiency, including ulcerative colitis, liver disease, alcoholism, and kidney dialysis.  


Women who are pregnant or might become pregnant take folic acid to prevent miscarriage and “neural tube defects,” birth defects such as spina bifida that occur when the fetus’s spine and back don’t close during development.  The US government has since January 1, 1988 required that all flour, pasta and other grain products be enriched with folic acid to stave off spinal-cord defects in newborns. 
 

2)METHOTREXATE:(1948) -It is the underlying drug in many Cancer treatments, is a derivative of Aminopterin which was isolated by Subbarow as anti folic acid substance.  




Methotrexate can  treat cancer that are very severe and that cannot be treated with other medications.  Low dose methotrexate is used to treat a wide variety of non-cancerous diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis, lupus, psoriasis, asthma and inflammatory bowel disease.

3) HETRAZAN:(1947) The medicine for Filariasis, or elephant legs.   Diethyl carbazamin an anthelmintic drug used in the treatment of filariasis in humans. 




Hetrazan, an anthelmintic agent does not resemble other antiparasitic compounds. It is a synthetic organic compound which is highly specific for several common parasites.



 THIS IS REAL TANGIBLE STUFF-- NOT SOME BULLSH#T THEORY !  




India was afflicted  by this painful disease .  AAILLAA cricketeer who got Bharat Ratna will NOT even know what this is !




4) TETRACYCLINES:(1945) these are broad spectrum antibiotics effective against most pathogens. Subbarow isolated Aureomycin, the first ever tetracycline molecule and paved the way for modern tetracyclines. 




These helped to contain and eradicate the Plaque epidemic in India (1994).  Chlortetracycline (trade name Aureomycin, Lederle) is a tetracycline antibiotic, the first tetracycline to be identified.  1945 –credit shared with Benjamin Minge Duggar.  

Tetracycline played a historical role in reducing the incidence of mortality because of cholera. It is sold under the brand names Sumycin, Terramycin, Tetracyn, and Panmycin, among others.

5) ATP:(1929) Dicovery of phosphocreatine and adenosine triphosphate (ATP) in muscular activity, earned Subbarow an entry into biochemistry textbooks in the 1930s.  


It is the high-energy molecule that stores the energy we need to do just about everything we do.   It is present in the cytoplasm and nucleoplasm of every cell, and essentially all the physiological mechanisms that require energy for operation obtain it directly from the stored ATP.   
As food in the cells is gradually oxidized, the released energy is used to re-form the ATP so that the cell always maintains a supply of this essential molecule. When  the body needs energy, ATP is converted into ADP(adenosine diphosphate) and ATP is replenishedby phosphocreatine while the body rests.   

Fiske would not have got the position he did atHarvard but for SubbaRow sharing with him the credit for the method of estimating phosphorus in biological fluids the isolation and characterisation of adenosine triphosphate (ATP) .   

Carbohydrates, fats, and proteins can all be used by cells to synthesize large quantities of adenosine triphosphate (ATP), which can be used as an energy source for almost all other cellular functions. For this reason, ATP has been called an energy “currency” in cell metabolism.  . 




In addition, ATP energy is used for the synthesis of cholesterol, phospholipids, the hormones, and almost all other substances of the body. Even the urea excreted by the kidneys requires ATP for its formation from ammonia.  ATP Energizes Glandular Secretion and  energizes nerve conduction. 

Skeletal muscles can perform extreme feats of strength for a few seconds but are much less capable during prolonged activity. Most of the extra energy required during these bursts of activity cannot come from the oxidative processes because they are too slow to respond. 

Instead, the extra energy comes from anaerobic sources: (1) ATP already present in the muscle cells, (2) phosphocreatine in the cells, and (3) anaerobic energy released by glycolytic breakdown of glycogen to lactic acid.  

Since Subbarow was denied a regular faculty position at Harvard, he joined Lederle Laboratories. 

6) With Szent-Gyorgy , Subbarow isolated Pyridoxine (vitamin B6) which is used to prevent or treat low levels of vitamin B6 . 




Some people who do not get enough of the vitamin from their diets.




7) Isonicotinic Acid Hydrazide against all forms of tuberculosis- this was a disease ravaging USA and this planet .




8) Polymyxin used in cattle feed.




Polymyxin is used for the treatment of Gram-negative bacterial infections. The global problem of advancing antimicrobial resistance has led to a renewed interest in their use recently.  This combination product is used to treat minor wounds (e.g., cuts, scrapes, burns) and to help prevent or treat mild skin infections. This antibiotic works by slowing or stopping the growth of bacteria.


None of our ancient Indian works of great value had the names of authors affixed.  Patenting own work to personally shine was an unknown concept in India.  Stealing others work and patenting in own name was unthinkable in Hindu dharma . This is what the white invader like Newton did—patented our ancient works and destroyed the originals . Indians of high caliber and moral fibre of the of a bygone remained hidden from the public eye,  untouched by any fanfare.

Yellapragada Subbarao was born in an impoverished Telugu family in Bhimavaram district in Old Madras Presidency, now in West Godavari district,  Andhra Pradesh.  He was born as the fourth child amongst seven children to Y. Jagganatham and Y. Venkamma.

Subbarow’s father Jagannatham worked as Revenue Inspector. Subbarow got himself a seat at Madras Medical College.  

During the freedom movement, Subbarow came under the spell of Gandhi .  He started wearing cotton khadi gowns to the surgical theatre, pissing off his white professor of surgery M.C. Bradfield . 

As a result this vindictive man punished Subbarow with a lesser LMS degree instead of a full MBBS degree, although he fared very well in all other subjects in the written examinations.  

He tried to get through Madras Medical service but failed.   Due to grinding poverty he took up a job of anatomy lecturer in Dr. Lakshmipathi's  Ayurvedic College at Madras.  By chance an American doctor who was touring India for Rockefeller Scholarship noticed him .  

In 1923, he got a terse cable from School of Tropical Medicine at Harvard University "You will be admitted in September. No Scholarship."

He was at a loss what to do.  But family and friends supported him..  His family had NO money for his journey and expenses. His mother sold her meager gold jewellery and his wife’s family too contributed .

Subba Row left for America on the ship S. S. Khagar.   Subbarow arrived Boston and walked down the ship's gangway on the cold night of October 26, 1923 , with very little money .  

Dr. Strong ( dean) offered Subbarow some money so that he could register , meet other immediate expenses and settle down . Even with Dr. Strong's support Subbarow could not secure a fellowship.

His LMS medical degree was not enough for getting internship appointment in any of Boston’s Hospitals.  To survive he took up a part time  job of night porter in the Peter Bent Brigham Hospital at a low monthly salary was US $ 50.  He jobs included washing bedpans of patients.

Subba Row was awarded the Diploma of the Harvard University School of Tropical Medicine on June1,1924. . After completing the Diploma Subba Row became interested in biochemistry and started working with Cyrus Hartwell Fiske.

He got his Ph.D. degree in 1930 and a junior faculty position.

After getting his Ph.D in biochemistry, he was not offered a position at Harvard and hence  joined Lederle Laboratories, as director of research in 1940.  Lederle was a division of American Cyanamid in Pearl River. He worked for Ledrle till he died on 9th Aug 1948.  

At Lederle Laboratories  he directed the research that led to the synthesis of folic acid, discovery of tetracycline the first broad-spectrum antibiotic, methotrexate the anticancer drug and diethylcarbamazine the anti-filarial drug.

Dr. Yella pragada Subba Rao's name first came to lime light in 1924.  He developed the “Fiske-Subba Row calorimetric method” to estimate phosphorus in tissues and body fluids .  This easy and accurate  method , debunked the 1922 Nobel prize awardees. The world now noticed this Indian.

In 1930 he got his doctorate (PhD) from Harvard University, U S A for Biochemistry.  Subbarow was helped logistically by Prof. Otto Folin, the head of the Biochemistry Department, who noticed his brilliance .
Some of the anti biotic medicines he developed have his name as a pre-fix ,like "Subbo Mycin", "Subburo Mycin"  etc.  

Dr. Subbarao remained an resident alien in the US and even though he led some of our World War II medical research. His status and loyalty was often challenged by the racist whites as he was an immigrant from India.. .  Despite his isolation of ATP,  Subbarao was denied tenure at Harvard.

Subba Row who laid the foundation for the identification of vitamin B12.

Tetracycline was the first broad-spectrum antibiotic, that is, one effective agains tboth gram-positive and gram-negative germs.  It was more powerful than either Fleming’s penicillin or Waksman’s streptomycin.

Punch into Google search-
EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH VADAKAYIL

With so many path breaking discoveries to his credit,  Yellapragada Subbarao never marketed his work .  

This modest man always sat in the middle rows of the audience and had to be literally pushed to the stage by a colleague to take a bow as each of his researches was revealed to the public.

White Jews have stolen and won Nobel prizes for just some bullsh#t theory.   All of Subbarows work was tangible and practical.   

He quietly came on to the world stage , transformed science and human lives by making a large number of path breaking  major discoveries.  

Forget about Nobel prizes ( he should have got 3 of them ) nobody knows about him even in India. 

IS YELLAPRAGADA WORTH A BHARAT RATNA ?

We have given  CIA spooks and desh drohis Bharat Ratna !!





Bhagwan Das 
Chitpavan Jew Dhondo Keshav Karve          
Bidhan Chandra Roy 
Purushottam Das Tandon      
Zakir Hussain 
Pandurang Vaman Kane        
V. V. Giri
Mother Teresa
Chitpavan Vinoba Bhave
B. R. Ambedkar
Nelson Mandela
Morarji
Satyajit Ray
Gulzarilal Nanda        
Aruna Asaf Ali
Jayaprakash Narayan 
Amartya Sen
Gopinath Bordoloi
Sachin Tendulkar       

What is Bharat Ratna worth today ?

Below: Chappati made waves-- this kick aimed on Bharatmata's heart did not !






WHY IS IT THAT THE PEOPLE OF INDIA DO NOT KNOW THEIR OWN GLORIOUS HISTORY?   WHY IS THE INDIAN SELF LOATHING?

ANSWER:  
BECAUSE OF JUDASES WHO SOLD BHARATMATA FOR NOT EVEN HALF A PIECE OF SILVER  . 

INDIAN MEDIA WERE OUTSOURCED TO ROTHSCHILD’S OPIUM AGENTS OF IMMIGRANT PARSI AND MONEY MINDED MARWARI COMMUNITY – AND THE JEW DNA INDIAN IMMIGRANT COMMUNITIES OF CHITPAVAN BRAHMINS AND KERALA SYRIAN CHRISTIANS .  

EVEN AFTER THE WHITE INVADER LEFT IN 1947, WE STILL HAVE THE BENAMI OWNED MEDIA OPERATING .

TODAY BOLLYWOOD STARS WHO SELL HOMOSEXUALITY ARE GIVEN SPECIAL SLOTS ON PRIME TIME TV.

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE – ALL THE SONS AND DAUGHTERS OF POLITICIANS , TROJAN HORSE NGO OWNERS AND HUMAN RIGHTS ACTIVISTS WHO GOT FREE SCHOLARSHIPS IN OPIUM FUNDED WESTERN UNIVERSITIES.

Punch into Google search-
DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL .




Above: Media's Padma Sri 

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL FOREIGN FUNDED NGO OWNERS.



NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THOS WHO CAME IN THE TOP HUNDRED OF ZIONIST MEDIA FOR REASONS UNKNOWN .

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THOSE WHO GOT FANCY PEACE AND HUMAN RIGHTS AWARDS , SOME SHARING EVEN WITH WHITE PRIME MINISTERS.

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THOSE WHO RECEIVED FALTHU ANNUAL AWARDS FROM BENAMI INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA AND TV . YELLAPRAGADA SUBBAROW IS NOT A FALTHU GUY.



NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THOSE WHO PUSH GAY MARRIAGES ON PRIME  TIME , THE RIGHT OF MAOISTS AND  SUPARI FED DALIT LEADERS WHO GENERALLY GET ANGRY WHEN SOMEONE TRIES TO PRAISE ANCIENT INDIAN CIVILIZATION  —WHOM EVEN ARNAB GOSWAMI DOES NOT INTERRUPT .

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THOSE WHO TRIED TO CREATE A SECOND GANDHI AND TAKE OVER INDIA .

NARENDRA MOSI MUST INVESTIGATE ALL THE CONVERTED PEOPLE WHO  CLAIMED  SC/ ST QUOTA BENEFITS ( A CRIME ) AND LEAP FROGGED OVER THEIR COMPETITION ,  AND KILLED MERIT.

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE ISLAMIC FOREIGN FUNDS IN BOLLYWOOD..  RADHA PARTY ..

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE THE HOMOSEXUALITY PUSH ALLOWED BY THE CENSOR BOARD UNDER BENE ISRAEL JEWESS SAMSON.   HOW BOLLYWOOD ACTORS WHO PUSH HOMOSEXUALITY ARE GIVEN EXTRA COVERAGE ON MAIN STREAM MEDIA AND TV .

NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE THE FOREIGN BANKS AND CORPORATE HOUSES WHO SPONSOR TV EPISODES WHICH TARNISH  BHARATMATAs  IMAGE ABROAD .




NARENDRA MODI MUST INVESTIGATE THE FREE FOREIGN SEX JUNKET PARTY SPONSORED BY EVIL PHARMA..


Why do we trust our main stream media whose REAL owners lie in foreign lands —  who want India to self destruct ?



How many of our Indian or even world presstitutes , the bottom of the cerebral barrel dregs -- are more than the dirt under the finger nail of a certain captain, when it comes to perception and exposure to the planet ( if it is boasting, so be it -- for humility is NOT about having a low estimate of yourself to please your detractors --but rather a right estimate to piss them as$holes off ) ?

Why does it take a ship captain to expose the “the most valuable inidan of those times” Homi Bhabha’s plane was missiled out of the sky— over alps? 

Few weeks back , the same argument I put forward— that only when a plane is missiled out of the sky can the unburnt parts fall so wide spread over several dozen square kilometers—was put forward by the world media  – when the Malaysian plane was missiled out of the sky over Ukraine .

How many of you think that Modi/ Putin were NOT the real target?

Punch into Google search-
HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH  VADAKAYIL

When a certain ship captain wrote that Indian soldiers were eaten by the Japanese soldiers during WW2, all – each and every one—pooh poohed and accused me of manufacturing news for TRP?

TRP?

Sorry , the information on this blog site is FREE—and I do NOT  need TRP—this blog site is read by enough people,  to rival major main stream newspapers .   I do NOT boast and give percentages every day like Arnab Goswami.

I do NOT even correct my spelling mistakes –though it is underlined in wavy red as soon as I type. For , I want readers to see at a glance that I am NOT a presstitute-  rather  a free blogger of the 4th DESH BHAKT pillar of Indian democracy.

As soon as major newspapers  reported that Indian soldiers were indeed eaten by Japs during WW2—then all Indians went HOO HAAA !

Why do you think big brother decided to break this news ?  What was the timing all about when it came to India-Japan relations and financial investments ?

Punch into Google search-
NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE , UNTOLD SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS VADAKAYIL



Why is it that even the Indian Govt does NOT know who the REAL owners of our newspapers , TV etc are?

Why is it that desh drohi foreigners are allowed to edit our national news ? Are there NO laws ?




NARENDRA MODI MUST IGNORE THE WEST PLANTED REPORTS ON MAIN STREAM MEDIA ABOUT CHINA INTRUDING INTO INDIAN TERRITORY  --  

RATHER HE MUST USE FIRST HAND INFORMATION FROM OUR ARMED FORCES INTELLIGENCE UNITS AND SATELLITES .   




IF RABBLE ROUSING MAIN STREAM MEDIA / TV REPORTS ARE FALSE, THEY MUST BE PUNISHED -- THE WEST WANTS AN INDIA-CHINA WAR--- 


Below: Indian women have nothing to learn from this " arre, hum bhi French tum bhi French RINCHET  --majja hai " female -- she wondered how Draupadi could handle 5 husbands when she could NOT handle one.  Probably feet higher than shoulders would have made WEE impact on the nation..





NARENDRA MODI MUST WARN THE MEDIA, THAT IF ARMY CHIEF BACKED BY RELIABLE ARMY INTELLIGENCE RUBBISHES ANY FALSE INTRUSION REPORTS MADE BY MEDIA , THERE WILL BE SEVERE RETRIBUTION UNDER SEDITION LAWS --  




BENAMI FOREIGN SUPARI FED MEDIA CANNOT CRY WOLF AND PLAY AROUND WITH NATION'S SECURITY FOR ULTERIOR DESH DROHI MOTIVES -    

WE INDIANS DO NOT ACCEPT MAIN STREAM MEDIA AS CUSTODIANS OF BHARATMATAs SECURITY--   




WHEN DID THE RABBLE ROUSING MEDIA LAST BOOST THE MORALE OF THIS NATION ?





HAVING BEEN ALL AROUND THIS PLANET FOR 4 DECADES I HAVE NEVER SEEN TV NEWS CHANNELS DOING ENDLESS RABBLE ROUSING WITH FLASHING EVERY THREE SECONDS , FOOTER LINE QUESTION MARKS . 

TODAY TIMESNOW IS ON THE SPECULATION--

“SENDING PAK ENVOY BACK ONLY OPTION ? ”


USUALLY IT WOULD BE--   

 “WILL MODI APOLOGISE TO MUSLIMS ? ”





TODAY TIMESNOW TV IS LITERALLY CALLING THE ARMY CHIEF SUHAG SINGH A LIAR , FOR DENYING THE CHINESE INFILTRATION -- WE INDIANS DO NOT CARE FOR SECURITY INTELLIGENCE REPORTS ORIGINATING FROM JUDAS BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA..





Punch into Google search-

EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS VADAKAYIL





BELOW IS A NATIONAL NEWSPAPER'S HEADLINE


Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 19, 2014 at 8:28 AM

SUBJECT : LESBIAN COUPLE COMPLETE SIX YEARS OF MARRIAGE .
################

SORRY THIS DUO HAS MULTIPLE SEXUAL PARTNERS ARE PREDATORS TOO .

THE JEALOUS WEST WANTS TO RIP INDIA’S SOCIAL FABRIC APART AND DRIVE A WEDGE BETWEEN GENDERS, AND INTRODUCE HOMOSEXUALITY/ GAY MARRIGES TOO FOR GOOD MEASURE .

IT WILL NOT WORK !

Punch into google search -
IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION , LGBT RIGHTS , NEW WORLD ORDER VADAKAYIL .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

IT HAS BEEN ESTABLISHED THAT INDIAN MEN ARE RAPISTS BY THE FOREIGN SUPARI FED MEDIA -- THIS IS TO MAKE ANTI-RAPE LAWS WHERE ANY NAXAL OR TERRORIST WOMAN CAN ACCUSE AN INDIAN SOLDIER DISCHARGING HIS DUTIES IN A HONEST MANNER , WITHOUT PROOF .  


Why am I writing all this in a post about Yellapragada Subbarow?

Just to prove how big brother’s monopolized media makes and breaks at will .

I predict that the COOKED UP Assam violence ( from abroad ) will now demand AFSPA act to be repealed so that foreign funded terrorists can have a free run.   

Is the Indian govt in the dark about the hundreds of TROJAN HORSE NGOs operating in Assam?

Our PM does NOT have any good advisors around him.    

##########

AJIT VADAKAYIL (calicut)

SUBJECT : Sessions court judge suspended after staffer files sexual harassment complain-- the judge ( Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act court) was accused off "inappropriate behaviour'' --allgation that he "stared'' at her in an offensive manner .


WE INDIANS HAVE BEEN DIVIDED BY GENDER BY THE BENAMI INDIAN FRONT MEDIA AND SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES . 

TODAY ANY WOMAN CAN PUT A MAN IN PRISON BY FALSE ALLEGATIONS --WITHOUT WITNESSES FOR SOME FAKE EVENT WHICH HAPPENED YEARS AGO .. 

SOLDIERS ARE UNABLE TO TACKLE FOREIGN FUNDED TERRORISTS / NAXALS AS THEIR WOMEN CADRE ALLEGE MOLESTATION . 

capt ajit vadakayil ..

###############


Einstein's  Brownian motion is at MICRO level.   

In vedic astronomy,  Brownian motion is at the MACRO level --the random walk in orientation of a binary star's orbital plane, induced by gravitational perturbations from passing stars.  Moderns science has proved Rotational Brownian motion observed in N-body simulations of galaxies containing binary black holes.  

At the MICRO level we had MASHI ( ink in Sanskrit and Malayalam  ) NOKKU divinations-which is based on Brownian motion.

What does Saibaba do?   Producing vibhuti ash from a closed fist?    

All over our Vedas it is written that energy and matter is inter convertible.    We do one step further for bodies faster than light— which is yet to be discovered.. where E=K MC ^2

Space time dilation of King Kakudmi’s space travel with his daughter Revati –is lifted by modern science.

Bending of light rays —is all well known in Vedas –Maharishis becoming invisible , Krishna using Sudarshan Chakra to cause sun to go below horizon on 13th day of Mahabharata war etc etc.

Western scientists had this lifted info from Vedas ,  even before  the time of Newton.
*********************************************************************
URIC ACID , OXIDATION OF PURINES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Probably this is the first time , I am starting a new post before I complete a post which I have already started , and is incomplete.

Baaad Capt Ajit Vadakayil !

Well this post would have been a usual answer to a query in the comments column.

But then I realized that this problem of Uric acid in the human body has now become an epidemic.

Modern doctors and evil pharma are minting money.

They do NOT want you to be wise.

You could stand on the roadside of a city in US and count the people as they walk past ( men only ).  Out of every 20 men who walk past, one is suffering from problems with Uric acid , usually Gout.

So what does our quintessential Hilly Billy yank do?

He goes running to a doctor— who prescribes evil pharma’s medicines –to bring down the level of uric acid.

Well Uric acid has to be kept in balance –like what we do in Ayurveda — mostly by controlling the diet and balancing the Tamas Rajas .

If the medicines of evil pharma keeps the Uric acid level too low—then you become senile fast.  And get these fancy modern rich man’s diseases like Alzheimer’s and Parkinson’s disease..

Now this disease has come to India, thanks to the soft drinks they consume like Coke and Pepsi, containing high fructose sugar .

I had posted on this subject—but then I realized that because the post was getting too long, I had ignored the Uric acid bit,  just given a passing mention in one single sentence.



Punch into Google search-

HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP, FATTY LIVER DISEASE, DIABETES  VADAKAYIL
and

FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL



Nowadays I get to watch the MASTER CHEF contest.

Below:  Why is the dish screwed up ?  Errr,  I innovated !--   WOW ! You have balls of steel !!!



People who have eaten nothing more than meat and potatoes – are now trying to prove that they eat the best and the VASTESTESTEST variety of food on the planet—so guys--eat your hearts out !.

Only thing is that all of them dishes pushes them towards gout.

Hey, how about healthy cookin’ ?




WE HAVE ALREADY EATEN OUR MANGY HEARTS OUT ,  AND WE ARE 100% CONVINCED NOW,   THAT EVEN DURING THE STONE AGE YOU ATE ALL THIS FANCY ARTY STUFF !

Hyperuricemia is an excess of uric acid in the blood.  Uric acid passes through the liver, and enters the bloodstream.  


Purines are nitrogen-containing compounds, which are made inside the cells of your body (endogenous).
Or it comes from outside of your body, from intake of foods containing purine (exogenous).  Purines are components of nucleosides, the building blocks of DNA and RNA. 

This is why fermented beer is very bad.

Purine breaks down into uric acid.  Increased levels of uric acid from excess purines may accumulate in your tissues, and form crystals. This may cause high uric acid levels in the blood.

Purines are abundant in meats. 

Excess purine nucleosides are removed from the body by breakdown in the liver and excretion from the kidneys.

When uric acid levels build up and become high, there is an increased risk of developing kidney problems and arthritis .  Some of the most common forms of arthritis are osteoarthritis, rheumatoid arthritis, and gout.
Osteoarthritis is the most common.. It is a degenerative joint disease that frequently develops following trauma or infection of a joint, and it can also occur as a result of aging.

Rheumatoid arthritis is an autoimmune disease in which the body’s immune system starts attacking its own tissues.

Gout  is the most painful form of arthritis.  Deposits of uric acid crystals in the joints cause redness, inflammation, and intense pain.   Most  experience their first gout attack in the big toe, or the metatarsophalangeal joint of the big toe.

King Henry of England had terrible Gout.

Punch into Google search-

MARY MARY QUITE CONTRARY, THE BLOODY MARY VADAKAYIL





I have heard a Olympic champion  say on TV, 25 years ago,  that they usually piss into the swimming pool while training.  Piss combined with chlorine in water aint no good.  Chlorination is used primarily to prevent pathogenic microorganisms from growing. The disinfection byproducts include cyanogen chloride (CNCl) and trichloramine (NCl3).  

Cyanogen chloride is a toxic compound that affects many organs, including the lungs, heart and central nervous system by inhalation.  Uric acid from piss is "an efficient precursor to the formation of CNCl and NCl3.  

Mind it !





Other joints such as the ankles, wrists, fingers, or elbows may be affected.  The pain can be so intense that even the pressure of a light bed sheets cover may be unbearable.

Often, the attack wakes a person from sleep. The toe is very sore, red, warm, and swollen. Attacks often begin in the early morning reach a peak within 6 to 24 hours. Even without treatment, the attacks typically subside spontaneously within several days to two weeks.



Acute gout attacks can also be accompanied by high fever and leukocytosis (elevated white blood cell count.   

Deposits of uric acid (called tophi)  look like lumps under the skin.

Uric acid levels can be measured by a blood test.  Uric acid formation may occur when the blood uric acid level rises above 7 mg/dL.  High uric acid levels can be caused by medical disorders like diabetes, kidney stones, kidney disease, and certain blood disorders.  

When you have a kidney disease, it is not be able to clear the uric acid out of your system, thus causing hyperuricemia.

There are some medications that can cause increased levels of uric acid. These include aspirin, diuretics, vitamin C,  caffeine etc .

Uric acid levels are controlled by the rate of uric acid production ( synthesis in the liver ) and the rate of uric acid excretion via kidneys .

Excretion has the greatest effect on blood uric acid levels, with about 90% of hyperuricemia cases attributed to impaired renal excretion.

Though it is termed as a  "waste product" of purine metabolism, only about 10% of the uric acid that enters a normal human kidney is excreted from the body.   A  healthy kidney returns up to 90% of it to the blood stream.  

Uric acid as one of the most important antioxidants in body fluids, responsible for the neutralization of over 50% of the free radicals in the blood stream.   Uric acid is responsible for maintaining the health of our blood vessel linings. 

This is what ( 85 lakh donation party)  modern doctors do NOT understand.   Like vitamin C, uric acid has a  major role in protecting high-oxygen tissues (like the brain) from damage.

Below : Women suffer less from Gout than men. See the women's lib is now one up above men,when it comes to scoring brownie points 

They must watch the " women's power " video below.  THESE PERVERTED MEN MUST CHANGE THEIR MINDSETS !

 



ARNAB GOSWAMI  WANTS THE 3 MEN IN THE VIDEO ABOVE, TO BE JAILED FOR EVE TEASING !

Gout is more common in overweight people and the risk of gout attacks increases with higher body weights. Overweight persons must lose weight but gradually. Sudden weight loss can act in contradiction by increasing uric acid levels. So, avoid crash dieting.



IF YOU WANT MEN TO CHANGE THEIR MINDSETS --PUNCH INTO GOOGLE SEARCH!




Above:  mE lungi mE right !!  mE family jewels,  mE right !!


Hyperuricemia and gout are both risk factors for kidney or bladder stones (urolithiasis). Both conditions increase the risk of forming not only uric acid stones, but also the more common calcium oxalate stones.  The presence of calcium oxalate stones is 10-30 times higher in gout patients than those without gout.  Prior to the development of uric acid lowering treatments, kidney disease occurred in up to 40% of gout patients; renal failure was the usual cause of death in 25% of these patients.

Levels of uric acid may increase in the blood if a patient has kidney damage leading to poor excretion of uric acid, or if there is an over production of uric acid in the blood due to ingestion of excessive purine-rich foods.  

Creatinine level will not increase until about 45-50% of kidney function is lost as our kidneys have very strong compensatory ability. High creatinine and high uric acid levels are two symptoms of kidney disease.
The urine carries salts, including calcium oxalate, uric acid, cystine, or xanthine.   These salts can become extremely concentrated if there is not enough urine, or if unusually high amounts of crystal-forming salts are present. 

This is why it is important to drink water. Alcohol dehydrates your body.

Normally, urine contains substances that may protect against stone formation, including:
Magnesium
Citrate
Pyrophosphate
Enzymes

These substances allow salt in the urine to be at higher-than-normal concentrations without forming crystals . They prevent crystal formation - coat the crystals and prevent them from sticking to the surface of kidney tubes  Not having enough of these protective substances can cause stones. . 

Changes in the acid balance of the urine can affect stone formation. Uric acid and cystine stones mainly form in acidic urine. Calcium phosphate and struvite stones increase in alkaline urine.  This is why things have to be in balance.

HFCS used as a sweetener in soft drinks , promotes a rise in uric acid levels in your bloodstream.

Primary hyperoxaluria is an inherited disorder in which too much oxalate in the urine is the main problem.
Secondary hyperoxaluria results from specific conditions that cause high levels of urinary oxalate.
Secondary hyperoxaluria is usually caused by too much dietary oxalates (found in a number of common vegetables, fruits, and grains) or by problems in the body's breakdown of oxalates.

Such defects may be due to various factors:
Severe vitamin B6 deficiencies (usually due to genetic disorders)
Deficiencies in intestinal flora bacteria that breaks down oxalate
Inability of small intestine to properly absorb fat and nutrients. Calcium may bind to the unabsorbed fat instead of the oxalates, which causes a buildup of oxalate

Female hormones (estrogens) actually lower the risk of hyperoxaluria.  Estrogen may help prevent the formation of calcium oxalate stones by keeping urine alkaline, and raising protective citrate levels. This is why men get gout more than women .  

Women’s lib party—please note down in your diaries.  Read it out when you wanna score brownie points-- but make sure you drop them coins ! TEE HEEEE !!.

Since uric acid comes from the breakdown of purines, and, purines also exist in our foods, a gout sufferer needs to go onto a diet that is relatively low in purines in order to lessen uric acid levels. This also means avoiding high purine foods completely...

Foods that are high in purine include:
All organ meats (such as liver/ kidney ).
Yeasts, and yeast extracts (such as beer, and alcoholic beverages)
Asparagus, spinach, beans, peas, lentils, oatmeal, cauliflower and mushrooms.
Foods that are high in animal protein , red meat , shell fish, prawns , pork, beef and egg yolk.
Foods high on fat- refined bread, biscuits, muffins, cakes
Dairy products like cheese, curd.
Coffee
Excessive salt, oily and hot foods.



Alcohol increases purine catabolism in the liver and increases the formation of lactic acid which blocks urate secretion by the renal tubules. Excessive alcohol consumption can have severe negative effects in the ability of the kidneys to maintain the body’s fluid, electrolyte, and acid-base balance.
 
In acid urine of pH less than 5.5, uric acid crystals precipitate and lead to stone formation.   Alkalinization is accomplished by drinking a solution of half a teaspoon of baking soda (sodium bicarbonate, NaHCO3) dissolved in a glass of water.  

If you have a sodium restricted diet, this should be done under a doctor’s supervision since each half teaspoon of baking soda has 616 mg of sodium. Sodium may be eliminated by using potassium bicarbonate instead of baking soda.

Warming the affected joints increase the solubility of monosodium urate crystals.  Warming the joints may be accomplished with a foot bath or a heating pad. Hydration requires increasing the volume of drinking water to promote more frequent urination.  Drink eight glasses of water per day or 3 litres of water.   Avoid diuretic medications.


Foods that are low in purine include:
Refined cereals - breads, pasta, flour, cakes
Milk and milk products, eggs whites
Lettuce, tomatoes, green vegetables, Bitter gourd, Papaya
Lime juice without white processed sugar ( use honey ).
Fruits.

Too much uric acid production can be taxing on the kidneys.  The human kidney is a master Tamas Sattwa Rajas ( Brahma/ Vishnu/ Shiva ) balancer as it ensures the right balance between uric acid that is needed for different bodily processes and left over uric acid that needs to dealt with. 

When too much uric acid is taken in, the kidneys process what is needed and then use the excess uric acid to form crystals. These crystals are then deposited into natural storage areas in our bodies.   



Unfortunately for humans, these storage areas are in various joints like elbows and knees, or far off appendages like toes.  When too many of these crystals build up in these areas they cause inflammation , unbearable pain and swelling.

Keep your body well hydrated, drinking upto 3 liters of water per day, unless you were told otherwise.  Do NOT hydrate with beer as despite having less alcohol per serving than the other beverages, is more hyperuricemic due to its high purine content .


Treatments for gout are not very effective and have undesirable side effects.   The most common treatments include the administration of nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) such as ibuprofen.  Aspirin is not used because it aggravates hyperuricemia by increasing uric acid retention. Side effects of  medications can cause stomach pain, bleeding and ulcers, and beyond a certain dosage, they do not provide additional relief.

Corticosteroids, such as prednisone, are prescribed for severe cases of gout. Although these steroids can provide relief, they also have serious side effects, including thinning bones, poor wound healing, and a weakened immune system. Cortisone injections into an affected joint are generally limited to no more than three per year because of the side effects.


Allopurinol, probenecid, and colchicine are sometimes prescribed in daily doses to reduce the risk or lessen the severity of future episodes. Allopurinol blocks the formation of uric acid, probenecid decreases the frequency of attacks of gout by increasing the kidney’s excretion of uric acid, and colchicine may relieve swelling and help prevent the frequency of gout attacks.

The above para is just for information and NOT to do self medication.  Rely only on doctor’s advise.  

These drugs speed the elimination of uric acid from the body, and they also slow down the rate at which it is produced, but they may cause nausea or skin rashes as side effects.

Gout patients had increased incidence of all types of cancer, including cancers of the oral cavity, pharynx, colon, liver and biliary tract, pancreas, lung, skin (melanoma and nonmelanoma), endometrium and kidney, as well as of malignant melanoma.



DNA and RNA are called nucleic acids because they reside in the nucleus of the cells. Uric acid is produced from the oxidation of adenine and guanine in these nucleic acids.  Milk contains no purines because it consists of fats, casein and whey proteins, but no cell nuclei. Fermented milk products, such as yogurt and aged cheeses, have purines from the nucleic acids of the bacterial cells that proliferate during fermentation.

We in Kerala never had  gout.  Now, our hospitals are full of gout party ,mostly Muslims and Christians who eat beef and offal . Of course all drink soft drinks like Coke with HFCS. Any young man who drinks two cans of Coke a day are 97 percent more likely to develop the disease, as per US surveys.

The Hindu method of fasting and breaking fast with foods of low purine content , meals loaded with Turmeric/ Garlic / Spices  kept them away from gout.

A gout attack can be brought on by stressful events—so be a cool cat !
*********************************************************************
UNDERSTANDING OBESITY, SHEDDING SUBCUTANEOUS AND VISCERAL FAT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
FIGHTING THE OBESITY EPIDEMIC,  LEPTIN , GHRELIN,  CORTISOL,  VIRGIN COCONUT OIL ,  ADIPONECTIN,   HEPCIDIN ,  HYPOTHYROIDISM ,   KETOSIS ,   INSULIN RESISTANCE,   THERMOGENESIS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



BEING SLIM IS NOT ALL ABOUT INTAKE CALORIES BEING LESS THAN BURNT OUT CALORIES ,  AS SOME DIMWITS THINK !

I AM A BIT BUSY -

MEANWHILE ENJOY THESE PICTURES --  THIS COULD BE YOU ONE DAY !



Above:  Hey sexy lady -- men with huge balls sling it over their shoulders for fear of stepping on it -- just a tip !   

Or you could put a helmet with rear view mirrors and walk backwards. ( insensitive ?--so be it !--  the idea is to give a JHATKA !!) 



Above: Peeping Toms -- excuze pleeaaje ! This is  subcutaneous fat ( which can be grabbed by fingers ) .















See the video below in HD



If you have seen the video ( above ) of the FATTY LIVER dissected out of the cadaver — then you must know what causes it  .

Punch into Google search-

HIGH FRUCTOSE CORN SYRUP, FATTY LIVER DISEASE  VADAKAYIL

Below : Mama mia ! This is visceral fat ( which cannot be grabbed by fingers ) . .




Below video :  Obviously fat women cannot make SHAGGY sing !



THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF SITES ON THE INTERNET ABOUT FAT LOSS , WRITTEN BY PEOPLE WITHOUT PERCEPTION --  

SOME ARE PEA-BRAINED NUTRITIONISTS AND SPORTS COACHES , WHO HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THEY ARE TALKING ABOUT .

Below : Liposuction to remove subcutaneous fat --prevention is better than cure , for this removed fat comes right back , soon.



There are two types of fat stored in the body.  The first is “essential”  fat . This is fat that is stored in the heart, lungs, liver, spleen, kidneys, intestines, muscles, central nervous system, and bone marrow.   This fat is “essential” for the organs to function properly.  



The lowest limit of essential body fat for women is 12% while the lowest limit for men is 3%.   Fat  is essential for the healthy functioning of the body and women will need to carry more body fat than men.  

The second type of fat is “stored”  fat.   This includes the visceral fat that is surrounding the internal organs of the body (for protection from trauma) and fat that is subcutaneous (stored just beneath the skin’s surface). 
  


Above:  The boy has grabbed subcutaneous fat ( external ) of the Sumo wrestler--  Sumo wrestlers frequently have excess subcutaneous fat,  but little or no visceral fat.
  .

Below: This pot belly contains visceral fat ( internal ) and this cannot be grabbed by the boy's fingers.



The human body is designed to store excess fat as an energy reserve.  If you consume more calories than is needed, the excess calories are stored as subcutaneous fat.

Fat that is located just under your skin is subcutaneous.  Subcutaneous fat can be frustratingly  difficult to budge .  Belly fat that hangs ( till the floor TEE HEEEE ) and which can be grasped by fingers is subcutaneous.  

While the inner fat inside the stomach which cannot be held by hand and which makes the stomach stand like a pot is visceral. So belly fat can be both subcutaneous as well as visceral ..



Men tend to accumulate fat in the belly women, accumulate it in their thighs and ass—OOPS-- buttocks.  

Below: Cellulite is dimpled .



Cellulite is fat deposits just below the skin, usually  in the abdomen , ass—nay—buttocks and thighs .Skin brushing can specifically target areas of cellulite. In Ayurveda we do nava dhanya abrasive broken grain massage –with each type grain having different hardness and size.  

Using a skin brush in small circular movements over cellulite areas every 4 days will  help to break down the fatty deposits that cause the dimpled appearance. 

Usually fat will be removed ( diet / exercise ) in the same order that it was laid down . This pattern is set by the body and cannot be influenced through specific training, as some dumbo sports/ gym coaches think . .  

Below:   DUH ?    DUH !!!



One of the best fat burning exercises is brisk walking.   If exercise is at a higher intensity, the fuel that is needed to maintain a higher level of intensity is pulled from a different source.

Brisk walking is effective in reducing excess subcutaneous body fat as you do not feed you face mindlessly with junk food at the same time.   Plastic surgery such as liposuction of the video above can remove subcutaneous fat but NEVER visceral fat.  



Usually after  liposuction, the human body will usually compensate with an increase in subcutaneous fat  unless you have a diet and exercise regimen going.  Many slothful film stars have found this out the hard way .
Subcutaneous fat located at the waist — the finger pinchable fat — can be frustratingly difficult to budge, but in normal-weight people, it’s generally not considered as much of a health threat as visceral fat is. You should be more worried about your health that your looks .

Subcutaneous abdominal fat is hard to burn through diet and exercise and is called “stubborn” abdominal fat. 

The subcutaneous abdominal fat at the belly is stubborn because  the network of blood vessels is not as dense in the area where this type of fat occurs, as it is with visceral fat.  




It is further away from the portal vein than visceral fat, and it has to travel a longer distance to reach the main “highway” that will take it to other tissues (e.g., muscle) for use as energy.

Subcutaneous fat is resistant to elimination through “burning” ( thermogenesis or lipolysis ). Lipolysis involves hydrolysis of triglycerides into glycerol and free fatty acids involving hormones like ghrelin, cortisol etc. I will talk about such hormones later .



Reason is because subcutaneous fat cells have a lower concentration of beta adrenoreceptors (which stimulate lipolysis) and a higher concentration of alpha adrenoreceptors (which inhibit lipolysis). Subcutaneous abdominal fat,  is less responsive to exercise than visceral abdominal fat.




Beta adrenoreceptors, are responsive to dieting -- subcutaneous fat cells are primarily studded with alpha-2 adrenoreceptors.   They are far more resistant to shrinkage through ordinary dieting-induced lipolysis. Subcutaneous lower belly fat has a decreased blood supply and is less sensitive to the catecholamines.  






You cannot  choose the location from which stored fat is metabolized .  Fat is stored in a unique and systematic pattern for each individual mostly based on genetics.  

Excess energy that is stored as fat will be laid down in a specific pattern for each individual. Some people will store fat beginning in the abdomen and then progressing to the upper extremities, face and neck, and then lower extremities.   Others will store fat beginning in the hips and thighs, abdomen, and then upper extremities, face and neck.  



Subcutaneous (lower belly fat) is more sensitive to insulin compared to visceral fat,  so it is more difficult to burn.  Insulin works on fat cells by increasing fat storage and decreasing fat release.  A fat cell that is more insulin sensitive only requires small amounts of insulin to shut down its release of fat.  An insulin sensitive fat cell is a maha stingy fat cell that does not want to release its fat.





Low carb diets reduce the activity of the alpha adrenergic receptors and may speed subcutaneous fat loss. Exercising in a hot environment MAY increase blood flow to subcutaneous fat tissue and increase fat release. Avoid cool cozy AC gyms OR put on a track suit.

Subcutaneous stored fat can be reversed and utilized as an energy source when blood sugar is low. Subcutaneous fat is reduced when the body needs fuel to keep the body moving. As muscles are exercised and blood flow is increased to and from the muscles, the body is better able to mobilize from the fat stored within the body and metabolize that fat into energy.

Subcutaneous fat has more alpha adrenergic receptors (block fat release), while visceral fat has more beta adrenergic receptors (enhance fat release).   



Hanging lower belly fat (subcutaneous) is more of an indication of leptin resistance while visceral fat is more an indication of insulin resistance. 



Diet and exercise will reduce visceral fat.   Diet is more important to reduce subcutaneous fat. Obese men tend to lose more visceral (internal) fat while obese women lose more subcutaneous fat. 



Below:  DUH !  DUH !! DUH !!!  WEEEP DUH ?





Fat that is deeply embedded in your abdominal region is visceral. You cannot grasp visceral fat with your hand. It is out of reach and inside your body.  It lies deeply inside your abdomen, filling the spaces between your organs.  

Visceral fat wraps around organs such as your liver and spleen. This kind of fat can interrupt the regular function of your organs and produce harmful substances. Visceral fat is associated with heart disease, metabolic disturbances and sleep apnea. 

Insulin resistance and glucose intolerance, which can lead to Type 2 diabetes, are also associated with visceral fat.  However the good news is that visceral fat yields fairly easily to exercise and diet.



Poor diet and lack of exercise leads to weight gain in the form of visceral fat, which is especially a danger as you age because of its associated health risks.  

Visceral fat wraps around the inner organs . While abdominal exercises strengthen the underlying muscles, they do not specifically reduce the overlying fat. 

Below:  DUH ? DUH !!



You can see thin people with excess visceral fat.  Excess visceral fat causes you to die early.

Visceral fat has been linked to a long list of adverse health conditions, including:-- 
High blood pressure, stroke, and heart disease
High cholesterol
Diabetes
Breast cancer
Dementia

One of the main reasons visceral fat is so deadly is because of its role in inflammation, a natural immune response that has lately been tied to almost every chronic disease there is. 



Substances released by visceral fat, includes free fatty acids, which enter the portal vein and travel to the liver, where they can influence the production of blood lipids. Visceral fat is directly linked with higher total cholesterol and LDL (bad) cholesterol, lower HDL (good) cholesterol, and insulin resistance.  




Visceral fat responds well to dieting and exercise, for instance, while subcutaneous fat does not.Visceral fat cells are predominantly studded with structures known as beta adrenoreceptors, which, when triggered by certain signals (prompted by reduced calorie intake, for example), stimulate the cells to undergo lipolysis.



During lipolysis, the lipids (fats in the form of triglycerides), which make up the bulk of the fat cell, are converted to free fatty acids, which are then oxidized as “fuel” to decrease fat stores. 




In essence, lipolysis and fatty acid oxidation comprise the process commonly referred to as “fat burning.” As these lipids are metabolized to release energy, fat stores are depleted, and adipose cells shrink. . 



Visceral belly fat has a greater blood flow and is more responsive to catecholamines, your fat burning hormonal gas peddles.  It is stored close to the liver and drains right into the portal vein giving the liver quick access to fuel in times of famine.



Visceral fat is like a parasite doing damage to its host with increased cortisol levels while perpetuating its survival.  




Deep belly fat has 400% more cortisol receptors compared to subcutaneous fat.  This enzyme is called 11 beta HSD, and it is stimulated by insulin.


In India we never had all these problems when we used fresh turmeric in our curry. Curcumin, from turmeric, is a belly fat reducing aid since it blocks the enzyme fatty acid synthase (FAS), the nuclear receptor PPAR gamma, reduces leptin, and reduces the release of inflammatory cytokines.  





It also blocks 11 beta HSD, an enzyme that increases cortisol levels in deep belly fat perpetuating its growth.  Decreased fat storage, decrease fat cell maturation, decreased leptin resistance, and decreased visceral belly fat cycle. 



In comparison to visceral cells, subcutaneous cells are greater in number .  But the visceral cells are actually larger in size per cell.  And they get to be so big that they atrophy themselves—at which point they continuously inflammatory cytokines.   



They promote atherosclerosis, tumor growth, aging, oxidation, hypertension, and cardiovascular disease. Reducing visceral belly fat takes a combination approach of a low-calorie diet that is high in fiber and low in carbohydrates and sugar along with cardiovascular and weight training .  



Visceral fat is just NOT an inert lump of lard, cushioning your internal organs ( pana kumbha – rich man’s tummy )  but it constantly pumps poisons into your bloodstream.  Visceral fat is known to cause inflammation in the colon and the artery walls, and is a major cause of heart disease, diabetes and some types of cancer.

Visceral fat increases production of the stress hormone, cortisol, and reduces levels of feel-good endorphins.  So, along with killing you, visceral fat, makes you feel like an as$hole—nay-- CHOOT .

But visceral fat disappears fast with diet and exercise. Really we should NOT be having so many pandu havaldars—nay-- policemen in India with pot bellies. 



The police DGP must read this post. Army jawans eat much more rich and high calorie food , yet they do NOT have ugly tonds ( pot bellies ).



Some of the chemicals secreted from belly visceral fat cause inflammation, which cause causes depression--and reduces morale .

Overall, abdominal visceral fat seems to be the main culprit behind many of the health problems traditionally pinned on obesity. 



Beer contains rapidly digested carbs that shut down fat burning. That’s why beer is sometimes referred to as “liquid bread” which causes “beer belly.”

Accumulation of visceral fat correlates with insulin resistance, whereas subcutaneous fat deposition correlates with circulating leptin levels  . 



So, what is Leptin and what is Ghrelin?   Kaun sa khet ka beetroot hai, yeh ?

Leptin tells your body it's full and ghrelin stimulates appetite.  



When you don't sleep, they get all out of whack—this makes your leptin levels decrease and your ghrelin levels increase.  This is why fatsos must have good sleep.  



The result?  

The fatso eats  unconsciously – he loves to raid the fridge even when his stomach is busting full  . Ghrelin and leptin act on the brain via the hypothalamus .

Leptin is secreted primarily in fat cells, as well as the stomach, heart, placenta, and skeletal muscle.  Leptin decreases hunger.  Leptin tells the hypothalamus that we have enough fat in the kitty , so we can eat less or stop eating.  

For weight loss — the more leptin the better.

You’d think, then, that fatter folks would somehow magically stop eating or start losing weight once their leptin levels were high enough. 

Alas ! 

The fatso can become leptin resistant . His brain aint listening .  There is no drop in appetite nor there is increased metabolism. 



His brain might even think he is starving, because as far as it’s concerned, there’s not enough leptin. So it makes him even hungrier.  It’s a vicious cycle. Eat more, gain body fat.  More body fat means more leptin in fat cells. Too much fat means that proper leptin signalling is disrupted. 



The brain thinks he is starving, which makes him wanna eat more. He gets fatter. And hungrier.  

He eateth  more. Gaineth  more fat. And so on and so forth .

Leptin is known as the fat hormone; it is made in your white adipose tissue or stored fat. Following a meal, leptin is released from your fat, enters your blood, and travels up to your brain where it delivers a message that you are full and also lets your subconscious brain know how much fuel you have on hand –almost like the fuel meter in your car.

One of the simple-case leptin problems encountered by people who are overweight is that their leptin “gas gauge” is sticky, or in more advanced cases, broken.  This is called leptin resistance because leptin is either not getting into your brain correctly or not registering properly in your hypothalamus gland once it does enter your brain.

Leptin resistance is similar to insulin resistance ( they share common signalling pathways). Insulin resistance occurs when there’s lots of insulin being produced (for example, with a diet high in sugar and simple carbohydrate), but the body and brain have stopped “listening” to insulin’s effects.



Another leptin resistance fun fact is that fructose induces leptin resistance . So avoid all those HFCS loaded soft drinks.  Fructose has no effect on ghrelin and interferes with your brain's communication with leptin, resulting in overeating. 

Over time, consuming too many calories from fat and simple sugars damages the nerves that conduct signals through the hypothalamus, affecting the function of leptin and ghrelin, and thus the body’s ability to regulate weight and metabolism.


Because of this damage, the signals don’t get through about how much fat is stored. Fat hormone leptin are often the primary cause of many of the hypothyroid symptoms in overweight individuals.




Morbidly obese individuals generally exhibit an unusually high circulating concentration of leptin. These people are said to be resistant to the effects of leptin, in much the same way that people with type 2 diabetes are resistant to the effects of insulin.  

MSG (monosodium glutamate/ ajinomoto ) makes your appetite spiral out of control. Your body loses its ability to tell that it’s full because MSG suppresses leptin. You end up eating more than you normally would and get hungrier sooner.   MSG is loaded in ALL fast food and most processed food.

Leptin ( satisfaction hormone ) works with sensors in your brain to signal when you’ve had enough to eat.  Leptin made by fat cells, thus decreases your appetite.

In other words, your brain has gone haywire and you can no longer trust the messages it’s sending you about appetite, hunger, and fullness.  It’s like your gas gauge points to empty all the time, whether or not the tank is full.

Along with being overweight comes insulin and leptin resistance,

The Leptin Diet helps optimize leptin function in your body and unlock easier weight loss.

1:  Never eat after dinner—no raiding the fridge . 
2:  Eat three meals a day ( do not snack ). 
3:  Do not eat large meals, that your stomach stretches . 
4:  Eat a breakfast containing protein.-i will tell why later 
5:  Reduce the amount of sugar and carbohydrates eaten.

One function of leptin is to set the long term energy spending policy of your body based on available food supply. Your subconscious brain interprets leptin resistance to mean a famine is going on, even though you are often eating too much on a regular basis. This is a faulty perception of starvation.

In this tricky situation, leptin tells the TRH (thyroid releasing hormone) department in your hypothalamus gland to set thyroid hormone to a low level so that energy is conserved, otherwise your body may perish from starvation.  

Your hypothalamus then has a major influence over how much TSH (thyroid stimulating hormone) your pituitary will produce.  Your subconscious brain intentionally turns down the volume on your metabolism so that you can survive a hibernation period , which does not exist.

Too much stress, too much inflammation, poor physical fitness, a chronic health condition, overeating, and snacking between meals are key factors that confuse leptin and make its job much more difficult. 

Thus, when you crave for one more chocolate  too often, it means  that leptin is not getting into your brain correctly and your thyroid system is not functioning up to par.




It is subcutaneous fat that is a stronger determinant than visceral fat of circulating levels of leptin, the key hunger-regulating hormone.  Leptin influences you and you cheat on your diet program.

Leptin resistance, is almost similar to insulin resistance, in which the cells no longer respond normally to a hormone messenger.  This is due, in part, to the fact that in obese people, leptin interacts with inflammation-related proteins, such as C-reactive protein. 

This interaction blocks leptin’s ability to cross the blood-brain barrier, preventing leptin from transmitting its satiety signals.



Leptin resistance is both a cause and a consequence of obesity. Once leptin resistance takes hold, it aggravates diet-induced obesity and the leptin resistance and obesity compound one another, promoting a vicious cycle of escalating weight gain.  Leptin resistance specifically causes your body to produce and accumulate visceral fat around your midline.


Excessive amounts of body fat secrete more leptin than the body can handle, the leptin receptors become resistant to the effect of leptin, the “I’m full” message cannot be received, and hunger grows unabated.  Thus, morbid obesity often perpetuates itself by blunting the appetite-suppressing effect of leptin.





Ghrelin is the hormone which makes you hungry. Ghrelin was discovered 7 years after leptin.

Ghrelin is secreted primarily in the lining of the stomach. 

Your stomach makes ghrelin when it’s empty. Just like leptin, ghrelin goes into the blood, crosses the blood-brain barrier, and ends up at your hypothalamus, where it tells you you’re hungry. 



Ghrelin is high before you eat and low after you eat.

Leptin is a hormone that is a result of a buildup of fat, so it’s a long term regulator of body weight.  But ghrelin is the short term.   If you want to lose weight you want less ghrelin, so you don’t get hungry. 

Lowering levels of ghrelin leads to decreased body fat.   



Fructose prevents leptin and insulin from elevating to normal levels after a meal, while increasing ghrelin and triglycerides. The soft drinks like Coke and Pepsi are packed with HFCS.   This can lead to a dramatic increase in calorie consumption. Fructose ends up circumventing the normal appetite signaling system, so appetite-regulating hormones aren't triggered--and you're left feeling unsatisfied
. 


Ghrelin levels remain high until food stretches the wall of your stomach, making you feel full. High volume, low calorie, nutrient dense foods reduce ghrelin and increase leptin levels long before you have overeaten.  Even drinking water stretches your stomach.


Less than 7 hours of sleep has been associated with higher ghrelin levels, decreased leptin, increased hunger, and higher body weight in . You will find so many fatsos sleeping less.


Stress is associated with higher body weight and ghrelin production.  



Ghrelin is a fast-acting hormone, playing a role in meal initiation.  Ghrelin levels increase before meals and decrease after meals.  The more you have in your system, the hungrier you are and the more fat your body stores.   Lack of sleep increases ghrelin levels, and these people raid the fridge .. 



Ghrelin is so efficient at stimulating your hunger centers, that elevated levels of ghrelin will make you feel the same way as if your were in full starvation mode – desperately craving the richest, highest calorie and sweetest foods.  Ghrelin cycles in 4 hour increments, so typically you would be hungriest 4 hours after your last meal. 


8 hours of sleep per night is the ideal.  Know this very well - sleep deprivation causes your ghrelin levels to increase.  


Next time you see a nutritionist or a sports coach ask whim what is Ghrelin— kaun sa khet ka mooli hai ?.




Protein intake also staves off the release of elevated ghrelin levels, so make sure that each meal starts off with high quality protein sources, especially the first one.



6000 year old Ayurveda suggests you include all tastes — sweet, sour, salty, pungent, bitter and astringent — in at least one meal each day, to help balance unnatural cravings /midnight fridge raids .



Above / Below:  A perfect 6 pack has INTERLOCKED muscles -- they are never like chocolate bars.



Cortisol is a stress hormone. Your adrenal glands produce cortisol in response to stress, physical, mental or emotional.




This hormone is released within the body to increase blood sugar and regulate metabolism.   Fluctuations of the cortisol levels within the body can affect mental well-being.



Cortisol signals fat cells to hold on to their fat stores— so stress can actually reduce the ability of the body to release fat from its fat stores to use for energy

Stress makes a person fat primarily because of an excessive secretion of the key stress hormone, cortisol, along with a reduced secretion of key anabolic hormones, such as DHEA, testosterone, and growth hormone.  

This combination of highly catabolic cortisol and reduced anabolic hormones causes the body to store fat, lose muscle, slow metabolic rate, and increase appetite—all of which have the ultimate effect of making a person fatter.


Overall, stress makes you burn fewer calories and consume more food (especially carbohydrates), which increases your stress levels even more!

Cortisol works in tandem with the master of your metabolism, your thyroid.  If you’re cranking out cortisol , you’ll start getting resistance from hormone receptors so it will require more hormones to create the same effect , creating a viscous stress cycle.

Our adrenal glands govern our stress response, by secreting hormones relative to our stress levels.   When the adrenal glands are overworked, the body prepares for disaster, by storing fat and calories.  We crave foods, we lose precious energy, and we gain weight., with increased levels of cortisol, our body also does not respond as well to leptin, the hormone that makes us feel full, so we eat more.



Normally when we feel begin to feel hungry, our blood sugar drops and the brain sends a message to the adrenal glands to release cortisol.  Cortisol activates glucose, fats, and amino acids to keep our body fueled with energy until we eat.  Cortisol maintains blood sugar levels, and insulin helps our cells absorb glucose.  

When we have long term stress, both insulin and cortisol remain elevated in the blood, and the extra glucose is stored as fat–mostly in the abdomen.

Fat cells have special receptors for the stress hormone cortisol, and there are more of these receptors in our abdominal fat cells than anywhere else in our bodies!

Eat well for healthy adrenal glands.    Since cortisol helps regulate blood sugar, keeping glucose levels balanced will take some of the stress off the adrenal glands.  Three nutritious meals will keep our adrenal glands steady.




Restricting your carbohydrate  intake too drastically can lead to:--
decreased thyroid output
increased cortisol output
decreased testosterone
muscle catabolism

Our hypothalamus and pituitary glands, inside the brain, are sensitive to things like energy availability and stress.    A flabby stomach can be a sign of over-production of the stress hormone cortisol.



Cortisol increases levels of fat and sugar in the bloodstream to prepare you for fight or flight.  But unless you do something physical - as your body is expecting you to - all that extra energy, in the form of fat and glucose, has nowhere to go.   So, it must be re-deposited as fat.

That's why people under constant stress quite often feel hungry all the time. Abdominal fat has more cortisol receptors than fat elsewhere in your body.

Don’t talk business over meals . Concentrating on food without distractions is linked to reduced cortisol levels and a decrease in belly fat.



Cortisol can cause cravings for junk foods – simultaneously shutting off the goal oriented centers of the brain and ramping up the reward centers of the brain. 



Hormones act as cellular messengers. They deliver information about what's happening outside the body to cells inside the body.  Cortisol plays both a protective role and adaptation role. It works against inflammation and also releases the body's sugar and fat stores to meet the demands of stress.  Anything that poses a potential threat to the body will result in cortisol being requisitioned for  help.



Cortisol works as good guy and bad guy . It is required for optimal health and actually burns fat, under the right circumstances.  However it can  become destructive in certain situations, like when it's chronically elevated or continuously suppressed.  When cortisol is too high or too low, it aint no good.    



Hormones are like people – they behave differently depending on the environment they find themselves in and the people they're surrounded by.   For example, high cortisol in a low-calorie state will produce a different outcome compared to high cortisol in a high-calorie state.   Same thing with exercise – you want  cortisol high while you're exercising; you want it low when you're not.



During exercise, cortisol works with your other fat burning hormones, the catecholamines (adrenaline and noradrenaline) and growth hormone, to increase fat release.

When cortisol is "socializing" with insulin instead, it has the exact opposite effect.  Cortisol is actually NOT a fat-storing belly-fat hormone.  Insulin and cortisol together, with a high-calorie diet,  are the real cause of belly fat.



Another dual action of cortisol is how it interacts with the body's main metabolic fat burning engine, the thyroid gland. Cortisol and the catecholamines sensitize thyroid receptors. So low cortisol can also lead to low thyroid activity. High cortisol blocks the normal conversion of inactive thyroid (T4) into active thyroid (T3).  You need cortisol just right –neither too low, nor too high..

The command and control center of your metabolism is the hypothalamus. This is the center of your metabolic sensor/thermostat.   This area needs to "hear" the signals being sent by peripheral hormones like leptin and insulin, both of which shut down hunger in normal circumstances.

Chronically elevated cortisol levels cause irritation in the hypothalamus leading to down regulation of hormone receptors inducing hormone resistance.



Imagine walking into a room with a strong hydrogen sulphide odor and covering your nose and mouth, only to realize later you can no longer smell the odor. This is what cortisol does to the brain. It muffles its satiety sensing mechanism.

Cortisol is also involved in cravings. Cortisol along with other stress hormones (i.e. the catecholamines), increases desire for more palatable, calorie dense foods. It does this while simultaneously shutting off the goal oriented centers of the brain and ramping up the reward centers of the brain. 



Cortisol is made in the adrenal glands mostly, but it can be made in the belly visceral fat too..    which contains an enzyme called 11-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase (11-HSD).  This is an enzyme that converts inactive cortisone into active cortisol.  This means belly fat can produce its own cortisol!

And in another twist in the complicated relationship between insulin and cortisol, insulin increases 11-HSD activity, which increases cortisol levels which then causes increased insulin resistance.  In this way, belly fat acts like a parasite ensuring its growth at the detriment of the host.   

Sometimes an extra hour in bed, to lower cortisol, may be a better strategy than an extra hour on the treadmill.  Fatsos must sleep well . During your sleep, your body utilizes fat as it’s primary source of fuel.  So getting enough sleep is key to making sure that your body burns off more fat!   



The three best ways to control cortisol are diet, exercise, and lifestyle.  Cortisol is an alarm hormone.   Skipping meals can raise cortisol because the brain requires a constant supply of glucose. For some, skipping meals will cause blood sugar changes that create a cortisol response. 



Another great way to lower cortisol is finishing workouts with slow relaxing movements like leisure walking.
As cortisol levels rise, a protein (HES1) in your liver elevates, which turns off your liver’s ability to break down fat.  This also contributes to fatty liver and abdominal weight gain. We are designed for fight or flight.  




Cortisol is produced as a response to stress ,and we are all stresses nowadays . Even people who go on holidays are overly stressed , and they find out the hard way, that home is a less stressing place.



Stress increases your cravings for sweets and carbohydrates, it increases  muscle breakdown for energy production, it increases the percentage of fat that is stored in your abdominal area, and it increases your levels of depression and anxiety – which make you eat more, which further increases your cortisol levels, creating a vicious cycle,  resulting in you feeling tired and burnt out all of the time.  



Cortisol depletes lean muscle and makes your body hold on to fat in the abdominal region.  It also enlarges your fat cells, allowing them to store more fat.  Cortisol is catabolic and elevated cortisol levels can cause the loss of muscle tissue by facilitating the process of converting lean tissue into glucose.  




An excess of cortisol can also lead to a decrease in insulin sensitivity, increased insulin resistance, reduced kidney function, hypertension, suppressed immune function, reduced growth hormone levels, and reduced connective tissue strength.  Chronically elevated levels of cortisol can also decrease strength and performance in athletes.

Get more spinach in your diet.  Spinach has magnesium which help balance your body’s production of cortisol.



Zinc help inhibit the production of cortisol.   If you don’t eat meat, you can also get zinc from cashews, pumpkin seeds, spinach and beans.  Cortisol inhibits the growth of beneficial microflora in the intestines.  

These essential bacteria support the immune system, create B vitamins, and increase the absorption of minerals like calcium, iron, and magnesium.  A decrease in their population results in more colds, sore throats, headaches, diarrhea, upset stomachs and the overgrowth of harmful bacteria and fungus like candida.



Eliminate caffeine from your diet. It’s the quickest way to reduce cortisol production and elevate the production of DHEA, the leading anabolic youth hormone.  Cortisol levels are very high when we wake up in the morning and falls as we go through the day.  

When we are stressed, our body releases extra cortisol to help the body respond to stress; as a result, our heart rate, breathing, perspiration, and adrenaline levels all go up, muscles gets tensed, and  metabolism goes down.


A cortisol blood test can measure the amount of cortisol in the body and determine if there are problems with the adrenal gland.  Thin arms and legs, along with excessive weight carried around the midsection are typically symptoms of a high cortisol level. 



Low cortisol levels can produce low blood pressure, as well as low blood sugar. Both of these conditions can suppress the immune system and cause weakness and changes in skin pigmentation. 



Eliminate Mumbai Irani restaurant type bright fluorescent white tube lights and go for golden lights in your home.


DIGRESSION: 

It is amusing read what nutritionists, media journalists and sport trainers write on the internet about obesity and fat loss.

Of course these jokers will jump up like orangutans and cry “ You are a ship captain—what do you know of all this !“

Fair point ?

You don’t need to be a hen to judge an omelet .

I remember I was working in a shore office abroad for a couple of months.  Those days my company had the largest number of Chemical tankers on this planet.   Due to sudden expansion, we had to take in lot of Europeans.   

Now in India our marine engineers are BE or Btech or even Mtech.  They have a 4 year degree .   But for the white man they join as ordinary sailor crew –  wipers, motormen etc  —and they work their way up . 

Their engineering basics are PATHETIC .

So the big boss asked me to create an Engineering question bank , to vet these wannabe joiner engineers .
Now I am a Captain  ( navigator/ executive side )– NOT an engineer.

And at that instant there were 16 qualified Engineers in the office – all experienced –manning different groups— bulk carriers, tankers, VLCC,  product tankers, fully refrigerated gas ships, chemical tankers etc.

These engineers had pride of their professions –and all of them felt all balls , that this job was given to yours truly, totally unqualified for the job—and they voices it too, in my presence.

We used to be one happy bunch when we go for lunch outside the office .

But now--

SULK  SULK !

So I went back to my cabin and send a general email to all engineers in the office , copied to the big boss.

I will create question banks on every branch of Engineering— If any of you can PASS—not max—this test –
I will give you guys the puraskar ( gift hamper ) you want.  They could take as much time as they want and consult any book or the internet.

There were NO takers ! 

Wanna peek into one of them?

Punch into Google search-

MARINE ENGINEERING SELF EXAMINER  REFRIGERATION  VADAKAYIL .


Now you will understand the expression --  DUH !




Before India got independence heart attack , kidney problems and Alzhiemers disease was unknown in Kerala as we cooked with virgin freshly pressed coconut oil.  .  Today Kerala is the head quarters of these killer diseases, as we consume bad for health vegetable oils..

Almost all the houses, including my own ,  dried their own coconuts in the back yard and took the copra to the nearby crusher mill to extract fresh oil. 



With Independence , we had “lobbied up” corrupt ministers of R Communist and Syrian Christian Jew lobby who imported vegetable oils from abroad.  They joined the false Western propaganda that Coconut oil is bad for the heart.  



Deliberately these foreign laboratories used HYDROGENATED and refined coconut oils for their tests, by R controlled labs,  to convince people with their lies. .
  
In the high heat of Indian cooking of  greater than 250 deg Centigrade fancy oils like Canola,  Olive , Corn, Safflower, Sunflower , Soya etc , gets unstable with free radicals abuzz from pulverised molecules and become carcinogenic.  In India we do NOT stir fry our foods at low heat.



“Virgin" coconut oil is organic and unrefined with NIL additives . It is undeodorized, unhardened coconut oil, with high levels of natural anti-oxidants and NIL trans fats . Coconut oil can be used to deep fry because it is a stable oil that can withstand high temperature cooking. 



All health studies on coconut oils have been done by the R lobby on hydrogenated oils DELIBERATELY , so that the West can have a immoral and foul trade advantage with their own GM Canola, GM Sunflower , GM soya bean oil, GM peanut oil etc. 

Below: Be patient bikini babes- Shaggy is comin' --to sing for you !




The Muslim lobby of Kerala govt imported palm oil from Islamic countries like Malaysia and Indonesia.  It was all about kick backs in foreign accounts.

India is the biggest importer of edible oil on this planet . The only reason is kickbacks for politicians and political parties. This black money MUST be halted and the corrupt guilty punished.  Indians must start using "virgin" coconut oil for cooking.  




The illegal assets of Kerala Ministers who were bribed by the Palm oil lobby must be siezed. They made millions in way of bribes.  

Doctors and cardiologists who went on FREE sex junkets abroad, also agreed with them, stating that Coconut oil has very high saturated fat content ( 92%) and hence it is bad --LDL cholesterol BLAH BLAH.




Ever since I put my post on coconut oil, the cost of coconuts jumped 4 fold in Kerala—it had been stagnant for 3 decades .

In India Hindus essentially offer Coconut to the gods in temples and pujas , due to its inherent goodness. 





Coconut oil is the world’s most weight loss friendly fat.

It contains a unique combination of fatty acids with powerful effects on metabolism.

Coconut oil, like mother's milk, is rich in lauric acid. Once inside our bodies, lauric acid gets converted to monolaurin, which has powerful anti-viral, anti-microbial and anti-fungal properties and does not harm our natural defenses, like medicines can.


Most foods contain predominantly long-chain fatty acids. It's the long chain fatty acids that lead to weight gain, raised cholesterol levels, atherosclerosis,  cardiovascular disease and put a strain on the liver, pancreas and digestive tract.   


Coconut oil consists almost entirely of Medium Chain Fatty Acids.   The thing with these medium chain fatty acids, is that they are metabolised differently than the longer chain fats.  




The medium chain triglycerides (MCTs) found in coconut oil are smaller and can easily cross cell membranes without the need for the special enzymes or carrier proteins. 


MCTs go straight to the liver where they are converted to energy that the body can use rather than being stored as fat.  The MCTs don't even need bile or pancreatic enzymes to be used by the body and are therefore perfect for those who have no gallbladder. 



Just by adding coconut oil to your diet, you can lose fat, especially the “dangerous” fat in the abdominal cavity.  Medium chain fats are stored less efficiently than other fats.  Coconut oil is also a thermogenic and burns fat.   Coconut oil is the world’s ONLY weight loss friendly fat.



One important property of coconut oil is that it is “thermogenic” – eating it tends to increase energy expenditure (fat burning) compared to the same amount of calories from other fats .



Ketone bodies (which the liver produces when you eat coconut oil) have a powerful appetite reducing effect Coconut oil boosts fat burning (increases “calories out”) and it also reduces the appetite .



Coconut oil really is a miracle food.   It stabilizes blood sugar levels, helps balance hormones, stimulates thyroid function leading to increased metabolism and fat burning.  



It reduces stress on the liver and pancreas and boosts the cellular healing processs of the body by destroying dangerous microbes and enhancing tissue repair, hence its ability to aid the healing if skin wounds, cuts, burns and bruizes.  As it is so easy to metabolize, it effectively boosts our energy levels.   

Patients in Alzheimer in USA drink table spoons of coconut oil daily, neat, as a health tonic.



Coconut oil was demonized immorally for decades by vested western lobby for its considerable saturated fat.  Today all  scientists understand that there is a big difference between the long-chain triglycerides (LCTs) found in other veg oils andthe medium-chain triglycerides (MCTs) found in coconut oil.  



Unlike LCT, which must be broken down in the intestines and transported to the blood before they can be used for energy, MCT is metabolized very quickly and actually bypass the fat cells in which they might otherwise be stored.  


Dieters who choose to receive their fats from MCT- rich veg oils like coconut oil will experience the greatest long-term results.


The Caprylic Acid inherent in coconut oil destroys Candida yeast . This acid  basically "pokes holes" in the Candida yeast cell wall, causing it to die.  



Virgin Coconut oil helps prevent modern diseases like Crohns disease,  fatty liver disease , kidney diseases , Parkinsons , high BP and cholesterol , Alzheimer’s , obesity, fungi , viral diseases , diabetes , breast cancers, PMS syndrome etc. 


Punch into Google search-
QUANTUM DRINK, COCONUT WATER  VADAKAYIL




Punch into Google search-


COCONUT PALM TREE SUGAR , NUTRITIOUS SWEETENER FOR OBESITY  VADAKAYIL



You have NO idea how wonderful the self healing human body is.  

Water makes up 65% of the human body. Brain is 83% water, blood-92%, kidneys - 82%, liver-69% , muscles-75%, bones-28%.   50 to 90% weight of living organisms is water. Without water, the blood wont move. 

A human being will die within 3 days of being deprived of water, as cells, blood and tissues are deprived of the water content. Water is the lubricant of all moving parts in the body. All cells are water cooled.



Water has an unusually large heat capacity, requiring a lot of energy to increase its temperature. Water’s high thermal conductivity speeds up heat redistribution in living tissues, which helps protect the body from uneven heating and cooling, whether such changes are caused by metabolic processes or external mechanisms. 

Though water freezes at zero deg C , however if it is kept inside the capillaries which have the dimensions less than a hair thickness, it will remain fluid even at a very low temperature below zero.  



Water is the only natural substance found in all three states -- solid, liquid and gas -- within the range of natural Earth temperatures. Unlike other liquids, water expands in freezing. 

Water is the universal medium for all biological activity; it dissolves, dilutes, transports, and reacts with every chemical essential for life. Cell-associated water (vicinal water) has different properties than ordinary water. It is less dense, requires more energy to heat, has greater viscosity, and different phase change temperatures.



Water responds to subtle events even far out in the cosmos and that it is a far more sensitive medium for reception . Water retains information, even after the most stringent purification and filtration processes.  The water molecule is not linear but bent in a special way. As a result, part of the molecule is negatively charged and part positively charged. 

The chemistry of life is water chemistry. Without water's capacity to store and share information as different vibrating frequencies in an extraordinary manner,living cells would not be able to communicate with each other . 



The water we drink is 3 billion years old.  Water can propagate fast moving 5th dimension antigravity soliton waves, maintaining its shape and velocity of around 960 kilometrers per hour without dissipating its energy (example- tsunami ).   



Water easily penetrates the 75 trillion cells and mitochondrial membranes, to supply nutrients and flush away toxins. As we grow old our bodies are NOT able to absorb water into the cells.



Now let us connect water with obesity-

Water is the medium in which most cellular activities take place, including the transport and burning of fat.  Drinking plenty of calorie-free water makes you feel full and eat less..  



When you are dehydrated, your body temperature drops slightly, and causes your body to store fat as a way to help raise or maintain the temperature.  Chilled water help cool your core temperature -- which rises during physical activity -- but your stomach absorbs cold water faster than warm water .  



Fresh lemon infused water greatly increases enzymes that detoxify your liver so that it may carry out its basic functions efficiently. 




Drink this lemon water sweetened with honey on an empty stomach first thing in the morning.  Do not eat or drink anything else for 20 minutes . 



In case of dehydration, your kidneys can take help from your liver and reduce the liver’s speed to burn fat.  So drink enough water to lose belly fat faster.   Keep well hydrated – as dehydration puts the body in stress and raises cortisol levels.  Keep pure water by your bed and drink it  before you go to sleep.  




Water drinking helps you to boost your metabolic rate - the rate at which calories are burned.  They note that up to 40% of the increase in calorie burning is caused by the body's attempt to heat the ingested COLD water.   Water-drinking induces increase of energy expenditure by stimulation of osmosensitive structures.



Thermogenesis kaun sa khet ka aaloo hai ?

Thermogenesis is the process by which warm-blooded animals produce heat. It is directly connected to metabolic rate.  When thermogenesis is increased in the body metabolism speeds up and fat cells are used as energy to support the change in metabolism.

Thermogenesis, is the production of heat, in the body. High-protein diets are more thermogenic compared to high-carb or high-fat diets.


Thermogenic foods help increase metabolism and calorie burning by enhancing thermogenesis, a process in which the body burns calories to utilize the foods you have just eaten, converting those calories to heat.

Your body mainly burns calories consumed through maintaining its regular metabolic functions and through physical activity; however, a small percentage, about 10%, of calories are burned through diet-induced thermogenesis.

Foods that have thermogenic properties burn your calories as you eat them.  Protein is highly thermogenic.  Animal proteins are more thermogenic than vegetable proteins.  Thus, lean meats are the best calorie burning food.  When you eat lean meat, you burn about 30 percent of the calories it contains within it just by digesting the food.  So, if you eat a 300 calorie chicken breast, you will use about 90 calories to digest it. 



It’s wise to include some protein in each of your meal.  Hot chillies have capsaicin, a compound that gives a thermogenic effect and thus makes the body to burn more calories after you have had the meal.  Chillies have the ability to lower blood pressure and induce blood vessels to relax. 

Below:  Mulagitta tanni (chillie infused water )



Consuming foods with spices such as hot chillies or black pepper increases thermogenesis ,and this has a significant effect on feelings of satiety and fat oxidation.



Cinnamon is a thermogenic.  It  produces heat through metabolic stimulation and burns  your fat.





Decreasing food intake is much more effective than increasing physical activity to achieve weight loss.   If you want to achieve a 300 kcal energy deficit you can jog for 4 kilometers and avoid that packets of chips.

Diet induced thermogenesis is the process by which the body produces energy by metabolizing what we eat. 

Three factors that have an impact on your energy expenditure are:--
Basal metabolic rate -   the number of calories the body needs to maintain body functions while at rest.
Thermic effect of food -   the number of calories required to digest, absorb, transport, and store food.
Physical activity -   the number of calories expended during daily activity, lifestyle and exercise.


Basal Metabolic Rate (or resting metabolic rate) is the amount of energy your body would burn if you slept all day (24 hours).  Muscle burns more calories than fat does - even while at rest. Muscle tissue is about 8 times more metabolically demanding than fat.



The fatso will burn almost the same amount of calories during exercise but the leaner person burns more calories at rest. Then, when you lose significant amounts of body fat and muscle, your body needs fewer calories to sustain itself.  This is why it is so easy to regain weight after you have worked your as$ off to lose it.

When you restrict calories too low your metabolism slows down.  Your body slows down in order to adapt to the lower calorie intake so it can function with less fuel.  And, it actually begins holding on to every calorie you eat and storing it as fat.  This is why people who diet, usually gain back their weight once they start eating normally again.



Thermic effect of food (TEF) is the energy you use to eat, digest and metabolize food.   Diet induced thermogenesis is different for each nutrient and represents about 10% of the total amount of energy ingested over 24 hours.

Fats have thermic effect approximately 3%.  Dietary fat is very easy to process. Carbohydrates induced thermogenic response is about 7%.  Proteins are hard to process and is the most thermogenic nutrient, with the thermic effect around 30%.   Thermogenic herbs and spices include hot chilli , pepper, cinnamon, garlic, ginger, turmeric etc



 Protein exerts an increased thermic effect when compared to fat and carbohydrate. A main reason for the difference is because the body has no storage capacity for protein. Higher protein diets increase satiety when compared to lower protein diets.

We burn more energy through the process of sweating. It is good to sweat it out during a workout.  Energy used during exercise is the only form of energy expenditure that you have any control over.



Slow down when eating.  It takes 15 minutes for your brain to get the message from your stomach that you've had enough to eat. If you eat too fast, you'll exceed your calorie needs before you even realize you're full ! So chew well.

Never consume fructose Coke before workouts because it blunts fat burning and lowers metabolic rate.
Curcumin in turmeric inhibits the growth of fat tissue and stimulates fat burning in the body.

Caffeinated coffee improves adipocyte and liver function. It can support fat burning and optimal body composition .  As a young boy, before our early morning Kalari workouts all we were allowed were black coffee made with palm sugar and a tablespoon of humped cow’s desi ghee in it. 

Caffeine causes the body to rely more on fat for fuel during a workout, rather than glucose.  Ghee is a healthy fat.  Fats take longer to break down in your stomach and help control blood-sugar levels, leaving you more satisfied and reducing your cravings.



Your body will not digest food -- and burn fat -- as efficiently if you eat a huge meal just before bedtime, especially because your metabolism is slower while you sleep.

A normal person can have as low as 10% of their daily caloric intake from protein, but if you want to blast fat, you're better off at around 25%.

When you eat small meals all the time, your body is constantly producing insulin and never getting to a burn stage.  You never really feel 100% satisfied.  So instead of eating 5-6 small meals a day, as sport coaches advise you, better eat three decent ones and maybe two wee snacks.

Carbohydrate cycling. ---The science behind it is that you have a couple low-carbohydrate days  that get your body into a catabolic fat burning state.  But then you have a day of high-carbohydrate intake, that gets your metabolism running.  Without that high-carb day, your metabolism starts shutting down.



Calorie cycling---- The science behind it is, if you don't eat enough calories, your body starts eating away your muscles. Therefore, when you're on a low-calorie diet, you have to have days of higher caloric intake to keep it going and your metabolism up .



You can eat as healthily as can be,  and you can jog your as$ off.   But you can't control your hormones.



Insulin resistance is similar to leptin resistance and they share common signalling pathways.   Insulin resistance occurs when there’s lots of insulin being produced (for example, with a diet high in sugar and simple carbohydrate), but the body and brain have stopped “listening” to insulin’s effects.

Fructose in soft drinks induce leptin resistance

Under stress, the first desire is to gorge on something sweet like chocolate, to help cool off your system. If stress is really intense and your adrenals are crashing, you will crave a lot of fat and salt to feel better.

A lot of obesity misconceptions are due to Opray fu#kin’ Winfrey shooting her pea brained head off, based on what big brother wants to tell you to sell his products..




There is a crucial link between high levels of insulin and pathways that lead to obesity




Below: Ghee from humped cow milk is good for you!



Avoid transfats to reduce belly fat.  Transfats is found in many fried fast foods and packages foods.
. 
Insulin also signals the body to produce fat.     High levels of insulin found in those who develop insulin resistance and type 2 diabetes are a contributor to obesity .

Consuming excessive amounts of fructose ( HFCS in soft drinks ) can lead to insulin resistance and chronically elevated insulin levels, as well as problems with cholesterol, triglycerides and blood sugars .

Insulin resistance is a key feature of the metabolic syndrome, which causes type II diabetes, and obesity .  Fructose,  is THE leading cause of some of the biggest health problems on this planet.



Elevated triglycerides in the blood can block leptin from getting into the brain. Fructose is one of the key drivers of elevated triglycerides.

High insulin levels can block the action of leptin in the brain . Which translates to insulin in brain , shuts off hunger .  Insulin resistance in brain causes increased hunger.

When people who don’t exercise and eat a quintessential Hilly Billy yank / John Bull western diet, which includes enormous fructose from added sugar, this can be a complete disaster… leading to metabolic syndrome , morbid obesity and all sorts of horrible diseases.



Above: Can this bikini babe make Shaggy sing -- hey, sexy lady ?

Reduce white sugar in your diet.    Sugar is one of the main causes of fat.  Instead of sugar, have complex carbohydrates. Your body converts complex carbohydrates into sugar and they are beneficial for you.



Sweet potatoes contain carotenoids that help stabilize blood sugar levels and lower insulin resistance, making cells more responsive to insulin. This can ultimately help with your weight-loss efforts.  Sweet potatoes are also rich in potassium and vitamin C; a small potato provides  the daily allowance.



Above:  The bikini babe must replace fatty foods with sweet potato rich in complex carbohydrates..if she wants Shaggy to sing her praises .

Avoid sugar in the diet and refined carbohydrates to keep from spiking your insulin production

The Center for Science in the Public Interest (CSPI),  ranked the humble sweet potato number one in nutrition of all vegetables.  With a score of 184, the sweet potato outscored the next highest vegetable by more than 100 points.  Points were given for content of dietary fiber, naturally occurring sugars and complex carbohydrates, protein, vitamins A and C, iron and calcium. Points were deducted for fat content (especially saturated fat), sodium, cholesterol, added refined sugars and caffeine. The higher the score, the more nutritious the food.

Sweet potato baked 184
Spinach 76
Mixed Vegetables 52
Broccoli 52
Cabbage, Raw 34
Green Peas 33
Carrot 30
Okra 30
Corn on the Cob 27
Tomato 27
Green Pepper 26
Cauliflower 25

Romaine Lettuce 24

In Kerala Thiruvathira was a festival ,when it was custom to eat sweet potatoes. Today the wannabe gora gaand Chutney Marys want to have booze in bars on Valentines day, and stealthily give a under the table hand job to their partner Pickle Johns  –  such is the degradation of Indian culture.  

Below:  Hand job party-- BHAGHOOOO !  haath baad mein dho lena !!



When they get thrown out of the bar for perversion— the BENAMI Indian media and TROJAN HORSE NGOs comes to their rescue 




Below:  Saint Valentine was a Roman Catholic "saint" who lived 16 centuries ago. On this day in India road side romeos will send love letters and expensive gifts to your daughters and sisters , hoping for something in return  - -mutual fruits are tasted. The prom day was a good day to lose your virginity, right ?  St Valentine tried to convert Emperor Claudius and got screwed  .  Before his death by execution , Valentine wrote a farewell love letter to Judge Asterius’s daughter, which he signed, “Your Valentine.”



Punch into Google search-
THIRUVATHIRA , KARVA CHAUTH OF KERALA VADAKAYIL

When you consume too much sugar, the body starts producing extra insulin to compensate for the excess sugar and, over a prolonged period, the body's own sensitivity to the hormone is reduced. The condition is a precursor to type 2 diabetes and is related to obesity..



Insulin, a hormone produced by the pancreas, is important for the regulation of carbohydrates and the metabolism of fat.   Insulin stimulates glucose (sugar) uptake from the blood in tissues such as muscles, the liver and fat.  This is an important process to make sure that energy is available for everyday functioning and to maintain normal levels of circulating glucose.

In a person who is obese, insulin signals are sometimes lost and tissues are no longer able to control glucose levels. This can lead to the development of type II diabetes and metabolic syndrome.

Weight gain is a common side effect for diabetics who take insulin — a hormone that regulates the absorption of sugar (glucose) by cells.  When you take insulin, glucose is able to enter your cells, and glucose levels in your blood drop. This is the desired therapeutic goal.




But if you take in more calories than you need to maintain a healthy weight — given your level of activity — your cells will get more glucose than they need. Glucose that your cells don't use accumulates as fat.  Eating healthy foods and being physically active most days can help such people prevent unwanted weight gain. 




When insulin fails to unlock our cells, the appetite is increased while the body’s ability to burn fat is decreased. This syndrome is part of the modern problem of rising rates of obesity and diabetes.

Insulin resistance in the liver, meaning that the liver stops “seeing” the insulin in the blood. When that happens, the body starts producing even more insulin.



Insulin resistance means that your body’s muscle and liver cells don’t respond adequately to normal levels of insulin, the pancreatic hormone that carries glucose into the body’s cells. Glucose levels in the blood rise, heightening the risk for diabetes.



Chronic stress can lead the body to ignore the function of insulin.   Insulin resistance develops when the cells fail to respond to insulin’s message to take in glucose from the blood stream. Elevated blood sugar due to stress and diet contributes to the development of insulin resistance.




Ketosis is a state at which the body has an extremely high fat-burning rate. To encourage ketone production, the amount of insulin in your bloodstream must be low.  The lower your insulin, the higher your ketone production.   



And when you have a well-controlled, sufficiently large amount of ketones in your blood, it’s basically proof that your insulin is very low – and therefore, that you’re enjoying the maximum effect of your low-carbohydrate diet.  That’s what’s called optimal ketosis.



With the exception of the brain, the highest concentration of nerve cells is found in the intestinal mucosa. This enables the intestine to communicate effectively with the brain about what it needs and does not need.



The intestine is our largest hormone-producing organ, affecting the health, metabolism and the functionality of the entire body. 



The gel-like substance that soluble fibers form when they dissolve in water causes things to swell . It hunger feelings and overall food intake. It decreases the number of calories that are actually absorbed from the ingested food.


Vegetables are nutrient-dense, meaning they pack maximum nutrition value with minimal calories, leaving you more full on fewer calories. Fiber absorbs water and takes up more space in your stomach, fighting off hunger pangs, too.   Junk food is food that offers almost nothing but calories—like french fries, potato chips and sweets . 


Eating healthy fats like ghee and coconut oil is good.   

To get rid of that stubborn fat and start building muscle, you need protein.  The body can burn protein to survive, but it prefers carbohydrates and fats; so when you feed it mainly protein, it will go for the carbohydrates and fats you already have stored.





The thyroid hormone thyroxine regulates the basal metabolic rate. People with an under-active thyroid gland tend to be sluggish and overweight.

The thyroid’s job is to make thyroid hormones, which are secreted into the blood and then carried to every tissue in the body.  Thyroid hormone helps the body use energy, stay warm and keep the brain, heart, muscles, and other organs working as they should.

The cause of the weight gain in hypothyroid individuals is complex, and not always related to excess fat accumulation.  Most of the extra weight gained in hypothyroid individuals is due to excess accumulation of salt and water.  Massive weight gain is rarely associated with hypothyroidism.  
  
Lacking a good night’s sleep can, in fact, cause you to gain weight because it makes you feel hungry all the time. It’s not your stomach that’s asking for food but it’s your mind that needs feeding.    One way to lower stress is to get enough sleep, ideally eight hours each night.  REM sleep helps you to perform better at your job.

Stress eating is even worse when it is accompanied by insomnia, anxiety, excessive agitation, and an internal “wound up” feeling.   This means the arousal thermostat is now set too high in your hypothalamus, a problem driven by a certain type of nerves called hypocretins.  These signals are core to pleasure seeking, which directly leads to excess food consumption or some other addictive “solution” in order to feel better.

Iron is essential for proper metabolism, including normal thyroid activation and cellular function. Rather iron is  indispensable to your survival.

Obesity-induced inflammation elevates a hormone called hepcidin, which has the unfortunate side effect of disrupting iron metabolism in your body. Inflammation associated with excess body weight elevates the hormone in your liver- hepcidin, which has the net effect of reducing iron absorption into your body from your digestive tract. The result is a metabolic nightmare of weight gain, fatigue, and poor thyroid function. 



Hepcidin levels elevate in response to inflammation. This could be from inflammation of any type: infection, toxin exposure, excess alcohol, medications, injury, excess exercise, lack of sleep, too much stress, etc.   If your body is in a state of inflammatory wear and tear it may be difficult to use iron in a healthy way. 

Rampant overuse of antibiotics and high-sugar diets have created an epidemic of candida albicans overgrowth in overweight people. This is especially common in overweight people with thyroid problems.. This means that your body may raise hepcidin levels as part of its natural defense against candida overgrowth.




Low iron turns on genes in your liver and muscles that promote fat storage and cause abnormal blood sugar elevation – precisely what goes wrong with metabolism that leads to the metabolic syndrome.

As you begin to lose weight, you reduce inflammation, hepcidin levels should come down, and the iron in your diet will work better.




Body fat secretes adiponectin, an anti-inflammatory hormone involved in glucose regulation, fatty acid oxidation, triglyceride clearance, and insulin sensitivity.  More adiponectin means better fat burning, favorable blood lipids, improved glucose tolerance, and lower insulin levels. 

Below: Baby, have one more Coke-- and then Shaggy will sing !!



Unfortunately, the relationship between body fat and adiponectin secretion isn’t like the one between body fat and leptin. The more body fat you have, the less adiponectin you secrete. That’s why the obese and overweight tend to have lower levels of the beneficial hormone.



Adiponectin tells your body to burn fat for fuel, but the more fat on your body, the lower your adiponectin levels.  To break the cycle and kick start your adiponectin, take a high-quality magnesium supplement or eat lots of seeds and green, leafy vegetables.





Garlic has excellent anti-obesity properties. Every minute our body cells die and our body makes new cells to replace them. Adipocytes (also called lipocytes and fat cells) are the cells in our body which primarily compose adipose tissue (body fat). In the adipose tissue, there undergoes a process wherein pre-adipocytes are converted into full-fledged adipose tissue or fat. This process is known as adipogenesis. 



Garlic inhibits this process of adipogenisis or the process of making fat.  Garlic stops your pre fat cells from converting into fat cells.   

As soon as you get off bed, slice a raw garlic using a sharp blade, into small pieces , to fill up a tea spoon and wash it down with a glass of water.



A lymph node massage is good.

Punch into Google search-
YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL  




Friendly flora helps protect your GI tract from bile-related irritation, but the lack of friendly flora causes digestive imbalance that is yet another metabolic stressor directly leading to fatty buildup in your liver.

Punch into Google search-
PROBIOTICS, PREBIOTICS, FRIENDLY GUT BACTERIA VADAKAYIL
*********************************************************************
BILVA , KOOVALAM TREE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BAEL TREE,   SCIENTIFIC NAME :  AEGLE MARMELOS L CORREA ,   FAMILY :  RUTACEAE ,   STONE APPLE TREE -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Bilva tree is called wood apple tree and its botanical name is Aegle marmelos.

Bilva tree ( Koovalam in Malayalam ) has been held sacred for many millennia by Hindus and offerings made to Shiva are incomplete without Bilva leaves.



As per our puranas , the bilva or bael tree grew from a spot where the sweat of Goddess Parvati  fell on the Mandrachal mountain, which existed in the east of mount Meru..




People who can see auras can see that the bilva tree has a strong aura, probably due to nano mercury in its leaves.   These leaves have a very pleasant aroma, and water sprinkled on the leaves shine.

The leaves emit positive energy and absorbs negative energy.  Try keeping some fresh bilva leaves at your work place desk , if there is a foul vindictive atmosphere there .  Bilva leaves have the ability to absorb positive scalar energy emitted by the Shiva Lingam.

The trifoliate leaves ( tripatra ) represents the three eyes of Lord Shiva OR Shiva’s trishul which represents the trinity of Dvaita Hindusim  – creator / mediator / destroyer.

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL  .



The coconut with three eyes is also offered to Lord Shiva. Only the middle eye can be pierces the the two are hard.  In places where Hindus have NO access to tropical tree coconuts, bilva leaves are used instead.
Goddess Lakshmi , wife of Lord Vishnu hold a fruit of Koovalam in her right hand.

The 6000 year old Ayurveda uses every part of this tree for amazing cures and prevention.

The bilva tree is resistant to any harsh condition thrown at it .

The bilva tree is usually found next to Shiva temples. Hindu puranas Shiva Purana, Padma Purana , Skanda Purana,  Devi Bhagavatha Purana etc details the procedures and protocol involving the bilva ( bael ) tree.

Koovalam wood with a resinous gum is used as yupam in various sacred yagnas like the athirathram.  

Yupam  is NOT a sacrificial post to tether sacrificial animals as tom tommed by  the white invader and their fake mutts.   



Yupam is a garuda flag  pole erected on the midpoint of eastern boundary of the yaga vedi of athiratram.  



Spread across 12 days,  Athirathram done often in my home town of Calicut is the oldest surviving vedic Yajurveda yaga.



Even a fallen bilva tree is never used as firewood.

When you have something as holy as this for Hindus, the immoral white invader must inject some poison , to drive a wedge between Shaivites and Vaishnavites ,  right?  



So here it is .

QUOTE - Brihaddharma Purana says Goddess Lakshmi , the wife of Lord Vishnu prayed to Shiva every day and offered him 10,000 lotus buds.  One day she fell short by two buds.  Remembering that Vishnu had compared her breasts to lotus buds , she cut one off and offered it humbly.  Before she could cut the other boob , Lord Shiva, pleased like pudding with her , stopped her.  Her cut breast became the fruit of the Bilva tree.- UNQUOTE


These are the types of stories churned out every single day in our national newspaper Times of India vide the spirituality column.   

Below :  " There is not one instance, not one single, solitary instance in which BR Ambedkar participated in any activity connected with that struggle to free the country.  Quite the contrary--at every possible turn he opposed the campaigns of the National Movement, at every setback to the Movement he was among those cheering the failure"  Arun Shourie in his book -- "Worshipping false gods "



And I guess all this has the sanction of enemies of Hinduism from within , the Hindu wolves in sheep's clothing , who are ruling us today.



To shore up the IMMORAL LIE of the white invader , their stooges of their FAKE mutts , created the following stotra.

Lakshmyaascha stana utpannam Mahaadeva sadaa priyam,
Bilva vriksham prayachchhaami eka bilvam Shivaarpanam.
Darshanam bilva vrikshasya sparshanam paapanaashanam,
Aghorapaapasamhaaram eka bilvam shivarpanam.


Born from the breasts of Goddess Lakshmi ( wife of Lord Vishnu ) , the Bilva tree is ever dear to Mahadeva.  So I ask this tree to offer a Bilva leaf to Lord Shiva. To have darshan of the Bilva tree, and to touch it, frees one from sin. The most terrible karma is destroyed when a Bilva leaf is offered to Lord Shiva.--   Sri Bilva Shtakam (v. 6–7)

Goddess Parvati ( wife of Lord Shiva ) resides in Her various forms in this tree, Lord Shiva is extremely fond of its leaves.   
  
Below:  Sacred Koovalam tree at Guruvayur Temple Kerala ( south nada ) 



According to the Skanda Purana, the Bel tree grew from the sweat droplets of Goddess Parvati which fell on the Mandrachal mountain.   

From then on the Bel tree emerged. Hence, it is believed that the Goddess resides in this tree in all Her forms. She resides as Girija in the roots of the tree, as Maheshwari in its trunk, as Dakshayani in its branches, Parvati in its leaves, Katyayani in its fruit and as Gauri in its flowers.

Below: Goddess Dakshayani 



Below : Goddess Maheshwari



Below:  Goddess Girija 



Below: Goddess Katyayani



Below : Goddess Gauri



Almost every Shiva temple or Devi ( Shakti/ Bhagawati ) in India will have a Bilva tree near it.  At midnight, on the evening before Durga and Kali puja, a ritual named  Bel Varan is performed .

Below: Maha Shivaratri at Kashi ghats 



Two of the most potent tonics in 6000 year old Ayurveda – Dashamularishtam and Chyavanaprasham has Bilva tree ingredients as an essential item.

 





Wanna have a gander into what makes a simple herbal Ayurvedic arishtam ( tonic ) with NIL side effects..  

What do these modern suited and booted allopathic doctors of Big Pharma know ?    

They know only chemical medicines with more side effects than good effects.

6000 year old Dashamoola Kashayam Ingredients:
Dashamoola  ( group of ten herbs ) -
Bilva – Aegle marmelos
Agnimantha – Premna mucronata
Shyonaka – Oroxylum indicum
Patala – Stereospermum suaveolens
Gambhari – Gmelina arborea
Brihati – Solanum indicum
Kantakari – Solanum xanthocarpum
Gokshura – Tribulus terrestris
Shalaparni – Desmodium gangeticum
Prishnaparni – Uraria picta

It is widely used in the treatment of inflammatory conditions.

Dashamoola Kashayam benefits:
It is used in the Ayurvedic treatment of pain in flanks, fever, bronchitis, cough with sputum.

Dashamoola Kashayam dose:
The dose is 12 – 24 ml, before food, at about 6 am and 6pm or as directed by Ayurvedic doctor.
It is usually advised to add equal amount of water to the kashayam.
It is advised to have a long pepper along with this medicine.

Dashamoola Kashaya Side Effects:   There are no known side effects of this medicine.

Dashamoolarishta benefits:

Indigestion, lack of taste, respiratory conditions, fistula, in diseases of Vata imbalance, vomiting, anemia, liver diseases, skin diseases, haemorrhoids, urinary tract conditions.
It is used as a general health tonic.
Dasamoolarishta is also used for ladies having problem with conception and pregnancy.
It improves immunity and strength.

Traditionally, it is used in the treatment of following diseases:--
Grahani – Malabsorption syndrome, IBS
Aruchi – Anorexia
Shwasa – respiratory diseases, wheezing, asthma
Kasa – cough, cold
Gulma -bloating, abdominal tumor
Bhagandara – anal fistula
Vatavyadhi – Vata imbalance disorders, neurological disorders
Kshaya – tissue depletion, chronic respiratory disorders
Chardi – vomiting
Panduroga – anemia
Kamala – liver disorders, jaundice
Kushta – skin disorders
Arsha – piles
Meha – urinary disorders, diabetes
Mandagni – low digestion strength
Udara – ascites
Sharkara – urinary gravels
Ashmari – urinary calculi
Mutrakrichra – difficulty in urination
Dhatukshaya – in emaciated, lean and weak person
Krushaanaam pushtijanana – improves nourishment in lean and weak.
VandhyaanaaM garbhada – useful in female infertility
Shukraprada – Improves sperm and semen quality and quantity
Balaprada – improves immunity, strength


Dasamoolarishtam side effects:   NIL.

Dashmoolarishta ingredients:
Bilva (Bael), - Aegle marmelos – root / stem bark – 48 grams
Shyonaka (Oroxylum indicum) - root / stem bark – 48 grams
Gambhari (Gmelina arborea) - root / stem bark – 48 grams
Patala (Stereospermum suaveolens) - root / stem bark – 48 grams
Agnimantha (Premna mucronata) - root / stem bark – 48 grams
Shalaparni (Desmodium gangeticum) – root / whole plant – 48 grams
Prishnaparni (Uraria picta) -  root / whole plant – 48 grams
Brihati (Solanum indicum) -  root / whole plant – 48 grams
Kantakari (Solanum xanthocarpum) -  root / whole plant – 48 grams
Gokshura (Tribulus) – Tribulus terrestris -  root / whole plant – 48 grams
Chitraka (Plumbago zeylanica) – Root – 240 grams
Pushkaramoola (Inula racemosa) - Root – 240 grams
Lodhra (Symplocos racemosa) – stem bark  / root – 192 grams
Guduchi (Indian tinospora) – stem – 192 grams
Amla – Indian gooseberry – fruit – 154 grams
Duralabha (Fagonia cretica) – whole plant – 115 grams
Khadira (Acacia catechu) – Heart wood – 77 grams
Bijasara (Pterocarpus marsupium) – heart wood – 77 grams
Pathya (Terminalia chebula) – Fruit – 77 grams
Kushta (Saussurea lappa) – Root – 19 grams
Manjishta (Rubia cordifolia) - Root – 19 grams
Devadaru (Cedrus deodara) – Heart wood – 19 g
Vidanga (Embelia ribes) – Fruit – 19 grams
Madhuka (licorice) – Root – 19 grams
Bharngi (Clerodendrum serratum) - Root – 19 g
Kapittha (Feronia limonia) – Fruit powder – 19 g
Bibhitaka (Terminalia bellirica) – fruit – 19 g
Punarnava (Boerhavia diffusa) - Root – 19 g
Chavya (Piper retrofractum) – Stem – 19 g
Jatamansi (Nordostachys jatamansi) – Rhizome – 19 g
Priyangu (Callicarpa macrophylla) – Flower – 19 g
Sariva  (Hemidesmus indicus) – Root – 19 g
Krishnajeeraka (Carum carvi) – Fruit – 19 g
Trivrit (Operculina turpethum) – Root – 19 g
Nirgundi (Vitex negundo) – Seed – 19 g
Rasna (Pluchea lanceolata) – Leaf – 19 g
Pippali (long pepper) – Fruit – 19 g
Puga (Betel nut) – Seed  - 19 g
Shati (Hedychium spicatum) – Rhizome – 19 g
Haridra (Turmeric) – Rhizome – 19 g
Shatapushpa (Anethum sowa) – Fruit – 19 g
Padmaka (Prunus cerasoides) – Stem – 19 g
Nagakesara (Mesua ferrea) – Stamen – 19 g
Musta (Cyperus rotundus) – Rhizome – 19 g
Indrayava (Holarrhena antidysenterica) – seeds – 19 g
Karkatashrungi (Pistacia integerrima) – Gall – 19 g
Jivaka  (Pueraria tuberosa) (Official substitute) – Root – 19 g
Rishabhaka (Microstylis wallichii) – Root – 19 g
Meda  (Polygonatum cirrhifolium) – Root – 19 g
Mahameda  (Asparagus racemosus) (Official substitute) – Root – 19 g
Kakoli and ksheerakakoli  (Withania somnifera) (Official substitute) – Root – 19 g
Rddhi & Vriddhi (Dioscorea bulbifera) (Official substitute) – Root – 19 g
Water for decoction – 20 liters. Boiled and reduced to 5 liters.
Draksha  (Raisins) – Dried fruit – 600 grams
Water for decoction – 2.45 liters boiled and reduced to 1.84 liters
Honey - 307 grams
Guda  (Jaggery) – 3.8 kg
Dhataki (Woodfordia fruticosa) – Flower – 290 g
Kankola (Piper cubeba) – Fruit – 19 g
Jala (Coleus vettiveroides) – Root – 19 g
Chandana (Santalum album) – Heart wood – 19 g
Jatiphala  (Myristica fragrans) – Seed – 19 g
Lavanga (clove) – Flower bud – 19 g
Tvak  (Cinnamon) – Stem bark – 19 g
Ela (Cardamom) – Seed – 19 g
Patra (Cinnamomum tamala) – Leaf 19 g


Wanna know what goes into an 6000 year old Ayurvedic  elixir like Chyawanprash ?   

When I was young my mother gave me this daily as an energizer, brain retention/ recall  booster, immunity booster and pre-emptive tonic.   It strengthens the nervous system, digestion, absorption and assimilation of food and balances stomach acids.

The main ingredient is amla or gooseberry.

Punch into Google search-
QUANTUM MEDICINE , INDIAN GOOSEBERRY VADAKAYIL

This tonic uses Ashwagandha .

Punch into Google search-
QUANTUM MEDICINE ASHWAGANDHA AND YOUR BRAIN VADAKAYIL  

The below instructions for making the Chyawanprash re taken out of  Charaka Samhita.

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL .

Anti-oxidant Chyawanprash created by ancient seers , boosts immunity,  purifies blood , invigorates the liver, and eliminates toxins . Chyavanprash improves sexual performance,  protects the endocrine system,  increases hemoglobin, lowers cholesterol level, eliminates bad effects of stress/ depression,  relieves fatigue, strengthens hair and nails, fortifies the respiratory system and protects against obesity.by boosting the body’s metabolism.

You get this anti aging and fertility boosting elixir  in any Ayurvedic store in India .

Indian Name / Botanical Name          / Common Name/ Amount (Mg)
Amla   Emblica officinalis      emblica                  15,000
Vidarikand      Pueraria tuberosa         pueraria           1,200
Pippali Piper longum   long pepper     1,000
Safed Chandan           Santalum album          sandalwood     800
Elachi  Elletaria cardamom     cardamon        600
Vasaka [Adulsa]         Adhatoda vasica         adhatoda         500
Akarkara         Anacyclus pyrethrum  anacyclus         500
Arjun   Terminallia arjuna        arjun      500
Ashwaganda   Withania somnifera     ashwaganda    500
Shatavari         Asparagus racemosus  asparagus         500
Brahmi            Bacopa monnieri         bacopa   500
Tulsi    Ocimum sanctum        basil     500
Hirda   Terminallia chebula     chebula                500
Sounth Zingiber officinale      ginger  500
Manukka         Vitis vinifera   grape   500
Yasthimadhu [Mulethi]           Glycyrrhiza glabra       licorice 500
Kamalkeshar   Nelumbo nucifera       lotus flower     500
Jatamansi         Nardostachys jatamansi          nardostachys   500
Nim     Azadarachta indica     neem    500
Gokhru            Tribulus terrestris        tribulus          500
Bel       Aegle marmalos          aegle    500
Giloy   Tinospora cordifolia    tinospora         500
Bhumiamla      Phyllanthus niruri        phyllanthus      500
Kachoor          Curcuma zedoaria       zedoaria           500
Nagarmotha    Cyperus rotundus        cyperus                500
Pushkarmul [Kushta]  Inula racemosa            inula    500
Bala     Sida cordifolia            sida      500
Kakadsingi      Pisticia integerrima      pisticia             500
Jivanti  Leptadenia reticulata  leptadenia        500
Punarnava       Boerhaavia diffusa      boerhaavia       500
Anjeer Ficus carica     fig        500
Long    Eugenia caryophyllus  clove    300
Dalchini           Cinnamomum zeylanicum       dalchini               250
Tejpan Cinnamomum tamala  tejpan  250
Nagkeshar       Mesua ferrea   mesua    250
Keshar Crocus sativus saffron  200

Bilva is called Bael in English  . Its large fruit is pale yellow  when ripe.  The Hindi appellation is Bel Sripal.

The fruit takes about 10 months to ripen on the tree .  The shell is so hard it must be cracked with a hammer or a large knife.



The fibrous yellow pulp  smells good of roses, and it tastes like marmalade . Its  hairy seeds are encapsulated in a slimy mucilage.

In India we make sherbet ( lemonade ) out of the fruit pulp.    We mix some fresh lime , honey leave it to stand for a while and strain it.  It is served with ice and a dash of cardamom as an appetiser.  One large bael fruit will yield 5 liters of sharbet.



We also make Murabba ( jam ) –like how we make amla murabba ( gooseberry ). It can be preserved for a long time.


The pale green leaves are aromatic.  There are sadhus who sustain themselves on Bilva leaves alone.



Every part of the bael tree is useful  -- the root, bark, leaf, flowers and fruit –all  have great medicinal value.



The flowering season of the bael tree is during summer season from May to July.   The flowers are fragrant, greenish white and it contains honey.  The bael fruits  attain full size in December and ripen from June.

MEDICAL USES :


The seed oil of bael fruit is anti bacterial and anti-microbial.  

The flowers of Bilva tree cures vomiting .

The root as well as the bark of Bilva tree is used in the form of a decoction as a remedy for melancholia and palpitation of the heart.

The leaf of Bilva tree is useful as a preventive for diabetes.  The fresh juice of the leaves is given with the addition of black pepper in cases of jaundice. Asthma can be controlled when a mixture of dry bilva leaf powder and honey is consumed daily.  The bilva leaf juice scavenges  free radicals.

The ripe fruit is laxative and unripe fruit is prescribed for diarrhea and dysentery. People with hypertension and  expectant mothers who have morning sickness eat bael fruits.  The fruit acts against intestinal worms. The fruit assists red blood cell production and helps in releasing energy from carbohydrates. Because riboflavin is destroyed by exposure to light, fruit juice with riboflavin should not be stored in glass containers that are exposed to light. A fair amount of pectin is found in bael fruit.  Pectin is good for heavy metal poisoning, high cholestrol, prostrate and colon cancer, diabetis and GERD.




II shrii ganeshaaya namaaha II

tridalam triguNaakaaram trinetram cha trayaayudham I
trijanmaa paapasanhaaram eka Bilva shivaarpaNam II 1 II

trishaakhair Bilva patraisha hyaschidrai komalai shubhai I
shivapoojaam karishyaami eka Bilva shivaarpaNam II 2 II

akhanda bilvapatreNa poojite nandikeshware I
shudhyantii sarva paapebhyo eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 3 II

shaaligram shilaama ekaam vipraaNaam jaatu arpayet I
somayadnya mahaapuNyam eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 4 II

dantikotisahasraNi ashwamedha shataanicha I
kotikanyaa mahaadaanam eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 5 II

laxmyaa stnam utpanam mahadevasya cha priyam I
bilva vruksham prayachchhaami eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 6 II

darshanam bilva vrukshasya sparshanam paapanaashanam I
aghorapaapa sanhaaram eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 7 II

moolato brahma roopaaya madhyato Vishnu roopiNe I
agrataha shiva roopaaya eka bilva shivaarpaNam II 8 II

bilvashtakam ediam puNyam yaha paThet shiva sanidhou I
sarva papa vinirmuktaaha shivalokam avaapnuyaat II 9 II

II eti bilvashtakam sampoorNam II

Meaning :

1) I offer Bilva Patra (A Bilva Patra is so called leaf having three small leaves.) to God Shiva. This Bilva Patra is a form of the three human qualities. Good Virtue (Satva), Passion (Raja quality) and Irascible (Tama quality). This Bilva Patra is like three eyes, Sun, Moon and Fire. It is like three weapons. It is destroyer of sins committed in earlier three births. I perform pooja of God Shiva with such Bilva Patra.

2) I offer Bilva Patra to God Shiva. This Bilva Patra is very pious, soft and there are no holes on it. As such it is complete in it self. It is like three branches. I perform pooja of God Shiva with this Bilva Patra.

3) I offer Bilva Patra to God Shiva. After performing pooja of Nandikeshwar (God Shiva) by offering complete Bilva Patra (as described in 2 above) to him, we become free from our sins.

4) i) Soma Yadnya (Sacrifices and such like things) is performed to receive blessings from God, to accomplish good things in our life and to destroy our sins. ii) People who perform religious duties even for others offer Shaligram (God in the form of a very pious Stone) to God Shiva. These (i) and (ii) are very pious and good things however to offer Bilva Patra to God Shiva is much more pious thing of all. Hence I offer Bilva Patra to God Shiva.

5) i) Long time back Kings and rich people in India were donating elephants. ii) Ashwamedha Yadnya (Sacrifices and such like things) were performed. iii) At time of marriage, father of bride is donating his daughter to bridegroom, and this is considered as a very pious thing performed by him. Above i), ii) and iii) are no doubt very pious things performed however offering Bilva Patra to God Shiva is much more pious thing than all. Hence I offer Bilva Patra to God Shiva.

6) Bilva Tree is created By Godess Laxmi who is wife of God Vishnu. God Shiva Likes Bilva Tree (Bilva Patra) very much. I perform pooja of God Shiva with Bilva Patra.

7) When we see Bilva Tree and touch it, it simply destroys our sins. Even our very bad and biggest sins are removed and we become free from our sins. Hence I perform pooja of God Shiva with Bilva Patra.

8) Lower part of Bilva Patra is God Brahma, Middle part of Bilva Patra is God Vishnu and Upper part is God Shiva himself hence I perform pooja of God Shiva with Bilva Patra.

9) Whosoever recites this Bilvashtakam by sitting in front of God Shiva temple will become free from all his sins and rest in Shiva Loka along with God Shiva after his death.

Thus here completes Bilvashtakam.
*********************************************************************
WHERE GOD IS , EGO CANNOT BE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Human love is limited because ego is contained in it.

In Hindusim , Jivan mukhts are people who have shed all ego.  

Ramana Maharshi was a recent one.  They are buried instead of being cremated.


Small Hindu children less than 28 weeks of age are buried, as they have NOT developed an ego.  They dont know when they steal -- or if they are naked .. 


 

Above:   the small baby in the video -- has NO ego.


To know more about ego—

punch into Google search-


EGO  FOUNTAINHEAD OF UNHAPPINESS VADAKAYIL

On the chemical tankers I commanded life is tough— I make my crew melt their egos regularly –life become easier .

Punch into Google search-

MELTING EGO, MEDITATION VIA BACK DOOR VADAKAYIL


During the first three years,the baby’s brain triples in weight and establishes about 1,000 trillion nerve connections— every connection made to perfection by brahmAn — the morphogenetic consciousness field.! 

This is why I call Charles Darwin--  a fu#kin' IDIOT !
*********************************************************************
KERALA ALCOHOL BAN AND NEERA TOURISM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
NEERA TOURISM IN GOD'S OWN COUNTRY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Alcohol is the reason for most of the road accidents , road rage crimes, rapes, murders, suicides, divorces and deaths in Kerala .  Medicare budgets are zooming due to Diabetes.,


Keralites drink brandy and rum .

Kerala has the highest per capita consumption of liquor in India at 8.46 litres, double the national per capita consumption of 3.97 litres.

 

Above video: Hitler is upset with Kerala alcohol ban.



I love to have a chilled CARLSBERG  ELEPHANT can beer in the evening before dinner .. a case of 24 beers sets me back by 3700 bucks .



Punch into Google search-

BEER, MODERATE DRINKING FOR GOOD HEALTH VADAKAYIL

Tourism , both external and internal will take a hit due to the alcohol ban.  But if the Kerala Govt is smart they will introduce NEERA to the tourist – a drink for the Gods, in God’s own country.

Punch into Google search-

COCONUT PALM TREE SUGAR , NUTRITIOUS SWEETENER OF LOW GLYCEMIC INDEX FOR DIABETES AND OBESITY VADAKAYIL



We in Kerala have never been mad after debauched Western tourists like Goa. 



We like to maintain and sustain our rich culture and glorious ancient heritage..


Due to heavy drinking diabetes has taken a toll.  

Neera can regenerate the burnt out pancreas.

Punch into Google search-

TYPE 2 DIABETES , THE EVOLVING EPIDEMIC IN INDIA VADAKAYIL




Neera gets fermented  at ambient temperature within a few hours of extraction at sunrise , from the coconut tree.  




Once fermented, it transforms into toddy with 4% alcohol , unless it is refrigerated.  So people who want a kick, can remember this !




LET THE NEERA TOURISM BEGIN .



By the way if tourists want to have a cannabis/ Marijuana drink like bhang—let them have it with Neera.  



It is good for health. It will cause hospitals to shut down and doctors to be unemployed.




Cannabis, ( Marijuana , Hemp , Bhang, Ganja ) was first brought down from the Himalayas by Lord Shiva to India -- from where it spread throughout the world.






Punch into Google search-

SAY NO TO HUMAN SUFFERING WITH CANNABIS VADAKAYIL



Jatatavigalajjala pravahapavitasthale
Galeavalambya lambitam bhujangatungamalikam
Damad damad damaddama ninadavadamarvayam
Chakara chandtandavam tanotu nah shivah shivam II1II

Jata kata hasambhrama bhramanilimpanirjhari
Vilolavichivalarai virajamanamurdhani
Dhagadhagadhagajjva lalalata pattapavake
Kishora chandrashekhare ratih pratikshanam mama II2II

Dharadharendrana ndinivilasabandhubandhura
Sphuradigantasantati pramodamanamanase
Krupakatakshadhorani nirudhadurdharapadi
Kvachidigambare manovinodametuvastuni II3II

Jata bhujan gapingala sphuratphanamaniprabha
Kadambakunkuma dravapralipta digvadhumukhe
Madandha sindhu rasphuratvagutariyamedure
Mano vinodamadbhutam bibhartu bhutabhartari II4II

Sahasra lochana prabhritya sheshalekhashekhara
Prasuna dhulidhorani vidhusaranghripithabhuh
Bhujangaraja malaya nibaddhajatajutaka
Shriyai chiraya jayatam chakora bandhushekharah II5II

Lalata chatvarajvaladhanajnjayasphulingabha
Nipitapajnchasayakam namannilimpanayakam
Sudha mayukha lekhaya virajamanashekharam
Maha kapali sampade shirojatalamastu nah II6II

Karala bhala pattikadhagaddhagaddhagajjvala
Ddhanajnjaya hutikruta prachandapajnchasayake
Dharadharendra nandini kuchagrachitrapatraka
Prakalpanaikashilpini trilochane ratirmama II7II

Navina megha mandali niruddhadurdharasphurat
Kuhu nishithinitamah prabandhabaddhakandharah
Nilimpanirjhari dharastanotu krutti sindhurah
Kalanidhanabandhurah shriyam jagaddhurandharah II8II

Praphulla nila pankaja prapajnchakalimchatha
Vdambi kanthakandali raruchi prabaddhakandharam
Smarachchidam purachchhidam bhavachchidam makhachchidam
Gajachchidandhakachidam tamamtakachchidam bhaje II9II

Akharvagarvasarvamangala kalakadambamajnjari
Rasapravaha madhuri vijrumbhana madhuvratam
Smarantakam purantakam bhavantakam makhantakam
Gajantakandhakantakam tamantakantakam bhaje II10II

Jayatvadabhravibhrama bhramadbhujangamasafur
Dhigdhigdhi nirgamatkarala bhaal havyavat
Dhimiddhimiddhimidhva nanmrudangatungamangala
Dhvanikramapravartita prachanda tandavah shivah II11II

Drushadvichitratalpayor bhujanga mauktikasrajor
Garishtharatnaloshthayoh suhrudvipakshapakshayoh
Trushnaravindachakshushoh prajamahimahendrayoh
Sama pravartayanmanah kada sadashivam bhaje II12II

Kada nilimpanirjhari nikujnjakotare vasanh
Vimuktadurmatih sada shirah sthamajnjalim vahanh
Vimuktalolalochano lalamabhalalagnakah
Shiveti mantramuchcharan sada sukhi bhavamyaham II13II

Imam hi nityameva muktamuttamottamam stavam
Pathansmaran bruvannaro vishuddhimeti santatam
Hare gurau subhaktimashu yati nanyatha gatim
Vimohanam hi dehinam sushankarasya chintanam II14II

Puja vasanasamaye dashavaktragitam
Yah shambhupujanaparam pathati pradoshhe
Tasya sthiram rathagajendraturangayuktam

Lakshmim sadaiva sumukhim pradadati shambhuh II15II
*********************************************************************
ASHWAMEDHA YAGAM , A BLOODLESS SACRIFICE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ASHWAMEDHA YAJNA , A HINDU EMPERORS OPEN VOTE OF CONFIDENCE FROM VASSAL KINGS,  KING MAHABALI OF KERALA ,  MAHARISHI KAPILA ,  BIRTH OF RIVER GANGES -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



FIRST READ THE POST BELOW-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html

We Indians came to know that Ashwamedha sacrifice was a bloody animal sacrifice only after the white invader came to India.

The immoral white historian and the R monopolised media created cock and bull stories to DIVIDE AND RULE and to soul harvest by making the Hindu self loathing. 



There were NO animal or human sacrifices in Sanatana Dharma, till the white invader came to India.  

After they white invader came to India they created FAKE Hindu mutts and installed FAKE shankaracharyas and hijacked Hinduism. 



They created FAKE gods  ( 33 crore of them ) for us to worship along with dozens of FAKE saints and Hindus sects . 

Every DASA saint is fake.

The mistress of Lord Krishna is FAKE.

The story of Lord Rma abandoning his pregnant wife Sita is FAKE

Even today every Indophile ( wolves in sheep's clothing ) tries his best to make the Hindu self loathing.

It is the Internet age .

Is wont work any more.

The ASHWAMEDHA horse sacrifice is such a FAKE story.

In reality Ashwamedha yagam is a bloodless homam after a VOTE OF CONFIDENCE using a white horse --allowed to be done only by King of Gods and mighty emperors of earth rivaling Hindu gods in respect earned .



So what does the vulgar Indophile ( like Wendy Donger ) or Wikipedia say about Ashwamedha sacrifice?

Here it is ---- ( you can check out the horrible and foul lies yourself by Googling ASHVAMEDHA YAGNA WIKIPEDIA ).


QUOTE:--
  
Anyone who should stop the horse is ritually cursed, and a dog is killed ..

The queens walk around the dead horse reciting mantras. The chief queen then has to mimic copulation with the dead horse, while the other queens ritually utter obscenities ( probably they were singing  ribald songs like DARA SINGH KA  LUND--  TEE HEEEE ! ).

On the next morning, the priests raise the queen from the place where she has spent the night with the horse.

The three queens with a hundred golden, silver and copper needles indicate the lines on the horse's body along which it will be dissected. The horse is dissected, and its flesh roasted.Various parts are offered to a host of deities and personified concepts with utterances of svaha "all-hail".

The human sacrifice, the Purushamedha, followed a similar format,  but included a man with the animals to be sacrificed. The price of the man was set at one thousand cows and a hundred horses. Like the horse, the man chosen for sacrifice was allowed to wander for a year. Once he had been killed, the queen lay with his corpse.

The Laws of Manu refer to the Ashvamedha (V.53): 'The man who offers a horse-sacrifice every day for a hundred years, and the man who does not eat meat, the two of them reap the same fruit of good deeds.

In the Mahabharata, the sacrifice is performed by Yudhishtira (. After the horse was cut into parts, Draupadi had to sit beside the parts of the horse.)

The ritual was performed in strict compliance with Vedic prescriptions (1.14.10). Dasaratha's chief wife Kausalya circumambulates the horse and ritually pierces its flesh (1.14.33).

Then "Queen Kausalya desiring the results of ritual disconcertedly resided one night with that horse that flew away like a bird." .

At the conclusion of the ritual Dasharatha symbolically offers his other wives to the presiding priests, who return them in exchange for expensive gifts.

 "An empire is like a horse and the subjects like other inferior animals" (p. 448). Thus, VSM 23.22, literally "he beats on the vulva (gabha), the penis (pasas) oozes repeatedly (ni-galgaliti)in the receptacle"

“ The three authors of the Vedas were buffoons, knaves, and demons. All the well-known formulae of the pandits, jarphari, turphari, etc. and all the obscene rites for the queen commanded in Aswamedha, these were invented by buffoons, and so all the various kinds of presents to the priests, while the eating of flesh was similarly commanded by night-prowling demons.”

The mock bestiality ( sexual intercourse with animals ) and necrophilia ( sexual attraction to dead animals ) involved in the ritual caused considerable consternation among the scholars first editing the Yajurveda. Griffith (1899) omits verses VSM 23.20–31 (the ritual obscenities), protesting that they are "not reproducible even in the semi-obscurity of a learned European language" (alluding to other instances where he renders explicit scenes in Latin rather than English). A. B. Keith's 1914 translation also omits verses.

This part of the ritual offended the Dalit reformer and framer of the Indian constitution B. R. Ambedkar and is frequently mentioned in his writings as an example of the perceived degradation of Brahmanical culture.

UNQUOTE:



They have even given a picture of the Queen lying down with the dead horse ( the prick of the horse is to be used as dildo for sexual gratification ) -- this picture was painted by a Muslim painter Sahibdin. 



They say he painted it in 1652 AD , which is a lie.

So all Indian Hindus are fools and perverts except our dalit  BR Ambedkar, right ?

Recently CNN IBN , the foreign funded TV station held a sham poll, to find out the greatest Indian after Gandhi.    We MUST believe that Gandhi is the greatest-- this is compulsory!

Now who is BR Ambedkar? 

He was taken to Columbia Univesity to inject poison into the Vedas. Being a dalit there is no way, he could have laid his hand of the Vedas. 

Out there in USA he wrote a book mocking Hinduism by the name of  RIDDLES IN HINDUISM, in league with the white Christian missionaries.

Punch into Goole search -

CNN IBN POLL, GREATEST INDIAN SINCE GANDHI VADAKAYIL 

So what is the truth about ASHWAMEDHA YAGNA?

The truth is the horse is NOT killed at all-- leave alone the queen having sexual intercourse with a dead horse's you know what..

A spirited horse is chosen , with white fur and no blemishes.    A yagna ( Agnihotra homam ) is held BEFORE the horse sets out on a guided tour.

Ashwamedha yagna cannot be held by a mortal.  It is held by the king of Gods Indra.   It can only be done by a mortal king if he has the sanction to do it by an avatar of Vishnu.   

This tradition of  deva monopoly was broken by King Mahabali of Kerala.   He was an asura (demon) king.   The people of Kerala were very happy with this king as he was a wise and just ruler, and there was prosperity all over.  The people were so happy in his Kingdom that they stopped worshipping the gods.

Goaded by his admirers and Maharishi Shukracharya , Asura King Mahabali did the Ashwameda yagna.  

The king now became an undisputed emperor .
   


Every neighboring king must accept the Emperor who is doing this Yaga as his emperor—which makes  him a vassal king .  The Yaga can back fire and cause imminent war .

Those days all gods belonged to one sect called Devas, while King Mahabali ( or Maveli ) belonged to the Asura sect.

This made Indra , the king of rival Devas , very jealous, as this was his prerogative, and nobody had the guts to kill or capture  the white Ashwamedha horse  of King Mahabali.

He prevailed on Aditi, his mother to convince Vishnu to correct this imbalance, where an Asura King could cock a snook at the King of Gods . Vishnu decided to intervene and took the 5th  avatar of Vamana --a blue faced Brahmin midget ( dwarf ) .

The Brahmin dwarf asked King Mahabali for alms-- a small grant of land.  The King told him that he can take as much land area as he wished, within his kingdom . But the midget wanted only three strides ( paces )  of land.

Immediately the kings advisor Sage Shukracharya who was a seer, advised his king NOT to agree to this request, as he suspected something amiss and was sure of foul play.

Mahabali being a very generous king, could NOT imagine going back on his word, during a divine sacrifice, which was all about honour and keeping a word of honour.



Sage Shukracharya,  still tried a last ditch manoevere.  He shrank in size using his powers and went inside the spout of the ritual water jug Kamandalu, from which holy theertham has to be poured to seal the promise as a divine ritual,  sealing the deal.  

The midget being Lord Vishnu knew this would happen and had a straw ready in his hand .  He shoved the straw into the spout gouging out Shukracharya’s left eye. 

Since this day on, the guru of the asuras has been known to be one eyed



So he agreed to grant the boon of three paces of land.  The midget Brahmin Vamanar immediately assumed the gigantic form of Vishnu ( the Preserver lord ) and in the first two steps covered the whole of earth and cosmos.



Then he asked the king where he should keep his third step. The king bowed down on his knees and told him to place the third step on his head.



Before that he asked that he should be able to visit and bless his subjects once every year .

Vishnu granted this boon and placed his foot on Mahabali's head and instead of driving him underground to the netherworld , he sent him to heaven -- pleased with his righteousness.

THIS IS THE REASON WHY ALL MALAYALIS CELEBRATE ONAM -- THE DAY THE KING WILL COME EVERY YEAR.   

It is a grand festival celebrated by Christians and Muslims in Kerala too. Such is the love and plesant memory evoked by an Asura king under whose rule Kerala prospered .  People pray that such peace and prosperity should come back--  yet the whole thing is more about GRATITUDE than greed.

A carpet of fresh flowers is laid at the entrance of every house in Kerala .

DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI MARKS THE VICTORY OF GODS , OR DEFEAT OF KING MAHABALI . 

HENCE DIWALI , IS CELEBRATED BY THE WHOLE OF INDIA -- EXCEPT KERALA.

So why is the unmanned white horse on a guided run across the emperor’s own kingdom and neighbouring kingdoms ?

This is the essence of Ashwameda Yaga.

The emperor seeks to check out if any of his vassal kings surrounding his empire want to challenge his supreme authority — in public.

The horse is guided by the emperor’s generals and chosen ministers .  They young princes generals follow the white horse , on their own horses.



The white horse with clanging bells is made to run  through the vassal kingdoms.    This is announced well in advance.   




Any vassal king can kill / capture the horse and thus declare war on the Emperor,  which will happen pretty soon.     

If he just captures the horse, there may be room for negotiation for certain terms .



The horse is even taken to enemy kingdoms,  and there is “diplomatic immunity” for the Emperor’s men not the white horse.  If the horse is unmolested these enemy kingdoms will be spared of any assault.

Any tough acting intentions are gauged out.

When the horse returns safe and sound, it means all is well  -- and the emperor's supreme authority is unchallenged.    And all know it too.  This is an utmost transparent procedure .

In the POST Ashwamedha yagna all vassal kings are invited,  and there are celebrations all around,  for peace and prosperity  in future.    




Soldiers go home to their families.  Such was the honour , that there would be NO attack by deceit. The authority is the emperor is declared as Supreme .

IN MODERN TERMS THIS IS LIKE A OPEN "CONFIDENCE " MOTION IN THE ELECTED DEMOCRATIC PARLIAMENT.

By the way Shukracharya , the mentor of the Aruras , is the God of many people on this planet and this includes the Persians and the Arabians in ancient times..

Punch into Google search-
SHUKRACHARYA IS AHURA MAZDA GOD OF THE PARSIS, VADAKAYIL

Shukracharya's bitter rival Brihaspati , the mentor of the davas , is the God of the western lands .
  
This is why they still say “ALLAH KA SHUKRA HAI “.
  
In Vedic astrology, there is a dasha or planetary period known as Shukra Dasha which remains active in a person's horoscope for 20 years, this is the longest dasha among all planets. This dasha is believed to give more wealth, fortune and luxury to a person's life if they have Shukra positioned well in their horoscope. 

Before prophet Muhammad created Islam, he was a worshipper of Shukracharya –as he was a Namboodiri .

Brihaspati was the mentor  ( guru ) of the devas of India— God of the people in Europe also known as Zeus/ Ammon/ Thor..

Punch into Google search-

THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON, BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER  VADAKAYIL
  
Both Shukracharya and Brihaspati were classmates—under a teacher Maharishi Angirasa  who was the father of Brihaspati.  This guru showed endless partiality to his own son Brihaspati though he was inferior in every respect to Shukracharya. 

Getting upset, Shukracharya offered his services to the bitter enemy of Devas ( who has employed Brihaspati ) the asuras.

The asura ( demon ) King of my home state King Mahabali employed Shukracharya as his political advisor.  In his rule the land of Kerala prospered due to excellent advise from Shukracharya making the Gods ( devas ) jealous.



The Mayan civilization worshipped another Asura, Maya danava.  In ancient days Peru area was PATALA. The asuras took refuge when they were attacked by Devas here.

Punch into Google search-
MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED  VADAKAYIL .

Maya Danava had his own vimana ( flying saucer )

As per our puranas ,  the Mecca oasis was called  'Makeshwar' ,  a place were Vedic agnihotra havanams were performed .

Kaabaleshwar was the name of the Shiva temple ( with the black stone ) –  where a Namboodiri family were hereditary priests , and they were Muhammad’s ansectors.

This Shina temple was owned belonged to the king of Calicut—  as it also doubled a as a trade post ( spices ) and camel watering place.

Punch into Google search-
VEDIC PRACTICES IN MECCA VADAKAYIL

Makh in sanskrit means 'Havan' or 'Yagya'. 

There were 360 temples in Kaaba with the grand Kaabaleshara Shiva temple housing a most powerful shiva lingam black stone in the centre.  

The white historian of Britannica says the truth ( for a change )  when they counted and recorded 360 idols inside Kaaba.

WHY DO MUSLIMS HAVE A HOLIDAY ON FRIDAY AND THEY PRAY COMPULSORILY ?

FRIDAY IS KNOWN AS SHUKRAVARAM  IN MALAYALAM  AND  SANSKRIT .

ON FRIDAY SHUKRACHARYA WAS BORN.

After this Vamana avatar Vishnu, came later as avatars Parashurama,  Rama ,  Krishna ( 4000 BC )  and Ayyappa  .

After Mahabali left Kerala , the land was oppressed by the Kshatriya ruling class.




Parashurama's ( Ram with an axe ) mission was to destroy the oppressing Kshatriyas. He threw his axe northwards along the coast line from Kanyakumari and reclaimed land from the sea, as per lore.

King Mahabali's grandfather was Prahalad whose father Hiranyakashyap was slain by Vishnu in his Narasimha avatar ( before Vamana avatar ).

In Yoga Vasistha Lord Rama asks his guru Sage Vasistha , who King Mahabali was, and the answer he got was that he was a great king and was protected by Lord Vishnu.  Lord Shiva killed Banasura the evil son of King Mahabali .





Above , you find a picture of the flower carpet we made in our home to welcome King Mahabali on Onam day in 2011



 Below :   find the picture of the flower carpet made today 7th Sept 2014 ( it has a GARUDA theme )
  



See how time flies !



The cultural heritage of Kerala comes into full bloom at this time.We in Kerala are proud of our culture and heritage, the oldest culture on this planet--  the land of Astrology, Math ,  Kalari and Ayurveda-- and our beautiful fertile land,  the most beautiful land on this planet.



Onam knows NO religion, language , caste, creed, sex, age, political leanings, financial status, or any other barriers. It is a unique festival-- the No 1 festival of Kerala-- at harvest time.




Ashwameda Yagam is also connected with the birth of river Ganges.

A free spirited horse , which diverted from its path, stopped running and was hanging around a Maharishi in deep meditation caused a domino of events which gave birth to river Ganges .



The ancient  kingdom of Ayodhya was ruled by the childless king Bhagiratha, who desperately yearned for Ganga to come down and wash away the sins of his forefathers.   Even though he ruled over a prosperous kingdom inhabited by happy people, Bhaigiratha remained sad, as he was childless. He was also saddled with the burden of giving moksha to his ancestors.

A long time ago, King Sagar, the then ruler of Ayodhya, had sent his grandson Suman to search for his 60,000 sons which were borne to him by his second wife Sumati. (She had actually borne a gourd which burst open to give way to these sixty thousand—test tube babies .) 

These sons, who were fostered by nurses in jars of ghee till they grew up to handsome boys.   They suddenly disappeared mysteriously while they were searching for a lost white let loose by emperor Sagar as a part of the great  Ashamedha Yagna.  

If this sacrifice had reached its logical conclusion, Sagar would have become the undisputed master of the Gods.

The great sage Kapila who, impressed by Suman's humble demeanor, told him that all his sixty thousand uncles had been turned to ashes by his angry gaze when they tried to blame him for stealing the white Ashwamedha horse.  




The unmanned white horse was too fast and powerful for its followers to keep pursuit. Feeling strange vibes the horse had homed in into the  ashram of a Maharishi and was relaxing  next to the meditating Maharishi. 



 Maharishi Kapila warned that the dead princes would not arrive in heaven by immersion of their ashes in just any river water. Only the celestial Ganga, which flows with its sacred water in the heavenly world, could provide salvation.
  
Time passed by and King Sagar died with a heavy   Suman was now the king, and he ruled his kingdom well. When old age crept upon him, he crowned his son Dileepa as king and proceeded to the Himalayas to undergo sever penances, to bring the Ganga down to the earth.  But he died before his penance bore fruit.



King Dileepa knew the last wishes of his father and grandfather .

He performed many yagnas (fire ritual) on the advice of sages.  Pangs of sorrow at not being able to fulfill the family's aspiration infected him, and he fell ill.  Seeing that he was wasting away , he placed his son Bhagiratha on the throne; entrusting him with the mission of completing the task still left undone.

Bhagiratha soon handed the kingdom over to his prime minister and went to the Himalayas, performing terrible austerities for a long time  to draw the Ganga down from the skies. Eventually, humbled by the dogged dedication of the ascetic king, Ganga appeared in human form and agreed to purify the ashes of Bhagiratha's ancestors.

 When Ganga agreed to bless the earth, a fear loomed. Will the unholy earth be able to withstand the mighty pressures of the descending waters ?.



To save the world from irreversible calamity, Bhagiratha prayed to Lord Shiva . Shiva assured Bhariratha that we would receive the impact on his matted locks -to enable the gushing waters to exhaust their, furious energy beforehand and then flow gently on earth..

The Ganga rushed fell in a mighty torrent onto Shiva's and calmed down in the passage through Lord Shiva’s  matted locks. 



The Mother Goddess fell upon the earth, in seven distinct streams: Hladini, Nalini and Pavani flowed east, Subhikshu, Sitha and Sindhu flowed west, and the seventh stream followed the chariot of Bhagiratha to the place where the ashes of his great-grandfathers lay in heaps- souls awaiting moksha . 
The Ganga flowed over the ashes of the 60,000 sons of King Sagar to deliver moksha , and usher the souls to the gilded gates of Vaikunta.. 



The celestial Ganga, is still falling from the heavens, timeless- gushing through Shiva's tangled locks, down to the earth, where sinners and worthy men alike flock to bathe in her waters and drink a gulpful .




Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..
Grace and peace !




maveli nadu vaneedum kalam,
manusharellarum onnupole
amodhathode vasikkum kalam
apathangarkkumottillathanum
kallavum illa chathiyumilla
ellolamilla polivachanam
kallapparayum cherunazhiyum
kallatharangal mattonnumilla
adhikal vyadhikalonnumilla
balamaranangal kelppanilla


When Maveli , our king ruled the land
All the people were equal.
People were joyful and merry;
They were all free from harm.
There was neither anxiety nor sickness,
Deaths of children were unheard of,
There were no lies,
There was neither theft nor deceit,
And no one was false in speech either.
Measures and weights were right;
No one cheated or wronged his neighbor.
When Maveli, our King, ruled the land,

All the people formed one caste less race
*********************************************************************
UNDERTRIAL PRISONERS IN INDIAN REMAND HOMES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




arrested on suspicion
incarcerated for sins not committed
victim of  moral absence
apathetic robot, heartless mannequin.
the judge would not look at him
he the  bane of human existence
he the  liability to society  
while rich lawbreakers run rampant
no hearts bleed for poor men
medals secured , promotions wrangled
no money for bail or lawyer
ephemeral expulsion excommunicates
disowned by loved ones for a bond surety
heart dragged through a cactus field of memories
hope breathes the final sigh.
callousness arrive in torrential flood.
dumped into a feral world of bleeding hearts
every moment , a minute past eternity
endless nights pass, will there ever be a dawn?
life churned on by iron gears
mind wrenched in morbid pain
heart bruised by callousness
love, once fluid, now  brittle and dry
regard for human life spirals down the drain
frightened into dark corners
fear of more degradation awaiting
vision blurred, speech slurred
too numb to feel anything
our rulers  indifferent to this blight
this unknown world,  rotting in its grave
in pestilence of saturation.
daily effort to ebulliate in remand,
threats to torch an empty body
truth must lie buried
more promotions for uniformed men
society’s unadorned ignorance          

can we deliver him from the chains?





Machal Lalung was arrested in 1941, at the age of 23 from the village of Silchang in Morigaon, Assam. He spent 54 years in jail without facing trial.  He was released in 2005, after the local human rights groups brought his case to the attention of the National Human Rights Commission of India.  Lalung died in 2007.   



After Lalung's release, he was taken back to his village, where only one villager recognised him. "We handed him over to the village headman but could not find his family or relatives" said a police official.

In 1968 Jagjivan Ram Yadav, detained without trial for 38 years in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, was freed on bail by the Supreme Court.  Yadav, arrested for allegedly killing a neighbour's wife in 1968, was never charged.  



Police who got rewards for cracking the murder conveniently claimed that they lost the case records.  His 65-year-old wife Patto Devi recounted how she had given up her husband for dead and clad herself in widow’s white .  “It was hell for the last three decades for me. Now I hope to spend the remaining years of our life together,” Patto Devi said.




Yadav's plight exemplifies the fate of seven out of 10 Indian prisoners – more than 70% of 322,000 inmates in India's 1,135 prisons are awaiting trial.    India's prisons officially have capacity for 237,000. 224,000 of inmates are on remand.

87% of prisoners in Bihar's prisons are on remand awaiting trial.  A lot of prisoners are very old over the age of 70.

The police take months to file charges, lawyers delay filing cases , judges are absent leading to frequent adjournments and the accused are not produced in time, as there were no vans .  Most of Bihar's 55 jails, for example, simply do not have enough prison vans to transport prisoners to the courts.

The absence of witnesses and OBJECTIVE evidence  impeded 20 % of hearings.  Innocent  remand prisoners are often released after wasting away their entire youvan in jails.  

Police love to show their smartness by slapping as many IPC sections as possible. 



The judges do NOT pull up the police and ask them to justify why unwarranted IPC sections are slapped for sadist reasons .  




Every IPC section adds up.


When a judge is convinces that a poor man will have to go to remand prison just because he cannot afford the bail,   or provide bond surety , why  cant he be compassionate and just  relax the terms ?  

 Sometimes this poor man has nobody to stand bond surety for him,  the way the judge wants ( with originals of Aadhar card, ration card , salary certificate  etc ).  

Does the judge even know how the court clerks who wear cheap chappals , but expensive underwear  milk money ?   Of course , he was a lawyer before, right ?  He knows the "usual" procedure.  A rich man will get anticipatory bail 100% even if the charge is non-bailable?  Does the judge even know how dirty and stinking a court toilet is  ?


Of course it is understood that certain people may hide or attempt to tamper with the case in some way—for critical cases .  But for simple things like IT act ( of Bunty Sibal ) defamation,  stealing a chapatti,  having a physical fight ,  jumping a red light ? -- he is gonna tamper with the red light? 


Does the judge know that 99% of the time it is the culprit who runs to the police first –  shouting that he has been defamed or beaten up .  Is telling the truth defamation or hate speech ?   Most of the time whoever paid more bribe for the FIR calls the shots.


Inability to get bail, sudden isolation from a loving family and the social stigma of prison are reasons that lead to acute depression. Remand prisoners are supposed to be treated as though they are not guilty.  However, they are treated shabbily as if they have committed a crime. Is this democracy ? Is this what our constitution wants ?


Remand is supposed to be used by the judge only when he is 100% sure that there is a grave risk to the public outside the jail  – but we all know this is never  the case.  In developed nations they put leg collars which can track the movement of such people . It is a cheap and simple device.

Trials also drag on because of a shortage of judges - India has only 10.5 judges per million people.  We need atleast  60 judges per million.  Our Supreme court is quick to point out that the executive and legislature are too slow.  The judicray shoots through the holster , right? –they are that faaaast ? –like Sudden.

By the way Sudden used to be my favourite novel series as a young child.

Punch into Google search-
SUDDEN , BY OLIVER STRANGE  VADAKAYIL

India's National Police Commission has said more than 60% of arrests are unjustified as police see imprisonment as an easy solution to check spiraling crime.


A prisoner on remand is someone who is imprisoned before the start of his trial.  He is desperately poor and cannot afford a lawyer, bond or bail.  

Because the prisoner has not been formally tried, he is presumed to be innocent under the principles of natural justice . He is entitled to special benefits and treatment that are not offered to regular prisoners.    

Being on remand can  be stressful and emotionally distressing, if a prisoner is innocent . Why should he suffer because the judiciary is too slow in India?  

Today we see the Indian govt holding back the innocent Italian marines, who have killed by mistake  .
When a case does NOT warrant a term in jail , why put the man in remand prison . The police must be punished if they slap unwarranted IPC sections ,  just to keep the man in prison , so that they can get promotions. 

Even lawyers struggle to convict a man— so that he can add that as a feather on his cap.  He will often boast about it  – for putting innocent men in prison ?  These are the people who become judges later.


More than 1/3 of the  people remanded in prison went on to receive a sentence that wasn’t prison in India over the past decade.  Then why put him in remand prison –just because he cannot afford bail ? Does bharatmata allow such discrimination on her children ?   Different rules for poor and the rich ?  

In India people were happy even if they were poor—not any more !


Two women came to King Solomon .  They fought over a small bay, with both claiming to be the mother. King Solomon said he will divide the baby 50:50 –  as both claim to be the mother , and he is unable to resolve the issue .   

King Solomon  swung his sword . Only one woman tried to protect the baby with her own body , crying out in despair  “ This is NOT my baby — give him to the other woman” .  



The other woman gloated “ See I told you so !” .   She was punished severely .

Our Indian judiciary will take 30 years and then give the baby to the wrong woman.

Sometimes perception beats OBJECTIVE EVIDENCE and PROOFS.  

Witnesses can be bought or threatened !! Can they NOT be put to a simple lie detector test ?.  



Terrorists smirk at media cameras and gloat “ We trust the Indian judiciary !”

They know the stupid Indian system , which gives lot of weightage to witnesses.   They do NOT allow for the fact that foreign desh drohi money and foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs produce witnesses out of thin air.

Why do we have a system where witnesses are asked to identify mega star Salman Khan in court ?  If this is NOT mocking justice,  or playing to the gallery, or going through the motions in a ridiculous manner—what is it ?


While on remand, these prisoners must be able to get help to carry on any family business using mobile phones / visitors - as long as it is legal and they are bread winners .

They can get proper healthcare from a doctors or dentists. Remand prisoners do not have to work if they don’t want to.   Remand prisoners should be out of their cells for 12 hours a day.

When toilets in Indian courts stink from 50 metres away can you imagine the condition or remand home toilets.

Remand prisoners are subjected to poor diet, overcrowding,  substandard bedding full of bugs,  poor ventilation, inadequate health care,  appaling toilet and bathing facilities, mosquitoes, rats and cockroaches.

When remand prisoners die , nobody is taken to task.  They are meant to die, right ?  Homosexual attacks are rampant.    Complaints are NOT recorded and they are futile.

NOW BUNTY SIBAL HAS ADDED SECTION 66 OF THE IT ACT — WHERE IF YOU WRITE THE TRUTH, YOU WILL BE ACCUSED OF DEFAMATION.  

ALLTHE RICH AND FAMOUS MAN HAS TO DO IS TO RING UP A SENIOR POLICE OFFICER AND THE SYSTEM ROLLS.   

MAKING A FALSE OR FRIVOLOUS CHARGE OF DEFAMATION HAS NO REVERSE PUNISHMENT.

People are afraid to report the truth for fear of going through the DEFAMATION grind.   

Take the case of  Ramesh Agrawal.   Ramesh Agrawal was jailed for two months in 2010 when UPA minister Naveen Jindal filed a defamation case, alleging that Agrawal defamed the company during his public meeting with the villagers.  Two years later Agrawal was shot in his groin and thigh.



“The local police is trying to dilute the case even in court so that the witnesses and accused do not point at Naveen Jindal on whose instance the attack was carried out. The main conspirator is still absconding and witnesses record statements sluggishly. Jindal is trying hard to ensure that people even remotely associated with him are not indicted in the case,” alleged Rajesh Tripathi, another activist from Raigarh.

Naveen Jindal  is the Chairman of Jindal Steel and Power Limited,  a part of the USD 17 billion diversified O.P. Jindal Group.  He lost the 2014 lok sabha election from Kurukshetra.

Let me quote Wikipedia-
QUOTE - On 25 October 2012 Jindal held a press conference in which he showed video evidence where it was clear that some officials of Zee News tried to extort a sum Rs 100 crore from Jindal in return for not running the story of Jindal being involved in the Coal scam.[11] Jindal filed a case against Zee News for extorting money.  Zee News has counter filed a case and the matter is sub-judice.  Later it was found that Jindal did the sting operation on the Zee journalists through Tarun Tejpal and his company Tehelka.  In return, Jindal paid 28 crore to Tehelka through fraudulent deals.--UNQUOTE

Today if you tell the truth and say that Kalmadi did some gotala in Commonwealth Games he can sue you for defamation and get you jailed.  

Your neighbor can rape your pre-teen daughter, in front of a large crowd and then threaten to sue ALL for defamation.  All he needs is to  bribe or scratch the back of  the top gun of the police . 

This is the sad condition of India.


Indian prisons have congested due to lack of political will—and of course the silly attitude of Indian judiciary that only they can point fingers at executive and legislature and media  – NOT vice versa. 

One pompous MeLORD pillar of democracy wants to hijack the other 3 pillars.



It is sort of generalized that remand prisoners are just bad eggs and simply social outcasts .  Our constitution does NOT allow this discrimination. Principles of natural justice of Bharatmata does NOT allow this.   

The judiciary be delaying justice has created resentment and hence anti-nationals—whose loyalty to the watan is eroded.


Detention on remand should be an exceptional measure and every step must be taken to ensure fair treatment and a reasonable chance to prepare for trial .  The way India has treated her remand prisoners is a good indicator of the quality of the nation's democracy.   

HOWEVER ALL NOTE --  

SEDITION LAWS ARE DIFFERENT.    DESH DROHIS ENGAGED IN SEDITION MUST BE GIVEN THE HARSHEST POSSIBLE SENTENCE .   



WE HAVE OUR BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA FUNDED AND CONTROLLED FROM ABROAD,  ENGAGED IN COVERT SEDITION .


Remand prisoners especially juveniles must NOT be put in prisons far away from their family. Imagine being condemned to jail without trial just because you were pointed out at an Identification parade by a so- called complainant—or even a false complaint after bribing the police to file an FIR.. 

In many cases, the accused is a mere suspect and there is no clear evidence against him proving his guilt.  Many times the police just tells a arrested person to sign on the dotted line , in a language the man does NOT understand.  This means that the accused is unaware of what the police investigator wrote as his statement and is unaware of what he has signed on to.  

If he hesitates to sign on the dotted line, the accused is not taken to court for a long period of time after his arrest.  Some detainees have reported remaining in a police cell for months before going to court. 

The pre-charge detention period is the period of time during which an individual can be held and questioned by police, prior to being charged with an offense—and this must be monitored .

Police are quick to presume the accused as being guilty rather than to presume his innocence until proved guilty. When beating the accused, the police officers consistently threaten to beat the accused to death or until he confesses.   That 70 per cent of India's prisoners are on remand is nearly the highest in the world, with only Liberia, Haiti and Mali being higher.

It would be a fair yardstick to say that any democratic nation with more than 10% cent of its prisoners on remand is not functioning satisfactorily --any nation with over 50 per cent is hardly functioning at all.

It is common knowledge that murders and jail guard abuse deaths are termed suicides.

Video conferencing ( electronic video linkage) must be used in courts to avoid excessive escort police, to dispose off minor cases . This is the first major step for bringing jail reforms.

Social organization in prison revolves around vicious prison gangs and no good role models in jails to be followed. Many prisoners are beaten, raped, brutalized or made to live in fear. Overcrowding makes environment worse for prisoners.



POLICE OFFICERS IPS MUST BE COMPULSORILY MADE TO WRITE A THESIS ON REMAND PRISONERS WITH SUGGESTIONS—BEFORE THEY ARE GRANTED THEIR DEGREES.

Where is the intelligence is keeping a large part of the population fettered and decapacitated without being charged .  To add to this we have Bunty Sibal's new IT cyber defamation laws to pander to huge EGOs— immature stuff like “he called me Bunty“  type kiddo complaints..



We shed crocodile tears for animals in cages –  Hey, how about innocent human beings in cages?   It is only right that the Narendra Modi govt has decided to release undertrial  prisoners who have already been in prison for over half the term they would have faced if convicted.



Crimes will sometimes go unsolved but an unsolved crime is better than putting several innocent men in jail – so that callous uniformed men get promotions and medals.
*********************************************************************
QUTAB MINAR WAS DHRUV STAMBH , VISHNU NABHI AND PRECESSION CYCLE OF EARTH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
INDIAN HINDU YUGAS , KALKI AVATAR ,  PRECESSION CYCLE 25765 YEARS ,  DEC 21ST 2012 END OF KALI YUGA , IRON PILLAR DELHI ,  GARUDA YUPAM , 27 NAKSHATRAS , SWASTIKA SYMBOL OF NAZIS ,  STAR OF DAVID OF JEWS  --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The Star of David and the Swastika symbols clashed .




The Jews are proud of their 6 pointed star, the Nazis are proud of their Swastika symbol.

Let me tell them-- both are ancient Hindus symbols.

The Star of David is the ancient Hindu symbol of Shiva merging with Shakti.

The Swastika symbol is found on the palm of Lord Ganesha the son of Lord Shiva.

Wanna know in more detail ?



Punch into Google search-
THE SWASTIKA SYMBOL VADAKAYIL

and

SOUNDARYA LAHARI BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL



Just about 22 hours ago ,I saw a TV programme on Qutab Minar. The Muslim Indian guide dressed up in suit and tie was in raptures , as if the Muslim invader who constructed this tower ( sic ) was second in glory only to the prophet.   

He was in raptures about this invader Qutb-ud-Din-Aibak's intelligence and resourcefulness and BLAH BLAH.-literally drooling from his mouth.

Sorry to disappoint him.



This tower named Qutab Minar existed about two thousand years before the Muslim invader came to India.


The Muslim invader only retroinstalled Arabic scripts from Koran after removing all  traces of Hindus gods and motiffs . 

Below: All bull !


The main structure remains the same, rather today there are only 5 storeys. The top two stories are missing . The 6th one is elected on the ground as a separate piece.

Below: Thief Qutab Ud Din Aibak fell from his horse and died in a polo match!



The Qutan Minar was made NOT to celebrate the victory of Muslim invaders over Hindus, --rather it is the essence of Hinduism itself, which is beyond the WILDEST comprehension of any Muslim invader.




Even today, with the top two storeys missing ,if you hire a helicopter and hover 50 metres exactly above the top of the tower you can see a most exquisite 24 petal lotus.  



A lotus is NOT an Islamic motiff.  ( BJP uses it ) 



Though the Muslim invader took special pains to remove Hindu motifs, he did NOT imagine that he must hire a helicopter .



At the main entrance itself you see Lotus motiffs. 



Lotus is the symbol of Hinduism, as a lotus with a supple long stalk emanated from the navel of Lord Vishnu.  


This is NOT some bullsh#t myth as made out to be by the white invader ---




Above:  The nutation of earth ( nodding motion-- flower type  ) happens because of gravitational attraction of other bodies that cause the precession of the equinoxes to vary over time so that the speed of precession is not constant.

-it  is the foundation of MODERN astronomy and cosmology.  




Below: The science behind Vishnu Nabhi







The Lotus moving in a circle on its supple stalk represents PRECESSION of planet earth.



Like I said in many of my previous posts --the entire modern astronomy science is lifted from ancient Hinduism.


The minar still faces north towards the pole star Dhruv  ( north star ) , unlike any Islamic structures. 



The iron pillar next to it has an inscription in Brahmi lipi that it is for Lord Vishnu. 



This is called a YUPAM in Malayalam and Sanskrit. 




Below: A Garuda Stambh ( yupam) in a far east country.



It must have a garuda ( eagle ) vehicle of Lord Vishnu mounted on top.



All around the astronomical pillar there are structures for the 27 Vedic star constellations .The Muslim invader has boasted that he destroyed all 27 structures in the pavilion -- but he neglected to say that he erected the Qutab Minar. 



He lived only 4 years and he just did NOT have the time . He was a most repulsive looking slave who became a king . He did NOT have the perception either . His horse fell on him during a polo match and he died .  


Subsequently many other successor Muslim invader kings retro-installed Arabic scripts . They just turned the stones over -- and when some of them fell off the stone slabs has Koran inscriptions of one side and Hindu Gods like Vishnu and Ganesha on the other. 



The 6 pointed star of David  lies all over the place and so does dozens of Hindu Motifs and gods. 

Below: Marriage compatibility 




Below: Miah--yeh star kyon chod diya? Isko bhi mithane ka tha !



I am sure Muslims will NOT contest this ancient Shiva Shakti symbol , now usurped by the Jews as Star of David.  TEE HEEEEE -- big mistake!

Can you believe this -- when Somnath temple was raided the Muslim invader carried away the massive sandal wood 6 pointed star door-- as second best prize. The first prize of the black Shiva Lingam stone ( to replave the missing one at Kaaba Mecca ) was hidden before the invader reached the temple..



He shoudl have looked down from top and seen the lotus.then he sould have looked up and seen this 6 pointed star.

The Vishnu Nabhi has to do with the precession of the earth of 24000 years . The Vishnu avatar Varaha ( boar ) adjusted this to 25765 years and adjusted the tilt of the axis of the planet to 23.4 degrees.

 Punch into Google search-


VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL

and

VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA VADAKAYIL



The Qutub complex initially contained 27 Hindu pavilion temples for each constellation which were destroyed and their material was used in construction of subsequent structures by Muslim invaders..  The ruins of some ancient temples are still present in the Qutub complex.

At the foot of the tower is the Quwwat-ul-Islam Mosque, the first mosque to be built in India ( as per Wikipedia and the guide ) —which is BULLSHIT as the first mosque in India and the second mosque on the planet is Cheraman Perumal Mosque at Kodungallur ( Muzris ) Kerala, India.. The Koran was edited in this mosque.



The inner part of the mosque near the Qutab Minar has a completely different architect than any mosque.  


The corridor is vedic Hindu style having rectangular galleries with holy symbol engraved pillars. 

Below: Miah saheb, yeh kaun hai ?



The only thing Islamic about it is the dome and Arabic fonts on the wall—that the name Quwwat-ul-Islam was given to one of the 27 temples left existing in a converted form. 



The remaining 26 temples surrounding the Qutubminar were destroyed almost completely.




The Greeks lifted from  Indian astronomy which is thousands of years older. . 





The precession cycle of 25765 years , repeats itself three times to cover all 27 nakshatras. 



The lord of each nakshatra determines the planetary period known as the dasha, which is considered of major importance in forecasting the life path of the individual in Hindu astrology.



Here are the 27 nakshatras .
#
Sanskrit

Malayalam name
മലയാളം



Western star name
1
Aśvinī
अश्विनी

Ashvati
അശ്വതി



β and γ Arietis
2
Bharaṇī
भरणी

Bharaṇi
ഭരണി



35, 39, and 41 Arietis
3
Kṛttikā
कृत्तिका

Kārttika
കാർത്തിക



Pleiades
4
Rohiṇī
रोहिणी

Rōhiṇi
രോഹിണി



Aldebaran
5
Mṛgaśiras
म्रृगशीर्षा

Makayiram
മകയിരം



λ, φ Orionis
6
Ārdrā
आद्रा

Ātira or Tiruvātira
ആതിര (തിരുവാതിര)



Betelgeuse
7
Punarvasu
पुनर्वसु

Puṇartam
പുണർതം



Castor and Pollux
8
Puṣya
पुष्य

Pūyam
പൂയം



γ, δ and θ Cancri
9
Aśleṣā
आश्ळेषा / आश्लेषा

Āyilyam
ആയില്യം



δ, ε, η, ρ, and σ Hydrae
10
Maghā
मघा

Makam
മകം



Regulus
11
Pūrva or Pūrva Phalguṇī
पूर्व फाल्गुनी

Pūram
പൂരം



δ and θ Leonis
12
Uttara or Uttara Phalguṇī
उत्तर फाल्गुनी

Utram
ഉത്രം



Denebola
13
Hasta
हस्त

Attam
അത്തം



α, β, γ, δ and ε Corvi
14
Citrā
चित्रा14

Chittira (Chitra)
ചിത്തിര (ചിത്ര)



Spica
15
Svāti
स्वाति

Chōti
ചോതി



Arcturus
16
Viśākha
विशाखा

Vishākham
വിശാഖം



α, β, γ and ι Librae
17
Anurādhā
अनुराधा

Anizham
അനിഴം



β, δ and π Scorpionis
18
Jyeṣṭha
ज्येष्ठा

Kēṭṭa (Trikkēṭṭa)
കേട്ട (തൃക്കേട്ട)



α, σ, and τ Scorpionis
19
Mūla
मूल/मूळ

Mūlam
മൂലം



ε, ζ, η, θ, ι, κ, λ, μ and ν Scorpionis
20
Pūrvāṣāḍha
पूर्वाषाढा

Pūrāṭam
പൂരാടം



δ and ε Sagittarii
21
Uttarāṣāḍha
उत्तराषाढा

Utrāṭam
ഉത്രാടം



ζ and σ Sagittarii
22
Śravaṇa
श्रवण

Tiruvōnam
ഓണം (തിരുവോണം)



α, β and γ Aquilae
23
Śraviṣṭhā or Dhaniṣṭha
श्रविष्ठा or धनिष्ठा

Aviṭṭam
അവിട്ടം



α to δ Delphinus
24
Śatabhiṣak or Śatatārakā
शतभिषक् / शततारका

Chatayam
ചതയം



γ Aquarii
25
Pūrva Bhādrapadā
पूर्वभाद्रपदा / पूर्वप्रोष्ठपदा

Pūruruṭṭāti
പൂരുരുട്ടാതി



α and β Pegasi
26
Uttara Bhādrapadā
उत्तरभाद्रपदा / उत्तरप्रोष्ठपदा

Uttṛṭṭāti
ഉത്രട്ടാതി



γ Pegasi and α Andromedae
27
Revatī
रेवती

Rēvati
രേവതി



ζ Piscium








 # Name Pada 1 Pada 2 Pada 3 Pada 4
1 Ashwini (अश्विनि) चु Chu चे Che चो Cho ला La
2 Bharani (भरणी) ली Li लू Lu ले Le लो Lo
3 Kritika (कृत्तिका) अ A ई I उ U ए E
4 Rohini(रोहिणी) ओ O वा Va/Ba वी Vi/Bi वु Vu/Bu
5 Mrigashīrsha(म्रृगशीर्षा) वे Ve/Be वो Vo/Bo का Ka की Ke
6 Ārdrā (आर्द्रा) कु Ku घ Gha ङ Ng/Na छ Chha
7 Punarvasu (पुनर्वसु) के Ke को Ko हा Ha ही Hi
8 Pushya (पुष्य) हु Hu हे He हो Ho ड Da
9 Āshleshā (आश्लेषा) डी Di डू Du डे De डो Do
10 Maghā (मघा) मा Ma मी Mi मू Mu मे Me
11 Pūrva or Pūrva Phalgunī (पूर्व फाल्गुनी) नो Mo टा Ta टी Ti टू Tu
12 Uttara or Uttara Phalgunī (उत्तर फाल्गुनी) टे Te टो To पा Pa पी Pi
13 Hasta (हस्त) पू Pu ष Sha ण Na ठ Tha
14 Chitra (चित्रा) पे Pe पो Po रा Ra री Ri
15 Svātī (स्वाति) रू Ru रे Re रो Ro ता Ta
16 Viśākhā (विशाखा) ती Ti तू Tu ते Te तो To
17 Anurādhā (अनुराधा) ना Na नी Ni नू Nu ने Ne
18 Jyeshtha (ज्येष्ठा) नो No या Ya यी Yi यू Yu
19 Mula (मूल) ये Ye यो Yo भा Bha भी Bhi
20 Pūrva Ashādhā (पूर्वाषाढ़ा) भू Bhu धा Dha फा Bha/Pha ढा Dha
21 Uttara Aṣāḍhā (उत्तराषाढ़ा) भे Bhe भो Bho जा Ja जी Ji
22 Śrāvaṇa (श्र‌ावण) खी Ju/Khi खू Je/Khu खे Jo/Khe खो Gha/Kho
23 Śrāviṣṭha (श्रविष्ठा) or Dhanishta गा Ga गी Gi गु Gu गे Ge
24 Shatabhisha (शतभिषा)or Śatataraka गो Go सा Sa सी Si सू Su
25 Pūrva Bhādrapadā (पूर्वभाद्रपदा) से Se सो So दा Da दी Di
26 Uttara Bhādrapadā (उत्तरभाद्रपदा) दू Du थ Tha झ Jha ञ Da/Tra
27 Revati (रेवती) दे De दो Do च Cha ची Chi




Slave Qutab Ud Din Aibak’s  master was Shahabuddin Muhammad Ghori.

Ghori conquered North India by extreme deceit.

Punch into Google search-

THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

On an arch leading to the iron pillar, Qutub Ud Din Aibak left an plaque that he destroyed the 27 Hindu constellation ( Nakshatra ) temples around the stone pillar.




Below: Miah saheb -- never expected an age of high resolution, high Mega Pixel cameras ?   There is no need to do monkey climbing to have a dekko !!














Below: Why the lotus hang up ?



Wanna know how the TAJ MAHAL and the Babri Masjid were built ?   

Majja aayega !

Punch into Google search-


BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL


Below video:  Watch the lotus of Vishnu Nabhi rotate on its supple stalk-- this is called precession.  Brahma sits on the lotus -- every 25765 years it completes one cycle-last on Dec 21st 2012.  





As per our Puranas, the stalk of the lotus flower emerges from the navel of Lord Vishnu . It is just NOT a simple flower –but an amazing allegory--  the lotus “seed-pod”, which is symbolically equivalent to the golden Mount Meru, the axis-mundi of the universe.   

The Qutab Minar is representative of the Meru.   Mount Meru is the abode of the gods and on top of Meru are present the palaces of Brahma and the protectors of the eight directions.  The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Brahma sits on a lotus which stems out of Vishnu’s nabhi or navel.

The samhita of Manu takes us from a pinnacle of light to the ultimate end-point of the process—the darkness of Kali Yuga.   The 24 petals is representative of the 24,000-year period of the Vedic Yuga cycle.  

The Sun itself orbits around the galactic center at a radius of about 8,500 parsecs and takes over 200 million years to make one full orbit.   This the adjustment Varaha boar ( Vishnu ) made as the Milankovitch Cycle of 25,765 years that is related to the precession of earth's axis.

Manu Samhita says :
chatvaaryahu sahsrani varshanaantu kritam yugam
tasya tavchhati sandhya sandhyanshrshch tathavidhah
itreshu sasandhyeshu sasandhyaansheshu ch trishu
ekapayen vartante sahsrani shatani ch
yadetat parisankhyaatmadadev chaturyugam
aetad dwadash-sahstram devaanaam yugmuchyate
daivikanaam yuggnaantu sahastram prisankhyayaa
braahmaikamahgyeyam taatati raatriraiv ch

The ancient seers of the Vedic culture referred to the Galactic Center as Vishnunabhi, or the navel of Vishnu. Brahma (Ultimate Creator) sits on a lotus,the symbol of divine energy and divine grace. The lotus grows from the navel of Vishnu, who is the sleeping god, whose dream is the universe. . . . 

Brahma opens his eyes ( EXHALES )and a world comes into being. . . Brahma closes his eyes ( INHALES ) , and a world goes out of being. Lord Vishnu is said to rest in the coils of Ananta, the great serpent of Infinity, while he waits for the universe to recreate itself.     

You cant have a big bang out of nothing—rather it is inhalation and exhalation.  How the cosmos is created is mentioned in the verses of Nasadiya Sukta.

Punch into Google search-
NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS VADAKAYIL

"He falls back upon the earliest and greatest of Revelations, those of the Sacred Books of India with a Cosmogony which no European conception has ever surpassed.  While the West was still thinking, perhaps, of 6,000 years old universe – India was already envisioning ages and eons and galaxies as numerous as the sands of the Ganges. The Universe so vast that modern astronomy slips into its folds without a ripple.”  

In hoary antiquity Manu indicates  a period of 24,000 years — clearly a reference to precession — consists of a series of four yugas or ages, each shorter and spiritually darker than the last. 

Manu is NOT about pouring molten lead into the ears of the Dalits – as Kancha Ilaih squeaks on TV every now and then—mindlessly repeating what was told in the past by BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar, the stooges of Rothschild.. 

Maharishi Manu was a very noble soul unable to be a bigot.

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL




YOU EXPECT MUSLIM INVADER -- AND THAT TOO A SLAVE-- QUTAB UD DIN AIBAK TO UNDERSTAND THE PRECESSION CAUSED BY THE LOTUS OF VISHNU NABHI -- AND THE 27 CONSTELLATIONS ?   

THIS IMMORAL MAN GLEEFULLY PUT A PLAQUE THAT HE DESTROYED 27 TEMPLE PAVILIONS -BUT DOES HE KNOW WHAT IT WAS ALL ABOUT ?

REALLY ?

OH YEAH ?

Wanna see some pictures of the mindless destruction of less that 0.01 % of grand Indian temples by Muslim invaders —which depicted how the cosmos functions ?   

In those days the Indian Muslim’s ancestors sat and cried holding on to painful bleeding penises, which had been forcibly circumcised .  

Lose the head or the foreskin—that was the choice.

Today we see the descendants of these Muslims treating these foreign Muslim invaders as heroes.  Pakistan has named their missiles, Ghori-- Gaznavi etc.

Punch into Google search-

THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE  VADAKAYIL



Below video:  Our 4 Hindu yugas are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg.






Check out the amazing science behind Qutab Minar.

All this has been reduced to pedestrian nonsense-aptly described by the shayar as follows-

ZALIM NE FARMAAYA QUTAB MINAR KO  DEK KHE
AASMAN KA LUND KAISA ZAMEEN PAR  AA GAYA


( Zalim the poet had one look at Qutan Minar and cried “ how did the prick of heaven land on earth”?)

The guide told the tourists that this 73 metre tower was made for 5 time daily prayers. 

Well whoever climbs 379 steep winding steps holding a lamp , 5 times daily, will soon die of hernia even if he wears tight undies.  

And mind you it would have been  higher as 2 storeys  6th and 7th are missing.




Before 1981, the general public could climb to the top up the seven-storey, narrow staircase. 

However, on 4 December 1981 an accident occurred when an electricity cut plunged the tower's staircase into darkness. Around 45 people were killed in the stampede that followed the electricity failure. 

Most of the victims were children because, before 1981, school children were allowed free access to historical monuments on Fridays, and many school groups were taking advantage of this. Subsequently, public access has been forbidden

Below: All broken and installed again by the Muslim invader -- the original exquisite continuity is missing !  Miah Saheb these frescos below are seen in ancient Hindu temples.. they are by no means Islamic motifs .




The first three storeys are made of red sandstone; the fourth and fifth storeys are of marble and sandstone. The sixth was dismantled, hauled down and re-erected on the lawns closeby ( see below ) 



The 7th storey with Brahma on top of a  white marble canopy with gold bell patterns inlaid is missing. 


The white invader managed to steal, destroy or poison inject millions of verses of Sanatana Dharma scriptures—but we know .



Bits of Sanskrit inscriptions can still be deciphered in the premises on numerous pillars and walls. The frieze Patterns on the tower show signs of tampering, ending abruptly or in a medley of incongruent lines. 

The Arabic lettering is interspersed with Hindu motifs like lotus buds hanging limp.. The brick red colour ( red ochre ) of the tower is sacred to the Hindus.




24 petal rashi chakra depicts the zodiac . It is a belt of the heavens limited by  lines about 8 degrees on either side of the ecliptic or the path of  the Sun.    In Hinduism we have 12 signs (‘Rashis’), each 30°, of the zodiac  and 27 constellations,  each of 13°.20’ (thirteen degrees and twenty  minutes). 

Below:   this is the same Hindu motif as on top of the Garuda Yupam ! Aisa kaisa miah saheb ?



The word ‘Rashi’ (sign) literally means ‘heap’ or ‘cluster’  which indicates towards the cluster of constellations. There are  countless stars in the galaxy. These countless stars which are  scattered in the sky have been divided in groups by us for our  convenience and then seeing the resemblance of their shapes, they  been named accordingly.




The nearby 7 metres high Iron Pillar 912 BC  is a metallurgical curiosity, standing in the Qutab complex. The pillar has Brahmic inscriptions on it that predate the Islamic minar.  It has not rusted due to a phosphorous oxide patina or micro film veneer. 



You cant date this pillar by scrapping off the oxide veneer. The height of the pillar, from the top of its capital to the bottom of its base, is 7.21 m, 1.12 m of which is below ground. Its bell pattern capital is 1.07 m in height, and its bulb-shaped base is 0.71 m high.



The Garuda on top is missing.  The base rests on a grid of iron bars soldered with lead into the upper layer of the dressed stone pavement. It is estimated to weigh about 6.6 tonnes .




A gigantic red-stone, ornate gate- way led to the sacred enclave known as Nakshatralaya.  There- fore gateway is traditionally known as Alaya-Dwar. It has been ridiculously re-named a Allauddin darwaza. 



No Islamic structure has entrances facing north.   





BY WAY ,IF THE JUDE STAR HAD EIGHT POINTS -- THE JEWS WOULD HAVE HOLLERED 8 MILLION DIED IN WORLD WAR 2 .




sorry, we Hindus will NOT change our symbols-- below ANAHATA CHAKRA 







Western astrology takes the tropical approach, whereas Hindu astrology takes the ACCURATE sidereal one.    This results in the originally unified zodiacal coordinate system drifting apart gradually, with a clockwise (westward) precession of 1.4 degrees per century.

For the tropical zodiac used in Western astronomy and astrology, this means that the tropical sign of Aries currently lies somewhere within the constellation Pisces ("Age of Pisces").     Most perceptive modern Western astrologers, have advocated abandoning the tropical system in favour of a sidereal one.  

This is what happens when you steal without understanding the concepts.

Vedic Hindu astronomy uses sidereal time which takes into account the precession of the equinoxes—though the white man tries to ridicule us for NOT knowing this— and that too after immorally after copying from us. 

The earth revolves around the sun in a ELLIPTICAL orbit -- and at the same time the earth wobbles on its own axis -- like a slowed down top, where it takes 25765 years for a full round wobble ..

Malayalam Month ( sidereal )   / English Months     
Chingam /        16 August -15 September
Kanni  /           16 September -15 October
Thulam   /        16 October -15 November
Vrischikam/     16 November -15 December
Dhanu /           16 December -14 January
Makaram/        15 January –14 February
Kumbham/      15 February -14 March
Meenam/         15 March -14 April
Medam/           15 April -15 May
Edavam/          16 May -15 June
Midhunam/      16 June -15 July
Karkhidakam/  16 July -15 August

On the day, the Sun leaves Meenam Rasi and enters Meda Rasi, it is Vishu Sankraman and Malayalam festival Vishu is celebrated the next day.  The first day for Medam is the unchangeable day of Vishu, whereas other festivals are determined according to the lunar asterisms on which they fall.

Tropical Zodiac/  English Months
Aries/         21 March –20 April   
Taurus/       21 April –21 May      
Gemini /      22 May – 21 June   
Cancer/       22 June –22 July
Leo /           23 July – 22 August  
Virgo  /        23 August –23 September   
Libra /          24 September – 23 October 
Scorpio/            24 October –22 November   
Sagittarius/        23 November –21 December
Capricorn/        22 December –20 January     
Aquarius /         21 January –19 February       
Pisces  /            20 February –20 March

Mind you ,all these fancy English ( Greeko ) names are all STOLEN from the ancient Hindu calendar.  All their constellations names too are stolen.

Just a few examples:
Tulam is Libra ( balance ).
Chingam or Simham is Leo ( lion )
Kanni or kanya is Virgo ( virgin girl )
Meenam is Pisces ( fish )
Kumbam is Aquarius ( water pot ).
Midhunam is Gemini ( couple )

The precession of the equinoxes of the Earth is a motion that causes the axis of the Earth's rotation to remain FIXED at an angle of 23.4 degrees, however, it rotates along a great circle with a period of 25765 years.

The result is that the two points where the equator of the Earth intersect the ecliptic plane, the vernal and autumnal equinoxes, precess westward along the ecliptic by 360 degrees per 25,765 years or 50.26 seconds of arc per year. 



This is also equal to 0.125 seconds of arc per day or 0.008 seconds of time, so that each day the synchronization between sidereal and solar time slips a bit.

THE VERNAL EQUINOX AS A RESULT OF PRECESSION MOVES 50.26 ARC SECONDS WESTWARDS EVERY YEAR RELATIVE TO THE STARS.



THE EARTH TAKES 20 MINUTES TO REVOLVE THOUGH AN ARC OF 50.26 SECONDS IN ITS ORBIT, SO THE TROPICAL YEAR ( YEAR OF SEASONS ) IS 20 MINUTES SHORTER THAN THE SIDERIAL YEAR.



A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years ( instead of 4,230,000 ).

Precession of the earth is approx. 50.26 seconds every year.. .( 1 degree is 60 minutes and 1minute is 60 seconds )


The 25765 years is divided into 4 yugas in a ratio of 4:3:2:1. ( satya/ treta/ dwapara/ kali ) .


Maya Danava composed the Surya Siddhantam towards the end of Krta Yuga.  He gave his daughter Mandodari in marriage to Ravana.  He built  the Maya Sabha for the Pandavas in IndraPrastha in the Dwapara Yuga.  

So he lived for a part of Kruta Yuga, the entire Tretha Yuga and a part of Dwapara Yuga.

Punch into Google search-
MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED  VADAKAYIL

The sun has this  motion by which it revolves round a grand center called Vishnunabhi, which is the seat of the creative power.

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.


Cosmic mechanism is in reality is a spiral, never a stagnant circle. A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years instead of 4,230,000. 

The first point of Pisces was the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic  till 21st Dec 2012.   From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes and markes the end of Kali yugam.




Dharma walks on four feet in Krutha/Satya Yuga, on 3 feet in Tretha Yuga, on two feet in Dwapara Yuga and one foot in Kaliyuga- this is an allegory.


BELOW: BEGGARS WHO DRESS UP AS KINGS WILL BE DECIMATED BY KALKI AVATAR -- BIG BROTHER AND HIS STOOGES TAKE NOTE !




At the end of  Kali Yuga the Kalki avatar kicks in  ( 21st Dec 2012 ) --with a cusp of 30 years .



The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.



The Hindu Puranas describe a number of cycles within cycles, with and cycle measured in different types of units .    



A cycle of four yugas takes 25765 years , instead of 4,230000.



Cosmic mechanism is in reality is a GOLDEN spiral, never a stagnant circle.



Sanatana dharma came under the code of Saraswati river vedic influence by 9500 BC.    At this time the whole of the white mans's world was under 1 kilometer of hard ice-- and India ruled the whole world.



The first point of Pisces is the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic.    0n 2286 BC the zodiac of taurius ( indian rishabham / aldebaran )) is over-- it existed only from 4435 BC to 2286 BC -- the age from 2286 BC is aries, ( indian medam / hamal )) the ram till 137 BC .   From 137 BC to 2012 AD it is the age of pisces( indian eenam ) . 



From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes.



360 degrees = 360*60 minutes = 360*60*60 seconds of arc = 1296000 seconds of arc.

1296000 seconds of arc/50.26 seconds of arc/year = 25785.91 years. It takes 25785.91 years for 1 full circle – ‘ for Revati to ‘return”



Till 5000 BC when the rig veda was written down in sanskrit , the vedas were handed down orally.  The Maharishis felt that the DNA would be degraded and pineal glands atrophied.  



When the wrote down the verses they put allegories and made subtle changes , so that only the perceptive read it and the vast knowledge cannot be stolen easily.







Below: Red fort New Delhi ( arch Khas Mahal ) --  MIAH SAHEB--   SURYAVANSHI RAJPUT SYMBOL MALOOM  HAI ?  phir kya maloom?  julie-julie ?

Check out the Arabic writing -- crudely retro-installed !!!




Below:  Innards of the Taj mahal—Miah sahib -- What is the need for a mausoleum , to have hundreds of bricked up rooms in seven stories, with dozens of toilets?




Aiswarya rJanuary 14, 2016 at 10:00 PM
Captainji,

Sorry for the continuous disturbance but pls answer why Abhijith is not considered in malayalam calender?

Thank you.


Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 14, 2016 at 11:31 PM
hi ar,


all calenders on the planet are derived from the calender of asura MAYA DANAVA in sanskrit/ malayalam.

Maya Danava was the father of mandodari, the beautiful wife of ravana.

duryodhana fell in the pool of the palace made by maya danava at indraprasta. maya danava escaped to peru ( patala ) when Shiva got pissed off with him

Maya Danava's sons Dundhubi and Mayavi were killed by the Vali.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html

Maya is the author of Surya Siddhantam.

In Bhagavad Gita, Krishna tells Arjun, that among Nakshtras he is Abhijit. Hence Abhijit Nakshatra is an auspicious time in the Hindu Calendar

Abhijit is the Sanskrit name for Vega, the brightest star in the northern constellan of Lyra.

Abhijit’s longitude starts from 06° 40' to 10° 53' 20 in sidereal Capricorn i.e. from the last quarter of nakshatra Uttara Ashādhā to first 1/15 th part of Shravana.

Hence, Abhijit nakshatra is not a regular nakshatra with four padas or quarters, it serves as an intercalary asterism most of the times.

Each of the 27 asterisms ( nakshatras) is feminine, only Abhijit is masculine.

However , Moon ( Chandra) is said to have 27 (not 28) wives with whom he stays for one day in a sidereal lunar month.

Nakshatra is the term for lunar mansion in Hindu astrology. A nakshatra is one of 27 sectors along the ecliptic.
The starting point for the nakshatras is the point on the ecliptic directly opposite to the star Spica called Chitrā in Sanskrit . It is called Meshādi or the "first point of Aries".

In Hindu sidereal astrology the first point of Aries remains aligned with Ras Hammel "the head of the ram", i.e. the Aries constellation.

The ecliptic is divided into each of the nakshatras eastwards starting from this point. The number of nakshatras reflects the number of days in a sidereal month (modern value: 27.32 days), the width of a nakshatra traversed by the Moon in about one day. Each nakshatra is further subdivided into four quarters (or padas).

These play a role in popular Hindu astrology, where each pada is associated with a syllable, conventionally chosen as the first syllable of the given name of a child born when the Moon was in the corresponding pada.

However in the Atharva Veda 19.7( 5000 BC ) there are 28 nakshatras—which includes Abhijit. The classical concept of a "lunar mansion" was first found in the Atharvaveda.

In the Atharvaveda (Shaunakiya recension, hymn 19.7) a list of 28 stars or asterisms is given, many of them corresponding to the later nakshatras:

(1) Kṛttikā (the Pleiads), (2) Rohinī, (3) Mrigashīrsha, (4) Ārdrā, (5) Punarvasu, (6) Sūnritā, (7) Pushya, (8) Bhanu (the Sun), (9) Asleshā, (10) Maghā, (11) Svāti (Arcturus), (12) Chitrā (Spica), (13) Phalgunis, (14) Hasta, (15) Rādhas, (16) Vishākhā, (17) Anurādhā, (18) Jyeshthā, (19) Mūla, (20) Ashādhas, (21) Abhijit, (22) Sravana, (23) Sravishthās, (24) Satabhishak, (25) Proshtha-padas, (26) Revati, (27) Asvayujas, (28) Bharani.

The first astronomical text that lists them is the Vedanga Jyotisha.

The creation of the nakshatras is attributed to Daksha. Maya Danava was a descendant of Danu, one of Kasyapa‘s 13 wives and a daughter of Dakhsa Prajapati.

They are personified as daughters of the deity and as wives of Chandra, the Moon god, or alternatively the daughters of Kashyapa, the brother of Daksha.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/maya-inca-aztec-civilizations-decoded.html

CONTINUED TO 2-


Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 14, 2016 at 11:32 PM
CONTINUED FROM 1-

Each of the nakshatras is governed as 'lord' by one of the nine graha in the following sequence: Ketu (South Lunar Node), Shukra (Venus), Ravi or Surya (Sun), Chandra (Moon), Mangala (Mars), Rahu (North Lunar Node), Guru or Brihaspati (Jupiter), Shani (Saturn) and Budha (Mercury).

This cycle repeats itself three times to cover all 27 nakshatras. The lord of each nakshatra determines the planetary period known as the dasha, which is considered of major importance in forecasting the life path of the individual in Hindu astrology.

In Surya Siddhanta Maya Danava equated TIME with "nakshatra". Maya Danava wrote that a "prana" is a duration of 4 seconds. He then continues with a discussion of a number of time units with progressively long durations made up of the shorter time units all composed of a number of pranas. Amongst those time units are something he calls "nakshatra."

For example, there are 15 pranas in a minute; 900 pranas in an hour; 21600 pranas in a day, 583,200 pranas in a nakshatra (month). Thus a nakshatra is a time unit with a duration of 27 days. This 27 day time cycle has been taken to mean a particular group of stars.

The relationship to the stars really has to do with the periodicity with which the Moon travels over time and through space past the field of the specific stars called nakshatras.

Hence, the stars are more like numbers on a clock through which the hands of time pass (the moon). Over time , this concept that nakshatra means a time unit has been lost and diverted to meaning a set of stars in the sky.

The Moon remains in each Nakshatra for approximately one day.

The nakshartas are now used as celestial markers in the heavens. When these were mapped into equal divisions of the ecliptic, a division of 27 portions was adopted since that resulted in a cleaner definition of each portion (i.e. segment) subtending 13° 20' (as opposed to 12° 51 3/7’ in the case of 28 segments).

In the process, the Nakshatra Abhijit was left out without a portion. The Surya Siddhantha of Maya Danava concisely specifies the coordinates of the twenty seven Nakshatras

Hindu astrologers teach that when a child is born, they should be given an auspicious first name which will correspond to the child's Nakshatra. The technique for deducing the name is to see which nakshatra the Moon is in at the moment of birth; this gives four possible sounds.

A refinement is to pick one sound out of that four that relates to the Pada or division of the Nakshatra. Each Nakshatra has four Padas and four sounds and each Pada is of equal width. The upper word is the nakshatra, the constellation of stars (asterisms) nearest to the moon on that day.

MALAYALAM/ SANSKRIT
Aswati/ Aswini
Bharani/ Bharani
Kartika/ Krttika
Rohini/ Rohini
Makayiram/ MrgaShirsha
ThiruAthira/ Ardra
Punartham /Punarvasu
Pooyam/ Pushya
Ayilyam/ Aashlesha
Makam/ Magha
Pooram/ Poorva Phalguni
Uthram/ Uthara Phalguni
Atham/ Hastam
Chithira/ Chitra
Chothi/ Swathi
Visakham/ Visakha
Anizham/ Anuradha
Ketta/ Jyeshta
Moolam/ Moola
Pooradam/ PoorvaAshadha
Uthradam/ UtharaAshada
(Abhijit)/ (Abhijit)
ThiruOnam/ Shravana
Avittam/ Shravishta
Chathayam/ Shathabhisha
Pooruruttathi/ PoorvaBhadrapada
Uthrttahi /UtharaBhadrapada
Revathi/ Revathi

CONTINUED TO 3-


Capt. Ajit VadakayilJanuary 14, 2016 at 11:32 PM
CONTINUED FROM 2-

The period of revolution of the moon is not an exact integer multiple of the period of rotation of the Earth: it is 27.3 days. Hence a 28th nakshatra (Abhijit) with an unusually short interval (about eight hours) is inserted to compensate for this.

Initially, the zodiac was grouped in 12 Rashis for convenience, however the ancient seers have farther subdivided the heavens into 27 Nakshatras or star constellations for the call of precession. These constellations or the Nakshatras emerged as one of the most important components in Astrology.

Vedic astrology identifies each constellation with a star. The 360 degree division of the sky is therefore further divided into 27 subdivision of 13.20 degrees identified with 27 stars. Each of these Nakshatras are farther subdivided into four Padas or quarters of 3 degrees and 20 minutes.

Therefore the first Rashi, Mesha, which has 30 degrees, contains the entire 4 Padas (13:20′) of the 1st star constellation Ashwini, the entire 4 Padas (13:20′) of the 2nd star constellation Bharani and the 1st Pada (3:20′) of the third star constellation Krittika. In this manner, each Rashi comprises of 9 Padas

These Nakshatras are broadly classified under the three heads of Deva (divine), Nara (human) and Rakshasa (Demonic).
No/ Nakshatras /Astronomical Name/ Deity/Ruling Planet Starting Dasha/ Colour
28 /Abhijit / Vega / Brahma / Sun / Brownish yellow

Abhijit Muhurat is AN auspicious time during midday of about 48 minutes. Abhijit Muhurat is capable of destroying innumerable Doshas and it is considered one of the best Muhurats to start all sort of auspicious works.

Lord Shiva killed demon Tripurasur during Abhijit Muhurat. Abhijit Muhurat is also not suitable for Manglik activities like marriage and Upanayana ceremonies. The duration of the abhijit muhurat lingers up to 48 minutes. 24 minutes before and after the sidereal time is called the abhijit muhurat.

As the abhijit muhurat is auspicious people opt for this muhurat to perform their work. Abhijit muhurat safeguards a work even if the day is inauspicious. Astrologers say that if in any condition an auspicious work does not have a good muhurat then you can perform their work on the auspicious abhijit muhurat.

Hence the 28th intercalary nakshatra to compensate for the sidereal month being
eight hours more than 27 days is Abhijit (alpha, epsilon and zeta
Lyrae - Vega ) - between Uttarashada and Sravana.

Every Zodiac sign is copied from Malayalam / Sanskrit—THIEVES !
Chingam/ Leo
Kanni/ Virgo
Thulam/ Libra
Vrshchikam/ Scorpio
Dhanu/ Bow(Sagittarius)
Makaram /Sea-monster(Capricorn or Goat)
Kumbham/ Water Pot(Aquarius)
Meenam/ Fish(Pisces)
Medam/ Ram
Idavam/ Bull(Taurus)
Midhunum / Couple(Gemini)
Karkkadakam/ Crab(Cancer)

capt ajit vadakayil
..

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################


Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


vijay kumar
January 15, 2015 at 7:22 PM
Captain, what do you say on Sri Yukteswar Swami;s book "THE HOLY SCIENCE" in which he has mentioned YUGA Theory and saud we are currently in Dwapra Yuga.: http://www.minsobooks.com/Downloads/Yuga_Theory_Of_Sri_Yukteswar_in_The_Holy_Science.pdf

Delete
####################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
January 15, 2015 at 7:44 PM

hi vk,

TILL TODAY, NOT A SINGLE INDIAN HAS BEEN ABLE TO EXPLAIN THE YUGAS- NOT EVEN SWAMI VIVEKANANDA .

ADI SHANKARACHARYA WAS THE LAST TO KNOW ABOUT GOLDEN SPIRAL YUGA 4000 YEARS AGO .

TODAY ALL THESE FAKE GURUS HAVE LIFTED FROM THIS BLOG SITE AND PUT THEIR OWN VENEER AND ARE PREACHING AWAY TO GLORY .

OUR ANCIENT MAHARISHIS WERE CEREBRAL SUPERMEN.

7000 YEARS AGO, THE WROTE DOWN THE CONCEPT OF PRECESSION OF THE EARTH ( VISHNU NABHI ).

The Lotus from Vishnu's navel , moving in a circle on its supple stalk represents PRECESSION cycle of planet earth - of 25765 years.

Brahma sits on top the lotus -- every 25765 years it completes one cycle -last on Dec 21st 2012 .

The entire modern astronomy science is lifted from ancient Hinduism.

Our 4 Hindu yugas are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg. A cycle of four yugas takes a linear 25765 years ( instead of golden spiral 4,230,000 ).

The first point of Pisces was the place where the equinoxial cuts the ecliptic till 21st Dec 2012. From 2012 AD it is aquarius ( indian kumbam )-- a new age, new sunrise at spring equinox -- precession of the equinoxes and markes the end of Kali yugam.

Dharma walks on four feet in Krutha/ Satya Yuga, on 3 feet in Treta Yuga, on two feet in Dwapara Yuga and one foot in Kali yuga- this is an allegory.

The yugas during the approach to Vishnunabhi are 'ascending' yugas; those during the retreat from Vishnunabhi 'descending' yugas.

COSMIC MECHANISM IS IN REALITY A GOLDEN SPIRAL, AND NEVER A STAGNANT CIRCLE.

Without understanding linear and spiral time ( yugas–aeon ) the Greeks who have lifted this concept use kronos ( chronos ) versus kairos.

Kronos time is linear , what we understand today.. It is quantifiable and measured. The precession cycle of 25765 years.

Kairos time is spiral ( stolen from Indian texts by Greek Aristotle ) based on the Golden spiral in a shankh or conch . .

IT TAKES INTO ACCOUNT DILATION OF SPACE TIME.-WHICH ALBERT EINSTEIN LIFTED AND GOT FOR HIMSELF THE NOBEL PRIZE..

We blow conches in Hindu temples.

Our 4 Hindu yugas ( krita 1728000 years / treta 1296000 / dwapara 864000 / kali 432000 ) are a spiral-- at the rate 4:3:2:1 . In the Kali yuga the cosmic cow stands of one leg.

The ancient Indian Sri Yantra is based on the Golden mean of 1.618. The innards of the conch which creates the sound is shaped by brahmAn, the morphogenetic consciousness field.

In Advaita philosophy , the original theory of Sanatana Dharma brahmAn is the supreme god.

The ancient Vedas written in 5000 BC tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field.

The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point field energy.. Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL. Rest are all transverse.

Spirals which follow the Golden mean and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves. A conch can create scalar waves.

The sound of the sea when you listen to the conch held to your ear is the sound of the Zero Point Field or Scalar Field or Brahman or OM. OM is 7.83 hertz and can be heard only by the heart, as the audible frequency starts with 20 Hz.

Ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA could hear OM . Hindu king mantra OM is copied Christianity ( AMEN ), Judaism ( SHALOM ), Islam ( 786 –write in Arabic left to right and show in mirror to see OM symbol )

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/qutab-minar-was-dhruv-stambh-vishnu.html

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************
RENEGOTIATING OPTION B - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A lady went to the store to buy a parrot and asks the sales person,
"What's so special about the parrot ?"
Sales person:  This parrot can talk .
So the lady asks the parrot, how do I look?" 
The parrot replies, "you look like a fu#kin’ slut?"
The lady gets pissed off and tells the sales person that it's a very rude parrot and there is NO way she will  buy it.
The sales person tells her to please –kindly wait for 2 mins.  
The sales person takes the parrot to the back of the store and shoves the parrot into a bucket of water and when he pulls the gasping parrot out he says,  "if you disrespect the lady out there, I'll dunk you in water again" and takes the parrot back outside.
The sales person asked the lady to ask the parrot another question.

Lady:  "If I come home with one man what would you think?"
Parrot: "He's your husband"

Lady: "2 men"
Parrot: "Your husband and his brother"

Lady: "3 men"
Parrot: "Your husband, his brother & your brother"

Lady: "4 men"
Parrot cries out  : "Bring the dang bucket of water, I told you she's a fu#kin’ slut!!!"
*********************************************************************
AGHORIS , THE CORPSE EATERS OF INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AGHORIS MAN EATERS , CANNIBALS ,  DENIGRATION OF LORD SHIVA AND HINDU GODS,   A LIE CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER TO DENIGRATE LORD SHIVA AND TO STRIKE AT THE ROOTS OF HINDUISM ,   SOUL HARVESTING BY WHITE CHRISTIAN EVANGELISTS BY MAKING THE HINDU SELF LOATHING ,  SAI BABA OF SHIRDI   -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This is an article in National newspaper TIMES OF INDIA .

Click on the link below --

WHATEVER WRITTEN ABOUT AGHORIS IN THIS POST AND IN WIKIPEDIA IS AN IMMORAL LIE --  

COCK AND BULL STORIES , CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER -OVER BRANDY AND CIGARS .

NOBODY IN INDIA HEARD OF AGHORIS BEFORE THE WHITE CHRISTIAN INVADER CAME TO INDIA .

I WILL REBUT SENTENCE BY SENTENCE .

If you google AGHORI , you get  371, 000 posts .  Such is the extent of this lie.

IT WILL NOT WORK !

Capt Ajit Vadakayil , the best man on this planet for this type of a thing   -- promises this vide this post !!  

This blog site was created exactly for pulverizing immoral lies long established by the white man over brandy and cigars

Now it is payback time , with compound fu#kin' interest !

http://www.speakingtree.in/spiritual-slideshow/seekers/mysticism/the-lost-and-secretive-world-of-aghoris%20%20-317188?utm_source=TOInewHP_TILwidget&utm_medium=ABtest&utm_campaign=TOInewHP

THIS IS WHAT IS WRITTEN IN THE NEWWSPAPER POST  --   LIES MOST FOUL  -- A HEART PUNCH ON HINDUSIM !



QUOTE:   Aghori Sadhu is associated with cannibalism and rituals using human skulls and animal sacrifices.  Aghoris are distinguished from other Hindu sects by their alcoholic and cannibalistic rituals.  A place considered dreadful by others is home for Aghoris, the Hindu cremation ground. The term “Aghori” is derived from the Sanskrit word – “Aghor”. Aghor means not to forget or non-terrible in one perspectives. It also means absence of darkness. Aghor implies a simple and natural state of consciousness in which there is no fear or disgust. Aghoris have rituals that are seen as repulsive and feared by common people. As for the Aghori sect, the true meaning of the term Aghori is the one who is fearless and who does not discriminate. The Aghori are Shaivites, ascetic sadhus devoted to Shiva. They believe the Hindu god of transformation through death and destruction is the Supreme Being, embracing death and devoting their lives to living in filth. They often live in or near cremation sites, covering themselves in ashes of the dead, and use bones to make bowls and jewelry. Human remains for the Aghori rituals are gathered from the sacred Ganges river, where the ashes and bones of cremated dead are thrown. Still today, the bodies of holy men, pregnant women, people bitten by snakes, people who have committed suicide, the poor, and children under 5 are not cremated at the ghats but weighted down in the Ganges. The bodies eventually come loose and float down the river. Their worship methodology is gruesome and do not get surprised if you happen to see them indulging in impurities. The whole purpose of their tantras, mantras and practices is to attain non-duality and self-realization in life. The flesh is eaten raw or cooked over an open flame. Drinking alcohol from a human skull, known as kapala, is another common tradition in Aghori ritual.. They are unclean most of the time bathed with ash and mostly roam about without clothes. The Aghoris weapon is a human skull that they hold in the left hand and a bell in the right. Being devotees of Shiva they often chant powerful mantras for attaining moksha - liberation from the cycle of life and death. A tilak on their forehead and a chanting rosary made of bones is another limelight. Tourists from around the world come to India to see and believe the Aghori culture. Aghoris have attracted so many philosophers and researchers to make documentaries, movies and write books as well.   Although akin to the Kapalika ascetics of medieval Kashmir, as well as the Kalamukhas, with whom there may be a historical connection, the Aghoris trace their origin to Kina Ram, an ascetic who is said to have lived 150 years, dying during the second half of the 18th century. Dattatreya the avadhuta, to whom has been attributed the esteemed non-dual medieval song, the Avadhuta Gita, was a founding adi guru of the Aghor tradition. Baba Keenaram was held to be an incarnation of Shiva, as have been each of his successors. Aghoris also hold sacred the Lord Dattatreya as a predecessor to the Aghori Tantric tradition. Dattatreya was believed to be an incarnation of Brahma, Vishnu, and Shiva. Dattatreya is revered in all schools of Tantrism, which is the philosophy followed by the Aghora tradition, and he is often depicted in Hindu artwork and its holy scriptures of folk narratives, the Puranas, indulging in Aghori "left-hand" Tantric worship as his prime practice. In Hindu iconography, Tara, like Kali, is one of the ten Mahavidyas (wisdom goddesses) and once invoked can bless the Aghori with supernatural powers.. The life of an Aghori Sadhu is not easy, to become like them one has to meditate about twelve years and complete certain rituals under the guidance of an Aghori guru in order to enhance one spiritual strength. Aghoris use woods from pyre, clothes from dead bodies, and ash of burnt bodies for the various rituals. There are certain rules one must follow to become an aghori. Firstly an Aghori must find a teacher and do what the teacher tells him to do. And Aghori must find a human skull known as “kappala”. And use only this as a ritual tool before initiation. An Aghori must apply pyre on his body to symbolically show the nature of the Lord Shiva. The final part of ritual requires eating of rotten human flesh and also meditating sitting on a dead corpse. It symbolizes the rise from Savak (human nature) to Siva. Many of the Aghoris roam around naked representing the true human form and their detachment from the world of mortals who according to them live in the world of illusion (“maya” in Sanskrit).. Aghories belief the God exists in everything so nothing is unholy or inauspicious, but everything is sacred. They believe true Aghori should break all ties with families, friends and all earthly possessions and should live entire life at the cremation ground and eat and drink only through the human skull. In Hinduism, “there is no evil, everything is emanated from ‘Brahman’, so how could anything in this universe be impure”? This is the kind of philosophy the aghori babas follow. According to them everything is the manifestation of god itself, so everything is as pure, so abandoning anything is like abandoning god itself. Hinglaj Mata is the Kuladevata (patron goddess) of the Aghori. The main Aghori pilgrimage centre is Kina Ram's hermitage or ashram in Ravindrapuri, Varanasi. The full name of this place is Baba Keenaram Sthal, Krim-Kund. Here, Kina Ram is buried in a tomb or samadhi which is a centre of pilgrimage for Aghoris and Aghori devotees. Present head (Abbot), since 1978, of Baba Keenaram Sthal is Baba Siddharth Gautam Ram. According to Devotees, Baba Siddharth Gautam Ram is reincarnation of Baba Keenaram himself. Apart from this, any cremation ground would be a holy place for an Aghori ascetic. The cremation grounds near the yoni pithas, 51 holy centers for worship of the Hindu Mother Goddess scattered across South Asia and the Himalayan terrain, are key locations preferred for performing sadhana by the Aghoris. They are also known to meditate and perform sadhana in haunted houses. The Aghori is a human symbol of lord Shiva himself. There have been many aghoris in the past. Some of them being Dattatreya, Kinaram, Tailanga swamy, Aghoreshwar Mahaprabhu Baba Bhagwan Ram. Despite their terrifying reputation the Aghori are charitable and have set up a leper colony where they have cared for and cured 99,045 patients with full leprosy and 147,503 with partial leprosy. Let’s take a look at some interesting stories of Aghoris... Tailanga Swami of Benaras was a very powerful Aghori, and perhaps the only one who performed worship of Shiva at the Kashi Vishwanath temple using his own waste. The priest who saw Tailanga Swami doing such "things" slapped him and ordered him out. On the same night, Shiva appeared in the dream of Benaras’ king and expressed his anger over the insult of Tailanga Swami, who's Shiva's very essence. The King set out to find the priest and punish him, but the priest was mysteriously found dead.

This is a famous folklore in Madhya Pradesh.

There used to be an old Baba in Burhanpur (near Khandwa, MP) whom people used to call Dhuni wale baba. There is a samadhi of Dhune wale baba in Khandwa where people still throng in large numbers to worship him. He used to stay there, roamed in the adjoining areas and use to eat whatever came his way. He used to utter obscenities if anyone talked to him or disturbed him even while he seemed to be doing nothing. Dhuni wale baba used to stare into the sky for hours and talk to himself. People believed that if he curses you then your problem is bound to get solved. There were many other instances when the Baba uttered obscenities, people used to still go behind him. Feared by many, cast out from society and living amongst the dead, these simple holy men represent some of the most extreme forms of living to be found anywhere on the planet. Many people believe that Aghoris are able to transfer pollution and health to and from patients as a form of "transformative healing", due to the believed superior state of body and mind of the Aghori.
--UNQUOTE 




Lot of people may now get shocked—how could the white invader denigrate Hinduism like this, to make the Hindus self loathing , just for soul harvesting  ?

Hey, folks!

THIS AGHORI  LIE IS NOTHING--  NOT EVEN A PIN PRICK!

Far greater deceits have been perpetrated by the white invader , over brandy and cigars .  The whole idea was to make this Hindu hate his religion and get converted.

They used the DEVADASI lie , to create more than a million strong mulato race—half breeds.  

Clean good looking feminine virgins were cheated--fresh after their first menses .  

They selected the areas where such shy, blushing and feminine girls were in plenty.  Today these Anglo Indians are more loyal to the union jack than the British themselves.

The devadasi system was unknown till the white invader came to India.



Punch into Google search-

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL  LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER  VADAKAYIL



Above: A BEEF EATER and a CIRCUMCISED MUSLIM .

Let me talk about the last para first—about the white invader’s creation DHUNI WALE BABA look alike name SAI BABA.

When I was a young third officer officer in 1975, I had a very old Muslim Quarter Master 
( helmsman ) from Shirdi, Ahmednagar district.    

At night in open sea , in the 2000 to 2400 hrs watch of the pre-GPS era , we had very little to do.  
He loved to talk and he is the one who told me about the life of Sai Baba—just a source –another was a Japanese tourist  .  

My QM used to tell me about how his ship once sank and all died except him, for he jumped into the ocean  with a jerry can half filled with water, and that he does NOT trust life jackets  .  

So I day I went into his cabin, to see his life jacket ( I was responsible for Life saving appliances ) and indeed he showed me his jerry can half filled with water for a future contingency.  His life jacket was in place.. 

When people live a second life like this they do NOT care too much for society norms—for the brain gets formatted.

So what are his qualifications to talk about Sai Baba?.  

His house was next to the old dilapidated mosque , with a wall missing, in which Sai Baba stayed for more than 60 long years . His father along with other Muslims in the area used to get ash from Sai baba’s fireplace —as he doubled as a Hakim ( Muslim doctor )  .  

One of his relatives was Haji Abdul Baba who helped out Sai Baba when he became too old.  Hindus do NOT circumcise.

When he gave the ash , he would cry “ ALLAH MALIK “ –  “Allah is greatest” .  –which is the same as Allah hu akbar.

Rothschild the owner of British East India company converted this Muslim man into a Hindu god and also created a new Hindu God named Vithoba / Vittala / Panduranga / Khandoba using his Chitpavan Bene Israel Jews stooges  . 




Today this Rothschild created Vithoba god is heavily sponsored by TRIPLE SRI .



Below:  Elevated to the rank of Lord Shiva --even the water drip drip of Shiva Lingam is in place ! 

Today our Supreme courts decide if a Muslim must eat pork . Even if a bribed Judge rules that Muslims MUST eat pork-- it is binding to a Muslim ?

What is the PM doing ?--  Oh I forgot his hands are tied, with VOTE BANK politics !



Mind, you Sai Baba died just 95 years ago—his REAL photos taken by camera exists – yet now he is a Hindu God. 



Propagation was simple.



Below: Hindus now have a new god ( a Muslim human who dies 95 years ago ) from Shirdi -- to be placed above the Hindu idols installed by the white invader in many altars with lamps in govt offices, courts, and police stations of India.



A devotee would be given some pictures of Saibaba ( chain mail concept ) and told that if he does NOT give it to his friends or relatives of his choice , he would suffer from imminent doom. 

Below: My wife got a Sai Baba photo from my sister--  as my sister ( who was sent 3 post card pictures from her friend to pass on ) was scared that she might suffer from great calamity, if she failed , as mentioned in the chain mail  .



My QMs father along with some Muslims used to do namaz along with Sai Baba— as he was most regular and punctual in this 5 time prayer —and he knew the Koran.

Below:   Graphic video  --  boys less than 18 and women keep away !



Below: Elevated to the rank of Lord Vishnu with Shesh Nag--by the white invader . Why bother about the Shesh Nag ? The white invader has created 33 crore FAKE gods for Hindus.




Lot of foreign funds from non-Indians of the West come for Sai Baba trusts and Trojan Horse NGOs— most of these NGOs are atheist and Christian organisations.



Though Wikipedia says that at Shirdi you can see both Hindu and Muslim worshipers—I challenge you to have a look there.    Find out for yourself how many Muslims stand in the devotee queue .  

BENAMI media can plant people with Islamic caps / beards,  and take pictures—this means NOTHING.    Have a look yourself. Seeing is believing .



A young Sai Baba suddenly landed up from the blue at a Hindu predominant sleepy village named Shirdi. He was dressed like a Sufi saint.

A local Hindu temple priest,  greeted him with the words 'Ya Sai Baba!', meaning 'Welcome Sai Baba!'. Sai  is a Persian title given to Sufi saints.  

This name is used today Sai Baba's biographer Narasimha Swamiji claims that Sai Baba was born as the child of Brahmin parents—which is a LIE . 

He was circumcised .



He used to pull his intestines out to dry after Basti Kriya  ( Hatha Yoga ) while living under a neem tree ( for 6 long years ).  And young women would be going that way-- this man was young, well built and tall .   

Below: A favorite of childless young women , who did seva !



Women were scared as the strange Sufi Muslim used to mutter incoherent stuff when they passed by -and he wore dirty torn clothes and smoke hashish .

Then locals got together and shifted him to a ruined mosque with one wall missing .  



Since the floor used to be wet form a leaky ceiling they erected a hammock for him and a fireplace to keep him warm in the rainy season .

 

Sai Baba distributed ash from his fireplace to young Hindu women who were unable to conceive.

Below: An unknown Muslim human who died in 1918 AD-- after the First World War , being elevated to a Hindu God.  If you do NOT accept it, foreign funds will be used to drag you to court for defamation --the sitting judge will surely be a crypto Sai Baba "devotee" 



This young Muslim stranger  in Sufi dress surviving by begging for alms, and receiving itinerant vulnerable Hindu or Muslim visitors.   

Below: Childless woman begging for boon--under the neem tree  !




In the disused broken down mosque he maintained a  fire for warming himself which he  referred to as a dhuni, from which he gave sacred ashes ('Udhi') to his guests before they left –with the words ALLAH MALIK .

Sai Baba also delivered spiritual teachings to his visitors, most of which were lifted from the Koran. He was illiterate and did NOT know how to read or write.



The white invader converted him to an avatar of Hindu god Shiva after he died .  Sorry, Lord Shiva has NO avatars. Till he died he was a local man.



As soon as he died the white invader created  a Hindu temple at Bhivpuri, Karjat , Mumbai.

Today the Sai Baba Mandir in Shirdi is visited by around more than 26000 pilgrims a day and during religious festivals this number rises  up to a 120,000—almost all of them Hindus, who also believe in the Rothschild created God called Vittala. In Wikipedia Vishnu and Vittala / Vithoba are talked about in the same breath.  

Nobody in India heard of Vittala/  Vithobha / Panduranga/ Khandoba  before the white invader came to India.

QUOTE -- Kolhapur, Maharashtra, India - April 2011… On February 21st, AbhangaNaad: The Voice of Devotion took place on the University Grounds of Shivaji University in Kolhapur. Featuring approximately 2,500 Warkari (devotees of Lord Vithoba) singing in unison and accompanied by 1,350 Dhols (traditional Indian dhangar' drums), the event celebrated divine love in the presence of His Holiness Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, also known as guruji ( Triple sri if you please ) . This massive concert attracted more than 120,000 devotees plus another 3 million television viewers throughout India.--UNQUOTE 

 

The white invader sang the praises of Sai baba. They used Citpavan Jews and Parsis to go GA GA about the miracles Sai Baba could perform like GOD .   

They splashed in Parsi/ Chitpavan Brahmin controlled media about miracles such as invisibilty, astral travel, bilocation, levitation, mindreading, materialisation,  exorcisms,  making the river Yamuna, entering a state of Samadhi at will ( this takes the fu#kin’  cake ) , lighting lamps with water, removing his limbs or intestines and sticking them back to his body (khandana yoga if you pleaJJe ), curing the incurably sick, appearing beaten when another was beaten,  after death rising on third day ( resurrection like Jesus Christ ), preventing a mosque from falling down on people, and helping his devotees in  miraculous ways. 




He also gave Darshan (vision) to people in the form of Rama, Krishna, Vithoba and many other gods depending on the faith of devotees—an avatar for every occasion !.



Above:   Hardly any Marathi movie would be made by Chitpavan Jews unless they have a scene of a Maharashtrian woman crying of out to Vittala in distress.


Sai Baba used to call Lord Khandoba as Lord Vithoba, as per the white invader .   Lord Khandoba was tom tommed as an avatar of Lord Shiva while Vithoda is Lord of Vishnu and Vaishnav caste.

THE ENTIRE FOREIGN FUNDED MEDIA IS DESPERATE TO CONVERT SHIRDI SAI BABA INTO A HINDU GOD.

THEY HAVE THEIR STOOGE JUDGES,  SAI BABA BHAKT LAWYERS WHO BECAME JUDGES BASED ON OBC QUOTA,  — WHO WILL PUNISH  ANYBODY WHO DARES TO SAY THAT  SAI BABA IS NOT A HINDU GOD.    

THIS IS THE SORRY STATE OF HINDUS --  A MUSLIM DRIFTER WHO CAME FROM THE ISLAMIC NIZAM STATE OF HYDERABAD WHO DIED 95 YEARS AGO , AND WAS BURIED WITH MUSLIM RITES --   

IS NOW AT PAR WITH LORD SHIVA AND LORD VISHNU-- 



YES-  

INDIAN JUDICIARY TELL YOU SO. . 

BUT MIND YOU THESE JUDGES WILL NOT DARE TO DELIVER SUCH VERDICTS WITH SIKHS OR MUSLIMS 



Jew Rothschild , the owner of British East India company had 3 stooges who did propaganda that Shirdi Sai Baba is an incarnation of Dattatreya.  

Govindrao Raghunath Dabholkar who wrote a book Shri Sai Satcharita.    Madhav Rao Deshpande a was a pro-active devotee of Sai Baba .  Ganapath Rao Sahasrabuddhe,  an out of work police officer , sang kirtans on Sai Baba .




With the active connivance of the white invader , an aura of Hinduism was built around Sai Baba of Shirdi.  They maintained a fire and ashes are dished out in paper packets as a panacea for all diseases ranging from common cold to severe type of cancer.

Today you can go to court rooms, police stations and admin offices in Maharashtra and find Shirdi Saibaba ‘s statue is kept along with Lord Ganapati, in the altar with a burning lamp.




They said that Sai Baba would worship at Khandoba Temple on his way back from Rahata ( a village 4 km from Shirdi). This is pure bullsh#t. 

Below: This Muslim man must be wondering why the white invader is taking his photographs .



This lie was sustained by the Chitpavan Brahmins and Veera shivas . .  Veera Shaivas are a sect wedged out from Hindusim by the white invader who worship Lord Shiva—but they do NOT get CREMATED when their die—they get buried .

Khandoba temples on Rothschild’s fiat, compulsorily had Dalit priests—brahmins were banned .  Today a few weeks ago, the courts ruled that women are allowed as priests in Vithoba temples against the tenets of Hinduism.

Below: Indian Muslims have disowned this man - so his dirty white clothes is now Saffron ( Saffron brigade if you pleaJJe TEE HEEEEEE )!




Once I saw a four Japanese tourists in my friends home at Calicut. They were on the lookout for ancient Buddha statues which they wanted to buy and ship to Japan .  

They went SKIPPETY SKIP to Shirdi -- duped by a Sai Baba travel agency.



From there  they came HOPPETY HOP to Calicut from Shirdi-- they got duped here too .   

This is how they say tourists from all over the world come to Shirdi !!!

Punch into Google search-

DIFFERENCE BETWEEN A BUDDHA AND MAHAVIRA STATUE VADAKAYIL

Nowadays Sai Baba movement and temples are expanding faster than ISKCON not just in India but also abroad, with mysterious foreign funds . 

Below: Radhanath and Obama 



ISKON IS NOW TOTALLY HIJACKED BY THE WHITE MAN-- WITH THE FAKE RADHA BEING GIVEN MORE PROMINENCE .


Below: Jew Richard Slavin –nay—Swami Radhanath of ISKON with Teresa !




Punch into Google search-

DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA VADAKAYIL




 The methodology followed by the priests in the Sai Baba temples is suspicious.  The sing vedic chants and Sai Baba praises –and then then instruct temple visitors to sing along  (This practice of singing along is NEVER done in usual Hindu temples).  



Then they are expected to fall at the feet of a large white Sai Baba statue.  After this they are given blessing with a Kireedam(crown). The interior and exterior and statues of all Sai Baba temples look very similar.  



Apart from this Sai Baba followers have made it a habit to gift status and large framed portraits of Sai Baba to friends and relatives.  Stories are being told that the diseases and ailments(esp couples who are not able to conceive) which was not cured by deities in traditional Hindu temples(like Garbharakshambigai amman) were cured after turning to Sai Baba.  

It is apparent that there is a foreign effort is being made to rapidly spread this new branch-out faith.  

Some funding to Trojan Horse NGOs have been traced to JOSHUA PROJECT TWO. 

The worship of  Khandoba ( an avatar of Lord Shiva ) developed during the British rule, but they back dated it to the 9th century.    Khandoba has many wives who are women from many communities, who serve as cultural links between the god and the communities ( sic !) .

The initiation ritual included a “deflowering ceremony”, known as “uditambuvadu” in some parts, whereby the FAKE priests would have intercourse with every girl enrolled at his temple as part of his religious perks.

A Marathi saying, “Devdaasi devachi bayako, sarya gavachi” (“Servant of god, but wife of the whole town”).

The youngest and the best among these unfortunate girls would land up in the COMFORT brothels in Mumbai for the British troops.

The worship of  Khandoba ( an avatar of Lord Shiva ) developed during the British rule, but they back dated it to the 9th century.    Khandoba has many wives who are women from many communities, who serve as cultural links between the god and the communities ( sic !) .

The British did propaganda that Mogul Emperor Aurangzeb tried to abolish the Devadasi tradition by demolishing the temple of God Khandoba at Jejuri in Maharashtra.

Sorry, he did NOT do that.


Emperor Aurangzeb did NOT have COMFORT whorehouses for his troops.

On 15th Jan 2014, the Indian Supreme court allowed women to be priests at the Lord Vittala temple of Pandharpur.   See the Indian judiciary will now decide all this— they have HIMMAT only against Hinduism . Why don’t they try it for the Golden Temple— and see how the Sikhs run after them with swords !— or for the matter Islam.

Here is the press release-

QUOTE : - now the step to allow women to perform pooja in Pandharpur will be a giant leap in the long drawn efforts to annihilate caste from the society and giving women equal rights.  The humanitarian message in the system is loud and clear, everybody is equal before the almighty.  Just as Saint Chokha Mela who hailed from the untouchable caste wrote "Chokha Donga par bhaav naahi donga" which means Chokha may be from a inferior caste, but his devotion is not.   Chokha Mela's thoughts have been given justice in spirit after 900 years . The bhakti movement ( of the FAKE white invader back dated creations of  DASAS  ) is also seen as a prominent emancipator movement against the Brahminical caste domination.  .UNQUOTE

 By the way this Chokla character was a back dated white invader creation.

Below:  One of the women priests -- Barkha Dutt has led a campaign for allowing women into Sabarimala temple --the world's largest pilgrimage centre - may be the supreme court will soon step in .  

Will they also judge that a Muslim can eat pork ? or a Muslim woman should stop wearing burkha ?  Or a woman Muslim cleric who can issue fatwas on me ?  HIMMAT HAI ?  Come- on-- MELORD- how about a level playing field ?



The Indian Judiciary does  NOT even have the GUTS to enforce  our constitution over UCC.    




If we can afford a Muslim 3 TALAQ  privelage,  why NOT a chopped off hand? 

In future if any Muslim man with 4 wives steals-- let his hands be chopped off.




If  Muslims want to marry 4 women as per Islam , and they are GREAT islamic followers of Koran or Allah (PBUH ) -- go ahead--  we do NOT have a problem with that .!

THE PROBLEM IS ONLY WHEN THEY WANT IS SELECTIVELY.


Next time a Muslim and Hindu steals the same stuff  -- at the same time,   let the Hindu spend 6 months in jail as per our IPC section --  and let the Muslim GET HIS FU#KIN’  RIGHT HAND CHOPPED OFF.

Punch into Google search-

UNIFORM CIVIL CODE IN INDIA VADAKAYIL


Shirdi was a small farming village consisting of a few dilapidated houses in 1918 , when Shirdi Sai Baba died.

Today the town survives on a "money spinning " industry.... the Shirdi Sai baba industry.  It is estimated they milk several crores every month .  

Why dont you visit Shirdi and check outwho is employed on a salary to make people cry out " Bolo Sainath Maharaj ki Jai,   Jor se bolo,    Sai bolo "

Atheists, dalit converted Christians / Buddhists and R stooges in media are converting Shirdi Sai Baba into a Hindu god –to the same status of Shiva , Vishnu, Krishna, Rama , Ganapathi etc.

Recently Shankaracharya of Dwaraka Peeth Swaroopananda Saraswati for his alleged remarks against Saibaba of Shirdi under sections 295 A (deliberately hurting religious sentiments) and 298 (statement given with an intention to hurt religious feelings) of the Indian Penal Code by a 23 year old law student, Abhishek Bhargava (23) --  see it is a way to quick fame

--- ALL FOR SAYING THAT SHIRDI SAI BABA IS NOT A HINDU GOD AND HINDUS SHOULD NOT WORSHIP HIM..

The job of a Shankaracharya ( of a original MUTT created in 2000 BC by Adi Skankaracharya )  is to warn Hindus of mortals becoming Hindu gods .

So what is wrong in this ? Does he need the permission of Indian Judiciary , who are guilt of severe over reach in recent times ?

Rothschild  created Shiva avatar Datttatreya, though Lord Shiva has NO avatars.  Nobody ever heard of any Dattatreya Hindu god till the white invader came to India.

The Shri GuruCharitra is a holy book for Datta Sampradaya devotees— and again created by R stooges for R sponsored people like Dattatreya incarnation Shirdi Sai Baba.

The R stooges built his first temple at Bhivpuri, Karjat.


The spin of foreign funded  Trojan Horse NGOs who run the propaganda machine –

Sai Baba is the Perfect Master , who is an avatar of Dattatreya who in turn is an avatar of  The Holy Trinity, viz., Brahma-Vishnu-Shiva . 

So this means he is the MOST powerful God on this planet, right ?



Baap Re !


Itna power , duniya mein kiske paas hai ?


Triple Sri Ravishankar has been on a Lord Vithobha sponsoring spree lately. 

The Rothschild controlled Chitpavan Jews nay brahmins made sure that every Marathi movie or book or poem contained at least one scene of the Maratha praying to Rothschild creation Lord Vithobha or Panduranga for deliverance.

Till today does any deshasta Brahmin of Maharashtra know why they call themselves so?  They have forgotten the truth !   The word Deshastha derives from the Sanskrit desha (country) and stha ( resident), literally translating to "residents of the country". 

They did that as soon as they found out that Jew Rothschild has created his own Jew Brahmins. Rothschild imported some Bene Israel Jews by ship from Kerala and dumped them off the coast of Konkan.  Most of these inbred  CHITPAVAN JEWS –NAY- BRAHMINS  went back to Israel.
 
After the appointment of Balaji Vishwanath Bhat as Peshwa, Konkanastha Jew migrants began arriving en masse from the Konkan to Pune, where the Peshwa offered all important offices to the Chitapavan Brahmins of Konkanastha caste.

These Jews calling themselves Brahmins  were rewarded with tax relief and grants of land by the British on orders from Rothschild.  There was extreme nepotism and the existing Brahmins were totally shocked and dismayed.

The best part was that the deshastha brahmins  looked down upon the Chitpavan Jews and refused to socialise and intermingle with them, not considering them to be Brahmins at all .

So Rothschild had the Chitpavan Brahmins screw the deshashta brahins royally for only the Chipavan Jews nay brahmins were allowed to dabble in  politics, social reform, book writing, journalism and education.

Lord Vithobha took off after the white Christian invader came to India.  But of course the immoral white historian back dated everything , to show their innocence in this vulgar game.



The principal deity of Pandharpur is Sri Vitthala or Vithoba . 

To be frank , Vitthala is a Kannada deity rather than a Marathi deity.    Geographically, Pandharpur is on the border of Maharashtra and Karnataka. The ancient name of Pandharpur was Pandarage.



Rothschild created a saint by the name of Pundalik, to be closely associated with this shrine, and called it Pundarika Pura.



Cock and bull storied were injected into our puranas.

Here we go-

One fine evening Lord Vishnu was strutting around  in the gardens of his palace  mansion when the gorgeous  wife of Lord Indra (God of Gods), Sachi  tried to seduce Lord Vishnu.

She just developed a massive crush on Vishnu, despite the fact that she was married and it was a crime to do adultery.

But Vishnu rejected her amorous advances and told her that her desire would be fulfilled only in the next birth – when Lord Vishnu took on the avatar of Lord Krishna and Sachi became Radha with the SOLE intention of having sexual intercourse . ( Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna , the avatar of Vishnu is a fake creation of Rothschild) .

So in the next birth Radha (Sachi) and Krishna (Vishnu) became  hush hush lovers.  Krishna and his mistress Radha used to meet each other frequently but stealthily in Dwaraka.  But hey. Lord Krishna’s wife was NOT a moron.

She knew that something sexual was cooking between her husband Lord Krishna and the beautiful Radha.  Queen Rukmini, cried enough is enough and decided to punish her husband Krishna .

So one find night Queen Rukmini ran away from the palace in Dwaraka.   She undertook a severe penance in Dindirvana with the objective of winning her strayed husband Krishna back.  Pretty soon Lord Krishna turned into a repentant husband.   He at once instituted a search for his missing wife Queen Rukmini.

He searched far and wide  but could not trace her.  But he finally spotted Rukmini meditating in the dense jungles of Dindirvana.  When Krishna went near her and tried to woo her back, she did not recognise him at all TEE HEEEE !

Lord Krishna decided to go for a Mexican standoff.   he launched a counter-tapasya  and stood before her.   He stood there for 28 ‘yugas'.   Oh Boy ! TEE HEEEE !

Both Krishna and Rukmini would have stood there for longer for several more yugas , but were unintentionally intervened by our man Pundalik , the great devotee -- our Jew Rothschild creation . 

Serendipity at its very best.

Once when Pundalik’s parents were sleeping river Bhima made too much noise.  This is NOT good OK ? So our man Pundlaika commanded the violent Bhima River not to disturb his sleeping parents. 

The river immediately mellowed and now flows silently as the Chandrabhaga in Pandharpur.

TEE HEEEEE !

Till today you can find Lord Vithoba standing on that brick ( was it baked ? ) , waiting to be entertained by his 'host', Pundalika of Pandharpur.

Rothschild got his Chitpavan Brahmin stooges to inject into Skanda Purana , the name ‘Panduranga’ as a synonym for ‘Vitthala’.

Nobody ever heard of  Vitthala and Pandharpur before the Chitpavan Jews started re-writing local history—back dating every thing by several centuries.

Every Maharashtrian is now familiar with the term ‘Varkari’  .  A Varkari is one who religiously performs the vari (pilgrimage) to Pandharpur on foot, especially during the months of Ashadha (mid June to mid July) and Kartika (mid October to mid November).   

Many people go on pilgrimages, but the term ‘Varkari’ has got exclusively associated with the pilgrimage to Pandharpur—as it was made famous by Rothschild stooges .

When Vitthala  ( Lord Krishna ) was searching for his missing wife Queen Rukmini  (who was KUTTI with him ) in the deep Dindiravana forest, he bumped into our man Pundalika. 

Pundalika was busy serving his parents, whom he used to treat like sh#t before .   But see now he had turned over a new leaf. TEE HEEE !

So he provided a brick ( was it baked ? ) for Lord Krishna - nay- Vitthala to rest on.(  maybe there was ankle deep dirty water around ?-- beats me ! TEE HEEEEE !)
 



Vitthala stood on the brick and waited patiently for his devotee Pundalika .  After completing his services, Pundalika prayed to Vitthala and sang his praises and glories. Lord Krishna was pleased like pudding.

So he decideTH to grantETH a boonETH  .

Pundalika requested Vitthala ‘to stay here permanently and lift jivas from ignorance’. (I am touched!)

Lord Krishna – nay- Lord Vitthala --nay- Lord Vitthoba --nay- Lord Panduranga happily assented to the loving demands of his devotee Pundlaika .  Hence the place came to be known as Pundarikapur.

Rothschild even got his stooges to write a back dated Panduranga-shataka-stotra composed by Adi Shankaracharya ( 2000 BC ) referring to our man Pundlalika .

The fake white historian records that that King Krishnadeva Raya of Vijayanagar had the image of Panduranga taken to Hampi, to prevent desecration by Muslim invaders.  The absence of the deity sent the whole of Pandharpur into a pall of gloom gloom  like Jughead’s  Hot Dog.



So then , who brough it back?  Well, it was Paithankar Bhanudas Maharaj who brought back the deity to Pandharpur.

LET ME MAKE A BET-- 

THE SUPREME COURT WHO WILL DECIDE ON HINDUISM VERSUS SAI BABA SECT WILL RULE THAT THIS MUSLIM MAN WHO DIED 95 YEARS GO WAS ACTUALLY BORN AS A HINDU BEFORE LORD SHIVA AND VISHNU.  

HINDUS WILL BE CALLED EVIL LIARS , COMMUNAL AND RIGHT WING.

OUR PM NARENDRA MODI  FOR WHOM THE HINDUS VOTED AND MADE HIM PM ,  OUT OF TRUST AND HOPE ,  AFTER 800 YEARS OF TAKING SH#T ON THE FACE --

--  WILL KEEP QUIET -- 

AS ALL HIS PIETY AND GANGA  AARTI, IS FOR WHAT --   WE HINDUS KNOW TODAY !




Let me wash my hands—a ritual—  it has just been removed from filth !




My hands are clean.

NOW I DARE ANY JUDGE  OF ANY JUDICIAL COURT  IN ANY COUNTRY TO DECLARE ---

A HINDU MAN WHO DIED 95 YEARS AGO, WHO WORE DIRTY SAFFRON CLOTHES--  

WHO LIVED UNDER A BANYAN TREE FOR 6 YEARS AND IN A DILAPIDATED TEMPLE WITH ONE WALL MISSING FOR 60 YEARS—

-- WHO CHANTED OM NAMA SHIVAYA EVERY TIME HE GAVE BLESSINGS TO SOMEONE ,  WHO WAS UNCIRCUMCISED,  WHO WAS CREMATED , WHO DRANK LIQUOR --

--  TO BE DECLARED AS ALLAH  NO 2.



ISIS TERRORISTS WILL COME ALL THE WAY FROM IRAQ , TO CHOP  “GUILTY BY JUDICIAL OVER REACH” MELORDS  BALLS OFF --

--  AND DRAG HIS HEADLESS BODY ALL OVER THE PLANET ON A MOTORBIKE BY RELAY !  

INDIAN MUSLIMS NEED NOT DO IT  !!




NAGAS who come for Kumbh Mela are mistaken for Aghoris by the foreign tourists.

Nagas ( saint sect ) were the first to give up their lives for the sake Bharatmata when the Muslim invader came to India . 

Can you do that?  

If NOT give some respect.



When the Muslims invaded India the Naga sect gave up their spiritual life and became fiercely militant guerrillas to fight them.   

These are the naked ash smeared ones who come to Kumbh Mela and are feared and respected.



Initially the ancient PASHUPATA sect ( since antiquity ) practised the left handed path of Hinduism. theey worshipped Lord Shiva in the pashupati form.

Punch into google search -
TANTRA LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM FORBIDDEN VAMACHARA VADAKAYIL

From this sect a branch called KAPALIKAS got ex-communicated because they ate meat , drank alcohol and were traditionally doms who did the cremation jobs in burning ghats.

In the 7th century chinese traveller Hieun-Tsang had written about kapalikas " the dress and ornaments worn by non believers are varied and mixed. Some wear peacock's feathers; some wear as ornaments, necklace made of skull bones ..... have no clothing but go naked .... some wear leaf or dark garments, some pull out their hair and cut off their moustache; other have bushy whiskers and their hair braided on the top of their heads. The custom is not uniform, and the colour, whether red or white, not constant"

AGHORIS under the leadership of a Kina Ram broke away from the kapalikas at the end of the 18th century -- but this sect was a creation of the white christian man over brandy and cigars to make the Hindu self loathing .

As a reward this stupid man was resurrected as an avatar of Shiva ( Bhairava ) . Shiva has NO avatars . Only Vishnu has avatars.

Do NOT trust any Hindus scripture written later than Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.   This is the cutting off line  . Even the ones before 2000 BC has been injected with poison by the white invader.

The white invader created aghoris sect received incentives to pretend that they ate shit , drank piss and bloating rotting corpses fished out from the Ganges.  Since this is a money spinning business, the moment they see a white tourist with a camera they go through the motions.

Aghoris are the singular  reasons why the whole world sees Hinduism in VERY poor light.

Aghoris are the No 1 reason, why the Hindu became self loathing and converted to Christianity. –all this when Sanatana Dharma was the cleanest and most spiritual religion on this planet—the only religion with DHARMA woven into the warp and weft ..

Punch into Google search-
PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL

The No 2 reason why Dalits converted to Christianity was the poison injected laws of Manu. Manu was a very noble Maharishi — he was incapable of being a bigot.

Punch into Google search-
DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

The horrendous caste system existed only in Kerala .  It did NOT exist in other parts of India, and was introduced by the FAKE mutts created by the white invader .

Punch into Google search-
THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

Aghoris have NIL powers , they are NOT sages or saints — 

--they are NOT even Hindus. 

They are NOT allowed to come to Kumbh Mela.

Kina Ram's samadhi is a centre of piligrimage for Aghoris and Aghori devotees.  Here Kina Ram is buried in a tomb or samadhi .


 The main centre of Aghoris is Kina Ram's hermitage or ashram in Ravindrapuri, Varanasi Kinaram's ashram is not far from Harishchandra ghat. You can walk the distance.

You get a photo shoot opportunity with naked people covered with ashes and a skull as a drinking pot for a fee .

You can watch them frombehind , they only pretend to eat dead bodies when the white man's camera is on them.

There is money to be made. the aghoris have even made a POPE type leader - since 1978 the aghori pope is Baba Siddharth Gautam Ram.   

He will give you unsolicited information that he is an incarnation of the venerable Baba Kinaram himself..

As per wikipedia --" By eating shit and dead bodies they have scientific approach in trying to discover how matter converts from one form to another" 

TEE HEEEEE !.

WHO IS INDIA'S MOST FAMOUS DIRECTOR ?

Satyajit Ray, who showcased India's poverty --this is what the jealous west wants to see.

Why did SLUM DOG MILLIONAIRE get so many Oscars?

All masala for the white man is there like a boy jumping into shit, beggars gouging out eyes of small children, the slums of dharavi with a man wading through a gutter , hindu muslim riots etc.

DIGRESSION: 

Satyajit Ray was the darling of R controlled media.  The white man touted him as one of the best directors on this planet.  He showcased Hinduism and India in VERY poor light.

He was given the Bharat Ratna.

Later on in life I saw his so called master pieces -Pather Panchali (1955), which won 11 international prizes, including Best Human Documentary at the Cannes Film Festival, Aparajito , and Apur Sansar (1959) – it failed to impress me even as a small boy.   Today I may puke.

Rothschild loved his grandfather Upendrakishore Ray Chowdhury for being a Brahmo Samaj stooge. Brahmoism drove a mighty wedge and split Brahma Samaj from Hinduism.

Two stooges of Rothschild were actively involved in Brahmo Samaj – were both OPIUM AGENTS of R.

Punch into Google search-

THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL

And

OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY VADAKAYIL

But Tagore family have generally ashamed of Dwaraknath Tagore for his involvement in Calcutta whore houses for white British officers .   So they have inserted his son’s Debendranath’s name everywhere.

Today a lot of Calcutta anglo-Indians are offsprings of these whore houses at Sonagachi.   Of course these mulattos love to give unsolicited bull that the white man was married to their ancestor woman.  A lot of them have even morphed or FAKE photos to make FALSE claims .

Brahmo Samaj rejected Vedas, Bhagawat Gita, , Rma , Krishna, Shiva ,Vishnu, Karma, Moksha, re-birth –striking at the root sof Hindusim—and the white missionaries soul harvested merrily .

Satyajit Ray’s great grandfather Kalinath Ray was even a bigger darling of Rothschild, as he was a Sanskrit scholar which made him an asset in deciphering our ancient scriptures.

Satyajit Ray’s father is second only to Rabindranath Tagore in literature.

Rabindranath Tagore a darling of R, was touted as the best on this planet.

Punch into google search-

A NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE VADAKAYIL .

Today Bengalis do NOT even know who people like Rash Behari Bose, Bagha Jatin etc are—they are DELETED from history.

These great patriotic visionary sons of Bengal, must be honoured by future generations –for they would never SUCK UP to R..

ALL HEROES OF INDIAN HISTROY PAINTED AS GODS IN R CONTROLLED MEDIA HAVE A SECRET HE WILL NOT TELL.

The darling of R media, Satyajit Raj , projected Bharatmata is VERY POOR LIGHT—he glorifying Indian poverty in Pather Panchali and Ashani Sanket using aesthetics.

Satyajit Ray is the second film personality after Jew Charlie Chaplin to have been awarded an honorary doctorate by R controlled Oxford University.

After reading my 840+ posts how many of you think Capt Ajit Vadakayil , cannot cut through the R controlled bull – or write a good review on any human being or movie ?

Wake up Indians ! Know chaff from grain!!!

The immoral white invader also wrote that Lord Shiva used to walk through Deodhar forest naked with a erect prick.

The wives of the sapta rishis used to run after him fighting with each other in lust shedding their clothes as they run after him.

Listen, Lord Shiva is a force field.  The Sapta Rishis are the seven stars of the big dippe r—or great bear stellar constellation .

They have even made statues out of the lustful semi-clad wives of the Sapta Rishis .
  
punch into Google search-
POLARIS AND THE GREAT BEAR VADAKAYIL

 Dattatreya was NOT the first aghori, as the Internet says.   

Aghorism and the graveyard stuff with cadaver eaters came to life only after the white Christian invader came to India.

Aghor tradition believes that Jagadguru Dattatreya propounded the tradition of Aghor.

The word Aghor literally means “that which is not difficult or terrible.”  

There are a number of Dattatreya temples in Maharastra—all nurtured by the stooges of R.

Theoretically these Aghori people don’t attach themselves to anything mortal—that does NOT mean they eat corpses..

Punch into Google search-
LORD SHIVA, SHIVA LINGAM, DANCE OF SHIVA VADAKAYIL




First,the white Christian man tried to convert Lord Shiva into an AGHORI--  a dead cadaver eating ash covered freak in a graveyard.




Then they found that there are no takers and so now they have converted these corpse eaters into a shivaite sect.

 There are other cock and bull stories about Aghoris created by the white invader of Brandy and cigars.

Nobody in India heard of Yaali till the white invader came to India.   The white  invaderr used his FAKE mutts in Udipi and Kanchi to create a creature Yaali— which does NOT find a place in our ancient puranas.

It was to drive a wedge between Shaivite Iyers and Vaishnava Iyengars.  Like when we were kids we always wondered if Phantom and Tarzan fights who will win, we formed two groups and once we nearly came to blows.

Here is the POISON injected -- After killing Hiranyakasipu with his claws , Vishnu avatar Narasimha let out a loud roar and became uncontrollable.

As per the Christian invader’s spin doctors Narasimha went berserk, totally off tangent after killing Hiranyakashipu , and could NOT be controlled. Narasimha’s wrath was not appeased.

The cosmos trembled, fearing what he might do next.

Like what Katie would do next !

Lord Shiva assumed the terrible form of Sharabha.

Poison injected Sharabha Upanishad portrays Sharabha with two heads, two wings, eight legs of the lion with sharp claws and a long tail—a human lion bird.

A sort of hyper-man to lick the mickey out of super-man. TEE HEEEE!!.

The white Christian invader even gave Lord Shiva a nice new name – hold your breath - "Sharabeshamurti". TEE HEEEE !!

Then ze gods got a new worry .

They feared Shiva in his ferocious Sharabha form may not be able to control his rage and thus urging Shiva to give up his Sharabha form.

Thereafter, Shiva dismembered Sharabha’s form. Self demotion man. Thank God!! His limbs were given away ( to salvation army? ) and his torso became a Kapalika.

Then  Kapalikas became Aghoris .

Aghoris started eating shit , drinking piss and ate dead bloated corpses flowing down the river for good measure and stayed in cremation grounds.

But hey, Tamil Vaishnavas insist they Shiva did NOT self demolish.

So—so—so--Vishnu took on another bullsh#t avatar --Gandabherundanarasimha (Narasimha with 32 arms and a pair of wings) and killed the BAAAD Shiva avatar ( Sharaba or Yaliappar ).

TEE HEEEEE !

Now we must find out if Gandabherundanarasimha self destructed or Shiva took on anatother avatar to screw this BAAAAAD Narasimha number TWO.

The white invader filled up many temples in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka with all such terrible idols and pillars .

North Indians are blissfully unaware of what these white invader created Vishnu and Shiva avatars did behind their backs !

arre usko bhi batao na !

SEE AN AVATAR FOR EVERY OCCASION !


AVATAR HAI TOH AISA !!


The white invader later  converted Lord Shiva into a corpse eating aghori roaming around in graveyards for dead maggoty meat.

If you support Shiva as an Aghori you may land up in top 100 of R magazines and media. 

You may get an international award shared with white Presidents and PMs.

This is the sorry state of Hinduism.


Almost every day we have our national newspaper TIMES OF INDIA denigrating Hindu Gods. They publish FAKE and VULGAR stories created by the white invader over brandy and cigars.

http://www.speakingtree.in/spiritual-slideshow/seekers/mysticism/10-controversial-stories-of-lord-shiva/172306
QUOTE -
"However he remained unmoved by Parvati's love and dedication. She also tried bringing fruits for him but he remained steadfast in his meditation. There are stories that indicate that Parvati was shunned by him due to her dark skin."

" Parvati knows what her previous incarnation was, her marriage to Shiva as Sati. Destined to become Shiva's wife (again), Uma is impeded: Shiva renounced his sexuality. After their marriage, Uma gave birth to God Kumara?????? ".

"In the Bhagavata Purana, after Vishnu deceives the demons by his maya female form, Shiva wishes to see the bewildering Mohini again. When Vishnu agrees and reveals his Mohini form, Shiva runs crazily behind Mohini, "bereft of shame and robbed by her of good sense," while the abandoned wife Parvati (Uma) looks on."

" Shiva is overcome by Kama (love and desire, the god of love and desire). His "unfailing" seed escapes and falls on ground. From these seeds of Shiva, Ayappa is born. Ayyappa is therefore referred to as Hariharaputra, "the son of Vishnu (Hari) and Shiva (Hara)"

"The Naked Lord came to the streets of the Rishis to get alms. At the charm of the naked Shiva the wives of the Rishis lost their heart. They forgot what they were doing and started simply following the Naked God. Meanwhile the Rishis also forgot the karma they were strongly advocating and followed the glamorous Mohini. When they saw their wives following a Naked man, the followers of karmic discipline lost their virtue."

"Sage Bhrigu went to see Lord Brahma, but Brahma was preoccupied and did not notice Brighu’s presence. Feeling insulted, Brighu cursed Brahma, “You are so proud of your power of creation that you did not notice my arrival. For this you shall have no temples on earth.” Next, Brighu went to see Shiva in Kailash, but Shiva was occupied with Parvati at that hour. Brighu, again felt offended and cursed Shiva to be worshipped only as a lingam. This is the reason why Lord Shiva is primarily represented and worshiped as a lingam"

" Mansa, the goddess who cures snakebites, was born when Shiva’s semen touched a statue carved by Kadru, mother of snakes. Thus she was Shiva’s daughter, but not Parvati’s child, much like Kartikeya"

UNQUOTE 

All those who legitimized the Kamakhya temple of Assam were sponsored by the white invader’s media and historians. They would get awards and land up in the top 100 of R controlled media listings.

They hold this Kamakhya temple tantric meet –sponsored by R media—to show Hinduism in bad light

The Kalika Purana is a poison injected Purana , created by the immoral white invader.

Thi kalika purana was made out to be a manual on how to do HUMAN SACRIFICE , ritual intercourse before the devi idols, use of beef and drugs before a Tantra ritual etc.

Sanatana dharma did NOT have even animal sacrifice, leave alone human sacrifice. In Kamakya temple they still do animal sacrifices to show Hindusim as a savage religion.

Check out this link-

http://youtu.be/4nYA5yZBa6o

Using this fake purana thousands of self loathing Hindu Indians have been converted to Christianity.

It is this poison injected and FAKE Kalika Purana by the vulgar white historian which gives bull that the Kamakhya Temple spot ( Shakti peeth ) was the place Lord Shiva used to have intercourse with his wife Sati -- and where Sati’s YONI ( vagina ) fell .


The place where Sati’s uterus fell is actually Chengannur Bhawati temple shaktipeetham spot, in Kerala— a temple thousands of years older than the Tara devi's Kamakhya Temple of Assam. temple.


One of the most ancient temples on this planet has been desecrated by the white invader and his tamil atheist stooges.

It still continues in 2014, as the Hindu hating ruling government of Syrian Christinas, Muslim League and atheist R communists want it that way.

Punch into Google search-

KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL VADAKAYIL

We Hindus who have been at the receiving end for 800 long years , who voted Narendra Modi power hoped that he will stop this nonsense — all foul stories and rituals created by the white invader for soul harvesting !  

On the contrary after narendra Modi sat on the PM ‘s chair all these FOUL assaults on the roots of Hinduism have only increased multi-fold .  

Before elections Modi played to the Hindu gallery- and swept the polls .



Now -- he is more worried about his future vote SECULAR bank .  

Breach of trust --nay-- trust betrayed !





THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER CREATED FALSE STORIES THAT ALL ANCIENT HINDUS KINGS WHO TOOK SANYAS , AFTER THE VANAPRASTA STAGE GOT OVER ) CONVERTED TO GOODIE GOOD BUDDHISM / JAINISM –  JUST BECAUSE THEY HATED EVIL HINDUSIM ..

THEY HAD WEDGED OUT SHIVA FOLLOWERS ALREADY ( VEERASHAIVA LINGAYATHS ) BY FAKE STORIES AND MADE THEM BURY THE DEAD .

USING THEIR STOOGES LIKE BR AMBEDKAR THERE WAS A SLIMY ATTEMPT TO CONVERT BUDDHA AS THE 9TH AVATR OF VISHNU.    BUDDHA WAS A MORTAL OF GAUTAMA GOTRA WHO STRUGGLED FOR SALVATION.

THE WHOLE IDEA WAS TO CONVINCE THE RAM AND KRISHNA BHAKTS  ALSO TO BREAK AWAY FROM MOTHER RELIGION HINDUISM—

SEE, IF THE FOLLOWERS OF 9TH AVATAR OF VISHNU, BUDDHA CAN DO IT ( SIC ) — WHY CANT YOU RAM AND KRISHNA FOLLOWERS, WHO ARE ALSO FOLLOWERS OF AN EARTHLY AVATAR OF VISHNU ?

WHEN THEY COULD NOT DO THIS—THEY PAINTED LORD KRISHNA AS AN IMMORAL WOMANISER WITH A MISTRESS RADHA .

SORRY, RADHA NEVER EXISTED .

THEY PAINTED LORD RAM AS A HEARTLESS HUSBAND WHO ABANDONED HIS PREGNANT WIFE SITA .

SORRY , THIS STORY WAS INVENTED AND BACK DATED BY THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER OVER BRANDY AND CIGARS.

IT WONT WORK !

THIS IS WHY THIS BLOG SITE WAS CREATED – TO PIN THE LIE – 

DURGA OR KALI ( SHAKTI ) IS A FORCE FIELD , A COSMIC BLACK HOLE --

BRAHMA , VISHNU AND SHIVA ( CREATOR/ MEDIATOR/ DESTROYER ) ARE MICROSCOPIC TO MACROSCOPIC FORCE FIELDS .

The trinity of DVAITA Hinduism controls the tiny atom to the vast cosmos -- dance of opposites in a harmonious manner , with a mediator for seamless transition .. evaporation/ condensation-- catabolic/ anabolic -- aerobic / anaerobic – organic/ inorganic , north pole/ south pole etc .  Force fields have been personalized as mythology ( except for vishnu’s earthly avatars )

HINDUISM IS FULL OF ALLEGORIES , OUR VEDAS ARE CODED -- THE DIMWIT WHITE MAN HAS NEVER UNDERSTOOD IT ..

OUR ADVAITA HINDU GOD IS BRAHMAN - THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD -- WHICH CANNOT BE DETECTED BY OUR 5 HUMAN SENSES .

NO LITERATURE HAS EVER MATCHED THE WISDOM OF HINDUISM--  OR CAN EVER MATCH IT IN FUTURE .

VEDAS WERE WRITTEN DOWN 7000 YEARS AGO DUE TO DNA/ PINEAL GLAND ATROPHY CAUSING MEMORY LOSS , AFTER 30000 YEARS ON THE ORAL ROUTE .

punch into google search -


NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS VADAKAYIL .

Hindus have only 4 original mutts ( sringeri/ dwarka/ puri / badrinath ) —rest of the mutts and shankaracharyas are all FAKE-  created by the white invader to drive wedges .

Here is another cock and bull IMMORAL story in Times of India.

“ DID BRAHMA MARRY HIS OWN DAUGHTER ?”

http://www.speakingtree.in/spiritual-slideshow/seekers/mysticism/did-lord-brahma-marry-his-own-daughter

This is vile poison injected by the immoral white invader.

Here is the ridiculous cooked up story over brandy and cigars —

When Brahma created Shatrupa ( hundred times more beautiful ) , he got so horny after seeing his own creation that he started stalking her. 

The poor girl ran north , west , south and east—b ut our man Brahma keep following her with a hard on. Every time she turned Brahma sprouted an new head TEE HEEEEE ! and now BAAD BAAAAAAD incestuous Brahma had 5 heads total . 

Lord Shiva as if on cue came to the rescue of the poor damsel in distress. He fired the hell out of Brahma for such incestuous wanton behavior and he cut of one head . 

So five minus one is three- --nay – SCRATCH SCRATCH--four, right ? 

And shiva laid down the ground rule – from henceforth nobody –repeat – nobody shall worshipeth BAAAAD BAAAAAAD brahma.

Ever since then poor brahma has been reciting vedas from each of his 4 mouths –even without pausing to dig his nose —nay—8 nostrils . 

HOLD IT—

I MUST SCRATCH MY LONG EARS AND EAT A BANANA, NOW !

Nobody heard of emperor Ashoka before the white invader came to India, who gave up Hindusim and embraced Buddhism .

The white invader injected poison into our hindu scriptures .

The immoral white invader created 330 million gods— created all fake DASA characters ( tulsidas / kabirdas etc ) – he created the fake RADHA , the mistress of lord Krishna – he created false stories of lord ram banishing his wife— false stories of wives of sapta rishis ( big dipper ) running after lord shiva walking around naked with erect phallus— animal / human sacrifice in temples – aghori shiva living in grave yard - sati – untouchability – fake manu’s laws with atheist and Buddhist stooges—fake ASHOKA type kings getting fed up with violent hindusim and adopting pacifist Buddhism/ Jainism –ninth avatar of Vishnu being Buddha instead of lord ayyappa—

The white invader converted the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu , Ayyappa to be the off spring of homosexual union between Vishnu/ Shiva .   And today wolves in sheeps clothing like Triple Sri back this LIE openly on TV.   The west loves this man. 

The west is nervous as Lord Ayyappa drwas more pilgrims than Kumbh Mela, Haj, Tirupati or any other religious congregation world wide .

They divided Yajurveda into Shukla ( white ) for North Indians with white idols and Krishna ( dusky ) for South Indians with black idols . Colour divide at its best.

ALL FOR SOUL HARVESTING AND DIVIDE AND RULE .

what do I mean when i say that nobody heard of RADHA, the mistress of Lord Krishna before the white invader came to India ?

what do I mean when I say that before the white invader came to India ,nobody heard of all theses DASA characters , who formed splinter groups in Hinduism ?.

Nobody heard of Chitpavan Jews --nay --brahmins, before the white invader came to India ?

SATI was an unknown practice till the white invader came to India .

Nobody heard of the invading Aryans who wrote our Vedas and gave us Sanskrit language , till the white invader came to India ?

Nobody knew what a wicked guy Manu was till the white man came to India ?

We had only a handful of gods like Shiva/ Vishnu/ Rama/ Krishna / Devi etc till the white invader came in with 330 million Hindu gods ?

The white invader chose our heroes and our symbols .  They have driven a wedge between shaivites and vaishnavites --like Sunni/ Shia.    Some hindus like Veerashaiva Lingayath even stopped cremation .   

They created new religions and even wrote their single holy books with DASA verses .  

The white christain invader made river side mosques where they wanted leather tanneries.--- --- -

Need I say more ?

While the Vedic form of yajna require no idols and shrines, while the Agamic tradition requires any of the 330 million ( white invader created idols ) with RIDICULOUS methods of puja .

The Saiva Agamas and to the Saiva Siddhanta Tamil philosophy even put meat on the Shiva Lingam.    
Hindus began wondering what the fu#k is all this and became self loathing.

Initially Agamas were Jainism scriptures based on Mahavira’s teachings.

The biggest feather of Tamil Pride, the Silappatikaram ( tale of an anklet ) is one of the greatest epics of Tamil. Little do they know that this ORIGINAL Jain poet was a Malayali from Kodungallur.

The white invader has been tom tomming that the word "agama"(authoritative scripture ) was used by Panini, the Sanskrit grammarian, as a linguistic term—which is BULL of the first order.

EVR Periyar the stooge of R , has ensured that Tamils follow poison injected ( by white invader) Tamil Agamas and condemn the Vedas.  Saiva Agamas hold Siva as the supreme Godhead.

Sakta Agamas hold Sakti as the supreme Godhead. These Tantras are of two kinds, Vama and Dakshina.

Agamic texts in contrast, though they deal with various disciplines of knowledge, are primarily meant to be guides for practitioners

Whatever references to the Agamic tradition, in the Vedas is poison injected .

For example Atharva Veda has been made as a VERY RECENT Veda just because it contains references to NONSENSE poison injected Agama stuff written in Tamil, by the Tamil stooges of R from the FAKE Kanchi Mutt.

EVR Periyar followers from Malaysia has also been writing MEAT EATING agamas in Tamil. R had taken EVR Periyar on a foreign tour to such places with Tamil diaspora . Tamils went to these places like slaves and NONE of them are Brahmins.

Who the hell are these illiterate indentured labour people to write MEAT EATING and ANIMAL SACRIFICE and SHAIVITE VAISHNAVITE WEDGE agamas?

Agamas written by Kerala Namboodiris are authentic—and so are the ones written from the 4 original mutts set up by Adi Shankaracharya in 2000 BC.

ROTHSCHILD HAD MADE EVR PERIYAR TAKE A TOUR OF ALL THE FOREIG PLACES WITH TAMIL DIASPORA—

Punch into Google search-
HINDUISM IN BALI VADAKAYIL

Punch into Google search-
THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL


What happens in Kodungallur temple , one of the oldest places of worship on this planet has to be seen to be believed.

Sexually perverted songs are sung “ that the goddess is so horny that she needs a LARGE PRICK as big as the temple flag pole to satisfy her” .

Successive Kerala govts of soulless atheist communists and Syrian Christians (Jews ) using their R remote controlled media have sustained this LIE , despite protests from Hindus.
  
The white invader has almost made the Kamakhya temple into a Kumbh Mela .

The Ambubachi mela, a large congregation of Atheists and anti-Hindu people in the world, is held at the temple every year during the monsoon season .

A false propaganda was created by the immoral white invader that Goddess Kamakhya goes through her menstrual cycle at that time.

There is no idol of the presiding deity but she is worshiped in the form of a yoni-like stone that resembles the female genitalia.

The temple remains closed for 3 days—we must keep the bullsh#t tradition of secluding women during their menstrual cycle, right?

On the fourth day the temple reopens and thousands of people ( all out to destroy Hinduism) make a mad rush to receive a prasad ( abgavastra sanitary rag , moist with angadhak menstrual fluid ) which is comprised of small bits of cloth, supposedly moist with the red menstrual fluid of Goddess Kamakhya.

The white invader has termed this as a celebration of the fertility of Mother Earth--and they show this in white lands --for them to snigger and smirk at the hindu PAGAN SAVAGES.

A whole lot of FAKE corpse eating ( cannibals of dead cadavers ) Aghoris invade the temple playing to the Western cameras.

This dead cadaver cannibal act symbolizing the rise from 'Shava to Shiva'.( sic !).

The enemies of Hinduism just love to film all this .

The white invader has make out that this temple was a Khasi sacrificial site where human sacrificed took place to please the goddess.

Hinduism NEVER EVER had animal sacrifice leave alone human sacrifice.

Devotees come every morning with goats to offer to Shakti—and if you see objectively NONE of these people are Hindus.

Let me quote Wikipedia-- QUOTE- According to Banikanta Kakati, there existed a tradition among the priests established by Naranarayana that the Garos, a matrilineal people, offered worship at the earlier Kamakhya site by sacrificing pigs-UNQUOTE

The white invader dragged in Maharishi Vatsa . The perverted Kamasutra translated by Sir Richard Fracis Burton has been falsely attributed to Maharishi Vatsa .

Let me quote Wikipedia --QUOTE- Vatsayana,a Vedic Sage in Varanasi during the later first Century was approached by the King in the Himalayan region (now Nepal) to find a solution to convert the tribals and their rituals of HUMAN SACRIFICE to a more socially accepted worship.  

The Sage suggested the worship of a tantric goddess Tara that spread towards the eastern Himalayan belt till the Garo Hills where the tribals worshipped a fertility 'yoni' goddess 'Kameke'—UNQUOTE

THE WHITE INVADER INJECTED POSION INTO ANCIENT TEXTS LIKE ‘SOUNDARYA LAHARI’ WRITTEN BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA IN 2000 BC.

LORD SHIVA WAS MADE TO ROAM AROUND NAKED WITH AN ERECT PHALLUS , IN DEODHAR FOREST HOLDING A SKULL AS A BEGGING BOWL .

THIS GETS THE WIVES OF SAPTA RISHIS SEXUALLY CHARGED AND THEY DISCARDED THEIR CLOTHES , AND FOLLOWED HIM ( BHIKSHATANA ) AROUND , GETTING THE MAHARISHIS TOTALLY UPSET.

HINDUS HAVE THEIR GOTRAS AFTER THE SEVEN MAHARISHIS RISHIS. THIS IS AN ATTACK ON THE ROOTS OF HINDUISM .

Punch into google search-
SOUNDARYA LAHARI BY ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC VADAKAYIL

All puranas where lord shiva marries women other than sati and parvati are all poison injected by the immoral white invader.

THERE ARE HUNDREDS OF PLACES WHERE THE VULGAR WHITE INVADER AS INJECTED POISON.

for example:-

In Chapter 2.6 Hymns 13-95 of the Brahma Vaivarta Purana, it is stated that Lord Vishnu has three wives, namely Lakshmi, Ganga, and Saraswati. All the three wives keep fighting. Finally Vishnu gets fed up and keeps Lakshmi for himself, and gives Ganga to Shiva and Saraswati to Brahma.

HINDUSIM HAS BEEN ATTACKED EVER SINCE THE WHITE MAN INVADED INDIA --AND THEIR USED THEIR STOOGES LIKE THE CHITPAVAN BRAHMINS, TAMIL IYERS AND EVEN BR AMBEDKAR / EVR PERIYAR TO GOOD EFFECT.

The BHAKTI movement was basically to DRIVE WEDGES , DIVIDE AND RULE and MAKE THE HINDUS SELF LOATHING .

They cut the strength from under the feet of sanskrit mantras and brahmins who knew sanskrit.

Temple priests were encourages to sing hymns ( not mantras ) in local language --using the FAKE mutts and various sects and samaj.

one samaj will say temples are good but vedas aint no good.

another samaj will say vedas are all balls and shiva is good.

another samaj will say that idol worship is no good but vedas are good.

another will say that vishnu is good but shiva aint no good.

another will say --that vishnu worshipers who sing vernacular hymns are good and the ones chanting sanskrit mantras aint no good.

example: what did the renaissance movement , Brahmo samaj say?

Brahmo samaj was started at Calcutta on 20 August 1828 by Raja Ram Mohan Roy and Debendranath Tagore

Brahmo Samajists have no faith in any scripture as an authority.-- so screw the vedas and the mutts .

Brahmo Samajists have no faith in Avatars.--so there goes ram and krishna

Brahmo Samajists denounce polytheism and idol-worship.-- so screw them temples

Brahmo Samajists are against caste restrictions-- illiterate shudras can be priests ( almost like nurses can be brain surgeons ).

Brahmo Samajists make faith in the doctrines of Karma and Rebirth optional--concept of karma/ moksha is thrown into the dustbin.

Then we have all these FAKE DASA series TOTALLY SUBVERTING HINDUISM, GIVING IMMORAL BULL.

The white invader used their Indian stooges to good effect.   

They gave a list of POISON INJECTED AREAS in our scriptures and made BR Ambedkar who did NOT know sanskrit, write a book called RIDDLES IN HINDUSIM.

EVEN IF I KNEW SANSKRIT-- I WILL TAKE 50 YEARS WORKING 18 HOURS A DAY , TO GLEAN AND PING THE STUFF BR AMBEDKAR WROTE IN "RIDDLES IN HINDUISM".

THIS IS ASSUMING ALL THE ORIGINALS SANSKRIT MANUSCRIPTS ARE IN MY BED ROOM STACKED AWAY IN HUNDREDS OF CUPBOARDS -- AND AN ATTENDANT GIVES ME THE PAGE WHEN I WISH FOR IT..

MIND YOU THERE IS NO INTERNET GOOGLE SEARCH TO GIVE YOU SOME INFO IN A SECOND.

Who was Raja Ram Mohan Roy ?   He was a Muslim convert masquerading as a brahmin .

Punch into Google search-
THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL

Hindu gods are FORCE FIELDS except for the earthy avatars of Vishnu

They have been personalized in our puranas , for easy consumption.

Today the christians ,and muslims make fun of 33 crore hindu gods.

Sorry-- islam lifted the brahmAN ( advaita ) from hinduism-- which is nothing but an unseen INTELLIGENT MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD .

it can range from the empty space inside the tiny atom in which electrons whiz around to the the ether of the cosmos in which the planets move around .

Punch into google search-
ADVAITA VEDANTA VADAKAYIL

SHIVA / VISHNU/ BRAHMA are also force fields-again personalised .

The immoral white man has injected poison, that they were seducing each other wives and holding ridiculous competitions, to check out who is stronger .

Again this TRINITY of creator/ preserver / destroyer ranges from the tiny atom where the electrons do NOT fall into the nucleus or fly away -- to the big bang/ blackhole which created the vast cosmos ( we call it inhalation exhalation )-

All this is beyond the intelligence of the people who ridicule Hinduism.

punch into google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

The secrets of the coded verses and the allegories within the sutras -- can be seen only by the perceptive.

If you know the card game of bridge it is exciting, to others who know only gambling by teen pathi --it is a mindless game.

Let these ignorant drunken gamblers remain and wallow in their ignorance , that poor Hindus are searching for lost cows --

--what is the need to tell them that draupadi's 5 husbands are allegories for the 5 topmost chakras?

Why do other religions copy OM – as AMEN, SHALOM, AMIN / 786 , OMKAR etc

The FAKE Krittivasa Ramayana, was an R sponsored book how king Bhagiratha, who brought the sacred river Ganga from heaven to earth, was born out of LESBIAN SEXUAL UNION of two widows .

These POISON FILLED Sanskrit and Bengali texts ridiculously explain that his name Bhagiratha comes from the word bhaga (vulva), because he was born of two vulvas.

The R sponsored Krittivasi Ramayan is attributed to a back dated to 15th century Bengali poet Krittibas Ojha. It is supposed to be a translation of the Ramayana into Bengali, which represents the first translation of the Ramayana into any North Indian language other than Sanskrit. 

The current edited and abridged version of the epic is attributed to a R stooge Jaygopal Tarkalankar and was published in 1834.

Sri Sri Ravishankar has become a darling of the west after he said that homosexuality is sanctioned by Hinduism. When asked about homosexuality, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, founder of the international Art of Living movement, said, “Every individual has both male and female in them. Sometimes one dominates, sometimes other; it is all fluid.”

Today they are making out the FAKE Kamasutra ( translated by Richard Burton) and “supposed to be written “ by FAKE Vatsayana as a sexual text about Krishna and his FAKE mistress Radha.

Here is a sample-

QUOTE : For erring men, the Kama Sutra recommends this evergreen rule:
A lady, however shy or furious she may be, cannot ignore a man falling at her feet, this is a universal rule (meaning not restricted by time, place or context). (3.2.11)

Indeed, this was the very manner in which Lord Krishna, even after having sported with another female the whole night, managed to extract forgiveness from his beloved Radha.: UNQUOTE .

Jaipur literary fest attended by India’s moth eaten faced pseudo intellectuals always have a discussion of Vatsayana’s Kamasutra.

This movie which made the EVR Periyar atheists happy, has glorified Aghoris ( dead cadaver cannibals ).

Sanatana Dharma has NOTHING to do with Aghoris.


MAAN  EH — SO MUCH OF  FU#KIN’  FILTH — SO MUCH NEGATIVITY --


LET ME FORMAT YOUR BRAINS, WITH A NICE SONG !




"Bailando (English Version)"

Bless 'em on the rain, no stress
And this one is straight for di girl 'em
Enrique Iglesias longside Gente de Zona (Deceme)
Get di girl them in a di zone
And there's a big bone
Sean a-Paul let me tell ya what me tell 'em 'pon the zone
Liking it just like that
Di girl let 'em move 'pon track
Sean a-Paul let me tell ya
Enrique, sing for 'em, do it.

[Enrique:]
You look at me and, girl, you take me to another place (because me need it baby girl)
Got me feeling like I’m flying, like I’m out of space (heart beat)
Something ‘bout your body says, "Come and take me." (because me need it baby girl)
Got me begging, got me hoping that the night don’t stop (rock that body 'cause we don’t stop party)

[Gente De Zona:]
(Bailando, bailando, bailando, bailando)
Tu cuerpo y el mío
Llenando el vacío
Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando)
(Bailando, bailando, bailando, bailando)
Ese fuego por dentro
Me está enloqueciendo
Me va saturando

[Enrique:]
Girl, I like the way you move
Come and show me what to do
You can tell me that you want me
Girl, you got nothing to lose
I can’t wait no more (ya no puedo más)
I can’t wait no more (ya no puedo más)

[Sean Paul:]
Sean!!!
She a call a me for fit it
'Cause you nah say me not pretty
Me a tell you no for pit it
Any time when me get it
It's gonna be alright.
We taking it full fly
We doing this all night
Baby girl.

[Enrique:]
I wanna be contigo
And live contigo, and dance contigo
Para have contigo
Una noche loca (una noche loca)
Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca)
I wanna be contigo
And live contigo, and dance contigo
Para have contigo
Una noche loca (with you girl)
Con tremenda loca

[Sean Paul:]
Oh oh oh come, baby girl?
Oh oh ohhaaa stay with me, girl!
Oh oh ohhh play with me, girl!
Oh oh ohaaa come, baby girl?

[Enrique:]
I look at you and it feels like paradise (estoy en otra dimencion)
You got me spinning, got me crazy, got me hypnotized (tus latidos aceleran a mi corazón) (heart beat)
I need your love, I need you closer (because me need it baby girl)
Keep me begging, keep me hoping that the night don’t stop (rock that body 'cause we don’t stop party)

[Gente De Zona:]
(Bailando, bailando, bailando, bailando)
Tu cuerpo y el mío
Llenando el vacío
Subiendo y bajando (subiendo y bajando)
(Bailando, bailando, bailando, bailando)
Ese fuego por dentro
Me está enloqueciendo
Me va saturando

[Enrique:]
Girl, I like the way you move
Come and show me what to do
You can tell me that you want me
Girl, you got nothing to lose
I can’t wait no more (ya no puedo más)
I can’t wait no more (ya no puedo más)

[Sean Paul:]
Sean!!!
She a call a me for fit it
'Cause you nah say me not pretty
Me a tell you no for pit it
Any time when we get it
It's gonna be alright.
We taking it full fly
We doing this all night
Baby girl.

[Enrique:]
I wanna be contigo
And live contigo, and dance contigo
Para have contigo
Una noche loca (una noche loca)
Ay besar tu boca (y besar tu boca)
I wanna be contigo
And live contigo, and dance contigo
Para have contigo
Una noche loca
Con tremenda loca

[Outro: Sean Paul]
Baby girl, you are the bomb bomb the drop drop killing it with the one drop
The way you move, girl, let me heart beat want stop
Tik a tik a tok, never gonna stop, girl
Let ma heart burn when you fit and turn
Energy you give me, girl, you run the world
Sexy body she a full of body, girl
Let me turn your body to rise up in there
Long time me looking up and listen my world

Oh oh oh come, baby girl?
Oh oh ohhaaa stay with me, girl!
Oh oh ohhh play with me, girl!
Oh oh ohaaa come, baby girl?


Below: Zumba fitness !


All right, break is over-- here we go again-- 





So so so---
Maharishi Brighu decided to pay a visit to Brahma / Shiva and Vishnu to find out who is superior .
He visited Lord Brahma first. Brahma just ignored him. Getting pissed off he told Brahma nobody will worship you again.

Then he went to visit Lord Shiva. Shiva was busy having sexual intercourse with Laxmi. On top all this Nandi the bull had given him a tough time at the gates . Finally Shiva gets disturbed and comes in front with his lingam erect and ripping with semen .

Maharishi Brighu totally embarrased by such a wanton exposure, cursed him -- in future people will worship you only in erect prick form. TEE HEEE --some imahination here.

Then our man Maharishi Brighu goes to visit Lord Vishnu. Vishnu pretended to sleep. Now the only way to wake up someone who is pretending to sleep is by a resounding kick on his chest. So furious Brighu gives him such a hard kick that even today there is a Sri Vatsa mark there on the right hand side of his chest. TEE HEEE !

But Vishnu was NOT a moron -- pretending to ask for foregiveness Vishnu caught his feet and crushed the third eyed under the foot of Brighu.( Oh Boy , I thought it was on his scrotum --between the as$hole and his balls ) .

Vishnu even kindly inquired " SIR Brighu , has my chest hurt your feet ( charan kamal ) --I am so sorry ".

SIR Brighu was pleased like pudding--and he declated Vishnu the winner among the Trimurti.

TEE HEEEE !

Wanna know what is Sri Vatsa Mark,which will be on the chest of Vishnu's Kalki avatar ? ( Mahavira had it too –but NOT Buddha )

The endless knot of Sri Vatsa is found on Vishnu’s right side chest.  This symbol represents the interweaving of change with time.   Srivatsa is one of the 1008 names of Lord Vishnu in the Vishnu Sahasranam.  The Kaustubh Mani was a powerful deep blue diamond with a radiance equal to the sun.   It was obtained during the churning of the sea ( Samudra Manthan ) .

Lord Vishnu wears Kaustubh Mani in a garland on his chest. This tone brings invincibility on to its wearer .

The Srivatsa mark on Lord Vishnu’s right chest is due to this diamond, which caused a design of fine yellow hair in an endless knot geometrical form—as per Sree Bhagawatham (SB 10.13.48)

SAHAR VAKSH STHAL KAUSTUBHASHRIYAM, NAMAMI VISHNUM SIRASA CHATURBHUJAM ||

This hymn talks about the Kaustubha diamond on Vishnu. . Both Srivatsa and Kaustubha are generally listed together in the same line, often in the same word even, in the verses of the Bhagavatam.

Shiva is incomplete without Brahma and Vishnu—as they are force field which work in tandem and in harmony..

Shiva is an energy field which has been personalised.

No MORONIC Veerashaiva Lingayat can just say -- i do NOT believe in the other fields which balance and sustain it. Same way the saivites and Vaishnavites cannot fight with each other

This is magic.

At home your septic tank for sh#t has ANAEROBIC bacteria-- they die in oxygen and survive on methane.

On the ship our SEWAGE treatment plant tank has AEROBIC BACTERIA ( sustained by air blowers which run like the human heart--always ) and the bacteria survives on oxygen .

Now if you open out the slab of your home septic tank, the anaerobic bacteria will die -- and the sh#t will start stinking.

But like MAGIC as the methane dependant bacteria dies, a mediator field causes oxygen dependant bacteria to be born as a substitute.

This is the miracle of BRAHMA ( creator ) -- VISHNU ( mediator ) --SHIVA ( destroyer )

So can Shiva exists on its own ?

Absolutely not !

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL .

I wish all the Veera Shaiva Lingayath community knows about this truth !
Veerashaiva lingayaths are one of the most respected and ancient community as per our Sanatana Dharma scriptures .

4000 year ago, a person no less than Adi Shankaracharya ordained that your community can be priests in Kedarnath temple ( in there is paucity of Kerala Namboodiris ) --considering they people were good Hindus and great Shiva bhakts.

TODAY THIS COMMUNITY ARE NOT HINDUS--  AS THEY BURY THEIR DEAD BODY.
In Hindusim a person who have even a WEE bit of ego has to be cremated.

Rothschild screwed the Veera Shaiva  community-- but HEY, they can take solace as  most of the Karnataka CMs are from this community -- all corrupt ones with HUGE egos .

This community was hijacked by Rothschild-- and degraded .  For getting degraded they got sops from the white invader.

Rothschild created the FAKE guru Vishwaguru Basavanna and back dated him to 1190 AD. . Also known as Vishvaguru Basava ( Basaveshwara ) , he was touted as the first Lingayat.

There are NO dargahs in hindusim.

Today they are just like other BURIAL religions whose souls remain trapped on earth-- after the advent of these burial religions when has this planet last known peace?

The Veerashaiva Lingayaths are buried in the Dhyana mudra (meditating position) with their Ishta linga in their left hand.

punch into google search-
RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

Veerashivas adored Lord Shiva for thousands of years – but this Rothschild created FAKE guru Basava taught that the Veerashaiva Lingayaths that they should worship him alone .

Rothschild used his stooge Illuminati Gandhi to push Basava .  Gandhi spoke thus at the Belgaum session of the Indian National Congress in 1924. “Had Vishaguru Basava lived during our times, he would have been worthy of worship”

Rothschild used his own BENAMI newspaper Times of India to push their creation as a god.
Times of India in its issue dated May 17, 1918 paid a glowing tribute to Basava:“ The present day social reformer in India is but speaking the language and seeking to enforce the mind of Basava -BLAH BLAH “

President of India Abdul Kalam inaugurated Basaveshwar's statue on April 28, 2003 in the Parliament of India in New Delhi.

Rothschild has pushed , the British Parliament wants a statue of our God Basaveshwara on the side of river Thames at Lambeth in London.
Oh BOY!
Very soon a Sai Baba statue will be on the lawns of White house too.

Siddheshwar ( Siddarama/ Siddarameswara) was a Kannada poet back dated to 12 th century by Rothschild to sing the praises of the GOD Basavanna's Veerashaiva revolution.

Hey, Rothschild’s historians they even made him King of Solapur.   Rama and Krishna were also kings , right? Competition maangtha hai na?

Rothschild even arranged a meeting of Siddeshwar with Lord Shiva in the guise of a certain Mallinath from Shrishail at a place called 'Gurubhet' , near Collector's Bungalow in Solapur. TEE HEEE !

Lot of cock a bull stories were floated to fool the Hindus. .

-- about how Lord Shiva felt like having hot fired tender Jowar and how our man Siddharama ran like Usain Bolt – nay --KFC / Pizza couriers on motorcycles.

And the Lord Shiva poor tender stomach got upset and then he demanded coleslaw –nay—cool curd-rice at in order to sooth the burning sensation in his stomach – and then how Siddharama started crying—

---and how the tears filled up a tank in the ground, which presently is known as Nayan-Kunda .--BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH –

it is better that I do NOT open my mouth more .






The white invader  created the bhakti movement , challenging the ancient Vedic system for us, with lot of fake DAS poets too. This movement is closely related to Islamic Sufism,OK?

Bhakti movement created the Veera Shaivas who do NOT get cremated—they get buried.

During the Bhakti movement, dozens of fake gurus sprouted all over India who kept their community followers OUTSIDE main stream Hinduism.

ALL PART OF DIVIDE AND RULE TACTICS OF ROTHSCHILD.

For example, Guru Ravidas was a Chamar of Uttar Pradesh-- Guru Parsuram Ramnami was a Chura of Chhatisgarh-- Maharishi Ram Naval was a Bhangi of Rajasthan etc etc.

Deep fissures were driven into Hinduism , with all different groups singing STUPID songs using dholaks ( drums ) to get salvation .  
I saw a Pakitani Admiral on TIMES NOW TV news hour ridiculing Hindus “ Chalo tum log dholak bajao  “—and he acts it out for good measure
Sanskrit was nearly wiped out.

The British did propaganda that this is what Adi Shankaracharya meant by Bhakti Yoga .
Bhakti Yoga is what temple performers ( devadasis ) did in our ancient temples –devotion to God and raising consciousness .

It was NOT about ridiculous folk singing and jumping around with drums and cymbals. People were brainwashed, Brahmins knowing Sanskrit are foreign invaders while you guys are the real sons of the soil.

Bhakti movement fanned by the stooges of the British spread like wild fire.   No body cared that our epics never mentioned such ridiculous content.

South Indians were told that Ramayana was all about South being invaded by the North. Nobody cared that Ravana and Rama were of same stock.

It is indeed a wonder that Hindusim is still alive—just shows the resilience of spirituality vide Dharma.

Dattatreya is a FAKE god created by the white invader -- as an avatar of Shiva.

Shiva has NO avatars.  Only Vishnu has avatars.

You can see TIMES OF INDIA putting a post every 3 months HOW MANY AVATARS DID SHIVA HAVE ?

Rothschild even did propaganda that Guru Gobind  Singh wrote Dasam Granth in which he says that Dattatreya was an incarnation of Rudra ( Shiva ).

When you know the truth about who wrote the Guru Granth Sahib you will know the immoral deeds of rothschild.

punch into google search-

UNKNOWN HISTORY OF SIKHS AND SIKHISM , PAWNS IN DIVIDE AND RULE POLICY OF BRITISH EMPIRE VADAKAYIL .





Today the internet is full of FAKE stories about Aghoris who eat dead bodies in the graveyard.

Punch into google search- DATTATREYA WIKIPEDIA

So Rishi Atri gets a son named Dattatreya -- all bull.

This is the trash you get.

QUOTE The Markandeya Purana reports that Dattatreya, to free himself of all attachments, dove into a lake where he stayed for many years. By doing so, he also hoped to evade an assembly of Munis who remained on the banks of the lake awaiting his return. Datta emerged from the water naked in the company of a beautiful woman. The text relates that he made love with her (maithuna), drank liquor, and enjoyed singing and music. UNQUOTE

You will also get NONSENSE like-

“Goddesses Saraswathi, Lakshmi and Parvati wanted to test the chastity of Anasuya, who was reputed to be the epitome of chastity. So, they sent their husbands Brahma, Vishnu and Siva, who asked Anasuya to serve them food in her nude form” ( i wonder if she was allowed to wear her sanitary napkin –kum se kum  ) .

Such is the posion injected by the Christian white man..

Aghor tradition believes that Jagadguru Dattatreya propounded the tradition of Aghor.

The word Aghor literally means “that which is not difficult or terrible.”    There are a number of Dattatreya temples in Maharastra.

Theoretically these people don’t attach themselves to anything mortal— that does NOT mean they eat corpses..

No body knows Saibaba's religion and his cast and Creed..  Many of Hindu devotees have been brainwashed to believe that he is the incarnation of Lord Dattatreya.

There was Sufi saint Baba Budan (also called Guru Dattatreya), who is revered by both Muslims and Hindus, thanks to the efforts of the white invader to confuse and baffle with bull .    

There are several Muslim Sufis who are revered by their Hindu followers as forms or incarnations of Dattatreya.

Guru Nanak went to Mecca, he was NOT killed. When he dies both Hindus and Muslims fought over his dead body.

Sufi legend has it, that the slogan or elating cry for the Supreme Being Alakh  ( Allah Malik ) means A-Lakhshana ,  was first coined by Rishi Dattatreya.

Oh yes, now we have a Youtube guru Dattatreya who stays in USA with a perpetual sick mug , who speaks good English in a monotone..and who is propagating GLEEM instead of OM--

IDIOT !

Rothchild’s aim was to drive fissures into Hindusim and create separate religions like Sikhism—NOT castes.

So Vishva Guru Basavanna was a FAKE creation by the British .

We can say that the Jew was successful , as today there are 10 million Lingayaths in Karnataka itself—who run down the priceless Vedas .

Even two months ago foreign funded desh drohis were clamoring to make Lingayath a new religion .

Like Khalistanis the Lingayaths have started hundreds of sites on the Internet—to spread this fake religion created by the ex-owner of British East India Company.

These sites claim that Basavanna told his people NOT to believe in god.  Their religious symbol would be a globular shaped emblem called Ishtalinga that is worn on body.

Their Mecca would be Kudala Sangama in Bagalakot district of Karnataka, where founder-prophet Basavanna merged with their type of God (Lingaikya).

Sharana Mela would be their annual congregation to increase their numbers.

Their flag will be a saffron flag with a Hexagonal star with Istalinga .

They do NOT care for Hindusim or the Vedas for Lingayathism is not based on the preachings of Vedas, Upanishads , Gita etc . but based on Vachana literature.

A true Lingayath will NOT have a horoscope etc.

Lingayats will have their own Metaphysics - Shunya Siddhanta—BULL OF THE HIGHTEST ORDER created by Rothschild himself. ( to rival Surya Siddhanta )

They will have their own mystic philosophy called Shatasthala- BULL OF THE HIGHEST ORDER created by Rothschild himself.

THEIR PROPHET ( LIKE MOHAMMAD )WOULD BE LORD BASAVANNA . ( such a man did NOT exist in the period of 1134-1196—as touted by the British. Before British came to India nobody knew of this man.   

All history is post written--by the white invader over brandy and cigars .

They tried to spread this religion to Maharashtra , Kerala and Tamil Nadu—it failed.

Basavanna was revived by people like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar.

The greatest damage done by Jew Rothschild was to fool the Lingayaths that cremation is bad and only burial is good , like Christianity, Islam and Judaism.

Today Lingayaths suffer due to this as they do NOT believe in Karma – and their soul is trapped on earth.

The dead are buried in the Dhyana mudra (meditating position) with their Ishta linga in their left hand.

AGAIN, A PERSON WHO GETS BURIED IS NOT A HINDU.

Guru Gobind Singh was poisoned to death by the white invader. The Sikhs are now a separate religion, but they were smart enough to shun burial , though Rothschild tried to get them to do it. 

However they succeded in making Sikhs accept a single holy book, like Koran--and today Sikhs hate Hindus.

Veerendra Patil, Shivraj Patil, BD Jatti, Nijalingappa, SR Bommai, SR Kanti , BS Yedurappa, JH Patil , J Shettar are all Lingayaths ( Veera Shaivas )—who pretended to be Hindus to get Hindu votes.

Wanna know more—I have been decent and responsible .

If you are a Lingayath, do NOT make me open my mouth more.

Ten million Veera Shaivas will be blown off their moorings forever.

It was Rothschild who forced the Veerashaiva Lingayats to reject, the priceless Vedas , the system of four Hindu mutts, karmic bondage, the existence of inner worlds, duality of God and soul, temple worship and the traditions of mantra rituals.

Rothschild picked on this community , to strike at the roots of Hindusim, as Adi Shankaracharya in all his wisdom allowed Kedarnath temple to use Shiva Bhakts Veerashaiva priest in lieu, instead of a Kerala Namboodiri priest — as the Namboodiris were reluctant to go to cold barren places ..

Rothschild made separate rituals .

There there are jangamas and mathas (monastery) all over .

On the occasion of birth in a Lingayat family, the child is entered into the faith that same day by a visiting jangama, who bestows a small Sivalinga encased in a pendant tied to a thread.

This same Linga is to be worn throughout life.

Veerashaiva sect has been opting to be different from Hindusim –in as much as in the census the Veerashaiva community gave their religious identity as OTHER ( Joshua Project 2 program )

Today there are 10 million Veerashaivas .

I predict in the near future Veera shaiva community will have Christian names..

A WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA—AND MADE HINDUS LOATHE THEIR OWN RELIGION .

But these misguided people who bury their dead instead of cremating as per the Vedic system (

Punch into Google search-
KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE VADAKAYIL

The FAKE mutts created these AGAM A nonsence and ridiculous rituals –mostly tamil.
There are dozens of fake stories. How Brahma cut off the head of a horse and fixed it on Vishnu BLAH BLAH .

This is an injected part of Srimad bhagawatam.  How Vishnu cursed his wife Lakshmi and how she became a female horse. How she prayed to Shiva and how Shiva told here that soon Vishnu would also become a horse .

Basically the white Christian man has tried to make Shaivites and Vaishnavites hate each other like Shias and Sunnis.
Now they are irriated with Lord Ayyappa because he draws maximum pilgrims on this planet at Sabarimala --more than Kumbh Mela -- 58 million in 2013. And this god is worshipped by both Vaishnavites ( hari ) and Shaivites ( hara ).

So, so, so Triple Sri has committed blasphemy on national TV ( NDTV and CNN IBN ) by saying on prime time that Shiva and Vishnu has homosexual sex and created Lord Ayyappa.

Brahma Kumari teachings are based on mediumistic messages given through trance mediums or channels.

The movement does NOT associate itself with Hinduism.

This organization has now adopted the new name, World Spiritual University.

They have more than 4000 branches in 62 countries, with funding from Zionists and Joshua Project 2.

The worst President of India, Pratibha Patil had been sponsoring the Brahma Kumari cult ( i had dream at Mount Abu of becoming President BLAH BLAH ) .

They have an office space in UNO which is controlled by Rothschild.

Most of the meditation centres around the world were under the banner of Raja Yoga Centres—a blatant deception.

The Brahmakumaris predict depopulation by an nuclear apocalypse, which will happen very soon . This is required to "purify" the world of vice.

Following destruction, an army of special individuals including scientists and virgin Brahma Kumaris will rebuild civilization to its highest, high technology Golden Age in less than 30 years.
Oh Boy!

Their god was a Rothschild Sindhi stooge Sindhi millionaire businessman Lekhraj Khubchand Kripalani, or Dada Lekhraj.

Earlier they called him an incarnation of Lord Krishna—and now they have changed over to Lord Shiva.

NOW--

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO CHECK OUT THE PHOTO OF THEIR GOD IN THREE PIECE SUIT --

SUPPOSED TO BE AN AVATAR OF LORD SHIVA --

Punch into Google search –
LEKHRAJ KHUBCHAND KRIPLANI WIKIPEDIA

Dada Lekhraj Khubchand Kripalani made his money with Rothschild and then started his jewelry business in Calcutta which was called Lakhiraj Shewakram and Sons, in Hogg Market ( New Market).

And you can see the GOD relaxing in 3 piece suit and bumpkin shoes .

He belonged to a sect which worshipped our Lord Vithobha.

Triple Sri Ravishankar a few days ago set a Guinness book of world records for largest number of drummers at a Vithobha ceremony .

Brahmakumari Shivani ( comes on Headlines today TV talking Vivek Oberoi in the morning ) and Sri Sri Ravi Shankar Speaks before their session on 'is ancient wisdom in sync with modern living @India Today Conclave 2013

KEEP AWAY FROM THIS CULT.

THIS IS NOT HINDUSIM !!

For example Amish Tripati is honoured by the west for converting Lord Shiva to a recent sex starved mortal and that too an Adivasi.   


This is what Wikipedia tells in the year 2013 --

Aghoris, are devotees of the god Shiva in his manifestation as Lord Bhairava.

They do post-mortem ritual cannibalism ( necrophagy – eating raw dead corpses ), urophagia ( drinking urine ) and coprophagy ( eating shit ) --

( HEY HOW ABOUT SCREWING CORPSES FOR GOOD MEASURE  -- LIKE HOW QUEEN KAUSALYA DID TO A DEAD HORSE AFTER ASHWAMEDHA ??? )

Below: CHEE CHEEE-- Hindu queens copulating with a dead horse --PUKE !





Punch into Google search-
ASHWAMEDHA YAGAM , A BLOODLESS SACRIFICE VADAKAYIL

Ashwamedha was made out to be a penance by the white invader for killing a Brahmin.  So we have Lord Rama having to do Ashwamedha yagna as penance for killing a  Brahmin (Brahmahatyadosha).

The cock and bull story?   

The origin of Bhairava can be traced to the conversation between Lord Brahma and Lord Vishnu recounted in "Shiv Maha-Puran" where Lord Vishnu asks Lord Brahma who is the supreme creator of the Universe. Arrogantly, Brahma tells Vishnu to worship him because he (Brahma) is the supreme creator.

This angered Shiva who then incarnated in the form of Bhairava to punish Brahma. 

Below: Dont make Bhairava angry , OK ?



Bhairava beheaded one of Brahma's five heads and since then Brahma has only four heads. TEE HEEEE ! most of the poison was injected into sanskrit purana scripts itself -- directly, and the originals destroyed .

Hundreds of Kashmiri brahmins who knew Sanskrit were kidnapped and taken to England.

They were told to inject poison --how Shiva and Vishnu were having GAY SEX etc .

This would be told to 3 pandits who cannot see each other in widely different parts of the country.

If the pandits wanted to be patriots and tried to resist poison injection hoping that the white man cannot understand sanskrit , they would be caught and tortured.

-- and then going back to India to get cremated after you die was impossible.

"Dattatreya , the avatar of Shiva , emerged from the water naked in the company of a beautiful woman.   The text relates that he made love with her (maithuna), drank liquor, and enjoyed singing and music " 

ONLY DOUBT WE MUST HAVE IS IF HE USED RIBBED CONDOM --AND IF SO WHAT COLOUR AND FLAVOUR.

So,  we have people in India blindly believing that " Brahma, Vishnu and Siva, were asked by their wives to eat food served by dattatreya's NUDE mother "

Oh yes, everybody including hindus and muslims want to make Dattatreya an avatar of Shiva and Vishnu.

Some want to make him an Aghori.

Maharishi Dattatreya is son of Maharishi Atri ( one of the seven rishis ) , and hence his name Atreya .

Datta means blessed by trinity to sage couple Atri and Anasuya. He has two brothers, Soma and Durvasas.

There are a few references to him in the famous Hindu epic the Mahabharata.

The original Maharishi Dattatreya is a DISCIPLE ( not avatar ) of Lord Shiva.

Lord Parashurama was a disciple of Maharishi Dattatreya.    The Tripura-rahasya refers to the disciple Parasurama finding Dattatreya meditating on Gandhamadana mountain.

 Aghor tradition believes that Jagadguru Dattatreya propounded the tradition of Aghor.

Below: So many avatars-- an avatar for every aghor occasion !



The word Aghor literally means “that which is not difficult or terrible.” There are a number of Dattatreya temples in Maharastra.

Theoretically these people don’t attach themselves to anything mortal—that does NOT mean they eat corpses..

No body knows Saibaba's religion and his cast and Creed..    Hindu devotees have been brainwashed to believe that he is the incarnation of Lord Dattatreya.

There are several Muslim Sufis who are revered by their Hindu followers as forms or incarnations of Dattatreya. 

Sufi Baba Budan  (also called three in one Brahma/ Vishnu/ Shiva -- Guru Dattatreya), was revered by both Muslims and Hindus, as per the white invader  .   To make him authentic he was awarded the prize for  bringing coffee to India. 

Below: Baba Budan a 17th century Muslim who is an incarnation of Shiva/ Vishnu/Brahma combined Dattatreya ( sic !) --what happened to your 4 dogs --MIAH ?   

If Baba Budan as a Muslim can be an avatar of the Hindu trinity Dattatreya--then why NOT Sai Baba ? 

Pray ?

Pritheee??



By the way, Robusta coffee was found on the Western Ghats of Kerala, India as early as 4000 BC.  This drink was used as a stimulant in Ayurveda, to cure migraines, by constricting blood vessels in the brain. The Ayurvedic physicians used their olfactory senses, while preparing medicines- and coffee beans was used to reset the sense of smell.

In the Linga Purana wherein the immoral white invader injected poison –Lord Shiva  seduces the wives of the Maharishis in the Deodar Forest who come to give him alms . 

Bhikshatana ( Lord Shiva naked with an erect phallus  ) roams around with a human skull as a begging bowl, and the Maharishis are very upset and have a confrontation with him.  Why not? Their wives were sexually excited at the mere sight of him.

Getting back -

The outraged sages watching their wives running after naked Shiva with his phallus dripping semen , curse his Linga to fall off and it becomes the infinite pillar— this is the extent the immoral white invedr has attacked Hindusim

The R stooge EVR Periyar followers converted Bhikshatana into a popular icon. 

The white invader cast the naked Shiva in bronze, and it can be seen with the dong hanging in almost every major Tamil Shiva temple. Such statues NEVER EVER existed before the white invader came to India.

In the Mylapore temple festival, the Bhikshatana icon is paraded in the streets along with four street dogs signifying the Vedas.  

Below: Dattatreya and the 4 dogs.   Dogs are better than Vedas , right?




Images of Bhikshatana depict him clothed with tiger skin and other body ornaments, but displaying an erect phallus in Tamila Nadu and Orissa. 

Below: Shiva with a erect prick, seducing the wives of the 7 maharishis - idols made by the white invader and then back dated.



The naked, Shiva with an erect phallus was followed by the naked wives of the sages singing and totally love sick.

Below: Immoral retro-installation by the FAKE mutts created by the white invader - maharishis lustful wives begging Shiva for a piece of the action 




Below :  Shiva and the wives of the 7 maharishis ( Hindus have their surnames as Gotra ) flashing their private parts to each other .



Why do Hindus tolerate these filthy cooked up lies.

Tripura Sundari Temple is  about 50 km from Agartala . During the time of the white invader ( never before ) the stooge priest conducted animal scarifices ( like at the Kamakhya temple in Guwahati ) which is NOT sanctioned by Sanatana Dharma ..

Goats were brought with garlands round their necks, as offerings. 

Below: Animal sacrifice introduced in Hindu temple Tripura Sundari, by the immoral white invader .



A notice board there still showsthe the charges for goat and buffalo sacrifices. The Kalika Purana is a poison injected Purana , created by the immoral white invader.

Thi kalika purana was made out to be a manual on how to do HUMAN SACRIFICE , ritual intercourse before the devi idols, use of beef and drugs before a Tantra ritual etc.

Sanatana dharma did NOT have even animal sacrifice, leave alone human sacrifice.

Using this fake purana thousands of self loathing Hindu Indians have been converted to Christianity.

Below: Sai Baba's  "TURIN SHROUD " type miracle  !!  Then he must be god, right?



A modus operandi to denigrate Hinduism, is by putting a post on Hinduism in a national newspaper , and then allowing VULGAR DEMEANING comments made by readers to stand.  

I would never allow that on my blogsite-   as I retain some sense censorship of my comments post—even though I may be busy. 

These are the FAKE stories which is touted by people like Zakir Naik.


An example?

Today we have many Indian writers who are highly sponsored and awarded by Zionist media and white Christian evangelists.

Let me quote , what one such feted Indian writer Devadutt Pattanaik ( the former chief belief officer -- BOY OH BOY ! --  of Future Group, one of India's largest retailers,)  has written about Nandi the bull.  

He injects poison and allows his readers to put poisonous comments .  He will NOT delete them , he has approved all of them.



ARTICLE -- Published in Devlok,  Sunday Midday,  August 08, 2010

He writes brimming with sarcasm , and the white man loves him  - 

I recently visited a brand new modern Shiva temple complete with a neon sign post and a billboard. The patron of the temple wanted me to see the USP of his temple: a gigantic Nandi bull placed in the courtyard facing the main shrine. 

Nandi is the mount of the hermit-god.  The statue made of concrete was an impressive one.  As I walked around it, I asked the patron, “Is this a bull or an ox?”    

“It is Nandi,” he replied.  So I clarified myself, “Is Nandi a bull or an ox?” 

This baffled the patron.  It dawned on me he did not know the difference between a bull and an ox.   A true blue city-slicker, with no understanding of animal husbandry practices, he was!

I had asked the question as I noticed that the scrotum (the bag of skin containing testicles) of the gigantic Nandi bull could not be seen at the back.  

In any traditional Shiva temple, one is often shocked by the importance placed to Nandi’s scrotum.  It hangs down prominently and some devotees, including the priest, make it a point to touch it before entering the shrine of Shiva.

Modern images of Nandi, made using concrete and marble and plastic and plaster of Paris, shy away from doing so.  “Because,” explained one craftsman who I interrogated, “people feel embarrassed by it.  They find it very vulgar.  So we don’t show it anymore.  Some even assume Nandi is a cow!”

We are becoming an increasingly prudish people.  Prudishness laced with ignorance is a dangerous combination.  Showing the scrotum of Nandi is critical.  The point is not to titillate.  The point is to inform all devotees that Nandi is male (not a cow) and that he is not castrated (not an ox or steer or bullock). 

This means he is not domesticated.  Nandi cannot be used to pull ploughs or carts.  He is no beast of burden.  To show Nandi without his scrotum is to take away his identity.

When I explained this to the temple patron, he came up with an ingenious answer to save face, “Actually the scrotum is there, hidden under his body.”  I smiled as no one can make a bull of concrete stand up.

In mythology, Shiva refuses to get married and be a householder.  In other words, he refuses to get domesticated.  But the Goddess appeals to him to marry her. 

Unless Shiva participates in worldly affairs, unless he serves her as a husband, children cannot be conceived and the world cannot be created. 

Shiva reluctantly agrees.  He becomes the groom of the Goddess, but he is never the head of her household.  He lives with her but is not the bread winner. 

He fathers children, but is not father to the children.  Shakti becomes the autonomous matriarch.  She becomes the cow, nourishing the world with her milk. 

He remains independent in spirit, refusing to be fettered by the ways of the world.  This aspect of Shiva is what Nandi portrays as he sits benignly at his master’s doorstep.

SOURCE :       http://devdutt.com/articles/indian-mythology/its-all-bull.html

Below : Devdutt Pattanaik --check out his laissez faire approach when dealing with Hindus spirituality --




  
COMMENT

mk • 3 years ago – ( COMMENT APPROVED AND PUBLISHED BY Devdutt Pattanaik in Midday newspaper )

Let me share an interesting and amusing anecdote as why nandi sits in front of Shivaś lingam and why we all touch his scrotum... .In the jungles of Ratnagiri, a folktale talks of lore long forgotten, there is tribe that sings the lore every Shivrathri.  it lore goes as below...

Shiva after getting married to Parvati was enjoying his blissful wedded life.  Parvathi after some time felt longing to visit her parents place and decided to go. after many years still she did not return. 

Shiva it seems was very lonely and could not continue to control his urge of sex.  Lo as his phallus became stiffer, he decided to use Nandis help. 

Nandi allowed Shiva to ravage his body on a condition that he would do once Shiva has finished his urge. ( PERVERTED BESTIALITY AT ITS BEST )

Once Shiva was over with his appetite, he ran away from nandi and sat in a small room turned himself into a phallus thus avoiding nandi. 

Nandi could not enter the small room sat outside waiting for Shiva and thus has been seating ever since.

Since then, all devotees of Shiva touch Nandiś scrotum before we worship Shiva as a reminder to Nandi of Shiva’s  promise.. so goes the tale.

I have heard this story myself among the tribals of western ghats when trekking near these remote places.    

So whether you guys rebuke me or not the story made every sense for me as to why touch Nandiś balls everytime.



WHO IS NANDI ?

Before worshipping Lord Shiva , devotees first seek the blessings of first devotee Nandi .   

Nandi is so devoted to Shiva that his every thought is directed to Him.  Nandi is always represented as quiet and benign.  Nandi is also considered to be the guardian of four-legged animals.  

Shiva is a force field who is depicted as a person in Hindu mythology.

The Shiva form cannot be complete without his vehicle, Nandi, the bull. .. 

Mahakala is NOT a gatekeeper , along with Nandi as said by many.   Mahakala is Shiva himself as Lord of Space / Time .  

In Hindu mythology, Nandi  is the guru of eighteen masters (18 siddhas) which also includes Maharishi Patanjali who wrote the Yoga Sutras.   

In Hindu mythology, Nandi is the bearer of faith, controlled strength / virility and protector of Dharma ( truth / righteousness.)

Below: 8000 year old Harappa seal 


Spiritually, Nandi represents an individual jiva (soul) and the message that the jiva should always be focussed on the Atman (Paramatman).

Every religion on this planet has lifted from Nandi—without the deep understanding of cosmic creation. Stone carvings and seals of Nandi bull were unearthed at Indus valley and Harappa.



Nandi, the white sacred bull with a black tail is the vahana ( Vimana ) of Lord Shiva.   

Almost all Shiva temples have the Nandi humped bull reclining on a raised platform and facing the entrance door of the shrine gazing at the Lord in his symbolic Shiva Lingam form.




After Samudra Manthan ( an allegory which requires highest perception and intelligence to understand )  the whole sea polymerized due to a deadly poison catalyzed by Cobra Vasuki’s venom.  



The planet was now in imminent danger .  Lord Shiva came forward as only he could salvage the grave situation.

 Shiva scooped up the poison into his hand and drank it.  Fearing that her husband would die, Parvati constricted his neck and the descent of the poison was in turn stopped at his throat.  The poison started spilling out of his mouth and Nandi jumped forward and lapped it up.



The devas and asuras watching were shocked and wondered aloud what would happen to Nandi.  Lord Shiva calmed their fears saying, "Nandi  has surrendered into me so completely that he has all my powers and my protection".  
  
Nandi is Shiva’s gatekeeper. 



We have a Indian millionaire author—if you want to be a millionaire denigrate Hinduism—by the name of Amish Tripathi.   

R controlled Forbes has ranked him among the top 100 celebrities in India twice in a row, in 2012 and 2013. 

Initially he called himself an atheist—recently his pants caught fore due to impending blasphemy court case charges and now he has become “ a devoted worshiper of Shiva” as per R controlled Wikipedia. 

Amish Tripathi , has reduce GOD Shiva to be a mortal MAN—and that too a recent tribal sexual pervert ( 1900 BC ) , engaged in enticing young girls.

Below: Deepak Chopra has recommended this book ! 



His books  Immortals of Meluha and The Secret of the Nagas is termed as a fantasy re-imagining the Indian deity Shiva's life. 

I will advise atheist Tripathi NOT to fu#k around with the faith of 1 billion Hindus,  the way a 
Muslim painter MF Hussain tried and failed.  

Do NOT get carried away by the vested help you got from the immoral West in marketing your bullshit books.
.



Hey-- all attackers of Hinduism -- eat your mangy hearts out--


Punch into Google search-

THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM, THE MOTHER OF ALL RELIGIONS VADAKAYIL



Above:  Chetan Bhagat ( a vehement supporter of homosexuality ) asking Baba Ramdev is he can cure homosexuality . You call a respected man  as a guest and then booby trap him , with the wannabe goragaand audience smirking .

NOW LET ME SHOW SOME PICTURES PAINTED BY MF HUSSAIN , DENIGRATING HINDUS GODS PAINTED THEM IN SEXUAL  ORGIES --


Below: With ANGEL Hussain SAAAB !




IF YOU SUPPORT MF HUSSAIN ,    YOU WILL GET AN INVITE TO CHRISTIAN AND JEWISH WESTERN EMBASSY COCKTAIL DINNERS.  NO ISLAMIC EMBASSY ENTERTAINED THIS MAN .



Above : Shiva Lingam with a snake -- depicted as a GLORY HOLE .   In the public toilets of the West, strangers put their erect dongs through a hole , hoping to get oral sex..  

One angry police officer of USA , whose only son married a gay-- used to go around with a lighted cigar stubbing the glowing end on the "hoping for a suck" penis head --and for many months this perverted thing stopped.   

He was convicted by a GAY judge ! 




Above: The most chaste woman in Hindusim, the wife of Lord Rama , Sita is preening her happily sitting of her abductor Ravana's thigh.   Poor Hanuman , who thinks Sita is a prisoner gets a shock of his life 


Above:   Lord Ganesha is smelling something




Above: Hanuman setting Lanka on fire with a naked Sita holding on for dear life  

   

Above : Ganesha , the son of Shiva, engaged in a lesbian orgy !

        


Above: Hanuman playing peeping tom when Sita is having sexual intercourse with her husband's brother.

     



Above : Lord Ganesha as a door keeper to MF Hussain's painting exhibition . Presstitutes who supported all this got foreign cash awards .
     


Above:  Vishnu's naked wife Lakshmi and Shiva's son doing something .

Below: Jewess Nina Paley showing Lord Rama kicking his pregnant wife Sita.  In the original Valmiki Ramayana , Lord Rama does NOT abandon his wife , NOR does he deliver twins Lav and Kish-- these FAKE episodes are written and back dated by the immoral white invader .
    



     Below: Ugly Jewess Nina Paley --YUCK PTHEEOY !  

Nina Paley won Public Knowledge organization's IP3 award in 2010 "for her work in intellectual property".   

Below:  Sita bearing Ravana's LOVE child.  The main stream media of India praised Nina Paley for her " bold and refreshing" approach to Ramayana .





This is for showing a ten headed son in Sita's womb -- telling that Sita has sex with her abductor Ravana.   Nina Paley was the darling of our Indian media.

 

Below videos :  Denigration of Hindu married women .    They will NEVER dare to do this with a woman wearing a burkha or a woman wearing a cross instead of a Hindu mangalsutra.



Above: A HINDU WOMAN HAVING A QUICKIE IN THE MIDST OF DURGA PUJA.




Above: A HINDU MARRIED WOMAN GIVING ORAL SEX TO HER HUSBAND'S BROTHER




Above: IMMORAL AD SHOWING WHAT SITA IS DOING WITH HER HUSBAND LORD RAM'S BROTHER LAXMAN , WHILE RAM HAS BEEN SENT AWAY BY HER ,  FOR DEER HUNTING




Above:  A JUST MARRIED HINDU WOMAN LUSTING FOR ANOTHER MAN WHILE AWAITING HER HUSBAND IN THE BED ROOM

Below:  When brahmin turned Christian UR Ananthamurty died  -- Narendra Modi played to the gallery, to show the planet that he is a great statesman and praised him.   

UR Ananthamurthy was a man who pissed on a Hindu idol worrshipped by villagers and boasted -- "see Hindu idols cannot strike back".  

Would he dare to do the same thing on a staue of Jesus Christ or Koran or Guru Granth Sabib, to check out if these objects could strike back ?.  

UR Anantha murty was the darling of the western  universities and Indian media.  

This man was on kidney dialysis immediately after pissing on the Hindu idol- and he died of renal failure-- divine retribution.





Below: RSS fought for Indian Independence . My father was in RSS.   India did NOT get freedom  due to the efforts of Gandhi, Nehru and Patel--but due to an event sponsored by RSS.   Kavita Krishnan is given enough time on our Indian TV prime time to support Naxalites.



Hinduism does NOT need evangelists and forcible conversions by sword or deceptive conversions by sops !

Nor do we need to denigrate other religions to shine.





Unlike Hinduism, almost all modern religions like Christianity , Islam etc are absolute.  Members of these religions  see their own religion as the one that is right and will regard all others as wrong. Religious intolerance is due to this perception.


Punch into Google search-


PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA ORDERED BY FRANCIS XAVIER VADAKAYIL

This is the reason why ISIS and ancient Islamic invaders needs to behead and rape dead women. . 



This is the reason why  this planet had to suffer Inquisitions .




Many of the Popes of Vatican were involved in simony, nepotism, torture, murder, sexual promiscuity, or other sins unbefitting anyone claim to spread the word of God.



Below: Teesta Setalvad showing Goddess Kali as ISIS-- goddess Kali is an allegory ..nnd an ISIS terrorist wielding Vishnu's chakra.





SANATANA DHARMA STANDS ALONE AND SHINES  !


TEE HEEEEEE!



Punch into Google search-
RSS, RASHTRIYA SWAYAMSEVAK SANGH, A BRIEF OUTLOOK VADAKAYIL

and

THE INDIAN NAVY MUTINY OF 1946, THE ONLY WAR OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE  VADAKAYIL

Thanks to R stooge Gandhi, who recruited for World Wars we had 2.5 million battle hardened soldiers , ready to aim their guns at the English speaking white invader.   

In WW2 Gandhi had told Indian soldiers to shoot only Germans , NOT the white invader — as a SELECTIVE non-violence measure ! 

Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose told Gandhi and Nehru to FU#K OFF -- he ordered his INA soldiers  to shoot only at the white invader , and support the Germans who had NOT invaded India .

Below:  How many of you know that India became independent by sitting in a line and furiously spinning that charka, thus chaneling our sublime energies ?   TEE HEEEEEEE!




Below: You can see U S Ambassador Timothy J Roemer proving Gandhi was right !  





Hindus  got an  electric  shock when Wikileaks revealed that Rahul Gandhi told  Timothy BHAIYYA that RSS which fought for Indian Independence ( of which my father was a part ) is worse that Islamic terrorist organisation Laskhar-e-Toiba (LeT).  


Nehru atoned and made RSS march in the Republic day parade when he knew he was dying of a secret disease . This man had a conscience  .  

Wikileaks showed how Hindus nay— Indians were being attacked from within. Even they knew the shock value.




Below:  Puran Poli-- nay--  Pratibhatai claimed that she knew that she would become President as her guru Lekhraj Khubchand Kriplani  ( Brahmakumari sect leader who died 38 years before )  told her while communicating with her .  Guru ho to aisa !



Below : Smart guru in 4 piece suit !





Below: Brahmakumaris are sponsored by big brother and they are entrenched in more than 100 countries . Brahmakumaris  advocate that young married women had the right to chose a celibate life. The Brahma Kumaris are supported by R remote controlled United Nations and R controlled UNICEF  and has been allotted  permanent office space in UN building at New York, which only R can wrangle. 




Above: The Brahmakumari Shivani Verma is married and lives in Gurgoan. However the followers must be strictly vegetarian and celibate, no procreation nor even masturbation. They have a DEFAMATION lawyer department who will target any "truth saying " by people who have left their cult.





Queen Bee's Christian coterie member Margaret Alva ( First woman governor of Uttarakhand ) commended the Brahma Kumaris: "The Brahma Kumaris World Spiritual University had influence on changing cultural opinions of women, and its teachings and practise has brought about a significant change in the status of women and the regard that men hold for women.   

This is what they say about themselves “The BKWSU ( Brahma Kumai world spiritual organisation ) is a Non-Governmental Organisation, affiliated to the United Nations, working towards world peace through personal change.”   They believe that all of time exists within one endlessly repeating 5,000 year timeframe — hey, good for a de-population agenda NWO..



After so much of filth, I must now speak in an intelligent manner—

So listen up !

Truth never needs defense,  although it may require explanation.   

But Bunty Sibal ’s cyber laws and IT section 66 does NOT understand this.  

In Indian courts telling the truth is defamation or hate speech.    


If the Shankaracharya  of an original Hindu Mutt, whose job it is to spread the truth about Hinduism, indeed tells the truth about a Muslim man who died 95 years ago being elevated to the rank of Shiva and Vishnu , then he has defamed .  

He has engaged in hate speech. And the crypto Sai Baba devotee judge will punish him .

Does the judge have the cerebral matter to understand the following ? 

Truth is absolute. 

Perceptions of truth are relative. 

Therefore, facts, which are perceptions of truth, are relative. 

Paradoxes is something in which the same information may lead to two contradictory conclusions--give us pleasure and torment at the same time . 

Truth is singular and perceptions plural.

The universe functions perfectly . Our perception of how the universe functions is imperfect. 

All our knowledge is the offspring of our perceptions. 

Attitude can effect perception of the real world and the real world can effect attitude. Perception is hence more like a reflection of reality than reality itself. 

Truth can exist only , only in the present, in this instant, in the here and now. The past and the future are both illusions, and like all illusions, they are devoid of Truth. 

Distinguish truth and reality.

Truth is is real.  

Reality is not known, it is realised, experienced. 

Much of human perception is not based on information flowing into the brain from the outside world , rather on what the brain expects to happen next.-- Kuch aaya oopra ka thalle mein ?

There has to be a base for every thing.   Relativity is the only thing which allows anything to exist.  There has to be a reference point for a phobia . 

Are all afraid  of snakes?  

Are all afraid of shadows ?  

People who do NOT understand this truth usually paint themselves into a corner.

You cant think in black and white. Everything cannot be termed in groups of right and wrong. There are shades of grey.

When dealing with the law you must pinch and remind yourself, that absolutes could rule the day.
"Do you plead guilty or non-guilty", asked the judge.  You will piss him off if you say " I am only a little guilty!"  Like the 12 year old girl telling her mother " Ma, looks like I am a little pregnant!"

Perception determines how a person responds to the world.  This means there is no reality- only perception.

This is why people all over the world get fooled by clever advertisements and branding. However, the more you already know about a topic, the harder it is for anyone to mislead or misinform you. 

You get upset with people as they do NOT conform to your personal rules for the situation.

Perception determines reality but at the same time your "perception" of reality does not mean that it is indeed reality... it is just your reality.

Our memories are not the equivalent of video recordings of events. Instead, memories are our interpretative summaries of the information gathered by your senses. Your beliefs, values and references are what make your reality. 

You may see a situation as being bad while a person who is more optimistic sees it as an opportunity for growth.  Business is all about perceptions.  The essence of leading, managing, marketing and selling is coming to grips with people's perceptions.

We are constantly bombarded with so much sensory information that it is impossible for us to pay attention to everything. 

Our subconscious mind scans our environment and selects what it deems may be important for us to notice.

We need perceptive judges in India who go beyond the court room— if they hold POWER OVER LIFE AND DEATH . .

Our Jury system in India was abolished because R media hijacked justice to save a Parsi Naval Commander who murdered a man.

Punch into Google search-
MEANING OF THE TERM SUB JUDICE  VADAKAYIL

By the way I have penned a NAÏVE SAILOR series—which shows how stupid the sailors are , collective stupidity over several centuries.  

Mind you, this stupidity has caused thousands of death at sea.

Then one day , I told myself— what is the fu#kin’ use— I stopped this expose.

IGNORANCE CAN BE CORRECTED- NOT STUPIDITY !



Even a layman can understand these posts .

Punch into Google search-
NAIVE SAILOR VADAKAYIL

You will see several such posts – read them !




Pranav SinghSeptember 21, 2014 at 6:43 AM
Stonehenge in Manipur - This is shocking
ReplyDelete

Replies









Capt. Ajit VadakayilSeptember 21, 2014 at 7:55 AM
hi ps,

That Stonehenge is at Willong Khullen Nagaland, where the tallest stones are nearly 8 meters tall and more than meter thick-- which dwarfs the British Stonehenge.

Most of the ancient Indian Stonehenges have been deliberately destroyed by the white invader—so that they can claim the British Salibury Stonehenge for themselves .

After all it is their own APNAICH WONDER , right? Every Stonehenge on this planet has been made by ancient Indians.

Punch into Google search-
STONEHENGE ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
Reply

 
Pranav SinghSeptember 21, 2014 at 6:44 AM
http://t.co/ylCISTeVUL

Harshil Shah
September 21, 2014 at 9:06 AM
Pranam Guruji,

Indeed, i read the above post and its exactly same. Sir, however one question - usually we offer water on shiva lingam (due to reasons explained in one of your earlier post), then at vatican and kabba, are they still continuing the same practice covertly ?... What happens if this is not continued or are there any other alternatives (may be a silly question).. I am still learning...
XXXXXXXXXXXXXX
Pranam.

Harshil Shah

Delete
###################################



Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
September 21, 2014 at 9:57 AM
hi hs,

You will find millions of funda on the internet and Hindu literature – even by learned gurus like Vivekananda and hundreds of shankaracharyas..

ALL BULLSHIT.

NOBODY HAS UNDERSTOOD HINDUISM SINCE ADI SHANKARACHARYA OF 2000 BC—and few German Quantum physicists ( who all converted to Hinduism and got cremated. .)

Shiva Lingam contains the soul-seed ( DNA ) within which lies the essence of the entire cosmos.

Water holds memory.

Copper kalasha drips water right on top of the shiva lingam and this water bathes the lingam uniformly. In ancient days this water used to be LIVING ganges water.

The base has a run off for water – and this water is holy theertham . The white man called the Lingam as Shiva’s erect phallus and the run off base for water as YONI( vagina – note the extreme sarcasm ).

ALL LIFE ON THIS PLANET EARTH CAME FROM SHIVA LINGAM – A BLACK METRORITE STONE . WHEREVER WE FOUND SUCH A STONE, THE HINDUS MADE A TEMPLE OVER IT .

I have been telling this in my posts .

One day, three years ago NASA agreed with capt ajit vadakayil.

Punch into Google search-
NASA DNA

You will find it on page one item one among 8 million posts—even ahead of NASA’s post on this subject .

If you cant see it by some quirk, enter-- NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL.

Theertham water holds memory .

The computers of the future ( maybe 200 years in future ) will NOT contain silicon chips.

They will hold water . 

In another 400 years I predict computers will be conscious and they can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story narrated to it .

Punch into Google search-
WATER VALLEY VADAKAYIL .

MILLIONS OF HINDUS WERE MADE SELF LOATHING BY THE STORY OF SHIVA’S PRICK DRIPPING SEMEN ALL AROUND THE PLACE , RIGHT?

We had INDOPHILE white men and women ( like Wendy Doniger ) interpreting Hindusim for us , right?—all wolves in sheep’s clothing !

TIME FOR THESE IMMORAL WHITE MEN TO EAT HUMBLE FU#KIN’ PIE !

IT IS THE INTERNET AGE—

IT IS PAYBACK TIME !

Capt ajit vadakayil
..

FOUR DECADES AGO DURING A SHIPBOARD PARTY ON AUGUST 15TH NIGHT, I DECLARED THAT INDIA WILL BE THIS PLANET'S NO 1 SUPERPOWER ( AGAIN ) IN 50 YEARS  .  

( the entire lounge went into peals of laughter .  Someone asked me who will be No 2 and 3.   I said China and Brazil.  Then all erupted into another higher decibel of laughter.  I was nick named MR INDIA.)

WE LOST ONE FULL DECADE UNDER THE RULE OF THE WAITRESS . 

WE ARE ON COURSE TO BE NO 1 SUPER POWER , OVER TAKING USA IN ANOTHER 20 YEARS . 

THEY KNOW IT TOO .  

WATCH HOW THE GORAS WOO NARENDRA MODI IN THE NEXT 3 DAYS  .
*********************************************************************
INDIA CONQUERS MARS PLANET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THANKS TO ISRO SCIENTISTS , WE INDIANS FEEL PROUD AGAIN ,  AFTER 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY AND BEING LOOKED DOWN UPON   - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




India scripted history today with the success of its Mars mission.  The Mangalyaan entered the Mars orbit, making India the first country in the world to make it to Mars in the first attempt.    

We all watched the scene unfold on TV , where Mangalyaan moved a step closer to home after the dormant main engine on the spacecraft was test-fired flawlessly.

ISRO brimming with confidence , gave one final nudge to put it in orbit around Mars that saw it make space history.  



Mars resembles our earth in various ways especially with regards to time of rotation and to the tilt in axis.




Below: Mangal God.



Lord Vishnu in his Varaha Avatar lifted the earth and brought it out and placed it in a suitable orbit with fine tuning adjustments for precession , axis tilt and the magic constant of 108.




Punch into Google search-
VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , FIXING THE PLANET AT RUDRAKSHA MALA CONSTANT OF 108 , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES  VADAKAYIL


Mother earth was grateful and asked for a feminine boon. “O God give me a child of yours!”  /To which God agreed.   Mangal ( Mars ) is the result of this godly union with the rescued Earth.




PM Narendra Modi wore a Angaraka  ( Rakta varna ) coloured jacket today.   




Apt for the occasion.



Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . 

You must understand that these diameters were calculated accurately more than 6 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different.  



The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781—they ridiculed --  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .   



Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus (Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama) Pluto ( Teevra )- as named in 7000 year old Vedas by Vyasa Muni , just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they stay in one single rashi for too long.



For travel to outer planets, like Mars, the periapsis (closest point in the orbit) must coincide with Earth’s orbit, while apoapsis must coincide with Mar’s orbit.  The Mars Orbiter Mission (MOM) by the Indian Space Research Organization used this Hohmann transfer orbit as its trajectory to reach Mars.  


Since the satellite is in heliocentric trajectory, the fuel is not used in this travel.  Fuel is used only to enter the Hohmann transfer orbit from earth and to exit the transfer orbit to enter  martian orbit.  This transfer orbit is thus highly fuel efficient compensating its long travel time.



A Hohmann transfer orbit is an elliptical one, where the periapsis is at Earth's distance from the Sun and the apoapsis is at Mars' distance from the Sun.  The transfer orbit has to be timed so that when the spacecraft departs Earth, it will arrive at its orbit apoapsis when Mars is at the same position in its orbit.  Earth and Mars align properly for a Hohmann transfer once every 26 months.



Our four-stage Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle (PSLV) could deliver Mars Orbiter Mission (with a mass of 1340 kilograms, fully fueled) to Earth orbit, without any heavy, powerful upper stage like Centaur of US..



Our Mars Orbiter Mission got to Mars using its much smaller Liquid Apogee Motor (LAM) and small amount of fuel –unlike the US Maven ( NASA ).



Methane (CH4) is an organic molecule present in gaseous form in the Earth's atmosphere. More than 90% of methane on our home planet is produced by living organisms.

After almost a year of searching, NASA's Curiosity rover has turned up no traces of the four-pronged hydrocarbon known as methane.  However India expects to find methane on mars—a  methane sensor will look for sources of the gas.

Methane has a chemical lifetime of about 300-600 years, which is very short on geological time scales. This implies that the methane that is observed today cannot have been produced 4.5 billion years ago, when the planets formed.  So, it is possible that methanogenes, existing deep under the surface of Mars.

Below: 6 years ago , India  "impact probed" her flag on the moon 




Using data collected by India’s Chandrayaan mission, NASA had detected magmatic water locked under the surface of the Moon, for the first time .




Before India, various countries have launched Mars missions, but out of the 51 attempts, only 21 were successful.    India now joins the Martian club that comprises the US, Russia and the European Space Agency

Characteristic
VENUS
EARTH
MARS
Observations
Views	a picture of Venus
from
space	a picture of Earth from space	a picture of Mars from space	
Diameter (km)	12,104	12,756	6,787	Mars is smaller than Earth.
Escape velocity (m/sec)	10,400	11,200	5,000	It is easier to leave Mars because there is less gravity.
Average distance from Sun (AU)	0.723	1	1.524	Mars is our nearest planetary neighbor. We can use the ratio of orbital radii to predict the ratio of orbit duration.
Rotation period (length of day in Earth hours)	-5,832 (sidereal rotation)	23.93	24.62	Earth and Mars are surprisingly similar!
Revolution period (length of year in Earth years)	0.62	1	1.88	Can you see why the gap between missions to Mars is about 25 months? Launch opportunities occur when the distance that the spacecraft must travel between planets is small.
Atmospheric components	96% carbon dioxide, 3% nitrogen, 0.003% water vapor	78% nitrogen, 21% oxygen, 1% argon	95% carbon dioxide, 3% nitrogen, 1.6% argon	Propulsion system cannot use oxygen from the atmosphere at Mars.
Atmospheric Density (kg/m^3)	65 kg/m3	1.2256	0.0155	There is much less gas available at Mars for the wing to generate lift and for the propeller to produce thrust. The density at Venus is extreme. Structural requirements for a plane would be difficult to achieve. Buoyancy is a possible solution for Venus.
Gravity (m/s^2)	8.87	9.8	3.0	An airplane on Mars only needs to generate 40% of the lift that would be required on Earth
Temperature (degrees C)	462� C	~25	~50-30	Low temperature can affect structure instruments and batteries.
Dust	Trace	Varies from trace to significant	Significant	Instruments may need additional protection.
Wind	Slow	Mild to gale force (predictable)	Strong	Affects controllability
Flight Speed	Very Slow	Low	High	Transonic problems limit flight Speed at Mars
Reynolds Number	10,000,000	10,000,000	50,000	Low Reynolds Number at Mars makes flow very sensitive to wing shape

In less than a year , India will be the sixth nation on this planet to have her own GPS system.

On April 4 2014, we launched  the second navigation satellite which will provide an indigenous alternative to the United States’ Global Positioning System (GPS) by 2015. 

Once the seven satellite IRNSS program becomes fully operational by 2016, it will not only positively impact the lives of common Indians but will also be a strategic game-changer with its immense defense, security and counter-terrorism applications. IRNSS satellites would revolve round the earth at the height of about 36,000 kilometers from the earth's surface.  

It will have a highly accurate Rubidium atomic clock is part of the navigation payload of the satellite.

The IRNSS would provide two services, with the Standard Positioning Service open for civilian use and the Restricted Service, encrypted one, for authorised users (military).




India won’t have to look up to foreign countries in times of external threats as was the case during the Kargil War of 1999. 

Below: We Indians want our desi GPS to cover the whole planet, NOT just India, to please jealous NATO -- as the waitress wanted to do ..



When India noticed the Pakistani troops’ deep incursions in Kargil , India asked for American help and sought GPS data of the region to get the big picture of the threat.  However, the Americans refused to cooperate.   

I do hope Zionist lover Narendra Modi remembers this .  



USA has NEVER been a reliable partner.  They yanks have always USED  India , unlike Russia.

I would like every Indian to read the post below:--

It is good to know TRUE history !

Today even Wikipedia accepts my numbers.

When I exhumed this truth , even the descendants of these Indian slaves did NOT know who they were .

Punch into Google search-

THE INDENTURED COOLIE, SLAVERY REINVENTED VADAKAYIL  .

Disgraced ISRO scientist S Nambinarayanan’s son-in-law S Arunan ( project director ) was one of the main forces behind the success of this Mars mission.

Below:  Our cryogenic liquid rocket engine pioneer S Nambinarayanan  was arrested for sedition / espionage  and jailed --setting back our technology by more than a decade -- booby trapped by foreign agencies. The BENAMI Indian media was involved in this conspiracy.



Punch into Google search-

ISRO SPY CASE , S NAMBINARAYANAN, INFILTRATION OF SECURITY AGENCIES BY DOUBLE AGENTS VADAKAYIL



When the Chairman of ISRO, K Radhakrishnan prayed at a famous temple and did puja just before the launch of the MOM mission to Mars from Sriharikota , the atheists, rationalists , Communists  and Christian evangelists attacked him.



Narendra Nayak, President of Federation of Indian Rationalist Associations (FIRA), said in a statement, "We strongly condemn the attitude of the Chairman of ISRO K Radhakrishnan who has insulted the Constitution of India by placing the replica of the satellite meant for the Mars mission at the feet of a deity at Tirupati. He is unfit to occupy the position of the head of the space mission and should be immediately sacked.  Radhakrishnan’s  actions are also in violation of Article 51AH of the Indian constitution which states that it is the duty of every citizen of the country to develop scientific temper and the spirit of inquiry and humanism “

Below: CHE CHE sitting on the floor in lungi ? and praying to a PAGAN god ?



SECULAR  Narendra Nayak also said that worshipping a particular deity in matters of state is not just against the constitutional but against the spirit of our secular country.  He pondered in writing “ How can a person like him in a responsible position in a government organisation be foolish enough to believe that prayers to particular god can ensure the proper launch of a satellite”

Former ISRO chief G Madhavan Nair had also sought divine blessings before successful Chandrayaan mission. They never informed the BENAMI presstituted media.

Below: CHE CHE--how can you worship an elephant ?--must be a savage, right ?



Hey, but when the President of USA plays to the gallery and prays in a church before ordering air strike on Iraq , then it is such a WOW WOW thing ! He is such a lover of humanity and human values. 

Below: The initial days of struggle in ISRO without funds 


Below: Never under value human spirit and enterprise .Ex-President APJ Abdul Kalam on our left, in banyan .   However after Kalam supported interlinking of Indian rivers I have lost respect for him.





Below : Pioneers-- India could NOT protect this valuable duo --both were murdered by foreign agencies taking covert support from Indian desh drohis ..



Punch into Google search-

 HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH  VADAKAYIL



India will soon develop SURYA Nuclear ICBMs which can target any corner of this planet,  of range greater than 18000 kilometers.. unmatched , faster and better than the US, Russian and Chinese variants . 

Below: The west is comforting themselves that AGNI 6 has a small range .



 Even Wikipedia knows that AGNI 6 can go to 12000 kilometers.



Yes, the snake charmer  says--  IT IS BACK PAY BACK TIME

Below: The west were afraid that VK Krishna Menon would take over as PM from Nehru -- they sabotaged him.  TIME magazine ridicules him as a snake charmer .



SUBJECT : Two top DRDO scientists awarded jail term by Madras high court for contempt of court .
##################

THE DRDO SCIENTISTS ARE MORE VALUABLE TO BHARATMATA THAN THESE TWO UPPITY JUDGES   .

"The pink of perfection really blossoms in acceptance." -- SHOWS WHAT THESE JUDGES ARE WORTH !
  
"CONTEMPT OF COURT" MUST BE ABOLISHED   .

WHO ARE THESE TWO JUDGES ? -- LAWYERS WHO COULD NOT MAKE ENOUGH MONEY LIKE RAM JETHMALANI .

AS EX-LAWYERS WE KNOW HOW PINK THESE MELORDS ARE !!

KARUNANIDHI EVEN HAD HIS PINK  DALIT JUDGE ASHOK KUMAR !!

In USA contempt of court , long ago fell foul of the 1st Amendment and is dismissed as ‘ English foolishness’—it was contempt against a ROTHSCHILD APPOINTED JUDGE actually .

In UK there is NO contempt of court since since the 1930s--and was formally abolished a year ago .,

OF THE FOUR PILLARS OF INDIAN DEMOCRACY, THE JUDICIAL PILLAR IS THE MOST DEFUNCT AND USELESS . THEY ARE SO SLOW, CASES TAKE 30 YEARS TO DISPOSE AND YET THEY WANT TO SERMON DAILY ?

The power to punish for contempt was necessary to “secure public respect and confidence in the judicial process”--but in India WE THE PEOPLE who are supreme , do NOT have the respect anymore   .

ARE THE JUDGES GOD -- AS PER INDIAN CONSTITUTION ?

WE INDIANS DARE THESE  JUDGES TO PUT ISRO CHAIRMAN RADHAKRISHNAN IN JAIL FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT   !    

WE KNOW WHAT THE VESTED INDIAN JUDICIARY AND BENAMI MEDIA , DID TO S NAMBINARAYANAN SCUTTLING OUR CRYOGENIC LIQUID  ROCKET ENGINE , FOR MORE THAN A DECADE    .

Punch into Google search   -

ISRO SPY CASE , S NAMBINARAYANAN, INFILTRATION OF SECURITY AGENCIES BY DOUBLE AGENTS VADAKAYIL   .

and

HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH  VADAKAYIL   .

capt ajit vadakayil

..






Nirbhay is India’s long range, subsonic cruise missile. It has  stealth and very high accuracy. The missile has a range of more than 1000 km –how much more it is a secret . It weighs about one tonne and has a length of 6 metres.  It carries a ring laser gyroscope for high-accuracy navigation and a radio altimeter for the height determination. It is capable of being launched from multiple platforms on land, sea and air .It is adapted for the Indo/Russian Su-30MKI. The missile is capable of carrying nuclear warheads.





Nirbhay is able to pick out a target and attack it among multiple targets. The missile has a loitering capability, i.e., it can go round a target and perform several manoeuvres and then re-engage it. With two side wings, the missile is capable of flying at different altitudes ranging from 500 m to 4 km above the ground and can also fly at low altitudes to avoid detection by enemy radar. 


      
 It is capable of delivering 24 different types of warheads depending on mission requirements and uses an inertial navigation system for guidance.  The missile supplements Brahmos by delivering warheads farther than the 290 km range of high speed Brahmos.

Below: Slimy Mani when Modi was giving the speech ! 
( translation : Oh my atheist god -- How can I bear this ! )

 

 




TIME TO HAVE A CHILLED BEER !
*********************************************************************
NAVRATRI FESTIVAL , DURGA PUJA , - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SHAKTI PUJA, VIJAYADASHMI , AYUDHA PUJA,  DUSSEHRA , MOOKAMBIKA TEMPLE KOLLUR,  MAHISHASURA OR MOOKASURA-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 





Navratri is all about Goddess SHAKTI destroying cosmic forces of disharmony .

Goddess Shakti ( in Durga form ) is Ashtak or eight armed .

How many of you know that AZTEC of Mexico is derived from Goddess Shakti?

Have you ever seen the  Ashtabhuja,, the eight armed Goddess ( below )  -    found in Mexican temples ? 



Nowhere in the word are multi-armed idols found, except in India. This is a Hindu concept .

Punch into Google search-
MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL


Maya Danava was the ancient God of the Americas –and he was an ASURA ( not a DEVA ) 




oṃ || jātave’dase sunavāma soma’ marātīyato nida’hāti veda’ḥ |
sa na’ḥ par-ṣadati’ durgāṇi viśvā’ nāveva sindhu’ṃ duritā﻿‌உtyagniḥ ||

tāmagniva’rṇāṃ tapa’sā jvalantīṃ vai’rocanīṃ ka’rmaphaleṣu juṣṭā”m |
durgāṃ devīgṃ śara’ṇamahaṃ prapa’dye sutara’si tarase’ nama’ḥ ||

agne tvaṃ pā’rayā navyo’ asmānth-svastibhirati’ durgāṇi viśvā” |
pūśca’ pṛthvī ba’hulā na’ urvī bhavā’ tokāya tana’yāya śaṃyoḥ ||

viśvā’ni no durgahā’ jātavedaḥ sindhunna nāvā du’ritā﻿‌உti’par-ṣi |
agne’ atrivanmana’sā gṛṇāno”﻿‌உsmāka’ṃ bodhyavitā tanūnā”m ||

pṛtanā jitagṃ saha’mānamugramagnigṃ hu’vema paramāth-sadhasthā”t |
sa na’ḥ par-ṣadati’ durgāṇi viśvā kṣāma’ddevo ati’ duritā﻿‌உtyagniḥ ||

pratnoṣi’ kamīḍyo’ adhvareṣu’ sanācca hotā navya’śca satsi’ |
svāñcā”﻿‌உgne tanuva’ṃ pipraya’svāsmabhya’ṃ ca saubha’gamāya’jasva ||

gobhirjuṣṭa’mayujo niṣi’ktaṃ tave”ndra viṣṇoranusañca’rema |
nāka’sya pṛṣṭhamabhi saṃvasā’no vaiṣṇa’vīṃ loka iha mā’dayantām ||

oṃ kātyāyanāya’ vidmahe’ kanyakumāri’ dhīmahi | tanno’ durgiḥ pracodayā”t ||

oṃ śāntiḥ śāntiḥ śānti’ḥ ||

Verse I:

We shall press out the Soma Juice to Jatavedas (Deva Agni).  May the all-knowing annihilate our enemies.  May Agni protect us against all obstacles and evils and take us across them like a boatman who takes people across the river in a boat.

Verse II:

I take refuge in that Goddess Durga who is of the color of Fire, who blazes with her tapas (spiritual fire), who is the consort of Virochana (the Supreme Being) and who is the bestower of the fruit of actions. Obeisance to Thee who art skilled in ferrying people across the river of the World. Be pleased to ferry us across.

Verse III:

O Agni, who art worth of Praise, take us across all obstacles by ways that are safe. May our town and our lands expand. Make our children happy.

Verse IV:

Thou Jatavedas, who art the remover of obstacles, take us beyond all evil like the boatman who ferries the people across the river. O Agni, may you be a careful protector of our bodies like Atri who is always concerned with the welfare of all beings.

Verse V:

Let us invoke, from the highest places, Agni the vanquisher of enemy hosts, who is powerful and invincible. May that Agni protect us against all obstacles and evils.

Verse VI:

O Agni, praised in sacrifices, thou increasest bliss. Thou art the ancient and the new invoker at sacrifices. O Agni, make Thyself happy and grant us prosperity.

Verse VII:

O Indra, all-pervading! We shall follow thee blessed with cattle and unbroken happiness. May those who live on the heights of heaven bring here the world of Vishnu.

Verse VIII:

We shall try to know Katyayani, we shall engage in contemplation on Kanyakumari may Durga be pleased to guide us.

OM! Shanti: Shanti: Shanti:



Goddess Shakti ( Durga  )is the mother of the universe and is the KINETIC power behind the work of creation, preservation, and destruction of the world.    

Since time immemorial she has been worshipped as the supreme power of the Supreme Being and has been mentioned in our Vedas of 5000 BC .

The Goddess Durga form of Shakti is depicted as having eight hands.  These represent eight Vaastu quadrants  in Hinduism .

Goddess Durga is depicted as a fierce warrior woman with eight hands carrying weapons of different kinds assuming mudras, (symbolic hand gestures) that represent her . Shakti is a force and Durga is thus personalized form of a cosmic allegory.

• Chakra in her 1st upper right hand –  is a scalar energy interferometry vortex,  used by Lord Krishna in Mahabharata to create a severe temperature inversion and cause the sun to go below the horizon form Arjun to kill Jatadrata..

• Conch in her first upper left hand —represents OM 7.83 hertz ,  the frequency of this planet , and the Golden mean of 1.618 ..

• Sword in her second right lower hand – to decapitate evil ( forces causing cosmic disharmony ).

• Bow and arrow in her second left lower hand – Scalar thunderbolt

• Lotus Flower in her third lower left hand –  Power granted to her by Brahma .

• Club in her third right lower hand –Power granted to her by Vishnu – the mace gadha

• Trident/Trishul in her fourth left lower hand –  power granted to her Shiva (Tamas/ Sattwa / Rajas ).

• Fourth Lower Right Hand symbolizes – Scalar field Healing.




Purusha ( Brahman / morphogenetic consciousness field  ) is static .   Shakti ( Pragati ) is the dynamic side of Brahman.  

Durga is the destroyer form of Shakti.   Durga is a form of Parvati, the wife of Lord Shiva, the destroyer God.   




Durga killed Mahishasura after 9 days of  intense battle, triggering off the Navratri celebrations.

In each cycle of creation, Purusha ( Brahman) enters into Prakriti ( Shakti ) and this union unfolds as the cosmos.   In the pralaya or dissolution at the end of the cosmic cycle or Kalpa,    all creation withdraws into the now formless Prakriti.    

Prakriti expresses Herself through the three gunas ( tamas/ sattva / rajas--  - creator/ preserver / destroyer ) , the threads or qualities of all creation. Unlike Prakriti, the Purusha is only a Drashta or Sakshi (witness) of events in this universe. It merely plays the role of a spectator and does not create anything.  

This aspect could be compared to a prism, which emits myriad colors only when light is passed through it.  Purusha is always unchanging in nature and hence, it is Achala or static.  Prakriti, on the contrary, constantly creates changes in this universe, hence is the dynamic one.  

Shiva and Shakti are the basics of the entire Tantra philosophy.   It is NOT perverted sex as the immoral white historian wrote over brandy and cigars.

In essence Shiva and Shakti are undifferentiated unity.  In Tantra, consciousness is called Shiva, and manifestation, which is energy /power, is called Shakti.   Prakriti ( Shakti ) cannot be perceived, not because of its non-existence, but because of its subtlety.  It is perceived in its effects.    

When the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves.  



Not only is Shakti responsible for creation, it is also the agent of all change It is a tantric symbol symbolizing two triangles representing Shakti from below merging into Shiva . 

This symbol ( six point star formed by two enmeshed triangles ) was used by the disgraced Kerala Namboodiris who founded Judaism. 



Shakti awakens, goes up Sushumna nadi and unites with Shiva in Sahasrara chakra. Shiva represents the higher cosmic consciousness and Shakti represents evolution of energy. Kundalini yoga is based on this concept. 

This image represents a transgendered entity, which depicts how the female principle of Goddess Shakti is inseparable from the male principle of Lord Shiva. Both the Shaktas (devotees of Shakti) and the Shaivas (devotees of Shiva) of the Tantra school of thought believe in the Divine Unity of Shakti with Shiva as the Ultimate Truth..

The Ardha-Nari, which literally means, "half-woman", is the Soul of the tiny atom to the vast cosmos.  All creation starts from Him.  





Life is created from Him and death is considered as a return back to His Kingdom, only to emerge yet again clothed in another body.  Hence, there is no perishing of any creature - it is all only a part of a much larger process of the cycle of life itself.  

Though Shakti is not co-existent with Purusha, ( Shiva ), she requires his presence to keep the cosmos functioning smoothly.   Shiva ( Purusha/ brahmAn ) , though he wields unlimited power, he cannot create the universe without the Eternal Life Force of Shakti to back him.  

The concept of Ardhanarishvara clearly brings out the fact that Prakriti (Shakti) and Purusha (Shiva) are nothing without each other and one cannot exist and function in the absence of the other.

Tantras are the ancient scriptures, which were meant to spread the light of knowledge of our True Self and bring humanity out of ignorance.   They trace their origin from the Vedas and the Upanishads, and in fact do not deviate from the teachings contained in them.



Like Vedanta, Tantra has its own followers in the true spirit of inquiry and realization of the cosmic unity and power of the Self.  

Unfortunately, Tantras were tainted with such practices as 'erotic mysticism' and 'black magic'..by the white invader eager to convert Hindus to Christianity—using their FAKE Mutts and Indian stooges, like Raja Ram Mohan Roy.


I have been to the exact spot where Durga killed Mahishasura ( Mookasura ) as revealed by Adi Shankaracharya .

Punch into Google search-
KUDAJADRI MOUNTAIN ADI SHANKARACHARYA 2000 BC  VADAKAYIL


At the base of Kudajadri mountain lies Maranakatte ( Moolasthana ) ,  where Durga (Devi ) had killed the demon Mookasura, and you can see the 35 feet handle end of the metal trident spear sticking out.  



Indian scientists from NITK, Suratkal conducted a test on this spear  and found that it was made from traditional Indian metallurgical skills.  Nobody knows the composition of the alloy yet as the spear has NOT rusted despite being more than 4000 years old.

Before Durga fought demon Mahishasura , she was empowered by the Hindu god trinity of Brahma, Shiva and Vishnu.  She battled for nine days  and on the tenth day vanquished the evil demon.

Mookambika  temple consecrated by Adi Shankaracharya 4000 years ago,  is my wife’s favourite temple as she says it emits powerful vibes .  He also installed the Sri Yantra there.




Punch into Google search-

SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING VADAKAYIL



Mookambika Devi is unique among the Hindu gods and goddesses as she embodies the powers of Laksmi ( wife of Vishnu) Saraswati ( wife of Brahma ) and Parvati ( wife of Shiva ) merged into one as Adiparashakthi.



Here is the lore-

Long ago , the mighty Asura king Mahishasura was granted the boon of immortality by Shiva, through extreme tapasya ( penance ) . Shiva was so pleased with Mahishasura’s devotion, that he blessed him with eternal life, declaring that no man, beast, demon or deity would ever be able to kill him.  

Mahishasura, having received Shiva’s boon, now considered himself invincible and started a reign of terror and conquest of the three lokas.   Slaying and killing mercilessly, he and his army of demons soon conquered earth, and set their eyes upon Devaloka, the abode of the Devas.   




Mahishasura attacked the Gods, and in a ferocious battle seized Devaloka, driving out Indra and the Devas.  He grabed the throne of Indra and declared himself to be the new ruler.

Below: Dane Quantum Scientist and Nobel Prize winner,  Neils Bohr converted to Hinduism and was cremated .





The Devas hurried to seek the aid of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva, who were not pleased to hear of Mahishasura’s deeds. The stories of Mahishasura’s violent conquest enraged the three to such a degree that a light of anger sprang out of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. The display of anger from the three sent out a light, which illuminated the three worlds and combined to take the beautiful form of the Goddess Durga.   



Mahishasura in his arrogance had not considered that a woman could be of any threat, but Shiva, having given Mahishasura his boon, knew that he was only protected against animals, men and Gods, and that a woman, a Devi, with the boons and powers of the three would be able to slay the demon and restore balance and prosperity to the worlds.



When Mahishasura saw Durga on the battlefield, he fell in love instantly, enthralled by her beauty, he proposed to marry her. Durga agreed, but on one condition, Mahishasura would have to defeat her in battle.



Then began a fierce battle between the two and their armies of Devas and Asuras, the fighting continued for nine days and nights with much gore and destruction.   Finally on the tenth day, Durga had the upper hand and Mahishasura, desperately trying to avoid defeat, transformed into a wild buffalo. 


Durga pinned him to the ground with her left leg, Mahishasura shape shifted back to his human form and leapt up.  Durga pierced his chest with her trishul and swiftly beheaded Mahishasura with her sword, liberating both man and Gods of the terrible demon and restoring peace and balance to the worlds.



Thus Durga was given the name Mahishasura Mardini, the slayer of Mahishasura. 




The nine nights have come to be known as Navratri, while the tenth day is called Vijayadashmi, the day that brought the triumph of good over evil.




Below: NINE MONTHS IN MOTHERs WOMB -- ON A MICRO SCALE !




People who want to know the relationship between the golden mean of 1.618 and the Shankh ( held by Durga ) blown on Navratri nights and Durga puja in Hindu temples—





Punch into Google search-
SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN VADAKAYIL





Scalar waves and sound waves are LONGITUDINAL.  Rest are all transverse.  

Spirals which follow the Golden mean ( 1.618 ) and Fibonacci series can create scalar waves.  If your local temple does NOT have a conch ( shankh ) it is NOT a temple at all. In my puja room we have 3 large shanks.




Below: Sri Yantra is constructed from the Golden mean of 1.618 





 

The foreign funded Indian media are tripping over each other to remind the Hindu women that they should NOT fast for their husbands unless the husbands reciprocate by fasting too on Karva Chauth. 

Same is happening for Navratri too.  

As per the BENAMI owned Indian media , who employs foreign funded presstitutes ,  a liberated Indian woman is the one who will wear private parts PEEK A BOO  revealing clothes , go and have sex with strangers on the street  as soon as her husband goes to office.  It did NOT work, so now they have started praising porn stars every day .

Below:  Nowadays if you go to Indian gyms you find EMPOWERED young women in skin tights showing off their camel toes .  How many of you think that judges will find any flaw on this woman ?



The whole world is jealous that the Indian rate of divorce is the smallest on the planet.    There is NO word for divorce in the ancient Sanskrit dictionary.  For Hindu marriages are made in heaven and they lasted a life time. The reason is we have traditional festivals where the women are grateful to their men folk and vice versa .

The foreign funded Indian TV stations have got the usual moth eaten female faces to EMPOWER young Hindu girls.    To find out who the DESH DROHIS are make a list of the celebrities who come on TV prime time human rights debates ( leave out the political party spokespersons ) and 90% of this list are remote controlled by the NEW WORLD ORDER .   

We know who they are— it is our job to make sure these people land up in the dustbin of Indian history.

So the Western white men are tripping over each other to save Hinduism, Hindu marriages and the Hindu woman.

How little they know of our Indian culture !  

What do they know of the mindset of a Hindu woman—a Bharatiya naari ?  

In India our souls are united with marriage.  No Indian woman will go for silicon implants  to save her marriage.

When I put a post on Karva Chauth I was attacked by dozens of wannabe goragaand Chutney Marys for saying that for 3 decades I have always got my morning tea within 3 minutes of getting up from bed. I even came on the headlines of a National newspaper .

Let me shock them a WEE bit more—

This tea extends to the noon siesta too. 

Sometimes I wake up in the WEE hours of the morning and I sit at my laptop.  On the ship a Captain sleeps when he feels sleepy and gets up when he is awake.  

Say, today I suddenly got up at 3.15 AM.   As soon as my wife came to know that I was awake ( at around 4 AM ) , she got up,  made tea for me and went back to sleep .  Then we went for our morning walk at 7 AM.

BURN PICKLE JOHNS BURN   –  BURN CHUTNEY MARYS BURN !

I shall make you burn more later !

Below: The AXIS bank face Deepika Padukone feels that prostitution to make money is OK-- and she has the whole BENAMI media praising her for having such a GOLDEN HEART -- 

SNIFF !



These wannabe gora gaands will never understand why Hindu mothers even sacrifice for their small babies.  These selfish “ape the west”  Chutney Marys will keep their small babies in another room at night .  

So the moment Pickle Johns husbands go for work , their Chutney Mary wives are busy screwing around—  naukar bhi chalega ! When they see hunks on the street they mentally copulate with them.

Hindus believe that during Navratri festival  Mother Goddess Shakti  descends into the Earth plane for nine consecutive night with all attributes of the wives of the Trinity -- Brahma / Vishnu / Shiva  -- Saraswati ( learning ) / Lakshmi ( wealth ) / Parvati ( energy ).  



Navratri begins on the new moon day of Ashvina month in Hindu calendar.   On the first 3 nights Shakti is worshipped as Durga ( Parvati ) , the next 3 nights as Lakshmi and the last 3 nights as Saraswati.    

Below: Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth )



Hindu women fast during the nine days of Navratri.   There is NO hard and fast rule for fasting.   People  change from non-vegetarian to vegetarian diet .   Navratri Vrat is about accepting some rigid self discipline and sticking to it.   

Married couple abstain from sex.    People when they want to even TURN OVER A NEW LEAF , do a vrat as a ritual. It is a thousand times more stronger than a bullshit new year resolution.     

This is always a goal in mind. It is about harnessing your meandering mind , which aids self focus to awaken your dormant powers within.  




Gratitude , non-violence, love, truth , unselfishness, sacrifice, grace, honesty form the warp and weft of this vrat fabric.  Optimism , courage , perseverance , contemplation and fortitude form the fibre. 

There are no cheaters.  Nobody monitors, as it is about your own mind cleansing.  Hindus abstain from alcohol, cigarettes, foul language and  lack of discipline. 

Men do NOT shave or cut their hair, to remind them of their vrat and their determination  keep away from worldly objects of pleasure, and NOT to hurt the feelings of others. 

People visit the temple on all 9 days.



Below: Check out the immoral attack on Hinduism --  it is in the middle of Durga Puja -- an EMPOWERED married Hindu woman and a stranger. 




Vrat is NOT mere abstaining from  food .    Vrat helps you to prepare the mind for meditation and contemplation--rather observing yourself inwards.

As a kid, Ayudha Puja was my favourite festival--and ditto for every single child of Kerala.   From the evening of Ashtami , the eight day till the morning of the Vijaya Dashami tenth day, we are forbidden from touching our books.   One token book would be sent to the the local temple and the rest stacked up in the puja room of the house.

Every body including adults cannot touch their tools on the 9th day ( Maha navami ) Ayudha puja

It is kept for worship on the altar of the divine. If one can make a conscious effort to see the Divine in the tools and objects one uses each day, it will help one to see one's work as an offering to God.

This means on the 10th day there will be no newspaper in the morning. The diety is Saraswati, the Goddess of learning.

The 10th auspicious day is called Vijaya Dashimi. On the morning after a bath, the books or tools have to be taken out and used. Both my children at the age of three was initiated into the world of letters on this day morning--after the nine days if Navratri.

The children of 3 or 5 are taken to the temple ( or done in the house ) for the Vidyarambham ceremony, as a unique annual ritual.  For this learning initiation the child is made to sit on the lap of the parents or grandparents in front of the picture or statue of Goddess Saraswati.

The mantra "Om Hari Shree Ganapathaye Namah"(ഓം ഹരി ശ്രീ ഗണപതയേ നമഃ) is written on the tongue of the child with a gold ring dipped in honey and vayampu.




Then the child is made to write the same thing in rice on a flat platter made of bell metal, with the right index finger ,uttering each syllable as it is written--prompted by the elder hand.

Most of the kindergarden schools start on Vijaya Dashami day in Kerala.

On the 8th , 9th and 10th days thousands throng in Kerala temples.

Let me visualise what all my wife kept in the puja room for Ayudha Puja .  

A Saraswati picture on a white cloth, flowers, mango leaves, turmeric, kumkum, puffed and beaten rice, few seasonal fruits including plantains, conch, burning incense--etc  .  Our prasadam was Pradhaman payasam made of jaggery.
  
Below: Goddess of learning Saraswati . We have the richest culture on this planet !  We are jealous of none !!




Navratri 2014 begins on September 25 and ends on October 3 2014.

During Navratri a kalash is placed in the Puja room.

A Kalash is prepared at home and the water is changed daily for nine days.  The kalash is placed on grains on raised platform or in the Puja room. 


One diya is lit close to this Kalash which is supposed to burn endlessly for nine days. This is known as Akhand Jyoti.

Punch into Google search-

KALASHA , SYMBOL OF THE COSMIC WOMB  VADAKAYIL

Navratri is a time for SPRING CLEANING of the entire house, giving away unwanted things to poor people and discarding useless things.

Hindus clean their homes for inviting the Goddess Shakti into their homes.

Hoarding of usless garbage in the homes like old clothes, shoes,  plastic bottles, magazines etc  is an effort to manage the anxiety raised by obsessive doubts.  

There will be  a disruption to feelings of self-worth, interpersonal relationships, occupation, or health as a result of hoarding items which are worthless.

Hoarders experience intense anxiety when they even think of discarding what most others view as useless objects.

They are affected by anxiety-provoking thoughts such as: "What if I run out?"  "What if I need to know something and don't have the information available?" "  "What if I throw it away but the day comes when I really need it?"

Hoarders are suspicious of other people touching possessions , as they feel it may be thrown away , when they are not around.

Being overly sentimental does not bring happiness---that storing up stuff only brings misery, chaos, and isolation.    All hoarders firmly believe that every single object will be useful one day, whether it is a broken toy, old magazine, torn ill fitting shoes, empty container, plastic bag , old tooth brushes, old school notebooks, old damaged  music tapes ..

 They will have FALTHU imaginary emotional connection to all such garbage. Hoarders make themselves miserable and and everyone else miserable.   Remember, there is NO medicine for treating hoarding. This OCD is due to bad programming in your genes.  You need to wipe out the blue print and insert a healthy one.  


Navratri teaches you about letting go first and then changing for the better.  You can never learn, unless you unlearn. 




The 10th day is Vijayadashami and marks the  victory of Goddess Durga over the demons Mahishasura.

The FAKE mutts of the white invader created all these Ram’s victory over Ravan events on Dusshera—on the same day.   

Why not ?

The white invader quotes verses from a whole lot of FAKE DASAS who never existed -- Kalidas’s Raghuvans, Tulsidas’s Ram Charit Manas, Keshavdas's Ram Chandra Yas Chandrika etc

The white invader caused the BR Ambedkarite people in India celebrate this festival as Ashok Vijayadashmi, since the Mauryan Emperor Asoka converted from BAAD BAAD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism on this day.

Ashoka never existed !  

Nobody heard of Ashoka till the white invader came to India.

Taking a cue BR. Ambedkar converted from BAAD BAAD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism on this day at Deekshabhoomi, Nagpur in 1956, which fell on 14 October in that year.

Gudi Padwa ( first day of Chaitra Navratri in March / April )  was unknown before the white invader came to India—and was celebrated first by Chitpavan Brahmins .   



The holy Kalash without water , was put UPSIDE DOWN on a pole -- rather  IMPALED by a pole from the bottom -- and converted to the flag of Brahma ( sic ) !! What is all this ?



I CAN QUOTE MANY MORE — BUT LET IT BE !   HINDUS ARE SO EASILY FOOLED.

Punch into Google search-

CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER  VADAKAYIL


Let me wash my hands as a ritual !



Goddess Shakti ( bhagwati ) was being worshiped in Kerala thousands of years before Lord Parashurama came 6000 years ago.

A whole chapter in the tenth mandal of the Rigveda 5000 BC,  addresses the devotional sadhanas of Goddess Shakti.   The "Devi Sukta" and "Isha Sukta" of the Rigveda and "Ratri Sukta" of the Samveda similarly sing paeans of praise of sadhanas of Shakti.

Lord Krishna worshipped Shakti before he set out for the Battle of Mahabharata in 4000 BC.

Navratri is also a time to connect with the community.  Neighbours invite each other home to see the display of idols, to sing songs, share food and exchange small gifts. 

They gather together in the evenings to singe and do group dance.  It’s a vibrant social festival.  It’s also a time to explore and socially bond..





During the Navratri nights, large groups of devotees participate in 'jagran' and remain awake the whole night singing 'bhajans' and 'hymns' dedicated to Shakti.




The festival of Navratri is celebrated in different manner all through India, but fasting remains one of its common highlights.   Navratri fast is broken on the ninth day or 'Navami'..

Some people live only on  fruit juices and tender coconut water for the entire length of fasting.  Sago gruel is sometimes consumed as it gives quick energy and is easy to digest.





In Sanatana Dharma we know -- “There can be NO prayer without fasting”.

Spring cleaning takes place inside th humanbody during navratri fast. Have you noticed --when animals are ill, they lie down and often don't eat or drink.  Energy goes towards healing our bodies instead of digesting food.





Fasting is a message to your body that you're embarking on a new beginning, flushing out the old and bringing in the new.


The tenth day is a time to feast and rejoice. There is an air of gratitude. Gratitude has a unique relationship with your mental and physical health.






Grateful people are happier, less stressed and happier with social relationships. Grateful people have better self acceptance and are at peace with themselves.
*********************************************************************
PERSONAL BRANDING FOR NARENDRA MODI , SRIVATSA LOGO ON JACKET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I have left an INCOMPLETE Navratri post  -- as I am penning this for Narendra Modi.




PM Narendra Modi saab  -- You must now move away from Zionist APCO branding--we Indians demand this !

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WILL NOW PROVIDE YOU THE BEST PERSONAL BRAND YOU CAN EVER HAVE EVEN IN YOUR WILDEST DREAMS  .

Below: The tenth avatar of Lord Vishnu , Kalki avatar kicked in on 21st Dec 2012 --with a cusp of 30 years .   Kalki avatar will have a SRIVATSA mark on the chest as per our ancient Puranas.




The above mentioned SRIVATSA logo brings great responsibilities along with it --in case you choose to put it on your jacket at chest level on right side   . 

Srivatsa cannot be worn by a hypocrite without bad Karma accrual and divine retribution --  HIMMAT HAI Modi Saab ? .

This SRIVATSA mark was on the chests of Lord Vishnu and in the past on Mahavira.  It was NOT on his chest actually, but his Jain followers made this mark on his statues,

I hope that opportunistic foreign funded Shirdi Sai Baba followers now do NOT steal this Hindu messiah logo and put it on the chest of a circumcised Muslim mortal ,  who did namaz 5 times a day for 66 years in public view , endlessly repeating in an unsolicited manner ALLAH MALIK ( allah is greatest )  -- who died 95 just years ago  .

Below : Holy SRIVATSA symbol  -- the endless knot which represents interweaving of CHANGE with TIME .



In modern context  –

In these mundane material times – leaving spirituality on the back burner .

What is CHANGE ?

Punch into Google search-
CHANGE MANAGEMENT  VADAKAYIL

What is TIME ?

Punch into Google search-
TIME MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL

What is LEADERSHIP ?

Punch into Google search-

BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP VADAKAYIL




Srivatsa is a commonly used surname in Hindu names.  Lord Parasurama an avatar of Vishnu was born in this Gotra.

The endless knot of Sri Vatsa is found on Vishnu’s right side chest.  This symbol represents the interweaving of change with time.   Srivatsa is one of the 1008 names of Lord  Vishnu in the Vishnu Sahasranam.

The Kaustubh Mani was a powerful deep blue diamond with a radiance equal to the sun.  It was obtained during the churning of the sea ( Samudra Manthan ) .

Lord Vishnu wears Kaustubh Mani  in a garland on his chest.   This tone  brings invincibility on to its wearer .

The Srivatsa mark on Lord Vishnu’s right chest is due to this diamond, which caused a design of fine yellow hair in an endless knot geometrical form—as per Sree Bhagawatham    (SB 10.13.48)

SAHAR VAKSH STHAL KAUSTUBHASHRIYAM, NAMAMI VISHNUM SIRASA CHATURBHUJAM ||

This hymn talks about the Kaustubha diamond on Vishnu. .  Both Srivatsa and Kaustubha are generally listed together in the   same line, often in the same word even, in the verses of the Bhagavatam.

Bhaktivedanta VedaBase:  Śrīmad Bhāgavatam  5.3.3
atha ha tam āviṣkṛta-bhuja-yugala-dvayaḿ hiraṇmayaḿ puruṣa-viśeṣaḿ kapiśa-kauśeyāmbara-dharam urasi vilasac-chrīvatsa-lalāmaḿ daravara-vanaruha-vana-mālācchūry-amṛta-maṇi-gadādibhir upalakṣitaḿ sphuṭa-kiraṇa-pravara-mukuṭa-kuṇḍala-kaṭaka-kaṭi-sūtra-hāra-keyūra-nūpurādy-ańga-bhūṣaṇa-vibhūṣitam ṛtvik-sadasya-gṛha-patayo 'dhanā ivottama-dhanam upalabhya sabahu-mānam arhaṇenāvanata-śīrṣāṇa upatasthuḥ

“ Lord Viṣhṇu appeared before King Nābhi with four arms. He was very bright, and He appeared to be the best of all personalities. Around the lower portion of His body, He wore a yellow silken garment. On His chest was the mark of Śrīvatsa, which always displays beauty. He carried a conchshell, lotus flower, disc and club, and He wore a garland of forest flowers and the Kaustubha gem. He was beautifully decorated with a helmet, earrings, bangles, belt, pearl necklace, armlets, ankle bells and other bodily ornaments bedecked with radiant jewels. Seeing the Lord present before them, King Nābhi and his priests and associates felt just like poor people who have suddenly attained great riches. They received the Lord and respectfully bent their heads and offered Him things in worship”



Your personal brand is what WE THE PEOPLE  say about you, behind your back . Immortal words of Oscar Wilde: "Be yourself, everyone else is already taken."

WE THE PEOPLE are higher than the Indian Constitution and all four pillars of Indian Democracy – EXECUTIVE, LEGISLATURE, JUDICIARY AND MEDIA .




The fourth pillar , the MEDIA is about DESH BHAKT social media . 

It is NOT about DESH DROHI,  benami Indian owned media , who do perception management for big brother,  who lives abroad –  the slave master who has already robbed Bharatmata blind .






WE THE PEOPLE are always happy at the feet of BHARATMATA ( WATAN ) .






Do not let everyone know everything about you.  

Cultivate a mystique. 

Leaders never shout--they give orders with firmness and decision.  

Don’t sweat the small stuff.  

Be your own man without being overly concerned about the reactions of others, especially BENAMI Indian owned media.

It is NOT worth giving interviews to delusional orangutans ( with cat’s whiskers )— who INTERROGATE on TV  .  


Success that cost you your dignity is not an achievement—but a profound personal failure.




Modi saab,  your current pedestrian knowledge about BILDERBERG WORLD INTRIGUE has to be improved ASAP -- or else you are UNFIT to rule .





Punch into Google search-

THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL


Below: WE THE INDIAN PEOPLE know enough about your fellow Gujju , Gandhi , more than what you will ever know -- -- 

we are already sick , tired and super-saturated with Gandhi -- 

so kindly take it easy while ramming Gandhi down our hapless throats --in a "if you don't like it , here LUMP it" manner !



Make a difference as a world leader --  be world class -- nay-- make a dent in the universe.  Leave behind a legacy that the storm of time cannot erode.



Would you not like to know the IMMORAL WHITE INVADERS poison injected version of how Vishnu got the Sri Vatsa mark on his chest , written over brandy and cigars ?  Mind you at lot of Hindu organization s on the Internet are run by Christian/ Muslim and Jews hasbaras.

Let me quote Wikipedia  -- Punch into Google search- BHRIGU WIKIPEDIA

QUOTE: All the great saints and sages could not decide that out of the Trinity Lord Vishnu, Brahma and Shiv who is pre-eminent and to whom should they offer Pradhanta (Master) of that yagya.  With the consent of all the great saints present there, it was decided that Maharishi Bhrigu will test and decide who was pre-eminent.

Upon being entrusted with the task Maharishi Bhrigu decided to test Lord Brahma first. He went on to see Lord Brahma in Brahmaloka. On reaching Brahmalok Maharishi displayed utter disrespect to Lord Brahma on purpose ( he became ghull – hid under the bed  TEE HEEE ) .  Lord Brahma got angry and wanted to punish Maharishi but Maha Saraswati, wife of Lord Brahma saved Maharishi from his anger.  Angry with disrespect, Maharishi Bhrigu cursed Lord Brahma that no one will worship Brahma in Kaliyuga.  To this day, there are very few temples devoted to Lord Brahma (the notable exception being the Brahma Temple at Pushkar).

Maharishi Bhrigu then decided to visit Lord Shiva at Kailash Parvata.  On reaching Kailash Parvat, Nandi stopped him from going inside because at that time, Shiva and Parvathi were sporting fun ( busy having sexual intercourse and could NOT stop the humping TEE HEEE ) . Bhrigu curses Lord Shiva to be only worshipped in Linga ( erect penis dripping semen )    form. (We however have a statue form of lord Shiva in Kashi (Maha Mrityunjaya Temple) said to be over 400 years old.)

Then in order to test Lord Vishnu, Maharishi reached Vaikunth Dhama.  He entered the Dhama without Lord Vishnu's permission and saw that the Lord was resting at that time. Maharishi asked him to wake up, but Lord was in deep sleep. ( How can you wake up somenody pretending to sleep without a resounding kick TEE HEEEE ) On seeing no reaction from Lord, Maharishi kicked Lord Vishnu on his chest (that strike by Maharishi Bhrigu left a foot print on Lord's chest and that foot print is known as "Shri Vatsa").

Below: Our sapta rishis are seven stars of great bear (Ursa Major) constellation-- which revolve like the SWASTIKA around Dhruv. Buddha lifted the Hindu Right Handed Swastika and made it left handed -- because he did NOT have the perception to understand astronomy .







Lord Vishnu got up after the strike and realized what has happened. On realizing that Maharishi had hit him with his foot, Lord asked him, “Maharishi, are you hurt in your foot? My chest is strong but your foot is not so strong". Seeing the decorum of Lord Vishnu, Bhrigu was pleased ( like pudding TEE HEEEE ) and declared him superior amongst the Trideva.--UNQUOTE 

MAHARISHI BRIGHU IS STAR ALKAID !

Below: Greeks lifted from Indian texts written 7000 years before .




Punch into Google search-

 POLARIS AND THE GREAT BEAR VADAKAYIL

Brahma Vishnu and Shiva are cosmic force fields – they work in absolute harmony to set the LAWS OF THE UNIVERSE – they do NOT have competitions or boast who is stronger . The immoral white invader can shove his lighted cigar – you know where along with the brandy bottle.

GREEK ,  STOLE FROM VEDIC ASTRONOMY !



Tamas / Sattwa / Rajas ( Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva ) represents the organization of primal energy , the foundation of universal laws , relativity , stability of nature.   The law holds together the endless spiral of galaxies .

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly .  If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end.   

Tamas Rajas , which are rooted together , is present in every phenomenon on earth., where energy transforms from one to another—it can neither be created or destroyed.

These two opposing forces are natural and transform each other , in perfect harmony.  Harmony can never be stagnant .  Lessening of Tamas always results in increase of Rajas and vice versa

One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant .  No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite.  They consume each other yet support each other.

Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.

Balance can never be permanent— Tamas and Rajas continiously devour each other – and life flows on.


Absolute magic!




Below: Cosmic force fields Brahma/ Vishnu / Shiva ( creator - mediator - destroyer forces  ) are personalised below.




You must ponder over each waxing-waning cycle to appreciate the absolute truths of Sanatana Dharma . The forces  keep each other in check, yet provide fuel to feed off each other.

Particle/ anti particle
Wave/ photon
Black hole/ quasar
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Man/ woman
Catabolism/ anabolism
Pressure/ Vacuum
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Evaporation/ condensation
Creation/ destruction
Oxidation/ antioxidation
Attraction/ repulsion
Gather / disperse
Excitation/ inhibition
Absorbsion/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Coagulation/ anticoagulation
Acid/ base
Electron balance/ counterbalance
Positive pole/ negative
Magnetic North/ south
Counterclockwise vortex/ clockwise
Sleep/ wake
Freezing/ melting
Vaporisation/ condensation
Ionisation/ deionisation
Energy/ matter
Proton/ electron
Matter/ antimatter
Birth/ decay
Cathode/ anode
Static/ Dynamic
Closed/ Open
Organic / Inorganic
Gravity / Antigravity
Deliberate/ Spontaneous
  
Energy cannot be destroyed –it can only be transformed.  

Nothing that was created can ever cease to exist.  They can only change.  And so we change.  

We emerge from microscopic interactions of cells and DNA grow to the physical form we know in the world. 

Remember we were all born with the stars !  



We Hindus do Namaste as we recognize the greatness of the ball of energy within you !


Below: Slimy Mani before elections !




Below : Mani Shangaran Iyeran -- while Modi was getting cheered at Madison Garders New York.   Chal, bechare ko thoda chai do, malai maarke  !



BAARAH CYLINDER CHAHIYE  !     APUN BHI STEEPLE POSE KARENGA !!







RESPECT YOUR BODY-- HEALTH IS WEALTH --WHAT IS AGE ?--JUST A NUMBER !
*********************************************************************
BODY DYSMORPHIC DISORDER , BDD , INCREASING SUICIDES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



One of my readers wanted me to comment on body dysmorphic disorder (BDD), he has been diagnosed with this condition and he says he has been contemplating suicide .

Usually I would have put it down as a simple comment .

BUT IT IS HIGH TIME THE MEDICAL FRATERNITY UNDERSTOOD THIS UNSUNG DISORDER ,  AS ONE IN 60 PEOPLE IN THE WEST ARE SUFFERING FROM IT .   

A HUGE PERCENTAGE OF THE PEOPLE WHO SUFFER FROM IT ATTEMPT SUICIDE. 



Their suicides have been  attributed by the mindless medical community as EVERY OTHER DISEASE OR DISORDER except the real thing --  BDD.  

It is a crying shame .



And how many ears must one man have,
before he can hear people cry ?

And how many deaths will it take till we know,
that too many people have died?

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,
the answer is blowing in the wind.

The answer my friend is blowing in the wind,

the answer is blowing in the wind.


I have put a few post on medical issues, and they are VERY popular with my foreign readers – probably I write what the main stream medical community do NOT dare to write for fear of being disrobed. 

THERE IS AN ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM OCCUPYING 95% OF THE SPACE, AND THE PEOPLE IN THE ROOM DO NOT MENTION THE " R  " ELEPHANT IN THE PROCES VERBAL .



For the past two weeks my post on Chikungunya has attracted attention of the Caribbean islands and 31,000 people have read it ..

So what is special about this post?

Just one thing—I have mentioned that the only way to bring up the blood platelet count is by having the juice of tender papaya leaves .

Punch into Google search-
FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC  VADAKAYIL

I first mentioned it in the post above . 

--considering that there was NOT a single post on the Internet or on medical books about this magic cure. 

Yet it was known to Kerala 6200 years ago.  Why do you think all these Greeks came to Kerala before Jesus Christ came to Kerala  ?

TODAY THERE ARE HUNDRED OF THOUSANDS   OF POSTS ON THE INTERNET ABOUT PAPAYA LEAF JUICE CURE FOR LOW BLOOD PLATELET COUNT ARISING DUE TO  DENGUE, CHIKUNGUNYA etc-   EVEN BY MODERN ALLOPATHY  .    

I KNOW I WAS THE FIRST TO WRITE ABOUT IT.

So I guess I will be doing this planet a great service by writing about BDD—the cause of hundreds of thousands  of lives lost in the past due to suicide.  

Mind most of these people were SUCCESSFUL ,  HEALTHY and RICH .


Michael Jackson was one such man  . The world was at his feet.



Most of us have something we don't like about our appearance — a crooked nose, an uneven smile, or eyes that are too large or too small.   And though we may fret about our imperfections, they don’t interfere with our daily lives.   

But people who have body dysmorphic disorder (BDD) think about their real or perceived flaws for hours each day.

They can't control their chattering negative thoughts and don't believe people who tell them that they are OK.  Their intruding thoughts may cause severe emotional distress and interfere with their daily functioning.  

They may avoid social situations and isolate themselves, from family and friends, because they fear others will notice their flaws.   

They may even undergo unnecessary plastic surgeries to correct perceived imperfections, never finding satisfaction with the results.

Michael Jackson was not the only one to suffer from BDD.  He was famous so we know him and obsession with plastic surgery.   

He has done more than 10 surgeries on his nose itself .   Body dysmorphic disorder is also known as dysmorphophobia, the fear of having a deformity. It is a vicious cycle when you are involved in plastic surgery, with the surgeon goading you on ( if you are rich ) for more surgeries .

Only someone with BDD would be able to understand the depth of discomfort that he may have experienced when he looked in the mirror.

People with BDD suffer from obsessions about their appearance that can last for hours or up to an entire day.   Hard to resist or control, these obsessions make it difficult for people with BDD to focus on anything but their imperfections.  

 

Let me dedicate a song to the sexy lady above -- she moved shaggy !






This can lead to low self-esteem, avoidance of social situations, and problems at work or school.



BDD sufferers may perform some type of compulsive or repetitive behavior to try to hide or improve their flaws although these behaviors usually give only temporary relief.

Examples are listed below:
camouflaging (with body position, clothing, makeup, hair, hats, etc.)
comparing body part to others' appearance
putting padded bras and cock socks 
putting skin tights to show camel toe ( vagina contour )
seeking surgery
checking in a mirror
avoiding mirrors
skin picking
excessive grooming
excessive exercise
changing clothes excessively

The intrusive thoughts and repetitive behaviors exhibited in BDD are similar to the obsessions and compulsions of OCD.


From coconut grater upper lip to duck lips !



Below : Me and my younger son on our morning twilight walk ( 6 km ) taking in our daily quota of negative ions and Serotonin.  Photographer is mE wife.   The early morning mist along with low altitude SURYA NAMASKAR sunlight is good for BDD.. My younger son is a strapping 126 kilos - the acorn turned mighty oak.



All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attached itself to it and enlarges the virus.  



Viruses are so tiny that our lungs cant pull them out, unless they are enlarged. Negative ions create an alkaline environment. 



Cancer cells survive only in an acidic environment, which is an oxygen impoverished environment.
Free radicals are positive ions in your body, which shuts down your immune system and causes cells to become weak. This makes you fall sick faster and age faster.




When positive ions permeate into your skin, your sweat pores contract. Negative ions cause the pores to expand and increase metabolism. 85% negative ions are absorbed by the skin and the balance via the lungs. 


Negative ions in the blood stream activates delivery of oxygen to cells and tissues. Negative charged environment stimulates the body’s self healing mechanism.




Bacteria thrives on dust. This is the reason why the best hospitals of this planet have negative ion generators in the post operation rooms . You can buy this in the market too for your home. Negative ions do NOT have any adverse side effects. 



Even modern poultry farms have negative ion generators. Almost all major soccer clubs have negative ionisers in the change rooms.




Basically these machines use high voltage to ionize or electrically charge air molecules—they have an extra electron, to donate to electron wrenching free radicals. Waterfalls and flowing living water streams produce negative ions.  

All Vedic rishis sat near clear fast flowing brooks and waterfalls, to improve their concentration.
Negative ions lower the blood pressure. It reduces allergy .




Serotonin is a neurotransmitter (brain chemical) that is associated with many important functions, such as sleep, appetite, and sex drive.

Inhaling negative ions and the effect of early morning low altitude sunlight regulates the production of natural Serotonin in your brain (which controls BDD) -which has no side effects .

It controls depression and is a better way that the use of medicines like Prozac which have side effects.   

Negative ions accelerate the oxidative degradation of Serotonin.    Positive ions on the other hand sabotage the enzymes which breakdown serotonin.    Negative ion is an oxygen atom with an extra electron.



Serotonin is sometimes abbreviated 5-HT (5-hydroxytryptamine).    Too little serotonin causes disorders like major depression, obsessive-compulsive disorder and other anxiety disorders. 
  


Prozac may help to correct this by increasing the brain's supply of serotonin—a neuro transmitter. When serotonin is released from the "sending" nerve cell, the leftover serotonin is normally reabsorbed by an uptake pump. 
   


By blocking the uptake pump, Prozac increases the amount of active serotonin that can be delivered to the "receiving" nerve cell.   



This means that the neurons steep for a longer period of time in the serotonin you already produce.    Prozac selectively affects only serotonin which is why Prozac and other similar drugs are called selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors, or SSRIs.  




Getting back to BDD—

People with BDD can dislike any part of their body.   In reality, a perceived defect may be only a slight imperfection or nonexistent. But for someone with BDD, the flaw is significant and prominent, often causing severe emotional distress and difficulties in daily functioning.  Neurobiological factors such as malfunctioning of serotonin in the brain and and life experiences are involved.

People with severe BDD may avoid leaving their homes altogether and may even have thoughts of suicide .

Cognitive-behavioral therapy (CBT) teaches BDD patients to recognize irrational thoughts and change negative thinking patterns.

But then the brainworks in a way modern doctors do NOT comprehend—  it is NOT there in their medical learning syllabus.

Our brain is holographic. While introducing Nikola Tesla to Akasha or longitudinal field ZPF waves , in 1903, the great Indian mystic has told him -"Every part is a whole and everything springs from the whole".

This was 45 years before a hologram was invented.

Our brain can store unlimited data, because our brain is holographic.

Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface.

Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams.




Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search.

This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle--and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.


Body dysmorphic disorder is actually a type of chronic mental illness in which you can't stop thinking about a flaw in your appearance — a flaw that is either minor or imagined.  

But to you, your appearance seems so shameful that you don't want to be seen by anyone.  

Negative life experiences, such as childhood teasing in school ( obesity, shitting in trousers at school , short height , squeaky voice ) has often triggered this low self esteem.   Body dysmorphic disorder usually starts in adolescence.

Complications that body dysmorphic disorder may cause or be associated with include:--
Unnecessary medical procedures, especially cosmetic surgery
Social phobia and social isolation
Lack of close relationships
Difficulty attending work or school
Low self-esteem
Repeated hospitalizations
Depression or other mood disorders
Suicidal thoughts or behavior
Anxiety disorders
Obsessive-compulsive disorder
Eating disorders
Substance abuse
Cosmetic procedures

Since body dysmorphic disorder ( BDD )  is thought to be caused in part by problems related to the brain chemical serotonin, SSRIs  ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors)  are typically prescribed. 

SSRIs are more effective than other antidepressant medications for body dysmorphic disorder and may help control your obsessions and repetitive behaviors.  Your doctor may increase your dose on a gradual basis to make sure you can tolerate the medication and possible side effects.

Recently we had Chetan Bhagat ridiculing Baba Ramdev and his Yoga . At the Indian today conclave he asked Baba Ramdev if his yoga can cure homosexuality.  



Mind you, this MORON , the NWO stooge Chetan Bhagat will not even know what Vagus nerve or Amygdala is.   

See R has empowered him .



Serotonin , the cure for BDD can be secured by a simple Surya Namaskar .Lord Krishna had advised Arjuna to do Surya Namaskar to get rid of his depression, obsessive thoughts and negativity before the Mahabharta war 6000 year ago..



Punch into google search-
SURYA NAMASKAR , ENLARGING YOUR PINEAL GLAND , DNA UPGRADE , 21ST DEC 2012 VADAKAYIL




Serotonin is transformed into melatonin in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the SUPER ANTIOXIDANT of nature.  The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind.   Prozac raises serotonin.



At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating.  This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip.  You see your whole past life as FRACTAL divine geometry.    




Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.   Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic organic herb substance Soma .   During Surya Namaskar, the pineal secretes not only DMT, but other peptides as well that have psychoactive effects.  

Below:  Serotonin is sometimes abbreviated 5-HT (5-hydroxytryptamine)




Serotonin receptors are activated by DMT and serotonin receptors regulate heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, pupil diameter.  DMT is a small molecule and is a  brain food that is rapidly transported across the blood brain barrier.  The amount of serotonin produced by the brain was directly linked to prevailing sunlight duration.  



Sunlight exposure decreases adrenaline and noradrenalin levels, reducing their stressing effect, and releases endorphins, which promote the feeling of well-being .     Blood exposed to infrared light had less blood cell aggregation (clumping together) which would free up more surface area of red blood cells to transfer nutrients and oxygen to tissues.



Almost of the Serotonin is generated in the human gut and NOT in the brain.   Till today whenever I had a headache ( say once in 6-9 months ) I have always taken a stomach pacifier like Alka Seltzer effervescent tablets, basically a bicarbonate alkali .  It worked for me within 180 seconds. 



Serotonin is a magical substance that travels from the digestive tract to the pineal gland , which gives you the feel good factor, helps you to learn, fall asleep etc.   




Below: Adi Shankaracharya meditated in Chitramoola cave (above) on top of Kudajadri mountain , Karnataka , 4000 years ago.



All Vedic rishis sat near clear fast flowing brooks and waterfalls, to improve their concentration. Inhaling negative ions regulates the production of Serotonin in your brain.  



Negative ionizers help you to sleep better. They accelerate the oxidative degradation of Serotonin.  Positive ions on the other hand sabotage the enzymes which breakdown serotonin.  

Below: Check out the negative ion generator of my home at Calicut-  APNAICH CHOTA NIAGRA .



Education about body dysmorphic disorder can empower you  .   People suffering from BDD must maintain a FRANK journal.   This can help you express your pain, anger, fear or other emotions—it acts as a catharsis..  



Write down your feelings— you feel that you prick is too tiny like a ground nut ,  or your tits looks like fried eggs or you face lacks symmetry — whatever .



Many people with BDD do not seek help as they are worried that people will judge them, or think they are vain. This means that many people are likely to experience BDD for a long time before seeking help.

Don't become isolated.  Isolation will drive your to harm yourself.  Try to participate in normal activities and get together with family or friends regularly.   

Take care of yourself. Eat healthy, stay physically active and get sufficient sleep. Try stress-reduction techniques as Pranayama and meditation.

People who suffer from BDD , who do Surya Namaskar will NOT commit suicide.

No drug is formally FDA-approved in USA for the treatment of BDD


A person with BDD may feel that they cannot go out in public unless they have hidden the problem area in some way with clothing,  make-up or covering with hair    .

This is the reason why  Kamala Das ( Kamala Suraiyya ) converted to Islam, as the rest of her 74 year old body other than her face was too ugly , she camouflaged it with a burkha.




As of today the post below is the No 1 read post in my blogsite among 840 odd posts—96% by foreigners.



Punch into Google search-

SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION VADAKAYIL





More than 30% of the people who seek plastic surgery suffer from BDD.    People with BDD seem to have a chemical imbalance of the neurotransmitter serotonin, because they often respond well to the SSRI (selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors) class of antidepressants.   



Serotonin is one of the chemicals in the brain that transmits signals between the billions of neurons that constantly communicate with each other, allowing the body to think and act. Serotonin (produced in each individual neuron from an amino acid called tryptophan) is typically active in the regions of the brain responsible for emotions, sleeping and sensory perception.  



During interactions between neurons, serotonin is released from the end of the first (presynaptic) neuron and picked up by the second (postsynaptic) neuron. Not all of the serotonin will be taken into the second neuron. The remainder, along with what's released from the postsynaptic neuron after use, floats within the space between the two -- called the synaptic cleft -- until enzymes destroy it. 



Some of the released serotonin is also reabsorbed by the first neuron.  SSRIs ( like Prozac / Zoloft etc ) decrease the rate at which the serotonin is taken back into the presynaptic neuron. This causes more serotonin to linger in the synaptic cleft, also increasing the message's strength as it passes to the postsynaptic neuron. This leads to a more ideal chemical balance and seems to have a positive effect on mood.




Western SSRI medicines like Prozac  have serious side effects. The first drug in the class known as selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors (SSRIs) hit the U.S. market in 1988 under the brand name Prozac.

By 2005, antidepressants like Prozac had become the most prescribed drugs in the country. Today, about a dozen SSRIs are prescribed, including Paxil, Zoloft and Prozac.

SSRIs have a number of common side effects, including sexual side effects (a repressed libido, erectile dysfunction and difficult achieving orgasm, for men and women).  Fatigue, weight loss, apathy, insomnia, headaches, nausea, drowsiness, anorexia, anxiety, nervousness, weakness , tremors etc are just few of the reported side effects.

One serious side effect applies to women who are pregnant: If taken during pregnancy, SSRIs are shown to cause one or more birth defects. SSRIs can also cause suicidal thoughts and actions, especially in teenagers.




Despite their similarities, BDD and OCD ( obsessive compulsive disorder ) are two different conditions.  People with BDD tend to have a greater tendency to suicide, substance abuse and depression. 

BDD can affect anyone. 

People with BDD and more at risk of developing certain other psychiatric disorders, in particular obsessive compulsive disorder (OCD), social anxiety disorder and depression.   

Like I said, if untreated BDD can lead to self harm and even suicide.  Low doses of cannabis increased serotonin levels in the brain, which helps to improve mood.  

The EVIL PHARMA will never ever support this.  



Mind you Cannabis/ Marijuana if smoked is bad for health.

Punch into Google search-

SAY NO TO HUMAN SUFFERING WITH CANNABIS  VADAKAYIL



People living with BDD are not vain, but believe themselves to be ugly or defective. They tend to be very secretive and reluctant to seek help because they are afraid that others will think them vain or self-obsessed. 

When the flow of serotonin is blocked, the brain's "alarm system" overreacts and misinterprets information. "False alarms" mistakenly trigger danger messages. Instead of the brain filtering out these unnecessary thoughts, the mind dwells on them — and the person experiences unrealistic fear and doubt.


Researchers showed 25 people, half with BDD and half without the disorder, three different images of faces in high, regular and low resolutions. MRI results showed that participants with BDD used the left sides of their brains -- the analytical side -- to process all three images. The other participants used their brains' left hemispheres for only the high-resolution images. This could mean the minds of people with BDD strive to acutely process visual details, even when there aren't any to process. This might be why they can see flaws in themselves, even when those flaws might not exist.



Common symptoms and signs of BDD may include:-----
Excessively checking appearance in mirrors or other reflective surfaces
Constantly comparing appearance to other people
Picking at or otherwise attempting to fix the imagined flaw, such as through excessive grooming
Measuring, touching or checking the supposed defect
Changing clothes frequently
Refusing to be photographed and destroying existing photographs
Constantly asking loved ones for reassurance
Camouflaging, masking or disguising the perceived flaw with heavy make-up, bulky clothing, hats or posture
Excessively dieting and exercising
Feeling anxiety and fear when around other people
Avoiding mirrors or reflective surfaces
Experiencing suicidal thoughts



As part of the condition, people with BDD might:--

Seek medical advice and treatment from doctors, cosmetic surgeons and dentists in an effort to fix the supposed physical defect. These doctors know of BDD, but they would rather make moolh.
Perform surgeries on themselves
Avoid social situations
Isolate themselves from other people
Harm themselves
Attempt suicide

Some may even isolate themselves in a room and allow others to see them only when they are completely masked or veiled. 

Childhood traumas damaged their self-confidence and personal identities, contributing to their development of BDD. These traumas might include feelings of abandonment, victimization or depression over the death of a loved one.


SSRIs are not tranquillizers, and are not thought to be addictive. Check out is side effects. 

You should not stop SSRI antidepressants suddenly. You should gradually reduce the dose as advised by a doctor at the end of treatment. In some people the symptoms return when medication is stopped. An option then is to take an SSRI antidepressant on a long-term basis.

Magnesium helps to create Serotonin—and here is  6000 year old Ayurvedic remedy.

Punch into Google search-

AYURVEDA, REVERSE OSMOSIS BATHS IN 4000 BC VADAKAYIL

Know the dance if minerals within your body.   Know what Magnesium does for Serotonin .
I have kept  this post below at layman’s level .



Punch into Goggle search-

DYNAMICS WITHIN HUMAN CELL, WHAT IGNORANT DOCTORS MUST KNOW  VADAKAYIL



For BDD low self esteem can be counseled and reassurance can be given . Physical activity like Yoga and exercise can help manage many symptoms, such as depression, stress and anxiety.

Serotonin plays a role in the regulation of obsessive compulsion disorders ( OCD ), mood, aggression, impulse control, sleep, appetite, body temperature and pain.  

When the flow of serotonin is blocked, the brain's "alarm system" overreacts and misinterprets information. "False alarms" mistakenly trigger danger messages. 

Instead of the brain filtering out these unnecessary thoughts, the mind dwells on them — and the person experiences unrealistic fear and doubt. The preoccupation causes clinically significant distress or impairment in social, occupational, or other important areas of functioning.

OCD is an illness, and having it is not a person's fault, just like having asthma or diabetes is not someone's fault. Like asthma, diabetes, or any other illness, OCD can be treated so people can get relief from its symptoms.   It is alleged that porn star Sunny Leone keeps washing her feet.

Common OCD obsessions include:--

Fear of contamination from dirt or germs
Forbidden thoughts
Excessive doubts about religion
A compulsion to confess, tell, or ask questions
Sexual thoughts that intrude on daily life
A need to have objects organized in a particular manner
Imagining self-harm or loss of control over aggression
OCD patients use compulsions to relieve the discomfort caused by obsessions.

Common OCD compulsions include:---
Praying
Touching
Arranging or ordering objects
Counting
Checking
Washing
Hoarding

Repeating actions




In Kerala we have a Ayurvedic treatment called Shirodharna for release of mental demons by reprogramming of DNA,-- like fear, jealousy, anxiety, excessive thinking, phobias, insomnia, schizophrenia, OCD like hoarding, guilt, lack of self worth, ego, hysteria , mood swings, addictions, inability to unlearn etc.  It works at a deep cellular level .

Punch into Google search-
SHIRODHARA, 6000 YEAR OLD MASSAGE FOR THE PINEAL GLAND VADAKAYIL


Well, well -- what do you know !

Bangladesi Islamic terrorists are happy with TMC rule  !  I have challenged my wife to make a face like this !
*********************************************************************
NO FARTING PLEASE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BLOATING,  FLATULENCE,   PASSING WIND , INTESTINAL GAS,  ABDOMEN DISTENTION , BURP , BELCH



Let me start off my narrating a REAL life anecdote told at a shipboard party by a Filipino sailor.  Few beach bums  decided to play black jack.  

They did NOT have the money to buy a pack of cards- so they decided to do the game with measured farts.  

 So , so- they placed their bets on the table and gave short farts as near to 21 as possible.   One contestant reached up to 19.  

Pretty soon another guy reached 20.  

Then comes another guy who farted the exact number 21.

In his excitement he screamed BLACK JACK and started grabbing ZE money.   But in his ungainly effort to grab a small coin at the far end of the table, his gargantuan beer belly pressed on the table and he let go another inadvertent fart, when made him cross 21 to 22.  

All the guys hollered  BUST and grabbed their money back.

When my elder son goes to Las Vegas, he always loses money on the Roulette and Craps tables.  








After that he always wins on the Black Jack table and makes up all the damages , including what he spent at the car racing track and the super luxury room at the Bellagio .




Enjoy !



Enjoy !




Big Brother has been trying hard using his stooges like Dr RK Pachauri  to make India moth ball our enormous reserves of coal by giving bull that Carbon-di-oxide is a greenhouse gas .

When Methane is a potent greenhouse gas – NOT Carbon di Oxide.

Punch into Google search-
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL



Glutton humpless cow fart and belch ( methane gas ) is responsible for global warming.  



The cow lobby is so strong that nobody dares to raise a voice .




Fart gas is nothing but pure methane CH4 --which has one carbon atom in the aliphatic hydrocarbon-- two carbon atoms make it ethane, and 3 makes it propane etc-- C1 to C4 is gas, C5 to C9 is car petrol, C10 to C18 is car diesel—



How many of you heard of a whoopee bag which gives a real Bronx cheer ?

There were three fat old ladies who used to visit my mother at home , for donation to some charity. 

 When I got married they saw my wife and passed a barb.  “ In our families we NOT give our boys to Mumbai educated girls” .



I am sure they knew my wife did her schooling ( Auxilium convent ) and college ( Podar commerce )  from Mumbai. 

I was ready for this occasion .

Below: CHEEEE !



They shifted to the dining table to have tea and snacks. After that they shifted back to the three seater sofa, under whose cushion I has placed three nice whoopee bags.  


As they sat the loud PRRRRR sounds came . 




I had taken a plastic can of discarded STINKING prawn shells from the garbage bag ,and there was this bad stink too emanating from under the sofa . 

It was literally NO CONTEST .  

Sound and YUCK smell both .



They kept glaring at each other for farting.  All the three were sure that they never farted themselves and suspected the other two .  

To cut a long story short they never came back after that.  

I saw them fighting bitterly on the way out . 



They would NOT have suspected in their wildest dreams that such a thing called whoopie bag existed on this planet .   




Later I heard via the grapevine that this gruesome threesome were no more together, dishing out innuendos .






The human gut is host to  more than 100 trillion individuals from more than 500 species .. Nine out of every ten cells in our bodies belong to microbial species. Western diets ( processed foods, GM foods, antibiotic injected meats )  ) are unable to  nourish the friendly bacteria.


From the advent of penicillin until the late 1990s, the evil pharma has waged a scorched earth campaign against all microbes, applying antibiotics like napalm to patients' intestinal tracts.  They did NOT know that they were destroying friendly bacteria which is so important for human physical and mental health.



Taken as a whole, the organisms in the gut constitute the largest and one of the human body's most important organs of defence. Gut bacteria manufacture essential vitamins (including vitamin K as well as several B vitamins) and a great many other compounds.

Some of these compounds act on the central nervous system, moderating our appetite and the mechanisms that determine how we store fat. We eat Idli as breakfast with sour curd chutney as a culture. Idli is probiotic, while the chutney with fibre is pre-biotic.



But under the pressures of broad-spectrum antibiotics,  mindless food pasteurisation and a Western import  processed canned food diet loaded with preservatives , the human microbe community has probably changed more in the past 60 years than in the previous 30,000, when the shift to agriculture and cooked food ( in India ) altered our diet and lifestyle.


With mindless pasteurization our children are exposed to fewer bacteria . Their immune system is NOT qualified to accurately distinguish between good and bad microbes, which explains the escalating rates of allergy, asthma and autoimmune disease in the developed world.  



The evil pharma does NOT realize that our gut is our biggest immune organ, so anything that affects the ecology of the gut is likely to have a strong impact on our bodies.  GM food products and processed foods have also contributed to the squeamishness of the immune system—causing a wide range of allergies.. 

Today all the foreign FDI in retail stores and milk co-operative societies ( thanks to our Western stooge milkman Verghese Kurian ) in India gives us only toxic A1 humpless cow milk and milk products.


The western diet which Indian ape now feeds only the upper GI [gastrointestinal tract].  All the food has been processed to be readily absorbed, leaving nothing for the lower GI—and this is criminal. 

No wonder the West consistently develop high rates of diseases such as heart disease and stroke, obesity, cancer, and type 2 diabetes. 



The key to good health and looking young without a line on the face at the age of 58 is fermentation in the large intestine which hold friendly bacteria. 



An old Italian woman is riding the elevator in a very lavish New York City Office Building.

A young and beautiful woman gets into the elevator and smelling like expensive perfume turns to the old Italian woman and says arrogantly, "Giorgio Beverly Hills, $100 an ounce!"

The next young and beautiful woman gets on the elevator and also very arrogantly turns to the old Italian woman and says, "Chanel No. 5, $150 an ounce!"



About three floors later, the old Italian woman has reached her destination and is about to get off the elevator. Before she leaves, she looks both beautiful women in the eye, she bends over, and gives a series of tremendous loud farts.......

"Broccoli - 49 cents a fuc#kin' pound!"




I am reminded of a joke--

the queen had gas trouble after eating some rotten meat .

in the midst of the royal dinner she let out a resounding fart.

a lord with stiff upper lip , got up and cried " Excuzeee me pleeaaaje " -- taking the blame for the stinking fart .    this is despite everybody knowing who let the thunder gas out .

the next time the queen did it-- a duke stood up and took the blame .

this continued till all the english peers-- got exhausted.

the queen let out another resounding one.

this time nehru got up and was about to take the blame.

at that time nehru's aide twirled his moustache and hollered -

SIR, THIS TIME THE FART IS ON ME -- EXCUJEEE PLEAJJJE !"

and the cat was out of the bag.   

not that it was NOT already out .




Do NOT eat GM foods. 

More than 66% of 65 percent of U.S. corn crops contain a special gene added that allows them to produce an insecticide. This way, when bugs attempt to eat the corn they're killed right away (specifically their stomach is split open) because the plant contains an invisible, built-in pesticide shield.  

Genetically modified foods can cause disruption of DNA, which is cancer. 



These "lipstick" foods which have NIL food value, minerals and vitamins. If you eat a lot of processed foods, for instance, your gut bacteria are going to be compromised because processed foods in general will destroy healthy microflora and feed bad bacteria and yeast


Your gut has both good bacteria and bad bacteria.  The human body carries about 100 trillion microorganisms in its intestines, a number ten times greater than the total number of human cells in the body.

Bacteria make up most of the flora in the colon and up to 60% of the dry mass of feces.  You can feed the probiotics (good bacteria) in your gut with prebiotic foods.

Prebiotics are the nutrients that allow the probiotics to thrive inside your intestine. In Kerala we start our morning with probiotics. We eat fermented foods like Idli, Dosa , curd chutney etc. Having plain yoghurt , or curd after lunch and dinner is commonplace.  Your gut is quite literally your second brain as well as the home to 80 percent of your immune system.



Most of these friendly bacteria are INHERITED bacteria which prevents us from getting allergies. Your gastrointestinal (GI) tract is not your own. It contains a menagerie of microorganisms working in conjunction with your body's own cells to process food and assist the immune system. We inherit many of these colonies from our mothers during our transit through the birth canal ( natural delivery ) and via the ingestion of breast milk. 

Antibiotic-associated diarrhea (AAD), is caused when a course of antibiotics scrubs your intestines of all bacteria—both friendly and hostile. This "changes carbohydrate metabolism with decreased short-chain fatty acid absorption".    


The result: diarrhea, gas, and cramping. But ingesting probiotics such as Lactobacillus rhamnosus could help temporarily replace those decimated cultures until your natural contingent of bacteria grows back while keeping pathogenic bacteria in check.

A reduction of beneficial bacteria lead to digestive problems causing poor immunity and metabolism , yeast infections , urinary tract infections etc.
  
Prebiotics and probiotics are vital to your health, as they help to keep your intestine working properly. Foods that stimulate the production of the bacteria in the digestive system could help burn off pounds quicker than by eating less or exercising more. Morbidly obese people fed up of fruitless exercising and dieting must understand this.

 Fibre in the food is of paramount importance . 

Have you seen young people looking old?



The aging process results from the activity of putrefactive (proteolytic) microbes producing toxic substances in the large bowel.  Introducing "good" bacteria into the gut, helps maintain immune system activity, which in turn helps the body react more quickly to new infections.


The teacher asked little Johnny to use the word " definitely " in a sentence. Little Johnny replies, "Teacher, do farts have lumps in them?" The Teacher says, "Of course not Johnny," To which Johnny replies, "Then I have definitely sh*t my pants,". 

Gut flora's primary benefit to the host is the gleaning of energy from the fermentation of undigested carbohydrates and the subsequent absorption of short chain fatty acids. Good flora increase the gut's absorption of water, reduce counts of damaging bacteria, increase growth of human gut cells, and stimulate growth of indigenous bacteria.

The gut sends  signals to the brain, via the vagus nerve which explains why stress can often be the cause of gastrointestinal problems.  It is two way street here. Prebiotics are a type of fiber that is indigestible in the intestine.



The beneficial bacteria feed off prebiotics in order to survive.  Prebiotics do not replace bacteria, but help feed and maintain levels of ‘good’ bacteria in the digestive tract. 

Prebiotics help your immune system by keeping the beneficial bacteria healthy enough to help fight off disease.  Prebiotics are mainly found in fruits, barley, onions, vegetables and some grains.


A broke dirty Cowboy walks into a bar and says, "Gimme whiskey." The bartender says, "I'll have to see your money first." "I'm broke, but if you give me a bottle of whiskey, I'll get up on that stage and fart Dixie!" The bartender had never seen someone fart any kind of song, so he agrees. The Cowboy drinks the whole bottle of whiskey, then staggers up on stage and the audience start applauding. Then he drops his pants and the audience start cheering even louder. Then, he proceeds to shit all over the stage, and everyone gets disgusted and leave. The bartender screams, "You said you were gonna fart Dixie! Not shit all over my stage!" 

And the Cowboy replies, "Hey! Even Frank Sinatra had to clear his throat before he sang!"

They selectively feed the good bacteria such as lactobacilli and bifidobacteria without feeding the bad types.

As a prebiotic, garlic can help probiotics thrive within the intestine. When consumed together, the indigestible prebiotics in the garlic will remain in the intestine where the probiotics that live there can use it as food.   


Poor food choices, emotional stress, lack of sleep, antibiotic overuse, other drugs, and environmental influences can all shift the balance in favor of the bad bacteria.  When the digestive tract is healthy, it filters out and eliminates things that can damage it, such as harmful bacteria, toxins, chemicals, and other waste products.  



Raw, unheated honey is nature’s only predigested food.  Unheated honey is a prebiotic supplies a rich array of nutrients, including amino acids and enzymes.  The body uses pure honey for quick energy . Consumed in small amounts, honey does not contribute to blood sugar imbalances.  Raw, unheated honey is the best sweetener, and we used this in ancient India.



Choosing the right prebiotic foods containing fibre that help protect the intestines, and  boost the metabolism and reduce inflammation in the body.  Prebiotics mostly come from carbohydrate fibers called oligosaccharides. . 



Probiotics are beneficial bacteria similar to those found naturally in the gut. 

Probiotics are defined by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations (FAO) as "Live microorganisms which when administered in adequate amounts confer a health benefit on the host" Probiotics remain in the gut and act to aid in digestion and immunity. Probiotics are naturally found in yogurt and hard cheese. 

Without adequate prebiotics, the probiotics may not get enough nutrients to survive, and the natural flora of your intestine will change. If the beneficial bacteria are underpopulated, other, more harmful bacteria can move in, potentially causing gastrointestinal problems.



Probiotics – the beneficial bacteria ,calms the immune system and reduce inflammation,  shortens the duration and severity of allergies and reduce the risk of serious diseases—all by improing the health and function of the gut. Prebiotic fiber is not affected by heat, cold, acid or time. Probiotics can be killed by heat, acid or simply the passage of time. 

Prebiotics nourish the thousands of good bacterial species already living in the colon.    Probiotics contain from one to a few species of bacteria which are added to the colon when they are ingested (eaten).

Excessive drinking alcohol destroys the good bacteria.  Eating meat from FDI stores and fast food joints KFC etc pumped with antibiotics kills the gut flora.  Probiotic bacteria use cholesterol as fuel. It  reduces the amount of cholesterol your liver makes.  Ingesting probiotics may lead to a significant increase in good (HDL) cholesterol, which is difficult to raise by other ways..



Intestinal problems can also arise when the lining of the intestines is damaged.  Taking probiotics may help maintain the integrity of the lining of the intestines.

Probiotics can preventing eczema associated with A1 humpless cow’s milk allergy. They suppress the growth of pathogens.  Drink only A2 milk taken from humped cows. Eat organic vegetables.  Broiler poultry grown just for meat is always injected with hormone and antibiotics. 

.Avoid consuming sugar, including fructose, and processed foods (which virtually all contain added sugar and fructose). The sugars serve as fuel for the growth of pathogenic anaerobic bacteria, fungi and yeast, and competitively inhibit your good bacteria, tending to crowd them out of their appropriate niche. These pathogenic bacteria, fungi and yeast then produce metabolic waste products that will cause your health to deteriorate.  



A lady walks into a BMW dealership. She browses around, spots the Top-of-the-line Beemer and walks over to inspect it. As she bends over to feel the fine leather upholstery, she inadvertently breaks Wind. Very embarrassed, she looks around nervously to see if anyone has noticed her little accident and prays that a sales person doesn't pop up right now. As she turns around, her worst nightmare materializes in the form of a salesman standing right behind her. Cool as a cucumber and displaying complete professionalism, the salesman greets the lady With, "Good day, Madame. How may we help you today?" Very uncomfortably, but hoping that the salesman may just not have been there at the time of her accident, she asks, "Sir, what is the price of this lovely vehicle?" He answers, "Madam, if you farted just touching it, you are going to shit yourself when I tell you the price." 





Western diets are filled with sweets and sugars, processed foods, and fast foods. These foods damage and inflame the intestinal walls, promoting overgrowth of bad bacteria and yeasts and breakdown of the intestinal barrier that leads to leaky gut..



Intermittent distention of the abdomen is caused by excessive formation of intestinal gas. Flatulence (farting) results from the production of gas by bacteria within the intestines when they digest sugars and polysaccharides.   Excessive production of gas can be from bacterial overgrowth of the small intestine.

The usual cause of belching is a distended (inflated) stomach caused by swallowed air.

Bloating is the subjective sensation (feeling) that the abdomen is full or larger than normal


Intermittent distention is usually due to the occasional accumulation of gas and/or fluid within the stomach, small intestine, or colon.  Flatulence, also known as farting, is the act of passing intestinal gas from the anus.

The bacteria produce the gas (primarily hydrogen and/or methane) when they digest foods, primarily sugars and nondigestible polysaccharides (for example, starch, cellulose), that have not been digested during passage through the small intestine. The bacteria also produce carbon dioxide, but the carbon dioxide is so rapidly absorbed from the intestine that very little passes in flatus.



Sugars that are commonly digested poorly (maldigested) and malabsorbed are lactose, sorbitol, and fructose.

Lactose is the sugar in milk. The absence of the enzyme lactase in the lining of the intestines, which is a genetic trait, causes the maldigestion. Lactase is important because it breaks apart the lactose so that it can be absorbed.

Sorbitol is a commonly used sweetener in low calorie foods.

Fructose, primarily as high fructose corn syrup, is a commonly used sweetener in all types of candies and drinks.  You drink coke and you fart.


Gas is primarily composed of carbon dioxide, oxygen, nitrogen, hydrogen, and sometimes methane. Flatus, gas passed through the anus, may also contain small amounts of gasses that contain sulfur. Flatus that contains more sulfur gasses has more odor.

Burping allows some gas to leave the stomach. The remaining gas moves into the small intestine, where it is partially absorbed. A small amount travels into the large intestine for release through the anus.


The stomach and small intestine do not fully digest some carbohydrates—sugars, starches, and fiber found in many foods. This undigested food passes through the small intestine to the large intestine. Once there, undigested carbohydrates are broken down by bacteria in the large intestine, which release hydrogen and carbon dioxide in the process. 


Other types of bacteria in the large intestine take in hydrogen gas and create methane gas or hydrogen sulfide, the most common sulfur gas in flatus.

people with conditions that cause constipation are more likely to produce detectable amounts of methane.   



Some of the gas produced in the intestines is absorbed by the bloodstream and carried to the lungs, where it is released in the breath.



The most convenient way to test for bacterial overgrowth of the small intestine is hydrogen/methane breath testing.  Normally, the gas produced by the bacteria of the colon is composed of hydrogen and/or methane.  For hydrogen/methane breath testing, a non-digestible sugar, lactulose, is consumed.  


At regular intervals following ingestion, samples of breath are taken for analysis.  When the lactulose reaches the colon, the bacteria form hydrogen and/or methane.  Some of the hydrogen or methane is absorbed into the blood and eliminated in the breath where it can be measured in the samples of breath.



In normal individuals, there is one peak of hydrogen or methane when the lactulose enters the colon. In individuals who have bacterial overgrowth, there are two peaks of hydrogen or methane. The first occurs when the lactulose passes and is exposed to the bacteria in the small intestine. 



The second occurs when the lactulose enters the colon and is exposed to the colonic bacteria. Hydrogen breath testing for overgrowth also may be done utilizing lactose, glucose, sorbitol, or fructose as the test sugar.


Yogurt, in which the lactose has been broken down partially by bacteria, produces less gas than milk.

There are certain types of vegetables and fruits that contain types of starches that are poorly digested by people but well digested by bacteria. 



These include beans, lentils, cabbage, brussels sprouts, onions, carrots, apricots, and prunes. Reducing the intake of these vegetables and fruits, as well as foods made from whole grains, should reduce gas and flatulence.




Doctor's Visit Doctor: "What seems to be the problem today?" Patient: "Doc, I've got the farts. I mean I fart all the time," The Doctor nods, "Hmm." 

Patient: "My farts do not stink and you can't hear them. It's just that I fart all the time. Look, we've been talking here for about 10 minutes and I've farted five times." "Hmm," says the Doctor, as he picks up his pad and writes out a prescription. 

The patient is thrilled "Thank you Doc. This prescription, will it really clear up my farts?" "No," sighs the Doctor, "The prescription is to clear your sinuses, it stinks like a fermented diaper in here. 

Next week I want you back here for a hearing test." 




Flatulence refers to the passage of rectal gas. The gas is generally a combination of swallowed air and gas produced by the action of colon bacteria on undigested carbohydrates.

The primary components of gas  are five odorless gases: nitrogen, hydrogen, carbon dioxide, methane, and oxygen. The characteristic smelly odor is attributed to trace gases such as skatole, indole, and sulfur-containing compounds. 

The flammable character of flatus is caused by hydrogen and methane. The proportions of these gases depend largely on the bacteria that live in the human colon that digest, or ferment, food that has not been absorbed by the gastrointestinal (GI) tract before reaching the colon. 



If the body does not digest and absorb some carbohydrates (for example, the sugar, starches, and fiber found in many foods) in the small intestine because of a shortage or absence of certain enzymes there, this undigested food then passes from the small intestine into the large intestine, where normal, harmless bacteria break down the food, producing hydrogen, carbon dioxide, and, in about a third of all people, methane.


Carbonated drinks can cause bloating because the carbon dioxide bubbles they contain foster the formation of gas.

Most foods that contain carbohydrates can cause gas. By contrast, fats and proteins cause little gas. Rice is the only starch that does not cause gas. Carbohydrates are the biggest culprits when it comes to gas producers because they’re made up of polysaccharides, which have long chains of difficult-to-digest sugars.

Some of the starches in wheat, oats, potatoes, and, to a lesser extent, corn, all may reach the colon. These starches, therefore, may result in the production of appreciable amounts of gas.

 Many foods contain soluble and insoluble fiber. Soluble fiber dissolves easily in water and takes on a soft, gel-like texture in the intestines. Found in oat bran, beans, peas, and most fruits, soluble fiber is not broken down until it reaches the large intestine, where digestion causes gas. 

Insoluble fiber, on the other hand, passes essentially unchanged through the intestines and produces little gas. Wheat bran and some vegetables contain this kind of fiber.

Flatulence and wind are symptoms related to gas in the gastrointestinal (GI) system. 'Flatulence' usually refers to gas passed per rectum. 'Wind' as a symptom may mean either belching (gas passed from the stomach outwards via the mouth) or gas passed per rectum (or even just feeling bloated). 'Eructation' is another term for belching.

The body needs to get rid of the build-up by farting (flatulence) or burping (belching).



Belching or burping is your body's way of expelling excess air from your stomach. It's a normal reflex caused by swallowing air. You may swallow excess air if you eat or drink too fast, talk while you eat, chew gum or suck on hard candies, drink carbonated beverages, or smoke. 



Some people swallow air as a nervous habit — even when they're not eating or drinking. In other cases, chronic belching may be related to inflammation of the stomach lining (gastritis) or to an infection with Helicobacter pylori, the bacteria responsible for some stomach ulcers.  



Belching may signal a more serious upper GI disorder such as peptic ulcer disease, gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD), or gastroparesis. Because bacteria are largely responsible for the production of hydrogen, an increase in exhaled hydrogen as measured by the breath test will suggest a food intolerance, with the bacteria fermenting the undigested food to produce excess gas. After the patient eats a problem food, breath testing should show an increase in hydrogen in as little as 2 hours.

 Drink before meals. If you drink liquids with your meals, you lose stomach acids and then can’t break down the foods as well


Gas which accumulates in the right upper portion of the colon can lead to pain which could seem like gallbladder pain. Gas which accumulates in the left upper portion of the colon can radiate up to the chest and seem like cardiac pain.



This is a true incident witnessed by my friend nearly 36 years ago.
One old man was standing in a crowded tram enroute from Kidderpore to Dharamtalla.
His ass was a level with a fat lady’s face who occupied the aisle seat .
He let go a silent dangerous fart, and the woman’s nose was just 6 inches off.
She wrinkled her nose and protested “ This is NOT good !”
It happened 2 more times – the old man farting and the fat woman poking him viciously on the ribs and telling him “ This is NOT good !”

When it happened again , the old man turned around and told the fat lady- “ LISTEN , I CANT DO ANY BETTER , SO YOU MIGHT AS WELL STOP POKING ME ON MY RIBS !”



Some carbohydrates cannot be digested by the enzymes in the small intestine and reach the colon where bacteria metabolize them to hydrogen and carbon dioxide gasses. Examples of such food are bran, cabbage, cauliflower, broccoli, and beans. This can result in excess flatulence in some patients. 

Many patients experience abdominal cramps, bloating and flatulence when they ingest A1 humpless cow milk, certain cheeses or ice cream because they lack the enzyme (lactase) which is required to digest milk sugars (lactose). This condition, called lactose intolerance, is common in India. 



Foods that contain fiber, sugars, and starches that don't get digested and absorbed, eventually causing intestinal gas when they are finally broken down in the large intestine. 

Avoid artificial sweeteners. Sorbitol and related sugar alcohols used in many sugar-free versions of foods can also aggravate gas as they are digested by gut bacteria which ferment and release gas. 



People who are lactose intolerant are unable to digest lactose, the sugar that is found in milk and milk products. Many people  normally have low levels of the enzyme lactase needed to digest lactose after childhood. Also, as people age, their enzyme levels decrease.



Beans contain large amounts of the complex sugar known as raffinose. Most starches (potatoes, corn, noodles, and wheat) produce gas as they are broken down in the large intestine.

If a person is constipated or has decreased bowel function for any reason, flatulence can follow.

Alterations in bowel habits can be a result of the following:-
Poor dietary fiber
Parasites
Inflammatory bowel disease
Intestinal obstruction (including cancer)
Diverticulosis or diverticulitis
Poor thyroid function
Narcotic and other drug use

If fart odor is a great concern, then help is at hand—you can line your as$hole area with activated  charcoal filter undergarments.




Flatulence (passing intestinal gas) prevents gas from accumulating in the intestines.  There are two other ways in which gas can escape the intestine.



First, it can be absorbed across the lining of the intestine into the blood. The gas then travels in the blood and ultimately is excreted in the breath. Have you ever wondered why some people have sh#t breath?



Second, gas can be removed and used by certain types of bacteria within the intestine. In fact, most of the gas that is formed by bacteria in the intestines is removed by other bacteria in the intestines



The amount of gas that bacteria produce varies from individual to individual. In other words, some individuals may have bacteria that produce more gas, either because there are more of the bacteria or because their particular bacteria are better at producing gas.



There may be poor digestion and absorption of foods in the small intestine, allowing more undigested food to reach the bacteria in the colon. The more undigested food the bacteria have, the more gas they produce. 


Examples of diseases of that involve poor digestion and absorption include lactose intolerance, pancreatic insufficiency, and celiac disease.




Bacterial overgrowth can occur in the small intestine. Under normal conditions, the bacteria that produce gas are limited to the colon. In some conditions, these bacteria spread into the small intestine. When this bacterial spread occurs, food reaches the bacteria before it can be fully digested and absorbed by the small intestine. 



Therefore, the bacteria in the small intestine have a lot of undigested food from which to form gas. This condition in which the gas-producing bacteria move into the small intestine is called bacterial overgrowth of the small intestine (bowel).






What's the definition of bravery?





A gal with diarrhea chancing a fart!





What do you get if you eat beans and onions?

Tear Gas.




A woman walks into a restaurant and takes a seat. As she bends down to reach into her purse for her wallet, she farts loudly, with the waiter right behind her. 

Shocked, she sits back up abruptly, glares at the waiter and shouts "Stop That!" 

To which the Waiter replies "Sure, Which Way Did It Go?




SMART PICK UP LINE :   Hey, somebody just farted. Let's get out of here. 





Severe constipation or fecal impaction (hardened stool in the rectum) also can obstruct the flow of the intestinal contents and result in distention. In this case, however, the bloating/distention usually is constant and progressive and is relieved by bowel movements or removal of the impacted stool.

A functional obstruction is not caused by an actual physical blockage, but rather by the poor functioning of the muscles of the stomach or intestines that propel the intestinal contents. When these muscles are not working normally, the intestinal contents will accumulate and distend the abdomen.

Examples of functional obstruction include:---

gastroparesis (paralysis of the stomach) of diabetes;
chronic intestinal pseudo-obstruction, an unusual condition in which the muscles of the small intestine do not work normally; and
Hirschsprung's disease, in which a small stretch of colonic muscle does not contract normally due to missing nerves.


Little Johnny kept disrupting his third grade class by letting loud farts, so his teacher kept him after school. When she insisted on knowing why he exhibited such offensive behaviour, he said, "I do it because I can do it better than anybody and I'm very proud of that fact."

"If I show you that I can do it better, will you stop?"

He agreed, so the teacher placed two pieces of paper on the floor with identical piles of chalk dust on each one. Little Johnny dropped his pants, squatted down, farted and blew all but a tiny little speck of dust off the paper.

Then, the teacher dropped her panties, lifted her skirt, squatted down and farted. But, when she was done, there wasn't a trace of chalk dust left on the paper. Little Johnny was astonished and asked if he could see her do it again.

She was willing, and as she repeated the process, Little Johnny peeked up underneath her skirt, and remarked, "No wonder you won - you have a Double-Barrel!"




Some people are hypersensitive to distention of their intestines, and they may feel bloated even with normal amounts of digesting food, gas, and fluid in the intestine after a meal.  The bloating may progress to distention if the meal contains substantial amounts of fat, perhaps because fat slows the transit of gas and digesting food through the stomach and small intestine.



If the bloating/distention is continuous rather than intermittent, then enlargement of abdominal organs, abdominal fluid, tumors, or obesity are probable causes. If the bloating/distention is associated with increased flatulence, then bacteria and excessive gas production are likely factors.

If a diet history reveals the consumption of large amounts of milk or dairy products (lactose), sorbitol or fructose, then the maldigestion and malabsorption of these sugars may be the cause of the distention.   

People with distention problems must maintain a diary—and this must include how many times they farted and at what times.  You can only record it when you are awake as when you sleep you fart too.



Simple X-rays of the abdomen, particularly if they are taken during an episode of bloating or distention, often can confirm air as the cause of the distention since large amounts of air can be seen easily within the stomach and intestine. Moreover, the cause of the problem may be suggested by noting where the gas has accumulated. For example, if the air is in the stomach, emptying of the stomach is likely to be the problem.





I reckon it is prime time, to punch into Google search-

WORD FOR EVERY OCCASION VADAKAYIL



X-rays of the small intestine, in which barium is used to fill and outline the small intestine, are particularly useful for determining if there is an obstruction of the small intestine.
Imaging studies, including ultrasound examination, computerized tomography (CT), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI), are particularly useful in defining the cause of distention that is due to enlargement of the abdominal organs, abdominal fluid, and tumor.



Bloating may be related to:---

Eating fatty foods, which can delay stomach emptying and make you feel uncomfortably full
Drinking carbonated beverages or eating gassy foods
Eating too quickly, drinking through a straw, chewing gum or sucking on candies, resulting in swallowing air
Stress or anxiety
Smoking
A gastrointestinal infection, blockage or disease
Irritable bowel syndrome, a condition characterized by abdominal pain or cramping and changes in bowel function
Conditions such as celiac disease or lactose intolerance in which the intestines aren't able to digest and absorb certain components of food 



To reduce bloating, it may help to avoid or reduce the amount of gas-producing foods you eat. 

Many carbohydrates cause gas, and the following items are common culprits:---

Beans
Broccoli
Cabbage
Carbonated drinks
Cauliflower
Chewing gum
Fruits, such as apples, peaches and pears
Hard candy
Lettuce
Milk and milk products
Onions
Sugar alcohols found in sugar-free foods (sorbitol, mannitol and xylitol)
Whole-grain foods




Other sources of intestinal gas may include:--

Food residue in your colon
Changes in intestinal bacteria due to antibiotics or other medications
Poor absorption of carbohydrates, which can upset the balance of helpful bacteria in your digestive system
Swallowed air that moves to your colon
Constipation, since the longer food waste remains in your colon, the more time it has to ferment
Sometimes, gas indicates a digestive disorder, such as irritable bowel syndrome or lactose intolerance.




Everyone farts daily. A certain amount of gas is present in the GI tract at any one time, mainly in the stomach and colon. 


The average person passes gas about 10 times each day and up to 15 times is considered normal.  


Westerners who eat heavy red meat / steaks fart ( killer ) about 25 times daily - and this is normal fo them.    More than that may be excessive.   




In general, avoid overeating because this contributes to flatulence as well as obesity.  The volume and composition of gas depends both on diet and on colonic flora.




Constipation should be treated with increased dietary fiber..



Carbon dioxide for the most part is absorbed very quickly in the body so that tends not to be much of a problem. Oxygen is a very low component of intestinal gas. So we're usually dealing with methane, hydrogen, and nitrogen gas causing most of the GI distress.

Below: Here is ROKKAD ka proof !



Below: Hole in the ozone layer !


The humpless western cow is a glutton.  These cows must be fed grass, as god meant them to .  Right now they are forcefed with a predominantly corn and oil cake based diet which causes them to spew global warming , greenhouse gas methane farts.







People with irritable bowel syndrome (IBS) are likely to produce a greater volume of gas than people who do not have IBS.     IBS is also associated with a positive lactulose breath test (a test that assesses the amount of fermented gas generated by bacteria in the bowel) and an increase in gas-related symptoms.   Diets low in fermentable carbohydrate can reduce flatulence in IBS.





Today the whole medical world is repeating what I wrote in my post below- it is about FARTING .

Punch into Google search-
THE HUMAN APPENDIX, THE MISUNDERSTOOD ORGAN  VADAKAYIL

Till this post  ( above ) was published , the ENTIRE medical fraternity declared in writing that the human appendix is a useless appendage.

 I started off on the premise that-

1) GOD is NOT stupid
2) The human body is PERFECT.

Today all of them are repeating what I said in my post ( first on this planet to say so ) – without giving credits.

In my 840 odd posts there are more than 300 FIRST TIME UTTERANCES (  major scoops  ) ON THIS PLANET.    

Today all pretenders are claiming it for themselves .




Some foods cannot be absorbed, meaning that they pass from the intestines to the colon without first being digested. The colon contains a large number of bacteria that then break down the food, releasing gases as they do so.



When you feel like farting, you must know that there is only one way out and it has to be done soonest.  The gas has to come out some way, and it’s only going to build up and get worse if you hold it in.



Dairy products contain lactose, and some people have a hard time digesting this type of sugar. Undigested lactose can ferment in the intestines, a breeding ground for excess gas. 





Try eating lactose-containing products in small amounts, with other food, to help with digestion.



Fibre is a digestion ally but it's also a gas offender.   It helps your body break down and digest the food you eat, reducing the risk of constipation which can lead to gas.   However, because of the way that soluble fibre (oats, beans, fruits) is digested, it can cause gas on its own.   



Insoluble fibre, on the other hand, the kind found in vegetables and in wheat bran, produces little gas. Either way, add fibre to your diet gradually. Too much too quickly may lead to gas and abdominal bloating..




Keep in mind that everyone’s digestive system is different; some peoples’ systems struggle to break down certain foods while others can eat them without any problems.  Again insoluble fiber produces very little gas.


One of the primary causes of digestive problems in women 45 to 55 years of age is hormonal imbalance.   Menopausal gas and indigestion are often brought on by the natural slow down of the gastrointestinal tract’s processes as a woman ages.



Men and women experience digestive disorders in middle age because their digestive systems are no longer as efficient at absorbing vitamins and nutrients from the food they eat. 



This coupled with the poor diets ( processed foods infused with chemical preservatives ) that we consume is a sure-fire recipe for gassiness



Get rid of bloating by cutting out fizzy sodas  and foods that cause wind.  Sit down to eat and chew slowly.



Walk 5 km daily and do  regular exercise.



Kiss that bad fart goodbye !





SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS EXCEEDED 200,  CLICK ON LOAD MORE TO SEE THE BALANCE COMMENTS !

Due to "some reason" , the LOAD MORE button is inoperative --  The comments in this post is closed !!

#####################


Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 13, 2014 at 6:52 PM
IMPORTANT-- IMPORTANT--IMPORTANT !

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO GO THROUGH THE POST BELOW-

Being silent does NOT help!

http://www.dnaindia.com/entertainment/report-satyamev-jayate-smear-campaign-2nd-suspect-traced-in-udaipur-2025484

Let me lay down the ground rules:-
1) TELLING THE TRUTH IS NOT DEFAMATION/ HATE SPEECH .
2) OUR CONSTITUTION ALLOWS FREE SPEECH ESPECIALLY WHEN THE HONOUR OF BHARATMATA IS INVOLVED.

What really transpired ?

QUOTE : "In the first part, a malicious blog was written through which negative publicity of the show was done. In that case, we traced the suspect Ajit Vadakayil, 58, a retired captain of the merchant navy from Kerala. Vadakayil admitted to have written the alleged post in 2010-11. He also claimed that he had done some research on the issue before posting it on social media. However, he later realised that his research was wrong and regretted having written the post. Vadakayil was arrested in April and a chargesheet was filed against him.": UNQUOTE

above is not true !

It is our family custom that our PITRU PAKSHA and SHRADDH we donate free breakfast/ lunch / dinner to any LARGE orphanage / govt hospital / mental home .

So this time we decided to donate to HUMANITY TRUST of SATYAMEVA JAYATE – the TV show run by Aamir Khan.

On searching for the Internet donation site , we found HUMANITY TRUST DOT COM.

On checking out what this trust does it was found that this Islamic organization builds Madrassas / Mosques etc.

I checked out the first FIVE pages of google search—and did NOT find any other organization with the same name , as FAKE sites swindle money on the Internet .

Later SMJ clarified that their donation trust is HUMANITY TRUST DOT ORG.( not dot COM )

Now if I or any other man on this planet , were in the shoes of AAMIR KHAN we would be happy , right?

WHY IS AAMIR KHAN FURIOUS ?

What is the catch?

If anybody does NOT agree with me the time to tell is now !

This HUMANITY TRUST DOT “ORG” DID NOT COME UP ON THE PAGES ON ANY INTERNET SEARCH ENGINE EVEN A YEAR AFTER MY FIRST SEARCH .

Yes, I called him NAUTANKIWALLAH ( for crying in every episode ).

But then in PURE Hindi this word alludes to ACTOR.

During the Narmada Andolan , Aamir Khan’s movie FANAA was stuck, and almost every politician in India came on TV and called Aamir Khan a NAUTANKIWALLAH –and declared they do NOT want a Nautankiwallajh to save India. Aamir Khan did NOT get angry , probably the politicians were hard targets.

I had said a few unsavory truths about KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR selling coke one year and pepsi the next year .

All my posts have SAILOR LANGUAGE – as I have been a sailor for 4 decades and in command of ships for 30 years –in fact I hold the world record as a ship captain.

My blogsite is:-- ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com.

My blogsite does NOT make any money— I do NOT allow advertisements, though I can make a fortune by doing so. .

There are many other sites using variants like ajitvadakayil1 / ajitvadakayil2/ ajitvadakayilmyson etc .

Some of them make money using my name , by allowing advertisements.

I knew of all this through my readers .

IF I WERE AAMIR KHAN I WOULD BE FURIOUS !

Why should I be furious when some one tells me that a DUPLICATE site is making money on my FAIR NAME ?

THIS IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION !

THIS IS WHY I STARTED THIS BLOGSITE—TO TEACH “PERCEPTION” TO THE GOOD DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET.

I ask my readers?

Is the police force allowed to be a BOUNCER for a TV programme ?

By NO means is a person who files an FIR , FIIRRRRSSSSTTTTT the winner in a court case.

Are we Indians still slaves ?

And in my blog post, I have clearly mentioned that I am a fan of Aamir Khan , and I even put a full GHAJINI song .

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ4M_AH465Y

I still enjoy this song, maybe my mind is FREE without MALICE .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete







Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 13, 2014 at 7:16 PM
I WOULD LIKE ONE OF MY READERS TO POST THE COMMENT ABOVE ON NARENDRA MODIs WEBSITE !

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Below: Me doing shradh rites for my dead mother , a few days ago.  
We fed a large orphanage --  
the fare for breakfast / lunch / dinner was so good , that they invited orphans who flew the nest and got high paying jobs-- like senior police officers / lawyers / doctors etc.  
They wanted to know who the donor is--  
well it is ANONYMOUS .-- 
we do not KISS AND TELL
*********************************************************************
KING VALI AND QUEEN TARA OF RAMAYANA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DHARAM PURUSH  LORD RAMA HID BEHIND A TREE AND SHOT AN ARROW AT KING VALI , SUGRIVA ,  VIRTUOUS AND CHASTE QUEEN TARA



The Mahabharata is the best book ever written on this planet.   

No book written in future can ever surpass the Mahabharata , a well recorded event which happened 6000 year ago in India, when Lord Vishnu was born on earth as Lord Krishna avatar.

In the Ramayana , Lord Vishnu was born on earth as Lord Rama .

Ram was a DHARAM PURUSH –meaning he could do nothing wrong , a man of high character and supreme conduct. 




LORD RAM ABANDONING HIS PREGNANT WIFE SITA , IS A FAKE BACKDATED STORY WRITTEN BY THE WHITE INVADER .  



IN THE ORIGINAL RAMAYANA WRITTEN BY VALMIKI , RAM RETURNS TO AYODHYA WITH SITA TO A TUMULTOUS WELCOME  .




NOBODY HEARD OF TULSIDAS WHO WROTE ABOUT SITA AGNIPARIKSHA , HER TWIN CHILDREN LUV/ KUSH etc ,  TILL THE IMMORAL LYING WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA .  



However there is a blot on his high moral standards , when he hid behind a tree to kill King Vali of Kerala .  Vali’s wife was the chaste queen Tara , surpassing even Sita in being an ideal woman in Sanatana Dharma.   

The white invader tried to make virtuous Tara, a opportunistic whore .

Tara would by the power of her chastity and righteousness curse Lord Rama , when her husband Vali died in her arms --that her husband Vali would kill him in his next birth. 



Lord Rama would smile when Tara cursed him, as he knew this was exactly the way things were meant to transpire.  Everything was going as per the original divine plan.


Vali could NOT be killed in single combat from the front, due to a boon . Lord Rama being god could have VETOED this boon any time , but in Sanatana Dharma such things do NOT happen . 




King Vali was a Vanara ( mountain forest denizen ) who ruled the Kingdom of Kishkindha , the entire Western ghats of Kerala.   This has been subverted to Nara ( human ) and  Vanara (monkey)  by the white invader and his fake mutts .

VANAM is forest in Sanskrit and Malayalam.  TAPOVAN is a place deep in the forest when Maharishis did severe penances, next to a waterbody . Water holds memory.

Vali would take birth as a hunter Jara and kill Lord Krishna ( next birth of Rama ) by shooting an arrow under his foot.  Krishna would sit on a tree awaiting this arrow of destiny,  which would end Vishnu’s  eight incarnation on earth.





There is only one more pocket of spirituality on this planet , other than India    — and that is Bali ( named after King Vali ).

Bali with several ancient Hindu temples , is a well known tourist destination for the West, fed up of SINGLE HOLY BOOK/  SINGLE MESSIAH religions and seeking the tranquility of spirituality.

Punch into Google search-

HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE VADAKAYIL



After the great Kuruskhetra war , that  nearly destroyed humankind and humanity alike, the battle field lay still !   The battle was over , and the vast field lay blood soaked and strewn with bodies of kings, princes and soldiers .

There was no mood for hip-hip huzzah among the surviving Pandava  army. Most stood sullen and stunned by the gruesome bloody scene . They were devastated at the destruction that a single war had caused.

Stunned and speechless, they scanned the battle field to check out for survivors among the lifeless.  Gandhari with her blind fold still in place was crying over her dead sons.  

She was rambling in extreme grief , her speech slurred. “Duryodhana , my son , open your eyes. speak to me my first born…A hundred did we bear, all fine and proud. Was it for such a foolish end? Her husband, the blind king Dritharashtra stood by, looking lost.

The Pandavas and Krishna hurried over to Gandhari and Dritharashtra, to offer their respects, apologies and condolences.  Sanjaya, the king’s escort, gently bent down to Gandhari, to inform the blindfolded woman of the arrival of the Pandavas and Krishna. 

Chaste Gandhari's grief turned to a burning rage .
  
She went up to Krishna and screamed .  The Pandavas recoiled in fear.  Gandhari cried out to Krishna “You, who I worshipped as Vishnu and You, known as an avatar of the supreme godhead. Aren’t you ashamed of your doings?   Could you not have averted this war with your divine will and power?  Is this how you answer my prayers?  Ask your mother, Devaki, the pain of losing a child. She had seven of her children being killed at birth and now I have seen a hundred sons of mine being butchered to death” .

Krishna smiled .

She now vented her steam “ Oh mocking god , If my years of Vishnu bhakthi have been true, and if I have been true to my husband with this blindf, then, may you die in 36 years from today. May Dwaraka be flooded , may every one of your Yadava kin perish by killing each other, just as you made the kins of Kuru kill one another.  May the Yadavas perish “

Suddenly the gravity of her words dawned on her .  She has indeed been true to her devotion to Vishnu and to her blindfold . Her curse would take effect .  Her anger vapourised and she fell at Krishna’s feet for forgiveness .

Krishna smiled and gently lifted her up.  

He whispered “ Oh mother , your curse will take effect, not only because of your true devotion towards me and your husband, but also due to the ever changing sands of time.  In the mean time, let’s attend to the tending of the dead and sending them away on their journey to the heavens.” Lord Krishna walked past the stunned Pandavas.

After the war was over Krishna was himself contemplating the end of the snooty Yadav race. They were very powerful under the protection of lord Krishna so no external force could defeat them.  If the Yadavas were unharnessed , they will become a burden to the planet. 

Krishna realized the gravity of the situation and the importance of bringing the destruction of his own beloved race.  Gandhari’s curse came at the right time as if on divine cue.

Days flew by after the coronation of Yudhishtra as the king of Hasthinapur. Krishna went back to Dwaraka to rule over the prosperous kingdom.  Slowly but steadily the the curse of Gandhari bore fruit.

The pompous Yadavas shed their conduct, morals, scruples and humility.  One incident sealed their fate. Some great sages were on pilgrimage and they stopped by at Dwarka to meet Krishna and Balarama.

The Yadavas, which included Bhodakas, Vrishnis, Kekeyas and Andakas, were now  at the peak of wanton uncouth behavior.   

A bunch of Yadava boys decided to tease the learned sages.  They dressed Samba, the handsome son of Krishna  as a woman and tied pillows on his stomach to make the woman look pregnant.

They approached the sages and asked them to predict whether the 'lady' would give birth to a boy or a girl.  The dismayed sages saw through this charade and were shocked at this lack pf respect.  In anger, on of the sages cursed them saying that the disguised boy will give birth to a lump of iron which will destroy the entire Yadava race.



The Yadavas, again showed extreme disrespect and responded with sarcasm, instead of an apology.
There was a pall of fear and impending doom the next day when Krishna’s son Sambha developed labour pains and soon delivered an iron mace . They immediately rushed with the mace to Akroora and Ugrasena and in the presence of Krishna himself; they narrated the weird tide of events.

 Krishna knew the events which would transpire in future , and kept quiet. Seeing Krishna silent , Akroora cried “Grind the mace to a fine powder and cast it into the ocean.” The Yadavas nodded and ran to comply.

Akroora looked with intent at Krishna, his eyes full of questions.  Krishna simply smiled back. “Uncle, the Kala Chakra is now in motion . Sambha has played his part perfectly.”

He left without another word, leaving both of them bewildered.

“What did he mean by that?” asked Ugrasena. “I can tell you that, father.” Ugrasena turned around to the source of voice - Rukmini. “Thirty six year ago, Krishna prayed to Shiva for a son like him—a god of destruction -does that mean anything?”

The time for chaste Gandari’s curse to take effect had arrived.



Gandhari was terrified of the dark as a small girl .  When grand sire Bhishma brought the alliance of blind King Dhritarashtra , her brother Shakuni who loved her a lot, was unable to stop it.   Elders were respected those days .  



Gandhari blindfolded herself , though she would die a thousand deaths every moment of her life.  Even when she was taken to her dead children on the Kurukshetra battle field  after the war, she still did NOT remove her blindfold for a last look.



Outside the palace, the Yadavas had obeyed Akroora’s command and they ground the iron mace into fine powder—except for a stubborn triangular piece looking like an arrow head. 




It was too hard to grind . 




The Yadavas threw everything into the sea.

The fear disappeared and they went back to their wanton and rowdy behavior . They started to drink heavily and were intoxicated throughout the day.  Time rolled by. The triangular piece of the mace was swallowed by a fish. 

The fish was caught by a hunter, who upon finding the piece in the fish’s entrails immediately used it to craft a fine poisonous arrow.



The fine powder, on the other hand, washed back ashore and deposited itself by the beautiful coast of Dwaraka. A certain sharp serrated grass grew in lush abundance in the area where the powder was deposited. 

Everything was set and in place for the final showdown.



After 36 years of Mahabharat war, evil omen started to appear in the Dwaraka city.  




The Sudarshana chakra, Panchajanya shankh, the chariot of lord Krishna and the plough weapon of Balarama just disappeared from the face of the earth.   




One day, the Yadavas gathered on the beach. The liquor that they drank made them lose their senses completely.

They started teasing one another, bringing up the gory pasts and gruesome mistakes of each other.  Satyaki and Krithavarma acted as the starting points of the doom of Dwaraka.  Satyaki had fought on Pandava’s side in the battle of Kurukshetra and Krithavarma, on the Kaurava side. 

They taunted one another, bringing back memories of the horrific war where the Pandavas cheated against the rules of war , aided and abetted by Krishna. 
  
Old Bhurishravas, was one of the 11 commanders of the Kaurava army.

When Bhurishravas was about to behead Satyaki, in FAIR one on one battle, Arjuna from behind severed Bhurishravas' arm with an arrowin a FOUL manner against the rules of war.

Bhurishravas totally shocked by the foul deed ,from a great warrior like Arjuna , laid down his weapons, and sat in the lotus posture to meditate in the thick of Mahabharata battle , 6000 year ago..
Satyaki was equal to Arjuna in fighting merit and was also a surgeon. 

He had fainted in fright , emerged from his swoon and swiftly decapitated his old Bhurishravas from behind --against all DHARMA .

In a fit of rage, Satyaki, jumped on Krithaverma and cut his head off.  The friends of Krithavarma pounced on Satyaki and a great mass brawl followed.  Pradyumna, the son of Krishna, innocent though he was, found himself in the thick of the fight and was killed.  As they have come to the sea shore for a pleasure, they did not carry any weapons along with them.
  
They saw the long grown sharp serrated grass in abundance along the sea shore. They picked up the grass stems and beat and killed each other. The whole area was soaked in red blood. Those grass stems are nothing but blades made of the powder of the same lump of Iron born to Samba. 

The curse of saints had borne fruit. Each blade of grass became a mace, smashing into the Yadavas, killing them instantly. Except Krishna, all Yadavas were killed. Krishna’s charioteer Daruka and another one called Babhru only survived. 



They both approached Sri Krishna and said: “O Krishna! All Yadavas were killed. Whereabouts of Balarama are not known. It is better to search for him.” 

Balarama was in deep meditation under a tree. Seeing this, Krishna told Daruka, ““O Daruka! you immediately go to Hastinapura and inform Dharmaja about the mass massacre of Yadavas and bring Arjuna here. He will look after everything.” said Krishna. 

Accordingly, Daruka rushed towards Hastinapura in a chariot. Krishna went to the place where Balarama was sitting and said “O brother Balarama! I will sit in meditation along with you.”
   


But there was no reply from Balarama. A long spiral smoke type serpent came out of the face of Balarama. Balarama had just left this mortal body.  His soul travelled into the sky through the sea. As Balarama was the incarnation of Adi Sesha, Naga community welcomed back Balarama.  Balarama attained moksha and  joined Vishnu at Vaikuntam .
  



Krishna knew that the time for him to shed his earthly avatar had come. Krishna knew the only way for someone to kill him was by wounding his foot.  He remembered the curse of Maharishi Durvasa, which left his foot vulnerable. 

Krishna laid down under a tree and went into Yoga Samadhi.  At that time a hunter Jara entered that forest. That hunter misunderstood the moving foot of Krishna as a lurking deer and shot a lethal arrow that pierced into Krishna’s feet.
  
 As soon as the hunter reached Krishna, he realised his mistake and pleaded the lord for forgiveness. Lord Krishna consoles him and tells him how his death was inevitable and things are going as per divine plan . 

Krishna says that in his previous birth as Lord Rama , Rama killed Vali (Sugreeva's brother) from behind. So, Krishna has now reaped the price for the same through Jara who was king Vali in his previous birth.

Such was the Dharma thatt, even for the Ruler of the Universe, the laws of Karma remain the same. Hence, lord Krishna left the mortal world.  The time from which lord Krishna died is considered to be worst time of Kaliyuga.   Daruka, sent by Sri Krishna, met Pandavas and informed them about the tragic deaths.

On hearing this, Pandavas plunged into great grief. After taking suitable instructions from Dharmaja, Arjuna reached Dwarka.  Dwarka was destined to be flooded  within seven days of Krishna’s death; hence, Arjuna decided to  take the survivors to Indraprastha. 

Krishna's father left for heavenly abode while being in deep meditation. Arjuna performed the last rites for Krishna and his kinsman. All the ladies and children started moving towards Indraprastha along with Arjuna.



As the people walked away from the Dwaraka city, and they looked back for the last time, the city sank into the sea.




On the way, some thieves of saw that only one man with a bow accompanied the ladies. They tried to rob them. Arjuna who was once a very great archer, found it very difficult to even lift his bow.  When he tried to invoke his Divya astras, he forgot all those mental passwords to arm his arrows.. 




The thieves killed many people and kidnapped some beautiful women. Some of the ladies including the wives of Krishna and Balarama self immolated.  This was NOT Sati. 



Arjuna unable to even protect the women arrived at Hastinapur in a most dejected condition, not wishing to live anymore.  The Pandavas visited sage VedaVyasa and narrated the Yadavas destruction,   Krishna's death and Arjuna’s inability to save the Yadava women. The sage consoled the Pandavas and told them that their purpose on the earth is served.

The Pandavas coroneted Parikshit and embarked on their final journey towards the Himalayas with Draupdai . A dog followed them .  Krishna participated in the Kurukshethra battle only after Arjuna and Duryodana themselves voluntarily came to seek his help in Dwaraka. Matters so transpired that he gave his mighty Narayani sena to Duryodana and became a charioteer to Arjuna.

 In the Mahabharat war of 4000 BC,  the finest flower of chivalry and heroism perished in the flames of war in a matter of eighteen days.   Pandavas were guilty of over drive, of course aided by Lord Krishna.  They had no honour left and were having nightmares during sleep.  It was Lord Krishna himself who advised them to seek the blessing of Lord Shiva.




Above:  Arjuna can be seen restraining Krishna from attacking grand sire Bheeshma against the rules of the war.  Bheeshma was killed by Arjuna by firing his arrows over the shoulders of Shikandi .  Bheeshma did NOT protect himself as he recognised Shikandi as Amba in re-birth. 

Amba had jumped into the fire as Bheeshma refused to marry her ( in her previous life ),  when insisted by Lord Parashurama.. This event is marked by the Sabarimala pilgrimage – this planet’s biggest pilgrimage , 55 million pilgrims in 2014. 



Upon the onset of the Kali yuga and the departure of Lord Krishna, Yudhisthira and his four brothers retired, leaving the throne to their only descendant to survive the war of Kurukshetra, Arjuna's grandson Parikshit. 

Below: King Parikshit putting a poisonous snake on Shamika rishi while in deep meditation.




King Parikshit who was killed by snake bite , was father of Emperor Jayameyjayan who built Kedarnath Temple in a grand manner . 



Giving up all their belongings and ties, the Pandavas and Draupadi , accompanied by a dog, made their final journey of pilgrimage to the Himalayas in search of Lord Shiva .




Meanwhile at Kedarnath a very healthy and good looking bull joined them.  Shiva has taken the form of the bull, as he was NOT happy with the Pandavas for their deceit during the war, and hence loathe to give them darshan. 

The Pandavas sort of had the gut feeling that the bull was Shiva in disguise.  Bhima as usual jumped the gun and tried to catch the bull by its tail.  Lord Shiva just disappeared into the ground, leaving the hump above the ground as a Lingam,  and a blazing fiery column of light sprouted. This is why only the Kedarnath Shiva Lingam is a sort of a  hump.




Digression:  While climbing the peaks, Draupadi and four of the Pandavas fell to their deaths, dragged down by the weight of their guilt for their enormous sins. 



Yudhisthira was the only one to reach the mountain peak, because he was unblemished by sin or untruth. The fact remains that he did deceive to kill his Guru Dronacharya, by using a loophole . He said Ashwatthama is dead alluding to an elephant , which was also the name of Dronacharya’s son. 

Dronacharya got down from his chariot in grief , sat down in meditative pose and he was beheaded from behind..


On reaching the top, Lord Indra asked Yuddhistra to abandon the dog before entering the Heaven, at Chorabari  Sarovar.   But Yudhisthira refused to do so, citing the dog's unflinching loyalty as a reason.  Once again it turned out that the dog was his father, Dharma.
  
Satyaki's grandson was one of stalwarts of the Indus valley civilization -- by which time river Saraswati had become non-perennial.



King Vali was a friend of King Ravana of his neighboringkingdom. If you read the Mahabharata and the Ramayana without pre-conceived notions you will find that the WINNER wrote history.

King Ravana was Lord Vishnu’s MOST DEAREST DEVOTEE and Lord Vishnu loved him. 

Ravana was NOT a bad man. King Ravana was a great devotee of Lord Shiva and Lord Shiva too loved him. Whatever happened was pre-ordained .

King Ravana was JAYA of the Jaya/ Vijaya duo ,  the gatekeepers of Vaikuntam , who were cursed by the four Sanatkumaras in being refused entry while Vishnu was sleeping ...  




Lord Shiva as Dakshinamurthy , the first Guru who had NO Guru - attuned the 4 Kumaras via silence in Turiya state.



Lord Vishnu took many avatars on earth to kill his favourite two gate keepers at Vaikunta Jaya and Vijaya , who were cursed by the four Kumaras for arrogance.  Lord Vishnu had to kill them so that they could come back to him as soon as spooible.

----  Third avatar as Varaha (the boar) to kill  Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ). 



-----  Fourth avatar  Narasimha (the human-lion) to kill Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya )—the great grandfather of Kerala asura King Mahabali.



----  Seventh avatar Lord Rama to kill Ravana ( Jaya ) and his brother Kumbhakarna ( Vijaya ). Rama also killed Kerala King Vali.



---- Eighth avatar Lord Krishna also to kill Banasura the powerful emperor and son of King Mahabali of Kerala.

Ravana did NOT have ten heads-- it was ten heads worth of knowledge . These are allegories.

Punch into Google search-

KING RAVANA OF RAMAYANA , HERO OR VILLIAN  VADAKAYIL .



The waitress and her inner coterie declared Lord Rama never existed, so that they can build the Sethusamudram canal—which would have washed away the entire thorium reserves of India in the next tsunami. 

The atheist Tamil EVR Periyarites even wanted to know which mechanical engineering college Lord Ram went to, to build bridges ..

The Koreans have been trying to adopt Ayodhya for a long time.

Wanna know the reason?

Punch into Google search-
THE KOREAN BRAHMINS, KIM HEO CLAN  VADAKAYIL

And if you want to see the amazing foundation of an ancient Ram Ayodhya temple under the ruins of Babri Masjid –

punch into Google search-

BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR  VADAKAYIL



The Ram Sethu project has been scrapped by Narendra Modi. 

Punch into Google search-

SCRAP THE SETHUSAMUDRAM PROJECT, NOW VADAKAYIL

I have already posted on the Vishnu avatars.

The initial Vishnu avatars are allegories woven as myths.  
   
They all brim with wisdom .

Punch into Google search-

VISHNU FIRST MATSYA AVATAR ,  AND 7.83 HERTZ FREQUENCY  VADAKAYIL

and

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR ,  TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL

and

VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA, OLDEST EXCAVATED IDOL OF THIS PLANET 32000 BC  VADAKAYIL

and

WHY KERALA DOES NOT CELEBRATE DIWALI OR DEEPAWALI VADAKAYIL






NOW LET ME NARRATE THE STORY OF VALI AND TARA AS PER RAMAYANA.

THOUSANDS OF POSTS ON THIS SUBJECT IS AVAILABLE ON THE INTERNET --  IN BOOKS AND DISCOURSES BY GURUS - ALL POISONED BULL . 





The Island of Bali, the last pocket of spirituality on this planet OUTSIDE India is named after King Vali. 

There are hundreds of grand and amazing temples in the far east showing the fight between Vali and his brother Sugriva with Lord Rama aiming an arrow from behind . 



All these temples have been made out by the immoral white historian as a few centuries old,  while most of them are more than 5000 years old.

Outside India Vali  is also known as Bali.. His other names include Indonesian: Subali,  Malay: Balya,  Yuan: Bari,  Thai: Phali,  Lao: Palichan and Khmer: 



TARA WAS BEAUTIFUL COMPARED WITH CELESTIAL NYMPH IN HER BEAUTY

The killing of Vali is THE most contested episode in the whole of Hindu literature, leave alone Ramayana literature.

The immoral white historian and his fake mutts painted virtuous Queen Tara as a wh0re. Tara was more beautiful and more virtuous that all the Hindu myth heroines like Sita, Ahalya, Mandodari, Kunti etc.  



Her beauty was so dazzling that some scriptures said that she was churned out of Samudra Manthan as a celestial apsara.  On top of this she was a most intelligent and  level headed statesperson , fit to be a revered Queen .



The white historian injected poison that when Vali was stuck in a cave and when Sugriva took over the Kingdom of Kishkinda ,  Tara shared Sugriva’s bed in addition to his own wife Ruma—a gruesome threesome sexual orgy. 

There were thousands of discussion as how in Hindusim it is permitted for the widow of a brother to have sexual intercourse with her dead husband’s brother. 



They gave bull, that after Vali died and Lakshmana went to meet King Sugriva after the monsoons to prepare to invade Lanka, no amount of knocking or banging on the bed room door , could make Sugriva open the door.   

After a long wait a inebriated Queen Tara opened the door in an semi nude dishevelled state with Sugriva lying drunk and naked on the bed,  which made Lakshman very angry.



BR Ambedkar , Mahatma Phule and EVR Periyar ridiculed the heroes and heroines of Hinduism.



EVR Periyar asked several times verbally and in writing- : Why do Hindus hold up a murderer like Ram who killed Vali from behind while hiding behind a tress as a role model MARYADA PURUSHOTTAM ?   



He smirked at stupid Hindus for considering a wh0re like Tara as a role model for chastity.




Almost every white skinned INDOPHILE is ignorant of Hinduism and most of them are wolves in sheep’s clothing.

Sanatana Dharma is just too great for their small petty minds ( example Wendy Doniger who is the dirt under my finger nail ).

Why do we do Namaste?

Below: Well, what do these recent single book, single messiah religions know?



By doing that we respect that small ball of energy in that person, the energy which was born billions of years ago along with the stars.  

A dead human cadaver has NO aura.



Energy can never be destroyed-it can only be transformed .  

Energy has a potential, it flows from higher potential to lower potential. These are profound truths  which have been ORDAINED by brahmAn.

This was well understood in Hinduism, thousands of years before the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC .   Most of the allegories in Sanatana Dharma deals with energy and cosmic forces .

The earthy avatars of Vishnu were REAL- like Rama, Krishna, Parashurama etc.   They have been woven into timeless myths in a most clever manner by great minds.


When Lord Rama shot an arrow from behind, just as Vali was about to smash Sugriva’s head on to a rock --with Sugriva crying out to Rama, -- SAVE ME !.

King Vali’s wife cradled her dying husband’s head in her lap and cried-

एन एव बाणेन हतः प्रियो मे तेन एव बाणेन हि माम् जहि हि |
हता गमिष्यामि समीपम् अस्य न माम् विना वीर रमेत वाली ||  
“Oh, brave one, kill me too with the same arrow with which you have killed my dear husband, and on getting killed at your hand I wish to reach his near, as my husband Vali takes no delight without me"

इति एवम् उक्तः तु विभुः महात्मा ताराम् समाश्वास्य हितम् बभाषे |
मा वीर भार्ये विमतिम् कुरुष्व लोको हि सर्वो विहितो विधात्रा ||    

"Thus that way when Tara spoke to that lord and great-souled Rama,  Rama consoling Tara well, spoke this word of expediency, “Oh, wife of valiant one, let not your mind go raving, the Creator decreed and pre-ordained the cosmos to be in this way, isn’t so!"

AND THEN LORD RAMA SHOWED HIS VISHWARUPAM TO THE DYING VALI , GIVING HIM INSTANT MOKSHA .




A God like Rama could kill Vali anytime,  despite the boon he had that anybody who fights with him in single combat will lose half his power which will be transferred to Vali.

But in Sanatana Dharma they are careful NOT to upset and boons and curses made by gods, demi-gods or even maharishis.

God Vishnu as Narasimha avatar could have killed Hinaryakashipu anytime – Gods hold the VETO power.

But Vishnu was careful NOT to upset the boon granted by Brahma.   Hiranyakashipu could not be killed by human, deva or animal. This is why the form of Narasimha was chosen as an avatar . 
Narasimha is neither one of these, as he is a form of Vishnu incarnate as a part-human, part-animal.   

Below: Dalit , Kancha Ilaiyah types will cry-- Hindu gods like to kill --SQUEAK - Well Kancha baby,  Hinduism was NOT created for you -- lay off !




He comes upon Hiranyakashipu at twilight (when it is neither day nor night) on the threshold of a courtyard (neither indoors nor out), and puts the demon on his lap (neither earth nor space). Using his nails (neither animate nor inanimate) as weapons, he disembowels and kills the demon.

Below: See the ecstasy below



I do NOT want CHOOTS ( mein prasad nahin khaaunga-- ghar lekhe jaungaa  types ) arguing why the lap is NOT earth or space . Their petty minds wont understand .

In Sanatana Dharma everything that happens due to the will of MEDIATOR Lord Vishnu.    If Rama would not kill Vali then Vali could not kill him in his next avatar as Krishna ( next incarnation.)

Queen Tara curses Rama by the power of her chastity ,  this proves her to be a chaste woman.  

This is the meaning of PERCEPTION – which the immoral white invader, the FAKE  shankaracharyas,  the wolves in sheeps clothing Indophiles  etc do NOT have .  

See in one sentence I have caught all of these PRETENDERS with their pants and dhotis down ..

The poison injection party tried to portray King Vali as a evil rapist. That he drove away his brother Surgriva and usurped his wife Ruma. That Vali kicked out his wife Tara from his bed and ravished an unwilling Ruma instead.

This is NONSENSE.

Tara was THE most beautiful woman in Hindu mythology.  It was discussed in our scriptures that only Samudra Manthan could have churned up a wonder woman celestial nymph Apsara type woman like her—surpassing even Ravana’s wife Mandodari in sheer beauty .

Surgriva usurped King Vali’s throne by deceit. 

He told everybody that his elder brother King Vali was dead. As soon as Sugriva heard that Vali is alive and on his way back to his palace and throne ( he heard a loud cheers  ) he ran for his life . 

This was NOT the time to be weighed down by his wife Ruma.  He ran away to a place Rishyamukha where King Vali could never go, due to a curse .  And King Vali knew that too. He did NOT send anybody to capture Sugriva .


Vali was previously cursed by Sage Matanga and hence cannot lay a foot on this piece of land. Doing so would cause his death.   Once when Vali defeated a powerful demon Dundhubhi, he picked him by his feet and whirled him around like a hammer throw, and the demon fell in the ashram of Rishi Matanga 6 kilometers away.  

Matanga was furious to be disturbed inhis meditation.  He  pronounced the following curse: “If whoever has sone this comes within six kilometers of my ashram, he will instantly die.  If his friends or supporters  come here, they will remain as stone statues for thousands of years.”

So as soon a Sugriva heard the cheers of the people welcoming Vali to the palace he ran to Rishyamukha.

King Vali did NOT rape Ruma – nor did he drive away his good wife Tara from his bed.  Vali treated Ruma like a queen giving her all comforts .

Once a powerful Rakshasa Mayavi was troubling his citizens . King Vali being a virtous king went alone to fight with this demon  . His brother Sugriva tagged along, and Vali never suspected foul play.  

As soon as the demon saw Vali coming, he knew that his time was up. As Vali held the boon that he would usurp half the demon’s power . Victory was certain. 

The demon ran into a dark cave to hide and  Vali went in . While the fight was going on, Sugriva causes and avalanche of huge boulders which blocked the cave mouth.  And then he ran back to the palace and told all that Vali was killed by the demon and before he died he shouted that Sugriva must be made king.  

The people of Kishkindha crowned Sugriva as their new king as per their beloved King Vali’s wishes-- despite the fact that Vali's and Tara's son was ready to be king.

But King Vali was very strong and resilient. 

He took a long time , and was weakened by lack of food and water, yet he came out of the dark cave. 

He then went to his palace , NOT imagining in his wildest dreams that his brother Sugriva had usurped his throne.  If Sugriva was alive, he would have helped him, right ?

Vali was worried about his missing brother Sugriva.  When Vali head from his wife Tara about this extreme deceit , he was most upset, that his own brother would do such a slimy thing to usurp the throne. 

But being a pious King he let things be .

Tara never ill treated Sugriva's wife Ruma.  

You must know that the same thing happened to king  Ravana too.  His brother Vibhishana deceived him, so that he could become king.



Ravana and Vali being kings of neighbouring Kingdoms were friends and allies. Together NO force on earth could defeat them . 

Vali was even more powerful than Ravana in combat and there are stories how once Vali defeated Ravana in a fair fight and tossed him around like a small fruit.




Sugriva met Rama and Lakshmana while in hiding. He gave cock and bull stories how bad brother Vali , snatched away his throne and his wife. 

Sugriva offered his army to fight Ravana , if he is re-instated on his throne to fight Ravana.  Rama knew that Ravana and Vali were friends and allies.  And he wanted the army of Sugriva to build a bridge to Lanka.  Hanuman told Rama to support Sugriva .



Vali was an evolved being . He did sandhya-vandana in the morning at the eastern ocean and gave arghya.  Similarly in the evening he would go to Western ocean and give arghya.  This is a sure indication that his palace was at the southern tip of the Western Ghats.

Sugriva was mortally afraid of his elder brother Vali . He was  full of doubts that Rama could kill him. He tells him many incredible stories of Vali's power.   As proof, he shows Rama a hole in a saal tree which Vali had made in one shot.   

Just to mollify him Rama makes a through a through hole through seven  saal trees in a row with one single arrow.  After going through the trees, the arrow made a strike on a huge rock and splintered it.   The arrow then returned back to Rama’s quiver .  



Sugriva was astonished and cried, "O Rama, you are great."  Sugriva greased up Rama “I have gained your friendship and I have no more use for fear or grief.  Slay Vali and save me.  Let us go to Kishkindha today.”

Rama asks Sugriva to challenge Vali and bring him outside Kishkindha.  As Rama explains later, for 14 years he cannot enter a city.  Moreover, Rama does not want any unnecessary bloodbath of Vali's army which would soon pass on to Sugriva .

Together, Sugriva and Rama went to seek out Vali.  While Rama stood back, Sugriva shouted a challenge, and dared him to battle.   The brothers rushed at each other, fighting furiously . Vali was stronger and was toying around.  Rama could NOT make out who is who , to get a clear shot.

Sugriva's counsellor Hanuman stepped forward and placed a garland of Gajapushpi  flowers around Sugriva's neck.  

Vali knew that this was a sign of deceit as his wife Tara had warned him that Sugriva does not have the balls to challenge him to a one on one fight.    



Vali has assured her that Sugriva was his own blood brother and he would only crush his ego, as punishment.

Vali now picked up Sugriva by his feet to smash his head  on a rock . Sugriva cried out in terror and Rama swiftly dispatched an arrow through Vali’s chest from behind., with the arrow head sticking out from front.  

Vali lay mortally wounded but NOT dead.  Tara came running and cradled Vali's head in her lap .




“Rama!”  Vali gasped . “How could you do this?  The gods had judged rightly in this matter, declaring me the victor—but you have now interfered with justice.   Who will now wear the badge of Maryada Purush  in this world, when you have thrown it away so lightly?”

“When I am not your enemy, why do you have to kill me.  I would have helped you to retrieve Sita from Ravana , without a fight ,  if you had only asked me”

“I was fighting with some other person and was not careful enough when you shot me.  In the end, O virtuous Rama, you have taken the life of a person who had done you no wrong,”

Rama realized that he was fooled by Sugriva. 

Tara cries “what use is my son, or kingdom, or my life to me when the great Vali my dear husband is dead”  “ O dear husband , this sharp arrow head is hindering me from embracing you”.

The lamentations of Tara and Sugriva, brought tears into the eyes of Rama.

Chaste Tara cursed Rama that in his next birth, he will be killed by Vali.

Tara was reputed for her levelheaded behavior. Her regard is so great that her counsel to Vali sometimes have a commanding tone. "a beautiful chaste woman of unusual intelligence, foresight , devotion and confidence”  is what the ancient scriptures say about Tara. . Her father was a Ayurvedic surgeon Sushena who gave her a virtuous upbringing .

Rama consoled a disconsolate Tara .

Tara had requested Rama to send her to her husband's place with the same arrow which killed him. Rama consoled her and said, "Wives of great heroes never sink into despair."



"You will get paramount appeasement as before, and your son will become the crown prince, God has ordained destiny only in that way. Wives of the valiant ones will not mourn emotionally."

Lord Rama said “O Vali, if you still feel that I have wronged you than I can give you back your life right now.”

When Rama showed Vali his vishwaroopam, Vali realized in an instant that Vishnu was moving in a pre-ordained manner  to liberate his beloved Jaya , the doorkeeper of Vaikunta ( Ravana )

Vali  cried “My dear Lord, I’ll get many lives, but a death like this when will I get again. To die in Your presence is the greatest fortune and it is a perfection of life. I seek only that I can behold Your face and die in your presence.”

Vali said that when someone has Rama’s approval, he can rule any kingdom, and so Sugriva, who has Rama’s blessings, would  make a good king –better than his own son Angada.   



Vali, then removed his  own necklace, which was given to him by Indra, a source of his power, not to his own son, Angada, but to Sugriva.

Before giving that necklace Vali told his son, 'don’t bear any animosity against Sugriva or Rama because they have not killed me.  It is my own Karma that has caused my death.  Please serve Sugriva as you have served me and please serve Lord Rama as The Supreme Lord.'  

Vali requests Rama to take care that Tara is not insulted and advises Sugriva to unquestioningly follow her advice.  Vali dies in the embraces of Tara, who mourns his death in a painful manner.



Sugriva suddenly starts  moaning at this sudden turn of events.  He cried copius tears “ I am a sinner, I don’t deserve Kishkinda”





If Queen Tara was NOT careful there would be a blood bath and revolution.   The powder keg was there, all it needed was a spark in the form of an abuse.   Everything her husband Vali built would be ripped asunder. 

Tara suddenly turned into a statesman showing amazing presence of mind ( with Rama watching ) as if  trying to stabilize the kingdom after King Vali's death . 

She declared to the onlooking confused and angry citizens  "With his last breath, King Vali begs you, his faithful subjects, to follow his brother Sugriva as your rightful king." 

Extraordinary Tara continued “The gods have used Rama as their instrument to perform their judgement in this matter.  Long live Rama the Righteous One!”  

The crowd erupted in cheers and applause.

They began to chant the name of their new king: “Long live King Sugriva!”

Queen Tara had stabilised her beloved husband's kingdom.

Angada cremated Vali, aided in the funeral rites by Tara and Sugriva.



Hanuman then asked Rama to accompany Sugriva to Kishkindha to perform his coronation.  Rama declined, however, saying, “Due to the nature of my exile, I cannot enter any city. Hanuman, I suggest that you perform Sugriva’s coronation, and at the same time Angada can be installed as his successor. Queen Tara will be the godmother and mentor" .



”The monsoon season is about to begin, and that will not be a good time to search for Sita.  All of you Vanara chiefs can remain at Kishkindha for four months, while Lakshman and I pass our time staying in a mountain cave. When the autumn season arrives, we can begin an all-out search for the kingdom of Ravana.”



Vali's son, Angada, joined Sri Ram's army and was given important responsibilities in Rama's war against Ravana.

TODAY I RECEIVED A SIGN-- I WILL NOW REVEAL A TRUTH WHICH WILL SHAKE THE FOUNDATIONS OF THIS PLANETs  BELEIFS.

A READER ASKED ME ABOUT A SNAKE WHICH EATS ITS OWN TAIL- A SYMBOL OF ANCIENT SANATANA DHARMA , WHICH WAS LIFTED BY ALL OTHER CULTURES AND RELIGIONS---

Below: The symbol of Nag Panchami - an endless mobius coil.




-- BY PEOPLE WITH PETTY MINDS, WHO DID NOT HAVE THE WISDOM TO UNDERSTAND THE PROFOUND SYMBOL.


IN SANATANA DHARMA A SNAKE IS ENERGY.  THE SNAKE OF SHIVA'S SHOULDERS IN RELEASED KUNDLAINI  .


This endless coil shows that energy cannot be destroyed. When a black hole devours, it ejects it elsewhere in the cosmos as a quasar.   

Durga astride on a tiger devours and beheads  . 

Boons and curses by gods in Hinduism are allegories—they relate to positive and negative surcharge of energy  .

The mind is electromagnetic in nature, and itself of the time-domain.   It is not observable in 3D-space.  Biological generation of scalar waves occurs when the left and right sides of the human nervous system are working together in balance.

Below: Our ancient Maharishis did NOT need an exam system--they recognised a CHOOT when the saw one--with a base aura ridden with dark holes .



An evolved person who has access to both sides of their brain is generating scalar waves and is therefore more in touch with higher levels or higher dimensions of functioning.

Energy created by a Mobius coil travels faster than light.  Reiki uses this wave form the DNA Mobius coil. Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn this ( basically to get attuned ) . To be frank the middleman Pope hijacked the real Bible .

Recently they banned mercury mining.  Our Vedas talk about superheated mercury ions rotated a tremendous speeds over a Mobius coil- the principle of Vimanas.  

This is the energy of the future.  Maybe in 500 years time.

There I have said it.



Nikola Tesla showed us what can happen when a stator and rotor interplays ( magnetic field / copper coils ) .  He lit up this planet with AC electricity  and moved the world with AC motors. 

He moved on to scalar power after a meeting with Swami Vivekananda . But then he did NOT want to give this technology to R and he died with this information inside his head.

ENERGY CANNOT BE DESTROYED.

WHAT ARE YOU?

YOU ARE A BALL OF ENERGY , BORN ALONG WITH THE STARS BILLIONS OF YEARS AGO.

Respect yourself.


After death you soul is shot into a suitable layer (out of 7 ) corresponding to the 7 chakras , by CREMATION ( not burial ) .  

Below: Souls of evolved people park in higher energy planes.--CHOOTS with bad karma remain at the bottom.




People whose attains Moksha  go to the 7th layer and you remain there.

Layers one to six will come back to earth again . 



THIS NOW UPROOTS THE VERY FOUNDATION OF EVERY RECENT SINGLE HOLY BOOK, SINGLE MESSIAH RELIGIONS, WHO WANT TO PUT THE HOOKS ON YOU WITH A HELL CONCEPT  .




The white man poisoned our Gauda Purana to put a concept of hell in Sanatana Dharma.  

It worked till a certain Capt Ajit Vadakayil came along.

Not any more !!



THERE IS NO CONCEPT OF HELL ( NARAKAM ) IN SANATANA DHARMA .  

WHATEVER HELL IS IN OUR PURANAS HAVE BEEN POISON INJECTED BY THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER USING HIS FAKE MUTT STOOGES. 

I WANT EVERY HINDU READER TO TELL HIS HINDU FRIENDS ABOUT THIS.

STOP THIS WHITE MANs NONSENSE OF YOU BEING A SINNER TO BE SAVED BY A PADRE , WHO WILL NOW MILK YOU FOREVER LIKE A LEECH.



Garuda Purana was tom tommed by BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar .

The same way they have denigrated MANU SMRITI and converted a noble maharishi into a SADIST and racist bigot .

The Garuda Purana is one of the Vishnu Puranas.

It is in the form of a dialogue between Lord Vishnu and Garuda, the King of Birds.   Here the Vimana is a conscious Vimana .  I will put a post on it soon.

The second section of this Purana deals with funeral rites and the intricate metaphysics of reincarnation.

There is an amazing enumeration of correspondence between the macrocosmos and the human microcosm body.

In Hindu funeral rites , on the 13th day there is a ceremony called Vaikunta Samaraadhana.    Punya is acquired from reading or listening to the 7000 year old text , Sri Garuda Purana during that time.

THE POISON INJECTED GARUDA PURANA AND THE MANU SMRITI IS THE REASON WHY HINDUS BECAME SELF LOATHING AND CONVERTED TO CHRISTIANITY AND BUDDHISM .

SO WHAT DOES THE POISON INJECTED GARUDA PURANA SAY ?

BLAH BLAH BLAH


Sinners are sent to the various Narakas (Hells) by Yamadharma according to their nature and seriousness of their Sins. There is a total of 28 Narakas.

They are:–

(1) Tamisram(Heavy flogging)- for those who steal ( if you have ever stolen , better convert boy )
(2) Andhatamtrsam(Flogging)- for those who forsake their wives and husbands for no apparent reasons 


(3) Rauravam(torment of snakes)- for thosewho enjoy another man’s property or resources.
(4) Mahararuravam(death by snakes)-for those who deny the legitimate heirs, their inheritance and possess and enjoy others property.




(5) Kumbhipakam(cooked by oil)- for those who kill animals for pleasure. ( have you ever killed an animal and NOT eaten it—say a rat –better convert boy !)
(6) Kalasutram( Hot as hell)- for those who do not respect their elders ( boy—if you have disrespected any elder , bettEr convert maan )




(7) Asitapatram(sharp flogging)- for people who abandon one’s own duty. ( if you wanna while at work , shirk better convert )
(8)Sukaramukham(Crushed and tormented)- for rulers who neglect their duties 




(9) Andhakupam( Attack of the animals)- This is hell for those who do not help despite having the resources. ( if you don’t want to part with your penny better convert )
(10) Taptamurti( Burnt Alive)- Those who plunder ( better to convert if you wanna steal )
(11) Krimibhojanam(Food for worms)- for those who use men or women only for their own gain ( better to convert if you do NOT want to pay bonus and hike up the salary ).




(12) Salmali(Embracing red hot images)- for men and women who have committed adultery. ( if you wanna have sex outside marriage , better convert )
(13) Vajrakantakasali-(Embracing sharp images)- for those who want to fu#k animals ( better to convert and enjoy bestial sex -but first tie the camel ). 




(14) Vaitarani(River of Filth)- Rulers who abuse their power -- it is a river which is filled with human excreta, blood, hair, bones, nails, flesh and all kinds of dirty substances. ( better to convert if you want to treat your employees badly )
(15) Puyodakam (Well of hell)- This is a well filled with excreta, urine, blood, phlegm. For men who have intercourse and cheat women with no intention of marrying ( better to convert and screw around merrily )




(16) Pranarodham (cut piece by piece)- for those who keep dogs and eat ( better to convert and eat beef and be merry ).
(17) Visasanam(Bashing from Clubs) for rich people who spend excessively just to display their wealth and splendour. ( if you wanna enjoy your money better convert )




(18) Lalabhaksam-(River of semen)- for the Hindu who FORCES HIS WIFE TO GIVE HIM A BLOW JOB . His only food will be semen . ( better to convert and take blowjobs from 4 wives ).
(19) Sarameyasanam(Torment from dogs)- for those guilty of anti-social acts 




(20) Avici( turned into dust)- for bearing false witness and false swearing. There are hurled from a great height and they are utterly smashed into dust when they reached the ground. They are again restored to life and the punishment is repeated ( Oh boy !)




(21) Ayahpanam(Drinking of burning substances)- Those who consume alcohol-- women are forced to drink melted iron in liquid form, whereas the men will be forced to drink hot liquid molten lava for every drink consumed in their earthly lives.( so better to convert to Christianity and drink and be merry )
(22) Raksobjaksam(Revenge attacks)- Those who do animal and human sacrifices ( Hindusim never allowed animal sacrifice—leave alone human sacrifice )




(23) Sulaprotam(Trident Torture)- People who deceives others by treachery
(24) Ksharakardamam(hanged upside down) – for braggarts
(25) Dandasukam(eaten alive)- sinners who persecute 




(26) Vatarodham(weapon torture)- for those who persecute animals
(27) Paryavartanakam( torture from birds)- One who denies food to a hungry person
(28) Sucimukham(Tortured by needles)- for miserly people.



BLAH BLAH  FU#KIN'  BLAH



HINDUSIM IS SUCH A BAAD BAAAAD RELIGION -- like Kancha Ilaih says on TV -- squeak , squeak --




Punch into Google search-


DVAU BHUJA KARANAM, THOPPU KARANAM, ITHAM IDUKA VADAKAYIL


Getting back-

After Vali’s death , King Sugriva treats Tara as a mother figure and salutes her as Tara, lustrous as the moon.  The Ramavataram signifies her white clothes, the sign of a widow. How Lakshamana is reminded of his own widowed mother seeing Tara.  

The Ramayana presents Tara as a chaste woman.  While the posion injected versions talk of how Surgiva and Tara being drunk though out the day,  humping in bed –with his real wife Ruma being isolated in another room .


Forgetting his promise to help Rama in his search of Sita,  King Sugreeva indulged in all types of pleasures, for a prolonged period.  This apathy annoyed Rama and he expressed his displeasure to Laksmana.  In great anger, Laksmana rushed to Kishkindha, to remind King Sugreeva of his broken promise.


Queen mother Tara rose to the occasion.  She quenched Lakshman’s anger .  She came out to receive Lakshman gracefully and with kind and polished words she was able to convince that Sugriva had not forgotten his promise.   The conversation between Lakshman and Tara forms an interesting event in Ramayana.   

Tara told him that King Sugriva was not ungrateful.   Neither was he cunning or heartless. Having suffered untold miseries for a long time, he was now absorbed in small pleasures with his wife Ruma. That Sugriva would soon deliver on his promise.

Lakshman cooled down.  Then Tara went and instructed King Sugriva in private how greet and receive Lakshman courteously and talk tactfully.   She herself led Lakshman to Sugreeva and everything ended on a happy note.   Lakshmana was hapy and he apologized for the harsh language used in condemning Sugreeva over a broken promise.  

In the age when women were supposed to have lost all individuality, Tara stands out for independent views, level headed and tactful behavior.  This why she stands out as one of the best among the women of Hinduism.

Do you really want to know poison injected by the white invader and his stooges- just a few examples--

Ravana said to Vali     ''From now on my wife Mandodari is yours and all my possessions are yours too.    Similarly Tara and all of yours are mine too.  There is no such thing as yours and mine" 

In one stroke of wife swapping they had hoped to destroy two of the most virtuous, chaste and beautiful women – nay- queens of Hinduism.

The white invader has really sweated it out over brandy and cigars to inject poison into Hindu scriptures  Tara invokes the power of her chastity and curses Rama so that he will soon lose Sita after he regains her.  

This was just to shore up the FAKE Tulsidas version of Rama abandoning his pregnant wife Sita and rearing her twin sons Luv and Kush on her own in the forest ashram.

Below: Jolly good !
*********************************************************************
THE QUICK AND THE DEAD , HOLLYWOOD MOVIE REVIEW - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Before launch into the movie review, I would like to dwell on a few profound thoughts.

In this movie the dapper gunslinger character Herod played by Gene Hackman, calls all his enemies ( he has several ) who would like to see him dead,  for a shooting contest.

He gives them a fair chance to kill him, if they have the balls and more skill .   

Capt Ajit Vadakayil always gives his detractors 100 times more chance . There is DEEP satisfaction to be derived .

And this way,  instead of pursuing his enemies over hill and dale , he draws them to him , for the prize money is high.



Pretty much the same way today,  how all the hard core Islamic fighters all over the planet, are drawn to ISIS in droves , to fight the Zionist.     

Little do they know what actually transpires.    At the same time these naive fighters are thrown into a pot boiler, where they eliminate each other in side fights— Shia versus Sunni—BLAH BLAH. 

Next time a pigs head lands up in a mosque, you can be sure 99% it is a FALSE FLAG ATTACK.

What is a false flag attack?

After Independence when India was divided to India and Pakistan, the Muslims did NOT want to leave India .  

False flag attacks were carried out by R henchman.

Fights started and there was immediate polarization.  Hindus and Muslims started running in opposite directions .  

Even this mass exodus were NOT spared.  R stooges started stoning each other .  Massive violence started and polarization would now be a domino effect.

What is a domino effect?

A leader who does NOT understand this is NOT a leader at all .



A leader does NOT have to be a PIED PIPER as Narendra Modi is trying to do.



A smart leader just uses a finger and causes an avalanche – he makes sure things happens EXACTLY  the way he wants .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/domino-effect-in-change-management-capt.html

Below: The video below is another style of management -- the force you apply must just be right, or the ball fill NOT fall in the glass. Change management experts are masters in this .


 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/change-management-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html




I just had someone ask me how you can give an opponent 100 times more advantage – instead of a 50:50 chance.

Well the Americans bombed Iraqis from the air –the Iraqis had NO fighter jets ot anti-aircraft guns.

And then they held ticker tape parades back home in USA ,  for being war heroes  -

TEEE HEEEEEE !

Cowards have become war heroes ?

They American soldiers gave themselves bravery awards , and called themselves war veterans – though they did NOT risk a hair on their  body .    

Whatever deaths they had were mostly in STUPID friendly fire and machinery failures.  

But the Hollywood WAR movies made by  Jews show them in pitched boots on ground battles—screaming  GO GO GO — SECURE THE PERIMETER  --  kicking down doors and rushing into a hail of bullets.  

Do we have long ears ? 



We all know who the war criminals are. We have Jew war mongers like Henry Kissinger , Shimon Peres and Yitzhak Rabin being given Nobel peace prizes.


Whoever picked small arms against these foreign bullies and war criminals were terrorists.  Most of the western EMBEDDED reporters were trained in spying and subversion.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/embedded-journalism-immoral-and-false.html

One day the Zionists would bomb a Shia mosque and next day the Zionists would bomb a Sunni mosque in virtual retaliation. 

I will just give a small example of giving the enemy a 100 to 1 chance,  in my case ( just one among dozens ).





Here we go-

More than 3 decades ago, I was the seniormost 3 striper Chief Officer , awaiting command ( 4 stripes) , in a national company with a fleet of 150 standard ships.

Suddenly two 3 stripers behind me jumped the queue, and got promoted as Captain.

So as soon as my ship came from Vadinar to Mumbai , I went to the Company office at Madame Cama Road .

I walked into the personnel dept No 1 boss’s office .  

He was a HUGE  fan of mine—  my sh#t would NOT smell for him  .

As soon as he saw me he jumped up and hugged me “ Welcome Ajit,   I knew you would come today! “

Then he said  “ You have an adverse report from the last Indian Navy Commander turned Captain you sailed with.   We know that it is his first Merchant ship , first oil tanker in the Merchant Navy, he is useless and STUPID  – and you are this company’s No 1 Chief Officer in seniority and competence , and the blue eyed boy .    But the Executive director Personnel  Mr. D has written on the adverse service report by Capt PS, in green ink  that you cannot be promoted for another 6 months –till you receive a good confidential report from another Captain”

He took my adverse report from his cupboard and showed it to me .

I was amazed .

In all of 16 evaluations , I had scored 1 and zero all over . The highest mark was 5.

For loyalty I scored zero.    

For competence I scored zero .  ( probably he thought Company loyalty meant personal loyalty )

For experience I scored 1.

So I asked the Personnel dept boss “ Who ran the ship, and loaded / discharged 90,000 tons of crude oil on each of the 8 trips from Rastanura , Saudi Arabai to India,  and did all that CBT tank cleaning and COW ”

The ship was an OBO and was extremely difficult to clean-- and Rastanura was just hop step and jump from Indian west coast ( Vadinar SBM )  .  There were NO segregated ballast tanks .  If you pollute at Rastanura deep sea terminal they will imprison you and even whip you .

He said ” We all know you ran the show , and we all know that you were a cadet on that ship and you know every nut and bolt,  we all know that are the first Chief Officer in the company to be granted the Crude oil wash ( COW ) certificate.   But this executive Directors report ( a political posting )  is a VETO”.

My memories flashed back - digression

I had this Exective Director of Personnal once on a shipboard party in the Captain’s cabin on another ship . 

There were many dignitaries , including some white men and women.   

I remembered him wearing a white safari suit,  an SC / ST quota man .  As soon as he joined the company he made SWEEPING CHANGES ( pun intended )—and he was on a trip to engrave his name in golden letters everywhere --falthu mein .

He kept scratching his balls in front of the ladies , and that crotch area was literally black like his tribal adivasi face. 

He wore natty leather shoes,  but under the shoe sole was lined a piece of TRUCK TYRE –like how foot slogging postmen in India put under their chappals.  He had a chauffeur driven company car and even his own lift ( along with other directors )  to his office floor .

I remember losing respect for him instantly.

So there was this discussion of granting same privileges to the Passenger ship Class 1 Radio Officers, similar to the other three stripers ( Chief Officer and Second Engineers ).   

Just when they were about to seal the deal, I shot it down .  I was NOT expected to speak as I was too junior and basically there to take care of the dignitaries -- a glorified steward .

I  said these Class 1 Radio officers have only two and a half stripes NOT three full stripes -- Like a Lt Commander and a full Commander of the Indian Navy.

Nobody else knew , about it—so this issue was put on the back burner instantly.

I remember this Director ( Personnel ) scratching his balls and giving me a dirty look for busting his SWEEPING  FU#KIN'  CHANGE bubble.

Getting back-

So I told the P&A dept Boss “ Looks like a honest man has NO place in your company “

I could get a job anywhere —they would kiss me and take me.

I lifted my brief case and walked swifty out of the cabin to the lift on the third floor (of this 21 story building).

I pressed the button , but the lift was right on top.

Next thing I knew was the Personnel Dept Boss ,  Capt C ( a Goan Catholic ) had snatched my brief case.  He dragged me back to his cabin, with the entire third floor of that wing watching .

I remember his face was red,  his hands were cold and trembling.

He tore a piece of paper and write something in Hindi.   

His Hindi was purely pedestrian,  but I managed to read the script as  SATYAMEVA JAYATE --after I read it he shoved it under his desk glass.

( Later he engraved it on brass plate and posted it at the same place by the lift where he grabbed my arm –it is still there )

He cried’ Ajit, just give me 24 hours--under my watch “TRUTH WILL PREVAIL “

He said go back to your ship.  After three days I will send this slimy naval Capt PS on your ship – he is on leave right now ,  do what you want with him –YOUR PROMOTION IS ASSURED.

Then he scribbled something else on a piece of paper  – and put it in my shirt pocket,   in which he scribbled  “ Ajit V , promoted to Captain as of today  with his name , rank, date ,hour and minute “.

I took a helicopter back to my tanker at Bombay high.

The next two days I could hardly sleep.

I HAD TO THE GIVE THIS OLD SLIMY CAPTAIN SEVERE  RETRIBUTION WHICH WOULD DENT HIS MINDSET  FOREVER—

-  YET I WOULD GIVE HIM A 100 TO 1 CHANCE –   NOT 50:50 -like what Gene Hackman gives all in this movie . .

I had earned the respect of the whole ship —in the few days I was on this supertanker .  

I had repaired almost all control machinery of hydraulics, pneumatics by myself , which were not working for years — it was the job of Engineers , but they were NOT competent enough.  

I had learnt all this by myself .

Secret:  There was a bookshop named Taraporewalla ( near the huge circle at VT –towards the Flora fountain side ).   An old Parsi guy had a huge shop  ( ground floor ) and he sold all imported American self study Technical books.   

I never told anybody the source of my knowledge ,  and everybody at sea were sort of WOW!  --  a deck boy better in practical merit than qualified Engineers and even dedicated fluid Engineering workshops in India.  

This book store must still be there .  I am NOT gonna reveal more such secrets from my armoury OK.   

A good leader must maintain the awe factor and mystique .  

I was well known in the company as I had pointed out glaring basic mistakes in many Company Technical circulars – and in the Tanker dept it was a tour de force, coming from a 3 striper , and NOT an experience 4 striper Chief Engineer or a Technical shore boss--disgracing all of them and their collective competence .

So the day the slime ball ex-Naval Commander PS landed on the ship’s helipad, I was there.   

He landed with the new Chief officer.  

He came running towards me ( aankh mein surma daalke ) with an extended hand, and in full presence of the crew I ignored his extended hand,  and turned away.

The entire Officers and crew knew now that there is bad blood between Chief Officer and the new Captain.

The new chief officer ( my reliever ) came to my cabin- and he asked me why I did NOT shake hands with the new captain.   

He said “ Through out the helicopter ride and at the wait at the shore helipad , the new Captain was singing my praises – clucking like papa hen , how he has sailed with me before , and what a wonderful officer and competent tanker man Beta Ajit was “

So I gave him a brief rundown of our mutual past history –where I was reported as the worst and most incompetent chief officer at sea.

Advise:  When you want to screw somebody , do NOT take it to the other extreme .  People are NOT stupid “

He ( a Punjabi guy )  pressed on —he wanted to know what transpired—for now he was inheriting this  SON OF A BIT#H captain .

I will tell that later.

Time came for lunch.

We had catering from Khyber restaurant of Mumbai, and the officers saloon always had atleast 8 stewards watching plus several officers and shore personnel .  

I remember soft drinks were free . The first day I drank 8-- next day 2 -- the third day 1 and the fourth day NIL.

Officers would walk in at 2 AM and order BOOST ( Tendulkar wala ) and paratha stuffed with dry fruits.

In the middle of the lunch session, the new Captain with a beret on his head, walked in and sat at the head of the table .  

He could impress anybody with his stiff Royal Navy style.  



Being second in command I was next to him .

On one side on the long table sat the engineers and on the other side the Navigating officers and Radio officers .

After he was served and he started eating , I abruptly got up and declared “ I do NOT respect this man , I will sit on the next table ( a similar table on the other side of the mess ) .  Anybody who wants to join me are welcome. But mind you, this new Captain will screw you badly later “.

I walked over and sat on the other table.

If nobody had joined me –you could ery well imagine my pathetic condition- 

I would have carried this dent in my honour to my grave .

But then at sea extreme COMPETENCE is respected. ( knowledge is power ).



Chief  Engineer ( a Mangalore Christian ) was the first to lift up his plate and sit opposite to me.  

He was my FAN, as I had given him ideas on how to repair some critical machinery automation, which made his life easier .

Soon followed the entire engine dept.

Then followed the new Chief Officer and the entire lot of deck officers.




Slimy Naval Commander - Capt PS sat alone at the head of the other table - his shoulders slumped in disgrace – 

--with the stewards STUNNED and the pantry men peeping though the serving port.



I had booked my helicopter ride back to Mumbai by the last flight in the evening.

My handing over was faaast as I had written down everything . 

I don’t have to teach, I just need to hand over—but my extensive notes were teaching notes with diagrams . 

I had told my reliever , the extravagant handing over notes  are his,  provided he told the captain ‘YES- I HAVE TAKEN OVER “

So one hour before my departure flight we both walked into the Captain’s cabin. (The old Captain was removed by the same flight the new Captain came in ).

I said “ Captain, I have handed over and I shall leave the ship in one hour’s time”

The slime ball says “ NO! You do NOT have my permission to leave—proper handing over BLAH BLAH “

I replied “ Try me !”

Then I asked the new Chief officer “ Have you taken over”

He declared “ YES , I HAVE TAKEN OVER “.

I took the last flight out.



I was given the same ship to command – the one where I was declared incompetent—a huge supertanker –nearly 900 feet long.  So I was a cadet ( Third Officer log promoted ) , Chief Officer and Captain on the same ship .

WHEN I  LOOK BACK— I DO NOT SEE A CLASSIER WAY TO SCREW THE SLIME BALL .   

SLIME BALL HELD ALL 4 ACES –  

YET I SCREWED HIM IN GREAT STYLE , WITHOUT ANY DIRTY MANOEVERES, WHICH WOULD AFFECT MY CONsCIENCE ..   

--AND GIVE ME A WRINKLE ON MY FACE ,  OR GIVE ME BAD KARMA .. 



The above incident is LORE at sea.

Now , why was slimeball so upset with me, that he declared me a incompetent traitor ?

There were at least 30 incidents—I shall narrate just two-- which I had narrated to the new Chief Officer .

Here is example No 1-

The ship anchored at Singapore outer anchorage enroute from Japan to Rasatanura ( Saudi ) where we would load crude oil for India.  

We had to take bunkers and we were awaiting the barge.   The weather was bad and the bunker barge got delayed.

It was 6.30 AM, and I was at the spare parts store in a remote corner of the accommodation, taking out some hydraulic spare parts for a few defective valves along with the Cadets and the Pumpman.  
I was wearing my bed room robe.

Suddenly Second Officer appeared  his face grim and creased with worry . He was on Bridge anchor watch.   He looked terribly worried—“ Sir, run forward, a huge ship is about to bang us “

I ran like Usain Bolt, with my robe open in the strong wind - my balls flapping around.

By the time I reached at the manifold ( mid portion ) a huge tanker has banged on our bows—and I could see smoke and fire.

By the time I reached forward ,the damage was done — and the ship drifted away in the strong current and wind .  Apparently the ship has broken its anchor cable.

So I ran up on the bridge .  I confronted the Second Mate .

I literally caught him by the collar , and asked him     ” How many minutes did you spend searching for me , why did YOU not go forward ?”

He replied “ Sir, the Captain has been with me on the bridge for one hour.  When the other ship broke her cable , she let go the other anchor and broke that cable too.  Then her engines conked out.  They gave a general warning on VHF.   The Captain was having his morning walk on the bridge wings, he kept looking into the radar doing STUPID radar plotting of CPA/ TCPA etc and when he was cock sure that collision was imminent, he told me to tell Chief Officer to run forward .  When I told him Chief Officer is NOT in the cabin, he did NOT reply .  So I came running and spent at least 10 minutes searching for you “

I was furious !   

The ship was like my baby – I cared for her.

I called Captain on the telephone and curtly told him “ Come up on the bridge , now !”

This man was hiding in his cabin like an fu#kin ostrich. ( almost every Indian navy commander/ Captain/ Commodore I sailed with had the same moral fibre  –  OSTRICH SYNDROME )

I asked him “ Is it true that you send second Mate to search for me and wasted 10 minutes of crucial time ?”

He looked stunned.

I hissed at him unable to control myself  :  THE TOPASS ( toiler cleaner ) COMES UP TO CLEAR THE WASTE BASKET AT THIS TIME OF THE HOUR. IF  HE HAD BEEN IN YOUR PLACE ,  HE WOULD HAVE TAKEN CHARGE AND ATLEAST SOUNDED THE GENERAL ALARM .   YOU CAPTAIN,  HAVE DONE NOTHING !!.

In between he casually  leaned back on the railing,, showing a body language of , I am the Captain on this ship , who the fu#k are you  —

I shouted--

“ When I talk to you , you shall be ATTEHHUNNN  !”

He stood in attention looking at the ground  — like a small child being reprimanded by the school teacher .

And then later I cooked up an official report for him , where he took the collision forward of the collision bulkhead BLAH BLAH and saved the ship and thus his worthless as$.

################

I reckon it will be fair the name the company. It was the SCI the national carrier of India.

They company had 3 Naval Admirals as Chairman and MD , a political posting—Admiral Nanda,  Admiral Krishen Dev and  Admiral RKS Ghandhi.

They inducted Indian Navy Commanders, Captains and Commodores into the merchant ships , using a loophole. These men were given certificate of service. 

They sat on the Captains chair, with zilch merit and competence. 

A lot of them fells ea sick even with moderate weather. Almost all of them has NO character.  Lot of style , but no substance . 

Sometimes I used to wonder how they can fight for Bharatmata.

The system broke down on board as the officers and crew could NOT respect these shameless , thick skinned characters.  A lot of them came just for the good booze – the Royal Salutes and the Blue Label Scotch.  

Militiant  Crew Unions took advantage and made ships whorehouses .

System breaking down?

Yes, system breaking down- you heard me right.

Here goes example no 1 –out of more than 30. I will NOT narrate the shameful ones as I owe the sea , who gave me much ..

I got a call in my cabin . 

Mind you I was a 3 striper, second in Command.

The second mate whispered “ Sir, you better come up immediately, the ship will run aground any moment. As you know we have NOT got a astronomical sight since we left the Gulf of Oman due to overcast skies  . Captain has been on bridge for 2 hours, he keeps looking at a piece of paper in his pocket like a monkey and now he wants to alter course and has told the quarter master to take over from auto pilot to hand steering. Sir-please  ”.

Our destination was the SBM deep sea terminal at Vadinar. One SBM to another. 90000 tonnes crude oil on board. 

Running aground off the coast of Gujarat ( Gulf of Kutch ) and spilling 90000 tons crude oil was NOT an option.

I looked out of my port hole saw muddy water. 

Quickly I checked my cabin calendar for the moon phase , it was 3 days after full moon—time for spring tides and greater than 5 knot sea currents.  

Those days I did NOT keep bridge watches as we had three certified navigating officers—2nd , 3d and 4th officers.

It was 32 years ago- the GPS did NOT exist those days –we navigated by sextant.The Indian navy captains had NO competence in using sextant.

I ran up on the bridge . I had a quick look at the chart .

Then  I looked into the radar.  I had done this run so many times, that I knew what to expect.

As soon a Captain slimeball saw me, he quickly put the piece of paper he was peering into, right into his shirt pocket.

I sauntered up to him, suddenly put my paw into his pocket and took away his piece of paper.

He has written down 4 scenarios—at 4 different speeds he had the time of alteration of course worked out.   Our Sal log was inoperative—and even if it worked it would have been speed through the water.

So I asked him “ Sir, what do you think is the speed of the ship now ?”

He did NOT answer ,instead he rambled “ See this is the way we did navigation in the navy –these are DR scenarios “

So I said “ Captain saab, I want you to go down to your cabin.  I am in command now unofficially .  When I get a position by radar , and after I alter course , I will hand over charge ( command ) back to you.  We are right inside the Gulf of Kutch and we are doing 19 knots of speed due to spring tides . If you do NOT leave the bridge I will call my Cadets and physically lift you and take you down ”

He left without a word-like a beaten dog

After some time , I got a fix using the radar.  

The Okha radar coast line was etched in my head.  It would come as spots  NOT a coast line ,on those old model  radar screens  .   If we had altered at that time with more than 15 metres of draught we would have run aground.

After I altered course I called the Captain back. 

His looked SULLEN and UPSET.

I whispered into his ear " You are back in command , sir!" .

How many of you have seen the movie CRIMSON RAGE. Another amazing performance by Gene Hackman as Captain of a nuclear submarine  .



The Quarter master was smirking. Very soon, the entire crew would know what transpired.


THIS IS THE MEANING OF THE SYSTEM BREAKING DOWN.   



Above:  There was this time when my 3 striper told me as a 4 striper, that he MAY have wrested command from me if BLAH BLAH . 

I  told him  “ Sonny boy, are you inspired by CRIMSON TIDE  movie ?—this is real life you are alive today because you did NOT do that.   My crew would have thrown your overboard !”-- with the planet’s most powerful storm rushing towards the ship . .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/super-typhoon-bart-perfect-storm-capt.html

THIS IS THE MEANING OF WORKING IN A RANDI KHAANA .  



Now let me talk about OSTRICH SYNDROME.

Almost all the Indian Navy Captains with whom I said as a junior officer suffered from this DISHONOURABLE  disease.

Capt Slimeball ran to his cabin and hid seconds before the tanker collided at Singapore anchorage.
In his official report “ I was NOT present on the bridge when the collision took place “—see his promotion is now safe .



But if the tanker was drifting away –he would have continued looking into the radar , shouting orders –and then his official report would be “ I saved my ship”

My such people say-   I TOOK MY SHIP TO PORT A -  I LOADED CARGO— I NAVIGATED MY SHIP FROM PORT A TO PORT B — I DISCHARGED ALL THE CARGO FROM MY SHIP —  THEN I SAILED MY SHIP OUT OF PORT B –

And then  alas WE ran aground !



See, I was NOT there on the bridge when the ship ran aground !! ( In fact as soon as he felt the ship shaking under his feet he ran to his cabin and locked his door and went under his blanket )

I have seen this happening again and again and again with Indian navy officers, who joined the Merchant navy as Captains.




Let me quote a personal incident.

I was a two striper second mate and was fast asleep , after finishing my 12 hours of night watch.
I was woken up by heaving banging on my door.

I opened the door and found almost the entire crew there all looking VERY ANGRY and I smelt smoke.

The bosun cried “ Second Saab, hold no 4 is on fire  . We told the Chief Officer 15 minutes ago and he just disappeared. Captain is ashore  .“

In this case my 3 striper Chief Officer was a full Commander in the Indian navy.

So I jumped into my boiler suit and shoes—and when I reached hold no 4, almost the entire Mumbai shore dock workers were milling around the hold.

I rushed in grabbed the nearest FOAM extinguisher told the crew to lower it into the hold. I noticed that two sets of breathing apparatus was missing from its place.

To cut a long story short—I put of the fire and came up gasping—all alone.

Fighting fire is an art.

I demanded , where is the Chief Officer?

The Chief Engineer told me “ That stupid cu#t is hiding near the mate’s locker , and he has the two cadets with him .  It is I who told the crew to wake you up “

I went to the Mate’s locker and could see the Chief Officer making the two cadets wear the breathing apparatus. It usually takes just one minute to wear it.  After 23 minutes he was still doing this wearing process.

I shouted” The fire is out “

He runs up to me hugs me and cries “ Thank you YAAR !”

Later I chewed up both the cadets – one of them was them was doing Third Mate’s job , and was on watch . 

It is NOT worth washing the dirt here.

Much later in life my ship was going to one of the Thai ports.  The Naval battle ship's Captain had hung his undies out of his porthole to dry.  My officers found it very funny. 

So I said “ The job of the Navy man is to engage , fight and kill the enemy. If he is doing that , to hell with all this bullsh#t style.

I remember the men of straw,  I sailed with in SCI .  

All style , zilch substance.

The biggest fu#kin' cowards -- lacking moral fibre . 

I do hope Bharatmata is safe in their hands.


Gene Hackman is named Herod in the movie.  No wonder the R media made sure this movie bombed at the box office.

King Herod was a Jew who screw the Jews very badly , he was a vassal king of Romans .  Jesus was born in his rule.   

30 years before the birth of Jesus Christ a lot of Jews came running to Kerala to escape from Herod the Great, the vassal King of Judea .    



Jesus Christ came to Kerala to learn healing ( Reiki ), Ayurveda  and astrology.

Punch into Google search-

BAR KOKHBA IN FIGHT TO THE FINISH OVER A FORESKIN VADAKAYIL



Above:  the whole cast really makes the movie worthwhile

Gene Hackman delivered as Herod the villain, and his fans went home satisfied.   



But all those who expected Sharon Stone to lose her perfumed panties went home disappointed.   All they got was a wannabe Clint Eastwood with tits - minus the panache .

With or without  panties Sharon Stone has perception.   

It was she who chose Leonardo DiCaprio two years before Titanic happened .  And when she could NOT pull him in, she decided to pay his fee from her own.  

She also chose Russell Crowe a few years before anyone knew who he was in America.  

It was she who insisted on director Sam Raimi.   Sharon Stone told the producers that if Raimi did not direct the film, she would not star in it.   For this she has my respect.

This movie is all about the unique style of Raimi.  With The Quick and the Dead, Sam Raimi approaches the old west and high noon duels , with a very new style.  

Dante Spinotti's  camera work is outstanding.  Alan Silvestri's musical score is quite catchy.

The Quick and the Dead received poor reviews from film critics, but Capt Ajit Vadakayil’s review will now change that.   It just shows what these R controlled pedestrian critics are worth.




The cast is as follows-
Sharon Stone as Ellen ("The Lady")
Gene Hackman as John Herod
Russell Crowe as Cort
Leonardo DiCaprio as Fee "The Kid" Herod

The names of the lead villain (Herod) and the sad dusty town (Redemption) were intentional allusions to the Bible.

Herod, lives in a dark, Dickensian house that looms at the end of Main Street.   Protected by mean henchmen in long black leather coats, he collects a 50 percent tax on all business in the town, shoots anyone who gets out of line and holds his bloody competition once a year.

Below:  If this aint slick -  then what the fu#k is slick -- pray --prithee ?



The high prize money and the chance of killing Herod draws all his enemies .  Herod kills them all. He is still alive after several years of this last man standing gun duel.  He is abrasively cocky about this and simmers in oleaginous extravagant rhetoric.




Gene Hackman is so good that he swallows every frame he is in. Obviously Raimi converts rich and powerful Herod into the slickest villain EVER on silver screen.    

Gene Hackman playing the vicious overlord Herod does eminent justice to his mean embittered role , relishing every morsel of it— and how !

In the dingy western town Redemption Herod calls the shots. What Herod says, goes. 

And he has said there is gonna to be a gunslinging tournament in which 16 of the fastest guns around will shoot it out in properly organised duels for the pleasure of ze people, and for the personal gratification of Herod himself.

John fu#kin’ Herrod runs everything, they say he gets half of every dollar spent or earned. It takes a lot to scare Herod and make him sh#t in his pants. It has never happened so far.  

Iron fisted meanness oozes out of very pores.   He is fearless, sadistic, cold-blooded killer in charge of everything, who decides who lives or who dies…


Below:  The fighters must not draw until the clock of the Transylvanian town makes the first chime of the high noon hour…note the weather beaten clock -- check out Raimi's attention to creaky sound detail 



In this contest, anyone can enter. The renegade contestants are paired off, and at the stroke of 12 on the town clock, they stand in the middle of the street and shoot at each other. 

One must die in order for the other to win.  


Below: Raimi's wild camera angles --getting killed while proving themselves 




Then it's on to the next round (in this frontier town it's "High Noon" over and over again).  The last man standing collects the prize money.  Ze prize is to die for and of course many will before it's all over.

Like I said, Herod is always the last man standing. 



It requires zilch acuity to figure this out as he has been doing it for years and he is still alive.  He gets to draw and kill all his enemies and of course the winner’s paycheck is always safe with him--and his reputation as the fastest gun in the West snowballs.


In the first round of duels, Herod kills braggart , leather suited and booted Ace Hanlon, who had taken credit for some of Herod's own accomplishments..  As soon as he falls, the people of this sad town , rush in to scavenge all his body leather .


Below: Lance Henriksen as the slick leather clad gunfighter Ace Hanlon, is a treat




Herod later learns that the townspeople have secretly hired a bounty hunter, Clay Cantrell, to enter the contest and kill him, but he kills Cantrell instead.  Herod then angrily informs the townspeople that since they had so much money to hire a bounty hunter , he's gonna raise them taxes.  

Flashbacks reveal that The Lady's true name is Ellen, and she had grown up in Redemption, where her father was the town's Marshal.  One day Herod and his men invaded the town, killed all the deputies and tied her father to the gallows.

Herod gave Ellen a gun and offered to let her shoot the rope and free him.  However, she missed and killed her father instead. Seeking revenge, she has come to Redemption with the intent of killing Herod.

Below: Herod's idea of kicks is standing up a man on a chair, tying a noose around his neck and shooting the chair out from under him splinter by splinter.



In order to fight Herod , Ellen  must beat everyone else in the competition. There will be blood, spilt on the dusty street for sure.

There’s this awesome dinner scene in which Sharon Stone is planning on shooting Herod on his balls ,  down under the table , but she is so intimidated by the words he speaks that she doesn’t even dare pull the trigger! 

Now that’s the mark of a true villain.  Ellen runs as soon as Herod clicks on his cigarette lighter under the table.


On the night Herod lures Ellen to his lair for an intimate dinner ,  Herod and Ellen are well matched when it comes to slimy, insinuating remarks.

Herod:  "I could give you more money than you'd ever spend." ( a marriage proposal under veil ) 

Ellen: "I wouldn't feel liked I'd earned it."  

He: "Oh yes you would."

Ellen and Herod stage a final showdown , after this proposal turn down, at high noon.




Sharon Stone has only one expression for registering distress -- a hangdog, weepy, poor-me expression .  Herod says “we don’t have nothing against ladies entering the contest, it’s just that ladies can’t shoot for shit!”


Below:  Ellen does what any wannabe narrow-eyed, post-Clint-Eastwood character would: She tries to stay out of trouble by hanging out in a whorehouse cum bar frequented by killers, outlaws and cutthroats.



Herod wants a preacher in the tournament ,  even if he has to beat, kick, and knock him to the ground to force him back into killing for a bounty…  Cort is humiliated and chained out by the fountain. 


Russell Crowe is the priest who wants to turn over a new leaf-- nay-- looking for redemption.  He had an ugly past as a gunslinger under Herod

He used to be pretty fast, probably faster than Herod… But now he wouldn't hurt a fly.   Old riding posse partner Cort is the only man Herod truly respects - he does NOT fear him though .

Below:  She alternates –nay-vibrates between tight-lipped, don't-mess-with-me glare and wide-eyed, forlorn anxiety.    Baby Sharon – pleaJJe—kindly—you are better off losing your panties.



Cort who does endless brooding, is now a man of peace ( don’t ask me how many pieces ) who has renounced violence… . Years ago he was an outlaw…  In fact, he was only a kid when he hitched up with Herod, who singled him out because he was a little smarter, a little faster than most .   

Now, he must revert to his former killer self to survive… Cort  (Russell Crowe),  a old time friend of Herod's who draws his ire by finding solace in religion.



With Ellen, Cort, Herod and The Kid left as the four remaining contestants, Kid challenges Herod to a duel to win his respect.  Although Herod and the Kid both injure each other with bullet wounds, Kid's wounds prove fatal and he dies in Ellen's arms.  

Herod, though obviously saddened by the Kid's death, still refuses to acknowledge the young man as his son, believing him to be the result of his wife's affair with a farmer. 



Above :  The cocky kid bites the dust . He had said  "Damn, I'm fast!" after wasting an opponent, and he ponders loudly  "Is it possible to improve on perfection?". He could improve on his whimpering, now !  The cocky Kid had big eyes for Ellen.


When Ellen and Cort are forced to face each other, they refuse to open fire and Cort only shoots Ellen after Herod threatens to kill them both.

Cort furiously challenges Herod to a duel the next day, but seconds before their duel, Ellen suddenly reappears after using the Kid's stolen dynamite to blow up Herod's illegitimate business establishments:  she and Cort had faked Ellen's death with help from Wallace and a blind salesman.


Below:  Raimi's style of direction is larger-than-life. Check out the outrageous Bugs Bunny-style bullet hole.    EXIT WOUND HAI TO AISA !     In one scene a shootist shoots his gun and the camera becomes the bullet…little things like that reminds you, yes-- you are watching a Sam Raimi film.



In the confusion, Cort dispatches Herod's men while Ellen goes on to fight Herod. Although Herod outdraws and shoots Ellen in the arm, she shoots him in the chest and finishes him once and for all with a well-aimed gunshot to the eye.

With Herod gone and the law restored, Cort becomes the new Marshal of the town as Ellen rides off into the sunset-like how my sh#t doesn’t smell Rambo rode away to land of freedom Pakistan with Osama Bin Laden and Taliban riding hells bells behind him .trying to keeping pace. TEE HEEEE !




Time to dish out some smart ass dialogues :--the scriptwriter is Simon Moore--

Scars: I need a woman.
Ellen: You need a bath.

Scars: You're purty.
Ellen: You're not.

Kid: No no no no, you see it's a gun fight. We both have guns. We aim, we fire, you die.

Cort: There's a click before the strike. Listen to the clock.

John Herod: I said, are you still fast?
Cort: Faster than you.

John Herod: You're not fast enough for me!
Ellen: Today I am.

Ellen: [female gunslinger walks up behind a preoccupied bartender] How about a room?
Horace: Whores next door.
Ellen: [carefully sets her cigar down] Say that again.
Horace: I said whores next door.
Ellen: [kicks the stool out from under him, catches his liquor bottle as he falls, & pours herself a drink] Now, do you have a room available?
Horace: Uh, room and bath, yes, ma'am, coming up!

Cantrell: Sergeant Cantrell.
Shemp: How do you spell that?
Cantrell: Correctly.



Herod. You're a busy woman. Any man in this town you're not interested in?
Ellen: Yeah. You.

Kid: I'm so damned fast I can wake up at the crack of dawn, rob two banks, a train and a stage coach, shoot the tail feathers off a duck's ass at 300 feet, and still be back in bed before you wake up next to me.

Kid: The Smith and Wesson Schofield .45.  Just meat and potatoes.  Me and Jesse James think it's the best handgun in the world. Had the trigger guard removed, it saves drawin' time. Don't ever wear it when you're drunk, or you'll kill your feet.



Blind Boy: John Herod owns that house. He gets fifty cents of every dollar in this town.
Ellen: What's the town get?
Blind Boy: Huh... they gets to live.

Ace Hanlon: [Holding a card deck] This is a very special pack. See, I put an ace in every time I kill a man.

Townsman: We're gonna have to bury this old man deep. He stinks something awful.

John Herod: You must be the fastest gun in the west. That or the biggest liar!

John Herod: Like I always say - put a fox in the henhouse and you'll have chicken for dinner every time.





Herod:  The Preacher's got the Lord on his side. He only needs one bullet.  Otherwise he might be tempted to shoot his way out of town.


DINNER ELLEN WITH JOHN HEROD

              Thirsty?

              No need to go to all that trouble just for me.

              Last night The Kid.  Tonight Herod.  You're a busy woman. 

( PSSSSST-- Sharon Stone lost her stinking panties to the kid- it was censored-  kainchi maar diya  - TEE HEEEEEEE !  the Kid claimed when she got up in the morning pantyless as usual , that he won her in a poker game )


              - Any man you're not interested in? - Yeah, you.

              You're looking at me and thinking: We have nothing in common.

              But we do. We're both winners.

              How do you feel after surviving your first day?

              - The same as yesterday. - No. Your eyes are shining.

              You've passed a test. You feel alive.

              I guess it doesn't excite me as much as it does you.

              You think I do this contest because it's fun?

              Look at this town. These people would kill you for your bootlaces.

              This way I get to face my enemies. They can't shoot me in the back.

              - And of course I always win. - One day your luck will run out.

              I don't win because I'm lucky.

              Aprés vous.

              - Why did you come here tonight? - You invited me.

              You could've turned me down.

              - I wanted to see what you're like. - What kind of man am I?

              The kind people hate.

              I'm not trying to be popular. The people in this town need me.

              I bring a sense of order to their lives.

              - Not law. Order. - Like hanging a preacher?

              He's no preacher. He's a fraud.

              If a man is a killer. That's what he is.

              That same man can't tell me it's not in his blood any more.

              - He's the worst kind of liar. - Why does he upset you so much?
    .  
         I find myself almost uncontrollably attracted to you.

          I'd think a man like you would have a woman.

          I was married to a beautiful woman.

          - She was unfaithful. - Where is she now?

          I told you... she was unfaithful.

           - Why are you really here? - Like I said, for the money.

            I'd give you all the money you want.

            I wouldn't feel like I'd earned it.

            Yes, you would.

            - Did you ever kill anyone? - Sure.

            I don't think so. It all comes down to how far you're prepared to go.

            All the way.

            My father was a judge.

            That surprises you.

            He used to make my mother and me watch people being hanged.

            One day he said there was too much bad in this world.

            He took a bullet, put it in his gun and spun the chamber.

            Then he took it in turns. Clicking it at each of us, -

            - until he blew the back of his head off... with the final click.

            Understand this: There is nothing on this earth that frightens me now.

            - Nothing. - I have to go.

            I shouldn't have come here.

            - Who are you? - Let me go.

Below: As the contest progresses and pretenders fall by the wayside, Ellen prepares for a showdown with Herod which will end a twenty year nightmare and bring redemption to Redemption.-- apocalyptic skies, dust-strewn crowds of haggard men, and impossibly long-cast shadows filling the screen.





            HEROD AND THE KID:   -

             You were brave to enter the contest.

             You've made your point. Now I want you to step down.

             Kid:   I'll step down when you step down.

              I'm telling you to step down. Your time will come.

              Kid:  Not with you still around.

              Don't ever cross me.

              And don't try to stare me down like you're doing now.

              I'm not sick or old. And you're not half the man I am.


Below:  Trademark Raimi's twsited sense of humor --note the hole  






 Round three! Only four contestants left.

              Mr. Herod fights The Kid. Then the lady fights Cort.

              Clear the street!

              You don't have to do this. Everybody knows you're the best.

             Kid:   It ain't about that. I'm his son.

              If this is the only way he'll admit that...

              ...then so be it.

              What can you get out of this? What do you want?

              Kid:  All I want is his respect.

              I love you.

              Herod:  Drop out. You've made your point.

              Kid:  The gunfight is in the head, not in the hands.

              The thing that makes him invincible is that you all think he is.

              Maybe five years ago he was the fastest...

              ...but time catches up with everyone.

              He's just a little bit slower than he used to be. As for myself...

              I just reached my peak.

              Shit. That was fast!

              - Did I get him? - Yeah, Kid, you got him.

              Did I kill him?

              - You were so fast. Kid. - I don't want to die.

              I don't want to die.

              I know.

              Herod:  It was never proved that he was my son.

              It was a farmer that... He wasn't mine.

              I gave him a way out. He wouldn't take it.

Below:  Jonathan Gill as Spotted Horse, the Indian:   Many white men leave town in wooden box!




              
           Herod:  Who brought you here to fight me?

           Clay Cantrell:  I'm just a gentleman adventurer after the challenge of a gunfight.

            I thought Ace Hanlon was the hired gun. I was so sure of it.

            But he was just a buffoon. You're not.

            My name's Clay Cantrell, and I'm a shootist.

            I've killed    men.

            Killing is purely business for me. It doesn't give me any pleasure.

            My employer is confidential.

            Do we have business together today?

            Herod:   As soon as the rain stops, I'm going to make an example of you.




Raimi's  screen-framing trademark is a camera shot where the camera follows a bullet creating a first-person point of view from the object itself--extreme closeups using a wide angle lens, the lot.   

In many of Raimi's movies, the camera itself is part of the action onscreen.

There is no way you can watch a Sam Raimi movie and think it was directed by anyone but him.




NEXT TIME YOU WANT TO SCREW SOME BAD ASS  -- 

--  GIVE HIM A BETTER CHANCE , THAN WHAT YOU HOLD --.  

--  THEN SCREW HIM REAL GOOD --

--  AND  FEEL ZE SATISFACTION COURSE THOUGH YOUR VEINS .




OR,  ARE YOU THE SLIMY TYPE WHO WILL KICK A SMALL UNSUSPECTING PUPPY ON ITS BELLY ,  SPILLING ITS GUTS --




-- AND CLAIM A NATIONAL BRAVERY AWARD --WITH TICKER TAPE PARADE -

--  WITH YOUR  " SEE MAA,  I AM SO BRAVE "  PAID UP PHOTO ON TV AND  NEWSPAPERS ?







Now let me talk about BETRAYING A TRUST .

Real men do NOT do it.

I had said this to one of my readers in my previous blog when he was palpitating for Sugriva and Visbhishana – two people who betrayed the secrets of their King elder brothers to the enemy and usurped their thrones .



Long ago my ship has to go to Port Muhammad Bin Qasim in Pakistan ( Indus river delta ) , which handles 62% of Pakistani commerce.

My ship’s draught was too much with  falling tide depths and I refused to go in.  With my seniority and reputation nobody dared to challenge me  .

The Time charterers arranged for a tug to escort my ship right in.  The pilotage is very tedious with shifting currents and counter currents.

Later, I found that the EXPENSIVE tug would NOT have helped the ship at all.

I was quite friendly with the two Pakistani pilots –  both were cultured gentlemen and one was very senior.

After we berthed , I told the senior pilot in private — the list of principle errors and mistakes he made.  

Instead of being sullen,  he was happy to hear about it.  

And then he got vert talkative and told me a list of secrets about the port including the number and percentage of ships which run aground at one of the critical spots I mentioned.



So after I got out of the post , I told my Technical Managers in Singapore , my owners in Japan and my Charterers in USA that next time I would NOT do the same thing – with proper reasons.

The US charterers send this to the British Admiralty who run the Guide to Port entry.

The British Admiralty contacted me and confirmed the issues at hand.  Then they wanted to know who told me about the number of groundings statistics at Port Qasim.  

I told --" The Pilot".

Then typical of the British, they wanted an official report from me in writing.

So I send them a email “ CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL DOES NOT BETRAY A TRUST.  You may have thought being a Hindu Indian , I will betray the trust of a Muslim Pakistani— but it will NOT happen “



The Pakistani pilot trusted me with a few secrets out of gratitude.  Almost like a father confiding that his daughter has a prick for a vagina.

It I had betrayed his trust, it would dent my conscience –and put a wrinkle on my wrinkleless face.

Betrayal of trust is indeed the most painful of all pains that can be inflicted by man . 

Only senior navigators will know the worth of the post below-- not to be found in text books.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/naive-sailor-ship-manoevering-capt-ajit.html


Fear is the tax that conscience pays to guilt – George Sewell.


The highest court aint the Supreme Court , but the court of your own conscience – Capt Ajit Vadakayil





In 712 AD,  the whole of Pakistan and Afghanistan were Hindus.    A murderous Arabian General named Muhammad bin Qasim from the Umayyad Caliphate,  came and killed the Hindu king Raja Dhahir and converted thousands of Hindus by sword.   



People who resisted were beheaded and dead women were raped.     

Yet today this evil man is Pakistan’s No 1 citizen as per their school text books —see the irony.  They deserve him  .

Port Qasim is named after him  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/dama-dam-mast-qalandar-prayer-to-sindhi.html


Below:  Diwali 2014 at my door step - we have the richest culture onthis planet -  be proud of it !





Below: The R media trying to kill Diwali--one day of celebration in a year .


Wanna know how the BENAMI media tried to kill Holi -- they said Hindus were wasting water --  just half a bucket of water used once in a year to make coloured water.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/holi-celebrations-immoral-attack-on.html

I want every Hindu on this planet-to read the post above . 

SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS EXCEEDED 200 CLICK ON "LOAD MORE" TO SEE THE BALANCE COMMENTS  .





Wanna know why we Indian love HUMPED cows ?


 


Below:  Here is a baby Indian elephant named Sudha, participating in a painting contest. 

Elephants are conscious animals .  They can see themselves in a mirror and can see in colour unlike 99.999% other mammals.  This is why we use them in Hindu temples. 

A lot of Indian elephants were exported to the far east in ancient times to be part of Hindu temples.  

Now you NO longer need to smirk after reading the post below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/04/thrissur-pooram-festival-mother-of-all.html
*********************************************************************
HEGELIAN DIALECTIC, THE CANCER ON THIS PLANET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
GEORG WILHELM FRIEDRICH HEGEL , HEGEL THE OVERRATED GERMAN PHILOSOPHER , THE THIEF WHO STOLE HIS DIALECTIC FROM 7000 YEAR OLD SANSKRIT TEXTS   AND PUBLISHED IT WITHOUT UNDERSTANDING IT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I AM PENNING THIS POST FOR THE PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA , NARENDRA MODI.

After reading this post , I ask our PM Narendra Modi-- there are very few perceptive DESH BHAKT Indians who can think clearly -- who can see the oncoming dangers to Bharatmata (who remained in shackles for 800 years)  . 

Do NOT allow these selfless people to be bullied by Cyber Police ( quoting Kapil Sibal's IT Sec 66 ) -- and vested forces. 

Do NOT lose your early warning radars .





Below: India fell for the oldest trick in this book !








Today nobody can lead a nation without understanding this contents of this post.

IF SOMEONE WERE TO ASK ME WHICH OF ALL MY 850 ODD BLOG POSTS , IS THE MOST VALUABLE FOR BHARATMATA , MY WATAN---

-- I WILL CRY KNEE JERK —THIS IS IT, THIS IS IT !




This planet has suffered due to the warped thinking of this German philosopher . 

And the planet will get destroyed by World War 3 if we cannot identify this cancer while in the benign stage. 

At the malignant stage Hegelian Dialectic causes wars, revolutions , mass murders , ethnic cleansings, unimaginable misery to innocent denizens of the planet – all caused by BIG BROTHER and his gang.



The contents of this blog post must be known to the custodians and the grass root minions of the four pillars of Indian democracy -- Politicians, IAS officers, Social media, Main stream media, Judges , Lawyers , Economists, Police, Military etc,.  

Security of a nation is a joint enterprise.

The contents of this post must be in the academic curriculum of colleges ( we must spare young children from dirty world intrigue ) .  

Intelligence agencies of India must have exams and orals on this.

Narendra Modi asked our armed forces to be prepared for combat with unknown enemy. They cannot do that unless the top brass of Army, Navy and Airforce are proficient in the contents of this post.



I am EXPOSING Hagel , considered as the top brain in world philosophy today, and for the past two centuries .  

Did NOT bigger cats Darwin, Newton, Edison, Einstein fall by the wayside in this blog site -- so Hagel kaun sa khet ka beetroot hai , bhaiyya ?

Yes, it takes a Capt Ajit Vadakayil to do that. 

Am I boasting ? 

I could NOT care less,  as long as Bharatmata benefits !!

Four years ago I had mentioned Hagel briefly in my post below –while trying explain what went on in the great minds of our ancient Indian Maharishis.

The entire Metaphysics ,   Dielectics ,   Epistemology ,  Empiricism— the warp and weft of Western philosophy is stolen from India .

Some of it direct after Rothschild started ruling India via British East India Company— the other data was lifted from Greek texts.    



Greeks have invented and discovered NOTHING of their own –   they stole everything (Astronomy, Astrology, Math, Science, Music, Philosophy etc )   from ancient India .

Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Heraclitus ( 535 BC-- 475 BC),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (427 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India .

Punch into Google search-
ON THE TRAIL OF TRUTH  VADAKAYIL


I would NOT be writing about Hagel and his diaelectic, 4 years after penning the post above – but for an incident where BIG BROTHER tried to create a second Gandhi.

If this had happened Narendra Modi would NOT be PM today , to lead India to be world’s No 1 superpower in another 20 years.

Everybody in India knows the name of the SINGLE man who brought this FALSE FLAG movement down, using social media   .  

The BENAMI main stream media was sold out to Hagel’s Diaelectic .

Want some examples ?

Do you really want to recall some of the horrible hype on Times group ?



Here it is – the main stream media headlines !

A million mutinies erupt across India

Anna held,  people hurt.

Intellectuals draw parallels with Emergency,  JP movement

The Indian protester rediscovers Gandhigiri.

Annacalypse Now!  Angry India on the streets.

92% say govt’s handling of Anna is undemocratic ( does not say 12 people or 12 lakhs were polled )

Below: Ever heard of an atheist in saffron robes ?



Global bank VP on ‘fasting leave’ from Hong Kong

India Inc backs Anna

9 months to arrest Suresh Kalmadi,  3 mins for Anna

Civil society frustrated at lack of government action

Brand Anna is a rage:  youth wear him on T-shirts;

Protesters rename Chhatrasal stadium after Anna

 On fourth day of fast, 74-year-old outsprints cops;( how come Usian Bolt cant do that?)

 Protest tourism: why Anna catches their (foreigners’) fancy;

 ‘Parliament isn’t supreme, public is’

35% drop in crime during Hazare’s fast;

Over one million join TIMES OF INDIA  anti-graft drive;

Crowding glory—over one lakh throng Ramlila ground;(  Madame Mayawati holds bigger rallies without cameras )

Below: Jet belonged to India Today Group run by Aroon Purie.



Aam admi thinks Jan Lok Pal bill is cure-all;

Anna proves the power of the big idea: management gurus

22 newborns in MP named after Anna

Unsung soldiers: they sacrifice daily bread for Anna;

Maidan doesn’t sleep, volunteers up at dawn;




Braveheart Hazare baffles doctors ( after 13 days of fasting he looked better than Usain Bolt –the doctor in question is the Indian President doctor on lease Naresh Trehan  , husband of Madhu Trehan ,  of India Today Media group family -  brother in law of Media tycoon Aroon Purie )

Judge follows his conscience, speaks out for Jan Lokpal bill;

Destination Ramlila maidan: get a free auto ride;

Aamir Khan is brain behind picketing MPs; ( Oh boy, we are touched!)




542 VIPs are making a fool of 120 crore people’

5,000 cops to fortify PM, but Anna army sneaks past posts

Fast hits country’s financial health—reforms put off because of Anna stir, may take a toll on growth;

Anna wins it for the people—To break fast at 10 am today as Parliament bows to Hazare’s khwahish and PM sends letter.

Anna sets House in order

Don’t mess with the middle-class

Can’t trust govt, have to keep watch: Prashant Bhushan ( of aazadi for Kashmir and human rights for Naxals fame ) ;

‘Battle is won, war has just begun’;

‘This victory is our second freedom’;

Anna among top brands online



Above: This Qadri/ Imran Khan duo held a secret meeting in England before they started their Hegel Dialectic in Pakistan.     Gandhi was called to London, couple of days before the start of World War 1, to meet Jews Rothschild and Churchill , sit on the drivers seat of  Indian Independence bandwagon,  and to recruit 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers for the WW1--  for selective non-violence ,Ahimsa -- do NOT kill the white invader who robbed Bharatmata blind, kill only the Germans.



I will try to keep this post as simple as possible, as short as possible—but still it may run over a hundred pages.

This post MUST help the FREE THINKERS denizens of this planet too— so I will maintain a certain high level .

Remember, you do NOT need to be a philosopher to critique 4 books written by Hagel on philosoply—more tedious prose that Salman Rushdie.

You do NOT need to be a hen to judge an omelette.


Nor, do you have to be a shoemaker to check out if the shoe fits your leg.


Hegel himself has said that ancient Hindus were the first to develop  “dialectical logic”  or a method of “question and answer” in philosophy . 

Ancient Vedic Maharishis were the first to investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.  The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long oration conducted by a single person.

Hagel also referred to “Socratic dialectic”.   Hegel does NOT know that all of Socrates philosophy was lifted whole sale from ancient Sanskrit texts.

Dialectics gives expression to a law which is felt in all grades of consciousness and in general experience. Everything that surrounds us may be viewed as an instance of dialectic.  

We are aware that everything finite, instead of being inflexible, is rather changeable and transient; and this is exactly what we mean by the dialectic of the finite, by which the finite, as implicitly other than it is, is forced to surrender its own immediate or natural being, and turn suddenly into its opposite. 

Hegel published only four books during his life: The Phenomenology of Spirit, The Science of Logic, Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences and The Elements of the Philosophy of Right.

These books are tedious –nay—STUPID – though the entire world may go GA GA about them.  

Capt Ajit Vadakayil repeats again—his books are STUPID. 

The world’s best thinkers thought that claiming to understand the gibberish in these books they would be eligible to be bracketed in GREAT MINDS.

They said the EMPEROR WEARS CLOTHES !

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says the EMPEROR IS STARK NAKED !



Below: Libyan hero Gaddafi who ran a very good show , gave Libyans a higher standard of living -GDP 14200 USD - than European countries, fell to Hegelian Dialectic -- he was killed like a mad dog on the streets with a AK-47 rifle barrel impaled in his anus.  



He was accused of distributing Viagra tablets to RAPE all women in Libya .  He was branded a blood drenched murderer and a woman stalker ( like how they branded Narendra Modi ) .  The Central Bank of Libya was state owned , and NOT a Rothschild controlled bank or IMF stooge.

Punch into Google search-

ETHNIC CLEANSING OF BLACK SKINNED PEOPLE IN LIBYA VADAKAYIL



The Hegelian principle is effective but diabolical.

It forces CHANGE  and unwanted ideals are forced on people.

1)CAUSE A PROBLEM:  This problem is created by BIG BROTHER abroad .

2)FORCE A REACTION FROM PEOPLE:   Conflict is a must.  Create fear .

3)PROPOSE A SOLUTION :  The solution is pre-conceived.   People would have NEVER accepted this AADHAR CARD type solution in normal times .   Only one man benefits.   Big Brother  who created this problem over brandy and cigars.



I have worked as a CHANGE MANAGER and I know every subtle nuance of CHANGE ,   which Georg Wilhelm Friedrich  Hagel will NOT even understand in ten lives .

Change must be win-win . It cannot be Win-Lose where everybody loses except Big Brother and his agents.

Wanna know what is NON-diabolical change ?

Punch into Google search-
CHANGE MANAGEMENT  VADAKAYIL

and

DOMINO EFFECT IN CHANGE MANAGEMENT  VADAKAYIL




In his major work The Phenomenology of Spirit,  Georg Hegel traced the formation of self-consciousness through history.   He referred to Hindu thought of similar to that of Advaita -Vedanta (SIC ) in his introduction and then again in his Science of Logic. 

Hegel has zilch understand of what he talked about. This is what happens when you lift ideas wholesale from Spirituality and clad it for the material world.

Hegel has lifted his ideas from the amazing DVAITA VEDANTA of Hindusim , perceived 30 millinuems before he was born --in a MORBID manner .

Hegelianism declares that the human mind can’t understand anything unless it can be split into two polar opposites.  Good / Evil,  Right / Wrong,  Left / Right— THESIS –ANTITHESIS .



Dvaita Vedanta explains how the Cosmos works on the MACRO and MICRO scales.   

It is a dance of opposites.  

This what BRAHMA ( creator ) – VISHNU ( mediator ) - SHIVA ( destroyer ) is all about.   They are Cosmic force fields.   

So if some TRIPLE SRI says on TV while speaking to Barkha Dutt / Karana Thapar that Lord Vishnu had homosexual sex with Lord Shiva to produce the 9th avatar Lord Ayyappa ( Sabarimala is this planet’s No 1 pilgrimage – 55 million pilgrims in 2014. ) we know he has an agenda , and we know who opened his branches in 153 countries.

Punch into Google search-
DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

These opposite forces cannot dance and be mediated unless it is put on a template of a Morphogenetic Conciousness field  –  a intelligent  field which cannot be detected by our 5 human senses we Hindus call brahmAn ( our Hindu god ) .   

At the macro level it is the Akasha ( aether ) and at the micro level it is the empty space within the atom in which the electrons whizz around furiously. 


To give you a brief idea how muddled Hegel’s mind is ,  let me give some quotes.

I am being kind to him when I will NOT reveal what his medical condition is termed in Modern Psychiatry.   


I suggest my laymen readers to skip this blue coloured prose —it is NOT worth putting too much  JOR ON DIMAAG .  

Thinkers can read this .


Spirit is the “nature” of individuals, their immediate substance, and its movement and necessity; it is as much the personal consciousness in their existence as it is their pure consciousness, their life, their actuality.
Jena Lectures of 1805-6

Absolute substance ... is the unity of the different self-related and self-existent self-consciousnesses in the perfect freedom and independence of their opposition as component elements of that substance: Ego that is “we”, a plurality of Egos, and “we” that is a single Ego. Consciousness first finds in self-consciousness.
The Phenomenology of Spirit (1807)


Reason is negative and dialectical, because it resolves the determinations of the understanding into nothing.
The Science of Logic (1812)

It is this self-construing method alone which enables philosophy to be an objective, demonstrated science. It is in this way that I have tried to expound consciousness in the Phenomenology of Spirit. Consciousness is spirit as a concrete knowing, a knowing too, in which externality is involved; but the development of this object, like the development of all natural and spiritual life, rests solely on the nature of the pure essentialities which constitute the content of logic.
Preface to The Science of Logic (1812)

Dialectic is here understood in the grasping of opposites in their unity or of the positive in the negative.
The Science of Logic (1812)




Dialectic has often been regarded as an art, as though it rested on a subjective talent and did not belong to the objectivity of the Notion.
The Science of Logic (1816)



Science exhibits itself as a circle returning upon itself, the end being wound back into the beginning, the simple ground, by the mediation; this circle is moreover a circle of circles, for each individual member as ensouled by the method is reflected into itself, so that in returning into the beginning it is at the same time the beginning of a new member. Links of this chain are the individual sciences [of logic, nature and spirit], each of which has an antecedent and a successor – or, expressed more accurately, has only the antecedent and indicates its successor in its conclusion.
The Science of Logic (1816)

The conception and its existence are two sides, distinct yet united, like soul and body. The body is the same life as the soul, and yet the two can be named independently. A soul without a body would not be a living thing, and vice versa. Thus the visible existence of the conception is its body, just as the body obeys the soul which produced it.
Philosophy of Right (1821)




The inner dialectic of civil society drives it to push beyond its own limits and seek markets in other lands.
Philosophy of Right (1821)

The nation state is Mind in its substantive rationality and immediate actuality — the absolute power on earth.
Philosophy of Right (1821)

World history is not the verdict of mere might, but actualisation of the universal mind.
Philosophy of Right (1821)

The history of Mind is its own act.
Philosophy of Right (1821)




Spiritual culture, the modern intellect, produces this opposition in man which makes him an amphibious animal, because he now has to live in two worlds which contradict one another.
Introduction to the Lectures on Aesthetics (1826)

‘Think for yourself’ is a phrase which people often use as if it had some special significance. The fact is, no man can think for another, any more than he can eat or drink for him. In point of contents, thought is only true in proportion as it sinks itself in the facts; and in point of form it is no private act of the subject, but rather that attitude of consciousness where the abstract self, freed from all the special limitations to which its ordinary states are liable, restricts itself to that universal action in which it is identical with all individuals.
Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences. Preliminiary Notion (1830)




In my Phenomenology of the Spirit, which on that account was at its publication described as the first part of the System of Philosophy, the method adopted was to begin with the first and simplest phase of mind, immediate consciousness, and to show how that stage gradually of necessity worked onward to the philosophical point of view, the necessity of that view being proved by the process. But in these circumstances it was impossible to restrict the quest to the mere form of consciousness. For the stage of philosophical knowledge is the richest in material and organisation, and therefore, as it came before us in the shape of a result, it presupposed the existence of the concrete formations of consciousness, such as individual and social morality, art and religion. In the development of consciousness, which at first sight appears limited to the point of form merely, there is thus at the same time included the development of the matter or of the objects discussed in the special branches of philosophy. But the latter process must, so to speak, go on behind consciousness, since those facts are the essential nucleus which is raised into consciousness. The exposition accordingly is rendered more intricate, because so much that properly belongs to the concrete branches is prematurely dragged into the introduction. The survey which follows in the present work has even more the inconvenience of being only historical and inferential in its method. But it tries especially to show how the questions men have proposed, outside the school, on the nature of Knowledge, Faith, and the like - questions which they imagine to have no connection with abstract thoughts - are really reducible to the simple categories, which first get cleared up in Logic.
Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences. Preliminiary Notion. (1830)




Below: Trying taking this book to the Jaipur literary fest and watch how the peabrained moth eaten faced STARDUST writers (who love French wine) faint.  Above: Jaipur fest !



To know what free thought means go to Greek philosophy.
Shorter Logic. (1830)

What we want is to combine in our process of inquiry the action of the forms of thought with a criticism of them. The forms of thought must be studied in their essential nature and complete development: they are at once the object of research and the action of that object. This is Dialectic, instead of being brought to bear upon the categories from without, it is immanent in their own action.
Shorter Logic (1830)

Pure Being, as it is mere abstraction, is just Nothing. In fact this definition is implied in saying that God is only the supreme Being and nothing more. The Nothing which the Buddhists make the universal principle, as well as the final aim and goal of everything, is the same abstraction.
Shorter Logic (1830)



Newton gave physics an express warning to beware of metaphysics, it is true, but to his honour be it said, he did not by any means obey his own warning.
Shorter Logic (1830)

The universal ... cost thousands of years to enter the consciousness of men.
Shorter Logic (1830)

In their objective sense, the three figures of the syllogism declare that everything rational is manifested as a triple syllogism; that is to say, each one of the members takes in turn the place of the extremes, as well as of the mean which reconciles them. Such, for example, is the case with the three branches of philosophy: the Logical Idea, Nature, and Mind. As we first see them, Nature is the middle term which links the others together. Nature, the totality immediately before us, unfolds itself into the two extremes of the Logical Idea and Mind. But Mind is Mind only when it is mediated through nature. Then, in the second place, Mind, which we know as the principle of individuality, or as the actualising principle, is the mean; and Nature and the Logical Idea are the extremes. It is Mind which cognises the Logical Idea in Nature and which thus raises Nature to its essence. In the third place again the Logical Idea itself becomes the mean: it is the absolute substance both of mind and of nature, the universal and all-pervading principle.
Shorter Logic (1830)

The Idea, as unity of the Subjective and Objective Idea, is the absolute and all truth, the Idea which thinks itself.
Shorter Logic (1830)

The method is not an extraneous form, but the soul and notion of the content.
Shorter Logic (1830)

Nature passes over into its truth, the subjectivity of the concept, whose objectivity is itself the suspended immediacy of individuality, the concrete generality, the concept which has the concept as its existence — into the Spirit.
Philosophy of Nature (1830)


Each individual is the child of a people at a definite stage of its development. One cannot skip over the spirit of his people any more than one can skip over the earth. But only through his own effort can he be in harmony with his substance; he must bring the will demanded by his people to his own consciousness, to articulation. The individual does not invent his own content; he is what he is by acting out the universal as his own content. This universal content everyone must activate within himself.
General Introduction to the Philosophy of History (1831)

In the course of history two factors are important. One is the preservation of a people, a state, of the well-ordered spheres of life. This is the activity of individuals participating in the common effort and helping to bring about its particular manifestations. The other important factor, however, is the decline of a state. The existence of a national spirit is broken when it has used up and exhausted itself. This development is connected with the degradation, destruction, annihilation of the preceding mode of actuality which the concept of the Spirit had evolved. This is the result, on the one hand, of the inner development of the Idea and, on the other, of the activity of individuals, who are its agents and bring about its actualization. It is at this point that appear those momentous collisions between existing, acknowledged duties, laws, and rights and those possibilities which are adverse to this system, violate it, and even destroy its foundations and existence.

General Introduction to the Philosophy of History (1831)


BAAP RE !





Above: I urge all my readers to see the movie MY COUSIN VINNY twice !  This movie moulded my mindset !  Such a great movie ( very small budget ) will NOT happen again !


Even a child will NOT fall prey for the Hegelian Dialectic if he remembers the process involved.  

Imagine Nambi Narayanan of ISRO or our wannabe second Gandhi .  

Immediately think about who will gain or profit from it.   

Then remove yourself from the equation and take a step back to look at it from a third party perspective.    See the so-called “problem”, look at who is reacting, why and in what way.  Then look for who is offering up the solution.





AK-49 had offered lot of solutions.  Let the Magsaysay award winners and Nobel prize winners (like Amartya Sen ) decide about Jan Lok Pal.   Foreign funded NGOs must NOT be in the purview of Jan Lok Pal.

Below: The man who nearly became India's PM for life.



I learnt this very early by an ordinary event .

I used to frequent a foreign bank in Calicut. I would go first to a pretty girl who worked as an intern for my father –and she was the bank managers secretary  . The second was an old colleague of my father who joined the bank—and he was the senior most who knew the job . .

So one day I walked into the bank managers cabin ( a young Tamilian ) and told him that the young lady and the old man are both missing, so he has to attend to my work urgently .  Then I asked him in jest “ I hope your pretty secretary has NOT eloped with that old man !”

His first reaction was “ Who will gain from this ?”



And then we had a huge laugh.

The Hegelian Dialectic of  Problem – Reaction – Solution  is widely used by Big Brother controlled organizations and Trojan Horse NGOs all around the world.  




It killed the mighty Czar and his family and later at a suitable time broke up the mighty USSR.  It was proved both ways .  

So who are you ?   



Putin is wise now !  

He can handle the Hegelian Dialectic !! Baaye haath ka khel hai , uske liye !!!



A lot of information in the post below if first hand from my Russian Officers .




Punch into Google search-

EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION, AND THE GULAG  VADAKAYIL




Rothschild has funded and controlled both sides of every conflict created by Hegelian Dialectics since he grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold ( Kerala temple gold in 1799 AD ).  



When people talk about 2 political parties -- say Labor/ Liberal, or Democrat / Republic  what they’re actually referring to,  without realising it, is the thesis and the antithesis based off the Hegelian Dialectic. 



The only real debate that occurs is just the minor differences between those two parties. Nothing is said or done about the issues that neither left or right is discussing.


Republicans and Democrats give the illusion of opposition, but in reality they are pushing the same agenda while using their minor variances in policy initiatives as a means of bringing you to do their bidding.    

Whenever you hear the word compromise, you can assume that compromise was already a "predetermined" decision, and is being offered simply to give the illusion that two opposing parties can work together.

Every Capitalist club and every Labour union including the ITF has been controlled by Big Brother since 1799 AD .  Pity the Kerala and Bengal communists .  


They do NOT even know that their founder MN Roy was led by his nostrils into Communism by his Jewish honey pot wife Evelyn Trent .

What is a Capitalist club?

Ever heard of Bilderberg ?

Below: Dont get too impressed with the bravery of the young TV journalist -- he sh#t in his pants with the cold R stare --  and R is well protected by hidden forces !



Punch into Google search-


THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL



Georg Hegel had read in our ancient Sanskrit texts that all energy is a spiral , rather a vortex--there is nothing called a wave , you see in Modern physics books.

In real nature, in the proverbial real “real world”, there is no such thing as a circle.  

Nature is in constant evolution, it can never ever be a circle,  rather it is a SPIRAL which swings on and on, upwards, higher and higher still, ever changing, where not a single thing remains the same from one loop to the next, forever and ad infinitum. 



Even magnetism is a spiral.  Our  enchanted world is in full forward flow. It must. It was never designed to stand still and sink into chaos and atrophy.

From the ancient Maharishis the western philosophers learnt that the mysterious spiral is a uniting symbol for all the subjects ,cosmology, quantum physics, psychology, philosophy, ancient civilisations, megalithic cultures and all occult belief systems.



So, so our man Hagel was ready with his own ridiculous THESIS - ANTI THESIS - SYNTHESIS spiral  .  

Below: BAAP RE !


He knew how to baffle with bull when he could NOT dazzle with brilliance.

Almost all major events in history employ the Hegelian Dialectic of:-
Problem-  manufacture a crisis or take advantage of one already in place in order to get the desired --Reaction of public outcry whereby the public demands a --Solution which as been predetermined from the beginning.

Only when you break the left/right paradigm and come to the realisation that the invasion of Iraq ( WMD ) and Afghanistan ( Osama Bin Laden ) .  In Rambo 3 after pulverizing the Russinas in Afghanistan , Rambo rides away into the sunset towards the Land of Freedom ( Pakistan TEE HEEEE !)  with Osama Bin Laden JI  SAHEB and the Taliban behind him.  

They in fact stated in their own white papers the need for another catastrophic and catalysing event like a “new Pearl Harbour”.



Pearl Harbour drew America into the Second World War so that R could have his state of Israel.

Punch into Google search-
THE LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED VADAKAYIL

Big Brother has funded very side in a conflict since 1799 AD.

War changes lives ..  It is a question of survival  .

War is the ultimate discipline to any government.  If it can successfully meet the challenge of war, it will survive.  If it cannot, it will perish.   Everything else is secondary.  

The sanctity of its laws, the prosperity of its citizens, and the solvency of its treasury will be quickly sacrificed by any government in its primal act of self-survival.    When war happens fulled from both sides by Big Brother, there are huge fortunes to be made.

All that is necessary, to insure that a government will maintain or expand its debt is to involve it in war or the threat of war.   The greater the threat and the more destructive the war, the greater the need for debt.

To involve a country in war or be rattled by imminent threat of war, it will be necessary for it to have enemies with credible military might.   If such strong enemies already exist, well and good . If they exist but lack military strength,  it will be necessary to provide them the money to build their war machine.  

If an enemy does not exist at all, then it will be necessary to create one by financing the rise of a hostile regime.

Now that you know something about Hegelian Dialectic, figure out who sank the RMS Lusitania,the sister ship of Titanic . Watch the video



Sinking of RMS Lusitania on orders of Winston Churchill who took orders from R, drew America into the First World war.



Punch into Google search
WINSTON CHURCHILL , HENCHMAN OR HERO  VADAKAYIL

The Balfour Declaration (dated 2 November 1917) was a letter from the United Kingdom's Foreign Secretary Arthur James Balfour to Jew Baron Walter Rothschild .



In 1991, at the end of the Gulf War, George H.W. Bush declared, "By God, we've kicked the Vietnam syndrome once and for all!— by killing millions from the air . 

The Pentagon is planning to commemorate the 50th anniversary of the Vietnam War by launching a $30 million program to rewrite and sanitize its history.



The war claimed the lives of 58,000 Americans.  Untold numbers were wounded and returned with post-traumatic stress disorder. In an astounding statistic, more Vietnam veterans have committed suicide than were killed in the war.



More than  3.5  million Indochinese - in Vietnam, Laos and Cambodia - were killed.   In 1968, US soldiers slaughtered 500 unarmed old men, women and children in the Vietnamese village of My Lai. Yet the Pentagon website refers only to the "My Lai Incident".

Punch into Google search-
THE GULF OF TONKIN LIE  VADAKAYIL



One of the most shameful legacies of the Vietnam War is the US military's use of the deadly defoliant Agent Orange/Dioxin. 

The military sprayed it to kill people like cockroaches , unsparingly over much of Vietnam's land.   



More than 3.3 million Vietnamese still suffer the effects of those deadly chemical defoliants.  



In the Paris Peace Accords signed in 1973, the Nixon administration pledged to contribute $3 billion toward healing the wounds of war and the post-war reconstruction of Vietnam. 



That promise remains unfulfilled.



Punch into Google search-
AND THE WINNER IS VADAKAYIL



The ultimate obstacle to Big Brother is a patriot government which declines to finance its wars through debt.   Although this seldom happens, when it does, it will be necessary to encourage internal political opposition, insurrection, or revolution to replace that “not playing ball”  government with one that is more compliant to R’ will.   

Many such heads of state suddenly died mysteriously or were assassinated.

Below: Sikhs were mere pawns in the assassination of Indira Gandhi-- her fate was sealed as soon as she nationalised the banks .   BBC was there to watch it LIVE .



Big Brother will keep using his R media to talk about the virtues of peace. But the unspoken objective is perpetual war . In any conflict which leads to war, unless one of the combatants is very hostile to R interests and, therefore, must be destroyed, neither side should be allowed a decisive victory or defeat.  


Both sides ( say Iraq and Kuwait ) have to be milked after the war . 



Kuwait was encouraged by Zionists to do slant drilling and steal Iraqi oil, which pissed off Saddam Hussain, as a rich man is NOT supposed to steal in his culture.


Once Wars became easy to finance through central banking and fiat money they became virtually perpetual.



"As long as the mechanism of central banking exists, it will be to such men an irresistible temptation to convert debt into Perpetual war and war into perpetual debt” -Edward Griffin.

Hegel's different way of thinking has become known as dialectical thinking.   When thinkers ask, what type of nonsense dialectical  philosophy is this , they are told by the master con-man’s agents , that it can be can only be seen in practice. 



They will explain, it is NOT a  "method" or a set of principles, which can be simply stated and then applied to whatever subject-matter one chooses. 

They will give bull from the Vedas –  for Hegel, only PURNAM , the whole is true. Every stage or phase or moment is partial, and therefore partially untrue.



Hegel dissolves classical static view in a dynamic movement towards the whole. 



Nothing is lost or destroyed but raised up and preserved as in a spiral.  Think of the opening of a fern or a shell.  Mindless lifting from spirituality and applied on materialism.


Hegel even has a name for it—hold your breath--"sublation"- a translation of the German term aufheben.

Now in German Aufheben has several contradictory meanings, including "to lift up", "to abolish", "cancel" or "suspend".   In contrast Sanskrit has NIL ambiguity.

Hegel has taken pains to explain that in his brand of philosophy,  aufheben is what what happens when a thesis and antithesis interact .   

The term Aufhebung thus has the apparently contradictory implications of both preserving and changing, and eventually advancement.

So, so ,  Sublation is the motor by which the dialectic functions. May be now it has frog jumped to “mediate” ,  "preserve", and "transcend” – like what Lord Vishnu does ? 

Sublation exists at the most basic level of Hegel's system of logic.   The two concepts Being and Nothing are each both preserved and changed through sublation in the concept Becoming.   Quality, and quantity, are each both preserved and sublated in the concept measure.



Hegel's philosophy of history stresses the importance of negative (the antithesis) in history—negative includes wars, etc.  



Without created conflict Hegel cannot take off.  Why has this planet given any importance to this man ? 


His conception of historical progress follows a dialectic spiral, in which the thesis is opposed by the antithesis, itself sublated by the synthesis.

APPIDIYAAA ?

APPIDITHAAN !



Hey, do NOT condemn him –his supporters say.  For in Hegel's logic, self-contradiction is legitimate and necessary.   For anything to happen, everything has to be in place.

Hegel, history (like logic) proceeds in every small way through sublation .   For Hegel, reflective thought is to be avoided due to its circularity—hey, what about his mangy spiral?

 So war is peace !  

This is genius, right!

WRONG !

Hegel calls on speculative thought: two contradictory elements are held together, uplifted and sublated without completely destroying one another.   Copied from ancient  Indian philosophy without understanding.

Hegel calls this dynamic aspect of his thinking the power of "negation". If negation is the inner life-force of the dialectic, then triadic structure is its organic, fractal form.  Oh boy he even introduced FRACTAL geometry into this amalgam.



So this means Hegel never used the terms thesis, antithesis and synthesis—and somebody has been putting translation lies in his books?.

Not at all!



The dialectical method of  Hegel  consists of two main DIABOLICAL steps:  the invention of artificial extremes (``thesis'' and ``antithesis'') which superficially conflict with each other, and the synthesis from that conflict of a goal, which is made to appear to be the product of consensus.




The artificial extremes are chosen and propagandized (marginalizing the population) by the PRESSTITUTE media in such a way that the goal is naturally synthesized from them. 

 It is, essentially, a gargantuan punishable fraud.  It is a strategy of ideological divide-and-conquer. 



The dialectic ruse dissipates the energy and coherency of its targets - unless they recognize the ruse as such.



A central precept of the Hegelian ethic is that people are principally motivated by the desire to receive the approval and recognition of others, and to avoid their disapproval.   Hegelianism works directly to subvert the individual.



How was Hegel catapulted to fame?

Illuminati was a secret sect invented by German Jew Rothschild using a fellow German Jew Joseph Johann Adam Weishaupt to infiltrate Freemasonry, in 1776 .  

This was to take advantage of the Grand Orient Freemason Lodges to cloak the true nature of their FUTURE evil drug running and slave running work in philanthropy and to spread their atheistic-materialistic ideology.

Adam Weishaupt recruited more than 2100 agents.  He chose the most intelligent men in the field of arts and letters, education, Math, science, finance, and industry. 

Weishaupt was given a unlimited expense account by Rothschild, to mentor and tutor these chosen mercenaries, who were well paid on the best methods of bribing, manipulating and controlling people, public opinion and the press.

Weishaupt used the methods employed by Voltaire, to achieve such brainwashing mind control. Once in there was no way out-- only death.




Weishaupt reorganized the Illuminati by May 1, 1776.  This is the famous May Day which the whole world celebrates.  In Germany, Walpurgisnacht,  the night from 30 April to 1 May,  is the night when witches are reputed to hold a large celebration on the Brocken and await the arrival of spring. The new order was  called  “the Bavarian Illuminati”.     

Adam adopted the code name “Spartacus”, as he considered himself a liberator of the human consciousness and of the dogmas and religions that enslaved men.  The mission of the Illuminati order was the abolition of all monarchical governments and state religions in Europe and its colonies.

The order formed an elaborate network of spies and counter-spies throughout Europe. Adam Weishaupt himself was initiated into the Masonic Lodge "Theodor zum guten Rath", at Munich in 1777.

The term Illuminati, is derived from Lucifer, meaning “holder of the light.”  The plan deceptively uses the phrase “peace on earth” and necessitates the destruction of all existing governments and religions through a process of dividing the masses into opposing warring camps in ever increasing numbers on political, social, economic, and other issues.

People would fight and weaken themselves and gradually destroy national governments and religious institutions.  On the 22 of June 1784, the Bavarian authorities on some inside information raided Adam Weishaupt’s home on how to control all facets of Freemasonry,  overthrown all European Monarchies and put an end to the Catholic Church using the same methods that the Jesuits used to protect it from Protestantism.

Writings that were intercepted in 1784 were interpreted as seditious, and the Illuminati Society was banned by the government of Karl Theodor, Elector of Bavaria, in 1784.  Weishaupt was sacked from the University of Ingolstadt and he promptly went underground. The shocked Bavarian authorities ordered the prosecution of all members of Freemasonry and the Illuminati. 

However, Weishaupt and his family was rescued by Rothschild with the helped of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg ( also a member of the Illuminati ). He lived in Gotha under the Duke's protection until his death on the 18th of November 1830.

 Owner of British East India Company Rothschild, (Mayer) died on September 19, 1812. Through his will, he left an enormous amount of gold ( Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799 , which Tipu stole from Kerala temples ) to his five sons and “business” instructions pertaining to marriage, total family control and absolute secrecy.

Rothschild policies include “total ruthlessness in all business dealings.”  Everything is shrouded in secrecy, a characteristic they subtly impose on their multitudes of minions who, through careful observation, have discovered that discreetness is much more conducive to their general well-being.

Every money-making opportunity is just business – war, terror, genocide, mass public plunder, opium drug running, black slave running,  – all disguised with the ‘right rhetoric’ for mass acceptability. The Rothschild family epitomized the phrase ‘international banker.

Now punch into Google search –
DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY VADAKAYIL.

This will give you an idea who their US agents are. For gradually Rothschild withdrew from the limelight and altered their procedures for fleecing individuals and countries. They now operate through and behind a wide variety of fronts and agents.

You will not even find their name in Forbes Fortune 500, though they are worth hundreds of times more than all the 500 filthy rich put together. Nobody dares even to utter their name.Washington's portrait on the U.S. one-dollar bill is known to actually be Weishaupt's — it has more resemblance to Weishaupt than Washington.



The date of its foundation adorns the back of the one US dollar bill: 1776—1st May.  Most people falsely believe that the number 1776 refers to the date of America’s declaration of independence.  

Georg Hegel succeeded Weishaupt as Grand Master of the Illuminati in 1830.   Johann Wolfgang von Goethe succeeded Hegel. 



Rather nobody in India knew about Kalidas till Rothschild's pet poet Goethe went to town praising his works.   All DASAS are fake back dated creations of R..

Hegel is arguably the most ambitious philosopher of all time, intent on explaining everything, including all previous philosophies and the whole of history in an all-embracing system of extraordinary power and grandeur.  

He set out to demonstrate nothing less than the awe-inspiring evolution of the cosmos and all of existence towards self-consciousness.  Towards, in fact, becoming God.   

All a hotch potch Hindu philosophy lifted from ancient Indian Sanskrit texts.  It was Goethe who first introduced Hegel to the Illuminati under the Grand Mastership of Adam Weishaupt.  

The Grand Master was quick to recognize Hegel’s genius and gave him a grand task: to express the ideas of Illumination in the most up-to-date philosophical language.

On 19th April 1882 when Charles Darwin died he was given a state funeral and buried in West minister Abbey nearby thief Isaac Newton, who stole Calculus from the Kerala school of Math.

Darwinism  created the HYPE of  "survival of the fittest" and removed God from the equation.  It provided support for the ruthlessness of the Old World Order.   They claimed they were the fittest and the weak deserved to perish.   It was natural and good, they said, that they should dominate and exploit the weak, the inevitable outcome of the struggle for survival.

It is absurd that in the quantum DNA age , all NCERT text books  still teach Darwin's theory in school science books.   Funny amazing diagrams of make believe missing link creatures--with NOT a single fossil among millions excavated to prove it. 

Mind you R tried to make missing link skull by using rotary grinder and Loctite glue , and got caught .
 Even a moron knows that survival is NOT of the "fittest" -- but of the most "adaptable to change".

Punch into Google search-
CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE  VADAKAYIL

Then Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche proclaimed the death of God.  German Jew Rothschild introduced India to this German Jew’s  morbid theory.   EVR Periyar converted lot of Tamils to atheists .  At that time Tamils were the most god fearing people in India.  



EVR Periyar’s constant cry “God is dead” is actually the  cry of Friedrich Wilhelm Nietzsche (above)

The idea behind Rothschild’s  scheme is that those who direct the overall conspiracy could use the differences in so-called ideologies to enable them to divide larger and larger factions of the human race into opposing camps so that they could be armed and then brainwashed into fighting and destroying each other, and particularly, in destroying all political and religious institutions. 

This is essentially the same plan put forward by Georg Hegel and Johann Adam Weishaupt.
Both BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar had written in their books and magazines dozens of times of various occasions that the British rule is better than self rule. 

Both of them did NOT spend a minute fighting for India’s freedom-- everybody knows this .  

Yet we worship their statues. 

Translation of excerpts from Periyar’s editor’s note in Viduthalai  magazine,15.8.1972( Independence  day )

QUOTE:  It has been decided by the state that the 15th of August this year will be celebrated as the Silver Jubilee year of ‘independence day’.
That is to say that the country was freed from foreign rule after many centuries and ‘we’ ruled our own ‘nation’.  Or so they say.
According to me this is not the day when we ‘got independence’.  On the contrary it’s the day when suitable conditions were created for slavery, idiosyncrasy, unethical behaviour and dishonesty to thrive. It is that day of sorrow.  It is 25 years since that ‘day of sorrow’ began.
I am not saying this now.  I said it the day ‘indian independence’ was announced. The day the declaration of ‘independence’ was made public I said very clearly in the editorial in Kudiarasu that ‘this is a day of sorrow. It is a day of shame for the nation and all of mankind’.-- UNQUOTE

Erode Venkata Ramasami Periyar started each of his public by categorically asserting the non-existence of god.  He did not believe in the existence of soul.

EVR Periyar a born Hindu was vehemently opposed to Hinduism and Islam.  He never ever criticized Christianity, the  reason why there are so many Tamil Christian converts.

Periyar dead against Sanskrit and Hindi as a national bonding language.  He favored Tamil language and a separate nation for Tamils.   

We all remember how Tamils objected to Teacher’s day being renamed as Guru Divas. And how they clamoured for EVR Periyar to be given Bharat Ratna like BR Ambedkar.

You can do some research yourself and check out how the British East India Company bore the expenses for EVR Periyar to visit all foreign countries like Malaysia, Singapore , Sri Lanka etc with a  Tamil diaspora , to brainwash them against Hinduism.

EVR Periyar called for 15 August 1947, the day of Indian independence, to be a day of mourning. In 1953 in order to discourage idol-worship, Periyar led a statewide campaign to break the idols of Lord  Ganesh at public places . 

EV Ramasamy Periyar was buried and NOT cremated at Periyar Thidal on 25 December in a  wooden coffin , with plenty of Christians in attendance .

He was NOT a Muslim, to be buried-- all know that. EVR Periyar had told his people several times to convert to Christianity.
  
EVR Periyar got a Rothschild sponsored citation awarded by the UNESCO described Periyar as "the prophet of the new age, the Socrates of South East Asia, father of social reform movement and arch enemy of ignorance, superstitions, meaningless customs and base manners. 

This was as a reward for using violent and vulgar language in his writings against Hindu gods, the Vedas and past Indian culture and advising Hindus to convert to Christianity.

After Periyar died in 1974, his wife Maniyammai, the new head of the Dravidar Kazhagam, set fire to the effigies of 'Rama', 'Sita' and 'Lakshmana' at Periyar Thidal, Madras.

Punch into Google search ( make sure you read all the comments )-
HINDUISM IN BALI, TURN OF TIDE AND HINDU RESURGENCE  VADAKAYIL

Marxism, is based on Hegel's teachings, presents a highly distorted vision of the Illuminati's commitment to community.    

Yet today NOT a single Marxist or Naxal knows who Hegel is— but mind you, they all can correctly pronounce the word BOURGEOIS  . 



Hegel's work is an elaborate code and only those who know the code or have great perception can follow it correctly.

At the end of the nineteenth century, the leading academic philosophers, both in America and Great Britain, were largely Hegelians..  

German Jew Karl Marx ( blood relative of German Jew Rothschild) ,  was a disciple of Georg Hegel in his youth, and retained in his own finished Marxist system some important Hegelian features.

Hegel identifies himself as a rationalist and a moralist.  Yet he has lifted wholesale from Hindu spirituality.

Let me give out a secret which the West will NOT like.

Hegel sympathized with pagans ( Hindus ) .  

He praised their relative tolerance of foreign religions. He sympathized with their pain when Hebrews and Christians mocked their ancient religion.  

He admired their fierce patriotism, their blunt honesty, their rugged fearlessness and especially their love of freedom for those willing to fight for it. 

Hegel admired how the holidays of pagans were emotional events, celebrated with great abandon and uncommon revelry. 

He wrote -Pagans knew how to have a rip-roaring good time. 



They celebrated their religion in all aspects of their home and state. Hinduism was a happy religion. For this I will give Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel full marks.  

Nowhere in the world can people match the happiness  of a Hindu while celebrating his festivals , rituals and pilgrimages. All this is part of our DNA programming. 

The world is coming back to Hindusim.   

Before 3000 BC the whole world were Hindus . Before 7000 BC ,India ruled the whole world. 

Hegel knew that every philosophy on this planet , including Greek philosophy was lifted from ancient Sanskrit texts. 

Hegel appreciated in writing that that pagans ( Hindus ) didn't demand that their gods be perfect moral examples.  Morality was just freedom, and freedom was everywhere. They even enjoyed comedies about the gods. What they wanted from the gods was Beauty, Drama, Art and Fate.  

Hegel wrote that the pagan ( Hindus)was neither passive nor zealous, neither pious nor sinner.  The pagan ( leave aside Capt Ajit Vadakayil born for this purpose ) didn't use history to prove his religion.  The final authority of religious truth, for pagans, was the human heart.

Georg Hegel has written that every aspect of the life of Greece and Rome interweaved Pagan mythology in its bosom.  It was at home, at school, in the theater, in the Senate, in the battlefield and in the public square.  

He often wondered how a superior spiritual religion of paganism ( Sanatana Dharma )  fell to Christianity?

Let Capt Ajit Vadakayil tell Hegel this.  

Judaism was created by disgraced Namboodiris. Jesus Christ studied in Kerala, before he suddenly burst upon the scene at Jerusalem . Koran was edited at Kodungallur Cheraman Perumal mosque of Kerala.

Hegel asked -- could Christianity have overwhelmed the Roman Empire if it was not psychologically superior to paganism ( Hinduism ) ?  Was this not a proof of Divine forces behind Christianity as the white man cried ?

Hegel believes otherwise.  

In his view, Rome fell to Christianity by way of the Emperor's bureaucracy. The pagan gods only ruled nature. Now, with the doctrines of individual worthlessness, anti-heroism and human corruption, the god which fit the spirit of this time would demand to rule the individual will as well. 

The right theology appeared at the right time. Christianity began to spread.



Punch into Google search-

BRAHMA AND SARAWATI, ABRAHAM AND SARA VADAKAYIL

and


VEDIC  PRACTICES IN  MECCA VADAKAYIL



Rothschild used his two stooges  Adam Smith and Georg Hegel, to “develop on the epistemological issues concerning our understanding of the self-reflective nature of our participation in economic activities”

BAAP RE !.

Adam Smith and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel laid down the conception of the constitution of the economic processes.

BAAP RE , AGAIN !

If Adam Smith  focused on the economic mechanism of the market based exchange process, Georg  Hegel wass concerned with how economic interactions also entail a larger social and political system within which it they are embedded.

BAAP RE YET  YENOTHER TIME !

For both Hegel and Smith, there is a moral element entailed in explaining the market economy, wherein individuals interact within an intersubjective  space.  Yes, anything to baffle you with bullsh#t , sincethey cant dazzle you with economic brilliance !




Hegel recognises  the antinomies involved in the expansion of the market economy, which can also internalise life  processes outside of it into its own logic. Hegel agrees with Smith that the commercial society is a self-regulating mechanism. Hegel is concerned by ‘historically effected consciousness’ (wirkungsgeschichtliches Bewusstsein).

Probably you need an Amartya Sen ( with a Rothschild wife ) to understand this. 

Capt Ajit Vadakayil has fallen by the way side of perception.

TEE HEEEE !

CUT THE CRAP !

Punch into Google search-
MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL .

In 1847 the London Communist League (Karl Marx and Frederick Engels) used Hegel's theory of the dialectic to back up their economic theory of communism.   Now, in the 21st century, Hegelian-Marxist thinking affects our entire social and political structure.

The Hegelian dialectic is the framework for guiding our thoughts and actions into conflicts that lead us to a predetermined solution.  



If we do not understand how the Hegelian dialectic shapes our perceptions of the world, then we do not know how we are helping to implement the vision. When we remain locked into dialectical thinking, we cannot see out of the box.

Hegel's dialectic is the tool which manipulates us into a frenzied circular pattern of thought and action.



We can see Hegel’s  influence on all of our destinies worldwide. ... Hegelian conflicts steer every political arena on the planet, from the R controlled United Nations to the major American political parties, all the way down to local school boards and community councils.  

Dialogues and consensus-building are primary tools of the dialectic, and terror and intimidation are also acceptable formats for obtaining the goal. The ultimate Third Way agenda is world government of the NEW WORLD ORDER .

I WOULD SUGGEST LIFE IMPRISONMENT FOR EVERY NEW WORLD ORDER STOOGE IN INDIA.   



Aadhar card was meant to be a tool of the new world order.

When it kicks in fully, you cannot travel,  withdraw your own money,  get medicare,  buy food, buy fuel,  cook,  stay in a hotel,  communicate , get electricity, so shopping  –whatever—unless Big Brother baptizes .  

If you do NOT toe his line he will switch off your life with a remote control button .  Big Brother will know your position on this planet within a few centimeters.  He knows your blood group and all your biomarkers in case he wants a kidney .



Hegel's dialectic was used in the Chinese revolution which killed millions. 

It often appears broken up for convenience into three moments called "thesis" ( the revolution), "antithesis" (the terror which follows), and "synthesis" (the constitutional state of citizens).



Punch into Google search-
CHINESE REVOLUTION THE BIGGEST GENOCIDE ON PLANET EARTH , MAO TSE TUNG AND ROTHSCHILD FUNDS VADAKAYIL   .



Hegel remarks that "the Greek love of boys is still little understood," though he adds that its basis is "a noble disdain for women."   In The Philosophy of History he makes mention of the "amatory bonds" between soldiers of the Theban Sacred Legion.

The Hegelian Dialectic is being used in India to create divisons on the subject of Homosexuality. The BENAMI main stream media printed that 80% of Indians favour homosexuality—though we do NOT have this problem in India due to over well programmed DNA.

They got people polarized between a divide between both sides, but are really taking them ALL to the same place. They create false divisions, while leading the people closer and closer to where they want them.  There is a concerted attempt by R controlled media to get Indians desensitized to homosexuality. 

Every BIGG BOSS TV program will have a homosexual in it .  


They try to brainwash us saying that homosexuality is almost as simple as being right or left handed . There are prizes to be won in India if you support homosexuality.  


Below: Promoting gay marriages in India.--it will NOT work !




Bollywood stars and celebrities who supported homosexuality get FREE prime time appearances on TV.

Below: This poster says it all !



Almost all homosexuals were initiated at a very young age.   And in turn they too preyed on young children . Such people are psychopath criminals.  

Any homosexual who claims that he was NOT initiated at a young age by a pedophile or he did NOT have sexual trysts with young children when he matured –must submit to a NARCO test.

Punch into Google search-
IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION NEW WORLD ORDER  VADAKAYIL




Below: Hegel dialectic at work-- How about freedomof choice with animals ?  After all the perverted west has animal brothels, full of traumatised animals assaulted anally hour after hour - and made to lick perverted women..







Hegel's dialectic has allowed Big Brother and his agents  to lead simple, capable, freeborn men and women back into the superstitious, racist and unreasonable age of imperial global dominance.

Twisted logic is why cons are so successful, and Hegel twisted it in such a way as to be "impenetrable" till today.  

Today he is being stripped NAKED.

Like Hegel  the best street con knows his spiel has to use logic to bend and distort the story, and good cons weave their lies on logical mathematical progression.




Hegel's theory is basically that mankind is merely a series of constant philosophical conflicts.  Hegel was an idealist who believed that the highest state of mankind can only be attained through constant ideological conflict and resolution.  

Conflict maangtha hai bhaiyya !




Hegel's dialectic taught all conflict takes man to the next spiritual level—the white man may believe that bull, the Indian will not.

But in the final analysis, this ideology simply justifies conflict and promotes endless and mindless wars. It is also the reasoning behind using military power to export an illogical version of freedom and false democratic ideals.





The Hegelian dialectic is the ridiculous idea that constant conflict and continual merging of opposite ideologies, as established by extreme right or left belief systems, will lead spiritual mankind into final perfection.  

Shove that perfection—we don’t want it .




Hilly Billy Yanks  most affected by "impenetrable" Hegelian laws have never once heard the term used. They have all been duped by global elitists who plan to take totalitarian control of all people, property, and produce.  

Yanks have always fallen to the dog eared  Hegelian Dialectic of Problem – Reaction – Solution In terms of controlling the masses, and society in general, it’s deployment has been an effective tool in keeping humanity in check.

Check out every single revolution or war on this planet since 1799 AD —you can see the deception tool of Hegelian Dialectic at the roots. First a problem is created and designed to elicit a certain reaction out of the public. Then the people demand something be done about the problem and willingly accept the pre-planned New World Order solution; a solution that always involves actions or legislation that never ever would have passed under normal circumstances.

Today all Yanks know what is Homeland Security.

The BENAMI Indian media works hand in hand with TROJAN HORSE NGOs funded by big brother.

Big Brother and his agents covertly creates a problem and then directs his monopolized  media to incessantly focus on it without recourse.  TV Footers flash at the frequency of one second –all with question marks and NOT full stop. This is NOT news—this is perception management.

The problem could be anything – hyped up RAPE, gender divides, creating pockets of “protected species penquins”, riots, a financial collapse, terrorist attack-whatever . The power of the media can create the false perception that a big problem exists, when none exists.

Once you have created this imaginary  problem you make sure that an individual, a group or an aspect of society is blamed.  Today Hindus are called right wing NON secular communal people in their own country.  The rest are all SECULAR. 

 This then rallies the wronged (sic) population behind the desperate lunge for a solution to the problem.  ‘Something must be done!’ they cry in unison. At least this is the perception trigger on TV and media.

The DESH DROHIS who created the non-existent problem in the first place then come back in and offer the solution that the people demand.  Remember – the people screaming for a solution do not know that the problem was artificially created in the first place.  And most of the time people never screamed for a solution.

The presstitutes held FAKE polls and manipulated the results.  The solution to the problem is always a further curtailment of freedom and an advancement of one or more aspects of the New World Order agenda – whether that is geopolitical expansion, new laws or the implantation of new societal worldviews.”

Wanna know of a FAKE poll held in India recently ?

Punch into Google search-

CNN IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI  SHAM AWARD  VADAKAYIL

Ever heard of embedded PRESSTITUTES ?

Punch into Google search-

EMBEDDED JOURNALISM FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS  VADAKAYIL



Today big brother knows that people have stopped trusting his monopolized Main stream media and Hollywood.

So he has invaded the social media and Internet .

Punch into Google search-

HASBARA ,PROPAGANDA ON SOCIAL MEDIA WORSE THAN GOEBBELISM  VADAKAYIL



Trojan horse NGOs are now primed up and ready in India to create mass protests and revolutions by mass SMS.  This is the reason why 100% FDI cannot be given in communications.



Punch into Google search-

TROJAN HORSE FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs OF INDIA VADAKAYIL



When big brother or the government creates or exploits a problem blaming it on others, it is called a false flag attack.   

The people get outraged  and react by asking the government for help willing to give up their rights. Most of the time the outrage was created by presstitutes.   The government offers the solution that was planned long before the crisis.

Sometimes great heroes ( FAKE COWARDS ) are groomed by false flag attacks—and they have gone onto become Presidents and Kings .  Jew Winston Churchill was groomed by R that way. 

Many people have married beautiful girls by saving their lives and honour.  These naïve girls will never know that the attack was paid and perpetrated by the man who saved her.

Punch into Google search-

EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE, GROOMING OF SPANISH INQUISITION JEWISH AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT  VADAKAYIL




Adolf Hitler was made out to be a great villain , who burned his own Reichstag building in 1933 to blame on his political enemies. 

Wanna know some secrets about Adolf Hilter?

He tried his best to avert the second world war, triggered just to carve out the state of Israel by R.
Punchinto Google search-

WHEN THE LIE IS MIGHTIER THAN THE SWORD VADAKAYIL

Make sure you read the various sub posts in the post above .  

Read about how Hilter air dropped his second in command Hess in England.  

Read about how Jew Eisenhower killed more people than Hitler , after the war. 

 Read about how Gen Patton , a great hero was assassinated. 

Below: The government takes Trillions of taxpayer dollars to bail out banks and pay huge bonuses to those working in the financial industry who created the problem in the first place. The taxpayer is left with the debt and austerity measures.




The history of the economic crises experienced in America can only be understood within a framework of the Hegelian dialectic process.  : Problem-Reaction-Solution.

Punch into Google search-

THE GREAT DEPRESSION VADAKAYIL


Why does it take a blogger to tell India,  that our most valuable Nuclear scientist Homi Bhabha was missiled out of the sky,   nearly half  century after it happened ?

Don’t we have any intelligence agencies ?

Punch into Google search-
HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH VADAKAYIL

Every major financial crisis America has experienced in her history has followed this same Hegelian dialectic pattern with the outcome being another incremental step toward world financial domination by an elite few.    

The International bankers create the Problem in the first place... the Reaction is the economic crisis... and the Solution is provided by the same bankers and bureaucrats that created the problem in the first place.

Punch into Google search-
THE MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION  VADAKAYIL



Hegelian dialectical theory is simply a philosophy, a way of thinking–a thought process.  But when taken to its diabolical extreme,  and applied by unscrupulous characters,  it is a very dangerous and lethal strategy.

For it is not a new strategy or idea, but an very spiritual ancient one.   And it takes many forms.  Indeed, it can be difficult to expose the strategy, even by those deeply familiar with it, because the agenda is hidden, and the predetermined ends are kept secret by the evil people employing the strategy.

The Hegelian dialectic is not only a strategy of outcomes, but also a strategy of psychological projection.


Dialectics has its origins in ancient Vedic society 30,000 years ago, penned down 7000 year ago in Sanskrit,  lifted by Greeks 2400 years ago.



Noble Maharishis sought to understand Nature as a whole, and saw that everything is fluid, constantly changing, coming into being and passing away.  



These ancient Sanskrit texts were translated by the white invaders. 



The best of western philosophers could NOT understand the deep wisdom contained in the verses of these ancient texts.




So they developed this ridiculous piecemeal method of observing nature in bits and pieces. These white men accumulated enough half baked  knowledge for the interconnections, the transitions, the genesis of things to become comprehensible ( sic) , that conditions became ripe for modern dialectics to make its appearance.   



Hegel with his limited intelligence tried his best  to sum up this picture of universal interconnection and mutability of things in a system of Logic which is the foundation of what we today call Dialectics.

Dialectics provides the foundation for Marx’s theory of dialectical materialism–an outgrowth of Hegelian dialectics.   This is an important distinction to make–meaning, not to confuse Hegel’s dialectics with Marx’s materialistic philosophy of dialectical materialism.    

Russian students attending university in the former Soviet Union were required to take three years of materialistic philosophy. Leftist political strategy centers around the concept of dialectical change.

The dialectic is analogous to the argument that “everything is just shades of gray.”  Hegel’s dialectical process proposes there are only shades of gray–no black or white.


THERE ARE NO BLACK AND WHITE ANSWERS TO LIFE.   EVERYTHING COMES IN SHADES OF GREY — 

Hegel bhaiyya , this truth has been penned down in our Upanishads  7000 years ago . 

Tum kaayikko chori kiya re ?




Why you give a matchstick in the hands of a money instead of using it to survive , the monkey will use it to destroy.

HEGEL DID NOT HAVE THE BRAINS OR THE CHARACTER TO UNDERSTAND THE AMAZING INDIAN GRACEFUL - NAY- SPIRITUAL WAY OF DIALECTIC.

Our Indian way of dialectic, in philosophy, was a blissful method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.  

The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic was based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another.

In our ancient Indian way there was NO use for a jury or judge or a mediator or anchor as you see on modern TV debates. 



In contrast , in modern debates two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong . 

THERE IS ENDLESS EXTRAVAGANT RHETORIC . 

On Arnab Goswami’s show he even makes sure the debaters drown each other’s voices ,  so that only his master's mouthpiece is heard by the viewer and retained in the subconscious. 


IT WILL TAKE A MILLION HEGELS ( THE BEST OF THE WEST ) TO EVEN COMPREHEND THE NOBLE VEDIC MAHARISHI METHOD.

Georg Hegel’s  intent was to devise a method to control outcomes and force compromise .  




The Hegelian Formula is typically expressed as follows: Thesis represents an idea or opinion, antithesis represents the counter-opinion or opposite idea, synthesis represents the domain where thesis and antithesis intersect and overlap. 

So, in other words, dialectical synthesis can represent  “compromise.”

The interesting and powerful feature of the Hegelian dialectic is once the circular argument has reached synthesis, a new thesis can be created and the process begins anew, incrementally and progressively moving forward toward the next predetermined outcome–a sort of dialectic helix.  




When you arrive at the truth the great Indian way, there is NO need  to seek truth again .  



Applying the Hegelian strategy is thus accomplished through a slimy process of tension and resolution. 

Twisting arms is tension !



KUCH AAAYA OOPAR KA THALLE MEIN ?  BOLO TOH JAIPUR FEST AKKAL WAALON KO POOCHOON ?




 A good way to illustrate the concept of tension and resolution used in a repetitive and incremental fashion is music.  Music that might be described as spooky or scary tends to use more tension than resolution.  

Conversely, music that strikes a harmonious balance between tension and resolution might be described as soothing or uplifting.

The power in using tension and resolve as a strategy in controlling groups of people is very powerful tactic indeed; it can literally create a very real mental, emotional or physical (or all the above) response–even trigger a Pavlovian response.



A classic experiment by Ivan Pavlov exemplifies the standard procedure used in classical conditioning. First Ivan Pavlov observed the UR ( unconditioned response- salivation) produced when meat powder (unconditioned stimulus US) was placed in the dog's mouth.  He then rang a bell (conditioned stimulus -CS) before giving the meat powder.  

After some repetitions of this pairing of bell and meat the dog salivated to the bell alone, demonstrating what Pavlov called a "conditional" response, now commonly termed "conditioned response" or CR.

Hey Ivan praaji !

Shall I consign you to the dustbin of history?

ABBHI ?

The moment the food or drink is smelt the Pavlovian response secretes saliva,  preparing the tongue for tasting.  Your perception of scent is more than a thousand times stronger than your perception of taste. Taste is 78% smell. 

Below: Apun aur apna kuttha !



Ivan Pavlov bhaiyya—BUT --when you see shit, biological reflex is to salivate, social reflex is to spit.  So please , kindly do NOT ignore your social engineering .

 



Ivan Pavlov paaji, can your blessed dog do what this baby elephant is doing above?

No he cant!  

Dont even try !!



You kuttha – nay- dog cannot see in colour .   

It is NOT a conscious animal who can see itself in a mirror.

Only a handful of animals on this planet can see in colour and see itself in a mirror. The elephant is one of them . That is why we Hindus keep elephants in our temples.



The white man is insh#t street as in another 20 years his race will be affected by the BRAIN DEGENERATING  -  VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE . 



The incubation period is getting over.



The evil pharma is desperately conducting tests on NON-CONSCIOUS mammals like lab rats and guine pigs—to no avail.



THE HUMAN BRAIN IS CONSCIOUS.



They white man has made a beeline for India and has been using Indians as lab rats.

After reading about this from social media the Indian Supreme court has warned NOT to allow Indians to be used a lab rats for untested medicines.


Why did Capt Ajit Vadakayil get arrested for HATE SPEECH?

He warned that some TV programmes anchored by famous Bollywood stars were enticing vulnerable and poor Indians to buy CHEAP UNTESTED MEDICINES.



Nothing comes free or CHEAP from evil Pharma.

Now, after VISA ON ARRIVAL afforded by the Modi Govt this immoral thing has increased multi-fold.


Almost all are in cahoots.




Narendra Modi must get to the bottom of this—and punish –nay— hang evil people involved in this racket.  

Life imprisonment is too lax a sentence  .



You have the Supreme courts approval on this .



Punch into Google search-

GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL

and

SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL .


The Hegelian strategy requires an alchemic process of tension and resolution in order to reach a predetermined outcome. 

But how do we create tension in a group and control the outcome? 

One way to create tension is to introduce diversity. By introducing diversity into the group, tensions are raised, and the chances of conflict are increased. 

Diversity is needed  for conflict, according to the Hegelian model.

This is why as soon a Rothschild started ruling India, he created and backdated all the fake DASAS. 

He made the Indian self loathing by establishing through these FAKE dasas that Lord Ram abandoned his pregnant wife.  

R established that Lord Krishna was a sex maniac servicing 16000 gopika virgins and has a mistress by the name of Radha . Nobody in India heard or Radha or the DASAS or Ram abandoning his pregnant wife till the white invader came to India. 

To provide sexual incentives to his white troops he invented the DEVADASI system.  

Hindu Temples were made out to be addas for animal and even human sacrifice. 

SATI was made out to be a common practice, though we never heard of it till the white invader came to India.  

Hindu women jumping into the fire after their husbands were killed by the Muslim invaders was made out to be Sati. This was done to prevent rape of the dead cadaver and also for cremation-NOT burial after suicide.  

Cosmic Force fields Shiva , Vishnu and Brahma were made out to be constantly challenging each other WWF style.  Shiva was made out to be sex-maniac and a corpse eater . 

They created Sunni-Shia type of divided between Shaivites and Vaishnavites. 

They wedged away the most ancient sect and Shiva Bhakts of Veerashaiva Lingayath community and made them bury their dead bodies- in as much as today they are NOT Hindus.  

R created the Sikh religion and wrote the Adi Granth Sahib for them-and today the Sikhs hate Hindus. 

Many Hindus were made so self loathing that they converted to Buddhism under BR Ambedkar.   

Nobody in India heard of Emperor Ashoka type kings who converted to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism from BAAAD EVIL Hinduism .  

Ancient Hindu kings like Chandra Gupta Maurya handing over their kingdom to their sons and going to Kashi ( Varanasi )  , for Sanyas was made out to be converting to Jainism and Hinduism. 

All glorious Hindu monuments were given away to other religions . The Hindu was stripped naked of his honour and past glory. 

Our priceless Vedas written down 7000 years ago, when the white man was running around naked, doing grunt grunt for language , living in caves and eating raw meat --were made out to be shepherd's verses ..

HEGEL’S DIALECTICS  GAVE ROTHSCHILD A MIGHTY EMPIRE TO RULE-  THE RICHEST ON THIS PLANET WHICH THEY LOOTED AND CONVERTED TO THE POOREST IN 250 YEARS  FLAT .




Punch into Google search ( Georg Hegel’s finger prints are all over these posts below )-

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF THE WHITE INVADER  VADAKAYIL

and

KAMASUTRA SEXUAL PERVERSION INJECTED BY  FRANCIS BURTON VADAKAYIL

and

AGHORIS , THE CORPSE EATERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL

and

ASHWAMEDHA YAGAM , A BLOODLESS SACRIFICE VADAKAYIL

and

QUTAB MINAR  DHRUV STAMBH , VISHNU NABHI AND PRECESSION CYCLE VADAKAYIL

and

NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS  VADAKAYIL



R communist leaders on this planet have never been mere leaders.   They were CHANGE AGENTS working indefatigably.

They were trained in the dialectical formula of seduction, deception and manipulation – to be is injected into the masses to gain supremacy over all groups for the sake of so-called “unity in diversity.”   

The change agent creates permanent conflict– forwarding the Marxist belief that all “progress” is brought about by conflict.



Not many people know that the agents of World War 2 were all R controlled Jews —Jew Churchill,  Jew Roosevelt,  Jew Eisenhower,  Jew Stalin—the entire lot.



Hegel’s dialectic taken forward :  “Any revolutionary change must be preceded by a passive, affirmative, non-challenging attitude toward change among the mass of our people. 



They must feel so frustrated, so defeated, so lost, so futureless in the prevailing system that they are willing to let go of the past and change the future. 

Below: Amartya Sen and his Rothschild wife -- a Modi hater, a favourite of our Indian presstitutes .




This acceptance is the reformation essential to any revolution.”



 

Punch into Google search-

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITEWASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL




Hegel’s dialectic has several ways to demoralize.

Indians were stereotyped as STUPID .

Punch into Google search-
YELLAPRAGADA SUBBAROW, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL

India was projected as a VERY SMALL country in landmass.

Punch into Google search-

THE COUNTRY SIZE RACIST CONSPIRACY  VADAKAYIL

Jew Lenin’s method was of always keeping the masses demoralized so they will demand change, or even insist the system be abolished altogether.

It was Vladmir I. Lenin who originally put Jew Karl Marx inspired revolution into practice, i.e. the “dictatorship of the proletariat,” killing millions in the process, without mercy or compassion, and spreading Marxist-Leninism around the globe–existing to this day.

Hegel and Marx merely developed the theory.

But it was Jew Lenin, and those who followed in his footsteps like Jew Trotsky , who committed genocide on an industrial scale in the name of Marx and Hegel.  Although the ideology of Georg Hegel, Marx & Engels greatly influenced Lenin, Marx merely came up with the theory.  Lenin took practical action.


The dialectics of Georg Hegel eschews the very concept of absolutes, yet the the systematic and formulaic approach that Hegel and Marx used to employ their strategy required absolutes.

The Hegelian dialectic requires a thesis and an antithesis,  a pro and a con which are absolutes to an intelligent man.

Hegel developed a comprehensive philosophical framework, of absolute idealism to account in an integrated and developmental way for the relation of mind and nature, the subject and object of knowledge, psychology, the state, history, art, religion, and philosophy.

Hegel developed the concept that mind or spirit manifested itself in a set of contradictions and oppositions that it ultimately integrated and united, without eliminating either pole or reducing one to the other.  Examples of such contradictions include those between nature and freedom, and between immanence and transcendence.

The birthplace of Hegel in Stuttgart, which now houses The Hegel Museum- so he is indeed a great cat in Germany.    

He received his theological certificate from the Tubingen Seminary, and  became Hofmeister (house tutor) to an aristocratic R connected family in Bern . He was sponsored—NOT that he came up on his own merit.. 


Hegel secured a position as lecturer at the University as a Privatdozent after submitting a dissertation on the orbits of the planets..lifted 100% from ancient Indian scriptures. 

He lectured on Metaphysics again lifted wholesale from ancient Indian philosophy. 

Metaphysics is a way used by ancient Maharishis  to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that men of lower perception (like Hagel ) could not deduce.   



Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality.



All our 12 strand DNA ( NIL junk) Maharishis with king sized pineal glands were grandmasters in Metaphysics . 


They were super scientists, unlimited in curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands.  He can refute by debate, through a method for systematic evaluation of definitions.  




Above: Does anybody at the Jaipur literary fest have the brains to understand ancient Indian philosophy?  We do know they are experts in Wendy Doniger , Hussain Saab, Nina Paley and the wolves in sheep's clothing - the white skinned Indophiles. 

Madame Blavatsky has lifted from Hegel very subtly in her exposition of Theosophy.  She was NOT a Hegelian though.   

Madame Blavatsky stayed in India from 1879 to 1891.  Her Metaphysics is same a Hegels.   This is why I call this hyped up “mother of modern spirituality ( sic ) , a CON-woman.

Punch into Google search-
MADAME HELENA PETROVNA BLAVATSKY, A CON WOMAN WHO CHANGED THE COURSE OF WORLD HISTORY VADAKAYIL.

Our ancient Maharishis talked about the dance of profound opposites— like:-
Action/ reaction
Conscious/ subconscious
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Evaporation/ condensation
Creation/ destruction
Excitation/ inhibition
Contraction/ relaxation
Acid/ base
Positive pole/ negative
Counterclockwise vortex/ clockwise
Sleep/ wake
Freezing/ melting
Vaporisation/ condensation
Energy/ matter
Birth/ decay
Static/ Dynamic
Organic / Inorganic
Deliberate/ Spontaneous

But Hegelians were more interested in subversion to induce conflict.  The Hegel dialectic process is at the core of all political and social manipulation.

Capitalism / Communism
Democrats / Republicans
Conservatives / Liberals;
Christians / Muslims;
Environmentalists / Industry
Pro-choice / Pro-life
Antiwar activists / Neocons.


The endless control of the conflict and resolution leads everyone into a new cycle of conflicts—and endless milking for material profits .

Hegel initially termed his dialectics as SPECULATION.

When a  Benami TV channel keeps flashing SCOOP footers with QUESTION MARKS throughout the day—it is diabolical Hegelian Dialectics.  

It requires perception to figure this out .

News or SCOOPS must end with a FULL STOP —not a QUESTION MARK .




Georg Hegel's writing in its entirety is a "unclear thoughtless flow of words" —because he was unable to cover whatever wisdom he lifted from ancient Indian Sanskrit texts,  with a veener of his own, in a sane manner. 

Hegel was MAD enough to believe that he could apply a philosophical version of Newton's Third Law of Motion-- for every action, there is an equal-and-opposite reaction.   

And those action-reaction pairs can keep on snowballing in a spiral manner till you end up at a unified end-point that manages to hold all of your oppositions together.   

Light doesn't win out over darkness, or vice versa.   

He tried his best to have an ALL ENCOMPASSING  THEORY OF EVERYTHING in philosophy.

No PERCEPTIVE man will ever think this way.

Schizophrenics use megalomaniac language - terrific, spellbinding words to reduce the transcendent to subjective form, to give banalities the charm of novelty, or pass off commonplaces as searching wisdom.  

So bombastic terminology is a symptom of weakness, ineptitude, and lack of substance.   


Hegel  spent most of his life in the shadow of fellow German Idealists Immanuel Kant, Johann Gottlieb Fichte, and Friedrich Schelling—  all of whom lifted into ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts .  He tried to outdo them ,  by special his own veneer packaging , and there lies his undoing.



Sorry Georg Wilhelm Freidrich Hegel —  (like Albert Einstein, Darwin , Newton ,Edison , Teresa etc)  today you are being lowered into your “philosophical” grave ,  along with your prop up party,  forever !    

It takes a Capt Ajit Vadakayil to do this !




Now I must process on to how Big Brother has used this useless Hagel’s dialectic by adding his own masala and rules.

Power is derived from  money and people.   Stay well out of range or the expertise of the enemy.  Use every chance to increase insecurity, anxiety and uncertainty.  Use sarcasm and ridicule as a potent weapon.   

Never be relegated to stale old news-like Qadri  Mian and Imran Khan Mian  ( TEE HEEEE !).  A tactic that drags on too long becomes a drag.

Keep ZE pressure on  .   Device new methods to keep the opposition off balance.   As the soon as the  opposition get into the comfort zone with one approach,  hit them from the flank with something new. 

Never allow the threat perception to fade out –fear makes the imagination run riot . Primal fears debilitates.  

Use smoke and mirrors to confuse. 

Do NOT allow the opposition to score points unless you can come up with an effective solution el pronto.    Do NOT allow people to sympathise with your enemy.  

Use your monopolized media and on field NGO agents and cut off the support network.

Use the time tested method of DIVIDE AND RULE.  

Highlight any perceived differences between people and then exploit those differences to create infighting so they  are easier to control and conquer. If there are NO differences , create them by false propaganda and perception management using monopolized media and Trojan Horse NGOs.  

If you can control the info that people get to see hear and read, you control their perception of reality. Play dirty by using  techniques that are damaging to consciousness . 

Get people to stare at the rear view mirrow , live in regret over the past or anxiety over the future.  

Give people false religion and false messiahs .   

A mass FLASH demonstration or a public display ( like in Hong Kong today ) are one of the dark aspects of the Hegelian dialectic. 

Make them demand emotionally – the endless and mindless chant of WE WANT JUSTICE  , WE WANT JUSTICE —in the reactive mode of consciousness  .

The whole of western psychology is just a bullsh#t one century old pseudo science,  born out of big brother’s vested compulsions to steal and patent. 

The greatest psychoanalyst in the west is still prone to the same kind of sicknesses as any ordinary man, to the same schizophrenia.   As far as his expertise is concerned he is well- trained, but as far as his humanity is concerned, he is just as ordinary as anybody else. 

There is no transformation in him nor can he create one.  Has any western psychoanalyst ever shown a bit of calm or certainty or authority or bliss , ever ?  

Other than big brother’s monopolized books and media , whoever prints them or reads them? Every psychoanalyst has been afraid to talk with a Indian mystic.  For they will be soon totally exposed NANGA !—naked !!

The western psychoanalyst is afraid of meeting an eastern sage , because shallow western philosophy , other than what is lifted from the ancient Vedic thought and stitched together in a clumsy manner , is based on shifting sands , and has no foundation.   

The Indians had lived all its glories that the west thinks it is attaining now 7000 year ago.  Look at our vast array of literature,  sculptures, music, and poetry.  

Could any western philospopher ever think that the ancient Indians who had such creativity could be looked down upon just like that –just because after 800 years of slavery the entire glory got hijacked, in as much as the white blonde blue eyed man called himself an Aryan and claimed that he write our priceless Vedas and invented the mother of all languages- the Sanskrit language ?

I again remind my readers- the scrolling FOOTER  at the bottom of a TV news channel with QUESTION MARKS is psychologically manipulative . 

The entire Nazi ideology was founded on principles supported by Hagel and archetypal mythologies touted by the Theosophical Society founded by Madame Blavatsky.



The people of India , especially the DESHBHAKT social media must be perceptive enough to remove themselves  from the Hegelian dialectic and recognize their diabolical schemes funded and controlled from abroad .

Only when enough Indians know, what is going on , can Big Brother’s agenda be exposed.  If we learn their methods, we can recognize their schemes before they play out – countering the fraud. . To remove ourselves from the dialectic is to recognize the deception.   

Hegel expects individuals to blindly follow a PIED PIPER like leader who essentially thinks for them. To such leaders, the common people are like expendable human cattle.

Revolution have always been recorded by the R media as a popular spontaneous event. Never in any text book of history or an encyclopedia you will find that  revolutions need finance and the source of the finance in many cases traces back to R. 

Nobody even cares to know who is funding the Qadri/ Imran Khan uprising or our own FASTING OLD GOAT uprising.  Have you seen anywhere any information in main stream media , as to who funded the Bolshevik revolution which killed the Czar and his family?   

The entire Indian NCERT text books on history and social studies is a HUGE LIE, and these books must be burnt. 

Individuals pulling the strings are not necessarily the leaders of the countries in conflict. State leaders are often puppets themselves, controlled by elites to whom they owe their position. 



Much of the time, these elitists make revolutions appear as a sudden, spontaneous outbreak of a downtrodden class against a tyrannical government, whereas this is not always the case. In too many cases, the downtrodden class is used as pawns to fulfill an agenda of someone much higher up. 

Out of war and revolution come opportunities for profit by corporations under the control and influence of Big brother. 

Everybody knows who funded and armed ISIS.  Everybody knows who armed and funded the same fighters in Libya.   

Rothschild funded both the sides in the battle of Waterloo.

Punch into Google search-
NAPOLEON , THE UNKNOWN SIDE VADAKAYIL.

 The clash between opposites in the mid-1900s resulted in the synthesis—the formation of the UN and progression towards R controlled regional groups such as NATO, UNESCO, and the Trilateral Commission.  

The creation of these groups is part of the push towards a New World Order and one-world government.   Manipulation of information demonstrates how Hegel’s psychology for the masses works—people think they’re free and hearing the truth when they’re really being brainwashed .



The Hegelian world order has much in common with fascism, a radical nationalist political ideology that uses war and political violence to create national unity. This national unity, however, comes at the cost of purging people from society deemed inferior by the elite. This ideology, like Hegel’s, treats individuals as pawns for the sake of a larger goal.

Nobel peace prize winner and R stooge Henry Kissinger, a member of the Bilderberg Group, CFR and Trilateral Commission raised suspicions that the New World Order would play the fake 'alien card' in the future when he made the following statement at the 1991 Bilderberger conference held in Evians, France:

"Today, America would be outraged if U.N. troops entered Los Angeles to restore order. Tomorrow they will be grateful! This is especially true if they were told that there were an outside threat from beyond, whether real or promulgated, that threatened our very existence. It is then that all peoples of the world will plead to deliver them from this evil. The one thing every man fears is the unknown. When presented with this scenario, individual rights will be willingly relinquished for the guarantee of their well-being granted to them by the World Government."



Hollywood filmmaker Jew Steven Spielberg was invited to the 1999 Bilderberg meeting held at Sintra, Portugal.   

What business does Spielberg, a chieftain of the 'entertainment' industry have secretly mingling with international bankers, military intelligence and world political leaders? 




Because Hollywood is totally controlled by R and does perception management and mind control on his behalf.

Punch into Google search-
THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL



In May 2014, the 2014 Bilderberg meeting took place  at the Marriott Hotel in Copenhagen.  

For a list of people who attended the conference – click on the link below:-

http://vigilantcitizen.com/latestnews/bilderberg-2014-full-list-official-attendees/

 

Due to Jew Spielberg’s efforts in Hollywood,  80% of Americans now believe in Aliens and UFOs.

The primary way that the Rothschild bloodline has maintained their control, is through monopolizing the money supplies of entire countries.   This allows them to covertly extract wealth from billions of people through their governments without them even realizing it.




Skillful use of Hegelian tactics is a now a tactic of everyl modern politician.  The ultimate goal of every major political player in the game right now is to weaken both sides of every argument, so that a "middle ground" for the "common good" can be formed between them.   

This is the simple formula for tricking the world into accepting a totalitarian central government.    It's happening in every country on the planet.

Punch into Google search-
WORTH MORE THAN THE SUM TOTAL OF ENTIRE FORBES LIST  VADAKAYIL




A lot of Monsanto funded NGOs in India are "double agents".   



They fight tooth and nail for organic farming, but behind closed doors they are the agents for Monsanto.    Monsanto came to India for selling genetically engineered seeds by bribing Indian politicians.


Once you get into the pay roll of Monsanto there is NO way out.  It is just like doing a favour for any drug cartel .  Once IN there is no way OUT.



GM seeds are terminator or sterile seeds .   You cant plant them again, like organic seeds. You have to buy the seeds from Big Brother’s agents .



Punch into Google search-
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA VADAKAYIL



When AK-49 started his AAP, he was surrounded by USEFUL IDIOTS—all hoping for some plum post —or even to catch his eye..



Jew  Lenin said he would exploit the natural vanity and ambition of people to forward his agenda without them knowing what they were really doing.   

Below: Apun bhi PM material !



Eager to gain his favor and to enhance their own political careers, they would fall all over themselves trying to promote his agenda.   He called these types of people "Useful Idiots."



Combating the Hegelian Dialectic --

Today we saw Narendra Modi meeting the main stream media.

More than 30% of them had branded Narendra  Modi  as a blood drenched murderer and a diabolical woman stalker before he became PM.     

CHARACTER KA KHOON kiya tha !

Some of them are PRESSTITUTES in the pay roll of Big brother and ISI.

You do NOT need to do any time consuming and expensive Sherlock Holmes type investigation—as these Judases will always cover their tracks and remain buffered in multi-layers.

All Modi has to do is to suddenly launch into –

BHARAT MATA KI JAI – just once.

and

VANDE MATARAM – just once.

Have 3 HD cameras taking high speed photos ,   say 50 of them  from a vantage positions – CLICK CLICK  CLICK  -- video will NOT do.     

I say HD because I even want to check eye pupil dilation.   Slimy politicians always wear  dark glasses—never trust them.

I can tell within a hour who are the DESH BHAKTS , the JUDASES, the R payroll part and the ISI payroll party—with an accuracy of 99%  .

1% of them will be mental tubelights—cant help it

Below video:  WE Indian Hindus are proud of Aishwarya Rai for being a good Indian wife -- there is absolutely NO innuendo here. 

 

Ever since I became a captain of ships at sea I have dabbled in body language.   I have rarely been wrong in 3 decades .

Hegelian Dialectics will always BEND before body language.

Body language is an outward reflection of the emotional condition-- it can't lie--like words!   

When words and body language are in conflict-- ignore 'em words.

Body language has to be TRIANGULATED  for 100% surety.

That means you use three senses—sight, hearing and touch.

By sight- you see body language and facial expressions.
By voice- you can perceive the subtle change of tone.
By touch—touch his palm instantly before and after .

Lie detector tests work very well !

Snakes can taste fear !  Blood hounds can smell fear !!

Below: In Kerala when a Cobra enters our home compound , we call VAVA SURESH .    My wife's ancestral home in Kannur had a pet King Cobra much bigger that this -  it never harmed anybody-- it does 3 months ago .  I saw it 28 years ago-- huge royal guy taking weekly rounds, on a fixed route !.




Hearing is a dead give away.  

A sound wave is a longitudinal wave--a series of compressions and rarefactions.. Higher the frequency, higher the perceived pitch. 

The wonder of the cilia hairs inside the ear  is that it can perceive 1500 levels of pitch. 

Cilia waves 20000 times per SECOND at 20 Khz frequency-this is how wonderful you are . Basically a mechanical signal is converted  to an electrical signal. The inner ear cochlea is filled with liquid. Microscopic hairs called cilia project out into this liquid and they release a chemical neurotransmitter when stimulated. ( just like the cats's whiskers ). 

The number of discriminable tones in in the hundreds of thousands.  

The Hegelian Dialectic works for the ruling elite create a problem,  when they can correctly anticipate in advance the reaction that the population will have to the given crisis.  Only then they can prepare to condition the people that a change is needed.

When the population is properly conditioned, the desired agenda of the ruling elite can be presented as the solution.  

The solution isn’t intended to solve the problem, but rather to serve as the basis for a new problem or exacerbate the existing one.

When the newly inflamed difficulty reaches the boiling point of a crisis, it becomes the foundation upon which arguments may again be made for change   . 

Hence, the Hegelian Dialectic process is repeated, over and over, moving society toward whatever end the diabolical planners have in mind.

Hegel did use a three-valued logical model that is very similar to the antithesis model, but Hegel's most usual terms were: Abstract-Negative-Concrete.    Sometimes Hegel would use the terms, Immediate-Mediated-Concrete.    Hegel used these terms hundreds of times throughout his works.

The manipulators directs the media to incessantly focus on whatever they want to without recourse. The power of the media can create the false perception that a big problem exists, even if it doesn’t … 

Once you have created this problem you make sure that an individual, a group or an aspect of society is blamed.   This then rallies the population behind the desperate lunge for a solution to the problem. ‘Something must be done!’ they cry in unison.  

The people that created the problem in the first place then come back in and offer the solution that the people demand or a manipulated version of it.  .  The naïve WE WANT JUSTICE screaming people ( or begging on their knees folks ) , do not know that the problem was artificially created in the first place.

The solution is always a advancement of one or more aspects of the New World Order agenda – whether that is geopolitical expansion, new laws or the implantation of new societal worldviews.


This system of persuasive arguing was devised by Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel and would later become the framework for Karl Marx's "Dialectical Materialism," which, of course, eventually became the framework for communism.



The Hegelian dialectic of problem-reaction-solution has always worked , again and again and again .  It is a wonder why people cannot see though this nonsense .  Attack yourself, blame your enemies, and tell the public you can protect them if they give up their freedoms.



Using the concepts of the Hegelian Dialectic, the powers that be create the global conditions that lead to fear and uncertainty,  allow the targeted populations to demand "predetermined solutions," -- fed into their subconscious by the monopolized media.  



The manipulators will RELUCTANTLY agree and RELUCTANTLY act as if they must go along with the demands to give the appearance of carrying out the people's will.   It's all designed to get the people to willingly accept what they would have fought tooth and nail against.

Below: The Zionists have been using the Hegelian Dialectic--but see they blame the Nazis.



There is a concerted attempt by the jealous west to force India to mothball her enormous reserves of coal.  This is an INNER Bilderberg Club agenda. 



The IPCC (The UN International Climate Change Panel) was fathered in 1988 by the couple Rothschild- Maurice Strong, who was head of the Rio Summit and the UN Environment Program (UNEP).



Punch into Google search-
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING VADAKAYIL   .


People have been conditioned to believe that 200 of human activity is ruining a planet that is more than six billion years old.   

The United Nations has already announced that global communism is the best way to fight global warming.  They argue that the problem is so big and so complex that only a global government with complete control over the world's resources can solve it.  

This is despite the fact that Antarctic sea ice is hitting new record highs, confounding the climate models predicting otherwise.  The formula works the same here:  Create a crisis, cause fear and discontent, get people to demand your predetermined solution and then give it to them.

Below: Once a moron always a moron !



Al Gore wrote in Earth in the Balance, "I strongly urge the establishment of a Mission to Planet Earth, a worldwide monitoring system staffed by children...design to rescue the global environment."




Why children Al Gore bhaiyya ?







Kapil Sibal said that he created cyber laws to censor Internet for religious harmony ( sic) .    Hindus who objected to being unfairly branded as communal were punished for driving wedges and causing religious divides.  Only the Hindus of India  are expected to be tolerant?

Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi wanted full protection given to painter MF Hussian though he painted several vulgar pictures of Hindu gods in sexual orgies .

The Hindu men and women who protested against denigration of their gods were called TERRORISTS.  

Rahul Gandhi was exposed by Wiki leaks telling US govt that India's main problem is Hindu terrorism.  According to him RSS who fought for India's freedom is worse than Lashkar E Toiba.
Hindus are alien in their own country . They cannot tell the truth about desh drohi Muslims or Christians or immigrant races.



The Hegelian dialectic is being employed to secure and sustain absolute world power and authority to an elite.   We have fallen into a Hegelian trap and don't know it.

Even those who closely follow the debates within the political elite have no idea that they are resolved according to the Hegelian Dialectic.  Nor do they know that their own expectations about compromise is rooted in the Hegelian Dialectic.

Today most of India's separatists movements are done by freshly converted tribals who have been given to understand by the Christian missionaries that they are the original inhabitants of India--that Hindus talking Sanskrit are invaders into their country.

In Iraq, the US did propaganda that as soon as Saddam Hussain was captured he cried like a coward and offered millions of dollars in cash as bribe.  Within a few seconds a TRUTH video came out on internet which showed Saddam Hussain spitting on his US captors, and getting rifle butted on his face and kicked for that.

And the media reported that just when Saddam was about to hang he broke down in tears . While the truth video on Youtube taken by a mobile phone shows he said calmly in a most dignified manner , seconds before his neck was severed " I hereby bear witness , Allah is our God and Mohammed is his messenger"-- all this in between Shia muslims set up by US forces, trying to finger him ( a Sunni ) in a uncultured unIslamic manner .

Just a few Zionist moneybags owning few US companies want to gag and blindfold billions of world citizens.  If Walmart or DOW wants to support SOPA ( Internet censorship ) , it is not their thousands of employees who want that.  

For the Zionists the truth has become an inconvenience and a dangerous threat to its worldwide "holier than thou image" and power.     



Every book, every movie, every media talks about 6 million Jews killed in WW2 ( just because the star of David has 6 points ) --when there were only 3 million Jews in the whole of Europe-- just to create hype , and create a new state of Israel.

All genuine criticism of Zionism is automatically branded and disqualified as "Anti-Semitism", "Discrimination". All public debate on the political abuse and misuse of "The Holocaust" is branded as "Revisionist Denial", "Antisemitism", "Hate Mongering", etc... This is all tantamount to Intellectual Terrorism.





In India 90 million Hindus were killed in a most gruesome manner.  Till the internet age arrived , nobody knew this inconvenient truth .  Only white skinned  Christians are humans right ?--  rest are all animals, right ? 

Punch into google search –
UNQUANTIFIED GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL.


Big brother has perfected the art of milking both side in every conflict they have engineered.  Wars are extremely profitable for big brother (who controls all the central banking  ) who lends or creates  the money to finance them. They indulge in government favoritism in the granting of commercial subsidies or monopolies.

A Hegelian dialectic can be called a ``triple-false dichotomy'' - three lies that jail.   A triple-false dichotomy is an ostensible dichotomy between two artificial, i.e. false, extremes, which are not in fact diametric in consequence ( that is, the third falsehood is the precept that the extremes are related dichotomously).



When a philosopher with a muddled mind clads spirituality with a veneer of materialism what you get is evil.  The spiritualist is the mystic who preaches subordination to  ``God'' arising out of consciousness .  The materialist is the mystic preaches subordination to a vague and unaccountable ``public interest'', which his own presstitute media creates.

Big Brother has been pushing homosexuality as a depopulation measure.  He is very keen to introduce gay marriages in India. He has created God Men to propagate homosexuality.  

To show that this stooge Godman is indeed great he will open out branches for him in all the countries on this planet—at least his media and encyclopedia will write that-- even if there is nothing in brick and stone.   

In India we see how Triple Sri and the Brahma Kumaris are getting sponsored by benami TV and media. The rot is so deep that they even have presidents praising these Godmen and God women.. well that is the cost of becoming a president.

The ``god-men'' premise is that man can take on the role the theists believe ``god'' plays.  Marxism is the preeminent historical example of the ``god-men'' principle.  The ``god-men'' believe they can act as gods, commanding men without constraint and defining right and wrong.

Major politicians and celebrities are in his largesse  roll.   If a movie star praises homosexuality he / she will be given fathu publicity on his benami TV channels and media. Have you notices that all our Benami TV channels have special time segments for promoting Bollywood  actors ?  

The day they say homosexuality is no good or global warming does NOT exists they will be put on the back burner for ever.  The star’s movies will never become a hit.  

Most movie critics are controlled by Big brother.  If you are an author praising homosexuality your mediocre book with become an international hit. 

Punch into Google search-
IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION  VADAKAYIL

If you are a painter , you UGLY painting will fetch the best prize.   Even Suda the baby elephant can paint better than some of these paintings . Everything is controlled by big brother and his monopolized media.

Punch into Google search-

MODERN ABSTRACT ART AND PICASSO VADAKAYIL

Big brother will buy a vine yard, and his wines will fetch the highest prices. He himself is bidding for his bulllsh#t wine . His own wine magazines with cry WOW –what a good wine. All wine tasters are on his payroll.   Ever since I wrote the post below , the stock of USELESS French , Italian , Californian wine etc has come down several notches.

Punch into Google search-


CHILEAN WINE, AND THE ART OF WINE TASTING VADAKAYIL


The Hegelian style subverts the legislature.  

The House of Lords  ( Rajya Sabha )  has always been used as a tool by Big Brother .  

Rajya Sabha suited the British , for it is a legacy of colonial,  when the enslaved stupid masses had to be given the vote but still could not be trusted with a full set of keys to the house.

Our Rajya sabha is like "management quota" seats which the management sells to grab leverage out of fixers. Many businessmen have made it to Rajya Sabha by paying money to party presidents or MLAs. 

Recently a Rajya Sabha election was countermanded because around two crore rupees were found in a car and that money was meant to be payment to MLAs. We all know the reason why Sachin Tendulkar became a Rajya Sabha member -the waitress though she could convert this to votes .   

CM of UP Mayawati told it all when she said at a recent rally recently in a blunt manner “ Our PM  Manmohan Singh has not contested any public election…he was dragged through the back door in Rajya Sabha and made prime minister” . 

Do we really need pomp and show governors and Lt Governors?

House of Lords in England was a creation of Rothschild, so that he could VETO the voice of the people.

Government servants engage in crime and subvert justice to secure a Rajya Sabha seat of a Governor’s seat later after they retire.

Punch into Google search-
ABOLISH THE RAJYA SABHA VADAKAYIL



Membership in the Commonwealth is a Hegelian Dialectic ploy.

In 300 years the owner of British East India Company Rothschild  reduced India from the richest country in the world to the poorest.    Finally when they quit India in 1947, they made sure it will be BUSINESS AS USUAL for them. 

The Commonwealth of Nations (usually called simply "The Commonwealth") is a voluntary association of independent countries, nearly all of which are former members of the British Empire that chose on being arm twisted to join it when they gained independence. 

This Hegelian tool , has made sure that the right people in the power corridors of India who play ball are rewarded.

How do you think sons of politicians get to  study in the premium UK  and  Ivy-league Universities of USA?    How is that you and me cannot get in, except on merit ?  Why cant we get Commonwealth scholarships?   

Commonwealth  is kept alive by some DESH DROHIS who benefit from it. 

To the hell with the tea parties the white-man is holding with his former servitude to project their colonial glory.  No more converting past colonies into havens , for wealthy economic jackals in the name of economic development.

India must invest their time in the BRICS group of nations,  which have combined foreign-currency reserves of $4.5 trillion and account for 44 percent of the world’s population .

Punch into Google search-

INDIA MUST QUIT THE COMMONWEALTH VADAKAYIL



The Hegelian style subverts a democracy. 

In India we had the TWO pillars being subverted—LEGISLATIVE and EXECUTIVE   .

THE WAITRESS USED HER SECULAR CHELAS , R  COMMUNISTS ,  R  ATHEISTS etc TO FULL EFFECT .

SHE USED NAC AS HER OWN KITCHEN CABINET BYPASSING THE LEGISLATURE AND EXECUTIVE PILLARS OF OUR DEMOCRACY .

THE JUDICIARY AND MEDIA PILLARS  DID WAH WAH  ( REMOTE CONTROLLED BY BIG BROTHER FROM ABROAD ) -- WHILE SHE SUBVERTED INDIAN DEMOCRACY.

SHER NARENDRA MODI DISMANTLED DESH DROHI NAC AS SOON AS HE CAME TO POWER.

The NAC was set up on 4 June 2004 by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, during the tenure of the first UPA government -- set up by the waitress .

The COMMUNAL VIOLENCE BILL was a travesty of democracy and hijacked the Indian constitution .

The bill was an offspring of a RABID anti-Hindu psyche .

Any resistance to religious conversions ( by force / sops ) of Tribal will be targeted as an attempt to create hostile atmosphere and the CVB would be used against Hindu organizations.

The CVB was a parallel penal code to discriminate against the majority community.

The waitress using Bunty Sibal tried to pass the CVB ahead of national polls due by May 2014 in the hope of winning Muslim votes .

Tamil Nadu's CM J Jayalalithaa said it endows "unfettered powers" to human rights bodies at the centre and state, allowing them to issue orders to the state government.  For this and many other trespasses like crushing LTTE , she was in jail recently .

Thank god we are NOT at the mercy of these HUMAN RIGHTS FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs TODAY.

Punch into Google search-

TROJAN HORSE FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs OF INDIA VADAKAYIL

Above: Jaasthi Dialectic jub dimaag mein jaayenga -- toh yahi hoyeengga ! Isko khayeengaa --bolo toh ghar lekhe jaayenga ?





Selective leaks like WIKILEAKS selective de-classifying of old documents to convert sunrise to sunset and made Ravan out of Ram –are all part of the Hegelian Dialectic.

Take my case-  and I am NOT stupid .

I voted for Congress,  till Wikileaks revealed that AKKAL KA DUSHMAN told the US Ambassador that freedom delivering desi  RSS is worse than desh drohi Pakistani terrorist organisation Lashkar E  Toiba.

I waited for Yuv-Raj to deny this—he did NOT.   

Congress lost the support of my family—hardcore supporters , who supported Indira Gandhi during the Emergency.  



When Indira Gandhi lost the election at Rae Barriely to Raj Narain, the women in my family cried.  Today, I want Congress of the Italian Parivar to be buried !

KUCH SAMAJ MEIN AAYA  ,   YEH HEGELIAN DIALECTIC,   KAUN SA KHET KA MOOLI—NAY-- BEET ROOT HAI ?

VK Krishna Menon who was about to succeed Nehru as PM , was converted to an EVIL villain by the same method.

Punch into Google search-

WHY INDIA LOST THE SINO INDIAN WAR OF 1962 VADAKAYIL






There is an ongoing conspiracy of creating virus in the lab and releasing it in Third world countries, for spread of infectious diseases leading to pandemic, plague and pestilence on an unprecedented scale. 


Big brother will decide who gets to live and who dies. We in India have tasted it during the Surat plague and the rampant spread of Chinkungunya / dengue.



Below: Bill Gates really said that -- and so  far he has NOT denied it, or said it was a SLIP OF THE TONGUE.





WE IN INDIA NEEDS A SHER TYPE PRIME MINISTER ,  WHO UNDERSTANDS  AND PRACTICES REALPOLITIK. 

WE HAVE GIVEN MODI  , A MASSIVE MANDATE  BY BALLOT BOX   .

MODI MUST BE PRAGMATIC ,  HAVE A LION TYPE NON NONSENSE STYLE,   WALK GENTLY WITH A IRON ROD HELD IN A VELVET HAND -- 

-- TO INFLICT  PAIN TO JUDASES  AND DESH DROHIS ( FUNDED FROM ABROAD ) WHO TRY TO BLEED BHARATMATA  .

THE INTEREST OF THE WATAN  ( BHARATMATA ) MUST REIGN SUPREME  — AND WE INDIANS DO NOT MIND IF OUR ANCIENT DHARMA  ( ETHICS )  TAKES A BACK SEAT  FOR TWO DECADES .   

IN 20 YEARS WE MUST OVERTAKE USA AS WORLDS NO 1 SUPER POWER .

Take inspiration from Chanakya – the world’s best statesman .

Punch into Google search-

CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER  VADAKAYIL  .



The Hegelian Dialectic assumed various avatars.  One was RTI.

RTD means right to dis-information— and now this LIE becomes the gospel.

The Right to Information Act (RTI) is an Act of the Parliament of India "to provide for setting out the practical regime of right to information for citizens" and replaces the erstwhile Freedom of information Act, 2002.  



This law was the brainchild of the Italian waitress , and she got it  passed by Parliament on 15 June 2005.  

 This RTI struck at the roots of Indian National Security and dismantled the  the Official Secrets Act 1923 and various other special laws.  

Even classified Military information could be obtained by foreign funded TROJAN HORSE NGOs.  



Nowhere does our constitution say that National Military secrets can be revealed to the public –the JUDASES.   

Even frivolous things like what the soldiers eat and how many calories . 



AK-49 and Aruna Roy were was prodded by on foreign forces to get this RTI passed –both got Magsaysay awards .  In 2004, Aruna Roy was inducted into the National Advisory Council, a quasi-governmental body chaired by SUPER PRIME MINISTER –the Italian Queen Bee.



Foreign funded Trojan Horses have been black mailing people in positions of power.

I really salute the perceptive and eminent Supreme court Judges Justices RV Raveendran and AK Patnaik who observed  ” The RTI act should not be allowed to be misused or abused to become a tool to obstruct national development and integration or to destroy peace, tranquility and harmony among its citizens. Nor should it be converted into a tool of oppression or intimidation of honest officials striving to do their duty. The nations does not want a scenario where 75 percent of the staff of public authorities spends 75 per cent of its time in collecting and furnishing information to applicants instead of discharging regular duties.”




Desh Bhakts ( patriots )  who understand the Hegelian Dialectic, see the dangers looming on their motherland and who expose this on social media , are now branded bigots and extremists . 

The Indian Cyber  IT Laws of Sec 66 ( Kapil Sibal created ) are being used to eliminate such perceptive patriotic people as HATE MONGERS harmful for society .

Wake up Indians !




BOTTOM LINE:    HEGEL TRIED TO BRING THE BREATH OF BRAHMA INTO HIS DIALECTICS  --   

 

-- BUT HE WAS NOT INTELLIGENT ENOUGH !  

 

AKKAL KI BAATH HAI ! -- DHAKKAN !!            

 

I am sure all my readers will now be confused like the rest of this planet.

I have a method of putting is in a ridiculously simple way— sailors who know me will cry—the Captains method is called WITHOUT TEARS !

So here is HEGELIAN DIALECTICS WITHOUT TEARS.

Two decades ago, we had a bad cook on board.  

We literally suffered .  When you sack a bad cook sometimes a worse one may come on board .

So I rang up the manning boss ( an ex-captain ) and told him “ I need a cook who can make our saliva drool !”

He told me “ Ajit, I know a very good cook , he works in a hotel in Mumbai.  He worked before in SBI canteen and all used to go GA GA with his cooking. But he does NOT know a word of English –and you know we will lose our certification on this matter  “

I said “ Send him on board , trust me !”

As soon as he came on board , I used my cadet to teach him English.

Every day he was taught TEN opposites Hindi to English —UP/ DOWN,  COME/ GO,  FAST /SLOW – MAY BE/ MAYBE NOT types .  

He was given a beer and cigarette BONUS if he could recall and tell the meanings correctly the next day .

After 10 days –he knew 100 opposites –  and he now knew English.   

English is such a stupid language.

So now you are an expert in HAGELIAN DIALECTICS  ! 

Here is your certificate !!


TEEE  HEEEEEEEEEEEEE !


Hegelians don't care what the issues are .   Hegelians do not think for themselves, they follow orders.    For Hegel, the individual is merely a pawn in the larger unfolding of events!





Hegelians repeat words that have no meaning to them, throw around words they cannot define and have no interest in defining.   When asked directly what they mean by a particular word, they always respond with "what do you mean what do I mean?" as if you're just too stupid to be answered.



Open a dictionary and look up the term "Dialectical Materialism."  You should find something like this:
 "A philosophy founded by Karl Marx which forms the basis of Communist doctrine:  it combines the materialistic idea of matter over mind with the Hegelian dialectic in which opposing forces are constantly being reunited at a higher level."  -- Lexicon Webster Dictionary

BAAP   RE !   BAAYYE GAAD  !!




If we in India cannot guard Bharatmata against the diabolical foreign funded Hegelians , we will become a banana republic.

A servile government ruled by a soul less leader who abets  the rape and  exploitation of  his own country for financial kickbacks or a place in history is a banana republic.  We all know our nuclear deal , right?.

Bribes received by politicians from foreign conglomerates are called "Lobbying money"--basically a supari. This was what broker ( pimp ) Nira Radia was doing for the rich industrialists.

Once the SUPARI is taken , the goods have to be delivered –or else economic hit men -also known as Jackals will give pain or death.

Jew Samuel Zemurray ( Schmuel Zmurri ) financed by R ,the head of United Fruit Company once famously said “  "In Honduras, a mule costs more than a member of parliament."  

How much does an Indian Cabinet minster cost ?



In India , the  politicians and business houses have exploited the nation’s precious minerals and resources.    Like in a Banana republic all three segments, politicians, businessmen,  CBI/ police works for each other rather than for people, hence this politicians and businessmen nexus is next to impossible to break.

We Indians would rather have a BUY INDIA store than a BUY CHINA store.

We will NOT allow India to be made a DUMPING GROUND for "Chinese made first world reject" goods.

Due to the sincere efforts of the social media , we did NOT allow a toe hold to Monsanto and Walmart types—despite the enervating efforts of the BENAMI main stream media.

Punch into Google search-

WILL INDIA BE A BANANA REPUBLIC  VADAKAYIL




I have deliberately left this to the last.

The most effective use of thesis and anti-thesis was done by Rothschild even before Georg Hegel could think about this.

Rothschild in India operated as British and French ( family branches ) without anybody knowing .
R played SNAKES AND LADDERS with Tipu Sultan.

British were hostile to Tipu Sultan –the French were dripping honey all over him.

The British delayed the coup de grace , till Tipu Sultan used his Mappila spies in Kerala and collected all the gold from Kerala temples like bees –dirty sweaty work.

The temple vaults were hidden and recessed and were  so strong that it was impossible to batter into the the vaults using hammers.  The French Rothschild branch gave Tipu Sultan heavy guns and rockets.  

Below: While coming to Calicut ( my hometown ) the elephants carried heavy guns given by French Rothschild -- while going back to Srirangapatnam the elephants could hardly walk due to the weight of enormous Kerala temple gold in 1799 AD.



Salman Khurshid loves to say that Tipu Sultan invented rockets. TEE HEEEE !

After Tipu Sultan carted away the gold on hundreds of elephants, to Srirangapatnam—the British Branch of Rothschild shot him on his cheek while having breakfast . His palace guards were waiting in queue for monthly salary .

They carted away his enormous stolen gold in waiting Rothschild British East India Company ships and lo and behold— by THESIS AND ANTI-THESIS Rothschild became the richest man on this planet.

Sugriva and Vibhishana in reverse !!—brilliant !!!!

Below: Tali temple of Calicut -- some of the gold was hidden under the temple tank water -- but Tipu Sultan knew exactly where, thanks to the ungrateful half breed Arab Muslim Mappila spies.   




Below :  Our Calicut king Zamorin committed suicide, by blowing himself up fearing torture,  when Hyder Ali, the father of Tipu Sultan raided his palace in search of gold (after sending his relatives to Ponnani).. see the Mananchira Palace tank where royal women fold took private bath - today it supplies pure drinking water to Calicut, without chlorination .





SO SO SO—  WHO APPLIED THESIS ANTI-THESIS FIRST ?

HEGEL OR ROTHSCHILD ?

PRAY ?

PRITHEE ?

Georg Hegel did NOT even know of such a theory when this happened.  Like stupid Einstein-- Hegel was propped up with a great theory.

Below: Freedom fighter ( sic ) Tipu Sultan--Ravan becomes Ram--TEE HEEEEEEE !



TILL TODAY NOBODY ON THIS PLANET HAS PUT A FINGER ON HOW ROTHSCHILD BECAME THE RICHES ON THE PLANET IN 1799 AD!!

Punch into Google search-

TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL



Rothschild since then has supported both sides in every single war and milked both sides !

The Nira Radia tapes have exposed the way corporate do lobbying to even fix the appointment of Ministers so that they could reap the fruits of dictated and manipulated government policies. These tapes have also exposed how the ministers and bureaucrats function as cronies of the corporate sector and influence the actions and policies of the government in their interest.

CBI says that this woman had the latest state of the art Israeli anti-surveillance gizmos running on the telephones used by her and her close aides  at Vaishnavi Corporate Communications  and its sister organisations like Vitcom, Neucomp, and Neosys.

Once democracy yields to kleptocracy, good governance is given a silent burial. The vacuum thus created is filled by a vicious nexus among politicians, bureaucrats and the corporate who companioning together change the laws of the land to serve their respective interests. 

Over a course of time, the corporate interests take over the other interests and corporate start dictating terms to the politicians and the bureaucrats. For this they take recourse to greasing their palm or taking the help of lobbyists who, acting on behalf of corporates, influence the policy decisions of the governments, even trying to influence the appointment of ministers to the ministries which are of particular interests to them. 

Revelations by Neera Radia tapes are clear pointers to this direction.

Crony capitalism is a term describing an economy in which success in business depends on close relationships between business people and government officials. 

ndia has just become free after 800 years of slavery. These huge foreign corporates , as soon as they secure a toe hold , puts all important Indian power brokers in their pay rolls and then they run the government by remote control. The wealth of the country now gets siphoned out.

Hegelians convert our MPs and Ministers into desh-drohis and Judases with few pieces of silver. If wealth cant buy them – it will be muscle,  blackmail using honey traps or even assassination. Once you take a bribe, there is no way out.

In the post below I had predicted that the Italian Augusta helicopter deal will explode soon.

This is the meaning of EARLY WARNING RADAR-

Hegelians want to pull the plug from such EARLY WARNING RADARS  – like the blog posts  of Capt Ajit Vadakayil .    

Our constitution allows FREE SPEECH as long as you tell the truth.  

Punch into Google search-

KLEPTOCRACY IN INDIA, LOBBYING , PIMPING , BRIBING , CRONY CAPITALISM  VADAKAYIL



Did anybody ever say that India is a poor country.  With our scam money alone ( stashed away abroad ) we can buy out oil rich middle east countries..

There is no more independent journalism on regular Zionist monopolized mainstream media. You don't get published unless you espouse the corporate line.  If you don’t toe the corporate line , the foreign money bag who funds the media, will you get fired.

Investigative journalism" no longer exists—and if it does exist it is slanted to favor somebody who has “lobbied” .  Truth can only be found on the Internet, and you must look hard to find it.  Indians will do well to spot these double faced , desh drohi, media anchors and journalists.

Several retired IAS officers from sensitive ministries , opened up consultancy services for multinationals and they are now rolling in money. They have foreign kickback accounts and are doing foreign trips.  Is there no law to prevent all this?. 

Can you imagine— even Mother Teresa lobbied vigorously for UCC chairman Anderson .  

Dow has paid for UC liabilities in the US—but not in India.    

If you look at it objectively Nira Radia is not even 1 millionth , as bad as this Vatican poster girl -  nay-- super saint.

Punch into Google search-
DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA- VADAKAYIL.

India is a projected no 1 superpower in a TWO decades. We are a nation with a critical and strategic landmass , populated with intelligent people , where ALL companies want to invest money. 

We have to deal with foreign corporations from a point of strength. There is NO need to attract investment by scuttling the nation.

The multi-nationals can come to India to do business. We Indians will NOT allow them to "lobby"  ( buy our minsters) and rule our country by remote control , and siphon off our nation's wealth.

Government's priority in policy should be the countrys' and  citizens’ interest. It can’t be the other way around.
 


When Narendra  Modi was denied UK and USA visa, he declared  like a prophet   “ Very soon they will come on their knees begging for Gujarat visa” . 

Did you see the biggest financial cats with the deepest pockets , waiting outside Narendra  Modi’s door in USA ? 



Who had the better body language while walking in the King park—US President Obama or the Indian PM SHER Narendra Modi?



THE WHEEL IS TURNING FULL CIRCLE,  RIGHT?

BHARAT MATA  KI  JAI !

BOTTOM LINE :  CREATING AND USING SUCH HEROES , (  INCLUDING GOD MEN - FASTING OLD GOATS etc  ) IS A HEGELIAN DIALECTIC !!! 
*********************************************************************
SHRAVANA , MANANA , NIDIDHYASANA , THE WAY OF THE INDIAN GURUKUL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







On September 5 2014, on the occasion of Teacher's Day, all EVR Periyarites ( who mourned 15th Aug 1947 ) opposed the phrase 'Guru Diwas' coined for 'Teacher's Day',  saying that the former was in Sanskrit and should not be propagated in Tamil speaking areas. 

They would rather have it in the language of the white invader , whose stooge was EVR Periyar.
To know more about Rothschild sponsored EVR Periyar , click on the link below .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/hinduism-in-bali-turn-of-tide-and-hindu.html

The entire BENAMI Indian media went hammer and tongs supporting the EVR Periyarites  .

Let me quote TOI newspaper who published their view on this subject ( mind you they are supposed to give news - NOT their foreign owner's opinions )


QUOTE :  The move to rename Teachers' Day betrays a mindset that sees only one language — Sanskrit — as the repository of 'Indian' culture : UNQUOTE .


In ancient India , we had GURUKULS where students stayed with the Guru ( mentor ) .  The students were clay,  to be moulded by the Guru. 

The ancient Indian Guru as a mentor retains a magic control over the pupil even after he walks out of the ashram after his studies.  

The usual modern teacher  treats the mind as a vessel to be filled up, while the Guru ignited the mind in peaceful environments , next to a water body or a waterfall supercharges with negative ions .
If the environment is not OK , the dialogue between minds cannot happen.  

The Guru does NOT bid the shishya to enter the glorious house of his own wisdom  -- rather he leads him gently into the threshold of his own mind.  The Guru is a prober and never an interrogator. He does NOT play the power game .  

The core value is not to have an alliance rather it is solely to develop the shishya.  It is not a personal chemistry between two people or a training course.  It is a deep trusting personal relationship where a two way flow of respect and kindness happened.  

The guru was highly respected and he was a sage and a friendly advisor —NOT a teacher who worked for a monthly salary , who arm twisted his students to take private tuitions ( so that if there are poor results the school board does NOT sack him ).

The guru cared for his sishya and propped up  his self esteem.  He developed  him for the responsibilities of a lifetime by touching every facet of his being.  It went beyond counseling or obligatory relationships. Intuition , feelings , hunches –all came to play in this intense long term relationship—and for the Guru it was easy as he was a seer.   

The guru gave a chance to his shshyas ( pupils )  to vent negative feelings and get therapeutic relief and emotional release from dialectics.   The guru filled up performance gaps with positive information not nagging criticism.   

A guru was a  catalyst of change and proactively leading his pupils  to draw on their innate creative energy. His door was always open to his pupil even at midnight,- the comfort factor was paramount.  Only then would the pupil  be willing to trust and open up the doors of his mind to receive solutions.

Like a psychiatrist’s professional code, negative things volunteered by the pupil  remained with the Guru.  This is why the guru was a sage – he had character and integrity. 

He was skilled in broadening horizons of his pupils  . Dronacharya was a guru whose name even today is known by all.

Since this process is genuine , the Guru never hesitated  to terminate a Gurukul relationship any time without assigning reasons.

This process which went on in the ancient IndianGurukul was Shravana, Manana, Nididdyasana.

Shravana meant listening and understanding.

But what so we see today?


Are our college lecturers and teachers even doing the Shravana in its entirety ?   -they do just 10% !   

They just lecture and go .   

If they student does NOT understand the modern teacher accuses the student of being inattentive in class and forces him to take private tuition --for most of the time he cannot clear the doubt . 

He became a teacher because he did NOT get any other job which paid well. 


Shravana is just NOT a mere act of hearing the verse by your ears, it is NOT even listening , it meant understanding it .

Shravana, Manana and Nididhyasana , are the three ancient Vedic ladder rungs to consciousness..
Without Shravana,  there can be no Manana nor Nididhyasana.

The best of modern education involves only Shranana and manana  .

Modern education cannot dream of climbing the rung of Nididhyasana.  Because the rungs are NOT equally spaced. It is on a scale of 1: 100: 10000.



The modern lecturer just delivers 0.000001% of Gurukiul education and slinks away, before someone asks him a doubt and embarrasses him in class –  for he cant answer it. .

Adi Sankaracharya wrote in 2000 BC:-

श्रुतेः शतगुणं विद्यान्मननं मननादपि |
निदिध्यासं लक्षगुणम् अनन्तं निर्विकल्पकम् ||

"Reflection (manana) is hundred times superior to listening (sravana);   meditation (nididhyasana) is hundred times superior to reflection;  nirvikalpaka samadhi is infinitely superior."


Manana is reflection on the content imbibed by Shravana .  

Doubts and raised and cleared by dialectics. It was felt that Individuals think better than groups.   Human minds with imagination and superior subconscious pattern recognition can interpret things better while engaged in graceful dialectics with the guru. 

It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce.  

Dialectics, in Vedic gurukus was a method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses.  The ancient Indian Vedic dialectic is based on a dialogue between two or more people who may hold differing views, yet wish to pursue truth by seeking agreement with one another. 

There is NO compromise here. 

This is in contrast to debate, in which two or more people hold differing views and wish to persuade or prove one another wrong (and thus a jury or judge is needed to decide the matter), or rhetoric, which is a relatively long oration conducted by a single person.  

So Manana is contemplation till everything becomes crystal clear and there are no more doubts . By this process the information obtained by Shravana percolates into the bed rock of the mind


Now let me talk about Niddhidyasana—or realization .

 His learning is shored up by intense practice.

By the time a student left the gurukul after his learning period—he was a master —in the zone – in full flow.

While the modern student had to use his brain to figure out whether he must press he clutch , brake or accelerator , and swet over it —the gurukul student would allow his body intelligence or cellular memory to dictate which pedal to press.  He could drive while day dreaming in heavy traffic like a cool cat.
  


In 4000 BC, Prince Arjuna looked at the unsteady revolving gold fish overhead by looking into a shimmering water pool below, and hit the ruby eye of the fish, to win the hand of Princess Draupadi . 



It was a piece of cake for him.  This was a test of consciousness, as only human beings can see themselves in a mirror along with elephants, which are found in Indian temples.

A few animals like chimps and bonobos pass this mirror test partially.  Arjuna was in the zone. This is a feeling mode, and NOT a thinking mode.    

When you are in a feeling mode, there is no negativity.  The less you think, the more you achieve.  

When the mind has repeatedly instructed the body to perform an action, the body will begin to remember the action better than the thinking brain.  

Can you type better by putting your brain in gear—sorry— your flying fingers will slow down to a crawl.



Communication between cells is faster than the speed of light. Every human being is a micro cosmos within himself.   He is a universe of cells, each with its own individual intelligence. The intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the human system. 

Cellular memory, unlike the memory of your brain, stores experiences not just facts and figures. Cells die by millions every minute.  The cast off physical bodies of the cells are thrown out of the human system as solid and liquid waste -urine, excreta, sweat.. 



The life spark in each cell immediately reincarnates and does so over and over again as long as the human system lasts. The intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the human system.


Nidhidhyasana refers to the contemplative state which is induced by the verse a student has listened to and understood. He will chew the cud over this by meditation and now can interpolate and extrapolate to glimpse the magic of that verse.

To get a brief introduction check out the Nidhidyasana involved in the post below-

Punch into Google search-

NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS VADAKAYIL

The shallow white man cannot really contemplate to extract the wisdom in any ancient Vedic verse.  His DNA is NOT programmed for this, and it is beyond him .


Sruti is the seed of Vedantic knowledge sown by the Guru  in the mind of shishya who then tends that seed by Shravana, Manana and Nididhyasana.


Do you really think that people like EVR Periyar, BR Ambedkar and their ilk can understand all this?

By Nididhyasana or deep contemplation ( meditation ) the information processed by Shranana and Manana becomes  part of the individual ( cellular memory ).  

When you get REM sleep the information merely transfers to the subconscious mind ( RH brain lobe for right handers ).

Nididhyasana , leads to the realization of Truth.



Brihadaranyaka Upanishad defines Nididhyasana as the meditation for the sake of direct vision.  
Maharishi Yajnavalkya tells his wife Maitreyi  –

आत्मा वा अरे द्रष्टव्यः श्रोतव्यो मन्तव्यो निदिध्यासितव्यो मैत्रेयि,
आत्मनो व अरे दर्शनेन श्रवणेन मत्या विज्ञानेनेदं सर्वं विदितम् ||

ātmā vā are dṛṣtavyaḥ śrotravyo mantavyo nididhyāsitavyo maitreyi
ātmano vā are darśanena śravaṇena matyā vijñānenedaṃ sarvaṃ viditam

"The Self, my dear Maitreyi, should be realized – should be heard of, reflected on and medtated upon;  by the realization of the Self, my dear, through hearing, reflection and meditation, all this is known." –   (Brihadaranyaka Upanishad St.II.iv.5) - 5000BC



Nididhyasana is the practice of atma-vichara, self-enquiry, self-investigation, self-scrutiny or self-attentiveness.    It leads to Nirvikalpa Samadhi from where there is no return into lower states of consciousness. Samadhi is a spiritual state of consciousness. 

There are various kinds of samadhi. Among the minor samadhis, savikalpa samadhi happens to be the highest. Beyond savikalpa comes nirvikalpa Samadhi. In nirvikalpa samadhi there is no mind, there is only infinite peace and bliss.

Disciple of Adi Shankaracharya Suresvara wrote what his Guru taught him 4000 years ago :-

शास्त्रचार्यानुभवनैर्हेतुभिश्च समर्थितः|
ईदृगैकात्म्यसंबोधो निदिध्यासनमुच्यते ||

"Nididhyasana is so called when, instruction about the uniqueness of the Atman is justified
by (proper) reasons viz. the Sruti, (the instructions of) teachers and (one’s own) experience (of the same)."


Nididhyasana is a state in which a knowing is present without needing words.  The words used during contemplation, can fall away and will lead the seeker to silence.  It is a silence filled with knowing. The seeker can rest in this knowing.



The white man has never understood the extent of a Vedic way of meditation. It will NOT be possible for him to understand this too. 

However let me try.  

Keep your fu#kin’ brandy and cigars aside --ready ?.



Your prayer is NOT meditation !  It is just a petition to  God.

Meditation is a detached observation of one's own mind, and its processes.  The spiritual aims are peace of mind, wisdom, and, ultimately, a state of enlightenment or self-realization.  During meditation thinking is separated from perceiving, so that the individual can stand apart from the emotional self. 

The reason why people remain mired in negativity is because of the beliefs they have inherited over time.   Beliefs are subconscious. So a Maharishi named Manu can never benegative or a bigot , no matter how much you try.

The ancient Vedic  Indian psychology has a  fourfold scale, which represents the degrees of the ladder of being by which man climbs back to the source, the absolute divine.

The change, from “here” to “there,”  is not an uneventful process at all.

There come dry periods, deviations, violent alterations, and temptations. If there are raptures and azure heavens, there are anaconda agonies and absolute abandonments, howling hot deserts and “dark cold nights of the soul” to go through.

Streaming tears of joy, horripilation (bristling of the hair), stigmata (bodily marks or pains), and parapsychological phenomena have been known to develop.

The first stage of meditation  achieves detachment from sensual desires and impure states of mind through analysis and reflection and thereby attains an emotional state of satisfaction and joy.

In the second stage, intellectual activities are abated to a complete inner serenity; the mind is in a state of “one-pointedness” or concentration, joy, and pleasantness.

In the third stage, every emotion, including joy, has disappeared, leaving the meditator indifferent to everything while remaining completely conscious.

The fourth stage is the abandoning of any sense of satisfaction, pain, or serenity because any inclination to a good or bad state of mind has disappeared.  The meditator thus enters a state of supreme purity, indifference to everything, and pure consciousness.

Comprehendo?

I knew you cant— so leave it !


The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the human mind.

So, what is the difference between a quantum physicist and an ancient Indian maharishi seer of 9500 BC ?

The seer placed himself inside and saw outwards.   

The quantum scientist with a shriveled pineal gland and 2 strand DNA ( 97% junk ) with pre-conceived notions pounded in by a moron Isaac Newton  stood outside and peeked inside all the while scratching his head.

In their state of higher consciousness the seers realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.

The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.

The Vedas state that without manifestation of time, the unmanifest material energy cannot become active and take form.

“Elementary time is measured to its covering of a particular elementary space.  That time which covers the unmanifest aggregate of the elementary particle is called the great time ( Mahakala )” :- Bhagawatam  3.11.14- 5000 BC.

While modern mathematics, science and technology centre around linear dimensional reality , but the Vedic systems avail multidimensional spiraling reality.

Our human brain is in reality none other than a biological space-time energy transducer. As such, it creates not only space, but also time. Adi Shankaracharya pondered about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge.

He was the first metaphysicist.  Metaphysics  means “what comes after physics”.  Its object is to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is insofar as it is-- with reality as a whole.

It is a call to recognize the existence and overwhelming importance of a set of higher realities that ordinary men could not deduce.

Metaphysics is the science of ultimate reality , as opposed to appearance or the contrast between appearance and reality . 99.9999% of every atom is empty space.

What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.999 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.  We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.999% empty space. 

THIS EMPTY SPACE , THE INTELLIGENT MORPHOGENETIC FIELD IS BRAHMAN-- THE HINDU GOD , AS PER ADVAITA VEDANTA 

The universe is in perfect harmony and balance. The cosmos is a unified system. A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole ( Kali ) . 

In the 7000 year old Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great ancient Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma of men who became brokers of Gods or Gods themselves , burnings at the stake, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.

These Indian sages were not satisfied with their intellectual speculations. They discovered that the universe remained a mystery and the mystery only deepened with the advance of such knowledge, and one of the important components of that deepening mystery is the mystery of man and consciousness. The Upanishads became aware of this truth, which modern science now emphasizes.

"The Upanishads contain such godlike fullness of wisdom on all things that I feel the authors must have looked with calm remembrance back through a thousand passionate lives, full of feverish strife for and with shadows, ere they could have written with such certainty of things which the soul feels to be sure."--A. E. George Russell -Poet, mystic.

Being in the zone is a state of mind—where you are free of thinking and negative emotions and in A FEELING MODE.    The less you think, the more you achieve .  

All have a sense of finesse and grace, with mind and body working in perfect unison All of them are beyond the boundaries of human ego, and feel that they are part of something larger, where the laws of the physical world cease to exist, transcending the condition of being human.

--All trust their instincts and intuition to do the right thing at the right time, without reasoning or analysing.

--All can feel what’s gonna happen next and act according with the flow . The game comes to you and not you going to the game. 



GENIUSES ARE ORDINARY PEOPLE WHO CAN MAKE CONSCIOUS THEIR UNCONSCIOUS PERCEPTIONS.    

REMEMBER , EVERYTHING YOU DO WELL WITHOUT AWARENESS ,IS DONE BY THE SUBCONSCIOUS.




When the left and right lobe of the brain works in harmony, the unleashed mysterious K force can made you achieve the extraordinary .


Nididhyasana is the last frontier the mind has to cross. It is the ultimate sadhana which one has to keep doing till the Truth is realised.   

Nididhyasana is the final step of the spiritual journey but the most difficult one.   It is only with the grace of God and attunements received from of the Guru that one can reach and cross over this stage.



Adi Shankaracharya said 400 years ago – ‘Jnanena hi pramaanena avagantum ishtam brahma’ – that this jnana, this knowledge which one has gained through the buddhi is like a pramaan, a means to gain Brahma avagati, the direct realisation of that Brahman.

For nidhidhiyasan, the guide is the knowledge but finally the knowledge is also left behind and one remains as that Supreme Truth alone.    Nididhyasana is the practice of atma-vichara, self-enquiry, self-investigation, self-scrutiny or self-attentiveness.  



It leads to Nirvikalpa Samadhi from where there is no return into lower states of consciousness, and in which state there is no longer mind, duality, a subject-object relationship or experience.

Nididhyasana or atma-vicara (self-enquiry), is subjective meditation in which there is no focusing of consciousness or effort of will in which process the ego withdraws into the source.  Upasana, which is symbolic meditation, can give the required training to the mind to proceed with Nididhyasana.



Nididhyasana is the process of being the Self after knowing the Self. For nidhidhiyasan, the guide is the knowledge but finally the knowledge is left behind and one remains as that Supreme Truth alone.




The teaching of the Upanishads is divided in ten nididhyasanas, and the last is Aham Brahmasmi, I am Brahman.  



At the end of it all , the Guru and the shishya recite Aham Brahmasmi together- and then they part probably never to see again .  


When you remove the limitations of the mind, the ahamkara disappears, Brahman appears. 

All this is called the nididhyasana and you do it through the tarka pragnya is the base of the nididhyasana. It is about experiencing what has been understood.




According to Rig Veda the knowledge of the "soul," or the Self of all beings is the prerequisite to the understanding of anything else.

The Upanishads say: "Know that, by which everything is known”. 



Once we have a glimpse of the omnipresent nature of our consciousness, once we have a glimpse of a field of existence that is indeed the omnipresent source of all that exists, we naturally start to be aware of the interconnectedness of all levels of creation. 



Once we have seen the whole, we start to recognize the parts as expressions of the whole. Since the whole is holistic in its nature, its expressions are holistic representations of the whole.


"Aham Brahmasmi" - "I am Brahman, I am the totality, really I am everything."- Upanishads 5000 BC



Below: Lord Shiva as the FIRST Guru Daksinamurthy, attuning the 4 Sanatkumaras in total silence 




The sons of Brahma, who had mastered the Vedas and Upanishands at a very young age , the four Kumaras Sanaka, Sanandana, Sanatana and Sanatkumara,  came to have Darsana of Lord Siva and prostrated before him.  

They entreated Lord Shiva to teach them the way to remove the veil of Maya or illusion.   

Below: The curse of the 4 Sanatkumaras is the reason why Vishnu's beloved gatekeepers Jaya and Vijaya had to be bailed out by Vishnu in several avatars.  Every thing was pre-ordained !   Jaya and Vijaya were first born as Hiranyaksha and Hiranyakasipu.  Vishnu as Varaha the boar killed most powerful Hiranyaksha ( Jaya ).  Vishnu took another avatar as Narasimha the lion man to kill powerful Hiranyakashipu ( Vijaya ).  

In their second life Jaya and Vijaya were born as Ravana and his brother Kumbhakarna .  This duo was killed by Vishnu as avatar Lord Rama .  

In their third life Jaya and Vijaya were born as weaker Sishupala and Dantavakra.  This duo was killed by Vishnu as avatar Lord Krishna.



Above:  The four Kumaras mastered the Vedas at the age of five, and were powerful in their own right !.  An allegory in the Puranas says that the 4 Kumaras, the first progeny of Brahma, were without desire or passion, inspired with the holy wisdom, and undesirous of progeny. They refused to procreate, but were compelled later on to complete divine man by incarnating in him.  The kumaras eventually “sacrifice” themselves , in a pre-ordained manner by an incident , thus incarnating in mankind.

Lord Shiva, hearing this appeal made by the sages, assumed the form of Dakshinamurti .  

He attuned them to the brain wave frequency of Turiya and transferred the requisite knowledge to them by telepathy in total silence.— in a process called ATTUNEMENT.



In Turiya state there is the absolute awareness.  It is the experience of ultimate reality and truth. You are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth.



Para represents the transcendental consciousness;
pasyanti, the intellectual consciousness;
madhyama, the mental consciousness;
vaikhari, the physical consciousness.

Four stages: consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)

Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.
Finally, the semi-circle symbolizes Maya and separates the dot from the other three curves. It is the illusion of Maya that prevents us from the realization of this highest state of bliss. 

The semi-circle is open at the top and does not touch the dot. This means that this highest state is not affected by Maya. Maya only affects the manifested phenomenon. 

In Turiya thoughts subside and one becomes increasingly more awake; the mind settles down and consciousness itself becomes primary. 

Mediators describe this as pure consciousness or unbounded awareness. One sees the entire world and all things within it as part of oneself, and oneself part of all.

 Turiya  is a state of transcendence, the result of arduous meditation.  There can be no consciousness without passage through intense pain. The Upanishads equates this experience with enlightenment.


We ordinary people lack contact with our fourth state of consciousness, and so we fail to live up to our potential as human beings.

Reality and truth become more clearly defined, allowing you to perceive that which lies above, below, and beyond the human experience.  This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity . This highest state is not affected by Maya .

Turiya Consciousness  is the ultimate goal of spirituality for here you know what freedom is all about.


A sage is an extraordinary being. A sage does not dream, because he has no polarity. He’s just a witness.

This witness never sleeps. It is eternal awareness or Nirvana.


Turiya is the totality of everything, and the headwaters from which all consciousness flow.  It is said in the Mandukya Upanishad.  “ It is unseen, transcendent, the sole essence of the consciousness of self, the completion of the world.”   

In Turiya there is total mental clarity, and complete inner peace one recognizes the Self in every shining atom of existence.




Nididhyasana is a subjective meditation (atma vicara), in which the yogi withdraws his ego to its original source, instead of allowing it to chase the surrounding world.  

As withdrawal of ego is complicated, the aspirant by observance of continence, and with the help of an adept guru, motivates and prepares his intellect through upasana initially, and rises to nididhyasana level of contemplation.


Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves.  

Scalar waves travel faster than light.  The ignorant west will understand all this after 100 years when India wields the  scalar weapons of Nikola Tesla.  

Scalar waves generated in the body also provide an energetic communication system that connects all cells.  This energy contains the power of the universe and has unlimited potential. 

The DNA helix is basically a mobius coil. The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous.


Realisation is different from understanding. Our thoughts and actions are sometimes dissociated.  At its highest level, knowledge blends with the being; it transforms the person.

Unlike the mere scholar, a true saint realises truth in his being.  When this happens, one's being and knowing become identical. Truth is not merely to be known but realised in one's being. 

No point in knowing drugs are harmful while still injecting yourself with heroin.

The individual would no longer be an information machine. He is truth himself.  A doctor who goes beyond understanding medicine lives the life of a noble physician,  who follows his oath and follows the laws of the universe..


Our intuition is like the weather vane, pointing us in the right direction. It does not take your decisions.  Any idea or thought you yourself accept as true will be taken as a command by the subconscious mind, as it cannot distinguish between dreams and reality .  

It pays to remember -- The subconscious responds to stimuli, not pressure. 

The face of a high board diver in the Olympics just before the jump for the gold medal -- is the face of a human being in the zone.  The brain has surrendered to the body.  



Your attention is undivided and your awareness merges with your action.  You are now inside the waterfall of the flow,  highly aligned with the task in hand. There is NIL anxiety. 



All biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which include thought and intention.  Scalar waves can also be generated by balancing the RH and LH lobes of your brain, if your pineal gland is still not calcified.  

Our cellular memory can store the memory of physical trauma like accidents, wounds, surgeries, abuse,trauma , fear etc that manifests in low self-esteem, stress etc. When trauma is suppressed into the cellular memory, that energy can get stuck. 

Vaccines can be used to explain cellular memory. You are given a shot that contains a small controlled amount of a bacteria. Your immune system immediately sets up a counter-offensive to keep you from getting sick from it.  Then your immune system 'remembers' that type of experience to keep you healthy. This means vaccines evoke cell memory by their actions. Cells can “remember” how to fight a virus so you won’t get reinfected. 

Cellular memory is the reason why after a heart transplant, patients are given immune suppressant drugs to stop their own bodies from attacking the new organ. YEH HAMAAR MAAL NAAHI HAI

The sound of a particular mantra has to pass through  para,  pasyanti,  madhyama and vaikhari stages before it is fully experienced by the listener in perfection. 

Each stage of sound corresponds to a level of existence, and one's experience of sound depends upon the refinement of one's consciousness.   

These four levels of sound correspond to four states of consciousness.
Para represents the transcendental consciousness;
Pasyanti, the intellectual consciousness;
Madhyama, the mental consciousness;

Vaikhari, the physical consciousness.


In a Gurukul there is a mass prayer , where the sishyas pray for the realization of a full life.  Sayana prescribes four processes – sauca (purity), santosa (contentment), tapas (penance) and swadhyaya (self-study) for the realization of a student’s aims.  

In the gurukula system the teacher always instructed the pupils to speak the truth, and practice virtue.

Below was the prayer in Taxila University where Chanakya was a professor .  He resigned the day a foreign student told him that Alexander the Great has crossed the Dardenelles with a huge army on horses.




This chant is 7000 years old-- written in Sanskrit.

When the rest of the world ate raw meat ,  lived in dark caves , ran around naked , did grunt grunt for language , and could not think beyond eating, going for a crap and sleeping -- Indians were talking about consciousness and quantum physics..

ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मा अमृतं गमय ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥

Om Asato Maa Sad-Gamaya |
Tamaso Maa Jyotir-Gamaya |
Mrtyor-Maa Amrtam Gamaya |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

Meaning:
1: Lead us from Unreal to the Real,
2: Lead us from the Darkness to the Light,
3: Lead us from the Fear of Death to the Knowledge of Immortality.
4: OM- Peace, Peace, Peace.



The disciple in the Vedic school was called brahmacarin.   He had to dedicate his life for the sake of gaining knowledge, and leading a  graceful life.   

In his formative life he must lead an austere and disciplined life.   He had to strictly abide by the rules of conduct and behaviour stipulated by the Guru   

The Upanishads clearly describe the qualities required for a brahmacarin.  A shishya had to be calm, patient, self-restrained and self-denying.  


DIGRESSION: EVERYTHING IN LIFE IS RELATIVE ,  RIGHT?


Recently I saw a program of TV .

A young pretty teacher , who chucked her job in USA, was being egged on by the Indian TV presenter, to say how the call of patriotism gravitated her back to India.

I have seen a train load of men without balls-- this female had it. She had character too.

She cried, yet she came out with the naked truth.

On the first day itself with her heart pounding with excitement, as she was gonna teach in the land on milk and honey, she got the rudest shock of her life.

All her students aged 16 to 18, were rude to here. One of them called her a fuc#in'  bitch.


The last straw was when one huge black guy sitting in the front row whipped out his huge stiff member and started masturbating, all the time looking at her figure with a glazed look on his face.




She continued till the end of class and then ran to the teachers wash room to cry and wash her face. There she saw her colleague crying loudly like a wounded animal .





Another pretty teacher , from a poor family in India had joined the same day. This lady had taken loans to secure a job and travel there, and there were huge expectations back home.

In her class it was a weird white guy with cold sores on his lips and punk hair do, who did the honors with his tiny flaccid member.  




She was called bitch by a black girl.




Both resigned their jobs and left within a week.

The following is a QUOTE/ UNQUOTE from my post below-
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/03/white-slavery-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html

QUOTE :-


Now compare this--

One day sage Parashurama was resting with his head in the lap of Karna.  Soon he fell asleep. Meanwhile a big insect started to bite the thigh of Karna. He felt agonizing pain and blood started to ooze from the wound.

But he endured lest the sound sleep of his revered Guru should be disturbed. But the stream of warm blood reached the Guru due to which he was awakened from his sleep.



He was amazed at the degree of tolerance and endurance of Karna who did not even stir or move his body at such a great pain. But a thought crossed Parashurama’s mind:  how could a mere Brahmin boy tolerate such great pain!

Brahmins are not known to show such grit in enduring physical suffering, rather the warrior caste is known for IGNORING PAIN.



Thence, Parashurama asked Karna his real name and identity.

Karna would NOT lie.

He told his story to his Guru and begged his pardon to have come in the disguise of a Brahmin.

Parashurama was annoyed. 




He cursed Karna saying: “O Karna, even though you are great in bravery, art of archery, and in service to me, still as you have deceived your Guru, I send a curse to you that at a crucial time on the battle-field the wheels of your chariot will get stuck in the earth. The consequences would be grave.”




Arjun saw only the eye of the fish overhead . At that time the activity in the neocortex ceases and there is no thinking.  The cerebellum takes over at that point.   

When the frontal lobe is activated you have focus, clarity, decisiveness, concentration, pro activeness and individuality.  




When the mind has repeatedly instructed the body to perform an action, the body will begin to remember the action better than the thinking brain.   Communication between cells is faster than the speed of light.  

This is how TT players retrieve a full blooded smash . Nerve cells are called neurons.




Knowing how to be in the flow, gives athletes the winning edge.  Sports psychology is all about knowing how to trigger this state, which ancient Indians were experts in .

The end product of a Gurukul was  an all round , well balanced personality , an expert in life management.   

His greatest wealth was  contentment with little . It consists in simple wants. The blatant display of status symbols  is the result of low self esteem.

The self confident person can afford to project a modest image.  Only people with inferiority complex wants to impress others. He will never fall into the same hole twice

For a Gurukul product no order is higher than his own intelligence and conscience .  He is a success in life as all he really wants is only what he really needs.

Man has 3 sides to his nature –body, mind and spirit .  A proper balance between the three is desired.  If any of the 3 is undeveloped he will suffer in life.

He was an expert  in life management.    Life is a combination or physical, intellectual and spiritual aspects.   Without spiritual development , man is without love or positive emotions ( affection, care, respect, sympathy ) .  Self respect commands respect from others.

The system was based on simple living and high thinking.  The environment was respected .  Classes were next to a water body under a banyan tree which gave positive vibes..


Shishyas ate vegetarian food.   Self defence , sanskars ( ancient etiquette ) was a compulsory part of education.

The gurukul product will engage any problem without getting overwhelmed.  He will find a good match between the demands of the situation and his own innate ability.    



All these modern psychiatrists talk about past life regression.  This means they are Hindus or they have stolen from our ancient texts. 

For only in Hinduism we have endless re-births till a person obtains Moksha , as a result of NIL Karmic baggage .  

Past life regression is mentioned in the Upanishads of ancient India and is also  discussed in great detail in the Yoga Sutras of Patañjali.   The Hindu scholar Patañjali discussed the soul being burdened with an accumulation of impressions that were part of the karma from previous lives. 


Patanjali called the process of past life regression, prati-prasav ( literally "reverse birthing"), and involved addressing current problems through memories of past lives. 



Past life regression a Vedic technique of Charaka is recommended for people who are willing and decided to change, to secure relief from vices, negativity, repetitive illnesses, phobias, separations and conflicts, inability to love,trust, learn. etc.

Upon completion of the past life regression therapy, subjects are able to “reverse and resolve” phobias, negativity and vices  which, they were unable to solve through any other modern treatment or therapy. 



Each cell in our body stores memories from early life, intra-uterine life, our parents and ancestors as well as, many past generations.  A bio computer essentially acts like a file which when triggered causes us to act in a repetitive manner..  Erasing stored traumatic experiences from our cellular memory is akin to deleting a virus from a computer.   

ALL VEDIC HEALERS WERE PSYCHIATRISTS -   HOW MANY OF TODAYs PSYCHIATRISTS  ARE HEALERS ? 

Oh Yeah?

Then why do a lot of them commit suicide ?

If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level.  Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening will continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy. 

Every cell in our body has the ability to remember.




Modern science teaches us that our cells contain DNA-- Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed-  mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC -- is the blueprint for the complete design of our physical bodies.  



They also hold the blueprint for our emotional, mental and spiritual state.



Our cells remember all of who we have been in past lives and all that has been in this life right up to the present day (hence the term cellular memory). 





Human evolution was lifted from Indian scriptures by IDIOT Charles Darwin.   He though if our Ramayana can have people with tails, definitely there is something to this.


Below:  TIME FOR A MENTAL ORGASM --  to make some immoral folks spill their brandy on their cigars, and get into a tail spin !. 

Check out the profound thoughts penned down 7000 years ago by ancient Indians , when the white man was running around naked doing grunt grunt for words . 

The 4 Vedas and the 108 Upanishads are to India what the Crown and Scepter are to an anointed king. They are India's proudest and most ancient possessions. It hardly matters if you are a Christian or a Muslim or even a Pakistani-as long as you have Indian DNA.  For Vedas are NOT about religion. 

A brilliant man like Schopenhauer found the Upanishads to be the "solace" of his life and death, and Kant found the Hindus were "gentle", that "all nations are tolerated amongst them." . 



India has the unique record of never attacking any country or stealing , in the past history.  All the obligatory duties of the Hindu owe their allegiance to the Vedas. The Vedas in its unchanged unabridged format in Sanskrit verses , have guided the Indian’s  religious direction and conscience of its denizens for ages and will continue to do so till our sun goes supernova. 

The ancient Maharishis ( products of Nididhyasana ) were Epistemologists whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge. Vedas show how ancient rishis experienced the divine reality and how they responded with exuberant joy, confidence and a feeling of intimacy. 



This literature is not rustic or primitive but highly developed in its literary form, in its intellectual insight, and in its questioning attitude. The glory of this vast literature is its imaginative and emotional qualities. 

The Vedas are not puerile babblings of rustic troubadours or minstrels , but sedate out-pourings of exceptionally sharp and graceful minds in quest of truth .  Like indestructible diamonds of brilliant fire they have come down several millenniums by oral route, before they were penned down 7000 years ago, with no need to be revised or abridged, to suit the modern era.  



From the Vedas evolved the Upanishads, whose copious enquiries into the nature of man, the Universe, and God, strike the intelligent and high IQ modern scientific mind with speechless wonder.  Vedas are verses written in the most digitally perfect language in the world, Sanskrit. The rishis made claims so cosmic that even modern physics seems only to be catching up with them and realizing, after every scientific breakthrough, that the ancients were there long before them.

The Vedas  are the world's oldest intellectual legacies. They are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. They have been heirlooms of the Hindus from generation to generation.  Vedas record the spiritual experiences of souls strongly endowed with the sense for reality. 


The Vedas are the quintessence of classical Hindu philosophy. Thinking with your heart; loving with your mind. All yoga and meditation aim to attain this goal. Anything else is Maya delusion, or worse.  And when the heart sees, it sees the unknowable, nameless, formless, limitless, supreme God. 

The Vedas are the inspired utterances of a whole galaxy of realized souls, of spiritual geniuses, of people not merely well versed intellectually but with spiritual enlightenment. Vedic hymns are used today at Hindu wedding ceremonies, and temple and school prayers  in an astonishing example of continuous tradition. The feat of memorizing and handing down a vast amount of oral literature is a hallmark of Hinduism.

While the Vedas look outward in reverence and awe of the phenomenal world, the Upanishads look inward,  finding the powers of nature only an expression of the more awe-inspiring powers of human consciousness. 



I would like you to reflect on how many millions of people were killed by Christianity and Islam , reflect on the senseless Inquisitions and Crusades .In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion,  rare in the history of thought.



The sages who gave us the Vedas and Upanishads did not care to leave their names; the truths they set down were eternal, and the identity of those who arranged the words irrelevant. The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. They are crammed with thoughts that wander through eternity.  

Their message is that there is far more to life than success, and far more to success than money; and there can be no higher destiny for man than to be engaged in endless seeking after endless truth.

They give answers to the three  questions :--

"Where is the life we have lost in living"
Where is the wisdom we have lost in knowledge?
Where is the knowledge we have lost in information?

The Rishis had repeatedly emphasized that the ultimate reality lies beyond the realms of the senses and the grey matter beneath our skulls.

Hark again to the Upanishads:--

"There the eye goes not
Speech goes not, nor the mind.
We know not, we understand not,
How would one teach it?"



The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the divine play. Many millineums later the scientific mind still boggles at the scale of creation which makes infinity intelligible. In their state of higher consciousness the rishis realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe. 

Today science has relearned that lesson.  Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. 



The Vedas and the Upanishads are summits of thought on mankind and the universe, designed to push human ideas to their very limit and beyond. The human being is the central mystery of the universe holding the key to all other mysteries. It was such a science that India sought and found in the Upanishads in an attempt to unravel the mystery of human beings and of consciousness. 

The purpose of the Vedas was to ensure the true welfare of all beings, worldly as well as spiritually. Before such a synthesis could be achieved, there was a need to penetrate the inner worlds to its depth. This is what the Upanishads did with precision and gave us the science of the self, which helps man leave behind the body, the senses, the ego and all other non-self elements, which are perishable. 



The Upanishads tell us the great saga of this discovery — of the divine in the heart of man. These Indian thinkers were not satisfied with their intellectual speculations. They discovered that the universe remained a mystery and the mystery only deepened with the advance of such knowledge, and one of the important components of that deepening mystery is the mystery of man and consciousness. 

The Upanishads became aware of this truth, which modern science now emphasizes. The physical and mental climate that made it possible is the land of plenty that was India, a land where you must be blessed to be born in. They had found leisure and peace to think and ask questions. They had the choice to utilize the leisure either to conquer the outer world or the inner. 



With their mental gifts, they had turned their mental energies to the conquest of the inner world rather than of the world of matter and life at the sensate level. The Upanishads have given us a body of insights that have a universal quality about them and this universality derives from their impersonality. 

The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth.  Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas and patent it in their names. The rishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit. 

And this is conveyed to us in verses of great resonance power and poetic charm. 

In seeking the immortal, the Vedic seers conferred the immortality upon the literature that conveyed it.

 

Now listen carefully-

Why does a new born kitten dig a hole in the ground, before a crap?

If this kitten is born in a city flat, why does it go through the motions as in the video below?

It is about cellular memory !





Experiments have been conducted with rats in maze.

The first generation rats take a long time to find the cheese at the exit.



The second  generation rats could do it faster.

The third generation literally ran through the maze.




There is something called DNA programming .

Past life regression is a 7000 year old Vedic technique that uses hypnosis to recover what most practitioners believe are memories of past lives or incarnations. 

Hindus believe in endless re-incarnation.  Past life regression is typically undertaken either in pursuit of a spiritual experience, or in a psycho therapeutic setting.



Below:  The ball of energy (soul ) within you is who you are.  What you see in the mirror is just like a pair of jeans which you have got into temporarily.  You will remove your jeans for laundry soon. 

Same way you will discard your cadaver ( body )when you die.  You were born when the cosmos was created.  

You are billions of years old. 

Respect life !

Below: Ask your grandmother "Who is older, you or me?"  

Explain to her that both of you were born at the same time , same day , billions of years ago !



Below: The white man started respecting our ancient scriptures only after he understood the meaning of consciousness , ancient Indians penned down 7000 years ago  .  If you are NOT shell shocked after seeing the video below, you have NOT understood it .



The shishya of a Gurukul broke free of ordinary human conditioning and attained a state called awakening  by Nididhyasana .  He broke through into universal consciousness itself, and beyond that even, into the pure awareness of the absolute.  

Consciousness is a universal attribute of creation.  DNA can never die.  It merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living beings.  

If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous process of spiritual evolution. This is something IDIOT Darwin will never understand , as he did not have the intelligence .

NIDIDHYSANA AND MINDSET :


One of my readers sent me this comment --  now I have explain my own mindset-I owe it to my readers ! Last time I made such a revelation ( that I ate beef on ship ) a lot of my hardcore Hindu followers deserted this site .


JinoyOctober 31, 2014 at 11:31 PM
Hi captain,

Did you see this news - http://m.patrika.com/news/chandigarh-high-courts-two-lawyers-sent-a-notice-to-aamir-khan/1039155

AK's shit does not smell for all the desh deohi media. Not many newspapers seem to have carried this.
ReplyDelete



Capt Ajit Vadakayil is NOT against the transsexual community.

But I draw a line where I am forced to watch endless movies where there is a HIJRA hero .

Hijras are also children of Bharatmata. As long as they do NOT overdo their ANAL SEX  decadence, I have NO problem.

One of the greatest heroes of this planet is a person by the name of ZHENG HE.   

Forget about people in Calicut, even Chinese have NOT heard of him. 



Since I exhumed the Hijra Muslim Chink-- the Chinese academics and historians landed up at Calicut University to dig for information--we have stacks of palm leaf records in Malayalam.

Punch Into Google search-
CHINESE ADMIRAL ZHENG HE IN CALICUT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I can see these garishly dressed Hijras with painted faces taking flats in University towns and corrupting young students with anal sex and drugs.

I am against this. 

We cannot do nation building this way , and make India No 1 superpower of this planet in 2 decades.   
There is a foreign funded conspiracy to legitimize HIJRA ANAL SEX in India.

 I will NOT allow this, as a desh bhakt .



I have never been a hypocrite.  The sea suited me as we sail on a ship for  4 or 5 months-  and never see each other again –gangway to gangway .   We form enduring friendships too.  

But the CHOOTS we don’t need to see again.

This is different from a shore office where you have to wish the slimy CHOOT sitting in front of you every morning, though you feel like bloodying his nose.  He may be sitting in front of you for the next 10 years and cold war/ daily oneupmanship is NOT an option.

There was this dance competition on TV, and I remember KironKher was one  of the judges. A female came on stage with one leg.  The other was amputated near her buttocks.  

She started hopping around on one leg like little chick lik in a MOST GROTESQUE MANNER –it was sheer visual torture.

After her SMASHING performance , all 4 judges stood up and clapped , and for the next 5 minutes they were praising her dancing capabilities –with on leg if she could dance so well that where she would be If she had two legs BLAH BLAH  ( if Pataudi has two eyes – all his centuries would have been double centuries type nonsense ). 

She was NOT even attractive as a saving grace.   

Below: This girl is more attractive because of her CUTE lisp ! YIKES !!



I remember I used to watch news , all because of a very attractive news reader  who would LISP in such a cute manner. She made my day !   

Well if a ugly one eyed girl with mucous oozing out from one nostril on to her moustache , wants to lisp on TV –  well I am NOT gonna watch it, leave alone give shabhashi !

If Usain Bolt , a true hero, showboats during/ before/ after  a race - WOW – it will blow my mind.   




Now if a FAT HALWAI type character with a gargantuan ass , wants to showboat , after coming last in a 100 metres sprint --well , that aint  mE cup of tea.




If Capt Ajit Vadakayil had been a judge instead of Kiron Kher,  I would had told this hopping wonder “ Beti,  brave act !  Can you sing or play music ?”

I would leave it at that.

I have NO problem with gays who do what Karan Thapar says they do  ( they express their lobe –nay--  love for each other with oral / anal sex  --you should have seen this midget’s  face when he told this ) in PRIVATE.   I could NOT care less even if they eat  each  others sh#t .

But if these criminal psychopaths want to prey on young boys in public spaces , I want none of this. 

Nor will I allow UN using R media , to initiate India into gay marriages. 

Long ago when they made HOO HAA about this unknown HARD FACED starlet ( who can never blush ) joining Congress, I told my wife something is cooking .  

Below: God intended the anus to be a orifice to eject solid waste -- NOT for syphillated perverts to inject sperm in.  The taller guy is wearing lip gloss . 
Celina Jaitley, the goodwill ambassador of  R controlled United Nations –video produced by UN .   Now you know the worth of all our UN sponsored  FAKE Hindu gurus ( who love only rich people , who create new gods , who patent Yoga ) who have R sponsored branches in more than 100 countries of this planet , who come on TV and LIE “ Hinduism allows homosexuality “



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/12/ipc-section-377-love-lust-perversion.html

Almost ALL gays are ped0philes.   

They were initiated by pedophiles.  

Any gay NOT agreeing with me,  submit to a NARCO TEST.




Getting back-


A nididhysana product is a master of free will and choice.



Decisions are made in the mind, choices are made in the gut. 

Choices come from your essence and attunement to your higher self.  


War victims have had their neural connection between spine and gut severed, still the bowel can function.  This follows that the neural mass in the gut is an independent cognitive centre.

This means your psychological health, is partly derived from the heathy gut.  When you have severe dysentery , have you noticed how depressed you feel?



During healing the healer's alpha brainwaves synchronise with those of the healee, so both will be resonating at the same frequency (sympathetic resonance) . Channelling energy through the healer and to the healee involves both being in the alpha state.



Why do Westerners come all the to India to get healed?.


The best hope for healing incurable illness  lies in healing destructive cellular memories, with the help of spiritually evolved healers. Your whole  aura changes with cell level healing, as your chakras go on overdrive. .



As we change and grow in any aspect of our lives, our cells are constantly updating our personal data. 

Cells retain the information of all life experiences that has been absorbed from genetic heritage, nothing ever experienced whether positive or negative escapes being programmed...



Without past life regression therapy it can be almost impossible to heal, as the memories are suppressed and we are not aware of holding onto them.

The healer  helps the subject access the specific internal negative file and then reprograms or formats it.   If you magnify your cells down to your atoms, you would see that you are made up of subtle bundles of "info-energy."  

Release stored emotions from your subconscious mind and cellular memory and find peace with your past, by past life regression.

Cells are constantly growing and dying they are the ultimate reflection of how the universe works.  



The universe is constantly changing, constantly transforming chaos to order, darkness into light and requires all who inhabit it.  

So either we make the conscious decision to live and grow or do nothing, which is a personal choice.

This is the meaning of old progamming of new cells—it is about cell memory.


This is why is that if you have some skin disease ( our skin renews every 28 days )  , the new skin which comes does NOT cure the disease.   



SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS CROSSED 200 - CLICK ON LOAD MORE TO SEE BALANCE COMMENTS





Shruti KhajuriaNovember 1, 2014 at 9:25 PM
Chandigarh court issues notice to Aamir Khan after lawyer alleges he promoted homosexuality on Satyamev Jayate

Amir khan has been seen promoting Section 377 of the IPC in favour of rights of homosexuals, which was against the law of the land, the petitioner alleged. She alleged that the actor had promoted a criminal offence on television through his show.

http://www.dnaindia.com/india/report-chandigarh-court-issues-notice-to-aamir-khan-after-lawyer-alleges-he-promoted-homosexuality-on-satyamev-jayate-2031176

Seems like Amir game under radar.
ReplyDelete

Replies






Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 1, 2014 at 9:51 PM
hi sk,

in SMJ 1-- aamir khan promoted CHEAP medicines though there is a supreme court order that such CHEAP UNTESTED MEDICINES should NOT be permitted in india .

punch into Google search-
GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs AJIT VADAKAYIL .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 1, 2014 at 9:52 PM
I WOULD LIKE ONE OF MY READERS TO PUT BOTH COMMENTS ABOVE , IN NARENDRA MODIs AND SUBRAMANIAN SWAMYs WEBSITE .
Delete
Reply

Below:  BOLO TOH APUN ANSHAN KARENGA KYA ?







IMPORTANT- IMPORTANT-IMPORTANT !

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO GO THROUGH THE POST BELOW-

Being silent does NOT help!


http://www.asianage.com/mumbai/second-person-booked-satyamev-jayate-case-647



QUOTE :   On May 14 this year, the cybercrime cell had arrested and charge-sheeted the first accused, Ajit Vadakayil (58), a retired merchant navy captain from Manipal, Karnataka, for claiming on blogs and a website that proceeds from the show were being used to build mosques, thereby accusing Aamir of promoting Islamic fundamentalism.
Both Mr Vadakayil and Mr Shakhtawat have been booked under the IPC and Information Technology Act for spreading defamatory content.
“We have also seized the data card and the laptop that was used to maintain the blogs and the content therein,” said DCP Dhananjay Kulkarni.
On his part, Aamir put out a statement clarifying that the show was actually financed by a different organisation of the same name based in West Bengal, which was involved in social work among the villagers.  :  UNQUOTE 


above is not true !

Let me lay down the ground rules:-
1) TELLING THE TRUTH IS NOT DEFAMATION/ HATE SPEECH .
2) OUR CONSTITUTION ALLOWS FREE SPEECH ESPECIALLY WHEN THE HONOUR OF BHARATMATA IS INVOLVED.(  freedom of speech and expression is guaranteed under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution )

What really transpired ?



It is our family custom that our PITRU PAKSHA and SHRADDH we donate free breakfast/ lunch / dinner to any LARGE orphanage / govt hospital / mental home .

So this time we decided to donate to HUMANITY TRUST of SATYAMEVA JAYATE – the TV show run by Aamir Khan.

On searching for the Internet donation site , we found HUMANITY TRUST DOT COM.

On checking out what this trust does it was found that this Islamic organization builds Madrassas / Mosques etc.

QUOTE:  or claiming on blogs and a website that proceeds from the show were being used to build mosques, thereby accusing Aamir of promoting Islamic fundamentalism.UNQUOTE 

( THE GREEN HIGHLIGHTED WORDS ARE PATHETIC LIES  - 

I HAVE NOT ACCUSED AAMIR KHAN OF ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM AND AND SO, -

IT WILL GO AGAINST AAMIR KHAN IN COURT  !!- 

(  WHY DOES HE THINK MOSQUES AND MADRASSAS PROMOTE ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM  -- THESE ARE HIS OWN WORDS AND OWN FEELINGS  )

I checked out the first FIVE pages of google search—and did NOT find any other organization with the same name , as FAKE sites swindle money on the Internet .

Later SMJ clarified that their donation trust is HUMANITY TRUST DOT ORG.( not dot COM )


Now if I or any other man on this planet , were in the shoes of AAMIR KHAN we would be happy , right ?

WHY IS AAMIR KHAN FURIOUS ?

What is the catch?

Why should he be furious when some one tells him that a DUPLICATE site is making money on his NAME ?

If anybody does NOT agree with me the time to tell is now !

This HUMANITY TRUST DOT “ORG” DID NOT COME UP ON THE PAGES ON ANY INTERNET SEARCH ENGINE EVEN A YEAR AFTER MY FIRST SEARCH .

Yes, I called him NAUTANKIWALLAH ( for crying in every episode ).

But then in PURE Hindi this word alludes to ACTOR.

During the Narmada Andolan , Aamir Khan’s movie FANAA was stuck, and almost every politician in India came on TV and called Aamir Khan a NAUTANKIWALLAH –and declared they do NOT want a Nautankiwallajh to save India. Aamir Khan did NOT get angry , probably the politicians were hard targets.

I had said a few unsavory truths about KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR selling Coke one year and Pepsi the next year  which has given the children of India fatty liver disease).

All my posts have SAILOR LANGUAGE – as I have been a sailor for 4 decades and in command of ships for 30 years –  in fact I hold the world record as a ship captain. 

They have done propaganda that i was NABBED -- when i have a email and SMS where I told Cyber cell where i live, and how to meet me-- which they did after 2 days  .  

My blogsite is:-- ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com.

My blogsite does NOT make any money— I do NOT allow advertisements, though I can make a fortune by doing so. .

There are many other sites using variants like ajitvadakayil1 / ajitvadakayil2/ ajitvadakayilmyson etc .

Some of them make money using my name , by allowing advertisements.

I knew of all this through my readers .

IF I WERE AAMIR KHAN I WOULD BE FURIOUS !

Why should I be furious when some one tells me that a DUPLICATE site is making money on my FAIR NAME ?

THIS IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION !

THIS IS WHY I STARTED THIS BLOGSITE—TO TEACH “PERCEPTION” TO THE GOOD DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET.

I ask my readers?

Is the police force allowed to be a BOUNCER for a TV programme ? The high and mighty first call up a high ranking police officer, to get the iron gears moving . Is this the system as per our laws ? 

By NO means is a person who files an FIR , FIRRRSSSTTTT the winner in a court case. The court decides this.

Are we Indians still slaves ?

And in my blog post, I have clearly mentioned that I am a fan of Aamir Khan , and I even put a full GHAJINI song .

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ4M_AH465Y

I still enjoy this song, maybe my mind is FREE without MALICE .

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

I WOULD LIKE ONE OF MY READERS TO PUT ABOVE COMMENT IN PM NARENDRA MODIs WEBSITE AND ALSO SUBRAMANIAN SWAMYs WEBSITE !   SEC 66 OF IT ACT CANNOT BE USED FOR EGO MASSAGE OF BOLLYWOOD SUPERSTARS 




NeeteshOctober 30, 2014 at 11:20 AM
Namaste Captain,

News in Indian express that Udaipur was arrested for defamating comments on Amir's SMJ,

http://indianexpress.com/article/cities/mumbai/another-man-held-for-posting-defamatory-content-against-aamir-khans-talk-show/

Why do they not investigate the fundings of SMJ to bring out Doodh ka doodh and pani ka pani
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 30, 2014 at 11:46 AM
hi n,

there is a wrong notion that if a super celebrity rings up a HIGH RANKING POLICE OFFICER- and then files an FIR to screw someone, in connivance with paid up media -- the star celebrity will win. .

leander pais had done the same thing — to teach his own wife ( mother of his daughter ) a lesson .

sorry--

IT DOES NOT HAPPEN THAT WAY !

JUDICIARY WILL DECIDE - WHO IS PROTECTING BHARATMATAs HONOUR AND WHO IS THE DESH BHAKT !

HAVE YOU SEEN A DIG OF POLICE OF JAMMU AND KASHMIR IN TROUBLE YESTERDAY FOR SUBVERTING THE SYSTEM ?

DO YOU THINK THIS DIG OF POLICE WILL EVER GET PROMOTED AGAIN ? -- 
---OR EVEN GET HIS GRATUITY/ PENSION WITHOUT A STRUGGLE ?


INDIA IS NOT A BANANA REPUBLIC -- OR A ISLAMIC MEDEVIAL DESERT KINGDOM.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
PS -- i have kept quiet for several months --  
but this endless assault on my honour via the PRESSTITUTE MEDIA ,  as the first to be arrested for defamation of a super star, will bear a VERY HEAVY PRICE .
VenkatOctober 30, 2014 at 12:19 PM
विनाशकाले विपरीत बुद्धिः
Beginning of DOWNFALL has started for AK.

-venkat, chennai
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 30, 2014 at 12:38 PM
hi v,

I HAVE DELETED AT LEAST 200 QUERIES FROM MY READERS ASKING ME ABOUT THE AAMIR KHAN EPISODE .

I TOLD MYSELF- LET IT BE ! 

PROBABLY I BRUISED A SUPER STARS EGO , IN WHICH CASE IT IS MY FAULT !!

NOW SUDDENLY MY NAME COMES ON NATIONAL MEDIA ALL OVER -- NABBED - ARRESTED -- FALSE ACCUSATIONS OF POINTING TO ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM -- 

all the newspaper called me a merchant navy officer--

I AM A SHIP CAPTAIN -- FOR 30 YEARS -- A WORLD RECORD -- A PIONEER IN CHEMICAL TANKERS ON THIS PLANET !

benami media ric -- do NOT make a shoe polishing orderly jawan -- out of a battle scarred general !

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************
PITRU PAKSHA , SHRAADH, PITRU THARPANAM – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PITRU BALI ,  MAHALAYA AMAVASYA ,  SHRAADH PAKSHA,  PINDA DAAN , AMAVASYA SHRAADH , PRETA KRIYA ,  PITRU DOSH NIVARAN ,  SARVA PITRU AMAVASYA , SHESHA KRIYA  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In Kerala we did  Shraadh for our dead ancestors this year on July 26th 2014. 

We call this day Karkidaka Vavu Bali or Karutha Vavubali Tharpanam. 

It is done on the new moon day ( amavasya ) of Karkidakam  . Karkidakam is the last month of the Malayalam Calendar ( Cancer )  of Saka era Ashada Sravana was on July 26th in 2014. 



In the rest of India ( generally ) the rituals for dead ancestors known as Pitru Paksha Shraadh , was done on new moon ( amavasya ) day of Virgo 23rd Sept 2014,  Saka era Bhadrapada Aswina 



We in Kerala have NOT forgotten the ancient Hindu culture.   

Shraadham ritual wherein our dead ancestors are remembered with GRATITUDE, love and nostalgia is one of the most important.  The greatness of Hindu festivals and rituals is that GRATITUDE is woven into everything .

Karkidaka Vavu Bali is similar to that of Pitru Paksha Shraadh.

Both days are new moon days ( amavasya ) and dead ancestor rituals are done as per Sanatana Dharma .

Amavasya in Sanskrit and Malayalam means new moon night in Sanskrit.  The word Amavasya is common to almost all Indian languages.


Pitru means ancestors and Paksha means 15 day waning lunar period.  

Hindus pay homage to their ancestors by offering Shraddha and Tarpan.   The new moon day ( amavasya )  is most important .Pitru Paksha days are considered inauspicious by Hindus. Only death rites can be performed in these days.

It was the white Christian invader who made Sunday a holiday for Indians.   Before Amavasya day was a holiday for the whole of India, as important Hindu obsequies and rites  were done at home and in temples.

 You must know that Christianity  ( 2000 years old ) and Islam ( 1300 years old ) are very recent religions, while Sanatana Dharma is 30,000 years old.

The internet is full of bull about this event .  So listen up .

The performance of Shraddha by a son during Pitru Paksha is regarded as compulsory by Hindus, to ensure that the soul of the ancestor goes to heaven.   

Why son ?   

Why not daughter? 

It has a lot to do with the Y chromosome , kept alive by the wise Maharishis  - - modern science will understand all this only after 100 years .

Markandeya Purana says that if the ancestors are content with the shraddhas, they will bestow health and happiness  upon the performer. However let it be known that the underlying emotion is gratitude and NOT selfisness .

The ritual in remembrance of one's ancestors is known as Shraadh. It can be done at home . However Hindus prefer to visit holy river ghats to do this .  After the ritual we feed poor people and give charity. 

Many scriptures tell to feed minimum two Brahmins –that is only because Brahmins were poor ( except in Kerala ) . 

Muslims tell everybody in an unsolicited manner that their religion prescribed charity. Let them know today that they are NOT the only ones.  Hindus do much more and the people we feed could be poor Muslims . 

I have checked out the leprosy homes and mental homes my wife donated to, the Hindus were in minority .

I talked about the Y Chromosome .

The primary function of our DNA is  the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy. Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic signal. DNA can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether..

Punch into Google search –
DNA NASA

You can see that my post --

DNA , NASA, ARSENIC AND PHOSPHORUS VADAKAYIL,  

--- is No 1 among 19 million posts.


Read the post above and see the video below.  There is a reason why Pitru Paksha ritual cannot be done without sesame seeds.



Below: SILENCE !  BRAHMAN AT WORK !!



Below:  Khabardar -- Raven at work 
 

WHY DOES A HINDU WORSHIP HIS ANCESTORS USING A RAVEN CROW AS THE MEDIUM ?  

WERE ANCIENT MAHARISHIS IDIOTS ?

ARE HINDUS SUPERSTITIOUS CHOOTS ,  - TO GIVE SO MUCH IMPORTANCE TO A RAVEN CROW ?




In addition to Sesame seed the other compulsory thing is a black raven crow.

After the ritual the raven is fed the rice balls infused with BLACK sesame seed.   As soon as you clap your hands , the bird appears .

Raven is a crow, but is larger than the usual crow and is jet black all over.  The ordinary crow had a greyish black neck. 

Raven is a pretty smart bird.

Below: The thirsty crow- Panchatantra story



The next compulsory thing for Shraddha is Darbha Grass. It will get into detail later. The white invader put his poison in our scriptures stating that Lord Krishna’s Yadava clan beat themselves with darbha grass and hence Hindus should NOT use it for rituals. This is nonsense , as not Hindu yagna or ritual is complete without this grass. 

Below: I wore this darbha ring on the 4th finger of right hand , when I did Pitru Paksha 



Satyaki, started the  drunken brawl but beheading  Krithaverma . Immediately the friends of Krithavarma pounced on Satyaki  , and a great mass brawl followed.  Pradyumna, the son of Krishna, innocent though he was, found himself in the thick of the fight and was killed.

Below:   Offering of water (tarpan) to deities should be done using the finger tips, while offering of water to deceased ancestors’ souls should be done through the mid of the thumb and the first finger of the hand.



As they have come to the sea shore for a pleasure, they did not carry any weapons along with them. They saw the long grown sharp serrated grass in abundance along the sea shore. They picked up the grass stems and beat and killed each other. The whole area was soaked in red blood. But this was NOT darbha grass .


The white invader made fun of the Hindus CHEE CHHEEE these stupid Hindus clap their hands and do  Pinda daan  (  rice balls infused with BLACK sesame ) to the raven crows.   




And their stooges like BR Ambedkar , EVR Periyar types joined in the chorus.  Superstitious stupid pagan Hindus . Good for nothing religion this Hindusim !

Below: Tower of London, PINDA DAAN to the ravens on orders of the King of England -- a Hindu astrologer predicted the end of the royal bloodline if they did NOT do this,  as they had "CURSED DIAMONDS" stolen from India , kept in the tower..



Now do NOT laugh this away.  

In 1971 a very famous Indian space scientist died . His empowered brave heart daughter ( she was bindaas , wore mini skirts and lived in with a man, probably to check if it fits properly ) set his funeral pyre on fire , though NOT allowed by timeless traditions of Sanatana Dharma . 

She is NOT allowed to be at the cremation site .  

I remember my wife mentioning it 31 years ago.  I immediately told her, there will be divine retribution , as our ancient Maharishis were seers..  My wife wanted to know in what way —and I said by way of progeny.  

Below: Son lighting father's pyre -timeless tradition ,  required by our scriptures 



Today this woman has a LESBIAN DAUGHTER.  Of course she will play to the gallery and give unsolicited information, that she always wanted a lesbian daughter.  Who cares !  Today this pathetic divorced woman is a crusader for lesbian rights in India  !!

So what cried an optimist , she won lot of awards ( there are awards to be won if you support gay marriages and break timeless Hindu traditions )

Waitress largesse , Padma Bhushan, third highest civilian award in India, 2010
R controlled Crystal Award by World Economic Forum, 2008 .
R controlled Nomination for  Nobel Peace Prize, 2005.
R controlled Knight of the Order of Arts & Letters, French Government, 2002.
R controlled Chevalier des Palmes Academiques, French Government, 1999.



The world is coming back to cremation.  Ever since the burial religions have come the human soul is trapped on earth, and this planet has known no peace . 

Cremation shoots the soul to one of the seven energy planes by a soliton wave ( tsunami wave ) when the skull pops.  



The highest plane ( 7th layer ) is for souls who have attained moksha and will NOT take re-birth on earth again. The first six energy planes accommodate these energy balls ( soul ) almost like the bench of a soccer team waiting to be inducted to play by the coach.  

Below:  Parking space for the souls --  higher the plane more the frequency -- soul on the highest plane has attained Moksha and will NOT take re-birth .



The souls who have attained moksha do NOT take re-birth and remain at the highest energy plane –the 7th one—equivalent to Sahasrara chakra .



The most useless criminal characters with plenty bad karmic baggage is at the lowest plane with lowest frequency.


The prayers offered during shraddha ritual - among many from Rig Veda ( 5000 BC ) .

'उदीरतामवर उत् परास उन्मध्यमा: पितर सोम्यास: ।
असुं य ईयुरवृका ऋतज्ञा: ते नोऽवन्तु पितरो हवेषु ।।'
                             - ऋग्वेद, मंडल १०, सूक्त १५, ऋचा १


Meaning: Let the ancestors residing on Earth attain an evolved region. Let the ancestors who are in heaven, that is, at a higher plane of existence, never degrade. Let the ones who are at a medium plane of existence,  attain a higher plane. Let the ancestors who symbolise the Truth protect us.

Below:  People with less karmic baggage have huge auras



A man/ woman who dies and whose cremation pyre is lit by the son , and whose first Shraadha is done the right way with gratitude by the son, gets conditionally propelled to the next higher energy plane, as per our scriptures .

Once you are born as a human you will never take re-birth as a lesser species like animal. You will be re-born as a human to suffer or to enjoy life depending on your karmic baggage.

The white man pooh poohed all this—but now he understands and respects past life regression, which they lifted from Charaka 4200 BC.



Mind you all energy balls were born with the stars , billions of years ago. Every thing which has LIFE and which GROWS has an energy ball in it.

You and you great grandfather were born at the same time. It is eminently possible that in his nest birth he is your grandson . You are NOT what you see in the mirror. You are NOT your jeans which you see in the mirror—same way  .



This is why in Hinduism cremation is NOT an occasion to cry and whimper. Women are NOT allowed to attend the cremation ceremony and make it difficult for the soul to shoot up into its energy plane.

Below: Vatican is holding down Italy's statistics-- it is much higher at 26%  -the last burial bastion falls ! Imagine our Veera Shaiva Lingayaths are running in the opposite direction.  In 20 years the entire Christian white man will be cremated in my opinion. Kerala Christians have already announced cremation . Of course Muslims will be scared of the retribution sword of their own kin -- let them have their dargahs .



The white man now wants to be cremated all over the world.  

The above statistics are fudged by the embarrassed church --increase by 12% to get correct figures .  

Veera Shaiva youngster readers -- ask your elders if they are still under R control.





This trend was started by the German Quantum scientists who converted to Hinduism , shell shocked that Quantum physics was NOTHING but Vedanta. Only great minds can interpolate the verses of Vedanta.



Punch into Google search-

RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION VADAKAYIL

The white invader has injected poison everywhere.

The immoral white invader wrote that Sita did the Pitru Paksha for Lord Ram’s father at Gaya.
This triggered off a huge rush to Gaya and women started doing Pitru Paksha against the tenets and traditions of Sanatana Dharma.

First of all when Bharata came running to Lord Rama with the news of his father death,  Ram was NOT anywhere near Gaya.   He did the Pitru Shraadh at Tirunelli Papanashini river in Kerala, where the previous avatar of Vishnu Lord Parashurama did for his own father Jamagdini.. My own father's shraadh was done here .

Punch into Google search- GAYA WIKIPEDIA

You can see this immoral LIE. This story was unknown to Indians till the white invader came to India.

QUOTE:  Gaya is significant to Hindus from the point of view of salvation to the souls of ancestors (a ritual called pinda daan). According to Ramayana, Lord Rama came to Gaya along with Sita for pitripaksha (or to perform pindadanam). While Lord Rama had gone to have his bath before offering this pindadanam, his father King Dasharath's hands appeared and a voice spoke to Sita asking her to offer the pindam herself, as the King was very hungry. Moved by this, Sita prepared pindams out of sand, and offered them herself to the hands that appeared to receive them. After some time, Lord Rama came back and started performing the rites. When it was time to give the pindadanam, he was surprised and pained to see his father's not receiving it. Sita then explained what had occurred. She called for the river Phalgu, a Brahman standing nearby, cow, and a banyan tree nearby as a witness to this miraculous occurrence. Except for the banyan tree that supported her, rest of them denied her story - Brahman had a greed for more money as offerings, river Phalgu in a wish to receive more offerings from Lord Rama, and the cow in awe of the Lord. So, Sita cursed the three liars. Ramayana states that on account of this curse, Phalgu River lost its water, and the river is simply a vast stretch of sand dunes. At the same time Sita blessed a banyan tree to be immortal.:  UNQUOTE

So cow is a BAAAAD animal OK? 

Indian must now kill all them BAAAAD cows who told BAAAD lie to Sita Maiyya . Such BOVINE lies are NOT perimtted ! 

TEEEE HEEEEEEEE !

So all those who go to Gaya –think again.   

See I told you, I did NOT want to write this post-- now many Hindus will get a heartache. .

Papanashini is a wild stream that originates from the Brahmagiri Hills which later joins River Kalindi - which is a tributary of River Kabani which later joins in River Kaveri.

Below: Lord Rama worshiped in this Tirunelli temple after Pinda daan --it is that old .



Papanasini is called the Southern Kashi.  At Papanasini there is a sacred rock called Pinnappara where ritual offerings to the spirits of the departed are made ( in Kerala we call bali).

Lord Parashurama took a ritual did at Tirunelli to wash away the bad karma accumulated by annihilation of Kshatriyas and snatching away the lands of  Thiyyas by axe power in 4000 BC, and donating it to Namboodiris. 



The ashes of Rajiv Gandhi was immersed in Tirunelli in 1991




As per our scriptures when Garuda’s circled over, a drop of Amrit fell on the stream, which provided purifying power to the water in the stream.  After that incident the stream came to be called Papanasini ( remover of bad karma ) .  



There is a rock is supposed to be the bone of an asuran (demon) named Pazhana-bhedi, who was killed by Vishnu. 


 Lord Rama and his brother Lakshmana performed the ‘pithrukarma’ of their father King Dasaratha,  standing on this rock.




I did my shraddh for my mother at Kaveri river ghats Karnataka. There were too many monkeys around –just too many. I asked one very old man who was selling dharbha grass, how the monkeys landed up at the shraadh ghats —he said the British put them there at the huge banyan tree .

When I had to put the pindam balls , there was NO way the monkeys would NOT eat it. There were many others who just watched the monkeys eat it.  I saw someone feeding to a dog-and I shouted at him .

Anyway, I took my pindam ( rice and sesame balls ) walked barefeet and naked chested ( with wet dhoti ) about 50 metres away and then put it on a high ledge. Then I clapped my hands and I was so happy to see a raven ( symbolizing the spirit of my mother ) alighting on it and gorging on it.  If the mangy monkeys had eaten it I would have been disturbed.

Later I did some research and found out that the immoral white man has written that as per Hindu scriptures the pindam balls can also be given to a dog or a cow—which is an IMMORAL lie.
Getting back to the ravens. In the tower of London lies the Kohinoor diamond of Lord Krishna. Till 150 years back, all diamonds on this planet came from India.

The Kohinoor diamond ( Syamanthakam )  has a curse . Some hindu astrologer had told the British royalty about keeping the ancestor spirits of these diamonds happy--to avoid the curse. Since ravens are few in London-- they keep some ravens , whose wings are clipped so that they cannot fly away and escape. 



Initially they fed the ravens with beef.  The English guards who feed them and who protect the queens jewels are now by default called the beef eaters. Probably they have been eating a portion of the PRIME beef meant for the VIP ravens-- this is a royal decree -- mind you.  These guards wear ceremonial clothes are now a FALTHU tourist attraction. 



These Yeoman Warders (Beefeaters) will entertain the tourist will bull- tales of intrigue,  imprisonment, execution, torture KHOON KHARAABA and much more… 

The Yeomans will give you bull—that the ghost of Anne Boleyn, beheaded in 1536 for treason against Henry VIII, allegedly haunts the chapel of St Peter ad Vincula, where she is buried, and has been said to walk around the White Tower carrying her head under her arm.



King Henry VIII was a cocky cat—  King Henry VIII died in 1547 and spent his last few days in bed, too weak to even to lift move his fingers. His sick room was filled with a nauseating, terrible stench due to syphilis . 

Legend has it that sometime during the night the coffin burst open and when the sentries found him, dogs were licking his gangrene laden remains.

A disgusted Frair Peto had once prophesied that "...dogs will lick his bones as they did Ahab's." and this legend appeared to fulfil this prophecy.

His penchant for rampant sex-- terminated his bloodline-- and the English crown passed over to the King of Scotland James VI.  Total change of bloodline.

Punch into Google search-
MARY MARY QUITE CONTRARY, THE BLOODY MARY VADAKAYIL

The curse of the Kohinoor worked.   Edward VIII , abdicated the throne to his brother King George VI ( Ruler of India ) within 362 days .

Punch into Google search-
THE GREAT ROMANCE AND CURSE OF THE KOHINOOR VADAKAYIL




Like I said, ravens are generally larger than crows and they have a black neck—  while crows have a neck of lighter shade than their wings. 

Below: Raven


Raven are dignified birds , they seek stillness and quiet, and prefer it to the constant onslaught of chatter and noise of the crows.

Below: Crow



As per our scriptures , ravens are associated with the dead souls. Ravens are highly intelligent and clever mimics.  Ravens bear mysticism, and have a long history of myth enshrouding them. 

Ravens have mystical powers, giving out varied sounds, and can assist us in shifting our consciousness into various dimensional realms.  

Ancient seers refer to them as the ‘keeper of secrets’.  They are linked to the void, where universal secrets are kept.  Raven knows the mystery of life, they are strongly linked with death and rebirth and our INTENTION.


Like I said before almost all our Hindu rituals, festivals and Sanskrit scripture verses have GRATITUDE woven as a warp and weft. 

This is why we do it with exuberance and joy.  Have you seen where else on the planet where poor people have such RIP –ROARING festivals based on faith ?

Today the white man has realized this.



If you go to their drug addiction centres or rehabilitation centres for people in acute depression, they are made to repeat like zombies—“ we are grateful to the sun “  “ we are grateful to the water” BLAH BLAH in a most stupid manner.

 Gratitude is the noblest of all virtues. Gratitude has the strongest link with mental health of any trait. 

Grateful people experience very deep levels of happiness and our ancient Maharishis knew this .  Gratitude is not only the greatest virtue, but is is the parent of all other human virtues. A THANK YOU from an Indian is a very valuable thing—he does NOT throw it away like the Japanese .

Below:  Simple pleasures -- but hey, the Himalayan glaciers are melting !



Grateful people have memories stored inside their hearts. When you take care of your old and helpless parents , you are a grateful guy, and the ultimate in courtesy. Gratitude is the most beautiful and fragrant flower, in the garden of your soul.

 Ungrateful people are the scum of earth. How many white men take care of their aged and helpless parents.  It is NOT about money, but love , care and family security . A human has to be taken care as a baby and when old and helpless .

This is why the west is always jealous and greedy. Greed's worst and darkest point is ingratitude. Gratitude has a unique relationship with your mental and physical health. Grateful people are happier, less stressed and happier with social relationships.

 Grateful people have better self acceptance and are at peace with themselves. They have more positive ways to cope up with difficulties, and are more likely to seek help. They are less likely to avoid a problem, blame themselves and then get drunk or use drugs--for they sleep better, having less negative chatter in their minds. 

Why do you think the white man comes to India to heal his soul and spirit?  There is NO medicine for this.  He goes back with the dark spots in his aura filled up --he sheds his negativity.



I will be putting only 20% of the real stuff in this post,    there is NO point in giving a heart ache to Hindus who were misled in conducting rituals for their dead parents  .

Mind you this was done by the white invader using his FAKE Kanchi type mutts, atheist EVR Periyar stooges and Buddhist BR Ambedkar stooges .

But I congratulate all Hindus worldwide —

YOU HINDUS SHOULD BE PROUD OF YOURSELF -- CHEST OUT , CHIN IN !. 

YOU WEATHERED ALL LIFE STORMS BRAVELY DURING 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY TO THE MUSLIM AND CHRISTIAN WHITE INVADER . 

YOU WERE NOT GREEDY FOR SOPS THROWN AS CRUMBS IN YOUR DIRECTION BY THE WHITE INVADER NOR DID YOU CAPITULATE TO THE EVIL BLOOD DRENCHED  ISLAMIC SWORD HOVERING OVER YOUR HEADS .

More Hindus have died on this planet ( more than 90 MILLION ) protecting their faith than anybody else.

Punch into Google search-
THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE  VADAKAYIL

You Hindus are an inspiration to the oppressed world denizen— sick and tired of inquisitions , jihads , mean deceits .

3500 years ago, there was only ONE religion—Sanatana Dharma.

The world is coming back to Hinduism .

Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines—the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT stamp out this amazing way of life..

Hinduism is NOT a religion, it is the practise of spirituality by elevating human consciousness in the personal quest for truth.

India and Bali are the last pockets of spirituality on this planet. Why do you think the spirituality seeking white man goes to these places in droves?

These foreigners can comprehend that Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith -- unless the faith is an extension of reason.

Hinduism is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme the brahmAn.  In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( Dharma ).

Islam and Christianity are religions. These religions had Inquisitions.

Jews were too busy following their VULGAR and racist Talmud.

Ahimsa ( non-violence ) even vegetarianism , is a characteristic of Hinduism—due to which vile foreign invaders took advantage..

What the waitress calls SAFFRON TERROR -- is just the hindus making a free choice NOT to be cowards anymore and giving back as good as they got.

Today when a patient and tolerant Hindu gets outraged and decides to retaliate, rivers of blood flows on the streets .

Hinduism can never dream of all this for openness and inclusivity is the essence of Hinduism.

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.

Hinduism has a total lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.

The diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta are mindboggling.

Loaded truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters the world through a single agent: for example, Abraham in Judaism, Jesus Christ in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam.

These truths are then recorded in scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran. In the Hindu tradition, by utter contrast, there is no single revelation.

The Hindu spirituality tradition , unlike other religions -- has always concerned itself with the “human” situation rather than the “our religion “ situation.

Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual-and NOT what is being told as gospel in a holy book .

Ask the Jews—they will say India is the only place where they never got persecuted over thousands of years—they always ran here for refuge.

The reason ?

This country had denizens steeped in spirituality — NOT religious bigots. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed.

Yet today foreign funded Indian TV calls all Hindus bigots –what a joke !.

I AM LUCKY TO BE BORN IN INDIA — HAVING SEEN WHAT THE REST OF THIS PLANET HAS TO OFFER FOR 40 YEARS .!

Having said so much –

Let me lay down the VALUES of this blog site .  INTEGRITY lies at the core.

Don’t get carried away because I criticize the IMMORAL white man . This applies only to people who have screwed my country and my people.

Who are my people?

Every child of Bharatmata are my people—Hindus, Christians, Muslims, Sikhs –everybody .  ( I leave out JUDASES whose loyalties lie in Sausi Arabi, Israel, Italy , Portugal and England.  These traitors will get pain from this blog site.) 

This includes LGBT too.

I will NOT allow DECADENCE and DEBAUCHERY to be part of the national psyche. 

If two homosexuals want to eat each other SHIT in private – be my guest. 

But I will NOT allow you to do propaganda that this is good for India – and I will NOT allow you to do this on the streets with young children watching. 

I will NOT allow you to make a bhartue--nay--virtue out of anal sex  .  NOTHING DOING !

Every Indian is an EQUAL child of Bharatmata .

When I praise Hinduism , I praise ANCIENT INDIA –

Why do I feel the need to praise ancient India—because the IMMORAL white invader wounded our civilization –they stole our intellectual rights and patented it in their names. 

They converted India from the richest country on this planet to the poorest in 3 centuries flat . 

They made the Hindu self loathing and by arousing his GREED or taking advantage of his VULNERABILITY converted him to other religions.

NOT ANY MORE !

THIS BLOG SITE WILL CONVERT THE SELF LOATHING HINDU TO THE PROUDEST PEOPLE ON THIS PLANET  -   IT IS MY PLEDGE TO SHOULDER THE WHEEL AND TURN IT FULL CIRCLE !

WE ARE THE BEST AND WE SHALL BE NO 1 SUPERPOWER IN 20 YEARS .

Punch into Google search-
PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL

Many of my readers are perplexed—they ask me Captain, why don’t you strike down the people who bad mouth you on the internet.

I ask them-

DOES THE SUN NEED TO STRIKE DOWN A BATTERY TORCH - WHOSE BATTERY IS ALREADY RUN DOWN ?

MAD dog bites man is normal-   man bites MAD dog in retaliation ?  



TEE HEEEEEEE !

INTEGRITY is more than a core value, as it guarantees other values.

This blog site asks readers NOT to believe me, but to use their conscience.   I do NOT cultivate YES-MEN here – never did it in 30 years of command and leadership.

This blog site has a strong belief that it is acceptable to deliver bad news ( truth ) and  raise  concerns.

By now my readers would have noticed that even when I  criticize ,, I do so in a constructive manner.

This blog site respects and appreciate culture in terms of itself.   I believe human beings have feelings, unlike machines.  



Now let us go to CHEEE CHEEE mode.

CHEEE— Our holy cow told lies to Lord Ram about Sita Maiyya who did SHRAADH for her husband’s father  .. Don’t trust these cows, they deserve to beaten as BEEF.

CHEEE- The mangy Phalgu river in Gaya also told a lie —these holy rivers in India are NO good—they sustain false hood.

CHEEE – Sita Maiyya blessed the Banyan tree with immortality- but these  trees keep falling down during storms – Sita Maiyya told a lie.

CHEEE- Stupid Hindus use Dharba grass for holy rituals—the same murderous anger arousing grass  which was used to bleed two Yadava camps to death ending Lord Krishna’s race.

CHEEE- Ignorant superstitious Hindus think that raven crows are spirit carriers .


Check ou the verse - 


Atharva Veda - ath saṁ 6|43|1||

अयं दर्भो विमन्न्युकः स्वाय चारणाय च।
मन्योर्विमन्युकस्यायं मन्युशमन उच्यते॥
ayaṁ darbho vimannyukaḥ svāya cāraṇāya ca |
manyorvimanyukasyāyaṁ manyuśamana ucyate ||


"The sacred darbha grass quells the anger of friends and foes.  It is called "Soother of Anger," because it brings calm in the mind of angry men."

The white invader even specified that Sita used WHITE SESAME SEEDS when she did the shraddham ritual ( sic ) 
Digression:

But hey, If the white man uses a RAVEN, then it is a good thing.  They sh@t in their pants when their King turned out to be gay and married a HERMAPHRODITE . 

Below: Kohinoor effect -    Chikku king , and a chakka queen with fried egg for tits , and a dong sans balls thrown in for good measure.
 Kohinoor , the priceless Syamantaka diamond of Lord Krishna , was signed away to queen Victoria in 1849 by 11 year old boy King Duleep Singh while in exile.  As a reward he could play with the royal white kids in London.



A person who dresses up as a woman and has a dong and a vagina inside her panties ( no balls !)  is a hermaphrodite.

Check it out !

http://s1267.photobucket.com/user/PeterJoseph2000/media/OUT.jpg.html

King Edward VIII , abdicated the throne to his brother King George VI ( Ruler of India ) within 362 days . 

King George the Emperor of India was a misfit, terribly shy with a stutter. He would cry and was prone to extravant melancholy.

So what cried an optimist John Bull-- our king George VI may cry but his father no 5 , was so brave - he holds the world record for killing maximum INDIAN TIGERS WITH HIS BARE HANDS -




--some tigers he even killed with his prick !



Indians looking on with heavy hearts ,  while the white invader decimated our glorious tigers , the most beautiful animal on this planet -- 
BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar did NOT want the white invader to leave India.    
EVR Periyar even observed 15th Aug 1947 as a day of mourning.   
Karunanidhi wants to give Bharat Ratna to EVR Periyar.  
BR Ambedkar is already Bharat Ratna. 




Shraaddh is the rituals performed during the end pf Pitru Paksha on new moon ( dark amavasya  )day ,for the departed souls of dead ancestors.   




Our ancient scriptures like Agni Purana, Garuda Purana and Matysa Purana say that the souls will attain peace by the Shraadh ritual.



The male who performs the shraaddh should take a purifying bath beforehand and is expected to wear a dhoti. 

He wears a ring of DARBHA grass on the 4th finger of his right hand .   Then the ancestors are invoked to reside in the ring.  The shraaddh is usually performed bare-chested in dhoti while sitting on darbha grass.




During Samudra manthan , the fibres flaked off the back of the giant tortoise by churning of Mount Meru got mixed with Amrit drops and was swept ashore , from which Darbha grass grew. 
Darbha grass increase the tej  ( aura radiance ) .



The deceased ancestors (Pitars) absorb the energy of a specific level from the ritual .   To put it in scientific terms , the darbha grass acts as a resonator while chanting mantras . .  Energy in a vortex acts as a frequency converter.

Sounds of mantras is NOT nonsense.  

This is NOT like single holy books mindless religious stuff.

Sounds of Sanatana Dharma can be checked out by the following posts , soaked in wisdom , kept simple for my simple readers -

Punch into Google search-

BEEJ MANTRA , ANUSWARAM LONGITUDINAL WAVE SOUND FREQUENCY VADAKAYIL

and

SHABDA BRAHMAN , THE BEAT OF THE DAMARU, DRUM OF LORD SHIVA VADAKAYIL

Our 7000 year old scriptures tell about  the selection of Darbha:

'समूलस्तु भवेत् दर्भ: पितृणां श्राद्धकर्मणि ।'

Meaning: For the purpose of shraddha of the Pitars, pluck the Darbha along with its root. The reason for this is that we can gain victory over the Pitruloka with the help of the root of the Darbha.

Do not re-use second hand Darbha grass , as it has lost its potency.




Do NOT pick up darbha fallen on the path,  kept on the funeral pyre,  laid on the ground of sacrificial fire,  already used as a seat in a shraddha ritual,  used in the Brahmayadnya or for the purpose of tarpan.   Pluck only green Darbha which is grown on a clean ground.

Our scriptures specify the  mantra to be recited while plucking the Darbha for shraddha:--

विरिञ्चिना सहोत्पन्न परमेष्ठि निसर्गज ।
नुद सर्वाणि पापानि दर्भ स्वस्तिकरो भव ।।

Reciting this mantra, face the north-east direction say ‘Hum Phat’ and pluck the Darbha.

Our scriptures specify the  mantra to be recited while plucking the Darbha for shraddha

विरिञ्चिना सहोत्पन्न परमेष्ठि निसर्गज ।
नुद सर्वाणि पापानि दर्भ स्वस्तिकरो भव ।।

Reciting this mantra, face the north-east direction say ‘Hum Phat’ and pluck the Darbha. 
Darbha should be gathered by good people , only on the first lunar day of the waning moon cycle.  

HUM means cut ego -   PHAT is a slicing weapon 



Darbha grass blocks radiation and negativity . 



After Griha Pravesh, the Kalasha Patram holy water is sprinked in all rooms of the new home , using a darbha  grass brush- to dispel negativity.



Punch into Google search-

GRIHA PRAVESH , HOUSE WARMING CEREMONY VADAKAYIL

Below:  The best mat for meditation is a darbha grass mat.  



In homam kunds , Darbha grass is placed on all four sides of the fire , to block negative energies.



Above : Darbha grass amplifies spiritual energies.  Water in the Kalasha patra is energized while reciting Vedic mantras - touching the kumbha with kūrcas (bundles) made of darbha. Blades of darbha with the tips intact should be used.  Handle darbha with reverence and respect for its spiritual energies. 


Botanical names :

DARBHA  grass –IMPERATA CYLINDRICA
KUSHA grass - DESMOSTACHYA BIPINNATA

In ancient days the bride wore darbha belt at her waist—today they wear gold belts.




Below:  Small pieces of darbha can be taped to cell phones to ward off radiation.  



Darbha is a MUST in rituals for Pitru tarpanam.   The ancestors are invoked using bundles of darbha and offerings of water and black sesame are made pouring from the hand, through blades of darbha.    

hen strewing Darbha, keep its tips pointing toward the East, North, or North East.     
After use, darbha should not be re-used, but discarded respectfully in a natural place where people will not walk. 

Atharva Veda Saṁhitā - ath saṁ 19|28|1||- 5000 BC

इमं बध्नामि ते मणिं दीर्घायुत्वाय तेजसे।
दर्भ स॑पत्नदम्भनं द्विषतस्तपनं हृदः॥

imaṁ badhnāmi te maṇiṁ dīrghāyutvāya tejase |
darbha sa̍patnadambhanaṁ dviṣatastapanaṁ hṛdaḥ ||

"I bind this amulet on you with prayers for a vigorous, long life; the sacred darbha grass which quells enemies and destroys the opposition."    



 ath saṁ 19|33|2||
धृतादुल्लुप्तो मधुमान्पयस्वान्भूमिंदृहोऽच्युतश्च्यावयिष्णुः।
नुदन्त्सपत्नानधरांश्च कृण्वन्दर्भा रोह महतामिन्द्रेण॥

dhṛtādullupto madhumānpayasvānbhūmiṁdṛho'cyutaścyāvayiṣṇuḥ |
nudantsapatnānadharāṁśca kṛṇvandarbhā roha mahatāmindreṇa ||

"Drive away my foes, O sacred darbha grass and cast them beneath me; help me to ascend with the strength of Indra."


If you do NOT have access to darbha grass ,  don’t worry.  This deficiency cam be made up by your own shraddha ( sincerity and devotion )

तस्माच्छ्राद्धं नरो भवत्या
शाकैरपि यथाविधि ।
कुर्वीत श्रद्ध्या तस्य
कुले कश्चिन्न सीदति ।।


Meaning: If a person performs shraddha using mere grass but with faith and devotion, then nobody in his family becomes unhappy-   BRAHMA PURANA-  5000 BC

Kartik BudhirajaNovember 4, 2014 at 1:38 PM
Dear Sir,
Though i am a firm believer in our Hindu way of living, i really would want to what is the reason behind the son performing last rituals, now if a person doen have a son, or his father is also departed adobe who should be the one cremating such a person, please enlighten .

regards
kartik
ReplyDelete

Replies


 
Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 4, 2014 at 2:06 PM
hi kb,

wait for me to complete my post .

THE CLOSEST MALE BLOOD RELATION . IT IS ABOUT Y CHROMOSOME.

NOBODY HAS REVEALED THIS TILL NOW - NOT EVEN ADI SHANKARACHARYA.

BUT THE ANCIENT MAHARISHIS KNEW THAT THE Y CHROMOSOME IS GETTING ERODED .

THE GOTRA SYSTEM RESISTED THIS !

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 

Above:  Offering of water to deceased ancestors’ souls (pitar) is called as Pitru tarpan.

Let me make it abundantly clear-AGAIN.

The funeral pyre must be COMPULSORILY set alight by a son.

The ash/ bone immersion ceremony ( asti kriya ) must be COMPULSORILY done by a son.

The first shraadham  ( death anniversary )  must be done by a male.

Prayers offered at the end of the shraddha ritual

A. 'गोत्रं नो वर्धताम् ।'
Meaning: Let our lineage (gotra) grow. To this the brahmins bestow blessings, ‘Let your lineage grow.”

B. 'वीरं मे दत्त पितर: ।'
Meaning: O ancestors, give me a valiant son.


This prayer has to do with the DYING Y CHROMOSOME –figured out by Maharishis . So KHAPS and GOTRAs are TALIBAN STUFF ,  RIGHT?




Shraadham rituals during subsequent years can be done by females too , especially the GROUP SHRADDHAMS  - because Y chromosome is NOT involved .  






For the ancestor  the interval from the time of death to the next birth is similar to that of a foetus in the mother’s womb..







The deceased ancestors souls get fortified , acquire a protective sheath and get the momentum to progress – to a better future life on planet earth than his last tenure on earth .



Mind you , your age is the same as that of your ancestor 10000 years ago.  You were all born billions of years ago with the stars of the cosmos.



During Kumbhabhiṣekam rituals (  Temple consecration rituals ), ganges water is kept in kumbhas (water pots).   The gods  are invoked into the kumbhas and worshiped with yantra puja ( Sri Yantra mystical diagrams), upacharas (ritual offerings) and homam ( havanam fire ceremony).    

This process energizes the water in the kumbhas, which is then used in a ritual bath to purify and energize (or re-energize) the Temple murtis (idols).   During this process a thread is woven from darbha grass to connect the kumbha to the Vigrahas (temple Idols).

During avahana ( invocation )  and pranapratishta (enlivement), the kumbha ,  idol  is touched with a darbha kurcha, while reciting the mantras of invocation.     

WE HINDUS HAVE THE RICHEST CULTURE ON THIS PLANET AND WE ARE PROUD OF IT.  

EVERY HINDU ON THIS PLANET MUST CHECK OUT THE SLIMY DECEIT IN THE POST BELOW :--

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/ahmedabad/Woman-performs-pind-daan-for-father/articleshow/5007022.cms



QUOTE :  "It is time society realised that daughters and sons are equal. Any child who loves will rest his or her parent's soul in peace and not just sons," said Jigna Mehta, a social activist working against female foeticide in north Gujarat.: UNQUOTE 

THE BENAMI INDIAN FRONT MEDIA IS TRYING TO STRIKE AT THE ROOTS OF HINDUISM BY MAKING WOMEN SET FIRE TO THE PYRE ,  DO THE ASH IMMERSION RITUAL, AND THE FIRST SHRAADH .

THERE IS NO FEMALE INFANTICIDE IN INDIA AS TOLD BY AAMIR KHAN IN SATYAMEVA JAYATE .  

Below:  How can you get on TIME's cover-- pray? 
In April 2013, Aamir Khan was among TIME magazine's R controlled 100 Most Influential People in the World List. 
Though Aamir Khan never collects an award in India, in 2013 he ran to USA to collect an R award for TV show Satyamev Jayate.

 

EARLY MARRIAGES ENSURING SUPER FERTILITY , AND THE KHAP GOTRA SYSTEM OF SELECTIVE Y CHROMOSOMES , ENSURE MALE PROGENY  .

 

I WANT ONE OF MY READERS TO TELL NARENDRA MODI AND SUBRAMANIAN SWAMY TO READ THIS POST -

KHAPS ARE PART OF TIMELESS INDIAN CULTURE , WHO ALSO GIVE INSTANT- FAIR- FREE JUSTICE .

WHEN YOU GO TO JUDICIAL COURT THE ONLY THING SURE IS THE EXPENSE , AND COURTS DELIVER DELAYED- DEFICIENT ( bribes subvert objective evidence and witnesses ) - EXPENSIVE JUSTICE.

Punch into Google search-
GOTRA SYSTEM , KHAP RULES , Y CHROMOSOME , DNA , GENETIC BIRTH DEFECTS VADAKAYIL



श्राद्धं कन्यागते भानौ यो न कुर्याद् गृहाश्रमी ।
धनं पुत्रा: कुततस्य पित्रुकोपाग्निपीडनात् ।।
यावच्च कन्यातुलयो: क्रमादास्ते दिवाकर: ।
शून्यं प्रेतपुरं तावद् यावद् वृश्चिकदर्शनम् ।। - महाभारत


Meaning: How will a householder who does not perform shraddha while the sun is stationed in the Kanya, that is, Virgo sign and thereby invites the ire of the departed ancestors, acquire wealth, son etc.? --   Mahabharata 4000 BC



In Sanatana Dharma deceased ancestors (pitar) are protectors of the blood lineage.  If kuladharma like the rituals of shraddha is followed, purity of the lineage is certain.  

There will be NO perverted homosexuals or women with pricks without balls ( with  a vagina thrown in for good measure) . 

There is NO greater pleasure for man than to see his SON doing well. The day his own son mentally or physically whips his ass, he is overjoyed-- PARADOX !.   

Otherwise  NO man worth his salt, loves to lose .  

It so transpired that in strength competitions at the gym,  both by sons defeated me easily .   An onlooker spAke —“ No thieves will ever come to your house “ . 

As per Hindu scriptures, due to insatiated and disturbed deceased ancestor’s souls there is possibility of distress like not getting married, marital disharmony,  not conceiving,  abortion, giving birth to a mentally retarded or handicapped baby,  getting nightmares, seeing snakes in dreams etc. 



Now let me tell you a secret .

Till 21st Sept 1999, Capt Ajit Vadakayil did NOT believe in God.  Accompanied my wife to temples , but looked at the HARIYALI ( if you know what I mean )

Then , I had a divine experience .

It was the worst storm on this planet- SUPER TYPHOON BART . .

Nobody comes out alive at such close distance from the eye.  While the storm was approaching I did a LIFE OF PI and dared the super typhoon to do its worst—

Yes shouting into the howling winds , at the approaching storm “ Take me on you mangy storm , I will whip your fu#kin’ ass .  I create my own destiny !!”.  

The quarter master was the only witness  – he was shell shocked .

After the storm passed I felt that I need to learn Quantum Physics.

So today here I am!



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/life-of-pi-movie-review-by-seafarer.html



Today the modern scientific world knows the role of Y chromosome in sex determination . 

They have NOT yet appreciated that the Y chromosome is undergoing rapid evolutionary deterioration. 

India has very little damaged DNA and homosexuals/ criminals due to the Gotra system.

Many generations ago the Y chromosome was large, and contained as many genes as the X chromosome. Now it is a fraction of its past size and contains fewer than 80 functional genes. The the scientific world is sleeping and expecting others to wake them up .  

Many IDIOTS speculate that the Y chromosome has become superfluous and could completely decay within the next 10 million years.  Darwin never even knew about DNA , leave alone Y chromosome.  

The X and Y chromosomes, both of which derived from autosomes, were initially about the same size.  At some specific time along the way, the Y chromosome gradually lost the ability to recombine - or exchange genetic information - with the X chromosome and began to evolve independently. 



This quickly led to a catastrophic deterioration of the Y chromosome, which now contains only 3 percent of the genes that it once shared with the X chromosome.

For most genes on the X-chromosome, only one copy is required.  Females have two X chromosomes and therefore two copies of every X-linked gene, so one copy is randomly inactivated, or turned off. Males have only one X chromosome and therefore only one copy is expressed.

However, regulatory genes are often dosage-dependent and haplo-insufficient, i.e., two copies of the gene are required and the presence of only one copy can lead to abnormalities or disease.  In females, these regulatory genes escape X-inactivation so that the copy on the second X chromosome is also expressed; in males, who only have one X chromosome, the preservation of this group of regulatory genes on the Y chromosome is crucial for providing the second copy.




Overall, what this means is that beyond its role in sex determination and fertility, the Y chromosome also contains important genes that are critical for the health and survival of males.

Mammals possess two sex chromosomes; X and Y.   Normal females have two X chromosomes, whereas males have one X and one Y.  These chromosomes evolved from non-sex chromosomes, called autosomes, over the last 300 million years.  

During this time the Y chromosome experienced a spectacular rate of decay, losing 97% of its ancestral genes, leaving a rather dwarfed remnant containing less than 100 genes.

The X chromosome on the other hand retains 98% of its ancestral genes and has today around 2000 genes.   

Y chromosome plays a HUGE role in human race survival.

The all-important Y chromosome — only present in men, and the genes contained on the Y chromosome have mostly been associated with sex determination and sperm production. But let me tell you that the Y chromosome also influences lifespan in men.  



Men who had lost the Y chromosome in a large proportion of their blood cells had a lower survival, irrespective of cause of death.   

There is a  correlation between loss of the Y chromosome and risk of cancer mortality, Y chromosome has a role in tumour suppression – reason why men get cancer more often than women.


Y Chromosome is the only Chromosome which gets passed down only between the men in a lineage.  Women never get this Y Chromosome in their body.  And hence Y Chromosome plays a crucial role in modern genetics in identifying the Genealogy ie male ancestry of a person. 


A mother will pass either her mother’s X Chromosome to her Children or her father’s X Chromosome to her children or a combination of both because of both her X Chromosomes getting mixed (called as Crossover).  

On the other hand, a Son always gets his father’s Y Chromosome and that too almost intact without any changes because there is no corresponding another Y chromosome in his cells to do any mixing as his combination is XY, while that of females is XX which hence allows for mixing as both are X Chromosomes.

The Y Chromosome is always preserved throughout a male lineage (Father – Son  -  Grandson etc) because a Son always gets it from his father, while the X Chromosome is not preserved in the female lineage (Mother, Daughter, Grand Daughter etc) because it comes from both father and mother.

When the initial embryonic cell has XY chromosome, the female attributes get suppressed by the genes in the Y Chromosome and the embryo develops into a male child. Since only men have Y Chromosomes, son always gets his Y Chromosome from his father and the X Chromosome from his mother. On the other hand daughters always get their X Chromosomes, one each from both father and mother.

The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person quite easily.

Our Vedic seers had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages as possible. 

Protect the Y chromosome !





The gotra system has to do with the Y Chromosome alone .  Humans have 23 pairs of Chromosomes and in each pair one Chromosome comes from the father and the other comes from the mother. So in all we have 46 Chromosomes in every cell, of which 23 come from the mother and 23 from the father.




Of these 23 pairs, there is one pair called the Sex Chromosomes which decide the gender of the person. 




During conception, if the resultant cell has XX sex chromosomes then the child will be a girl and if it is XY then the child will be a boy. X chromosome decides the female attributes of a person and Y Chromosome decides the male attributes of a person.



The Maharishis created the Gotra system where they barred marriage between a boy and a girl belonging to the same Gotra no matter how deep the lineage tree was, in a bid to prevent inbreeding and completely eliminate all recessive defective genes from the human DNA.



Manu-smriti states that Hindus should leave 7 generations from the fathers side and 5 generations from the mother side before fixing up a marriage—to preserve the integrity of the Y chromosome.




Whenever my wife goes to temples she donates TIL oil ( sesame / gingelly ) and humped cow A2 milk GHEE .   We Hindus light sesame oil in our Diwali lamps . 

Tila tarpan means offering BLACK sesame seeds mixed in water to the deceased ancestors’ souls. By this process positive energy is imparted to the soul parked in one of the 7 energy planes (corresponding to the 7 chakras ).  

Souls which obtained Moksha parked  in the highest 7th plane ( Vaikunta ) do NOT need any such help.  Humped cows A2 milk ghee also has the same effect, as Sesame .

THE PERSON AND HIS BLOODLINE WHO DOES THE SHRAADH BENEFITS IN LESSENING THE KARMIC BURDEN FOR THEMSELVES— SUCH IS THE POWER OF THE EMOTION CALLED GRATITUDE .
  
देवपितृकार्याभ्यां न प्रमदितव्यम ।
- Taittiriya Upanishad 1.11-  5000BC


Meaning:  One should not commit mistakes in any task performed towards God or ancestors' souls. One should not avoid these rituals.

Performing Shraddha is a part of obeying Dharma, as per science of Sanatana Dharma.


पतन्ति पितरो ह्येषां लुप्तपिन्डोदकक्रिया
- Shrimadbhagwatgita 1.42 -4000 BC

Meaning:  Due to the nonperformance of rituals like pinda shraddha and offering water to deceased ancestors etc, the ancestors of such people (who do not perform Shraaddh) have to reside in the lower gross energy planes  .  This results in stagnation and erosion of the descendants .


Below:  There is a loka ( ether space)  between Vaikunta ( 7th and highest plane ) and earth called Pitru loka ( first 6 plane ) ruled by death god Yama.  There is NO hell concept in Hinduism.



Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL   .

 

Above : Ancient Maharishis did NOT need to conduct an exam , to check out what you are worth. He could see your aura. He could see the dark spots in the aura of criminals and worthless characters. When you have lesser Karmic load you have better and larger auras .

If we owe something to your parent and he/she  dies before you could repay him ( or ask for forgiveness),  then by the virtue of performing Shraaddh the loan can be repaid.   

Below: Yama , lord of Pitruloka - the first 6 energy planes .



The western burial religion societies are getting decadent because they think that putting helpless aged parents in an old home is a very clever thing . 

The Hindu takes care of his parents- they can afford a hundred nurses or the best luxury old age homes , but they feel good while cleaning the sh#t and pee on the bed ridden parent ( like how a mother feels for her small baby )

They do NOT realize that when they were small helpless babies their parents could also do the same thing.  

Yes—all of them did, they kept the small baby in another room, so that they can have an uninterrupted HUMP on the bed. . almost like keeping the mobile phone ringer off in the courtroom.

BISTAR PAR HUMP MARNE KA TIME,  BACHCHE KA  RONA DHONA JAISA DISTURBANCE ACCHI BAATH NAHI HAI NA ?



Only seers can tell us if we are suffering due to distress caused by ancestors' souls or if we might face such distress in the future.  

Signs are  –  endless ego clashes between the family members, unemployment despite being qualified , unable to save any money,  serious illness creating depression,  unable to get married in spite of all favorable conditions,  unable to cope up with the partner after marriage,  unable to conceive,  abortion,  giving birth to a physically or mentally handicapped baby and developing phobias , vices and addictions.   



By performing Shraaddh with an emotion of gratitude , one gets relieved from the distress caused by the deceased ancestors.  




Shraddh propels the soul which blessed / forgave his son doing the shraadh to the next higher plane .  The soul parked in higher planes suffer less in the next birth. 

Below: One of the most INTENSE dialogues ever on silver screen !



The decadent west has now recognizes the wisdom of Sanatana Dharma , about the endless cycle of re-births till moksha.  

They have found only past life regression helps to alleviating them from the acute misery they wallow in. 



Once upon a time ALL of them were PAGANS ( Hindu ). Burial religions with inquisitions / jihad embedded , have increased their karmic baggage.



Sesame seed has scalar energy ( Tejas )  infused , while Darbha grass has radition blocker ( Rajas ) infused.

Sesame enhances positive energy,  Darbha grass blocks negative energy.



Basically THESIS and ANTI-THESIS of used by Georg Hegel for his  Hegelian dialectic in a mindless manner.

So we have tandem Hegelian combinations -- Qadri/ Imran Khan and Old fasting goat/ AK-49.

Creating Godmen and Heroes and using them for selfish ends is a Hegelian Dialectic. 

Gandhi and Churchill were converted to great heroes by Rothschild before he let them loose in society.

I NOW TAKE THIS OPPORTUNITY TO WARN ALL SUCH HEGELIAN DIALECTIC TOOLS , 

LIKE GODMEN - WHO LOVE RICH PEOPLE ONLY , WHO HANKER FOR POWER, WHO GET MAHA THRILLED WHEN R OPENS BRANCHES IN 150 COUNTRIES—

TAKE IT EASY !

IT TAKES 30 YEARS TO BUILD A REPUTATION AND JUST 3 SECONDS FOR FAKE REPUTATION TO COME CRASHING DOWN , AND TO LAND UP IN THE GARBAGE BIN OF WORLD HISTORY .

SERVE THE POOR PEOPLE— SERVE YOUR WATAN—SERVE BHARAT MATA –  

ACCUMULATE GOOD KARMA – WE ARE WILLING TO FORGIVE YOU FOR YOUR PAST TRESPASSES – 

FOLLOW THE LAWS OF THE UNIVERSE- 

TURN OVER A NEW LEAF TODAY –

I KNOW ALL OF YOU,  WHO LIFT AND REPACKAGE (without credits ) , WILL READ THIS -.



देशे काले च पात्रे च श्रद्धया विधिना च यत् ।
पितृनुद्दिश्य विप्रेभ्यो दत्तं श्राद्धमुदाहृत् ।। - ब्रह्मपुराण

Meaning: The offerings made  with the intention of being received by the deceased ancestors, after taking into account the aptness of country, time period and place and with complete faith and abiding by all the rules in scriptures is known as Shraddha. -     Brahmapurana 5000 BC



God Varaha, incarnation of Lord Vishnu, introduced Shraddha to the entire world. He created three Pindas from His molar tooth and placed it on a Darbha (dried grass twig) towards the southern direction.  Lord Varaha advised 'Let the 3 Pindas be considered as a representation of the father, grandfather and great grandfather' and then He vanished after performing the ritualistic worship of the Pindas using sesame seeds in a scientific manner.  Thus began the worship of Pinda for deceased ancestors as per the guidance of Lord Varaha. -- Mahabharata (Shantiparva 12.3.345) 4000 BC

Muslims stopped Namaaz at Babri Masjid , Ayodhya , the moment they found the Varaha boar idol .

Punch into Google search-

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR ,  RUDRAKSHA MALA CONSTANT OF 108 , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES  VADAKAYIL

and

BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR VADAKAYIL

The spiritually potent mantras that are chanted during the ritual of Shraddha have the subtle power of providing momentum to the soul of the  deceased ancestor so that they can be turbo boosted  to a higher plane of lesser karmic baggage.  

DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology. The image of the human being is contained within the microscopic DNA strands of the fertilised egg in the womb. Consciousness ( penned don in Vedas 7000 years ago ) is the  intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form.


DNA FOLLOWS THE FIBONACCI SERIES AND THE GOLDEN RATIO --  BOTH LIFTED FROM  THE 10000 YEAR OLD VEDIC MYSTICAL ,THEORY OF EVERYTHING,  GEOMETRY.




Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or Sanskrit mantra words, to DNA!

Our DNA can be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code.  DNA can be re-programmed with mantras (  spoken word ) for carrier frequencies. A DNA molecule is more sophisticated than any supercomputer on earth, and is the blue print of life . 

There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. All living things emits a constant tiny current of photons –tiny particles of light. The tiny frequencies are mainly stored and emitted from the DNA of cells. 

DNA is like the master tuning fork in the body. It would strike a particular frequency and certain other molecules would follow-- the waves are LONGITUDINAL -- rather field like.  Mobuis supercoil DNA can generate scalar waves. 

Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a bio-hologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. ’Living water’ is an organized state of matter and energy, and capable of storing and transmitting information.

Once science starts researching immaterial phenomena, it will make more significant progress in a decade, than it did in all previous centuries of its existence.   --  Nikola Tesla  

All those who wish to know in greater spiritual mantra detail can go through the post below —  

I do NOT vouch against POISON INJECTION  by the white invader –  at a glance I saw white sesame seeds being mentioned somewhere .  

Just to ponder over .

Go through this post below to check out the minds of our ancient seers.

http://www.australiancouncilofhinduclergy.com/uploads/5/5/4/9/5549439/rddha_pustakam.pdf

You find the IMMORAL white historians and the wolves in sheep’s clothing Indophile speaking about ancient Indians-  in the same line as Maya/ Hopi/ Inca/ Aztec/ Egyptian /Greek/ Sumerian  etc.    
How many of these civilizations have anything written they left behind as a legacy, compared to ancient India ?  --any field under the sun - Math, Science, Medicine, Astronomy etc

Even in a one: million ratio?

PRAY ?

PRITHEE ?

Putting ancient India in the same sentence as Hopi / Maya etc  is equivalent to saying DOGS AND INDIANS NOT ALLOWED , a common placard at white clubs during the colonial rule.

Mind you the Vedas and Upanishads came down orally for more than 23000 years , before it was put down in writing as verses 7000 years ago – allegorized with a slight twist , to keep dimwits away.

There came a stage where the maharishi seers felt that memorizing enormous amount of verses was NO longer possible due to degradation of 12 strand DNA ( NIL junk )  and lemon sized pineal gland to  2  strand DNA ( 97% junk ) and atrophied calcified pineal gland smaller than a dried up raisin.

The last day of Pitru paksha , the new moon day ( amavasya ) is the most important day. Shraadh is performed by the eldest male from the  father side family.  

Shraadh ritual is important for both the karmic baggage dead ancestors and the living bloodline.  You don’t do it, because you are a wannbe gora gaand , it is a double whammy.  

 It is better to be a bit orthodox.   It is better to have arranged marriages . 

As a captain while sailing with foreign nationalities , I usually check their telephone logs. One day I asked one of my married white officers , who was neglecting his duty and drinking too much—“ 

Why do you call your home AFTER MIDNIGHT very two hours ? Is your wife sick ?”

He replied “ She is sleeping in her lover’s house.  She answers the mobile at night, but NOT the home landline phone “

We do NOT have such problems in India. 

Indian women are virgins when they get married ( leave aside the Chutney Marys who have very large and slack bottom orifices ).

Last time when I wrote the the Karva Chauth post-  I forgot to mention the bracketed part — yet they attacked me in droves.

Now I have added some fuel  ( of two large and slack bottom orifices )— so take me on you debauched , depraved , decadent disgrace to Indian women hood .   

Does you live in multiple partners' dongs fit well ?   I suggest you try the fit daily for few years, more before you jump off the deep end !

TEE HEEEE ! ( I have made my day !!)

Punch into Google search -

A MARRIAGE SANS FIGHTS  VADAKAYIL

Pitru Dosha in the horoscope refers to curse of ancestors who were neglected by the living descendants .

Western philosophy is useless as it has NO spirituality woven into it. Spirituality without ancient traditions of  rituals prescribed by seers is lifeless and  insipid.   

It is only when the rituals are separated from the faith and assume an independent existence that they become mechanical and lifeless.

There are NO superstitions in Hinduism, other than the FAKE ones attributed to us by the immoral white invader to make Hindus look stupid.

I had read a book written by the white collector of Calicut , enumerating our superstitions, all bull.  I am sure he would have a huge laugh with his wife over brandy and cigars.

Doing rituals together in a group is a time for ritual bonding.

A Jiva ( live human ) who has cast off his physical sheath is called a Preta ( soul ). The part of the Sraaddh performed to help him ascend to a beneficial  energy plane at this stage is called the Preta Kriya.  

The son who does not perform Sraaddh  and Tarpan deliberately ( too westernized ) is an ungrateful son. He accumulates instant bad karma . The sacred scriptures declare: "He who does not perform Sraaddh takes his next birth as a miserable unhealthy man “

The Rig Veda (10.14.2 and 7) mentions the pitruloka as a astral plane place where souls of dead people are parked , awaiting the next call.   The word ‘tarpana’ means satiating .

It consists of standing in water after bathing in a river and offering  water ( infused with black sesame seeds ) thrice taking it in the joined palms of hand, with appropriate mantras to all beings of creation from Brahma down to the blade of grass.

Sesame seed  emanated from the body of Lord Vishnu.  Sesame seed is mentioned as a seed of immortality in our Vedas written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago.  Sesame seeds first appeared in India , and then it spread over the rest of the world.  Even today India is the largest exporter of Sesame seeds.

In Kerala we do shraadh on the FIRST anniversary day of the death .  This day need NOT be a new moon amavasya day.  I did this for my parents.

The immoral white man has added FOUL masala in the  poison injected Garuda Purana :--
        यमदूता महारौद्राः करालाः कृष्णपि्ङःगलाः ।
        न पीडयंति दाक्षिण्याद्वस्त्रा भरणदानतः ।।

Meaning : When clothes and ornaments are donated, the dark, brown eyed, cruel messengers of Deity Yama having sharp and long teeth do not cause distress to the deceased ancestors’ souls ( bullsh#t) .

OR THEY WOULD HAVE GNAWED THEM SOULS, RIGHT  ?  TEE HEEEEE !

Mind you the Zakir naik types, have joined the Joshua Project 2 Christian missionaries , the EVR Periyarite atheist, and the BR Ambedkarite Buddhists  in doing this POISON INJECTION on the Internet running FAKE Hindus spiritual sites. They have even learnt Sanskrit to do this injection. 

Hinduism is an easy field for endless soul harvesting , right ?  

Not any more !!



Today lot of Zionist/ Christian/Islamic foreign funded NGOS have Hindu , Buddhist names - to receive funds .


How much the GARUDA PURANA has been poison injected , with god of death YAMA stuff can be checked out by clicking the link below and them scrolling to the end of the post . 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/10/king-vali-and-queen-tara-of-ramayana.html



There is NO hell in Hinduism.



The whole idea of endless HELL was created by single messiah /single holy book burial religions to hold power over you. See only the religion can save you. You are a sinner . You need to be saved . 

Below: Hey,Joshua Project 2 -- why are Christian white men deserting your religion enmasse and embracing Hinduism and cremation? 




This is in contrast to Hinduism which says god ( brahmAn ) resides within you .

Now a question will arise , why Kerala did  Shraadh (  Saka era Ashada Sravana )  for our dead ancestors this year on amavasya day July 26th 2014--

-- and why North Indians did it on amavasya day 23rd Sept 2014 ( Saka era Bhadrapada Aswina )

All I can tell you that Kerala were the custodians of Vedic culture,  till Adi Shankaracharya ( a Kerala namboodiri ) spread it over 4 ORIGINAL mutts he created at Badrinath, Dwarka, Puri and Sringeri in 2000 BC.  

Kerala held the 4 ORIGINAL vedas and 108 ORIGINAL upanishads from 4000 BC to 2000 BC.

Adi Shankaracharya , totally dismayed that the rest of India had forgotten Vedic practices wanted only Namboodiris to head these four original Mutts and only they were competent in Vedic practices and had the knowledge.   

The rest of all dozens of Hindu Mutts all over  India are FAKE and CREATED AND BACK DATED by Jew ROTHSCHILD, the owner of British East India Company.. 

India was ruled by a German Jew , NOT the queen of England.

Well Karkidakam is the last month of the Malayalam / Sanskrit calendar.  The new moon in this period is in pouring monsoon rain, will all water bodies full and clean water flowing in rivers .  This is a gloomy fortnight when there are NO festivals and celebrations –a time to introspect and contemplate .

I predict in another 30 years the whole of India will do Shraadh for their ancestors on Ashada Sravana ( like in Kerala ) --

--and NOT Bhadrapada Aswina.

You have NO idea how dozens of FAKE Hindu mutts all over India created by the white invader , to make the Hindu self loathing , by oppressed the dalits, on the bidding of their white master. 

In places like Udipi Mutt they have even created a POPE type coronation system called PARYAYA ( created by Rothschild )- full of glitz and glamour, silk, gold , uppity snooty LORDS --

sorry Hindu Shankaracharyas wore coarse Saffron clothes -- they did NOT hanker for power like the POPE.

Below:  Pope coronation type FAKE ceremonies ( Paryaya , Udipi FAKE mutt ) -- full of pomp -- this type grabbing eyeballs and power, is shunned in Hinduism.  The Udipi Temple to which this FAKE backdated mutt is attached is ancient.



Punch into Google search-

KANCHI MUTT , A CREATION OF THE WHITE INVADER FOR DIVIDE AND RULE  VADAKAYIL

and

MY VISIT TO SRINGERI MUTT, EXHUMING BITTER TRUTHS VADAKAYIL

Below: I witnessed this shown in the video- nobody in Udipi heard of Paryaya coronation fest till the white man came to India -- nor did anybody in India hear Madhvacharya who was created by the white invader and back fated to 1317 AD ,who created the FAKE Dvaita Hinduism.   

Dvaita Hindusim is 30000 years old and written down in 5000 BC .



Punch into Google search-

DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL

The story of ancestor souls descending on earth on amavasya few days before Diwali , and going back happily on Diwali evening is NONSENSE  , created by the white invader . 






WHY DO YOU THINK I STARTED THIS BLOGSITE ?

STUPID IDIOTS LIKE WENDY DONIGER KNOWING SANSKRIT DOES NOT MEAN THAT THEY UNDERSTAND HINDUISM

Quantum physicists lifted QUANTUM ENTANGLEMENT from our Vedanta.



Punch into Google search-

QUANTUM ENTANGLEMENT VIDEO VADAKAYIL




After shraadh, a prayer is offered to Lord Vishnu, with the recitation of this mantra:  

ll Yasya Smirtya cha Namoktaya Tapoyagya Kriyadishu,
Newnam Sampurntam Yati Sadhyo Vande Tamchayutam ll


On Shraadh day if you can donate and get a destitute orphan girl married ( don’t get cheated) , it lessens your karmic burden.


Below:  Pitru Tarpan is the offering of water and black sesame seeds along with chanting of mantras. Check out the devotion on their faces. 




Our ancient scriptures clarify "Shradya pitran udishya vidhina kriyate yatkarm tat shradham"

Meaning: "whatever acts or deeds you perform with devotion for your near and dear ones who have died, is called shradh."



Pitru Paksha emphasises the fact that the ancestors and the current generation and their next unborn generation are connected by blood ties.   The current generation repays their debt to the ancestors in the Pitru Paksha.   

Sometimes after fragmentation of property , family business between brothers and sisters , children develop grudges and silent indifference towards their parents—a sort of cold war.  I am sure you all know what I mean.  One day you will also be in the same situation  .

This is the time to confess and ask for forgiveness.

The ritual is also held on the death anniversary of the ancestor.   The shraaddh is performed only at noon, usually on the bank of a river , sea shore,  lake or at one's  own house.

Indian civilization is the oldest on this planet.

Our amazing religious festivals have elaborate prayers, traditions, customs and rituals attached to them—NOT a single one of them is superstition as tom tommed by the white invader and his stooges..

Our festivals do NOT have a fixed date as we do NOT follow the Western Gregorian calendar.
The Gregorian calendar is based on the sun, in which, one year is the time required for the earth to complete one round around the sun. 

Earth takes 365 days, 5 hours, 48minutes and 46seconds to complete a rotation around the sun.  In our one year we have 365days, but these extra hours, minutes and seconds every year, create an extra day every four years. The year with an extra day is known as leap year.

The Hindu calendar was founded when the whole world was running around naked and doing grunt grunt for language.

It is known as Panchang, which is based on both the sun and the moon.

This calendar covers everything from phases of the moon, the positions of stars and planets, and identifies auspicious times and days, for various activities. It uses a solar year but divides it into 12 lunar months. A lunar month is precisely 29 days, 12 hours, 44 minutes, and 3 seconds long. Twelve such months constitute a lunar year of 354 days, 8 hours, 48 minutes, and 36 seconds. 

To match the lunar months with the year, every two and a half year an extra months arises. In other words, every 30 months an extra month is added. This extra month is known as Adhik Mas. 



In the Indian calendar, seasons follow the sun, months follow the moon, and days follow both sun and moon. Lunar days in the Indian calendar are called Tithis. The Tithi system works from full moon night, to new moon night, to full moon night. Indian festivals follow the Tithis calander, this is why festivals in India don’t follow the Gregorian calendar dates. 

The Indian government and businesses use the Gregorian calendar for administrative purposes.

The above image shows the months of the Lunar calendar. The first month of the year is Chaitra, which starts around the end of March or beginning of April, depending on the Tithi calculation. The following months continue through the rest of the year.

The Malayalam calendar is a sidereal solar calendar. Western astrology takes the tropical approach, whereas Hindu astrology takes the ACCURATE sidereal one. This results in the originally unified zodiacal coordinate system drifting apart gradually, with a clockwise(westward) precession of 1.4 degrees per century.

For the tropical zodiac used in Western astronomy and astrology, this means that the tropical sign of Aries currently lies somewhere within the constellation Pisces ("Age of Pisces").  Most perceptive modern Western astrologers, have advocated abandoning the tropical system in favour of a sidereal one. This is what happens when you steal without understanding the concepts.





Vedic Hindu astronomy uses sidereal time which takes into account the precession of the equinoxes—though the white man tries to ridicule us for NOT knowing this— and that too after immorally after copying from us.  

 The earth revolves around the sun in a ELLIPTICAL orbit -- and at the same time the earth wobbles on its own axis -- like a slowed down top, where it takes 25765 years for a full round wobble ..
A solar calendar is a calendar whose dates indicate the apparent position of the sun moving on the celestial sphere.

The Hindu solar calendar starts on April 14–15 ( Kerala Vishu festival ) each year. This signifies the sun's "entry" into Mesha ( medham ) rashi .

Like I said before , the malayalam calendar is a siderial solar calendar. The position of the earth is reckoned with respect to the zodiacal constellation near which the sun can be found.

The Indian national Saka calendar is used, alongside the Gregorian calendar, by the Government of India.  The Saka calendar is also used in Bali with Hinduism religion .  Here the medham starts on March 21st ( aries ).This is for uniformity to unite the country where there are different methods.  The usage officially started at medam (Chaitra) 1, 1879 Saka Era, or March 22, 1957.

This system is totally based on revolving of the earth around the sun.  It is independent of revolving of the moon around the earth. .  This date March 22nd is chosen , as on this date, the day and night are of equal  length in “both hemispheres of the earth”- basically at the equator.

Sidereal and tropical are astrological terms used to describe two different definitions of a "year". 

Thus Aries of the tropical zodiac is from 21st March to 20th April—while it is from 15th April to 15th May as per the siderial zodiac.

Both divide the ecliptic into a number of "signs" named after constellations, but while the sidereal system defines the signs based on the fixed stars, the tropical system defines it based on the position of vernal equinox (i.e., the intersection of the ecliptic with the celestial equator).

Because of the precession of the equinoxes, the two systems do not remain fixed relative to each other but drift apart by about 1.4 arc degrees per century..

In astronomy this is a difference between the length of a sun - tropical year (365.2422 rotations of the earth) and a star -sidereal year (365.2563 rotations).


The tropical system was adopted during the Hellenistic period and remains prevalent in Western astrology—basically lifted without commonsense from ancient Hindu astrology .. The Tropical Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the earth’s horizon at a particular locale which gives you the seasons as a measure of the flow of time.  

The framework for the 4 seasons are the 2 solstices and the 2 equinoxes. This is the one most western astrologers use.





The Sidereal Zodiac is the position of the sun referenced against the star background, as a measure of the flow of time. The framework for the star background is the constellations the sun passes in front of. This is the one perceptive astronomers use.

We can measure time by the seasons (tropical time) or by the stars (sidereal time). The sun, as the time hour hand, is common to both.

Tropical Zodiac:--Most people know what their birth sign is. They may be a Libra or a Taurus or one of 10 other signs of the Tropical Zodiac.




What does it mean?

It means that at the time of their birth, from an earth perspective, the sun was in 1 of 12 zones around the earth.  Each of the 12 has an angular length of 300. 12 X 300 =3600.  The frame of reference for these zones is the sun’s positions relative to the earth’s horizon.  As the sun moves through the seasons its altitude changes and so do the compass bearings of its rising and setting positions. 

None of these signs can be directly related to a group of stars that can be seen in the skies with one's physical eyes.

Sanskrit term Ayanamsa is the angle by which the sidereal ecliptic longitude of a celestial body is less than its tropical ecliptic longitude. Ayanamsa is around 24° today. The ayanamsha describes the increasing gap between the tropical and sidereal zodiacs.  The ayanamsa, changes continually through the Precession of the Equinoxes at the rate of approximately 50" a year. Suryasiddhaanta states that ayanamsha was zero in 499 AD (Mesha Samkranti).

Tropical (sayana) zodiac is analogous to measuring the positions of trees and buildings sitting in a slowly moving bus. Sidereal (nirayana) zodiac, on the other hand, considers a fixed zodiac.

Astrologers when they use modern astronomical calculations to determine the position of celestial bodies, they need to take into account the difference caused by the different reference point used in specifying the longitude, and this they call the ayanamsa.    As earth’s precession changes every year, the difference between the tropical zodiac and the sidereal zodiac changes. This difference is called “ayanamsa” (sidereal difference

The Islamic calendar is still lunar, with no correction for the extra days in a solar year. As a result, the Islamic months move forward by about 11 days every solar year. So, for instance, the month of Ramzan (or Ramadan) keeps shifting. It was in November in the year 2005.

Every calendar on this planet ,including the Mayan calendar has been lifted from the Hindu calendar.



During the equinox, a day has equal number of hours of daylight and darkness, which describes the origin of the word "Vishu" ( Kerala festival )which in Sanskrit means "equal".




Malayalam Month ( sidereal )   / English Months     

Chingam /        16 August -15 September
Kanni  /           16 September -15 October
Thulam   /        16 October -15 November
Vrischikam/     16 November -15 December
Dhanu /           16 December -14 January
Makaram/        15 January –14 February
Kumbham/      15 February -14 March
Meenam/         15 March -14 April
Medam/           15 April -15 May
Edavam/          16 May -15 June
Midhunam/      16 June -15 July
Karkhidakam/  16 July -15 August

On the day, the Sun leaves Meenam Rasi and enters Meda Rasi, it is Vishu Sankraman and Vishu is celebrated the next day.  The first day for Medam is the unchangeable day of Vishu, whereas other festivals are determined according to the lunar asterisms on which they fall.

Tropical Zodiac/  English Months

Aries/         21 March –20 April   
Taurus/       21 April –21 May      
Gemini /      22 May – 21 June   
Cancer/       22 June –22 July
Leo /           23 July – 22 August  
Virgo  /        23 August –23 September   
Libra /          24 September – 23 October 
Scorpio/            24 October –22 November   
Sagittarius/        23 November –21 December
Capricorn/        22 December –20 January     
Aquarius /         21 January –19 February       
Pisces  /            20 February –20 March

Mind you ,all these fancy English ( Greeko ) names are all STOLEN from the ancient Hindu calendar.  All their constellations names too are stolen.

Below: The immoral white thief never expected an Internet age, right?  It is pay back time now !




Just a few examples Malayalam / Sanskrit to Greek :

Tulam is Libra ( balance ).
Chingam or Simham is Leo ( lion )
Kanni or kanya is Virgo ( virgin girl )
Meenam is Pisces ( fish )
Kumbam is Aquarius ( water pot ).
Midhunam is Gemini ( couple )



THE WHITE MAN HAD NO INVENTIONS OR DIECOVERIES IN HIS NAME TILL HE INVADED INDIA.

WHATEVER HE KNEW WAS ALL STUDIED IN ANCIENT INDIN UNIVERSITIES LIKE TAXILA/ NALANDA/ KODUNGALLUR/ BHOJSALA etc

ANCIENT GREEKS CAME TO LEARN IN KERALA- INCLUDING JESUS CHRIST.

ARABS BOUGHT KNOWLEDGE WITH GOLD – WE IN KERALA TRANSLATED OUR ANCIENT KNOWLEDGE IN MATH, SCIENCE,  ASTROLOGY  MEDICINE , etc INTO ARABIC AND GAVE IT TO THEM.

EVEN THE GODS OF THE WHITE MAN ARE LIFTED ROM INDIA .

BIBLE WAS ALLEGORISED FROM ID-NDIAN ASTRONOMY .

PAY BACK TIME ,  YE  WHITE SKINNED THIEVES !



Punch into Google search-

VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA 5000 BC VADAKAYIL .

MANSA MUSA KING OF MALI VADAKAYIL

THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, BRIHASPATI VADAKAYIL

ISAAC NEWTON CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL




There is a HASBARA named Pankaj Mishra crying for the white man —how Indians are taking stolen history back .


BOOOO   HOOOOOOOOOOOO !


It is essential that Shraaddh be performed by the son—usually the eldest—or male blood relative of the paternal branch of the family, limited to the preceding three generations.

All over the Internet they give HUNDREDS OF FAKE STORIES , created by the immoral white invader .

QUOTE: According to Hindu mythology, the tradition of offering Shraddha (donations) during Pitru Paksha is attributed to Karna. Karna was a charitable person and had donated gold and other precious things throughout his life to help the needy and downtrodden. When he died, his soul went to heaven, where he was given gold and jewels to eat. Bemused, he went to Indra to know the reason for the same. Indra told him that despite donating many things, particularly gold during his life, he had never donated any food to his ancestors. Karna reasoned that since he wasn`t aware of his ancestors, he never donated anything. So Indra, allowed Karna to go back to earth to do Shraddha and seek redemption.UNQUOTE –  NONSENSE !!

Red coloured flowers are NOT used in the shraaddh ritual as destroyer frequencies are emitted from them.   White fragrant flowers are best. Fruits like the Indian gooseberry (amla),  pomegranate,  musk melon (kharbuja) are specially used in the shraddha ritual.

While doing shraadh ritual the intention must be sincere. Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through our intentions— concept of MIND OVER MATTER. 

Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the Aakasha or  ZERO POINT FIELD. 

We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe.  Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things. 

Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea. We literally resonate the Cosmos. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. 



Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness. Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. Zero Point Field is an information field as it encodes everything that has left its traces in the form of Scalar waves in this universe. 

This boils down to the recording of every little thought that was ever thought and every little move that was ever made. The interference patterns of the scalar waves form a huge hologram that permeates the whole of the universe.

Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.
Y Chromosomes that are damaged by X-rays, for instance, can be repaired by simply applying vibration and language, or sound combined with intention, or words or Mantra, to DNA!. 

When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint.



On ship we had to take a X-ray every time we joined a ship. Capt Ajit Vadakayil was the first at sea, to REFUSE to take frequent X-rays.  Initially the doctors ( who were minting money )  acted tough with me-but when I threatened to put this case to WHO through lawyers (P&I club), they relented.



We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses. Instead we must imagine particles as they really are-- structures of matter waves (like quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether.

Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be found in the composition of vibration or ripples. 

Below: This is Calicut beach ( my hometown )



Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute. Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute.

 Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they could be the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics. 

Below: This is the beach spot where Vasco Da Gama landed in 1498 AD--Calicut- Kappad beach



Below: Portuguese artists's painting


They were maha thrilled to see the kings elephants.


Our universe is NOT a bunch of single individual parts of atoms, molecules, planets and stars that only maintain contact by separate forces such as gravity acting upon them. Quantum entangled particles keep their coherent relation eternally and are not bothered by any distance separating them whether it be a few millimetres or the distance of a galaxy.

Below: There are NO superstitions in Hinduism other than what the white man LIED and laughed over brandy and cigars.



Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. 

Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.


Little did IDIOT Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process. All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level.  

IDIOT Isaac Newtons modern physics , where 5 human senses are paramount, has set mankind back by many centuries.



WHEN YOU DO SHRAADH THE RIGHT WAY, IT TAKES CARE OF XQ28 BY SCALAR ENERGY - THIS IS WHY HOMOSEXUALS AMONG HINDUS IS THE LOWEST BY PERCENTAGE ON THE PLANET -.

I WILL NOT DWELL TO MUCH INTO THIS --  CHECK OUT THE YELLOW PORTION OF THE GENE BELOW-



Freddy mercury died of AIDS !




Bonus song - Freddy Mercury was a Gujarati named Farookh Bulsara ( Parsi)



Pithru tharpanam is done wearing wet clothes after the ritual dip in the river.  After that  no one should touch each other after the bath, till the Vavu bali  ( shraadh ) ritual is over.



Karkataka Vavu Bali at Thirunelli affects 21 generations  --  it is NO wonder that Lord Parashurama and Lord Rama did their Shraadh for their fathers here,  -at TEKKAN KASHI ( Varanasi of the south).




######################################
FEMALE INFANTICIDE IN INDIA , AIRED ON SMJ -- HAVE YOU SEEN IT ?

DOT COM DOES NOT BELONG TO AAMIR KHAN / SMJ ( MADRASSA BUILDERS ) 

DOT ORG ALSO SAYS THEY DO NOT BELONG TO AAMIR KHAN / SMJ



Below: DOT ORG 



Below:  Humanity Hospital Trust DOT ORG



Below: DOT COM


Me, Me onlyNovember 4, 2014 at 10:23 AM
http://afreusa.files.wordpress.com/2012/06/humanity_contact_capture.jpg
ReplyDelete

Me, Me onlyNovember 4, 2014 at 10:33 AM
humanitytrust.com domain is registered in 2009

humanitytrust.org domain is registered in June 2012 and expired in June 2013. Was that domain registered for some specific purpose?

Humanityhospital.org domain is registered in Jan 2011
ReplyDelete

The table below is from the link below  :
http://www.moneylife.in/article/the-truth-about-satyamev-jayates-donations/26553.html



SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS EXCEEDED 200, CLICK ON LOAD MORE TO SEE BALANCE COMMENTS.

##############################################


SUBJECT : Supreme Court judges bat for succinct judgments . 

 #################### 

 SOME OF THESE STUPID JUDGES HAVE BEEN MINDLESSLY QUOTING SIGMUND FREUD IN THEIR LONG JUDGMENTS , HOPING TO GET RECOGNIZED AS CEREBRAL AND HENCE PROMOTED . 

JUDGES deliver EXPENSIVE / DELAYED/ UNFAIR JUSTICE -- 

perception is sacrificed at the altar of OBJECTIVE EVIDENCE purchased by bribes . . 

 KHAPS deliver FREE / INSTANT / FAIR justice . they know the local background . 

 JUDGES MAKE SURE THAT THE LAWYERS MAKE MONEY , BY APPEARANCE FEES EVERY 4 MONTHS, TILL THE JUDGEMENT IS GIVEN AFTER 30 YEARS . 

poor clients are forced to sell even their own homes . 

 Strict time limits to dispose of cases should be prescribed and violations will be met with cut in the salaries and promotions . 

 There should be separate District Judges for civil cases and criminal cases . 

 EGO POWERED DEFAMATION CASES ( CYBER IT SECTION 66 ) must have SEVERE reverse punishment for wasting the time of the judiciary . 

Defamation cases must NOT be allowed to be slapped on desh bhakts trying to protect and save the honour of bharatmata . 


 WE INDIANS DO NOT WANT TO SEE A STUPID JUDGE ASKING A WITNESS TO IDENTIFY SALMAN KHAN IN COURT . SUCH THINGS DESTROY OUR FAITH IN THE JUDICIAL SYSTEM . 

 capt ajit vadakayil .. 


Below: ANSHAN KARNA MAANGTHA HAI  NA?





IMPORTANT- IMPORTANT-IMPORTANT !

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO GO THROUGH THE POST BELOW-

Being silent does NOT help!


http://www.asianage.com/mumbai/second-person-booked-satyamev-jayate-case-647


QUOTE :   On May 14 this year, the cybercrime cell had arrested and charge-sheeted the first accused, Ajit Vadakayil (58), a retired merchant navy captain from Manipal, Karnataka, for claiming on blogs and a website that proceeds from the show were being used to build mosques, thereby accusing Aamir of promoting Islamic fundamentalism.
Both Mr Vadakayil and Mr Shakhtawat have been booked under the IPC and Information Technology Act for spreading defamatory content.
“We have also seized the data card and the laptop that was used to maintain the blogs and the content therein,” said DCP Dhananjay Kulkarni.
On his part, Aamir put out a statement clarifying that the show was actually financed by a different organisation of the same name based in West Bengal, which was involved in social work among the villagers.  :  UNQUOTE 

above is not true !

Let me lay down the ground rules:-
1) TELLING THE TRUTH IS NOT DEFAMATION/ HATE SPEECH .
2) OUR CONSTITUTION ALLOWS FREE SPEECH ESPECIALLY WHEN THE HONOUR OF BHARATMATA IS INVOLVED.(  freedom of speech and expression is guaranteed under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution )

What really transpired ?


It is our family custom that our PITRU PAKSHA and SHRADDH we donate free breakfast/ lunch / dinner to any LARGE orphanage / govt hospital / mental home .

So this time we decided to donate to HUMANITY TRUST of SATYAMEVA JAYATE – the TV show run by Aamir Khan.

On searching for the Internet donation site , we found HUMANITY TRUST DOT COM.

On checking out what this trust does it was found that this Islamic organization builds Madrassas / Mosques etc.

QUOTE:  or claiming on blogs and a website that proceeds from the show were being used to build mosques, thereby accusing Aamir of promoting Islamic fundamentalism.UNQUOTE 

( THE GREEN HIGHLIGHTED WORDS ARE PATHETIC LIES  - 

I HAVE NOT ACCUSED AAMIR KHAN OF ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM AND AND SO, -

IT WILL GO AGAINST AAMIR KHAN IN COURT  !!- 

(  WHY DOES HE THINK MOSQUES AND MADRASSAS PROMOTE ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM  -- THESE ARE HIS OWN WORDS AND OWN FEELINGS  )

I checked out the first FIVE pages of google search—and did NOT find any other organization with the same name , as FAKE sites swindle money on the Internet .

Later SMJ clarified that their donation trust is HUMANITY TRUST DOT ORG.( not dot COM )

Now if I or any other man on this planet , were in the shoes of AAMIR KHAN we would be happy , right ?

WHY IS AAMIR KHAN FURIOUS ?

What is the catch?

Why should he be furious when some one tells him that a DUPLICATE site is making money on his NAME ?

If anybody does NOT agree with me the time to tell is now !

This HUMANITY TRUST DOT “ORG” DID NOT COME UP ON THE PAGES ON ANY INTERNET SEARCH ENGINE EVEN A YEAR AFTER MY FIRST SEARCH .

Yes, I called him NAUTANKIWALLAH ( for crying in every episode ).

But then in PURE Hindi this word alludes to ACTOR.

During the Narmada Andolan , Aamir Khan’s movie FANAA was stuck, and almost every politician in India came on TV and called Aamir Khan a NAUTANKIWALLAH –and declared they do NOT want a Nautankiwallajh to save India. Aamir Khan did NOT get angry , probably the politicians were hard targets.

I had said a few unsavory truths about KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR selling Coke one year and Pepsi the next year  which has given the children of India fatty liver disease).

All my posts have SAILOR LANGUAGE – as I have been a sailor for 4 decades and in command of ships for 30 years –  in fact I hold the world record as a ship captain. 

They have done propaganda that i was NABBED -- when i have a email and SMS where I told Cyber cell where i live, and how to meet me-- which they did after 2 days  .  

My blogsite is:-- ajitvadakayil.blogspot.com.

My blogsite does NOT make any money— I do NOT allow advertisements, though I can make a fortune by doing so. .

There are many other sites using variants like ajitvadakayil1 / ajitvadakayil2/ ajitvadakayilmyson etc .

Some of them make money using my name , by allowing advertisements.

I knew of all this through my readers .

IF I WERE AAMIR KHAN I WOULD BE FURIOUS !

Why should I be furious when some one tells me that a DUPLICATE site is making money on my FAIR NAME ?

THIS IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION !

THIS IS WHY I STARTED THIS BLOGSITE—TO TEACH “PERCEPTION” TO THE GOOD DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET.

I ask my readers?

Is the police force allowed to be a BOUNCER for a TV programme ? The high and mighty first call up a high ranking police officer, to get the iron gears moving . Is this the system as per our laws ? 

By NO means is a person who files an FIR , FIRRRSSSTTTT the winner in a court case. The court decides this.

Are we Indians still slaves ?

And in my blog post, I have clearly mentioned that I am a fan of Aamir Khan , and I even put a full GHAJINI song .

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ4M_AH465Y

I still enjoy this song, maybe my mind is FREE without MALICE .

Capt ajit vadakayil

..

I WOULD LIKE ONE OF MY READERS TO PUT ABOVE COMMENT IN PM NARENDRA MODIs WEBSITE AND ALSO SUBRAMANIAN SWAMYs WEBSITE !   SEC 66 OF IT ACT CANNOT BE USED FOR EGO MASSAGE OF BOLLYWOOD SUPERSTARS 
#######################


Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 4, 2014 at 5:13 AM
STOP PRESS:

CHECK THIS OUT -

http://www.dnaindia.com/india/report-hate-campaign-against-aamir-khan-s-show-cops-display-acting-skills-to-nab-suspect-2031556

TELLING THE TRUTH IS HATE SPEECH !

ANY OTHER PERSON ON THIS PLANET WILL BE HAPPY AND WILL BE GRATEFUL IF SOMEONE POINTS OUT THAT THERE IS A DONATION SITE WITH SAME NAME " HUMANITY TRUST " IS MAKING MADRASSAS AND MOSQUES .

WHY IS AAMIR KAHN ANGRY AND UPSET ?

HOW DOES IT AMOUNT TO DEFAMATION?

IF THE DONATION SITE HAS A DIFFERENT NAME , WE CAN UNDERSTAND .

AND ALL THIS "DOT-ORG" AND "DOT-COM" , WE WILL TRASH IT OUT IN COURT .

IT IS THE NAME OF THE TRUST WHICH MATTERS NOT DOT-ORG AND DOT-COM-- LATE NEWS TO CLARIFY AFTER THINGS WENT AWRY .

WHAT IS THE CATCH ?

WHEN MY READERS POINTED OUT THERE THERE IS A SITE ON THE INTERNET USING MY NAME , I WAS NOT ANGRY OR UPSET- RATHER I WAS GRATEFUL ..

WHY IS OUR CRYING SUPER STAR ANGRY ?

WHAT IS THE CATCH ?

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************
THE CAPTAIN DOES IT HIS WAY , CRUSHING NEGATIVITY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




A LION IS THE KING OF THE INDIAN JUNGLE .

THE LION CRUSHES NEGATIVITY IN THE FOREST PRIMARILY -  ALL JUNGLE ANIMALS AND BIRDS LOOK UP TO THE KING TO DO THIS.




SOMETIMES , THE LION DOES CREATIVE ACTIVITIES TOO - 

LIKE MAKING A GHOSLA FOR A WEE BIRD --

SO THAT IT CAN "CHYOONCH SE CHYOONCH MILA SAKEGA"  WITH ITS SPOUSE IN PRIVACY --

THE LION MAY LINE THE GHONSLA WITH BANARSI SILK SAREE TOO FOR GOOD MEASURE , WELL AND GOOD  !



Above:  kal aam yek saphna deka..chidiya ka gosla...gosla mein tum aur maein... Masterji, aap ke liye to chidiye ka ghosla nahin, bhains ka tabela chahiye ...




Below: Gross misuse of a very powerful one liner !










And now,  the end is near

So I face,  the final curtain

My friend, I'll say it clear

I'll state my case,  of which I'm certain



I've lived,   a life that's full

I've traveled each,  and every highway

And more, much more than this

I did it my way



Regrets, I've had a few

But then again, too few to mention

I did,  what I had to do

And saw it through without exemption



I planned, each charted course

Each careful step,  along the byway

More, much more than this

I did it my way



Yes, there were times, I'm sure you knew

When I bit off,  more than I could chew

But through it all , when there was doubt



I ate it up,  and spit it out

I faced it all , and I stood tall

And did it my way



I've loved, I've laughed and cried

I've had my fill, my share of losing

And now,  as tears subside

I find it all,  so amusing



To think I did all that

And may I say, not in a shy way

Oh no, Oh no not me

I did it my way



For what is a man, what has he got

If not himself, then he has naught

To say the things he truly feels

And not the words of one who kneels



The record shows,  I took the blows

And did it my way

The record shows I took the blows

And did it my way


Less...






Perlito Cabauatan
November 26, 2013 at 1:43 PM
hi ajit, sir,

i have a comment about this song especially the one sang by frank sinatra.

it seems that this song is vexed.

do you know that many singers of this song had lost their lives while singing it in public at karaoke halls.

many persons who had a lot to drink are pissed when someone will sing this song.  

they stab the person singing it.

this is a mystery because, we think that it is cursed.

dare someone to sing it in public gatherings, and, most often than not, they will decline.

we consider this as absurd, but it is true.

i see a few pinoys among your crew, i bet that they will decline, too. interesting, isnt it?


Reply Delete
Replies

#############################

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

November 26, 2013 at 1:57 PM

hi pc,

i had pinoy crew on most of my ships in 30 years of command.

i remember my pinoy electrical officer sang this song –

he was a quiet man -- and singing this KARAOKE song with full gusto and passion surprised me.


DURING THIS SONG I FELT MY CHEERFUL PINOY CREW , WENT DEAD SILENT.


I GUESS IT IS THE POWER IN TH LYRICS --


" For what is a man, what has he got-  If not himself, then he has naught  ".


capt ajit vadakayil
..


Delete






Below: Humor is a core value on my ship for it helps us maintain perspective -   I make sure fun activity and horse play, is never to embarrass .  Laughter ( NOT the mindless Sidhu Paaji type ) is encouraged , for humans are the only animals who can laugh . Cheerfulness is turbocharged by self esteem.  The work environment is such that all feel terrific about themselves . The young colts run spirited and free ! All take their own sunshine wherever they go .







The Chemical field we chose  is fraught with danger , merciless and unforgiving.   

It saps your will, if you cant win against the elements hurled against you day after day , hour after hour-- The work is enervating.  

The crew looks up to the Captain to be strong,  to provide a shelter over their heads , to crush negativity. 

Earning good money is NOT enough, they need to take the money home and be in one piece.  

I hold wild parties on board --booze is banned , but it flows .  

Lok Sabha , Rajya Sabha, Ministers, PM, President all rub shoulders.   All MUST jump into the ego  melting pot-  Capt Ajit Vadakayil demands it.  

 Sick poultry types get the short end of the stick.  They have to place their ego on the back burner , and gel with their subordinates, once a month. 

I keep a hawk's eye  -- yet nobody knows this, or cares --.  For if a leader cant bond with his team in harmony in times of peace , how can he bond with them when shit hits the fan---- in the midst of a raging fire and bodies and limbs strewn around you, after an explosion?

In the party all are equal. There is nobody more equal than the other.  

I have NOT yet seen anybody taking advantage of this relaxation of discipline – We have HAJAAAR fu#kin' fun--  we talk -- we converse-- we sing--  we crack fart-fuck-shit  jokes ( when ladies are NOT around )  -   we reminisce-- 

No one-upmanship -- no putting people in their places --  no chattering minds --  no self delusions -- no hidden agendas--  no over inflated self importance --  no distorted interpretations -- no selective perceptions --  no staring into the rear view mirror --  no self pity -- no resentments--  

--no placing one leg in the past and one in the future , to piss on the present— 



This does NOT mean next day my steward will try and be familiar with me next morning --  pat mE back and lisp  " hi buddy!".    Rather he will be grateful, that I have treated him like a brother and friend – nay -- human being ,  for 4 hours every  month.


Very few people make good leaders – who make a dent in the universe.

Punch into Google search-
BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP VADAKAYIL

People who sailed with Capt Ajit Vadakayil will tell you that the Captain never used any nuske from the above post .   He had his own unique secret style.

I ran my ship like a bunch on commandos – more loyal – than what you can imagine in your wildest dreams . Only if you can command respect you can do this- you have to be better than all -- and even a tougher SOB.

Then one day I had four unconscious people in a nitrogen inerted tank. The second one went into save the first , risking his life—and so on.

By the time the fifth man was about to enter I had my tough second mate on deck ( whom I relieved on the bridge ) with a heavy iron rod ,  beating to incapacitate the knee of anybody who wanted to be the fifth unconscious man— CAPTAIN’S ORDERS !

You have NO idea what this means !

That night I pondered , and decided that this type of absolute loyalty to a fellow comrade is NOT good on a merchant ship.   

And I pulled the plug forever.



A key ingredient of my style was HUMOR.  One Chief Engineer joined my ship. The first thing he tells me is that he has heard of me and my leadership style, and he is delighted to be on board.  

I asked him, "What style would that be ?"  .   



He replied “ They said you are like the Captain of the US submarine in that movie DOWN PERISCOPE multiplied by one million”


Below: By humor management you can enforce the unenforceable !




Punch into Google search-
HUMOR MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL

Get you crew to laugh together with your – make their life on board a FUN EXPERIENCE and they will bless you for that, and give you 100% loyalty. 




I held regular sports with Dollar prizes, fancy dress competitions, cricket matches inside the cleaned up hold , fun filled Equator crossing ceremonies, good food, easy shore leaves , never punished a man for his first two mistakes.

The first day, first meet, I told them that they are all my sons, I will NOT take them to the police station , unless it is warranted.( they all know the speech - it is a small world )  

Of course you must be a man they look up to for every occasion.  

And it helps if you screw your UPPITY shore bosses every single day and they can do NOTHING about it . 

This is the stuff of LIVING LEGEND !  

They note the body language of a shore boss when he is on board with me.   

I would even make my boss keep gangway watch,while we played cricked on the quay  ( it is easy if you get him to sign the articles of agreement while off the berth ) --  they all knew it was NO use screwing up my confidential service report, for blue eyed Captain always delivered the goods - his way  .   

I am known at sea, for shutting the cabin door and JHAPPING  a consistently CHOOT boss !


Punch into Google search-

EQUATOR CROSSING CEREMONY AT SEA VADAKAYIL

Below:  Life is NOT all fun and frolic - you have to deliver ALWAYS -- reputations built up over 40 years can come crashing down in 3 seconds -  you are only as good as your last innings at sea.



I remember attending a Chemical seminar.  A brand new European built high tech ship was to be manned and this was the first time they were giving it to Indians— and I was the earmarked Chemical Captain.   

The French TIME charterer passed around his company brochure  and asked “ You have seen hundreds of such Company magazines-  what is special about our company ?”

This magazine was passed around, with everybody flipping , (more than 70 people)  over the glossy pages .  This session took more than 30 minutes.  

Every one said something .  

Finally I was asked to speak –for I was the ear marked Captain.  

Many foreigners were watching –  here is the Company blue eyed boy.  Let us see what this captain is worth .

So I drawled- “YOUR COMPANY IS ABOUT PEOPLE ,   NOT HARD WARE ,  SOFT WARE OR ANY OTHER WARE - PERIOD !”

The French boss announced  “ Only our Captain got it right! ”—and then he launched into a speech BLAH BLAH.

What would have happened if a junior officer or an engineer got it right — and I got it very wrong!

There are NO fools at sea !

A leader is looked up to by his men , if he has the BALLS to take on deep rooted , time tested negativity take it on , and crush it .  Such a leader is branded a SHER .

Any idiot leader can build up on positivity with his ass safe, who wants popularity medals.  This type of slimy leader  is branded a CHOOHA..

Though out my career as a Captain at sea, I was the OFFICIAL TROUBLE BUSTER.

When there was an insurmountable problem on board, which would affect the company reputation and even EXISTENCE  Capt Ajit Vadakayil was the answer .

I was known as Capt Ajit V in my first 9 years of command .  I was too notorious and powerful in SCI, my first company.  

Then I made my name Capt Ajit Vadakayil , just to check out what I am worth.  When you have a reputation overtaking you , it is easy to hang on to the petticoats of that FALTHU reputation.



I will give you a couple of examples— these would have been part of my book GAMES CAPTAIN PLAYED.




When I was a Captain in SCI, the entire customs officers around the Indian coast knew Capt Ajit V.  The top Customs commissioners used to visit me on my ship and have a beer with me.  


The top Customs boss  would say--

 “ Captain saab I know you .  I just wanted to see who you are .  You are the only Indian captain with BALLS at sea.   Every other ship’s crew  AARYAS (sells )  the ships bond of whisky and cigarettes -100%  .  Only your ship’s crew does NOT do it .   We have our Customs spy agents in the smuggler catamaran which comes along side to buy the stuff at anchorage . This is an evil we have NOT be able to overcome for decades .  And we know how you do it too , single handedly ” .

“ We have informers among your crew too.  On the SCI ships you command , you crew refuses to pay HAFTA to the crew unions during article change ( rewards for rabble rousing and getting compensation money for imaginary grievances ) – they say our captain takes care of us . We know that you do NOT give 30% of the OVERTIME the spoilt crew gets on other 150 randi khaana ships in your company — yet you ship shines, you ship’s alleyways are cleaner.  We learnt all this from your crew unions , the shipping master and your company crew dept Managers.  Now you know why we want to see what type of MAHA MERU you are !”


So what did Capt Ajit Vadakayil do –which others did NOT dare ?.

We used to have around 58 crew members –out of which the catering dept was around 17.

In foreign company ships, there was only one steward and cook.  

While in SCI , we had Chief Steward, Asst Chief Steward, pantry man, Asst pantry man , laundryman,  5 cooks ( 3 for Officers and 2 for crew ) , lot of stewards and even a toilet cleaner for officers alone.

I flew first class for 9 years in SCI and had my own dedicated Captain’s steward —while in foreign companies they fly you economy class.

Both officers and crew drew their bi weekly bond, even if they do NOT smoke and drink. They hid it here and there on the ship and on arrival India , they would sell it to smugglers at Indian anchorage. 

Those days these liquor bottles  were what you got in big hotels—it was organized mafia with even junior customs officers and harbor security police in connivance.

In the ship’s crew list everybody had a number.  Captain was serial number 1—Chief officer would be serial No 2—the 3rd engineer would have his own number –so on and so forth.

I carried my own permanent marker pen —and put the this serial number on the bottle label and the cigarette carton.  

If somebody resisted and said “ I don’t want such a bullsh#t number on my bottle”  I gave firm instructions to open the bottle and rip the cigarette carton plastic wrapper  in his presence ( selling value lowered )  .  

However I made leeway if anybody wanted to give a bottle as a gift. The whole idea was to prevent crew selling the bottle at 6 to 8 times to cost on board.

So a typical corny dialogue was as follows -

SAAB,  JAHAAZ PER AANE KELIYE TANKHA DENA PADEGA-
KAAM MAANGTHA HAI TO OVERTIME DENA PADEGA-
BEEDI KHADI/   PAAN PAATI / LAAL BATHI / AGARBATHI KELIYE-
 BOND AARYA KARNA MAANGTHA –

Sir, to be physically on board you have to give us salary,  if you want work to be done then you have to give us overtime money ,  then for petty expenses like beedi/ shore snacks, humping ashore , coming back and doing agarbatti puja to wash away the sin  – we need to sell our cigarettes and whisky.

There is always a huge ruckus in the beginning—literally mutiny— like kicking the beehive .  

They go slow in work. They create all sorts of problems.  

Some times they even tell me to give them rations as per their written articles a TOT OF RUM in glass.

I enjoyed this TUG OF WAR – yield a little for a minute, instantly pull back and tighten the leash - all on my time table and terms  .

I dealt with crew individually by names—no safety in numbers !

I would win every time.



Later my reputation preceded me .

Despite being a martinet , the shipping master told me in front of the crew unions and SCI crew managers , that Capt Ajit V is the only Captain on Indian ships who has never logged down ( official penalizing and spoiling career ) a sailor-  after nearly a decade in command .

I will be telling a lie if I say I never logged down anybody ( court martial equivalent ) . I logged down some real bad eggs –the ring leaders ,and told them on the quiet that if they behave I would cancel the log entry. 

It always worked.  At sea sweetness is mistaken for weakness .

Captains who gave plenty overtime, allowed crew to smuggle  and got NIL work done –when they walked down the gangway the crew will say “ Saala CHOOTIYA jaa raha hai “

When Capt Ajit Vadakayil walked down the gangway the same sailors whom I screwed or even jhapped up ( corporal punishment ) would cry  “ Dekh RAAJA admi jaa raha hai “ —and they would rush to touch my feet .





STRENGTH  IS ALWAYS RESPECTED IN A LEADER - NOBODY WANTS TO SERVE UNDER A CHOOHA LEADER .   

THE CREW ( TEAM) WANTS TO SEE SPIRIT, STRENGTH AND RESOLVE—

FOR THEY KNOW WHEN THE CHIPS ARE DOWN , THE SHIP IS BEING RIPPED APART BY EXPLOSIONS WITH BODIES AND LIMBS STREWN, THIS STRONG LEADER WILL KICK PRIME BUTT AND  DELIVER  .

AVOID  MEANNESS  – IT DOES NOT WORK !



Soldiers loved to serve under Gen Patton !  

Rothschild screwed him for slapping a malingering Jewish coward with his gloves.  Jew Gen Eisenhower played dirty .



Punch into Google search-

THE ASSASSINATION OF GENERAL GEORGE PATTON VADAKAYIL



How many of you knew that Churchill, Eisenhower, Roosevelt , Stalin –all were R controlled Jews – with the aim of carving out the state of Israel ?

Punch into Google search-
GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST OF GERMAN POWS  VADAKAYIL

How many of you knew that Hilter tried his best to stop the war?

Punch into Google search-

RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN WHO WAS FRAMED VADAKAYIL


How many of you have seen people using their CODE OF MORALS to interfere with something which is right and just?

Every heard of Savita ?— no, NOT Babhi !

Never allow such a thing to happen ever in your watch.

Punch into Google search-
 SAVITA HALAPPANAVAR  MURDER OF THE HIPPOCRATIC  OATH  VADAKAYIL

These are the people who are trying to teach Indians what is right and what is wrong, using BENAMI media.

I spit on all these HI FI management schools—NOT one of these professors know anything about leadership . 

Inventories are managed. Men must be led.  Animals are trained.


No Management Guru can or Management institute can give you the secrets on how to create a dream team –  they are equipped to churn out stupid managers , NOT leaders  . Leadership is of spirit, while management is of mind..

I will reveal a few secret today- just because I am in the mood .


A leader must have the personal capability to get himself ratified in the hearts of his team INSTANTLY — this is NO mundane appointment made by a company order.


A good leader has the charisma to inspire knaves to become heroes.

When I join any ship I usually give a three hour speech –with everybody standing on the bridge , with only the Engine room water keeper missing the event. There are a few things I get them to understand in these 180 minutes.  

This is far more profound and cerebral than a bullsh#t Gen Patton "blood and guts"  speech—which plays to the gallery. 

You will see soon why. 

Let me just reveal 10% .  



Let me warn you in advance will be clean bowled even with this 10%-  all three wickets down ! 

You would have never dreamt in your wildest dreams that there is so much to leadership SPIRIT. 

Gen Patton would never have the brains to figure out what follows--  mind you I am in a generous mood today .

THERE IS A METHOD TO THE MADNESS .



I end my opening speech with “ Let the adventure begin” .   

From then on for the crew board everything is an adventure in which they take full part, they are sucked into a mystical vortex – this adventure will be recounted several times to various mates over beer over many years , and on their death beds to their grandchildren.

How many of you can treat life as a daily adventure ?

There are many things I tell in my opening speech which can put Gen Patton’s speech in the shade.  I tell them “ A new bandmaster has come “  the tune will be different.  

You will now march to a different drummer , to a different tune —and all those who are prisoners of war to tradition, might as well listen up, and listen up good.

When you create a dream team, you suddenly throw emotion and nostalgia into their laps .  Mind you these are POTENT weapons in this increasingly sanitized and faceless world . 

They love it when the new captain asks them for their pet names,  which only their closest childhood buddies knew . The new captain then writes it down on brand new helmets with a permanent marker pen and places it on their heads. The battle -nay- indoctrination magic is half won by now.

I tell them that on my ship I want only full blooded shots, NO half measures will do. 

I take them into the architecture world, I describe them as an ARCH which has passed the time test of every civilization which fell into ruin.  Like the quintessential arch , the more the pressure comes on our team, the stronger we become— so come on pressure take us on !


Below: The human spirit grows strong by pressure and even conflict .





I do NOT tell them that I recognize them as thinkers and doers.  That I exempt the creative geese from military formation flights. Thinking is the hardest thing on the planet, right?  This is why communism failed.  The shit pot cleaner and the genius inventor got the same salary . Nahi chalega !



I cut down the cliques of sub leaders--yeah the Bunty Sibal , Chid type cliques . 




I tell them that we have an ethics program, which has NOTHING to do with protecting the reputation of the sub-leaders, rather I want them to do the right thing.



My team suffers from creative dyslexia  – the BAAAAD inability to read restraining rules TEE HEE! They have NO qualms in discarding a shoe that does NOT fit.    

But mind you if the leader is NOT cerebrally smart this can blow up in his face. .



The leader knows that if his command are wise they will be obeyed cheerfully. A leader with spirit can hold the interest , NOT just the attention.  Any idiot can hold the attention. 

He does NOT mistake the power of accurate observation for cynicism .  Somebody must tell Christian AK Antony, who keeps out churning his sequel reports  ANTONY 1 / ANTONY 2/ ANTONY 3  – telling all , that the Christian Italian parivar is NOT responsible for any crushing poll defeats. They get responsible only for poll victories.



People who have sailed with me will tell you that Capt Ajit Vadakayil micromanages only in the first three weeks .  Later on for the rest of my tenure on board I give up control over change for quality , keeping a hawks eye only on safety.  So fast and mystical is the indoctrination process.  This is what happens where quality is built in and NOT inspected in.  I will dwell on this later.



Where every other Captain tries to shave off  5 minutes from the crew coffee break, I give them 10 extra minutes.  

On my ship this short break nourishes the SOUL.  They bond ! Couple of times visiting shore bosses had remarked that my coffee breaks are too long and company does NOT permit it --  

I cut him off     " Mind your own business - you wont understand ".  

Hullo, skeptics, will he understand if I try to explain to him that my team is like a living organism with a collective conscience ?   Collective WHAAAAA ? 

On my ship hard labour is always self imposed and the hardest taskmaster is own conscience.  

Delegation is based on trust and NOT abandonment  .Accountability is never fostered by fear of retribution.



Will he ever understand that hard enervating labour on my ships is mostly self imposed and the hardest taskmaster in NOT the captain, but their own conscience . 

Trust rules over control !  

Trust is the most valuable commodity on board and it is on two way street . All know what is expected of them  . Trust co-exists with truth.  

Kuch samaj mein aaya Gen Patton ka khopdi mein ? --idhar rule book ka faayda nahi hai !



Only Chemical parcel tankermen will have a WEE idea , what it means to do tank cleaning in cold roughs seas at night - go down inside each tank among 50 , to mop , dry , do wall wash etc .

A leader knows how to filter feedback .  An emperor cannot inspect every gutter in his kingdom. How is applies these filters shows what he is worth .  The grapevine at sea says “ Capt Vadakayil ka jahaaz mein parina bhi pag nahi maar sakta – without him getting to know- KHABARDAAR  “ 

Below: A good leader gets feed back from his team - by regular debriefing in a full group . He does NOT keep a spy system, if he knows what is good for him .



He knows that nose can taste but tongue cannot smell in a meeting. . He willNOT allow the eye to hear and give a report.    How many of you know that a competent wine taster only smells?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/chilean-wine-and-art-of-wine-tasting.html


A meeting unless it is a brain strorming / feedback meeting is of NO use unless it forces positive action., When you touch hearts , you get that helping feedback- it happens!.  

In my meetings anybody, even the cook, can challenge the status quo.  Every body is made to feel great . 

They all know that the captain cares only for the terrain and NOT the bullsh#t map - They all know that this Captain gives a dang to the blessed blue book containing standard operating procedures.. 

Did you notice some high ranking CRPF officers were pulled up for not following SOP laid down in the blue book ?  The naxals hold a copy of these standard operating procedures -so there are no surprise factors.

Who complained that army is NOT using laid down procedures -like how the cat must dig a hole before a sh#t ? 

Pray? 

Prithee? 

The naxals at the receiving end!!!

Who were the tools these desh drohi terrorists used --  a jawans wife crying bucketfuls on benami TV , the rabble rousing foreign funded media , foreign funded Trojan horse NGOs who fund these naxalites and foreign funded human rights organistation  -

SEE A JAWAN WAS SERIOUSLY WOUNDED BECAUSE THE ARMY LEADER DID NOT FOLLOW STANDARD PROCEDURES -  SEE HOW SAD HIS WIFE IS.  

Are there NO intelligent and perceptive people in India?

What the fu#k is all this?


Recently after the Mars mission was a huge success , PM Narendra Modi made a very valid point, which shows that he is NOT a bondhu.  

He told the ISRO chief,  it is very important that we mentor the next generation of space scientists to pass on the baton at the right time.



Capt Ajit Vadakayil has mentored many officers at sea.  Rather I was the FIRST to start this mentoring process at sea .

My bosses asked me – MENTOR WHAAAAA ?

I was a QM myself – yes—it reads QUALIFIED MENTOR .

Punch into Google search-

MENTORING AT SEA VADAKAYIL


I was a CHANGE MANAGER at sea too, when nobody had the slightest idea what this meant . My card read CM .

I still challenge the biggest brains of IIM or anybody on this planet , to write something better that the post below in the next 100 years - I do know they are repackaging it without credits .

Punch into Google search-
CHANGE MANAGEMENT  VADAKAYIL

A clever leader is a master of REACTION management—let the stupid ones do ACTION management.  

He uses very little energy in setting off a domino or cascade event.

 

Punch into Google search-

DOMINO EFFECT IN CHANGE MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL



A clever leader does NOT want everybody under one roof or one room.  He like to keep his team virtual- to avoid culture shock..

Only the most intelligent ones will ever understand what I mean .

Punch into Google search-

VIRTUAL TEAMING  VADAKAYIL

Who can understand culture better than a ship captain who has commanded  alien cultures for long .  Culture should be appreciated in terms of itself.  The use of culture depends upon an ability for rational or abstract possessed by humans alone, animals dont have it. 

Culture could be a logical construct, or a psychic defense mechanism or even an abstraction from behaviour. Once established, culture has a life of its own, in a Tamas / Rajas relationship-- Culture is stronger than life and stronger than death.  

Cultures themselves must NEVER EVER be evaluated or graded as higher and lower, superior or inferior.  A culture is a time tested means to an end-- the culture ( or way of life ) of the more highly developed nation is “imposed” upon the less developed peoples .

My south Korean Chief Engineer was MAHA thrilled to get his fermented sour and spicy kimchi when he arrived on board and had his first lunch with me. He nearly kissed me out of gratitude.



I introduced Lateral thinking at sea.  Lateral thinking is about “back to the future” thinking. Project forward a few years and look backwards. You need long term vision combined with short term focus.  
I never felt the need to charge up some fu#kin’ hamburger hill or for the matter some rocky Kargil Mount 1467 and sacrifice my soldiers – show the tricolour and then cry YEH DIL MAANGE MORE like a CHOOT  !



The lateral thinking person can hold two contradictory thoughts and still continue to function. He uses mental flexibility as a time management tool. He has the character to admit easily “ I changed mE mind”.

Lateral thinkers will sometimes allow the ball to play them—which means letting loose the reins yet being in control. In my career as master many times I had escaped from grave difficulties by applying this method. 

Allowing a non ice class ship to find its own way to the Belledune berth in heavy pack ice after getting a lead or allowing the ship to find the centre of the mud swamped channel enroute to Rosario in the La Plata river or surfing the icy storm north of Aleutian chain. A good leader makes his crew work smarter -NOT harder.  

The leader can see every task on a 3D graph with TIME incorporated.  It will take another 100 years for Management schools to even understand all this.

My officers will understand the post below- 

They knew that the Captain had a 3D graph inside his head- 

They knew when the Captain cried ABORT or CONTINUE he meant what he said !. 

They knew the secret why Captain could go faster than others. For if everything is going on real fine for weeks maybe you are NOT driving fast enough. 

Patton Saab, kuch samaj mein aaya ?

Punch into Google search-

FLAMMABILITY COMPOSITION DIAGRAM  VADAKAYIL



My officers were forced to draw BAR DIAGRAMS on the computer on a 2D scale with time included .  This had to be updated hourly .   

They knew that the Captain thinks in MULTI-TASKING 3D in his own mann mandir ( don’t even try to figure this out ) .

Check out a typical Chemical loading operation .

Punch into Google search-
CHEMICAL TANKER LOADING OPERATIONS VADAKAYIL


This type of pro-active thinking and INSANE multi-tasking ( loading several toxic / edible cargoes from shore / barges, inerting, squeegeing, pre-wash ashore vapor return, heating , deballasting, correcting list  ) like what is done on a PARCEL CHEMICAL TANKER is NOT required-- or allowed ,  in any profession on this planet .

You will remember ( Aamir Khan episode ) I asked the paid up media NOT to convert a battle scarred General into a shoe polishing orderly Jawan.  

Instead of calling me a ship Captain the presstitutes were all busy belittling my unique professional stature known worldwide and my experience.

You have NO idea of the massive professional pride of an expert Chemical man ( who has NOT fu#ked it up, yet – TEE HEEE !) .

Why world wide?

Because today the whole Chemical world uses my WALL WASH PROCEDURE !

Punch into Google search-
WALL WASH METHOD CHEMICAL TANKERS  VADAKAYIL

Just yesterday my wife told me that a friend from Mumbai rang up to tell that my above procedure was in another website run by an European and to see the whole thing ( after a sneak peek) you had to pay heavy money in US dollars.   

The best part is that he proudly calls it CAPT VADAKAYILS WALL WASH METHOD.

One of my good Punjabi friends ( on my training ship ) called me—he implored Ajit, come to my home as soon as possible.  My marriage of few months will end soon otherwise.  Only you are smart enough to handle this situation.

It so transpired that his highly qualified MD doctor Punjaaabi kudi wife has scant respect for him. She had sailed on a container ship once with him and considered all sailors as CHOOTS who giggled and played TT throughout the day.

I remembered – in our training ship after the Sikhs had a hairbath ( twice a week ) they would get a WEE boisterous and start troubling gentlemen Punjabi batchmates , who were NOT up to the mark in SHER E PUNJAB BRAVADO.   

Their mind set was –PUNJAAAABI MUNDA KABHI NAHI DARTA.

So on Sikh hairbath days he used to sleep next to me - in the open deck when lights are ON.  The first two times the marauding gang with hair coming to waist and beards loose , pulled away his pillow and blanket – till I got up, for a showdown.  

Now one man against 12- 16 is NO use – my friend would NOT fight even to help me..  

But the feeling was always there  - KHOON ZAROOR NIKLEGA-- BLOOD WOULD SPILL 100%  – YOURS/  MINE/  OURS TOGETHER – and then they would slink away. 

 I have never fought to hurt someone in my life — only to crush the ego.

When I was in school I used to support the Sikh soccer teams and this would piss off my playmate friends . So say, when Punjab Police Jullundur / JCT Mills Phagwara / Sikh regimental centre types lost –

--- they would come running to my home do BOOOOOOOOO and cry –

- example” PUNJAAAAB  POLICE  WANDI  KAYARIIIII !  ( Punjab Police team has just taken the train back to Punjab ).   

After watching all this hair bath bravado , meanness in bullying soft target gentleman cadets and FILTHY WORDS OF INCEST in every sentence I lost all my childhood respect for sardarjees.

Punch into Google search-
WHY DOCTORS WRITE ILLEGIBLE PRESCRIPTIONS VADAKAYIL

There is a scene about a sailor unable to piss—

I asked friends EGO LADEN wife over dinner – what would you do ?

She was stumped .

She tried to give me bull- I caught her bluff everytime.  I told her “I also giggle- I also play TT –so what ?”

It took me just one hour to convince her that we sailors are not CHOOTS – rather her profession is full of them.  

Probably my friends two children are now married — have lost touch.   

Below:  We were naked when we took bath, 250 of us 16/ 17 year old cadets -- you can see holy stoning ( rubbing wooden decks with a stone using sand / water till thick wooden pulp came out ), The decks were made of thick beams with TAAKOOMTAA ( Stockholm tar ) in between .



BRAINSTORMING is used to identify all possible causes of a problem before you decide on a solution. The quantity of brainstorming matter you will be quite surprised to discover will decide the quality of your solution. Aaha —quality based on quantity?  

Well this is called anticipatory thinking.  A collision is heavy traffic at sea is all about failed anticipatory thinking.  After a brainstorming meeting decisions are taken only the next day after a good REM sleep in lieu of NIDIDHYASANA 

Greatness comes from making a dent in the universe , but it should NOT end with you – you must create an on going legacy, if you are a leader with spirit .  

Cliques and inner sanctums do NOT exist . The playing field gets tilted for none . The leadership is inspirational and moral- it is NOT an ego game- or a one upmanship game . 

Ego is NOT allowed to confuse opinions and facts . Nowadays when you watch Hegelian BENAMI TV channels do you know which is opinion and which is fact?

Like how the Italian parivar went around doing— with the sole selfish idea of keeping the parivar afloat .  BHAAD mein gaye bharatmata !  Unleashed talent from any other young leader runs into jealous / Italian mafia barriers .

Below: Check out the STEEPLE finger pose of akkal ka dushman , check out the body language of the overjoyed Italian maaji, that her son has come of political decision making age !



Above: QUE SERA SERA--who knows in another 100 years this might be a multiple choice question for IAS exam-- how many cylinders did Bharat ka genius Rahul Gandhi want--  2/ 12/ 36 / 108




I do NOT tolerate IDIOTS who want to jump a 24 foot chasm in two 12 cylinder- nay- foot jumps.  If I tolerate such a dim-wit in my team, he will let down others and endanger their lives – and I myself will be deemed unfit .


Below: Escape velocity sab baraabar calculate karke , akkal ke andhar rakha hai !





Above: R controlled article quote -- QUOTE:  “Mr. Gandhi will be the best replacement to Dr. Manmohan Singh (the most efficient Prime Minister India has ever had), who is supposed to retire right after 2014 polls. -- If Sonia Gandhi can act as a doting mother to an 80-year-old man, she will definitely shower her own flesh and blood with all her motherly concern, which is in the best interest of the nation.”UNQUOTE 

BONUS SONG BELOW-- ALL BECAUSE OF YUV-RAJ !



Italian QUEEN BEE our Yuv raaj hamesha awwal number mein rahna chaahiye – baarah fu#kin’ cylinder haath mein pakadke !!



At your workplace have you ever figured out what is work and what is mindless activity driven by the ego of the leader - nay- STUPID manager ?   Focus on REAL work always !

Punch into Google search-

REAL WORK AND ACTIVITY TRAPS VADAKAYIL




The crew does NOT want a hypocrite as a leader .  .. Justice must be balanced with compassion. In India people put bread on the table for their family—leave alone children’s education etc .  

Personal space is invaded only for common good.  No call is ever made to surrender dignity  




Mob mentality and endless rabble rousing has be crushed in the bud – ruthlessly .   




Yes, a good leader is NOT a rosgolla type NAPUNSAK character drooling sickly sweet treacle all over the place.  



He is a NO NONSENSE STRONG MAN who walks gently with an iron rod in his fist,  held in a velvet glove. 



The adventure may be in peril if he cant take on this "kick prime butt"avatar when warranted.. 



Rabble rousing will never happen to a leader with SPIRIT.   He makes all understand the fine line between timely constructive criticism and destructive personal attacks.  

It does NOT hurt the leader to ASK nicely.   Kindly attack issues - do NOT indulge in vitriolic FALTHU personal attacks. 

The leader with SPIRIT will officially allow timeout for venting stream . After all we are all humans who need emotional venting,  right?




Those who do NOT understand this , will get PAIN and will be kicked out of the team el pronto. 

Defnition of negativity in a dream team includes FALTHU impatience, irritation and being fed up.



There is a golden rule MATTERS THE MOST ARE NEVER AT THE MERCY OF THINGS THAT MATTER THE LEAST under his command 




In the dream team people with COURAGE OF CONVICTIONS  and FREEDOM OF SPIRIT are a valuable asset—and they opinions are NOT construed to be arrogance. 

Even insubordination is examined to check out for inherent virtue – but if there is NONE and he keeps being insubordinate again and again , God save him. 

Leadership of SPIRIT is NOT rooted in high handed domination or intimidation.

A leader with SPIRIT knows that progress has been made on this planet only through disobedience and rebellion-- and that people with spirit , passion and courage have always been sinister to the walking dead.  

Everything cannot be a truth finding exercise. Getting along with the rest of the team is paramount. If you take sides then you are part of the argument and the disagreement. You as a leader have to remain totally objective and in the middle. 

Below: One legged Little chick lik hopping away-- rushing off to tell ze king -- THE SKY ITHH  FALLIN'   -- ( PSSST - actually a WEE acorn fell on her pea brained head )



Being conciliatory is like mother hen breaking up a fight between 2 of her chicks.. You just want to restore peace. You will not spend inordinate time in finding out who pecked whose ass first.


Your rules say that there can be no bullying, shouting, threatening , intimidation or victimisation in your team.  This is abuse.


The leader is mentally at the pivot watching the natural forces at play and determining is they are acting for good.  He will make interventions to make the effect of those dynamics more positive. 

He quickly determines the teams strength and weaknesses and tailors new approaches. He provides feedback to correct unproductive moves.

A well knit team takes on a life of its own and the leaders job is to nurture and maintain it. Each member of the team is entitled to be interested in all aspects of the operation. 

This is not cancelled out by the fact that he has special responsibilities in a limited area, like the goal keeper in a soccer team.  

This creates higher levels of job satisfaction and commitment plus higher levels of trust and support. Teamwork creates the forum for the common man to attain uncommon results.  A bunch of superstars stars do NOT meake a team. A group in itself does not necessarily constitute a team.

Members of a  team must have complementary and diversified skills committed to a common purpose, where they use their strengths in full and can complement for each others weakness.. In order to be a good team player one has to unselfish, compromise and even sacrifice .

Hostility among team members and low participation are symptoms that signal a need for team building.  Morale problems do not happen overnight and they cannot be resolved overnight.

Conflict resolution is not a stand alone skill. Without this skill the team cannot bond. It is the job of the manager to identify issues that inhibit the team. He must address those issues and remove the inhibitors.

Team members must know how to examine team and individual errors and weaknesses without making personal attacks. The manager must be able to identify jealousy and defensive behavior.  He must build a feeling of solidarity and team spirit. 

He has to look out for the cynical lone ranger who ignores others, and survives by being servile to the leader who can make or break him.  

Don’t excuse a badly behaving team member. Some people are just negative by nature. Don’t hesitate to confront such cynical team destroyers and demand behavior change at once. Some people lack confidence and view attacks on their opinions as a personal attack.

A typical statement would be “are you telling that my 20 years of experience does not matter?”

Music orchestra bands are a clear example of how a team works. Poor performing bands are inflexible, the musicians have petty differences, compete with each other, stay in their comfort zones and expect the audience to accommodate their jarring music. 

Just plain old Harmony is not the goal of cross functional teamwork . 

False consensus is undesirable where team members are afraid to express a contrary point of view for fear it will destroy the positive feelings among team members.  An absence of overt conflict is often mistaken for teamwork.

Conflict is natural and desirable. Issues are attacked –not each other. If conflict is not visible , either the people are thinking alike or they have suppressed conflict. Both situations are not helpful. Teams that suppress conflict lose effectiveness and the conflict erupts into destructive ways.

A good leader will not allow endless debates on minor problems. Strength of character and courage of convictions is NEVER mistaken for poor attitude.  He communicates in the language of his people NOT in fuckin' latin.  A good manager will not convert men by silencing them. He knows when he praises everybody he praises nobody.

When there is no synergy in the team, the people are passive.  If bonuses and incentives are part of the reward system, they should be given to teams performance—not individual performance. Team culture is destroyed by racism, inappropriate race based pay systems  , and destructive comments from management. 

No one can whistle a symphony—it takes an orchestra to play it. Be ready to prune dead wood, straggly growth and tone deaf lousy flute players.

Below: King of piano Italian composer and pianist Ludovico Einaudi.(divenire)-- a man who made a dent in the universe !



Below: My elder son playing the same thing - destressing after a hard days cerebral work !.



Above:   Playing a piano requires coordination between hands and with visual / auditory stimuli. Playing a piano with both hands is not about skill alone but about using both brain lobes and brain communication.  It  improves the brain’s ability to discern the components of sound —  the pitch, tone and frequency.   Playing piano  produces long-lasting changes in motor abilities and brain structure,  and creates new pathways in the brain.  




Piano  music is more complex in structure, instrumentation and harmony, it primes the brain with pathways needed for other cognitive tasks. The synapses become stronger and so transmit the signals more reliably.  New synapses form, so the neurons are more strongly connected.  Myelin growth leads to faster transmission of the electrical signals down the axon, and better timing of neuronal signals.  Neurons that fire together wire together. When neurons fire at the same time, the connections between the neurons get stronger.

Below: My elder son playing Primevera of Ludovico Einaudi




Below: The original master !




The force of a team like a typhoon takes time to grow—but once it is spinning, it is a formidable thing indeed.





Digression:  Once we manned a Chemical Tanker will all white Europeans .  For two weeks I mentored the two 4 stripers and two 3 stripers at the company office ( abroad ).



Then I sailed on the ship for five weeks  – during which time I had to monitor ( as a CHANGE MANAGER ) load , discharge and tankclean operations – with a CDI inspection and an oil major SHELL vetting thrown in for good measure.

My job as a change manager was to make sure the officers/ crew do their jobs the right way. 



It is a VERY difficult task,  when the sailors are dim-witted and there are communication problems .

Luckily I used the Latvian Chief Engineer who was young, sharp and intelligent.  For the Russian Chief Officer would develop a very bad stutter the moment I put the pressure on.



Any way when I disembarked at France,  the top 4 came to see me off at the gangway with the Russian Captain carrying my briefcase.

After I shook hands , I told the Russian Captain “ Captain, I must apologize from the bottom of my heart for treating you shabbily – this is NOT my style - and I am just another brother sea Captain like you  “

He replied “ Sir, you just did your job and you have succeeded in your mission !”—and he hugged me .


Suddenly Chief Officer started crying loudly, then Captain who was older than me cried too, with Chief Engineer looking very confused.   

A Russian captain is GOD in their system .

The I got a call from the Company to do the same on another ship and to board at London.

I told my boss “ FU#K OFF !”



I was totally drained and need to go home to rest.

Driving change is that difficult.

I remember the Chief Engineers young wife visited at Riga . It was snowing like mad and she came wearing a mink coat.  

That was the first time I felt a mink coat .  She was drop dead gorgeous , blue eyed and a kind cultured woman .



I asked Chief Engineer “ Is she your first or second wife ?”

He smiled and said “ First! “

That made me respect him more.   

Almost every Ex-USSR officer , the moment they started earning in dollars, they all discarded their first wives and took on wealthy and attractive second wives . 

Something about invoking the conscience of the dream team. Only a leader with SPIRIT can invoke and arouse the conscience of his team .

You conscience is that spark of celestial fire.  God resides in your DNA. Never do anything against conscience even if the state , your society or your religion demands it.  You sin, if you go against your conscience. 

A computer does NOT have a conscience. This is why Modern Economics which is hijacked by empirical formulas or Quadratic Equations , which can be tweaked to suit a selfish Central banker, has wreaked terrible damage to society. 

Majority is NOT right here.  A man of conscience does NOT jump into the bandwagon, rather he will stand a fight all alone, against the howling mob.  

A government cannot have a conscience.  Yes, they can have a policy book.  How many Policy statements by the topmost MD or President allows you to exercise your conscience like sanatana DHARMA ?  

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL

How many judges in a court of law exercise their conscience  or even  listen to the voice of conscience-- and these guys say they take care of  humanity and society, right?  There can be no accuser as powerful as your own conscience.   

Have you ever seen a lawyer with conscience?   The guys became judges , right?—and imagine they hold power of life and death over you.  

Nowadays successful hot-shot lawyers , who own Rolls Royce cars and yachts use " where does this manual say when to have breakfast?" type CHICANERY to sway the judge and jury, whose conscience is in hibernation, due to poor perception and consciousness.. 

Today if you engage a lawyer, the only thing which is 100% sure ( like death ) is the expense. 

THAT IS WHY I SAY KHAPS ARE BETTER FOR OUR POOR VILLAGERS.  

ATLEAST YOU GET FREE/ INSTANT/ FAIR JUSTICE .

There is something known as having an ear to the ground, knowledge of local history and respecting local CULTURE.

At sea as a leader I have given top priority to courage of convictions of my Junior Officers , and in my standing orders which overrides company policy, as Captain’s authority, I exhort them to use it. 

I assure them that they will NOT be dismissed from service if I am convinced of evoking natural law and natural justice. OOPS ! just revealed a secret !!

And mind you, sometimes this pisses of my bosses ashore—so who  cares? 

One who breaks an unjust law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for written law.

There is indeed a higher court than courts of justice or courts of honour, and that is the court of conscience. It supersedes all other courts.

Have you ever noticed that it is your conscience which tell you, enough is enough.  Any person of honor chooses rather to lose his honor than to lose his conscience.

Reason , objective evidence , leave alone circumstantial evidence -- often makes mistakes, but conscience never does.

What is the worth of all our music competitions where brute majority chooses the best singer—often based on narrow considerations like religion and mother tongue of the singer.



Nobel peace prize winners striking and killing unarmed civilians with drones to preserve their way of life, talk about “this years fashion in conscience” in Presidential debates.  




And they go around with their work happily , with an audience clapping and cheering them on. 




What irony! 

Once your conscience, which is the window to your spirit,  is offended it shows on your face --as it is good bye tranquil mind. Such evil people mistake short memory for a clear conscience.



Conscience is your inner antenna.  Human dignity requires an upright conscience. Deep within his conscience every man discovers a celestial law which he has not laid upon himself,  even society or his upbringing -- which he must obey. 

It is his most secret core, and his sanctuary, where he is alone with God, to have a silent and short dialogue .

To youngsters who are about to take up a career , I will tell them this—“Never take up a job in which you cannot apply your own conscience”  

This is in case you want to happy , when your work is a continuous festival of joy.   Then you can have  a face without lines , like a certain BAAD captain - at the age of 59.


Betrayal of trust and ingratitude is common for men with no conscience.  A guilty conscience needs no accuser.  There is no pillow as hard as a guilty conscience. 

Conscience is what makes you behave well behind closed doors or when nobody is looking......   (HARK ,  YE  EMPOWERED BRAVEHEART WOMEN , WITH VAGINAS AS BIG AS FOOTBALLS ). 

Conscience an aspect of extended consciousness beyond survival-related dispositions . Conscience is a gift of crisis--- It tells you the right thing to do when you don't have time to figure it all out. 

Conscience thinks in a flash, in terms of metaphor, feelings, pictures, and the spatial whole and doesn't fit neatly into the cause-and-effect model. Your conscience will not force you to do things that are truly wrong for yourself or other people in contradiction with the laws of the universe. 



We cannot command our conscience to use it at will.  It just surfaces spontaneously when certain circumstances are present—it suddenly appears as a feeling. 

Conscience extrapolates larger truths . Use it as a guide always, never ignore it.

We in India know the meaning of conscience -- in 4300 BC, when Lord Sri-Ram was sent away to the forest for 14 years in exile ( cheated in a dice game wager ) his step-brother Bharat , whose mother Kaikeyi did the foul spadework ,  kept Rama's shoes on the throne , till the exile period was over.    

Prince Bharat ran to the forest to seek out King Ram and apologize on behalf of his mother. 



This is in contrast to the Mughal invaders, where brothers gouged each other eyes and killed their own fathers and sons to usurp the throne.

ONLY A LEADER OF INTEGRITY WITH SPIRIT CAN EVOKE CONSCIENCE -

SUCH LEADERS  SCOFF AT BENAMI FOREIGN FUNDED TV CLIPS SHOWING PEOPLE CLAPPING TO RIDICULE A MOTHER WHOSE 4 YEAR OLD SON PEED BEHIND A BUSH -- 
SHE WOULD NOT BE DOING IT IF THERE WERE CLEAN PUBLIC TOILETS EVERY 300 METRES LIKE IN WESTERN COUNTRIES.



I HAVE BEEN TO ALL THESE WESTERN COUNTRIES--  YOU CANT SIT IN A PARK DUE TO THE STENCH OF MEAT EATING DOG PEE AND CRAP .



THEY ARE SO HUNGRY FOR LOVE - ONLY A DOG CAN GIVE IT TO THESE SELFISH PEOPLE WITHOUT CONSCIENCE.

Below: This is what happened in major part of the Islamic invader rule of India.



When people use their conscience ( like in Sanatana Dharma ) then any imposed code of morals by a single holy book ( like killing or converting all non believers ) -- do NOT interfere from doing what is right.



In the dream team getting along with each other is a valued skill.  Knowing when to yield is a more valuable skill.   Team members really do NOT care who is right-rather they care only for what is right.  So compromise is NOT considered as a sign of weakness .

All know that the team is more important that the individual , as it is a forum for a common man to achieve uncommon –nay-  extraordinary results.   All are passionate about TEAM branding, nobody cares for personal branding - the captain insists on this ..

If you are an expert in your field,  you will stand out - and nobody will try to stop this from happening . After all dignity is rooted in the consciousness that honors held are well deserved. The code of morals of the dream team never ever interferes with doing what is right.

Leaders with SPIRIT never shout-- they give orders with firmness and decision.  He can romance ZE stress.  He is incapable of sweating the small stuff.   He leaves nothing to lady luck.  His gunpowder is always ready and dry.  He allows nobody to peek into his armory, and hence holds the mystique. 



When you do the common things in life in an uncommon way, you will command the attention of the world. -  George Washington Carver.

If a team member says “ I don’t know” it is NOT a crime-rather it is welcomed.  He can be floated up el pronto.  The least valuable man in the team is the one who has lost enthusiasm.  The most dangerous enemies are indifference and apathy.

In the dream team, freedom of thought is guaranteed. All are self starters. The best way skill is termed innovation. Right outcomes are defineD, never the steps . 

Nobody is taught where his front foot should be, where his back foot should be, where he has to hold the handle of the bat , at what angle his back lift must be  BLAH BLAH  FU#KIN’  BLAH !  




We live in a stupid age where both swing and spin are met with straight bats .




How many of you think a leader with SPIRIT will give dozens of deadlines and lose the respect of his team ?




The dream team is abundantly aware that a lie told a hundred times does NOT become the truth. The mangy craft of fooling the brain and gut by FALTHU branding does NOT work. There is always a PLAN B.  



The terrain counts , NOT the map  . A plan and a budget is just the means , NOT the end. 




All have the wisdom to accept rejection for they are masters in rejecting acceptance.





#########################################
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%%


What follows now, is for PM Narendra Modi and I know he will read it sooner than later.

Leaders who evoke extreme loyalty must know that  a PARADOX  lurks . 

The pendulum can swing to the other extreme in a few seconds  --as soon as a LAXMAN REKHA IS CROSSED .

The truths of life is congruent till a Laxman rekha,  after that the reverse happens—



Example?  

When grief becomes excess people laugh !

We are now faced with a bizarre situation where if someone tells the PMO ( Narendra Modi’s website ) that GAY MARRIAGES / GM CROPS  are very good for Bharatmata, the suggestion is accepted.  

If the same man uses another ID and makes a suggestion immediately later that GAY MARRIAGES / GM CROPS  are bad for Bharatmata , he gets spammed.

Narendra Modi saab - choose your FILTERS carefully.  

Do NOT close out your early warning radars !  


Gaddafi was a hero to the Libyan people – he went through this paradox by having the wrong filters . 


Below video : A man who tried hard to establish Modi as a blood drenched mass murderer and a sex stalker, is getting the short end of the stick in New York from desh bhakts  .



Below:  The No 2 man in the Modi govt  , the  NEW I & B minister -  our BCCI man with his boss's enemy No 2. 



IS THIS ACHCHE DIN ?  

MEN WEARING LIP GLOSS , AND UNDIES SMEARED WITH BLOOD / PUS  AT THE ANUS AREA ? 

MEN MARRYING MEN ?




http://pink-pages.co.in/general/arun-jaitley-supports-decriminalization-homosexuality/



Below video: The No 1 anti-Modi journalist .



Below: Relentless anti-Modi campaign .  

NDTV never told even once that Godra riots in 2002 was a knee jerk reaction of  Hindus sick and tired of being asked to be tolerant after 59  people ( 25 women and 15 children ) were deliberately burnt alive in the presence of more than 4000 witnesses - yet Teesta Setalvad / NDTV tried to establish that women were cooking in the compartment and caused the fire--  sunset converted to sunrise . 

Yet our BCCI man and NEW I&B minister Arun Jaitley is fond of Barkha Dutt - why ?











Capt. Ajit VadakayilOctober 19, 2014 at 5:17 AM
Naveen
October 18, 2014 at 12:34 PM
Dear Captain,
You might have heard of Manoj Mittal and his book Fiction of fact finding : Modi and Godhra
http://www.amazon.com/The-Fiction-Fact-finding-Modi-Godhra/dp/9350291878
He is presenting a talk tomorrow in boston, which I'm planning to attend. I want to ask him some tough questions about the Godhra train burning incident etc because his agenda seems pretty clear and he appears to be a Far-Left Commie like Teesta Seetalvad. Please provide some expose of this man's and his bio and some questions to ask him.

ReplyDelete
Replies
#############

Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
October 18, 2014 at 4:41 PM
hi n,

"The Fiction of Fact-Finding: Modi and Godhra" by journalist Manoj Mitta (Harper Collins) is a book infested with lies—it is NOT even speculation. 

WHO CARES FOR BOOKS FROM HARPER COLLINS ? 

WHO CARES FOR THIS TIMES OF INDIA JOURNALIST ? 

ALMOST EVERY TIMES OF INDIA JOURNALIST ARE LIARS LIKE HIM .

The author Mitta is a well known Modi hater. Hundreds have seen him working in tandem with another Modi haters Teesta Setalvad and Sanjiv Bhatt. 

Mitta must be censured, for he is reopening healed wounds by telling LIES after 13 years .

Ask him if he knows the laws of action and reaction.

Ehsan Jafri, 73, a former Congress MP had opened fire on the Hindu crowd from Gulberg Society, Chamanpura. He was one of the 69 people killed. In 2006, Jafri’s widow Zakia registered another FIR against Narendra Modi and 62 other top police and administrative officials alleging they had aided, abetted and conspired for the riots. 

Zakia Jafri knows that her husband fired on a crowd of Hindu people , killing 2 and injuring 13 triggering violence . She could be found following another LIAR Teesta Setalvad.  In Dec 2013, the court rejected Zakia’s petition against SIT’s closure report giving Narendra Modi a clean chit in the 2002 riot cases.

Among the Muslim mob which threw stones at the railway compartment , there were more than 200 women and children. 

There were more than 4000 witnesses and Manoj Mitta is NOT one of them.. Yet NOT a single Muslim woman or child was arrested. 

There has been a history of Muslims attacking Hindus in that area.

The commission of Mr. Justice G.T. Nanavati and Mr. Justice Akshay H. Mehta had noted that there was a communal riot in 1948 where the Muslims had burnt 869 houses of Hindus. Thereafter the Hindus retaliated and had burnt 

Fake stories were cooked up that the Karsevaks tried to adduct a Ghanchi Muslim girl from Godhra railway station , where there was NO place even to stand in the overcrowded train compartment.

More than 2100 muslims were involved in this massacre , waiting with jerry cans of kerosene and petrol -- even before the train bearing ayodhya kar sevaks steamed in to godra station -- as the train was 5 hours late. 

The over crowded train itself had more than 2200 kar sevaks coming back after Ram Yagna at Ayodhya , and some of them got down at godra . 

The train was pelted with stones for a full 15 minutes before the fire was thrown through the broken windows.

Dozens of huge stones were found all over the compartment with glass panes shattered. The train had left the platform and was stopped at a secluded place adjacent to Muslim slums .

The entire BENAMI main stream media and TV CONDONED the roasting alive of 59 people including 25 women and 15 children on 27th Feb 2002-- since the past 14 years .

Before the 2014 Lok Sabha election , all PRO modi comments in TIMES OF INDIA were allowed to be deleted by AAP or CONGRESS trolls.  92% of my pro-Modi comments were deleted by TOI newspaper. 

Since 2002 the foreign funded PRESSTITUTES have tried to portray Narendra Modi as a murderer. 

It wont work !

Today people believe social media.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Below: Justice UC Bannerjee was more worried about his bumpkin suit than the TRUTH.  He did NOT remove his dark glasses inside the compartment !




Justice Umesh Chandra Banerjee , a stooge of the waitress , concluded that the fire was accidental and not started by the Muslim mob, despite more than 4000 witness being present .   

This judge who must have jailed hundreds of innocents in his career , served as an advisor and adjunct professor at the Rajiv Gandhi School of Intellectual Property Law.

In 2006 Gujarat high court termed the appointment of the high-level Justice UC Banerjee panel that probed the Godhra train carnage as “unconstitutional, illegal and void”.   

UC Bannerjee ignored the written statement of  J Mahapatra, additional director general of the Gujarat police, "miscreants had kept the petrol-soaked rags ready for use much before the train had arrived at the Godhra".

In 2011, death penalty was awarded to 11 convicts; those believed to have been present at a meeting held the night before the incident where the conspiracy was formed, and those who, according to the court, had actually entered the coach and poured petrol before setting it afire.


In October 2006, the High court quashed the conclusions of DESH DROHI Banerjee and ruled that the investigation was "unconstitutional, illegal and null and void", declared its formation to be a "colourable exercise of power with mala fide intentions", and its argument of accidental fire "opposed to the prima facie accepted facts on record." 

The High Court also directed that the report should not be tabled in the Parliament.

Below: Justice UC Banerjee LYING that Muslims had nothing to do with the fire !  He was chosen by Lalu Prasad Yadav, who then used the Godra riot pictures on posters to garner Muslim votes.




It was clear to all that when Bihar elections were announced,  R communist Justice UC Banerjee came out with an INTERIM report on the incident ( pushed by the waitress ) and later when five states were going in for assembly elections, the final report of the committee was published.  

Till today nobody has cared for  254 Hindus ( plus 59 in train )  who were killed by Muslims in the 2002 riots - they only talk about 720 muslims killed -  SELECTIVELY .   Only REACTION is talked about by the BENAMI media - not the most foul ACTION which caused the reaction .. 

Congress Party councillor Taufeeq Khan Pathan and his son Zulfi, notorious gangsters, were allegedly seen leading Muslim rioters.  

The Union Home Ministry's Annual Report of 2002-03 stated that 40,000 Hindus were in riot relief camps.  What made those 40,000 Hindus rush to relief camps?  To seek protection from whom?  Why was it necessary if they were the ONLY aggressors?

Laloo Prasad Yadav hit the campaign trail waving a copy of the Godhra inquiry INTERIM report .  

Fake stories were cooked up that the Karsevaks tried to adduct a Ghanchi Muslim girl from Godhra railway station , where there was NO place even to stand in the overcrowded train compartment.  

The commission of Mr. Justice G.T. Nanavati and Mr. Justice Akshay H. Mehta had noted that there was a communal riot in 1948 where the Muslims had burnt 869 houses of Hindus.  Thereafter the Hindus retaliated and had burnt 3071 houses of mostly Ghanchi Muslims.

Teesta Setalvad sought criminal trial of Narendra Modi, the then Chief Minister of Gujarat.  

Below: This old hag type woman is 7 years younger than me -- this is what happens when you overflow with negativity .


Her great grandfather was a R stooge SIR Chimanlal Harilal Setalvad.  

He was knighted following his good services to the white invader , as a white washing member of the Hunter Commission of Inquiry, inquiring into the Jallianwala Bagh Massacre in 1919.  

He also was founding President of Bahishkrit Hitakarini Sabha, established by another R stooge B.R. Ambedkar in 1924—and R stooge Gandhi loved him  .. 

Teesta Setalvad has bagged several R awards –
International Nuremberg Human Rights Award in 2003,
Defender of Democracy Award by Parliamentarians for Global Action, Hague in 2004
PGA award jointly with Helen Clark, the Prime Minister of New Zealand.
Pax Christi International Peace Award
ITALIAN WAITRESS AWARD - Rajiv Gandhi National Sadbhavana Award

Pakistanis love her. She is a member of the Pakistan India People's Forum for Peace and Democracy.



Below: Teesta Setalvad equated Goddess Kali with ISIS and another ISIS murderer is holding Lord Vishnu's Sudarshan Chakra .  Nothing happens , as the laws of this land are subverted by R communists.





Pawan RaoNovember 13, 2014 at 1:01 PM
Namsate Guruji,

We are organizing a seminar on Pt Madan Mohan Malviya on coming Sunday at Constitution Club, New Delhi. The organizers are Ex-BHU students who regularly attend weekly Shakha at keshav Kunj, Jhandewalan, New Delhi. On invitation card name of RSS is not mentioned to avoid any unnecessary media controversy.

Below are the details of topics on which seminar is organised

 Chief Guest : Dr. Murli Manohar Joshi – Hindutva ki vaishvik Awadharna
 Dr. Krishna Gopal –Sah Sar Sangh sanchalak – Mahamana ka kirti Kalash
 Dr. Devendra Pratap Singh – Ex VC – LucknowUniversity -Aadhunik vigyan ki shiksha aur Mahamana

If you consider this ok to invite interested fellow readers to this seminar then I can put the details on your current post. Invitation card I have shared on my facebook page which can be easily found by searching below id on facebook i.e., pawanfms@gmail.com or they can reach me at 9310977148.

Please delete this comment if you consider this not wroth publishing.

Place : Constitution club, New Delhi
Date : 16th November, 2014. Sunday
Time : 1600 to 1900 hrs.

Regards
Pawan
ReplyDelete

Replies



















Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 13, 2014 at 1:06 PM
hi pr,

TAKE CARE OF BHARATMATA !

ALL THE BEST !!

WE ALL HAVE ONLY ONE MOTHER !!!

capt ajit vadakayil
..
Delete
Reply


WHY SHOULD RSS FEAR THE MEDIA  ?

NARENDRA MODI HAS ALREADY CUT OFF THE STRENGTH FROM UNDER THE FEET OF THE MEDIA BIG BRASS --  ALL JUNIOR MEDIA ARE HIS FANS AND WANT SELFIES WITH HIM..


When such a scenario takes place BENAMI MEDIA bosses must know that EVEN WALLS HAVE EARS!




Who knows this better than Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

Wherever I worked in 30 years of command , the TOP GUN kept his hand on my head  – my sh#t did NOT smell for him  - for him I was an ASSET .

The TOP MANAGEMENT hated my GUTS ,  they would bitch endlessly behind my back , but in front is was rosgolla treacle drooling  – 

--  as Captain was the quintessential SLAVE MORE POWERFUL THAN CAESAR – and I regularly made it a point to tell them collectively  -     

 FU#K OFF  YOU MORONS !



The BOTTOM MANAGEMENT were my diehard fans –

OH how they loved it when I told their uppity bosses to FU#K OFF by message !  They told me how the equation transpired in the office .   

They told me how the TOP GUN would enjoy my FU#K OFF faxes landing on his desk !  

Then he would personally take 20 xerox copies ( punching in his own ID in the photocopier ) and personally distribute it to the right bosses with a smirk on his face  --   like a peon  .




And there was the Belgian Jew owner Capt Vandxxxxxxre , who went one step further. 

He would empty out the a Top Management member's waste paper basket on the floor ( whom  he felt my fax was directed at ) with a kick , and pick out a one inch pencil or a paper pin, --

-and tell him "THIS COSTS MONEY !" .  

The next sentence from his mouth could be " Go home NOW and do NOT come back ever again- this side of town " . 

 Everybody at sea knows this man, for he is termed as ' THE FATHER OF SHIP MANAGEMENT ".  
This Jew was my fan. 

He had one of my poems written for a magazine on his huge desk at a particular spot.   If any of his attendant Chink females even shifted this magazine one inch off its place he would get terribly upset and froth from his mouth.  

He used to call me Capt VAJAKKAAAYEEL . 

Some times Radio officers used to come to my cabin at sea white faced and say " Sir, Capt Vand on the line waiting for you " . 

Such a call is always make or break.   For me it was always make.

He would shout from the other end " Capt VAJAKKAAYEEL I am very grateful to you BLAH BLAH " . 

He had his own salary roll  Chinese Triad mafia . 

Once a Filipino Chief Officer attacked him on the ship with a fire axe.  His goons went to this Filipino's home and broke a number of bones as per some mystic triad mafia Chinese formula .





Below:  This calls for a song by Frank Sinatra - the same which Elvis sang at the start of this post--   Only KING Elvis makes mE heart go TWANG ! -- 




Elvis is the best-selling solo artist in the history of recorded music, with album sales of more than  600 million units.  This song is now the HOT favourite at western funeral services.



A good leader does NOT allow SAFETY IN NUMBERs.

On my ship people who say WE are reminded that he has NOT won an election . He has to say I – not WE.

The white man  has always used safety in numbers,  so that he can be safe from the victims of his FOUL excesses.

31 Years ago, with the Iran / Iraq war in full swing , our tankers used to go to Kharg Island, Lavan Island, Sirri island, Rastannurah,  Juaymah oil terminals to get oil for India. 

I was in command of a supertanker and we had INDIA in white stenciled on the black shipside .  This INDIA could be seen from miles away as it was nearly 200 feet long.

The company STANDARD OPERATING PROCEDURE was to stop outside warzone during the day and steam full speed at night .

I told my company FU#K OFF !

Shove your procedures and your SOP manual.

I told my bosses ashore -

“ My country and this ship flying an Indian flag are friends of both Iran and Iraq.   And my ship was going to Iran to load.  Why should Iranians exocet missile my ship?  Iran is targeting the NATO country ships. These white man’s ships are using our ship for SAFETY IN NUMBERS  as DECOY CHAFF  – we are made to slink along with them like thieves at night .  I wont do it- and here I am breaking your bulls#it policy ! Try me !!”




Needless to say immediately SCI changed their SOP manual - of course this involves the powerful political post Chairman's chair.  



Now all ships had to stop during night outside the war zone and steam AARAAM SE during the day .

TEE HEEEEEE !




We all know that the BENAMI Indian front media and the Zionist foreign media has targeted a surgeon RK Gupta for being DOCTOR DEATH . They call him selfish who wanted to create records.

Well this man did more than 100, 000 ( one hundred thousand / one lakh ) similar sterilization surgeries – all successful and India is proud of his expertise.  

Try counting till one lakh .

The deaths were NOT caused by bad surgeon, EXPRESS surgery ( he did 83 operations in about 330 minutes ) at 4 minutes per surgery.

The deaths  were NOT caused by rusty surgical knives—we Indians are NOT monkeys.

The death were NOT caused by unhygienic clinic.

The deaths were caused by CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES --  whose praises were sung by Aamir Khan in Satyameva Jayate Season 1.   Check out the Youtube videos.



Branded medicines are expensive as they go through stringent tests .   Cheap generic drugs are UNTESTED .

For pointing this out , I was slapped with DEFAMATION CHARGES using Cyber police sec 66 of IT act ( introduced by the waitress and bunty Sibal )





Below: R chooses who comes on Time's cover.    

In April 2013, Aamir Khan was in TIME magazine's 100 Most Influential People in the World List  - R decides who comes on this list .




Men who consumed these drugs have 

collapsed! 


This is the meaning of PERCEPTION !!



Punch into Google search-

GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL .

THERE IS A SAFETY IN NUMBERS GAME HERE .

The west has started getting all sorts of brain diseases-- due to consuming tainted beef of cows fed with waste meat .    



Lab rats and guinea pigs are NOT conscious animals . 

Only humans can see in COLOUR and see themselves in the MIRROR.  Only a handful of animals like apes, bonobos, elephants etc  can do both like humans .

Since the past 10 years ( rule of waitress ) ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA have been using Indians as LAB RATS.

Punch into Google search -

SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL




They choose tribals as their robust bodies are UNPOLLUTED – they consume healthy organic foods and their chromosomes and DNA do NOT have genetic defects , which cause genetic diseases.



A lot of HUMAN RIGHTS NGOs are just fronts for the EVIL PHARMA and they act as agents.



Agents of ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA come to India with VISA ON ARRIVAL tourists, with their baggage containing UNTESTED medicines to be tested LIVE on REAL HUMAN GUINEA PIGS .



In this Chattisgarh case they gave 22 US dollars to entice these poor vulnerable forest dwelling tribal women-whose population is steadily dwindling .   If you check out none of them will be Christians .



Punch into Google search-

BAUXITE MINING, NAXALITE MENACE, JOSHUA CONSPIRACY VADAKAYIL

and

TROJAN HORSE FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs OF INDIA  VADAKAYIL



DESPITE A SUPREME COURT ORDER NOT TO USE INDIANS AS LAB RATS AND GUINEA PIGS FOR CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES , THIS EVIL PRACTISE CONTINUES DURING THE RULE OF THE WAITRESS..




Finally on 3rd Jan 2013 an exasperated Supreme Court , slammed the Centre for its failure to stop illegal clinical trials of untested drugs by multinational companies,  saying the drug trials are creating HAVOC in the country and causing death of many citizens .



A bench of justices RM Lodha and AR Dave RULED that all clinical trials will be done under the supervision of the health secretary at the Centre . 



QUOTE You have to protect health of citizens of the country.  It is your obligation.  Deaths must be arrested and illegal trials must be stayed UNQUOTE -     the apex judicial bench said, asking the government to handle the menace on an urgent basis .



The apex court said that the government has gone into deep slumber on the issue and has failed to put in place proper mechanisms to stop rackets of multinational companies, which are conducting illegal clinical trials .




CHECK OUT THE LINK BELOW:--

http://archive.indianexpress.com/news/aamir-khan-appears-before-par-panel-pitches-for-generic-drugs/964953/1





www.sacw.net | March 24, 2005

Text of citizens statement re the Indian Prime minister's comments in the Rajya Sabha following refusal of US Visa to Narendra Modi

We express our shock and anger at the stand taken by the Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh in the Rajya Sabha on the issue of refusal of visa to Mr. Narendra Modi by the USA.  He has said that it is not proper for any agency to form its opinion on the role of Sh. Modi in the 2002 Gujarat genocide based on mere allegations.  Sh. Singh needs to be reminded that it was the NHRC which had castigated Mr. Modi and his state government for having aided and abetted the act of genocide of Muslims in Gujarat in 2002, and it was the Supreme Court of India that had opined that the Modi government cannot be relied upon to bring about justice to the victims of the carnage. 

More than 50 national and international agencies of high credibility with their painstaking investigation had held Mr. Modi directly responsible for the act of genocide. The Prime Minister needs to come clean on this issue. Does he hold a considered opinion that the observations made by the NHRC and the Supreme Court of India are to be treated with contempt as shown by him in his Rajya Sabha speech?

Mr. Modi's policies of hatred should not be legitimised even by association. Mr. Modi is no ordinary elected leader. He has become infamous for his active abetment in the most brutal massacre since India became free, of a segment of the citizens of his state. His notoriety has deepened in the past 3 years because he remains completely unrepentant for these crimes, including the mass slaughter and rape of hundreds of innocent women and children, and instead has openly fought elections from a platform of hate. He has deliberately subverted the process of justice, that have attracted unprecedented structure from the Supreme Court of India.

We continue - to harbour grave disquiet about the militaristic and chauvinistic policies of the current US government itself, most notably in Afghanistan and Iraq. George Bush and his cohorts cannot be the arbiters of human rights.

We commend the untiring efforts of NRIs and human rights activists in the US and in India who mobilized public opinion and pressurized the US administration which led to the denial of Modi's visa. For those who claim that the international community has no role to play in the Gujarat carnage since it is a matter internal to the Indian nation, we would like to remind them that by the same logic, the entire world should have remained a mute spectator as millions of Jews were imprisoned and executed in concentration camps by the Nazi government. 

For those who claim that any insult to any elected official is an insult to the entire nation, we would like to remind them that Hitler, who is reviled even today, was also an elected official. There is nothing more insulting to the Indian nation than the pogroms that took place in Gujarat, and the fact that their main architect, Sh Narendra Modi, still continues to enjoy the powers and privileges of the Chief Minister in that state, while the Prime Minister of the country rushes to his defence. 

It is a matter of great shame that even 10 months after having assumed power the UPA government has done nothing to ensure justice to the victims of Gujarat genocide. It has taken no steps to instill a sense of security and confidence among the displaced, raped, and maimed minorities of Gujarat who have been left to fend for themselves. No financial and legal aid has been arranged by the Central government for them and it is treating the whole Gujarat genocide as a routine state matter.

The statement by Dr. Manmohan Singh adds insult to the injury suffered by the Genocide victims of Gujarat, and is an affront to those NRIs and human rights activists in the US whose unflagging pressure on the US administration resulted in the denial of Mr. Modi's visa. That Dr. Singh should feel compelled to come out openly to speak for an organizer of mass murder who feels no remorse for his role shows that Dr. Singh has lost all sense of propriety. The statement also shows that the government wants to remain neutral on the question of communalism.

We, as people who are committed to secularism and human rights in India, feel betrayed and would like to take this opportunity to express our sense of despair that the political formation which is in power at the centre lacks any sense of moral responsibility and moral courage.

On behalf of the dead and living victims of Gujarat genocide and on behalf of the sections of civil society which have worked for the defeat of the communal forces we demand an apology from Dr. Manmohan Singh for having humiliated the wronged citizens of India by issuing a highly insensitive and irresponsible statement defending Mr. Narendra Modi.
March 21, 2005
Released by
Shabnam Hashmi - ANHAD, Delhi >


On behalf of:

1. Aamir Khan- Actor, Mumbai
2. Aditya-Ceo, Ekgaon Technologies
3. Admiral Ramu Ramdas- Member, National Integration Council
4. Adv. Aradhana Bhargava- Mahatama Gandhi Sansthan, Madhya Pradesh
5. Adv. Rajendra K. Sail-Pucl, Chattisgarh
6. Agnesh Murmu-Gram Sabha Seva Sansthan,Jharkhand
7. Ajeet Caur, Writer, Delhi
8. Ajit Kumar-Arise, Aurangabad
9. Akshay Sail -Rcdrc, Raipur
10. Alladi Sitaram-Emeritus Professor, Indian Statistical Institute
11. Allwyn D' Silva- Documentation Research And Training Centre,Mumbai
12. Amal Charles -,Step, Secundrabad
13. Amar Farooqui- Reader, History Dept, Delhi University, Delhi
14. Amar Jyoti- Activist, Chennai
15. Amita & BCF Team
16. Amrit Gangar-Film Critic, Curator,Mumbai
17. Amrita Chhachhi, Delhi
18. Anand Kumar- Ncdhr
19. Anand Patwardhan-Film Maker, Mumbai
20. Anant Krishna-Researcher, Hyderabad
21. Aneesh Pradhan-Musician, Mumbai
22. Angana Chatterji-Professor of Anthropology, San Francisco, USA
23. Anil Chaudhary-Indian Social Action Forum, Delhi
24. Anjum Rajabali-Script Writer, Mumbai
25. Anu Chenoy- Academician,JNU
26. Anup Sanda- National Alliance of People's Movements, Sultanpur, UP
27. Anurag Chaturvedi-Journalist, Mumbai
28. Anwar Ahmad
29. Apoorvanand- Reader, Delhi University
30. Aradhana Seth- Vienna. Austria.
31. Arjun Dev- Historian, Delhi
32. Arpana Caur- Painter, Delhi
33. Arundhati Dhuru - National Alliance of People's Movements, Lucknow, UP
34. Arvind Krishnaswamy- Insaaniyat, Mumbai
35. Arvind Kumar- National Alliance of People's Movements, Mau , UP
36. Ashis Nandy-CSDS, Delhi
37. Ashish Garg- Regional Coordinator-India, World Links, New Delhi
38. Ashok Kumar Dalai-Maitree Samaj, Orissa
39. Ashok Vajpeyi, Writer, Delhi
40. B.Mahesh
41. Bhashwati- Activist, Hyderabad
42. Bishakha Datta-Documentary Filmmaker And Writer, Mumbai
43. Cedric Prakash - Director, Prashant(Centre For Human Rights Justice And Peace, Gujarat
44. Chandita Mukherjee-Film Maker, Mumbai
45. Chitra Singh- Animal Rights Activist, Bhopal
46. Chitranjan Singh-PUCL, Allahabad
47. Colin Gonsalves-Human Rights Law Network
48. Damini Tiwari- Student, Mumbai
49. Dayamani Barla -Freelance Journalist, Jharkhand
50. Deepak Singh-Managing Director - Iram, Ex Member - I-Congo (Indian Confederation Of NGOs)
51. Digant Oza- Senior Journalist, Ahmedabad
52. Dilip Kumar- Veteran Film Actor, Mumbai
53. Dilip Simeon-Academician, Delhi University
54. Dr Zafarul-Islam Khan- Editor, The Milli Gazette Newspaper, New Delhi
55. Dr. Amar Jesani- Medico Friend Circle, Forum For Medical Ethics Society, Mumbai
56. Dr. Seema Parveen-Institute of Social Sciences, Lucknow
57. Dr. Umakant-Ncdhr
58. Dr. Virendra Vidrohi -MMSVS, Rajasthan
59. Dr.Saroop Dhruv -,Darshan , Ahmedabad
60. Farah Naqvi- Independant Writer And Activist, Delhi
61. Farida Khan
62. Firozkhan Pathan-Dallas, Taxes, USA
63. Francis Parmar, Principal, St Xaviers College, Ahmedabad
64. Gauhar Raza-Documentary Film Maker, Poet, Delhi
65. Gorakshnath Dhanwate-Prerna Krida Mandal, Maharashtra
66. Govind Singh Mahra-Uttarakhand Van Panchayat,Sarpanch Sangathan,Uttranchal
67. Harsh Kapoor-South Asia Citizens Web, France
68. Harsh Mander-Writer, Social Activist, Delhi
69. Hema B.Rajashekhar
70. Hemant Tiwari, Uttranchal
71. Henri Tiphange, People's Watch, Chennai
72. Hiren Gandhi,Theatre, Samvedan Cultural Programme, Ahmedabad
73. Hyder Khan, Chairman, Supporters Of Human Rights In India (SHRI), Minneapolis
74. I.M.Bhana
75. Imtiazuddin- Exec Dir, Coalition For A Secular And Democratic India, Chicago
76. Indira Arjun Dev-Acaedemician, Delhi
77. Irfan Ahmed ,Lok Manch, Aurangabad
78. Irfan Habib-Historian, Delhi
79. Jaba Menon- One Worldnet, Delhi
80. Janette Sunita- Tarshi, Delhi
81. Jaswinder Singh Mand, Journalist, Nawa Zamana, Jallandhar
82. Javed Akhtar-Lyricist, Mumbai
83. Jawed Naqvi-Journalist, Delhi
84. Jaya Sharma
85. Juli Queen Mary Selvakumar,-Arise, Tamil Nadu
86. Jyoti Bose, Principal, Springdales School, Delhi
87. K. L. Moyo -Save The River Movement, Nagaland
88. K.N.Sasi -Vaikom, Kerela
89. Kabir Vajpeyi-
90. Kalamani-
91. Kalyani Upendranath Baske-Nagpur Diocesan Dev. Assn. (Ndda), Maharashtra
92. Kamal Mitra Chenoy- Professor, JNU
93. Kandala Singh- Youth For Peace
94. Karthik Bezawada,Principal, Crictv Llc
95. Karuppan-
96. Khalid Azam-Coalition Against Genocide, USA
97. Kiran Shaeen- Head Communication, New Delhi
98. KN Panikkar-Academician, Trivendrum
99. Lahrc, Surat
100. Lalit Babar- Dalit Activist, Mumbai
101. Lalita Ramdas-Activist, Maharashtra
102. Laxmaiah of CDS
103. M. J. Jose-Dawn Trust . Kerela
104. M.Mandal-Activist, Hyderabad
105. Mahesh - National Alliance Of People's Movements, Lucknow
106. Mahesh Bhatt, Producer & Director
107. Manas Jena- Development Initiative, Orissa
108. Manasa Patnam-Youth Forpeace
109. Manjula Sen-Freelance Journalist, Mumbai
110. Manoj Kumar- Belgium
111. Mansi Sharma-Anhad
112. Marry E.John-Women's Studies Programme, JNU
113. Martin J Shah- Prog Officer, RUPcha, Delhi
114. Martin Macwan- Navsarjan, Gujarat
115. Meera Velayudhan-Utthan
116. Mitu Pati-Suprabat, Orissa
117. Molana Hanif -,Mewat Vikas Shiksha Samiti, Rajasthan
118. Mouttoucannou , PUCL, Kerela
119. Moyna Manku-Youth For Peace, Hyderabad
120. Mrinalini Tiwari, Student, Mumbai
121. Mukul Dube, Free Lance Writer, Delhi
122. Mukundan C. Menon,Secretary General,(CHRO)
123. N.D.Pancholi- The Amiya & B.G.Rao Foundation, New Delhi
124. Nafisa Ali, Actress, Activist, Delhi
125. Nandita Das-Actress, Delhi
126. Nandlal Master- National Alliance Of People's Movements, Varanasi
127. Nanjundaiah,Nisarga Foundation, Mysore
128. Nasirriddin Haider Khan,
129. Naveen Siromoni,Creative Director,Karpediem Design Pvt Ltd
130. Neha Patel, TARSHI, Delhi
131. Osama Manzar- Director, Digital Empowerment Foundation
132. P. Joseph Victor Raj,Holistic Approach For People'S Empowerment,Hope, Pondicherry
133. Paul Divakar, NCDHR, Hyderabad
134. PD John- Policy Institute, Washington DC
135. Prabha,-Tarshi, Delhi
136. Praful Bidwai, Senior Journalist, Delhi
137. Pramila Loomba- Vice President, NFIW, Delhi
138. Prashant Bhushan-Advocate Supreme Court, Delhi
139. Praveen Mote,Samatha, Hyderabad
140. Priti Verma- Human Rights Law Network
141. Prof. Dipankar Home,Dept. of Physics, Bose Institute, Kolkata
142. Ra Ravishankar, University of Illinois
143. Ra Ravishankar, University of Illinois, USA/St1:Country-Region>
144. Raghu Tiwari ,Aman
145. Rahul Ram, Singer
146. Rajim Tandi,Mukti - Niketan, Chattisgarh
147. Ram Kumar-
148. Ram Punyani, Ekta, Mumbai
149. Ramesh Ali Beasant , Ambedkar Lohia Vichar Manch , Cuttack
150. Reuban Raj-Center For Education & Social Services, Madurai
151. Rish Raj Singh, Entrepreneur, Bhopal
152. Ruchira Gupta, Executive Director,Apne Aap Women Worldwide
153. Ruth Manorma- Dalit Activists, Tamil Nadu
154. S Faizi, Environmentalist, Thiruvananthapuram
Dr. Henry Thiagaraj, Managing Trustee, Dalit Liberation Education Trust & Founder Of Human Rights Education Movement
155. S K Thorat- International Institute of Dalit Studies
156. S. Sreekant, Deed - Development Through Education, Karnataka
157. Saeed Patel, NRI-SAHI
158. Sahir Raza-Youth For Peace
159. Sameer Singh, Media Planner
160. Sandeep Pandey- National Alliance of People's Movements, Lucknow, UP
161. Sangram Keshari Mallik,Manav Adhikar, Orissa
162. Sanjay Singh- National Alliance of People's Movements, Sutanpur, UP
163. Sarup Dhruv -Theatre, Darshan, Ahmedabad
Utkarsh Kumar Sinha-Ccrs (Centre For Contemporary Research & Studies), Lucknow
164. Sarup Dhruv, Darshan, Ahmedabad
165. Sehba Farooqui- Gen-Sec, National Federation Of Indian Women (NFIW), Delhi
166. Shabnam Hashmi -Social Activist, Member, National Integration Council,Delhi
167. Shalini Gera-Activist, USA
168. Shamanthaka David,Cord, Karnataka
169. Sharda, Deed, Karnataka
170. Sheba George, SAHR WARU
171. Shekhar,Samvad, Jharkhand
172. Shiamala Baby ,Forum For Women's Rights & Development (Forword), Chennai
173. Shibi Peter,Youth Institute For Leadership Training, CSI Youth, Kerela
174. Shivali, University of Illinois,USA
175. Shoba Ramachandran, Books For Change, Bangalore
176. Shubha Mudgal, Musician, Delhi
177. Snehaprabha Mallick,Sc - St Village Welfare Dev. Yojana, Orissa
178. Sofia Khan, Advocate, Ahmedabad
179. Sohail Hashmi, Documentary Filmmaker
180. Sonia Jabber, Film Maker, Delhi
181. SP Udayakumar, South Asian Community Centre For Education And Research, Nagercoil
182. Stalin K., Filmmaker.
183. Subhendu Bhadra- Promise of India
184. Sujata Tiwari, Anticounterfieting, Mumbai
185. Suma Josson, Mumbai
186. Sunil Deshmukh36 Northwind Drstamford, Connecticut, USA 06903
187. Sunil Kumar Singh , Lok Manch, Aurangabad
188. Suresh Wasnik,Peace - Peoples Education Ass For Community & Environment, Karnataka
189. Swami Agnivesh
190. T.Jayaraman, Scientist, TIFR
191. Tarun Tejpal, Tehelka, Delhi
192. Than Singh
193. Thomas Pallithanam
194. Tk Ramachandran-Kerala
195. U. Radha Priyadarshini, Sabala, Kurnool
196. Uma Ashish Nandi
197. Vijay Pratap Singh , Social Activist, Delhi
198. Vimal Thorat, Ncdhr, Delhi
199. Vinay Kumar Dalit Bahujan Samaj
200. Vincent Manoharan, NCDHR, Hyderabad
201. Vishwanath, Judav, Jharkhand
202. Wilfred,INSAAF, Ahmedabad
203. Yunus Khimani, Professor, National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad
204. Zubair Patel, Gujarati Muslim Association of America

http://www.sacw.net/DC/CommunalismCollection/ArticlesArchive/anhad21032005.html




MODI SAAB , I KNOW YOU WILL READ THIS -- KYA HO RAHA HAI ? The rest of the 204 people in the list above still throw garbage at you - at least they are NOT hypocrites .






Modi saab - are you a hypocrite? 

I have never supported a hypocrite in my life !   

Do you deserve the support of Capt Ajit Vadakayil , and his desh bhakt followers ?? ( I guess I must wait till 31st Dec 2014 ! ) 





Below:   Dont we have intelligence agencies?    Dont they know which medical big wigs are sponsored by ZIONIST evil Pharma for SEX jaunts to Thailand , USA and Europe?












Hers is a piece of advise for Narendra Modi – who has screwed it up BIG TIME in Maharashtra !

A leader with SPIRIT can interpolate and extrapolate larger truths.  He can go from microscope mode to telescope mode.

Modi has kicked millions of DESH BHAKT Hindus ( Shiv  Sainiks ) in the teeth , in Maharashtra , just because he felt the imminent need to teach IMMATURE Uddhav Thackrey a lesson. .  

Today Muslims who wanted to sell Bharatmata to Pakistan are more important ? 

Modi saab nobody holds the MONOPOLY to patriotism .



Mind you Shiv Sena was married to BJP for 25 years.   Tomorrow in my wife of 31 years has a verbal fight with me , I will divorce her?    

One of the reason I do NOT like Sachin Tendulkar is because he let a small incident come in between a great friendship with Vinod Kambli .

Narendra Modi should have known the Hindu desh bhakt PEOPLE are more important than a greenhorn leader who was shoved on the leadership chair by dynasty —just because Uddhav is Bal Thackrey’s son.

Uddhav Thackrey kept giving Modi ultimatums and deadlines — more out of desperation than immaturity.

Narendra Modi saab you must know this TRUTH  today , can you handle it ? —  a man with PERCEPTION is telling you this .

This type of HARDLINE attitude causes WARS !



Above: Modi saab, do you understand the words above ?  

It gives me NO pleasure when I ASK you to understand it, for the sake of the WATAN  !  

If you understand it, then you will also understand how the Maharashtrian desh bhakts who voted for you in Lok Sabha elections 2014 feel today . 



MODI SAAB,   REMEMBER THIS--  THE WAITRESS HAD THOUGHT BY GIVING SACHIN TENDULKAR  BHARAT RATNA ,   ALL HIS FANS WILL VOTE FOR HER ! 

IT DOES NOT WORK THAT WAY  !!  

SO MODI SAAB,  TAKE IT EASY IN YOUR DRIVE FOR MUSLIM   VOTES !!


Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 14, 2014 at 1:13 PM
STOP PRESS:

INFECTION CANNOT HAPPEN SO FAST TO WOMEN WHO UNDERWENT STERILIZATION-- THAT THEY DIE.

MEN WHO CONSUMED SAME MEDICINES AND COLLAPSED , DID NOT GO THOUGH ANY SUCH OPERATION BY RK GUPTA .

IF BJP GOVT TRIES TO HIDE THE TRUTH, TO SAVE THEIR ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA FRIENDS -- THEY WILL PAY A HEAVY PRICE .

WE INDIANS WANT THE TRUTH TO PREVAIL , OVER CHEAP GENERIC UNTESTED DRUGS .

ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA HAVE PUSHED THEIR OWN UNTESTED MEDICINES AND THEY PREFER TRIBAL WOMEN WHO EAT ORGANIC FOOD AND LIVE IN THE LAP OF NATURE.

WE WANT THE ROT TO BE EXPOSED !

BE WARNED !

capt ajit vadakayil
..

MY READERS WILL KNOW THAT CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WAS THE ONLY PERSON ON THE INTERNET WHO EXPOSED THE OLD FASTING GOAT AND HIS HEGELIAN DIALECTIC  .

SAME WAY CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WAS THE ONLY PERSON WHO SAID THAT " UNTESTED CHEAP GENERIC DRUGS" ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR 14 WOMENs DEATHS  IN THE FIRST 48 HOURS . .

things will happen now !

#################

Ajit Vadakayil
Nov 13 (1 day ago)

to: inmedici,  nationalpresid.,  bcc: ima.hqrs

SUBJECT :   Chhattisgarhs  KILLER  doctor held, was awarded for record 50,000 surgeries   .

##########################

ALL INDIAN DOCTORS AND SURGEONS BE WARNED-    ONE DAY YOU WILL BE HUNG FOR MANSLAUGHTER AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE RUINED     .

The comment I made below, has been SPAMMED by every Indian and foreign media –  all ZIONIST foreign EVIL PHARMA SUPARI fed  PRESSTITUTES and  BENAMI owned media     .

Despite a  SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as  LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED  GENERIC MEDICINES ,  this evil continues   ..

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one, and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab  rats ,  and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE  ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media  are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a KILLER .

Exactly like how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled  - for being responsible for all betting corruption evils in BCCI/ IPL   .

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons competence, RUSTY surgical instruments, dirty clinic –every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES  .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 1400 RUPEES   ? the answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain  .

VICTIMS CLEARLY DISPLAYED TOXIC SHOCK INFLICTED BY UNTESTED TOXIC MEDICINES     .

WE INDIANS WANT PM NARENDRA MODI TO IMMEDIATELY DO A THOROUGH INQUIRY     .

Punch into Google search    -
.             GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs  VADAKAYIL          .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
##########################
Ajit Vadakayil
12:40 PM (39 minutes ago)

to Inmedici, N.P.

WE INDIANS ARE PROUD OF RK GUPTA   .    LET US SEE WHO CAN PUNISH HIM    . SUBJECT : Chhattisgarhs KILLER doctor held, was awarded for record 50,000 surgeries . ##########################

ALL INDIAN DOCTORS AND SURGEONS BE WARNED -  ONE DAY YOU WILL BE HUNG FOR MANSLAUGHTER AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE RUINED    . 

Despite a SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES , this evil continues . .

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one,  and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab rats , and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE   ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a SPEED KILLER   .

Exactly like how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled - for being responsible for all betting corruption evils in BCCI/ IPL  .

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons eagerness to set record,  incompetence ,  RUSTY surgical instruments,  dirty clinic - every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES   .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 1400 RUPEES  ? the answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain as they live in the lap of nature eating organic food   . 

VICTIMS CLEARLY DISPLAYED TOXIC SHOCK INFLICTED BY UNTESTED TOXIC MEDICINES . 

Even men in that area have collapsed taking the same medicines  . 

Women  cant die so fast in case there is infection  .--

 and the MEN go infected with what? 

PRAY ? 

PRITHEE ??.     

Punch into Google search - .   

GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL    .  

We Indians will NOT allow sunset to be converted to sunrise by BRIBED by EVIL PHARMA Indian JUDAS surgeons -- telling lies about RUSTY surgical knives and EXPRESS surgeries ( which he has done one hundred thousand times before ) ..

try counting till one lakh   .  


Capt ajit vadakayil ..

#########################


http://ibnlive.in.com/news/aamir-khan-felicitated-with-us-award-for-satyamev-jayate/431182-44-124.html


MY READERS MUST BE VERY SURPRISED WHY CAPTAIN IS FIGHTING FROM SOME UNKNOWN SURGEON RK GUPTA.

IS IS NOT ABOUT RK GUPTA-- IT IS ABOUT BHARATMATA WHO HAS BEEN BLED BY JUDASES FOR THE PAST 800 YEARS -- IT IS STILL GOING ON !


Ever heard of Dr.Murugappa Channaveerappa Modi?

He gave free eye sight to 610564 people , who would have been blind.

He sought no fame or money or control.  

With missionary zeal he got his own hands dirty.

The Guinness Book of World Records lists Modi as the "most dedicated doctor," for performing the highest number of eye surgeries.  He performed as many as 833 cataract operations in one day.

 He visited 46,120 villages and 12,118,630 patients, and performed a total of 610,564 operations to February 1993.

"When my time comes I would like to disappear silently" MC Modi said modestly.


He said- "Like a circus company I have toured all over India since 1943 to provide free eye relief service. In the process I have examined over 10 million patients and conducted over 700,000 eye operations, which I am told is a world record.  Somebody compared me to Henry Ford,  saying I had brought conveyor belt technology to the field of eye-care.  My way of looking at things has not been affected by the ageing process at all.  I am just an ordinary man.  I will serve as long as God wants me to.  For me, my patient is my god, the operating room is my temple and my instruments are my puja.  My work has therefore been my pilgrimage." 

Below: Who deserved Bharat Ratna more ? 

Sachin fu#kin' Tendulkar or Dr Modi ?




WELL, LISTEN UP -


THIS BLOGSITE AWARDS -

THE" PEOPLEs BHARAT RATNA OF 2014" --

TO EYE SURGEON --

Dr MURUGAPPA CHANNAVEERAPPA MODI .






Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 14, 2014 at 5:17 PM
STOP PRESS:

I WANT ALL MY READERS TO READ THE POST BELOW AGAIN -

Punch into Google search-

TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE, SREESANTH AND MISUSE OF MCOCA VADAKAYIL .

THE MOMENT THE POLICE PUT THE BLACK BAG ON SREESHANTs HEAD- I TOLD MY WIFE , THERE WILL BE DIVINE RETRIBUTION .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Below: Owner of British East India company's ( ruler of India Jew Rothschild ) Opium exports .  

In 1799 Rothschild grabbed Tipu Sultan's gold ( Kerala temple gold ) and became the richest on the planet.  




Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 9, 2014 at 4:46 AM
hi a,

SREESANTH WAS ARRESTED AND A BLACK BAG PUT ON IS HEAD BY ORDERS FROM RICH PEOPLE IN BCCI.

THIS WAS TO TELL INDIANS --LISTEN ALL IS WELL NOW, WE HAVE CAUGHT THE CULPRIT.

THE ROT STARTS RIGHT FROM FROM THE TOP.

WHY ARE BIG CORRUPT POLITICIANS AND SUPER RICH BUSINESSMEN   (  WHO WERE OPIUM DRUG RUNNERS OF ROTHSCHILD   )   IN A PRIVATE CHARITY NGO NAMED BCCI ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..





Vladimir Putin has underlining his presence at a G20 summit in Australia by stationing 4 powerful warships in waters off the country's northeastern coast, prompting the Australian prime minister to rave and rant.

http://www.miamiherald.com/news/business/article3930434.html

I ask Putin to protect himself- the FREE WORLD cannot afford to lose him.  No other world leader has been subjected to so many outrageous personal attacks and unrelenting false accusations since WW2. 

Vladimir Putin represents a genuine threat to the World Shadow Government (WSG)  we in India call the New World Order ( NWO ) in a way that profoundly unnerves those who reside at the peak of the global power pyramid.

Putin has been highly supportive of genuine family values which are diametrically opposed to the anti-traditional family, overt gay agenda put out by the Jewish controlled entertainment conglomerates.   The Russian people- nay- the FREE WORLD have come to respect Putin as a moral world leader. . 

Putin is at ease with the Russian people who LOVE him, and mingles among them. This makes him an easy target for the CIA to use a Chechnya terrorist, a Jihadist suicide bomber, or the traditional “lone nut” to assassinate Putin.  

So Putin be careful !



The immoral, decadent West is incapable of producing leadership of Putin’s quality.  Having defamed Putin and calling him a MAD DOG like Gaddafi , , assassinating him will cause little comment in the Western media.  

Let me quote Putin-.

QUOTE:   The Cold War ended, but it did not end with the signing of a peace treaty with clear and transparent agreements on respecting existing rules or creating new rules and standards. This created the impression that the so-called ‘victors’ in the Cold War had decided to pressure events and reshape the world to suit their own needs and interests. If the existing system of international relations, international law and the checks and balances in place got in the way of these aims, this system was declared worthless, outdated and in need of immediate demolition.
 

Pardon the analogy, but this is the way nouveaux riches behave when they suddenly end up with a great fortune, in this case, in the shape of world leadership and domination. or financing sources, today, the money is coming not just from drugs, ( he refers to Rothschild whose ancestors were RADDHIWALAS ) production of which has increased not just by a few percentage points but many-fold, since the international coalition forces have been present in Afghanistan. You are aware of this. 




 The terrorists are getting money from selling oil too. Oil is produced in territory controlled by the terrorists, who sell it at dumping prices, produce it and transport it. But someone buys this oil, resells it, and makes a profit from it, not thinking about the fact that they are thus financing terrorists who could come sooner or later to their own soil and sow destruction in their own countries. UNQUOTE 

Putin knows the content of the post below.    

Narendra Modi  is NAÏVE and has NO idea  yet -   and his personal  advisors (  are they hand picked by R ? ) do NOT intend to usher him from darkness to light about gruesome Bilderberg intrigue !

Punch into Google search-

EXHUMING DIRTY SECRETS OF BOLSHEVIK REVOLUTION VADAKAYIL


True incident:--

One of my Russian Chief Officers showed me a video on his laptop.  Boris Yeltzin went to visit a foreign nation. He walked down the airplane gangway with TV cameras running LIVE on TV.   But our man turns around goes behind the giant aircraft wheel .  Just when all were wondering what is happening, they could see a stream of urine flowing past the wheel .




You cannot be a good leader unless you know HEGELIAN DIALECTICS used by EVIL people do conduct false flag attacks.

Punch into Google search-
HEGELIAN DIALECTIC, THE CANCER ON THIS PLANET VADAKAYIL   .

Let me give a couple of SIMPLE examples- this is a true incident .

My Goan catholic Chief Officer ( a good man ) told me this over a beer-  his Chutney Mary wife was present and so this is NOT bull.

He held a party in his house in Bandra. One of his pickle john friends FANDU types had come. He said that he has to take a flight abroad to join his ship after midnight.

Anyways he was chatting up an Anglo Indian girl, who was very attractive  and had an innocent face – but she was the type who opens her legs out anytime for anybody.   

Our Fandu did NOT know this.   He thought is was LOBE- nay –love.

Pretty soon they were doing mouth to mouth kissing and heavy petting in dark corners.

My Chief Officer reminded him twice , don’t miss your flight .

Any ways , he managed a quickie in the toilet  , and then went rushing away like the Male Cindrella.



It so transpired , our Fandu man rings up the airport and tells them that there is a BOMB planted on the aircraft giving the flight number in his nice Bandra accent.

By the time he reached there , it was 15 minutes past take off time.    

All the passenger were still at the boarding gate, while the plane was being searched .

The police were waiting for him at the check in point as he rushed in .   

The cop straight away told him “ AAAAOOOOO ! AAAAOOOOO !!   Hamein tumhaara intezaar hai bhaiyya !   We have been waiting for you, you are the only passenger who is missing . We have already traced the call to your home !” 

And hear this.

This was told to be by a Dalit cadet.

Once they had a cricket match planned and on that day there suddenly  a crucial exam was fixed.
They held a meet the previous day and this is what they decided.

At midnight a few of them would go to the nearest BR Ambedkar statue to the school.   First sentries would be posted to keep KV ( keen vigilance )  .

Using a catapult  they would break the street lights next to the statue.    They would use a ladder climb up and put a garland of old chappals , which they had collected from a garbage bin near a Hindu temple.

Next morning the Dalit kids went to the statue at sunrise and started shouting MURDABAD .  

Couple of them alerted the Dalit shakha leaders and called them NAPUNSAKS .    

There was immediate BANDH due to stone throwing .  This cadet told me , it is amazing how fast the violence spread to nearly areas with buses being burnt .




The children had their cricket match .

Some stones had broken the glass panes of the principal’s room of the school  and the school’s telephone lines were cut.

Below: Very soon Mayawati's statues will need bullet proof glass casing !  

If you know Hegelian dialectics , and you are not a CHOOT , you will know that political posters below were pasted by rivals . 

But hey, our mindless Indian police and Judiciary go according to SABOOT ( objective evidence ) that is how smart they are !!





So, when the Rothschild controlled opinion makers say that Switzerland is the most honest country and India is the most corrupt country —what will you say— if you understand Hegelian Dialectics?

If you steal a loaf of bread to feed your starving children , you will be in jail .  

If you steal billions , you are what ?

Laws are only for people whose stomachs are NOT empty.   

When your survival is at stake , and you have NO access to clean drinking water and fresh air,  are any laws applicable for you ?  

The Zionists in cahoots with English church gave VEDANTA a bad name . They gave this holy name to a Bauxite mining company which deprived Bharatmata’s children off clean water, air and food. 

These people turned NAXALITES .   

All these foreign funded NGOs who fight for naxal rights actually do just the opposite . They poison their minds and convert them to Christianity .

Punch into Google search-
BAUXITE MINING, NAXALITE MENACE, JOSHUA CONSPIRACY VADAKAYIL



So Modi Saab, before you kill a Naxalite who is a child of Bharatmata ,  first check if he has access to clean air and water.

If NOT then provide him with these survival essentials .  



And punish all those who convert vulnerable and deprived people .. 




The RED corridor can be converted to an ISIS field anytime .   Be warned !




Above :  NO SMELLY WHITE TOURIST WITH A YELLOW SPOT ON HIS UNDIES AT THE ANUS AREA , SHALL RIDICULE YOUNG INDIAN CHILDREN 




MAYBE IT IS YOUR CULTURE , BUT IN INDIA YOU SHALL RESPECT INDIAN CULTURE  .   

I CHALLENGE THESE ATITI DEVO BHAVA TEAM TO PLAY THIS VIDEO AGAIN ON TV  -- IPC code Section 13c of the Protection of Children prohibits indecent representation of a child through the media. THERE IS ENOUGH SPACE IN TIHAR JAIL !



ATITHI DEVO BHAVA  FOR THE WHITE TOURIST ?

INDIA IS FOR US INDIANS TO LIVE IN ,  NOT FOR FILTHY WHITE BACKPACK TOURISTS TO GAPE AT !

THAT PICTURE OF A SMALL CHILD URINATING COULD WELL BE MY OWN WIFE AND SON , AND SHE HAS DONE IT DOZENS OF TIMES.

ARE WE SOME RICH WESTERN COUNTRY WHO HAVE BECOME RICH BY STEALING FROM INDIA .

WHERE IS THE SMALL BOY SUPPOSED TO PEE ?  

IN WHOSE POCKET ?  

WHERE ARE THE CLEAN TOILETS EVERY 300 METRES  LIKE IN WESTERN COUNTRIES ?

THE WAITRESS GAVE 10 BILLION EUROS AS CHARITY TO ITALY - NAY - EURO ZONE SO THAT THE WHITE MAN CAN DRINK BETTER WINE .

IN INDIA 67 YEARS AFTER INDEPENDENCE OUR WOMEN STILL DEFECATE IN THE FIELDS .






Modi saab we Indians do NOT appreciate when Bharatmata is insulted --  tell your I & B minister Arun jaitley to punish people who do so on TV.   


Wanna know how R controlled UNICEF insults Bharatmata ? 



UNICEF, is doing propaganda that India has the highest number of people in the world - an estimated 620 million - who defecate in public.

Modi Saab does this VILE campaign of India being full of SHIT —  have your permission ?


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/news/Aamir-Khan-made-Unicef-ambassador-for-South-Asia/articleshow/44754853.cms



Modi Saab , can we have railway coach toilets where feces do NOT fall on the track , especially in the station ?



Enough of shit and pee -

People are drawn to Leaders with SPIRIT by their strength, courage,  competence and  honour .  His team loves him for they get the chance to do work by working smarter and NOT harder.  

He had the inherent ability to separate chaff from the grain within a dead line. It involves constant choosing between what is less important and what is more important- in a dynamic manner . 

Inadequate planning and preparation gives the illusion of too little time.

Lack of communication is like cutting off blood supply to an organ—it can cause gangrene. Your team is like part of your own body. Good upward and down ward communication is a must like the arteries and veins.

A good leader does NOT spin his wheels to burn FALTHU rubber.



A leader show joy when the team succeeds.   He allows them time off for victory laps.   

He will identify leaders in his team and delegate authority to them  .  A team is a reflection of its leadership .  He does NOT seek consensus for he hold the magic wand to mould it out of thin air. 

A leader with SPIRIT makes meetings count.   A meeting cannot be a ceremony where people give each other what they want , politically lying to each other and getting zilch done.

He delegates  skilled tasks to the right people.   He knows who the masons are and who the architects are in his team.


He meets visitors outside his office, so that he can end it on his time table .   He has the  ability to recover from interruptions 

He has the wisdom when to avoid perfectionism.  More often than not perfectionism is nothing but an FALTHU ego trip.









Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 15, 2014 at 5:17 PM
SUBJECT : Let's use first names, Australian PM Tony Abbott tells G20 leaders .
############

NARENDRA MODI MUST NOT ALLOW AUSSIE PM ABBOTT TO DRIVE A WEDGE BETWEEN HIM AND PUTIN .

ABBOTT HAS NO GRACE OR STATEMANSHIP .

he had warned putin that he would SHIRT FRONT him when they meet at G20 at braisbane .

SHIRT FRONT T shirts with putins face on the front , are being sold by millions in these english speaking white skinned countries .

SHIRT FRONT is a term used in rough aussie rugby where you shoulder an opponents chest and cause the STERNUM TO CRACK - after which the man can never play rugby in his life due to psychological wound .

it is response to this PHYSICAL THREAT that putin moved four naval war ships off brisbane -

only one of them is required to destroy the whole of australia . .

there are russian nuclear submarines lurking around australia .

PUTIN MODI COMBINE MUST RULE THIS PLANET -

THEY ARE THE ONLY HOPE FOR THE OPPRESSED ( BY ROTHSCHILD ) FREE WORLD .
punch into Google search -

. THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB VADAKAYIL .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete

Replies


















Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 15, 2014 at 5:19 PM
ONE OF MY READERS MUST PUT ABOVE COMMENT IN MODIs , SWAMYs AND PARIKKARs WEBSITE .

WE NEED 18 NUCLEAR SUBMARINES , TO MAKE THE BULLY NATIONS RESPECT INDIA .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 




SIR ABBOT - YOU MUST BET YOUR  COTTON' PICKIN' nay WOOL SHEARIN' AUSSIE ASS ON THAT !






Above : UGLY Aussie Pm Sir Abbot -   how do you plan to shirt front SEVEN Russian warships and 2 nuclear submarines lurking off Brisbane ?









Below: Submarine killer lurking off Brisbane G20 



Supply tanker Boris Mutoma off Brisbane 




Below: Putin ready to take blows- Salvage tug Fortiv Krylov off Brisbane


Below:  The guided missile cruiser off Brisbane, the MIGHTY Varyag with enough fire power to destroy the whole of Australia in an hour.



Below: Admiral Penteley the MIGHTY destroyer and submarine killer off Brisbane 



Below: Russian missile frigate Yaroslav Mudry off Brisbane ( TOTAL SEVEN WARSHIPS ) - Australia can be made into a gaping hole within an hour  





SHIRT FRONT KARKE DEKH , TUMHARA AUSSIE  GAAND MEIN TATTI HAI TOH !





I WANT MY READERS TO FLOOD THE INTERNET ,  TAKE AUSSIE DON ABBOTT TO THE CLEANERS  --  THE UGLY AUSSIE CRICKET TEAM HAD ONCE URINATED STANDING IN A LINE,  INTO A 5 STAR INDIAN HOTEL SWIMMING POOL WITH INDIAN WOMEN GUESTS WATCHING .



ALL OUR BENAMI INDIAN FRONT TV ARE SHOWING STREET INTERVIEWS WHERE INDIANS SWEAR THERE IS NO RACISM IN AUSTRALIA  .   

I HAVE SEEN EVERY BACK YARD OF AUSTRALIA OVER 40 YEARS -  

HAD AUSSIE GIRL FRIENDS IN EVERY CITY AS A BACHELOR  - 

THESE CRAZY GIRLS USED TO FOLLOW THE SHIP BY CAR FROM BRISBANE / SYDNEY/ MELBOURNE/ ADELAIDE --   FINALLY AT FREEMANTLE THESE GIRLS WOULD GO BACK AFTER 6 WEEKS OF JOB LEAVE . 



ABOVE:  CURRY BASHING !   AUSTRALIA WAS A PENAL COLONY FOR HARD CORE CRIMINALS AND RAPISTS !!.







Below: The LYING and UGLY Aussie nurse who screwed Dr Jayant Patel- anybody wants a date with her?   This EVIL racist woman was awarded the "Order of Australia " award.   But she cant go to heaven as she cant squeeze past the pearly gates.  Order of Australia confer the highest recognition for outstanding achievement and service- shows what this nation of criminals ( who exterminated the original aborgines ) is worth !.




SHAGGY WANTS TO SING FOR THE SEXY BABE ABOVE - 
WHO AM I TO STOP SHAGGY ?



Lyrics:
(Intro: Shaggy)
Sexy, hot!
I love your style girl,
put it on me
Brian and Tony Gold let the ladies know,
they got it goin on
Uh! Shaggy!

(Chorus: Brian And Tony Gold (Shaggy))
Hey sexy lady, I like your flow
Your body's bangin', out of control! (Uh!)
You put it on me (That's right) ceiling to floor
Only you can make me scream and beg for more!

(Verse 1: Shaggy)
Her body's callin, bawlin'
got me crawlin' up the wall and
My size ain't small, it's tall
and catch a glimpse her clothes be fallin

Her neighbor's callin, bawlin
all this noise is so appallin'
They must believe we're brawlin'
headboards bang till early mornin'

(Chorus: Brian And Tony Gold (Shaggy))
Hey sexy lady (Uh!) I like your flow
Your body's bangin' (Yo) out of control! Yo! (A
big tune)
You put it on me (Uh!)) ceiling to floor (Ceiling
to floor girl)
Only you can make me (Uh) scream and beg for more!

(Verse 2: Shaggy)
I was her father's choosin',
performance left her snoozin'
Rug burns her knees we're bruised and,
she's hooked ain't no refusin'

(Brian And Tony Gold:)
I knew it all along (Uh!)
she was the perfect one (What!)
She really put it on (On me)
I had to write a song

(Chorus: Brian And Tony Gold (Shaggy))
Hey sexy lady (She's drivin me nuts)
I like your flow (Uh! Uh!)
Your body's bangin' (Sexy Lady) out of control!
(Sweet and nice)
You put it on me (You know you got that figure)
ceiling to floor
Only you can make me (Wow)
scream and beg for more!

(Verse 3: Brian And Tony Gold)
Hey sexy lady you be fine, drive me crazy
movin' on, and on, and on
Hey sexy lady you be fine, drive me crazy
movin' on, and on, and on

(Shaggy (Brian And Tony Gold))
Gal you're extra sexy like (Whoa)
and you make me wanna say (Hi)
When you shake, you shake it down (Low)
Gal you wicked to rahtid nah (Lie)
Gal I like the way how you (Flow)
everytime you passin' me (By)
Gal you wiggly jiggly and (Oh)
and you wicked to rahtid nah (Lie)

(Chorus: Brian And Tony Gold (Shaggy))
Hey sexy lady (Uh!) I like your flow (Whaddat)
Your body's bangin', out of control!
You put it on me (Put it on me baby) ceiling to
floor (Uh!)
Only you can make me (Only you) scream and beg for
more!

(Outro: Shaggy)

Uh, moist, ha ha ha ha ha ha...

Below: Modi hugging Abbott- Modi saab please come to speed with world history and intrigue.



I do NOT like to sit in a Quantas plane with so many Aussies sitting around me FARTING as if there is NO tomorrow.

( CHECK OUT WHO IS FARTING IN THE LINK BELOW -- AND WHY HER BRAIN IS ALWAYS FOGGY )

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IueqY42A9Wk


Now listen up --

If you understand what I say below, it will add 10 years to your life and that too healthy life with clear brain. 

People who get the answers last in any office meeting or are the the bottom of the cerebral barrel, listen up- and listen up good !




To understand how strength of acid is measured –

Punch into Google search-
pH , CHEMICAL TANKERS  VADAKAYIL

Only chemical tankers I had my own pH value measurement paper like how you carry a tooth brush.





BEING A LIBRAN I MUST NOW COUNTER AUSSIE NEGATIVITY BY USING SOME AUSSIE BEEF STEAK / BEER POSITIVITY




Do NOT drink water during meals –unless you choke.

Modern doctors never tell you this, but 6000 year old Ayurveda is very clear on this subject.

If you had too much COLD beer before a meal , wait for 40 minutes before eating especially if had too much RED meat.



Avoid drinking COLD water for atleast 90 minutes after meals.  

The whole thing is about stomach acid strength.

Ayurveda says that you must must drink lot of water throughout the day, but STRICTLY avoid drinking water during meals.  

The stomach must not be heavily loaded.  Half of the stomach should be filled with solid food,  one fourth with watery portion and leave one fourth empty. Be aware that food you consume itself contain large amount of water.

Parietal cells in the stomach secrete roughly two liters of acid a day in the form of hydrochloric acid. Acid in the stomach functions to kill bacteria, and to aid digestion by solubilizing food. The acid is also important to establish the optimal pH ( between 1.8 - 3.5 ) for the function of the digestive enzyme pepsin.



Gastric acid is produced by cells lining the stomach, which are coupled in feedback systems to increase acid production when needed. Other cells in the stomach produce bicarbonate, a base, to buffer the fluid, ensuring that it does not become too acidic. These cells also produce mucus, which forms a viscous physical barrier to prevent gastric acid from damaging the stomach. 

Cells in the beginning of the small intestine, or duodenum, further produce large amounts of bicarbonate to completely neutralize any gastric acid that passes further down into the digestive tract to prevent good bacteria deaths.

Gastric acid production is regulated by both the autonomic nervous system and several hormones. The parasympathetic nervous system, via the vagus nerve, and the hormone gastrin stimulate the parietal cell to produce gastric acid, In the duodenum, gastric acid is neutralized by sodium bicarbonate.  HCl + NaHCO3 → NaCl + H2CO3




Below: If you listen to the bullsh#t advise by modern doctors you will help them to mint money . 

6000 year Ayurveda was penned by seers who had NO selfishness or ulterior agenda.



Ayurveda does NOT allow you to wash down the food while eating. Food is tasty and spicy so that your generate enough saliva. Excess water in stomach diluted the acids.  You must keep a diary when you get acid reflux.    

Drinking water with meals can also cause an increase in  insulin levels, almost like the way high glycemic index food would affect you.  This makes you a FAT AS$HOLE !

See UGLY Aussie negativity gave you the MOST IMPORTANT TIP of your life. 




WHAAAA ?  
Shaggy wants to sing again ?




FINALLY-

MODI SAAB SEC 66A OF IT ACT PUSHED IN BY KAPIL SIBAL TRAMPLES ON OUR FREE SPEECH RIGHTS ENSHRINED IN OUR CONSTITUTION.  



A HUGE DESH BHAKT LEADER LIKE YOURSELF , WAS CALLED A BLOOD DRENCHED MASS MURDEREER AND SEX STALKER ON TV –   YET YOU KEPT YOUR MATURE COOL  .

 BUT HEY  -   

A TUFT BOLLYWOOD  ACTOR AAMIR KHAN WANTS EGO MASSAGE WITH SEC 66A.



CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WAS ARRESTED FOR SAYING THE TRUTH THAT HUMANITY TRUST MAKES MADRASSAS .   

THE SECOND PERSON TARGETED FOR SAME REASON,  SOLD HIS HOUSE AND RAN AWAY  HIDING IN HIS OWN COUNTRY FOR TELLING THE TRUTH .  

TELLING THE TRUTH TO SAVE BHARATMATAs  IS DEFAMATION AND HATE SPEECH ?

MODI SAAB,  KICK CYBER DEFAMATION LAW OF IT ACT 66A INTO THE DUST BIN OF HISTORY .

ENSURE THAT NO HIGH AND MIGHTY CAN EVER RING UP THEIR FAVOURITE HIGH RANKING POLICE OFFICERS ,  TO SCREW DESH BHAKTS. 

PLEASE INSTRUCT ALL STATE HOME MINISTERS , THE GROUND RULES OF POLICE OFFICER PROMOTIONS .




ABOVE:  SOCIAL MEDIA HAS A HUGE RESPONSIBILTY WHEN THE MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS BENAMI INDIAN FRONT, AND JOURNALISTS ARE FOREIGN SUPARI  FED PRESSITITUTES 


Below:  MANI SHANGARAN AIYERAN ON SEEING MODI BEING TREATED AS A ROCK STAR POLITICIAN IN AUSTRALIA






MODI SAAB --   WHY ARE OUR JAWANS BEING TOLD TO FIGHT WITH ONE HAND TIED ?  

5 BRAVE JAWANS HAVE GOT LIFE IMPRISONMENT FOR MAKING A MISTAKE IN KASHMIR .

KYA HO RAHA HAI ?




Above: Modi saab,  I want you to listen to the song sung by Lata Mangeshkar , above.

Do you know how difficult it is a for a Jawan to deal with Islamic terrorists who have better weapons than them? 





Why have you put 5 Indian jawans in jail for LIFE ? 




Modi Saab-   Is everything a TRUTH FINDING EXERCISE ?. 





DONT YOU REMEMBER HOW TEESTA SETALVAD AND RB SREEKUMAR , WITH JUDICIARY IN CONNIVANCE , FIXED YOU AND AMIT SHAH ? 





DONT YOU REMEMBER JUSTICE BANNERJEE TELLING THAT THE GODRA RAILWAY COMPARTMENT WAS SET ON FIRE BY HINDU WOMEN ? DESPITE 4000 WITNESSES WHO SAW WHAT HAPPENED ?





STOP PRESS:

MODI MUST ASSUME MORAL LEADERSHIP OF THIS PLANET   .

HE MUST EXPRESS HIS SUPPORT TO THE OPPRESSED PEOPLE LIKE AUSSIE ABORGINES,  RED INDIANS, YAZIDIS , HINDUS  IN  ISLAMIC  LANDS  etc 

Narendra Modi must HIGHLIGHT the injustice done to Australian aborigines before he leaves Australia and express India’s support   .

Aborgines were exterminated by the white invader starving them to death    .  Their fresh water sources were poisoned    ..    

The fishing grounds were destroyed by the white man dragging fishing nets through the water, seriously depleting Aboriginal fish sources     .

The white Christian evangelists distributing them FREE SMALL POX GERMS INFESTED BLANKETS    . The evangelists already had small pox and were IMMUNE   .

The blanket distribution started in April 1789, at Port Jackson where Aboriginal tribes actively resisted settlers from the First Fleet   .    

The journal of marine captain Watkin Tench indicates that the First Fleet carried bottles of smallpox    .

The Initial white criminal penal settlers were all immune to small pox   .

Punch into Google search  -

.     FRANCISCO PIZARRO , HERNAN CORTES, GENOCIDE BY SMALL POX BIOLOGICAL WARFARE  VADAKAYIL    .

Capt ajit vadakayil

..










WE INDIANS ARE PROUD OF RK GUPTA   .    LET US SEE WHO CAN PUNISH HIM    . SUBJECT : Chhattisgarhs KILLER doctor held, was awarded for record 50,000 surgeries . ##########################

ALL INDIAN DOCTORS AND SURGEONS BE WARNED -  ONE DAY YOU WILL BE HUNG FOR MANSLAUGHTER AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE RUINED    .  

Despite a SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES , this evil continues . .

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one,  and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab rats , and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE   ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a SPEED KILLER   . 

Exactly like how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled - for being responsible for all betting corruption evils in BCCI/ IPL  . 

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons eagerness to set record,  incompetence ,  RUSTY surgical instruments,  dirty clinic - every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES   .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 1400 RUPEES  ? 

the answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain as they live in the lap of nature eating organic food   .  

VICTIMS CLEARLY DISPLAYED TOXIC SHOCK INFLICTED BY UNTESTED TOXIC MEDICINES .   

-even men in that area have collapsed taking the same medicines  .  

Women cant die so fast in case there is infection  . .  and MEN got infected with what - PRAY?    

Punch into Google search - .    

GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL    .   

We Indians will NOT allow sunset to be converted to sunrise by BRIBED by EVIL PHARMA Indian JUDAS surgeons -- telling lies about RUSTY surgical knives and EXPRESS surgeries ( which he has done one hundred thousand times before ) .. 

try counting till one lakh   .   

Capt ajit vadakayil ..



###################################
FEMALE INFANTICIDE IN INDIA , AIRED ON SMJ -- HAVE YOU SEEN IT ?

DOT COM DOES NOT BELONG TO AAMIR KHAN / SMJ ( MADRASSA BUILDERS ) 

DOT ORG ALSO SAYS THEY DO NOT BELONG TO AAMIR KHAN / SMJ

Below: DOT ORG 





Below:  Humanity Hospital Trust DOT ORG




Below: DOT COM






Me, Me onlyNovember 4, 2014 at 10:33 AM
humanitytrust.com domain is registered in 2009

humanitytrust.org domain is registered in June 2012 and expired in June 2013. Was that domain registered for some specific purpose?

Humanityhospital.org domain is registered in Jan 2011
ReplyDelete



The table below is from the link below  :
http://www.moneylife.in/article/the-truth-about-satyamev-jayates-donations/26553.html













dodoNovember 16, 2014 at 3:25 PM
hello captain ;
these is whois analysis of
humanitytrust.com
https://www.dropbox.com/sh/ekjvyjxtg41mtyp/AACYVIqfcK6omBt3UQ6nFiyla?dl=0
these can help yu

Below: ANSHAN KARNA MAANGTHA HAI  NA?






EGO POWERED DEFAMATION CASES ( CYBER IT SECTION 66 ) must have SEVERE reverse punishment for wasting the time of the judiciary . 

Defamation cases must NOT be allowed to be slapped on desh bhakts trying to protect and save the honour of bharatmata . 
*********************************************************************
ABOLISH INCOME TAX IN INDIA , HAVE BANKING TRANSACTION TAX ALONE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AUTOMATED PAYMENT TRANSACTION TAX  ,   PAYING TAX WITHOUT TEARS,   COLLECTING TAX AT SOURCE,   NIPPING TAX EVASION AND HENCE BLACK MONEY IN THE BUD,     RELIEF FROM HEAVY TAXES ,    FORCING 97% MORE TAX CONTRIBUTORS VIDE 2 % BTT ,    TRANSPARENCY ,    NIPPING  TERRORIST FUNDS ,   NO OF FILING TAX RETURNS , ABOLISHING CURRENCY NOTES GREATER THAN Rs 50 DENOMINATION ,    RENDERING HIGH VALUE CASH TRANSACTION IMPOSSIBLE,     RENDERING FAKE CURRENCY IMPOTENT,     RELIEF FOR MIDDLE CLASS SALARIED WORKERS ,     EASIER TO CUT SUBSIDIES ,    ROOTING OUT MEANINGLESS ACTIVITY TRAPS  ,    TAX QUAGMIRE FOR FOSTERING EMPLOYMENT OF CHARTERED ACCOUNTANTS  WHO EAT A BIG CHUNK OF ALL THE TAX COLLECTED ,    NO TAX RAIDS AND HARASSMENT FOR BRIBES ,    NO FORCING HONEST DESH BHAKTS TO LIE,     CUTTING THE STRENGTH FROM UNDER THE FEET OF ROTHSCHILD ECONOMISTS,    WIDENED TAX BASE WITH AUTO COLLECTION AS 97% INDIANS DO NOT PAY INCOME TAX ,     UNEMPLOYED TAX OFFICIALS TO BE ABSORBED INTO BANKING ,    KILLING SHYLOCK PRIVATE LENDING BLADE AGENCIES ,   CREATING BANK ACCOUNTS FOR POOR  TO BYPASS MIDDLEMEN ,     CASH FLOW VIA BANKS REDUCE LOAN INTEREST RATES ,     HIGHER DEPOSIT INTEREST RATES FOR POOR SENIOR CITIZENS,   THE ONLY HOPE OF A POOR INDIAN TO OWN A HOME ,  GETTING SOCIAL SECURITY IN RETURN FOR BTT  ,    KILLING FAKE CURRENCY ,   SETTING LIMIT FOR CASH TRANSACTIONS IN GOLD PURCHASE  , SUSTAINING OUR CONSTITUTION REQUIREMENT THAT ALL CHILDREN OF BHARAT MATA BE TREATED THE SAME  ,  OPENING MORE INDIAN RURAL BANKS AND GENERATING LOCAL EMPLOYMENT ,  NO TAX EVASION MEANS NO CAPITAL FLIGHT OVERSEAS  ,  HASSLE AND EXPENSE OF FILING FOR INCOME TAX RETURNS AFTER COMPANY DEDUCTED EXCESS INCOME TAX ELIMINATED  ,   MICRO ECONOMY BARTERING  YOU PAINT MY HOUSE AND I GIVE MATH TUITION TO YOUR CHILD  , CASH TRANSACTION LIMIT 3000 RUPEES  IN 50 RUPEE DENOMINATIONS  ,


Below: The game changer ?  -nay- the SILVER BULLET !







Let nobody take FALTHU credit.    




Abolition of Income tax was FIRST suggested by Dr. Subramanian Swamy way back in 1977-78 during the Janata Party regime  - so Baba Ramdev who was in junior school - and others ,  take it easy .


Like wise Capt Ajit Vadakayil was the first on this planet to point out the Hindus roots of the Yazidis at Stonehenge at Gobekli Tepe Turkey,  now all are claiming credit and TRIPLE SRI is running there ..
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/the-yazidis-of-iraq-ethnic-cleansing-by.html


The Tax department,   tax advisers,  Income tax lawyers,  Chartered accountants –  number in lakhs minting money by meaningless activity traps .

What is an ACTIVITY TRAP?   

This is NOT real work .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2009/07/real-work-and-activity-traps-capt-ajit.html






I do hope the BRICS bank will take off , to break the spine of the R central banking system.
This world has been taken for a ride by BIG BROTHER -  we need to stand and fight !

Below: Pushing Walmart- with Lady Rothschild



Punch into Google search-

MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE VADAKAYIL



Above:  Uddhav Thackrey must develop political maturity , stop nagging like an old woman .

Modi must forgive and forget  .  Make it WIN-WIN .  

This is what desh-bhakt Hindus want - leaders represent people !  

Do NOT react to the endless rabble rousing of BENAMI JUDAS media ..


Presidents of the five countries ( BRICS ) met on the sidelines of the G-20 meeting.  Four of the five economies have been in a slowdown, with India being the rare exception.  This planet is now watching India .  

In 20 years India will be No 1 superpower on this planet .   

I had predicted this 4 decades ago and was subjected to ridicule – they all sniggered and nick named me MR INDIA , out of sarcasm.  



We lost 10 years under the waitress and the R poodle Manmohan Singh  .  



But we are still on course ! .



Below: No other country has dared to give FREE FOOD to physically and mentally healthy young people - just to grab votes  .



The leaders, Indian PM Narendra Modi,   Chinese President Xi Jinping, Russian President Vladimir Putin, South African President Jacob Zuma and Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff discussed ratifying the newly formed $100 billion BRICS Bank and the $100 billion Contingency Reserve Arrangement (CRA) by parliaments in the five countries.  

These five countries, representing 40 % of the world’s population and 27 per cent of its GDP , recorded growth rates 6 times greater than those of the US, Europe and Japan, and threatens to displace them as the world’s most important economic powers in another 15 years  .

Zionist bankers and Rothschild’s  stooge western leaders are trying to scuttle Putin,  and drive a wedge between India and China.   It is easy to make India and China fight as long as we do NOT etch our borders on rock in a WIN WIN manner.

Malaysian Flight MH17 over Ukraine was missiled out of the sky by Zionists Jew agents in Ukraine to apply sanctions on Putin,  and convert him to another Gaddafi .

Below: The real target was Narendra Modi plane whose plane flew over same path 45 min earlier. Modi was flying home, after the BRICS summit at Brazil , Fortaleza. on same corridor .   




MH-17 was shot down by a Ukranian fighter jet at Torez, near Shakhtersk, some 40 km from the Russia border in Ukraine after going off the radar at 1320 URC.   
.




Every Indian must know how Indian nuclear scientist Homi Bhabha’s  plane was missiled out of the sky over Alps.  




Nobody cared till my blog post went online .

Punch into Google search-

HOMI BHABHA IN AIR INDIA FLIGHT AI 101 CRASH  VADAKAYIL



Air India Flight 101 was a scheduled Air India passenger flight from Bombay to London that  flew into Mont Blanc in France on the morning of 24 January 1966.   At Flight Level 190, the experienced pilot was DELIBERATELY instructed to descend for Geneva International Airport after the aircraft had passed Mont Blanc.   

Below: Can we protect our PM Modi ?   Even the fuel in the plane must be tested !   An aviation turbine fuel expert must test the fuel if bunkered in foreign lands.  

Do we know how Putin is protected in hotels - snipers / food tasters / bug sweepers etc. When Putin stayed at Leela Palace in Bangalore, I know to what extremed they went - as I talked to the PR head. Entire hotel floors on top and bottom of Putin's room, were fully reserved .  

We allowed our PM Lal Bahadur Shastri to die , right ?





The day before he was murdered !





I have become a bit SENTI—so here is a BONUS post -

Punch into Google search-

THE DAY BEFORE YOU CAME  VADAKAYIL



The Air India flight comprising 106 passengers and the 11 crew members crashed near the summit of Mont Blanc in the Alps, leaving all 117 people dead. There were 46 Indian sailors on board .

Why do salaries keep going up?


Why does cost of petrol keep rising?

Punch into Google search -

THE MURKY TRUTHS OF INFLATION AND GLOBALISATION  VADAKAYIL


here we go-

Ever since we became independent foreign forces whom we kicked out in 1947 are involved in choosing almost all our Finance Ministers , Reserve bank governors and kingpins in the ministry . 

Some of them are in the salary roll of big brother . Probably one day I will dedicate a post to this .



It is time we forge the hinges of our destiny on our own terms.  This can be achieved only if people know what is happening.

India's salaried class single-handedly contributes to the country's income tax base.   They do it only because the tax is deducted at source  .  Then later they employ tax-consultants and claim back some of this . 

Only  2.8% of people of our population ( around 35.9 million people ) pay income tax.   The rest do NOT pay anything. The vulnerable Indian middle class are among the most taxed in the world.

A big chunk of these non-salaried rich people like doctors, lawyers , architects businessmen etc  own palatial homes, drive uber luxury cars, but they evade tax by bribing the right people .   The corrupt system feeds off this tilted playing field.

A lot of these rich NON-SALARIED people ( who do NOT pay income tax at source )  invest in gold which they hide inside their homes, bury in holes in the back yard –some even are confident enough to keep it  bank lockers.  They buy BENAMI land , houses and flats .

The Indian tax departments are HUGE .   The tax system is deliberately kept  complicated, even  contradictory , so that corrupt people can milk the system .   

These govt departments are inefficient  and incompetent . They give enormous heartache to desh bhakt Indians who try their best to be sincere  and honest citizens .

There are thousands of Chartered Income tax accountants who thrive on these deliberately kept complicated tax regulations.    They live in huge houses drive fancy cars .  

These people who engage in meaningless activity traps are NOT involved in nation building at all .  It is easy money for them, all for doing nothing . There is a saying pigs are useful only when dead .

If we can get rid of this huge tax ALBATROSS AROUND BHARATMATAs NECK , Indians will become prosperous.



Modi must send his sleuths to Mauritius .  More than 41per cent of FDI  in India comes through this tiny island in the Indian Ocean.  We do know who made this tax treaty loophole that legally eases the flow of investment funds into India.  

All are in connivance. Filthy rich Indians like corrupt ministers and businessmen who hardly pay any income tax launder black money by sending their illegal cash to Mauritius, then looping it back to India in the form of legal investments. Are we to say that our Finance ministers do NOT know this?


I ask Modi.   Estimate the tax collected by our Income tax dept in 2013 .  Then subtract the money requires in maintaining this humongous ACTIVITY TRAP system ( including their retirement funds ) after that how much money is balance ?   

Why are we pretending to sleep and expecting other to wake us up?  

Is there NO political will?   

Once the IT is abolished , where is the incentive to stash away black money.  Indians can proudly say I AM RICH ! 

Our rotten Income Tax system forces a desh bhakt Indian to lie .   You pay income tax in India, with nothing in return in the form of govt social security,  like in the west .   

Retired people feel the pinch due to inflation.   When the standard of living falls,  their own PMS laden wives nag them endlessly and even abuse them .

I have heard some IDIOTS saying and writing that you cant tax rich and poor people with the same rate of 2% banking transaction tax ( automated payment transaction tax ) .   

These pea brained MORONS are still being called EMINENT and CEREBRAL .  

Is it worth responding o these dim-wits nay- CHOOTS ?.

Previously only a small percentage  ( 2.8% ) of Indians paid tax.   Now all are being roped in.  

Rich people spend (  move ) more money in a year , poor people spend less.   This means rich people will pay more , right?

What is so difficult in understanding this simple truth?


Now let us use some PERCEPTION.

The best way to arrive at a person's spending power vis-a-vis his needs is to look at his day-to-day living expenses.     Income is an inferior measure of taxable capacity because it does not encompass spending power in other forms and takes no account of differences among individuals as to the need to save.

Kuch aaya samaj mein ?

Finance finance minister Chid mentioned in his  Budget speech that only about 42,800 people have declared taxable income of over Rs. 1 crore annually.

Then -
Who is driving all these fancy cars?
Who is owning all these fancy flats?
Who is owning all these fancy businesses ?
Who is dining and staying in all these fancy  7 star hotels? 


Modi must ban all  currency notes of denomination above Rs 50 .  A small percentage of our 1000 rupee and 500 rupee denominations are FAKE currency .   There will be no place in the house to keep so much of black money.  




Try filling up a suitcase with one crore worth of 50 rupee notes.


In the last four years, fake Indian currency notes worth more than  Rs 2,600 crore have been pumped into India by Pakistan's ISI to carry out Islamic terror activities.  Only Rs 455 crore has been seized. Of this, Rs 55 crore was  seized in foreign countries.   The fake currency, being made in Pakistan under the supervision of the ISI, and with the help of latest technology and world-class standards, including the paper, the ink and the watermark, looks so real that only an expert eye can detect it with the help of pink light.



Here is a piece of news which came today .

QUOTE : Fake currency with a total face value of Rs 12.85 crore was seized until September this year from countries such as Nepal, Bangladesh, Sri Lanka, Thailand and UAE, with Pakistanis acting as carriers in most cases. A significant part of these seizures were made from outbound flights from Gulf nations, after they landed in destinations like Dhaka or Colombo : While Pakistani carriers were involved in six of the 13 cases of FICN seizures from abroad between January and September this year, Bangladeshis and Nepalese nationals were involved in three cases each.  UNQUOTE

Fake currency notes increases inflation , due to more money getting circulated in the economy - an unauthorised artificial increase in money supply.  

This causes STRIKES for more wages , triggered by foreign funded TROJAN HORSE NGOs and national productivity loss .  

People are not able to save much at the end of the month . Fiscal deficit widens and govt has to prune social spending or spending spending on infrastructure or education or healthcare.   The Govt is forced to take loans for planned and nonplanned expenditure.   

Cost of borrowing  widens the fiscal deficit further.   To trim excess money in economy, the central bank has to hike up interest rates , and this makes loans become costly.  All this causes a negative cascade effect .  

Business houses halt their expansion plans.   They also pass on the extra borrowing cost to the consumers at the cost of the demand so purchasing slows down.  Foreign investors withdraw their  investments from the capital markets so foreign exchange reserves come down.  

As a result rupee would devalue further making the imports expensive. Economy starts slowing down and  enters the recession era and finally it is deflation. Our Govt has done very little to curb counterfeit currency menace . Lot of money is spent in intelligence efforts with very little success . 

These black money party will try to convert this money to gold but then , control all gold purchases . Any purchase over 3000 rupees must be paid via bank transaction.  Less than 3000 rupees purchases must be paid with cash of max 50 rupee currency denominations.

PM Narendra Modi is preaching about honesty and Desh Bhakti.  Well such a movement cannot take off as we are tied down.   Income tax also makes criminals out of many of us.    It forces both employers and employees to cheat.  

People do NOT want to pay income tax when the Govt offers NOTHING in return. At least the Govt employees get pension, medicare and gratuity .  

What about the private salaried employees ?   Even if they save something say 50 lakhs  in the bank what will be its value after 10 years –and he has another 30 years of uncertain in health life in him? 

Once Income tax is abolished the companies do NOT have to pay huge salaries to cover up for the Income tax deducted .  This means the work force wage sheet bottom line is brought down and more people can be employed .  

Take home salaries matter . The gross salary is just a mirage for ego massage . 

At sea as a ship captain my entire salary was take home.  It gave me immense  PLEAYYYYURE –oops , apologies to Manmohan Paaji -  pleasure to earn in dollars and spend in rupees.

Subsidies will be easier to cut if income tax is abolished altogether , such is the magic when you tax expenditure rather than the income tax .  

These concepts can bee gleaned only by lateral thinkers. 

I have written several times in my posts that I was a master of REACTION MANAGEMENT by domino / cascade effect. When I conducted interviews I judges the person NOT by his answers , but by his questions .

All this tax calculation and paper work done  by thousand of tax officials is just a waste of time- an unproductive activity trap SHEER POLICING .

If you wife keeps POLICING IN THE KITCHEN I am sure you dinner is gonna be all balls !

Lateral thinking recognises that the approach to a problem is never as important as its solution. It cares two hoots for logical thinking which is the way computer software programs work. 

A lateral thinker is never satisfied with the ADEQUATE beaten track. He does not drill his tunnel though logical steps to his goal—rather he will leap frog—opening new pathways. 

His last few steps is the one which will make his venture a success.  Like building a bridge like the Sydney bridge.  When the last part fits in at the centre—and voila , the bridge suddenly becomes self supporting and is ready to take on the traffic.

India is a country of savers, and not spendthrifts.  Our high potential economic model cannot be compared to the rest of this planet.  

We have more than 55000 tonnes of gold in private hands  .

If BTT has failed in outher countries , we will NOT derive lesson from it.  We hear pea –brained experts on these economics money channel talking the whole day about the stock market and the ratings given to India by Moody, S&P etc. 

Who cared for these ratings.   



Our economics is closely related to small cottage industries and family based skilled trade ( which Zionist agent RUGMARK( good weave )  Kailash fu#kin’ Satyarthi killed  ) 


Below:  FAKE BODY LANGUAGE !



Below: Narendra Modi saab -  by this hug you heart punched Bharatmata !  Please come up to speed with world intrigue .



Income tax was created by R as a state instrument for mass harassment of people who objected to LIES and excesses. In 18 countries in Europe if you say only 5 million Jews died they can put you in jail and 100% a IRS raid will follow which will screw you up for life .  

Even today people believe that-

AAA) Both world wars were fought for queen and country.  Sorry, they fought  for a German Jew who wanted to careve out the state of Israel.

BBB ) India was ruled by the Queen of England. Sorry, India was ruled by the owner of British East India Company , Rothschild who controlled the money supply of the planet.

How did R get so rich ?

he grabbed Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799 AD.  This Gold was stolen by Tipu Sultan from North Kerala temples - basically gold of Calicut king ( my hometown)..

Punch into Google search-

TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL


In the nineteenth century,  93% of the world's trade was carried by British ships controlled by R.  R maintained his own TOUGH mercenary Hessian army who were well paid and well armed  just in case the Queen or Parliament acted funny. .

According to the Finance Minister’s Budget proposals for 2013-14, Income Tax was  expected to be over Rs 2.5 lakh crore while Service Tax was estimated to be over 1.8 lakh crore.    A marginal 2% BTT translated to around Rs 16 lakh crore of annual revenue from current banking transactions.

Less taxation means more indigenous production and more utilization of local skills.   There will be a compression of costs in the economy , as indirect taxes, which are a major cost, will get eliminated.  

This would make Modi’s MADE IN INDIA maal give stiff competitive with China.

This will have a domino effect on services  and provide a major boost to exports, bridging the trade deficit , and in turn will strengthen the value of the Indian Rupee.

Skeptics keep saying that if BTT is introduced people will spend less.   Only dim-wits will talk this way . Less income tax means people will spend more to improve the quality of their lives.  We all have only one life.  

Even if people save for their old age and for their children whom they produced , what is wrong in that?  I am sure by now my readers would have realized that Capt Ajit Vadakayil is NOT a dim-wit.

Eliminating curreny denominations over 50 rupees will free up enforcement agencies .    Every rupee spent on policing adds to the GDP and gives it a INFLATED look.    Mayawati’s statues also added to GDP—this is how STUPID modern economics is.

We will deal a death-blow to the black-money hoarders who do it in 1000 rupee notes .   It economically unviable to print and benefit from fake currencies if the value of the note is just fifty rupees .  

Magnetic imprint must be given to all NEW 50 rupee notes too so that they can be detected by X-rays .
Abolishing income tax would seriously worry these LEECHES called tax advisor Chartered accountants who do UNPRODUCTIVE work  .  


These sad people who stand to lose their jobs because their  milch income tax cow has jumped off the deep end,  can be accommodated in the banking sector which is bound to explode .



Everytime there is a tax litigation there are vultures feeding off it .  NOT a single one of these contribute to the nation’s productivity.    Existing investments in other tax systems like GST (both in terms of time and infrastructure) will become redundant.

USE THE GENERATED MONEY TO CREATE HOUSING FOR THE POOR ,   THE COSTS ARE SO HIGH THAT A MIDDLE CLASS MAN CANNOT DREAM OF OWNING A FLAT  .


"We will have to go back to Vedic days if we abolish income, sales and excise tax,"  Yashwant Sinha a former Finance Minister cried.   HULLLOOOOO ?


Taxes like as excise, service, sales, octroi, and VAT are routinely evaded  in connivance with corrupt Govt agencies. The multiple taxation regime is more money consuming than  the collections it yields, deliberately kept  ambiguous and  complex in its applicability and exceptions .  

Wide areas of official discretion has been introduced to milk the system.  All this is very difficult to administer honestly no matter how well-intentioned and desh-bhakt the top people may be.

Income tax payers number only 35 million souls,  even after 67 years since Independence, out of a current population of at least 1300 million!   Whom shall we congratulate ?

Bank transactions presently account for less than 19 % of the total—conversely 81% of all business transactions are conducted in cash of 500/  1000 rupee note denominations . When land or homes are sold, a small percentage is given by cheque and the rest is given in a suitcase .

For me abolishing income tax is all about freeing the common man from heartache.  



The present taxation system is a burden on common man.   It leads to CORRUPT and HIGH HANDED bureaucratic control- with so much leeway is left to HUMAN DISCRETION .
Automated Payment Transaction Tax (APT Tax) is another name for Banking Transaction Tax ( BTT ) .  Let it replace the existent system of personal and corporate income, sales, excise, capital gains, import and export duties, gift and estate taxes .

BTT allows easier integration of businesses across the planet due to globalization and the technological advancement , with the outreach that banking sector today has. No spending will escape the eye of the Govt.  This makes terror and subversion easier to control .

Certain critical  items like acids, explosives , whole sale generic drugs , abortions , accident repairs to cars etc must be paid entirely by BTT as a mandatory rule.. 

Main sources of revenue on introduction of BTT will accrue from the millions of security exchanges that take place.  There is fear mongering by vested interests that it will reduce the number of transactions within the stock market.

This is bullsh#t .

The tax is so small that it will be inundated by the fluctuations in price that typically occur during the trading process.  

The boons of the BTT system translates to attracting foreign investment which will lead to a strong rupee.  With lower taxes, people will save more, which will help the healthy banking sector to lend more at affordable rates.

Senior citizens and retired people who prefer fixed and secured incomes must be PROTECTED will sufficient bank interest rates.


Some dim-wits may wonder , what if I did small transactions daily only in cash less than the set higher ceiling of 3000 rupees. . Such hoarded cash will lose value due to externalities. 

Also, who wants  to evade a tax and forgo bank interest if the bank interest rate is DELIBERATELY kept a  certain high level till the whole process is streamlined.? .  




The best part is that there is NO change required with the current level of technology- collection of the tax can start immediately with some minor changes in the computer software of banks.  

The collected tax can be tracked daily and there would be no need for complicated tax returns, thick books of tax compliance rules,  huge multi layered tax bureaucracy , complex processes for tax compliance that intimidate tax payers .  

It is 100% sure that much more tax could be collected considering the HUGE tax administrative costs would be eliminated.   Common people have this PHOBIA with complex tax compliance rules and procedures . 

This is what happens when you money is channeled into something , which your mind is loath to even listen to leave alone understand .   BTT will make the same people breath free.


The people who run down BTT are the rich people who pay NIL income tax by subverting the system and bribing left right and centre.  All salaried call will be winners.   

Losers will be financial institutions and those engaged in high volume of transaction of financial assets- stocks, shares with deep pockets ( who dine in 7 star restaurants ) and those properties that are currently not taxed or minimally taxed.  

Naturally- the potential rich losers who have NOT given their share in running the nation are expected to cry wolf.



Watch out for multiple endorsement of cheques to reduce bank transaction and avoid paying BTT. This r can be stemmed by treating each endorsement as a transaction for tax purposes.

Transparency in the economy fosters good governance . We can expect good  growth in Industry, Agriculture and Service sectors.

The moment the home loan rates reduce the young generation will be happy. Why should only the super rich live well?  A slimy breed who has been sucking blood off people will now have to find other jobs-  yes the super rich tax lawyers.  

They better understand this well. The thumb rule is when an oil well runs dry it must be capped.  

CHAL DHAKKAN LAGANA CHALOO KARO ABHI SE HI , ALL YE BOSE DKs !

How much bharatmata has been bled by tax evasion and flight of capital!

All gold jewellery shops must be equipped with ATM swipe kiosks.

.


Below: A tapeworm in your stomach feeds off you, it is a PARASITE--just like your income tax consultant  .



I guess even a retarded child knows that black money is generated and stashed abroad to avoid the Income Tax hassles in India.    People are mortally scared to say “ I AM RICH” . 

Are we free? 

The parasite Icome Tax Consultant charges you, depending on how rich you are.  Like the lawyer who looks at your shoes and watch before he says what his fees are  .









THE BANKING TRANSACTION TAX MUST BE HANDLED BY INDIAN BANKS ( NOT FOREIGN ) .

INDIRA GANDHI WAS ASSASSINATED ( BY THE INTERNATIONAL BANKSTERS ) BECAUSE SHE NATIONALISED  OUR BANKS - THE GULLIBLE SIKHS WERE JUST PAWNS .
*********************************************************************
STERILISATION DEATHS OF 13 TRIBAL WOMEN IN CHHATTISGARH INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I HAVE NOT COMPLETED MY PREVIOUS BLOG -  BUT THIS POST TAKES PREPONDERANCE  .





WHAT IS PERCEPTION?

I ASK NARENDRA MODI TO STOP THIS 85 LAKH DONATION PARTY DOCTOR AND NRI QUOTA DOCTORS WHO SUBVERT THE MERIT SYSTEM IN MEDICINE AND SURGERY    .

THE EVIL PHARMA TRIED TO PUT THE STERILIZATION DEATHS ON THE SURGEON RK GUPTA WHO HAS DONE MORE THAN ONE LAKH SUCH SURGERIES AT SAME TIME INTERVAL  OF ABOUT  4.5 MINUTES  .

They would have fried this good surgeon if I had NOT warned IMA .



Then they tried all excuses using the BENAMI media to blame everything from unhygienic clinic, to rusty knife , to same knife used for all 84 women without cleaning  —that did NOT stick as MEN who consumed the same medicine collapsed.

Then they jumped to RAT POISON ( Zinc Phosphide ) which is BULLSHIT. -- so that the truth of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC DRUGS CAN BE BURIED .

WHY DID NOT THE MEN DIE ?

See Generic drugs can be pure-  but combinations have to be TESTED .

It’s possible that the drugs were pure, they were just given in a combination that is lethal to some people with certain genetic predispositions.   

Metabolism of drugs depend on personal methylenetetrahydrofolate reductase ( MTHFR )  mutations, and other genetic factors.

All the women who died were given three drugs, diazepam (a benzodiazepine), ciprofloxacin (a fluoroquinolone) and ibuprofen (a NSAID).

These drugs should NEVER be given together because of the effects they have on the GABA-A receptors in the brain.

The UNFORTUNATE Indian women were given this combination of drugs in exactly the order required to have tragic consequences.

The diazepam was given to them during the surgery, to sedate them.

As they came off of the diazepam, their GABA-A receptors likely became improperly stimulated.
Withdrawal from benzodiazepines leaves the brain in a state of GABA-underactivity, resulting in hyperexcitability of the nervous system.

While their brains were in this vulnerable state, they were given ciprofloxacin, a fluoroquinolone, and ibuprofen, a NSAID. 

Fluoroquinolones inhibit benzodiazepine receptor binding  and fluoroquinolone toxicity resembles protracted benzodiazepine withdrawal in many of its symptoms -depression, anxiety, psychosis, paranoia, severe insomnia, paraesthesia, tinnitus, hypersensitivity to light and sound, tremors and seizures. 

When ibuprofen, a NSAID, is added to the mix, it makes the fluoroquinolones even more toxic. 
The presence of an NSAID or NSAID metabolite can significantly augment this effect (of fluoroquinolones) and result in an even greater inhibition of GABA-A receptor activity.
Drugs short-circuit the brain, and the brain controls everything.

NARENDRA MODI MUST ENSURE ONLY DOCTOR WITH MERIT JOIN INDIAN HOSPITALS –  NOT 85 LAKH DONATION PARTY --  

--AND CHRISTIAN  HOSPITAL SPONSORED STUDENTS WHO HAVE CONVERTED FROM HINDUISM TO CHRISTIANITY TO JOIN A PRIVATE MEDICAL COLLEGE .

On 18 July 2013, i.e. the day of his retirement, a bench headed by Justice Altamas Kabir has quashed National Eligibility cum Entrance Test ( NEET ) for Medical College entrance, for admission to MBBS, BDS and post-graduate courses in medical and dental colleges.



In an exclusive interview to CNN-IBN, he denied any leak of the National Eligibilty cum Entrance Test judgment.
  
He moans “I'm being targeted may be because I'm no longer having control.  I'm certainly being targeted by certain sections ( read that as Hindus )

Below:  Ex-CJI, green tinted Atlamas Kabir  -- the Modi and Samy hater-- to head SNOOPGATE and establish Modi as a SEXUAL PERVERT PSYCHOPATH !--  it did NOT work !



In an astonishing instance of transparency, the Prime Minister’s Office has confirmed having received a complaint against the former Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir, which it has forwarded it to the ministries of health and law for “appropriate action, if required.”. 

Advocate Prashant Bhushan alleged in an interview that the National Eligibility cum Entrance Test  -NEET- judgement was leaked from the chambers of ex-Chief Justice of India (CJI) Altamas Kabir to private medical colleges.  



Altamas Kabir that the NEET test had the effect of depriving the States, state-run universities and all medical colleges and institutions, including those enjoying the constitutional protection, of their right to admit students to MBBS, BDS and postgraduate courses as per their own procedures, beliefs and dispensations. 

So we Indians must continue going to doctors who got their MBBS by paying 85 lakh donation ( management quota is alleged to be easy if you convert to Christianity ) rather than merit.

The decision of SC to discontinue NEET left the students disappointed because the single window admission system of NEET offered transparency, exempted medical students from taking various entrance tests and exempted them from paying donation or capitation fees.

Getting back-

Because of both the effects of fluoroquinolones with NSAIDs on GABA-A receptors, and also because of poisonous metabolites formed when multiple carboxylic acid containing drugs are taken together (more information on both can be found HERE), they should NEVER be administered together. 

It is especially important that these dangerous drugs not be given to people who have recently been given a benzodiazepine.  Malfunctioning GABA receptors can damage, and shut down, many bodily systems.

Let me give some simple dangerous combinations . Many people in India have died because our doctors have NOT passed on MERIT — but due to MONEY POWER .

AAA) Opioids + Benzodiazepines + Carisoprodol
(painkillers + anti-anxiety meds + muscle relaxers)

BBB ) SSRIS + Opioids
(antidepressants + painkillers)

CCC )Opioids + Benzodiazepines
(painkillers + anti-anxiety meds)

DDD ) Statins + Fluconazole
(cholesterol-lowering drugs + antifungal medication)




Doctors in India deliberately make their handwriting on the prescription UNREADABLE as many times these medicines pushed on them by ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA are NOT tested –and Indians are used as guinea pigs.  

It is good that we now have PHARMACISTS –as these 85 LAKH donation party doctors vant even remember simple generic names –leave alone hundreds of new names .

More than 100000 ( one lakh ) patients die due to illegible doctors handwriting every year in India.

At least 20 lakh patients health is irreversibly damaged due to side effects of overdose or wrong medicines.

Why does not IMA take note of this shocking state of affairs ?

When more than 20000 pharmaceutical generic names and brands are available, why are the doctors so callous.

Have you ever seen a doctor looking into a pharmaceutical pill directory or almanac to check out the actual spelling of the tablets and injection, he prescribes. His ego prevents him from doing so. He wants his patient to think he knows all these thousands of pill  generic names.

IF ANY DOCTOR CLAIMS HE KNOWS ALL THE SPELLINGS OF OBSCURE DRUGS , HE CAN BE EASILY CHALLENGED.

None of these names are taught in Medical college as new names are churned out every day.
Most of the time , the drug store clerk will tell you that that particular brand is NOT available and he will give you a substitute. It is all about making sure drugs don't expire without getting consumed. All play this deadly game.

Some doctors will say that presciptions are made for the pharmacists eyes and hence the patient does NOT need to know.

BULLSHIT!

This is NOT what your IMA wants.

If your handwriting is so bad , the why don't you write in capital letters.

 OR IS IT BECAUSE , IF THE PATIENT DIES, DUE TO WRONG PRESCRIPTION, YOU CANNOT BE PINNED IN A COURT OF LAW?

The same doctors will have rock steady hands when making a surgical incision.

Why are doctors who are competent so keen that the patient should remain in the dark about the medicines he consumes?

Note: We are willing to excuse the hassled doctors who handle the OPD departments of accident cases, where a minute delay can cost a life. 

Or the poor guys who wrote their three hour exams , with dozens of sheets , in the same type of bad handwriting.

OR IS THIS ALL ABOUT BULLSHIT "MEDICAL MYSTIQUE"?

Sorry, ladies and gentlemen , there are too many doctors around -- for this type of mystique.
There have been several cases in Mumbai where the pharmacist has been taken to task in court for issuing wrong medicines. 

Can he make a mistake if the prescription is legible in capital letters.

The writing is on the wall- In some countries , even in some US states , the doctor is fined heavily for illegible prescriptions. 

ENOUGH IS ENOUGH.
  
A lot of these doctors with very bad handwritings subject their patients to unnecessary but EXPENSIVE diagnosis tests to wrangle a percentage commission or kickback.

Staff in such MRI/ CT scan type diagnostic centres report kickback of as much as 40% given to referring doctors  , even after which they make a good profit.
  

The Govt must open their own MRI / CT scan diagnostic centres and set a  cost limit how much can be charged in the private diagnostic centres. .. 

They blamed it on infection- but hey, infection cannot kill so fast.

ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA HAVE PUSHED THEIR OWN UNTESTED MEDICINES AND THEY PREFER TRIBAL WOMEN WHO EAT ORGANIC FOOD AND LIVE IN THE LAP OF NATURE.

WE WANT THE ROT TO BE EXPOSED !

Despite a  SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as  LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED  GENERIC MEDICINES ,  this evil continues   ..

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one, and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab  rats ,  and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE  ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media  are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a KILLER .

Exactly like how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled  - for being responsible for all betting corruption evils in BCCI/ IPL   .

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons competence, RUSTY surgical instruments, dirty clinic –every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES  .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 600 RUPEES   ( 10 USD ) ?  The answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain  .

Punch into Google search-

GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL  .
*********************************************************************
ALL ANIMAL SACRIFICES IN HINDU TEMPLES, STARTED BY THE WHITE INVADER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GADHIMAI ANIMAL SACRIFICE FESTIVAL NEPAL .

BEFORE THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA THERE WERE NO ANIMAL SACRIFICES  IN HINDU TEMPLES.



THE WHITE INVADER CREATED FAKE BACKDATED HINDU MUTTS AND FAKE SHANKARACHARYAS  -

--  TO MAKE THE HINDU SELF LOATHING,   TO DRIVE FISSURES INTO HINDUISM - FOR EASIER CONVERSIONS AND TO FOSTER DIVIDE AND RULE  . .

THE WHITE INVADER HAD A KINK-- LIKE A SERIAL KILLER HE LEFT A SIGNATURE  .

ALL HIS FAKE BACK DATED BHAKTI MOVEMENT CREATIONS , HE CALLED DASAS .

ALL HIS FAKE ANIMAL SACRIFICE FESTIVALS , HE CALLED JATARAS .

THAT IS HOW SMART THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER IS , LIKE THE QUINTESSENTIAL RAT HE HAD TO SHIT IN THE SAME PLACE , OUT OF PATHOLOGICAL COMPULSIONS  --   

HOW MUCH HE MUST HAVE CHUCKLED OVER HIS BRANDY AND CIGARS !


NOT ANY MORE !

CHECK OUT THE PICTURES BELOW - I ASK MY READERS -

IS THIS HINDUISM ?








































NARENDRA MODI CAME TO POWER BY PROMISING HINDUS DIGNITY AFTER 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY AND HUMILIATION .

IS MODI STAYING IN AN IVORY TOWER SO HIGH, THAT HE IS BLIND TO ALL THIS ?

ALL THAT MODI IS REQUIRED TO DO IS TO  COME ON TV AND DECLARE  " STOP THIS NONSENSE !"

THREE SIMPLE WORDS !

WE ASK - IS IT TOO MUCH FOR MODI ?




Want a few examples , how the immoral white invader made the Hindu self loathing ?

Today if you go to Indian literary fests you can hear BIG BROTHERs stooges running down Bharatmata and praising their white masters who pay them a monthly salary .

They will piss on Hindus idols and cry “ See Hindus idols are useless they cant hit back” . 

One such man developed kidney problems within a week.  The waitress had to make him VC of an university so that his dialysis bills come free.

Such people will never piss on the statue of a man on a cross or some holy books of single messiah religions .

Punch into Google search -

AGHORIS , THE CORPSE EATERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL  LIE  BY THE WHITE INVADER  VADAKAYIL

ASHWAMEDHA YAGAM , A BLOODLESS SACRIFICE  VADAKAYIL


KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL VADAKAYIL

KAMASUTRA  IMMORAL SEXUAL PERVERSION INJECTED  VADAKAYIL

 When you enter the Indian Parliament Building in New Delhi , you come face to face with a 7000 year old Sanskrit verse:

Ayam Nijah Paroveti Ganana Laghu Chetasaam
Udaara Charitaanaam tu Vasudhaiva Kutumbakam

“Small and narrow-minded people look at the reality in terms of ‘this is yours and this is mine’; for those of higher consciousness the whole world is a family”.

In India before the Muslim and Christian invaders came, almost the entire country was vegetarian, but for the people on the coastline who ate fish.

Today 42% of Indians are vegetarians-- the rest being Muslims , Christians, Sikhs etc.   This is a large number of people as India has 1200 million people.   This vegetarianism and Ahimsa ( non-violence ) is the reason why Hindu India never attacked any country in its history.

Vegetarian benefits?--
They are happier people
The live longer
They sleep better.
They have clearer conscience.
Lesser crime.
Their health while alive is better-- lesser diseases
They can think clearer (lesser toxins/ fibre in food )
They look better ( lesser obesity )
Lesser BO and MO
Women in menopause suffer less

Some ignoramuses say, they vegetarians are NOT as strong as the meat eaters-- OK--which one of you wants to fight with an elephant , and prove yourself?

Hinduism is a spiritual code based on dharma.

Dharma broadly means righteousness.  Hindusim has core values like integrity, ethics, compassion , fairness, transparency, respect , tolerance for culture, sense of responsibility, spirit of inclusion etc .

We temper all technical judgments by the need to support and maintain human values. Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma.  Dharma governed by human conscience is 'the path of righteousness', the way of 'correct', 'appropriate', 'decent', or 'proper' behaviour. 

Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life. Consumption of food, sleep, fear, and enjoyment of sex are common to man and animal.  But, 'Dharma' is a special attribute of the conscious man . Bereft of 'Dharma', man is equal to anima1.

Few Yamas and Niyamas  - Moral and Ethical Ideals of Hindus
 Ahimsã (non-injury)            Don't harm others by word, deed or thought.
 Mitãhãra      Refrain from overeating and consuming meat.
 Shaucha (purity)    Observe purity of the body, mind and intellect.
 Hrî (remorse)         Be modest and show remorse for misconduct.
 Santosha (contentment)    Don't be a slave to the senses. Seek joy and serenity in the Self.

When the white Christian man first stepped into India in 1498,  India was the world’s richest country.  

India held 40% of the world's GDP.  India and China together held 58% of the world's GDP in 1498.  These are conservative estimates by the white man himself , like how Alexander defeated Porus.

When the British finally left in 1947, India was converted to one of the poorest countries on the planet.

In such a short time they built roads, railway, harbors , airports and bridges to rob India blind. 

After that these immoral beggars dressed up as kings and had the temerity to ridicule us as beggars.

"Om sarve bhavantu sukhinah, sarve santu nirã-maya-ah;
sarve bhadrani pashyantu mã-kaschit dukha-bhak bhavet.
Om, shãntih, shãntih, shãntih."

"Oh Lord, may all [entire mankind] be happy; may all be healthy; may all experience prosperity; may none (in the world) suffer. May peace, peace, peace be unto us and all the beings of the world." Brihadãranyaka Upanishad 5000 BC

Referring to the above prayer, Arthur Schopenhauer says, "I know of no more beautiful prayer than that of the Hindus...'May all that have life be delivered from suffering!'

Manu wrote, "Non-violence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of dharma". Therefore dharmic laws govern not only the individual but all in society.

Manu further writes, "Nonviolence, truth, non-coveting, purity of body and mind, control of senses are the essence of Dharma".  Dharma thus is a code of conduct that is intended to secure both worldly joys and supreme happiness.

Manu calls upon man to use his conscience If man listens to his conscience he will not commit the sin.

Manusmriti says that ahimsa is the foremost among the dharmas that are common to all. It is included in the yoga of mind control. Ahimsa means much more than non-injury or nn-violence ; it implies not doing harm to others even by thought or word.

From ahimsa Hinduism imparted to the world the practice of vegetarianism: 

7000 year old Yajurveda dictates -"Do not injure the beings living on the earth, in the air and in the water."

Sanatana Dharma respects the planet along with its flora and fauna. It is the only religion which advocates vegetarianism.

Manu wrote that polluting the environment was a punishable offence. In Manu’s laws a person could be ex-communicated from society for mindless felling of tress or killing of animals, the way the English speaking white man shot the buffalo and exterminated the Indian American , or how the Australian Aborigine race was exterminated..

The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature and interrupting natural flow of energy. It is about peaceful co-existence and comfort. Vaastu is about  living  in harmony with nature ( includes flora and fauna ) ,  grateful for her natural bounties.

 It tells us not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. That human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness

Ahimsa, “non-injury” or the absence of the desire to harm, is regarded by Indian thinkers as one of the keystones of our ethics.  Jews who have been kicked on their heads all over the world, all over time,  have never been persecuted in India / Kerala over the millenniums. 

Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed, only because Hindus are tolerant . They absorbed the  inherent greed and clannishness of a quintessential Jew , without retaliation or retribution. While the rest of the world targeted the Jews throughout the ages.  If you read the Jewish Talmud, you will know why.

In Sanatana Dharma Rita is the principle of cosmic truth and order.

In the 7000 year old Rig Veda there is a remarkable insight on the notion of Rita, the inflexible law of universal order and harmony whereby all disorders and chaos is restored to equilibrium.

Rita is, in essence, the ordering principle of nature which gives to everything from the vast galaxies, down to the nucleus of an atom, their nature and course. A man who follows the ordinances of nature ( universal laws ) can be described as one who acts according to the "Dharma of Ṛita".

India is widely recognized at the last place on earth where spirituality still exists. Even the western thinkers agree that  a chapter which had a Western beginning will have to have an Indian ending if it is not to end in self-destruction of the human race.

At this supremely dangerous moment in human history the only way of salvation for the mankind is an Indian way – Arnold Toynbee

In times of confusion and crisis regarding what is right and what is wrong, one's own conscience is the sole guide.
  
"In times of doubt, O, son of Kunti [Arjuna], one must decide using one's own good sense”-  Bhagawat Gita

Patanjali Yoga sutra (1.33) -- Mind becomes purified by cultivating feelings of maitri ( friendliness, lovingness) which is a feeling towards others when others are happy,  Karuna ( compassion or mercy) feelings towards others when others are suffering,  mudita (gladness or good will) towards where there are good things happening and upeksha (indifference, neutrality or acceptance) where there is bad things are happening or bad behavior from other people.

Dharma fosters a climate of social and spiritual responsibility. Dharma is not a set of rules that restrict your way of life or cramp your style. Dharma puts things in their proper place, allows your perspective and creates and maintains balance. 

A Hindu considers life a divine pilgrimage from "unreal to real, darkness to light, and death to immortality."  Being on this road of pilgrimage, a Hindu has no intention to hurt anyone. He is thoroughly convinced that whatever he does in this life will come back to him in the next life.

Thus he must do good and be good now, as he will have to come back again and again in this world until all karma scores are settled. This is why a beggar with just a loin cloth as his property does NOT attack anybody on the streets , like in countries where Christianity rules.

In Muslim countries they are plain scared of losing their neck or limb.  It is NOT morality which deters them-- just raw fear of severe painful retribution.  This is like you wife makes bed tea for you , because she is afraid of getting slapped -- NOT out of love.
Let the sastras be your authority in deciding what you should do and what you should desist from doing. Having understood what is ordained by the Sastras, you should act accordingly. Bhagawat Gita 16-24

As per Christianity, every man is a sinner till he is saved by Jesus. Christian salvation is the so called solution to the problem of Eternal Damnation caused by Original Sin.

But that problem does not exist within the Hindu dharma traditions.  Why should you be saved when you have NOT been condemned in the first place. You have a clear conscience and you have NOT stitched up anybody.

Imagine someone asking you if you have been pardoned from your prison sentence, and you wonder what effin’ prison sentence.  You have no sin hooks on your body dragging you to eternal hell which has to be unhooked by the Lord (PBUH ).

Christianity's fundamental tenet is that that every human is born a sinner and remains so until he surrenders himself to Jesus Christ.

Hinduism is the religion of bliss. It considers the Right of Happiness to be the highest fundamental right of all humans. 

As an essential prerequisite for the Right to Happiness, the Rig Veda unequivocally declares that all human beings are equal.

The Vedas and Upanishads were the primordial source of Dharma, a compendious term for all Human Rights and Duties, the observance of which was regarded as essential for securing peace and happiness to individuals and society.

Christian priesthood claims superiority and entices the poor and vulnerable of other faiths to conversion with immoral sops.  This type of sops is what a pedophile uses on 4 year old girls—first give a lollipop to suck on, and then later something else.. 

It is NOT allowed to exploit human vulnerability as per Hindu dharma.

Dharma has attributes like  rationality, sense of duty, justice, peace, truthfulness, hospitality, kindness , respect, compassion, non-violence, rectitude, humanity, spirituality, fairness , patience, self restraint , tolerance, ethics, service to others, right to life , natural justice, virtue, morality, bonafide work and philanthropy.  Dharma thus truly symbolises universal values of humanism and forms the basis of global ethics.


Tadrisho ayam anuprashno yatra dharmaha sudurlabaha
Dushkamha pralisankhyatum tatkenatra vysvasyathi
Prabhavarthaya bhutanam dharmapravachanam kritam
Yasyat prabhavasamyuktaha sa dharma iti nischayaha


It is most difficult to define Dharma. Dharma has been explained to be that which helps the upliftment of living beings. Therefore, that which ensures the welfare of living beings is surely Dharma.  The learned rishis have declared that that which sustains is Dharma.-- Bhishma to Yuddhistra -Mahabharata

Dharma is universal, it applies to all whether they belong to any religion or not.  It is a code of conduct for all human beings for all time to come.  It is eternal and unalterable just as you cannot alter the property of fire of burning and of water of flowing.

The goal of dharma is to raise the quality of life , ensure spiritual awaking and fulfill humanity’s destiny. To be a Hindu, you don’t need any certificate from any temple, church or mosque or praying house . 

You need not recite any verse.  You need not believe in any particular God or book.  You simply have to have a conscience and be honest to yourself. 

Can anybody be a Muslim if he outrightly rejects Quran? Can anybody be a  Christian if he outrightly rejects the holy Bible ? 

Can any Muslim in Pakistan or Saudi Arabia say in public to other muslims that he wants to convert to Christianity, and still hope to be alive the next day? 

As long as a Muslim in in minority he wants a SECULAR government.  But soon he will procreate like mice ( if conversions by force are NOT happening ) and then as soon as he is in majority he wants SHARIA Islamic government with religious police to enforce .

But yes, one can be a Hindu even if he outrightly rejects the Vedas.

Scientists have found out today that Vedic mantras  have therapeutic and psychological benefits even when recited without understanding them. For Sanskrit emanated from the DNA of seers.

Hinduism’s goal is to provide a nurturing platform for all.  Hinduism allows different options to all of us at all times to choose what is naturally best for us and progress from there. 

Hinduism existed when division of humans on basis of religion was non-existent. Hinduism is a ‘celebration’ of ‘being human’. Hinduism, is a synonym for ‘being human’.

Vedic provisions forcefully declare equality among all human beings. They impresses that just as no spoke of a wheel is superior to another, no individual can claim to be, or regarded as, superior to others. This was the grand concept of equality in India.

Dharanat dharma mityahu dharmo dhara-yate prajaha
Yat syad dharanasamyuktam sa dharma iti nischayaha

Dharma sustains the society.  Dharma maintains the social order.  Dharma ensures well being and progress of humanity.  Dharma is surely that which fulfills these objectives-  Lord Krishna to Arjuna Karna Parva, Mahabharata

धारणात् धर्मं इत्याहुर्धर्मो धारयती प्रजा: । - महाभारत १२.१०९.११

Righteousness is that which nurtures the subjects and in turn the society. - Mahabharat 12.109.11

The 7000 year old Chandogya Upanishad (3.17.4) includes ahimsa in its list of virtues.

This vulgar presumption considers that man is a sinner and suffers from defects , and all the authority to emancipate him has been given to the Prophet is ridiculous.   So that man is bound to accept the greatness of the Prophet and serve him without question?

At least once each year every Hindu must make a pilgrimage to a holy place, near or far. This is a time when all worldly matters are set aside and God becomes the  central and singular focus of life.

Dharma is the moral law combined with spiritual discipline that guides one's life. Hindus  onsider dharma the very foundation of life.

Prithivim dharmana dhritam
The world is upheld by dharma- Atharva Veda 5000 BC

Dharma is like a cosmic norm and if one goes against the norm it can result in bad karma. So, dharma affects the future according to the karma accumulated. Ethics is the supporting structure of Hinduism.  Within its framework of good conduct lie the joys of spiritual living and the depths of God consciousness.

All Mankind is One Family- Rig Veda 5000 BC, 1.164.46

Hindu dharma has no founder, the word Sanatana implies that it always existed.  Dharma is anything that upholds or sustains a positive order. Hindus consider that loyalty to one's moral values is the highest loyalty, and of all the losses, loss of one's character and conscience are the worst. 

Morality proceeds from the inner spirit of man. In Hindu dharma , one's motive is as important in the performance of an action as the action itself. Harmlessness to all life on earth is of the highest morality . 

Hindus place greater emphasis on the attitude of the mind rather than on postulation of the elaborate theories of what is right and what is wrong as in other religions (like the ten commandments ).  The purity of the heart is important.  Sanatana Dharma is not restricted to Indian boundaries but it is universal.

Hinduism is not just mere faith. It is the union of reason and intuition that cannot be defined but is only to be experienced.  When we live in accordance with the divine law of dharma, we are in harmony with truth and move toward spiritual advancement.

Since Christianity and Islam were born they have filled the earth with violence, drenched the soil with blood again and again . They have destroyed  civilizations, and sent whole nations to despair.

The world is now coming back to the mother of all religions Hinduism—the west call as PAGAN.   

Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old. This is the only religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions.

Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.

You don’t have to live in India to be a Hindu. You could be a Catholic living in England, as long as you have a conscience, live in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties, do not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. You must understand that human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness.

Four qualities that keep a person the path of dharma are purity, compassion, austerity and truth- Bhagawad Purana.

'आनृशंस्यं परो धर्म:

Compassion itself is ultimate Righteousness (Mahabharat 3.373.76)


Anumantaa vishasitaa nihantaa krayavikrayee,   Samskartaa chopahartaa cha khadakashcheti ghaatakaah-  Manusmrithi 5.51

Those who permit slaying of animals; those who bring animals for slaughter; those who slaughter; those who sell meat; those who purchase meat; those who prepare dish out of it; those who serve that  meat and those who eat are all murderers.

Breehimattam yavamattamatho maashamatho tilam,  Esha vaam bhaago nihito ratnadheyaaya dantau maa hinsishtam pitaram maataram cha-  Atharvaveda 6.140.2

O teeth! You eat rice, you eat barley, you gram and you eat sesame.  These cereals are specifically meant for you.  Do not kill those who are capable of being fathers and mothers.

Ya aamam maansamadanti paurusheyam cha ye kravih,   Garbhaan khaadanti keshavaastaanito naashayaamasi-   Atharvaveda 8.6.23

We ought to destroy those who eat cooked as well as uncooked meat, meat involving destruction of males and females, foetus and eggs.


Anago hatya vai bheema kritye,  Maa no gaamashvam purusham vadheeh  - Atharvaveda 10.1.29

It is definitely a great sin to kill innocents. Do not kill our cows, horses and people.


Aghnyaa yajamaanasya pashoonpahi-   Yajurveda 1.1

“O human! animals are Aghnya – not to be killed. Protect the animals”


Pashunstraayethaam-    Yajurveda 6.11

Protect the animals.

Dwipaadava Chatushpaatpaahi-   Yajurveda 14.8

Protect the bipeds and quadrupeds!


Meat eaters have always been looked down in Vedic literature.  They have been known as Rakshasas, Pisacha and so on….All these words are synonyms of demons or devils that have been out-cast from the civilized human society.    

Yajna never meant animal sacrifice in the sense popularly understood.   Yajna in the Vedas meant a noble deed or the highest purifying action.


 Agne yam yagnamadhvaram vishwatah pari bhuurasi, Sa id deveshu gacchati-   Rigveda 1.1.4

 O lord of effulgence! The non-violent Yajna, you prescribe from all sides, is beneficial for all, touches divine proportions and is accepted by noble souls.


The Rigveda describes Yajna as Adhvara  or non violent throughout.  Same is the case with all the other Vedas.    

The white invader injected poison into the Sanskrit verses using their arm twisted ( vulnerable ) stooges whom they took to England.  

Not complying meant no return passage on a Rothschild ship , getting BURIED after death ( NO cremation ), which was unthinkable for a Hindu.

The white invader used MEDH to befuddle.  The biggest accusation of cattle and cow slaughter comes in the context of the Yajnas that derived their names from different cattle like the Ashwamedh Yajna, the Gomedha Yajna and the Nar-medh Yajna.   Even by the wildest stretch of the imagination the word Medha would not mean slaughter in this context.



Imam ma himsirekashafam pashum kanikradam vaajinam vaajineshu--- Yajurveda 13.48

Do not slaughter this one hoofed animal that neighs and who goes with a speed faster than most of the animals.

 “Listen to me, O king of kings, as I tell you this, O sinless one, there is absolute happiness in abstaining from meat, O king. He who practices severe austerities for a century, and he who abstains from meat, are both equally meritorious. This is my opinion. (Mahabharata 115.52-53) 4000 BC

Ghrtam duhaanaamaditim janaayaagne maa himsiheeh-  Yajurveda 13.49
Do not kill cows and bulls who always deserve to be protected.


Aare gohaa nrhaa vadho vo astu -  Rigveda 7.56.17
Cow slaughter is a heinous crime equivalent to human murder 


Sooyavasaad bhagavatee hi bhooyaa atho vayam bhagvantah syaama,  Addhi trnamaghnye vishwadaaneem piba shuddhamudakamaacharantee  - Rigveda 1.164.40

The Aghnya cows – which are not to be killed under any circumstances– may keep themselves healthy by use of pure water and green grass, so that we may be endowed with virtues, knowledge and wealth.


Aghnyeyam saa vardhataam mahate soubhagaaya-  Rigveda 1.164.27
Cow – The aghnya – brings us health and prosperity


“That wretched man who kills living creatures for the sake of those who would eat them commits great sin. The eater’s sin is not as great. That wretched man who, following the path of religious rites and sacrifices as laid down in the Vedas, would kill a living creature from a desire to eats its flesh, will certainly go to hell. That man who having eaten flesh abstains from it afterwards acquires great merit on account of such abstention from sin. He who arranges for obtaining flesh, he who approves of those arrangements, he who kills, he who buys or sells, he who cooks, and he who eats it, [acquire the sin of those who] are all considered as eaters of flesh. [Therefore] that man who wishes to avoid disaster should abstain from the meat of every living creature. (Mahabharata 115.44-48)  4000 BC

Suprapaanam Bhavatvaghnyaayaah-   Rigveda 5.83.8
There should be excellent facility for pure water for Aghnya Cow


Yah paurusheyena kravishaa samankte yo ashwena pashunaa yaatudhaanah,  Yo aghnyaayaa bharati ksheeramagne teshaam sheershaani harasaapi vrishcha--  Rigveda 10.87.16
Those who feed on human, horse or animal flesh and those who destroy milk-giving Aghnya cows should be severely punished.


Vimucchyadhvamaghnyaa devayaanaa aganma-  Yajurveda 12.73
The Aghnya cows and bulls bring you prosperity


“Bhishma said: That man who wishes to increase his own flesh by the meat of another living creature is such that there is none meaner and more cruel than he. In this world there is nothing that is dearer to a creature than his life. Hence, one should show mercy to the lives of others as he does to his own life. Forsooth, O son, flesh has its origin in the vital seed. There is great sin attached to its eating, as, indeed, there is merit in abstaining from it. ( Mahabharata 116.11-13) 4000 BC


Maa gaamanaagaamaditim vadhishta - Rigveda 8.101.15

Do not kill the cow. Cow is innocent and aditi – that ought not to be cut into pieces


Antakaaya goghaatam-  Yajurveda 30.18

Destroy those who kill cows

Dhenu sadanam rayeenaam-  Atharvaveda 11.1.34
Cow is fountainhead of all bounties


Aa gaavo agnamannuta bhadramakrantseedantu
Bhooyobhooyo rayimidasya vardhayannabhinne
Na taa nashanti na dabhaati taskaro
aasaamamitro vyathiraa dadharshati
Na taa arvaa renukakaato ashnute
na samskritramupa yanti taa abhi
Gaavo bhago gaava indro me achhaan
Yooyam gaavo medayathaa
Maa vah stena eeshata maaghanshasah--  28th Sukta of 6th Mandal,  Rigveda 5000 BC-

  Everyone should ensure that cows are free from miseries and kept healthy. 
 God blesses those who take care of cows. 
 Even the enemies should not use any weapon on cows 
 No one should slaughter the cow 
 Cow brings prosperity and strength 
 If cows keep healthy and happy, men and women shall also keep disease free and prosperous 
 May the cow eat green grass and pure water. May they not be killed and bring prosperity to us.


The purchaser of flesh performs himsa (violence) by his wealth; he who eats flesh does so by enjoying its taste; the killer does himsa by actually tying and killing the animal. Thus, there are three forms of killing. He who brings flesh or sends for it, he who cuts of the limbs of an animal, and he who purchases, sells, or cooks flesh and eats it-all of these are to be considered meat-eaters.-    Mahabharata, Anu. 115:40


Agne yam yagnamadhvaram vishwatah pari bhuurasi Sa id deveshu gacchati

O lord of effulgence! The non-violent Yajna, you prescribe from all sides, is beneficial for all, touches divine proportions and is accepted by noble souls.- Rigveda 1.1.4



ghrtam duhaanaam aditim janaayeti | . . . eshu lokeshwanam maa himsaareeti ||.
The one who provides ghee is aditi.  She is not to be harmed.- Shatapatha Braahmana



Na mamsam Raghava bhunkte, na chaiva madhu sevate, Vanyam suvihitam nityam bhaktamsnati panchamam.

“ Sri Rama does not take meat or honey. He partakes everyday of wild fruits and boiled (wild) rice fully sanctioned (for an ascetic) in the evening.”  Valmiki Ramayana, Sundarakanda, Skanda 36, Sloka 41 -4300 BC


"You must not use your God-given body for killing God's creatures, whether they are human, animal or whatever." (Yajur Veda, 12.32)


“There is nothing, O delighter of the Kurus, that is equal in point of merit, either in this world or in the next, to the practice of mercy to all living creatures. (Mahabharata 116.19) 4000 BC

Having well considered the origin of flesh-foods, and the cruelty of fettering and slaying corporeal beings, let man entirely abstain from eating flesh. - Manusmriti 5.49


 “Having no ill feeling for any living being, in all manners possible and for all times, is called ahimsa, and it should be the desired goal of all seekers.”-  Patanjali Yoga Sutras (2.30)


“ What necessity be said of those innocent and healthy creatures gifted with love of life, when they are sought to be killed by sinful wretches living by slaughter? Therefore, O King, know that the discarding of meat is the highest refuge of religion, of the celestial region, and of happiness. Abstention of injury [to others] is the highest religion. It is, again, the highest penance. It is also the highest truth from which all duty emanates “. (Mahabharata 115.21-23) 4000 BC

"By not killing any living being, one becomes fit for salvation." (Manusmriti, 6.60)

“If there were nobody who ate flesh, then there would be nobody to slay living creatures. The man who slays living creatures kills them for the sake of the person who eats flesh. If flesh were not considered as food, there would then be no destruction of living creatures. It is for the sake of the eater that the destruction of living entities is carried on in the world. Since, O you of great splendor, the period of life is shortened by persons who kill living creatures or cause them to be killed, it is clear that the person who seeks his own good should give up meat altogether. Those dreadful persons who are engaged in the destruction of living beings never find protectors when they are in need. Such persons should always be molested and punished even as beast of prey”. (Mahabharata 115.29-32) 4000 BC


Do not injure the beings living on the earth, in the air and in the water. - Yajur Veda- 5000 BC 

One is dearest to God who has no enemies among the living beings, who is nonviolent to all creatures.--- Bhagavad Gita 4000 BC

By not killing any living being, one becomes fit for salvation.-  Manusmriti, 6.60


Anago hatya vai bheema kritye,  Maa no gaamashvam purusham vadheeh


It is definitely a great sin to kill innocents. Do not kill our cows, horses and people. Atharvaveda 10.1.29


He who injures harmless creatures from a wish to give himself pleasure, never finds happiness in this life or the next.  Manu-samhita 5.45


“Hence a person of purified soul should be merciful to all living creatures. That man, O king, who abstains from every kind of meat from his birth forsooth, acquires a large space in the celestial region. They who eat the flesh of animals who are desirous of life, are themselves [later] eaten by the animals they eat. This is my opinion. Since he has eaten me, I shall eat him in return. This, O Bharata, forms the character as Mamsah [meaning flesh] of Mamsah [me he, or “me he” will eat for having eaten him]. The destroyer is always slain. After him the eater meets with the same fate. (Mahabharata 116.32-35) 4000 BC


Non-injury, truthfulness, freedom from theft, lust, anger, and greed, and an effort to do what is agreeable and beneficial to all creatures - this is the common duty .  Srimad-Bhagavatam


You must not use your God-given body for killing God's creatures, whether they are human, animal or whatever.-  Yajur Veda, 12.32


 “The highly wise seven celestial Rishis, the Valakshillyas, and those Rishis who drink the rays of the sun, all speak highly of abstention from meat. The self-created Manu has said that the man who does not eat meat, or who does not kill living creatures, or who does not cause them to be killed, is a friend of all creatures. Such a man is incapable of being oppressed by any creature. He enjoys the confidence of all living beings. He always enjoys the praise of the pious. The virtuous Narada has said that that man who wishes to multiply his own flesh by eating the flesh of other creatures meets with disaster. ( Mahabharata 115.9-12) 4000 BC 


Having well considered the origin of flesh and the cruelty of fettering and slaying of corporeal beings, let one entirely abstain from eating flesh.- Manu Samhita


They who kill men or slay cows should be outlawed and ostracised (Rig I.16-114).


“That man who seeks to multiply his own flesh by (eating) the flesh of others has to live in this world in great anxiety, and after death has to take birth in indifferent races and families. High Rishis given to the observance of vows and self-control have said that abstention from meat is worthy of praise, productive of fame and Heaven, and a great satisfaction itself. This I heard formerly, O son of Kunti, from Markandeya when that Rishi discoursed on the sins of eating flesh. (Mahabharata 115.34-36) 4000 BC


Flesh-eating, drinking, gambling and adultery, all, destroy and mar the mental faculties of a man (Atharva VI.7-70-71) 



Protect both our species, two-legged and four-legged. Both food and water for their needs supply. May they with us increase in stature and strength. Save us from hurt all our days, O Powers! -  Rig Veda 10.37.11. VE, 319




Meat can never be obtained without injury to living creatures, and injury to sentient beings is detrimental to the attainment of heavenly bliss; let him therefore shun the use of meat. Having well considered the disgusting origin of flesh and the cruelty of fettering and slaying corporeal beings, let him entirely abstain from eating flesh.  -Manusmriti 5.48-49


ashvam naa himseeh |
A horse is not to be harmed - Yajurveda. 13/42 -5000 BC


“Flesh cannot be had from grass or wood or stone. Unless a living creature is killed it cannot be procured. Hence is the fault of eating flesh. The celestials who live upon Svaha, Svadha, and nectar, are given to truth and sincerity. Those persons, however, who are for satisfying the sensation of taste, should be known as Rakshasas [flesh-eating demons] pervaded by the quality of Darkness. (Mahabharata 115.24-25) 4000 BC


gaam maa himseeraditim viraajam ||
The cow is aditi. She is not to be harmed in any manner.  -Yajurveda. 13/43 




Breehimattam yavamattamatho maashamatho tilam,   Esha vaam bhaago nihito ratnadheyaaya dantau maa hinsishtam pitaram maataram
O teeth! You eat rice, you eat barley, you gram and you eat sesame. These cereals are specifically meant for you. Do not kill those who are capable of being fathers and mothers. --Atharvaveda 6.140.2


Anumantaa vishasitaa nihantaa krayavikrayee,   Samskartaa chopahartaa cha khadakashcheti ghaatakaah


Those who permit slaying of animals; those who bring animals for slaughter; those who slaughter; those who sell meat; those who purchase meat; those who prepare dish out of it; those who serve that meat and those who eat are all murderers.- Manusmrithi 5.51

Ya aamam maansamadanti paurusheyam cha ye kravih,   Garbhaan khaadanti keshavaastaanito naashayaamasi  

We ought to destroy those who eat cooked as well as uncooked meat, meat involving destruction of males and females, foetus and eggs. Atharvaveda 8.6.23


Meat can never be obtained without injury to living creatures, and injury to sentient beings is detrimental to the attainment of heavenly bliss; let him therefore shun the use of meat. Having well considered the disgusting origin of flesh and the cruelty of fettering and slaying corporeal beings, let him entirely abstain from eating flesh.” (Manu-samhita 5.48-49)

 “He who purchases flesh, kills living creatures through his money. He who eats flesh, kills living beings through his eating. He who binds or seizes and actually kills living creatures is the slaughterer. These are the three sorts of slaughter through each of these acts. He who does not himself eat flesh but approves of an act of slaughter, becomes stained with the sin of slaughter. (Mahabharata 115.38-39) 4000 BC

“The sins generated by violence curtail the life of the perpetrator. Therefore, even those who are anxious for their own welfare should abstain from meat-eating.” (Mahabharata, Anu.115.33) 4000 BC


 When one’s food is pure ( devoid of meat ) , one’s being becomes pure – Chāndogya Upaniṣad 7.26.2


LISTEN, I AM NOT IN THE HABIT OF PROVIDING PROOFS  - when CHOOTS ask me for proofs my usual answer is to them is "FU#K OFF!"  -  

I MAKE AN EXCEPTION IN THIS POST TO CONVINCE  PM  NARENDRA MODI . 


In Vedic sacred Sanskrit texts  the cow is a symbol of the divine bounty of the earth and ALL the ancient scriptures prohibit the slaughter of cows.   The slaughter of any animal goes against the principle of ahimsa. 

The white invader imported Gandhi from South Africa to secure Ahimsa for themselves , to save their own deceitful white asses .


Ahimsa is not causing pain to any living being at any time through the actions of one's mind, speech or body.-   Sandilya Upanishad 5000 BC


The Maharishis saw life as the very stuff of the Divine, an emanation of the Source and part of a cosmic continuum.  They held that each life form, even water and trees, possesses consciousness and energy.   

Nonviolence, ahimsa, the primary basis of vegetarianism, has long been central to the religious traditions of India- especially Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism.  Religion in India has consistently upheld the sanctity of life, whether human, animal or, in the case of the Jains, elemental.


There is no greater sinner than that non-vegetarian man who seeks to increase the bulk of his own flesh by the flesh of other beings

The word GAU also means the Earth and the yajna dedicated to keep the Earth the environment clean is called Gomedha Yajna.  To keep the food pure or to keep the senses under control, to keep the earth free from pollution is called Gomedha Yajna . 

The cremation of the body of a dead person in accordance with the principles laid down in the Vedas is called Naramedha Yajna - and this has NOTHING to do with human sacrifice, as poison injected by the white invader .

Burial grounds must be situated on top of an impervious soil layer —or disease borne organic and inorganic contaminants will percolate into an under ground aquifer. For reasons still poorly understood, corpses don't invariably decompose into potting soil as many assume.  



Instead, the fat tissue, usually in the presence of moisture, sometimes turns into a solid, soap like substance that makes the cadaver look like something you'd find in a wax museum ( adipocere ) . The grave should be shallow enough to allow microbial activity similar to that found in composting.

Below: Hollywood movie showing Hinduism as a religion which allows human sacrifice 





The white invader used one of their stooges Rajendralal Mitra  (1823-1891) to do false propaganda that human sacrifice went on in Hindu temples even before the white invader arrived in India and that it went on since Vedic era. 


They rewarded this desh drohi by calling him the “ first Indologist of Indian origin” , and the father figure of the Indian Renaissance.   He was further rewarded with the post the first Indian president of the Asiatic society  in 1885.


The white historian rewarded another desh drohi Ram Sharan Sharma ( 1919 -2011 ) for saying that Rajendralal Mitra was right.  They made him a senior fellow at the School of Oriental  Studies, University of London.   

RS Sharma called for the addition of the Ayodhya dispute and the 2002 Gujarat riots to NCERT school syllabus calling them 'socially relevant topics' to broaden the horizons of youngsters.   

Below: The face of a traitor.


The waitress used RS Sharma to prove that Lord Rama and Lord Krishna never existed and that Ram Sethu bridge was just a natural formation . He was on the side of Muslims during the Babri Masjid dispute . 

RS Sharma wrote that the FAKE DASAS existed and had gone on and on about FAKE Tulsidas writing Ramcharitamanas at Ayodhya , "though it was NOT a place of worship" ( sic ).  He supported the view that Lord Ram abandoned his pregnant wife Sita.

When RS Sharma died 3 years ago all the Rothschild historians praised him to the skies at a function organised by the Indian Council of Historical Research “eminent” (sic) historians Romila Thapar, Irfan Habib, and their ilk paid rich tributes to Sharma.  

Capt Ajit Vadakayil says- “ Trash all RS Sharma’s ulterior motives books which showed India in poor light ”

Everything dark, primitive, savage and forbidden in Hinduism has been INJECTED/ PLANTED by the white invader  .

Hinduism is so modern that Albert Einstein got his Nobel prize by lifting 100% from ancient Hindu texts penned 7000 years ago .    

The hollywood movie INTERSTELLAR has lifted wholesale from ancient Vedas.

Punch into Google search-

ALBERT EINSTEIN SHAMELESS PLAGIARIST VADAKAYIL

It is the internet age - it is payback time !


Below: If you are not shell shocked by the video below, you have NOT understood it  . Ancient Indians were the first to understand it .



Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas.   It is form of bloodless sacrifice.  We Hindus do NOT do blood sacrifice nor we have done it in the past .  

The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma.  The water has a divine quality as it contains lauric acid found in mothers milk and is also identical to human plasma.

Below: Breaking coconut with conscious INTENTION.



While breaking the coconut the devotee must INTEND as per the vedic traditions. This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix, this energy is transferred to our DNA.

Below:  These are NOT dead cows -- these are broken coconuts .



In quantum physics terms -- it causes a " butterfly effect " . When you utter OM before a Sanskrit Mantra it opens out a “wormhole”.   




Potential is only manifested when we provide the frequency information through our intentions— concept of MIND OVER MATTER.




Human intention can create quantum fluctuations in the ZERO POINT FIELD , a vast unharnessed energy source . We resonate in Zero Point Energy —human intention can influence the universe. Consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things . Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains an the quantum energy sea. We literally resonate the Cosmos. 




The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention. Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness. Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. 

In the quantum holographic DNA-wave biocomputer theory, DNA is a self-calibrating antenna working by phase conjugate ( scalar waves and phase conjugation) adaptive resonance , capable of both receiving and transmitting quantum holographic information , stored in the form of diffraction patterns-quantum holograms. 




Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency. Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our perception of it.

Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be found in the composition of vibration or ripples. Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute. Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute.



Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they could be the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics. 

Our universe is NOT a bunch of single individual parts of atoms, molecules, planets and stars that only maintain contact by separate forces such as gravity acting upon them. Quantum entangled particles keep their coherent relation eternally and are not bothered by any distance separating them whether it be a few millimetres or the distance of a galaxy. 




Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns. 



Little did IDIOT Charles Darwin know , that Biology is a quantum DNA process. 

All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level.  

IDIOT Isaac Newton’s modern physics has set mankind back by many centuries.

All R supari fed Indian historians has been crying from the roof tops that ancient Indians ate beef.  What is their extreme interest in this subject , that they froth over it and insist that this issue must be printed in the NCERT text books ?

The word GAU ( cow ) has multiple meanings in the Vedas , it is a holy thing. It could be the humped cow, holy waters, llife giving sun rays , Vedic Sanskrit verses , holy rishis or even bountiful mother earth. Throughout the Vedas the cow is referred to as  "aghnya."

AGHNYA  means "not to be killed or violated" and is used for cows and for life sustaining waters in the presence of which oaths were taken.

The Rig and Sama Veda call the cow "aghnya" and "Aditi", ie. not to be murdered (Rig 1-64-27; 5-83-8; 7-68-9; 1-164-40; 8-69-2; 9-1-9; 9-93-3; 10-6-11; 10-87-16). They extol the cow as un-killable, un-murderable, whose milk purifies.

the mind and keeps it free from sin. Verse 10-87-16 prescribes severe punishment for the person who kills a cow.  The  Atharva Veda recommends beheading (8-3-16) for such a crime; the Rig Veda advocates expulsion from the  kingdom (8-101-15).

Of course Vedic literatures are replete with stories of Kings who hunted animals regularly.  This was maily to contain the menace of violent animals.  They did NOT kill cows.  

This allowed the sages to meditate peacefully in the forest and write verses which would benefit  the whole of human society. Secondly, it honed the fighting skills and prowess of the ruling class.  This enabled them to protect innocent citizens from enemies.

The white invader used a Sanskrit Pandit Taranath to inject poison into his translations to prove that ancient Indians ate beef.   Pandit Taranath was hired by hired by Rothschild stooge German Max Muller h for Rs. 10,000 in 1866.  

He confused cow fat ( tallow ) with ghee.   Our own greedy pundit let Bharatmata down .  

Taranath's Sanskrit dictionary Vachaspatyam    deliberately gave WRONG meanings to make the Vedas poison injected.   It worked for sometime as hardly any Hindu questioned the integrity of a Hindu Sanskrit scholar.  Max Muller poison injected  the Vedas and he translated from the dictionary of the Hindus. 

Panini created a special sutra to establish the rule that goghn will only mean the receiver of a cow (andwill not be used in any other sense).  Pandit Taranath ignored Panini's injunction and wrote that "goghn" means "the  killer of a cow."    

Tarananth similarly converted the ashvamedh yagna from 'ritual of the horse' to the "killing of the  horse."  Ashwamedham was a VOTE OF CONFIDENCE sought by an emperor ( for lasting peace ) so that he could send soldiers back to their families .


Max Muller made sure that R rewarded Pundit Taranath with a kings ransom.  In 1866, Lt. Governor Sir Cecil Beadon sanctioned ten thousand rupees for two hundred copies of his dictionary.   

This was a fortune in those days,as the headmaster of a vernacular primary school received a salary of just 10 rupees a month.  Today,  those ten thousand rupees is the equivalent of 60 lakh rupees.

Babur in his letter of 935 hijri advised Humayun to stop cow-slaughter. Akbar in his firman of 1586 forbade cow slaughter. Aurangzeb did not eat meat. Akbar and Aurangzeb always used Ganga water for drinking and in their kitchen. 

In (XI.116) Manusmriti has  prescribed penance for killing a cow. In (XI.96) Manusmriti says that flesh is food of Pisachas & Rakshasas.  In (V.45 to 54), killing of animals and eating of flesh has been prohibited in Manu Smriti.  (V.54) says that totally avoiding eating flesh is a great reward (punya).

The West now wants to eat Indian Vedic HUMPED cow as their own cows are diseased.  The white race is literally up shit creek without a paddle because they ate HUMPLESS cow ..   




They come to India as tourists with VISA ON ARRIVAL and go back with flasks containing frozen Vedic cow embryos.



VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE INCUBATION PERIOD WILL BE OVER IN ANOTHER TWO DECADES AFTER WHICH THEIR BRAINS WILL BE ERODED.



Punch into Google search-
SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL



"Brahmins sacrificed herds and herds of animals and gorged themselves on their meat. The Buddha saved such herds when they were being taken to the sacrificial altar, " – all this is poison injected by the white invader. 

He concocted cock and bull stories of powerful Hindu emperors getting sick and tired of BAAAD   BAAAAD Hinduism and converting to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism /Jainism.

Punch into Google search-
CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER VADAKAYIL

Good time to digress----

Just in case the Christian white man and the Muslim is getting cocky about this White Invaders introduced ( by deceit ) animal sacrifices in Hindus temples.

The world's second largest sacrificial slaughter of animals 300,000 at Gaghimai Nepal is far behind  the white Christian’s THANKSGIVING and the BAKRI EID of Muslims. 

While the Hindus do NOT eat the meat, these Christians and Muslims eat them. 

The white Christian in western cities do NOT slaughter the turkeys in their nice grassy back yard.   It is done by Muslims using the HALAL method while reciting verses from Koran.



Halal slaughter involves cutting the trachea, the esophagus and the jugular vein and letting the blood drain out while saying, ‘Bismillah allahu akbar’ – ‘in the name of Allah the greatest,’.

Hindus refuse to eat such Halal meat as it tortures the animal by allowing it to bleed slowly and painfully to death.



Every year we know how many million turkeys the white Christian man eats on a single day. 95% of them eat turkey on this day and of course on Christmas.   Can they imagine christmas without meat ?  
Or can a Muslim imagine a festival without meat ?  Then why get sarcastic with Hindus who are vegetarian?

Last year 47 million turkeys were slaughtered in the U.S. for Thanksgiving this year.  None of these Christian kind souls ever pause to consider how their turkey was actually raised and killed. 



Confined in the thousands to stinking, ammonia-swamped warehouses, many turkeys today are genetically bred to grow so fast that their heart and legs can't keep pace with their ballooning bodies. 

Many suffer heart attacks and leg collapse.  The body weight of turkeys increases 310 times between birth and slaughter...Their genetics are crazy due to hormone injections .  

Every year, the president of the United States ceremonially "pardons" a turkey, giving the animal a reprieve from slaughter. 

Thanksgiving is "one of the worst days of the year to be a turkey," President Obama jovially noted in his 2011 turkey pardon.  He continued that Liberty, the turkey he pardoned, is probably "the luckiest bird on the face of the earth."  

Not quite, Mr. President.  Most pardoned turkeys tend to drop dead in under a year because of their grievous body structure.  



In the United States, turkeys and chickens are not even protected under the federal Humane Methods of Slaughter Act, even though they constitute 97 percent of farm animals slaughtered every year.

HOW MANY MILLIONS OF CHICKEN ,TURKEYS , COWS AND PIGS DO THESE CHRISTIANS AND MUSLIMS CONSUME IN A YEAR  . 

WHY COME TO INDIA AND MAKE A HUGE HOO HAAA AND NATAK ABOUT CRUELTY TO ANIMALS ?   AND IMAGINE BEEF EATER TEESTA SETALVAD / SHABHANA AZMI TYPES HAVE THE MOST FUN .



In Halal Slaughter, they cut the neck to allow the blood to drain out but do not cut the spinal cord which means the animal spends his last moments dying in SEVERE AGONIZING PAIN .



BELOW:  HOW HOLY ARE THESE RABBIS WHO DO KOSHER SLAUGHTER?



Below: These are the people who come to India as tourists and ridicule vegetarian Hindus as savages.



How many Americans would eat a turkey at Thanksgiving if they had to kill it themselves ? This year, 1.7 billion Muslims, or close to a quarter of the world population, celebrated Eid-al-Adha, the largest Islamic holiday of the year, with the "sacrifice" of 105 million cows, goats and sheep.  

Just as Thanksgiving is often called Turkey Day, Eid-al-Adha is often called Bakra Eid, which translates to Cow Feast or Goat Feast.   

While Eid slaughter is often decried as barbaric, Thanksgiving slaughter isn't, even though the only difference between the two is who wields the knife -- the consumer or the worker.  

Muslims tend to purchase the requisite cow, goat or sheep, and kill the animal themselves in their grubby backyards with small children holding down the animal .  




Rich yanks purchase turkeys that were killed behind closed doors by largely Mexican, underpaid, exploited workers in American slaughter plants.

Below: SECULAR politics!


A lot of stories are circulated in the BENAMI media about human and children sacrifice in Hindus temples.    

I ask the Modi  govt this—next time a sacrificed body is found near a Hindu temple, there must be a check list to follow.  

Check if any body parts like kidneys are missing .  

This NONSENSE has been going on for some time and it is high time we stopped it.


Punch into Google search-
KIDNEY SALE TOURISM AND BODY ORGAN HARVESTING IN INDIA  VADAKAYIL       .

There was a Chitpavan Jew – nay- Brahmin by the name of BL Apte who produced FAKE Sanskrit verses from Vedas— really ridiculous ones— totally incongruent to Vedic style of verse.

“The guest were entertained with the flesh of cows, killed on the occasion (Rig. 10.85.13) ( SIC !).

What else they were served Mr Apte ? — 

dig into your POISON INJECTED Rig Veda deeper—   hey, what about shit on toast    -   nay chappati ?    BLOODY CHOOT !

The Chitpavan Jew does NOT know the verse below -

antakaaya goghaatam.

Death sentence for the one who kills the cow.- Rig Veda  30/18- 5000 BC



What the BENAMI media has NOT reported bout the Noida murders ( 31 children included ) is that the kidneys and liver of the no so decomposed corpses were missing.   



The servant Surinder Koli claimed that he ate it.  



Like how a UPA politician AbhiSEX claimed that termites ate some important court documents .




The Gadhimai animal sacrifice Hindu festival that is held every five years at the Gadhimai temple of Bariyarpur, in Bara District, about 160 km south of the capital Kathmandu , Nepal ( near the Indo-Nepal border ) started yesterday on 28th Nov 2014, and ends today on 29th Nov 2014. 



This festival was started by the white invader exactly 260 years ago.   The white invader gave a cock and bull story that King Pratap Malla( died 1674 AD )  lost his son and the queen was overwhelmed by grief.   




Then the king decided that every family which had a member died in the past year would take part in Gai Jatra ( animal sacrifice )  so that the queen would realise she was not alone to be struck by the tragedy.   

King Pratap Malla of Malla dynasty of Nepal, was the ninth king of Kantipur.  

This is a big LIE..

This event involves the world's third largest sacrificial slaughter of animals (after Christian Thanksgiving and Islamic Id).   



In 2009, 500,000 animals were killed during the Gadhimai festival and most often thee animals went from India – smuggled on board trucks .  


This time in 2014, only 5000 animals were killed at Gadhimai Jatara .   





In 2019, I  predict NONE will be killed and whoever kills will  be in prison for a long time .

The heads of the sacrificed animals will be buried in a huge pit while the animal hides and skin will be sold to traders who have contracted to buy them.    More than 80 percent of Nepal’s 27 million people are Hindus.  



Gadhimai is the Hindu goddess of power created by the white invader.   In 2009, many Indians traveled to Nepal just for this month-long festival, Gadhimai, where 5 million people attended.

Some persons contended that if animal sacrifice is stopped, "there will be unjust interference with the religion of the people, who sacrifice animals”. Sorry, Hinduism does NOT condone this slaughter.

The Indian Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (Slaughter House) Rules, 2001, states "animals [are] not to be slaughtered except in recognized or licensed houses.  During Eid most of the slaughter is done in back yards .

NARENDRA MODI MUST ENSURE THAT RELIGIOUS ANIMAL SACRIFICE IS BANNED ALL OVER INDIA.    RELIGION MUST BE ABOUT LOVE AND FAIRNESS  .

Compassion must be the basic tenets of any religion .  If this is missing , then that religion must be banned in India.   Animal sacrifice is NOTHING but a social evil..

The manner in which the animals are handled, transported and killed for animal sacrifice also typically violates India's Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act 1960, its Transport of Animals Rules 1978 and the Slaughterhouse Rules 2001 making it a punishable offense.

In 2009, it was NOT possible for so many carcasses to be eaten in a country like Nepal where most are vegetarians . These carcasses were just left to rot.

The entire Western media has thrown in TANTRA into this white invader started animal sacrifice ritual at Gandhimai  Nepal .   Sorry Tantra has NOTHING to do with all this  .

Here is a quote from a white Aussie newspaper . These white skinned reporters with CRIMINAL DNA are converting sunrise to sunset . These are the descendants of the people who exterminated the aborigines with SMALL POX GERM INFESTED BLANKETS  .

QUOTE : Tantric Hinduism, in which specialists engaged in sexual ­rituals and acts of violence to ­secure power or salvation, was the mainstream religion across the Indian subcontinent for a millennia until the 15th century when it was phased out in favour of the current non-violent ­religion  :UNQUOTE

So the white invader saved India and Hinduism , right?

WRONG !

http://www.theaustralian.com.au/news/world/goddesss-bloodlust-to-be-sated-in-nepals-orgy-of-slaughter/story-e6frg6so-1227138766376?nk=7e30a396d20696e97c86892758f2521a

It is the Internet age and such IMMORAL LIES can no longer be sustained - and we do NOT want to be saved / freed by deceitful white man  .



For my western readers who want to know what TANTRA is –

Punch into Google search –

TANTRA , LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM, FORBIDDEN RAZOR'S EDGE VAMACHARA  VADAKAYIL

and

CIRCUMCISION, TANTRA SEX FOR RAISING KUNDALINI  VADAKAYIL

Two very important features for developing a psychological profile of an offender are his signature and his modus operandi. The signature may be the way a rope is tied around a victim's hands or the particular way the victim is tortured.

Modus operandi (MO) refers to the particular method of operation of the killer, including the object of the crime, the means, the time, and so on. The MO can change, but the signature usually doesn't.

Every psychopath serial killer leaves behind a SIGNATURE- it is a pathological need . Jack the Ripper, left a gruesome signature-- the ripping of the bodies of his victims.

The signature aspect, or calling card, is the unique, personal expression or ritual demonstrated by the offender while he is committing the offense and is based on the offender's fantasies.  When a signature is left, so is an aspect of the offender's personality.

The signature aspect is different from the modus operandi  because it is conduct that goes beyond the necessary behaviors needed to commit the crime.  It is driven by the killer's fantasies and needs to be done in order for the killer to gain satisfaction from his crime.  A modus operandi may evolve, but a signature aspect remains constant.

Some psychopaths enjoy taunting the police with letters describing their crimes and indicating where they could find his most recent victim's body.  

Serial murderers represent perhaps the most serious and morbidly fascinating image of criminality. They're modern-day bogeymen.  They commit horrific acts of violence and indulge in strange and perverted acts with their victims. The concept of evil comes quickly to mind when thinking of their deeds.

So we have a psychopath named R who left behind a DASA signature for all his back dated FAKE creations of the BHAKTI movement to divide and rule India .

R left behind a JATARA signature for the animal and human sacrifices he introduced in Hindus temples using his FAKE Mutts and FAKE Shankaracharyas.

Want a few examples of JATARA signatures ?

Gandhimai  jatara
Tirupati Gangamma  jatara
Kandhen Budhi  jatara
Bali jatara
Peddagattu jatara
Sammakka Sarakka jatara
Yellaramma jatara
Neeramanavi Yellamma jatara
Edupayala jatara
Poleramma jatara
Bonalu Or Mahankali jatara
Mahankali jatra  
Sammaka Sarraka jatara
Sulia jatara
Kayar jatara
Durajpalli jatara
Pachali Bhairav jatara
Medaram jatara
Kandhen Budhi Jatara
Sammakka Sarakka jatara
Doddamma jatara
Sri Rachappaji  jatara
Durgambika devi  jatara
Gai jatara

LISTEN,  I CAN CONTINUE AND GIVE YOU MORE THAN 200 SUCH JATARAS .  

TWO CENTURIES AGO , PEOPLE DARED NOT GO PAST THESE TEMPLES AT NIGHT,  ON THE APPROACH TO THE JATARA DATE,  FOR THEY WOULD BE THE NEXT HUMAN SACRIFICIAL VICTIM.

Today there are only animal sacrifices.

Since our R psychopath is the EMPEROR OF ALL PSYCHOPATHS he also created cock and bull stories for every Jatara.    

Some of these jataras like Gangamma jatara has more than 10 such cock and bull stories – after all Tirupati was a very famous and ancient temple..

Punch into Google search -
EXPLORING THE MIND OF A CON MAN  VADAKAYIL



Wanna hear some BULLSH#T Gangamma stories created by the white invader over BRANDY AND CIGARS to make Hindus look like monkeys ?

BULLSH#T  STORY NUMBER ONE:-
QUOTE:  Gangamma is the incarnation of Shakti.  It is at Diguvapalli, Chowdepalli(mandal), Chittoor (District), near Tirupati, Andhra Pradesh, her temple is dedicated to the sister of Venkateswara.  The temple is located 153 km from Bengaluru, 20 km from Madanapalli.   Centuries ago the tribals Boyas and Yelikas lived in the forest area around the hillock. They stood up and resented the repressive and automatic rule of the Nawabs.  They retaliated against the Muslim soldiers and chased them.  The Golconda Nawab rushed additional troops to crush the revolt.  Boya tribals could not withstand the onslaught of the Muslim army and fled into the forest and prostrated near the hillock and prayed Almighty to save them.  The spirit of the Goddess Shakti descended from the hillock, shielded the tribals and crushed the Nawab's army.  Local people say that the Shakti has tied the heads of soldiers to banyan tree branches. In the event of victory Boyas built the Gangamma temple, which saved them against evil force. The local goddess Gangamma is revered as the younger sister of Lord Venkateswara of Tirumala and hence the festival assumes enormous significance: UNQUOTE

BULSH#T STORY NUMBER TWO:-
QUOTE :  Sri Thathaya Gunta Gangamma is Grama Devatha of Tirupati town. Once upon a time when Tirupati and surrounding areas are ruled by “Palegondulu”, harassment on women was enormous - they use to rape and harass any woman seen. During this time, in a village “Avilala”, the Goddess Gangamma was born and grew into a most beautiful women. When the Palegondulu want harm Goddess Gangamma, she with her grace and power tried to kill him. Palegondulu, fearing her, hid in a remote place. To take him out of hiding, the Gangamma planned “Ganga Jathra” where the people in Tirupathi do vichitra veshadarana and curse Gangamma for a period of 7 days. On the seventh day, the“Palegondulu” comes out of hiding and is killed by Goddess Gangamma for the “LokaKalyanam” (well being of all people) :UNQUOTE

BULLSH#T STORY NUMBER THREE :-
QUOTE:  A Palegar (local chieftain) ruling the Tirupati region, was known to sexually assault young women, while an angered Adiparashakti takes birth as Gangamma, taking a vow to slay him to protect women. The Palegar goes into hiding and Gangamma dons various guises to find him out. To symbolize the legend, devotees even today visit the temple in various guises such as ‘Banda Vesham’, ‘Bairagi Vesham’, ‘Thoti Vesham’, ‘Dora Vesham’, ‘Mathangi’, ‘Sunnapu Kundalu’, ‘Perantala Vesham’ and ‘Sapparalu’ during the nine-day event.  Priests made the traditional huge clay idol of the goddess at the temple's portico and later smashed it into pieces at the auspicious moment.  Devotees then clamour around to get the clay smithereens, which they consider as sacred, to be either preserved in the ‘Puja' room or consumed by mixing it in water.  Cows, goats and fowls are sacrificed at a corner of the temple. some women came draped with neem leaves, as a fulfilment of a vow ( giving a PEEK A BOO view of their private parts ): UNQUOTE

BULLSH#T STORY NUMBER FOUR :-
QUOTE:   The local chieftain “Palegadu” - athug - used to seduce beautiful women.  As per his commands, newly-wedwomen were forced to spend their first wedded night with him.  Thewomen prayed to Goddess Jaganmatha who took birth as Gangamma, at Avilala village, near Tirupati. When she grew up, the chieftain cast his lustful eyes on her.  Palegadu insulted Gangamma, by pulling her hand in full public view when the latter rejected him.  When She showed her frightening “Viswaroopam” to him, to escape death, the chieftain fled. The age-old practice for devotees visiting Tirupati is to first visit the Goddess before undertaking the trek up the Tirumala hills. The annual ‘Gangamma jatara' -- the festival celebrated by fisherwomen accompanied by their family members to offer prayers to the goddess of water to bless them with a safe and happy fishing season  ( fishermen are roped in ). Fishing Boat Operators' Association president P.C. Appa Rao said the ‘Gangamma jatara' was an annual ritual to seek the blessings of goddess Gangamma for good catch during the new season and to ensure safe voyage : UNQUOTE

BULLSH#T STORY NUMBER FIVE :-
QUOTE:   One year a guru by name Tirupati Tatacharya was passing by the village. He was the only one available for the villagers at the time. But then he was a guru. They found it impossible to kill a learned man as a sacrificial animal.  Tatacharya found out about the moral dilemma faced by the villagers. He told the villagers that he would meet the goddess on his own and sort it out. The fateful day arrived. Tatacharya on his part asked all his disciples to assemble and continuously chant the famous and all powerful Ashtakshari mantra.  He for himself prepared two hot iron rods that had the conch and discus shapes on their edges. Conch and discus (Shanku and Chakra) are two holy symbols associated with Lord Vishnu and his Vaishnavite devotees. As the jaatara was in progress, the goddess appeared. As usual she took control of one of the devotees and demanded that her food be presented in front of her.  Tatacharya appeared in front of the goddess and took out the hot iron rods to plant the symbols on the goddess. The goddess, initially tried to run away, but she failed in her attempts because of the affects of the Ashtakshari mantra being chanted by the disciples of Tatacharya. Tatacharya tried to plant the symbols on shoulders but missed and planted the symbols on the back instead, perhaps below the neck. The goddess submitted herself to Tatacharya and fell on his feet and sought his forgiveness. Tatacharya accepted her as his disciple and moved her to Tirupati and established a temple for her on the outskirts of Tirupati. :  UNQUOTE

DURING THE JATARA THE PEOPLE SING SEXUALLY EXPLICIT SONGS AND SHOUT  FILTHY  SEXUAL SLANG.. 

--for 7 days and on the seventh and final day, when he heard people hurling abuses against the Goddess, the Palegondulu came out of his hiding hole .  TEEE HEEEEEEE !

QUOTE : During the festival period, devotees clad in various 'vesam' (disguise), criss-cross the streets of the temple town shouting filthy words as part of the tradition to drive away evil forces and offer prayers to different folk goddess in the temples. Smearing sandalwood paste all over the body, the devotees wear glittering clothes and cover their heads with jasmine garlands. To smoke the bad sexual predator him out of his hideout the  people in Tirupathi do vichitra veshadarana and curse Gangamma USING FOUL LANGUAGE for a period of 7 days. On the seventh day the “Palegondulu” comes out of the hide and is killed by Godess Gangamma for the “LokaKalyanam”. The males, children and youth, traverse the streets dancing and singing lewd songs and hurling abuses at others and at her. You can spot scores of males dressed up as women daintily walking down the streets alone, in groups or in procession with drums and band, and visiting her in her twin temples. QUOTE 

All this CROSS DRESSING where male devotees visit the temple in the guise of a woman, by draping saris, wearing bangles and flowers is all started by the IMMORAL white invader— on the irrelevant 2nd Tuesday of May.


Use of FILTHY VULGAR language was encouraged by the white invader. They used Muslims and ATHEISTS to initiate this.

In Kerala the oldest place of worship on this planet , the Kodungallur temple has a bharani festival where the FAKE white invader created Kanchi Mutt exported Tamil low caste people to sing FILTHY SEXUALLY EXPLICIT SONGS  –  

THAT THE KODUNGALLUR GODDESS NEEDS A PRICK AS BIG AS THE TEMPLE FLAG POST TO BE SATISFIED.    

All foul rituals created by the white invader .  

They throw bloody chicken entrails into the inner sanctum on to the idol.   

Jesus Christ studied in Kodungallur university .

Punch into Google search -
KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL VADAKAYIL



Since PM Narendra Modi came to power in mid May 2014, this blogsite has reminded him on his website to stop this annual desecration at Kodungallur temple.  

Narendra Modi who promised to give back dignity to the Hindus as a pre-poll promise , has NO time for all this.    

Below:  Buddha on the topshelf !  Wikipedia says his religion is Hindusim !! Lord Buddha is not accepted by the followers of the Vedas, because he does not accept the authority of the Vedas,  Lord Buddha was a mortal who declared himself as God. Recently Zakir Naik came on TV and said that he asked Triple Sri if he was God- and got no answer ! I believe Zakir Naik.



He is busy playing to the galley praying to Gandhi , BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar moment he spots a camera.   



PM Narendra Modi is busy dancing with the same people who created all these foul practices , and he gets terrible excited when these EVIL white men praise him to the skies .

BALI in Hindusim means “an offering of gratitude “ rather than an “animal sacrifice”.   

In Kerala we call Shraddh to a dead father as Bali.


Sir John Woodroffe published a commentary on the Karpuradistotram where he writes that the sacrificial animals listed in verse 19 are merely symbols for the six enemies, with "man" representing pride.

The white invader has tried his best to convince  Indian Hindus  to give up their faith on the grounds that their fundamental holy books – the Vedas – contain all the inhuman elements like denigration of women, meat-eating, polygamy, casteism and above all – beef eating.   

Whoever still remain as Hindus must feel very proud.  They have withstood the sword and the Jaziya tax of the Islamic invader. The cowardly Indians converted to Islam. 

The Hindus have withstood the deceitful sops of the white Christian invader, the greedy Indians converted to Christianity  .

However, they lacked the pre-requisite understanding of Shiksha (Phonetics), Vyakarana (Grammar), Nirukta (Philology), Nighantu (Vocabulary), Chhanda (Prosody), Jyotish (Astronomy), Kalpa and so on that are critical for correct interpretation of the Vedas.

Taittiriya Brahman says: `Verily the cow is food' (atho annam via gauh) – only an idiot will say that this alludes to BEEF and NOT milk.

DIGRESSION: 

All this Taittriya stuff is POISON injected by the white invader . The white man wrote over brandy and cigars that Yajnavalkya's ( 700 BC ) insisted on eating the tender (amsala) flesh of the cow . TEE HEEEE !

Wanna know this cock and bull story to divide North Indians and South Indians ?

Yagnavalyka was a pupil of Maharishi Vaishampayana in his gurukulam. He was the son of Maharishi Devaratha and Sunanda Devi .

Once Vaishampayana ( disciple of Veda Vyasa ) neglected to attend a critical meeting was slapped with a sanction called Brahmahathi (sin equivalent to killing a Brahmin) .

To get rid of this Brahmahathi dosham , Vaishampayana had to do some religious ceremonies. He wanted his disciples to bear this burden . The proud Yagna Valkya told his guru, that he himself can do the needful easily , and hence why involve his disciples ?

Vaishampayana got very angry at these words . To add insult to injury Yagnavalkya offered to do the perform the penalty all by himself and he could spare all the pupils and the guru from dissolving the dosha burden. 

This made the guru even more angry as this he construed as supreme arrogance and a posture unbecoming of a disciple.

Vaisampayana ordered Yajnavalkya to give back all the Vedic learning and wisdom that he acquired from him dismissed him from his gurukul.

leave his school immediately. Yajnavalkya followed the orders of the professor and discarded all the learning, which immediately evaporated into the solar dimension. And he became poorer in his knowledge and hence in powers and luster. 

Yajnavalkya followed the orders of the maharishi and mentally discarded all the learning, which immediately evaporated into the akasha And he immediately became poorer in his knowledge and hence in powers.

The guru could see his pupils aura shrink instantly as he absorbed all the aura into his own . So our man Yajnavalkya underwent this process at midday and became ignorant— USKA BAARAH BAJ GAYA !.

He prayed to Goddess Saraswathi .

Yajnavalkya approached the Sun God and implored him to teach him more than what he lost and more than what a human like his Guru knew.

The Sun God agreed to teach and asked him to follow him in the form a horse during his continuous travel across the skies and learn. Yagna Valkya had to face the sun god’s chariot and traverse in reverse with the same speed .

Thus Yajnavlakya became a Vajasaneya, one who learned as a horse and a branch formed called Vajasaneya sakha.

This Yajurveda learned by Yajnavlkya as a horse from the Sun God is called SuklaYajurveda and the earlier one that was learned from Vaismpayana was Krishna Yajurveda.

THIS FAKE STORY IS POISON INJECTED BY THE WHITE INVADER , AS LORD VISHNU HAD NOT YET ASSUNED HIS KRISHNA AVATAR .

They have injected poison in many ways -- when Yajnavalkya vomited out his knowledge , other disciples ate the vomit like absorbed it like Tittiri birds and hence the branch that came from those disciples is called Tittiriya sakha. . 

The white historian wrote that Adi shankaracharya ( actually born 4000 years ago—but kicked forward in time by 2800 years ) followed the Taittiriya Shakha.

ALL BULL..

The Yajurveda has been split into white and black and the shattered into splinters again – and different parts of India follow different systems—all part of a GRAND DIVIDE AND RULE.

For example the Krishna ( black ) Yajurveda has many parts followed by various parts of India. The FAKE mutts have assisted in this.

Example?- There are four recensions of the Krishna Yajurveda:
Taittiriya saṃhita-- originally of Panchala
Maitrayani saṃhita- originally of the area south of Kurukshetra
Caraka-Kaṭha saṃhita -- originally of Madra and Kurukshetra
Kapiṣṭhala-Kaṭha saṃhita-- of the southern Punjab and Bahika


The white invader gave bull that Lord Rama’s clan follows the Shukla Yajurveda branch—to DRIVE A WEDGE between Krishna/ Rama followers..

The Vajasaneyi Samhita ( Shulka Yajurveda –white ) has forty chapters or adhyayas, containing the formulas used with the following rituals:

1.-2.: New and Full Moon sacrifices
3.: Agnihotra
4.-8.: Somayajna
9.-10.: Vajapeya and Rajasuya, two modifications of the Soma sacrifice
11.-18.: construction of altars and hearths, especially the Agnicayana
19.-21.: Sautramani, a ritual originally counteracting the effects of excessive Soma-drinking
22.-25.: Ashvamedha ( poison injected with queens having sex with a dead horse’s phallus )
26.-29.: supplementary formulas for various rituals
30.-31.: Purushamedha
32.-34.: Sarvamedha
35.: Pitriyajna
36.-39.: Pravargya
40.: the final adhyaya is the famous Isha Upanishad.

The Shukla Yajurveda has two branches: Vajasaneyi Madhyandiniya & Vajasaneyi Kanva.
Vajasaneyi Madhyandiniya is originally of Mithila and Vajasaneyi Kanva is of originally Kosala.

Sri Shukla Yajur Veda originally had 15 Sakhas out of which only two Sakhas or branches, called Madyandina and Kanva Sakhas are available at present . 

The Vedic rituals of the Ranganathaswamy Temple at Srirangam, the second biggest temple in India, are performed according to the Kanva shakha ( Shulka ) .

Madyandina Saha was used by the north India fake mutts while Kanva Sakha is used in South India’s FAKE mutts. Today even Zakir Naik quotes from Yajur Veda to ridicule Hindus.

Adi Shankaracharya had taken the original YAJUR VEDA from the Kerala namboodiris and deposited it in the librarby of the original Sringeri Mutt 4000 years ago--.

The North India ( white ) versus South India ( black ) divide by an immoral DIVIDE introduced by the white invader.

They even made Yagnavalkya , an avatar of Vishnu.

So what are the splinter groups?

Madhyandina Yajurveda: for North India- Pakistan, Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Punjab, Bihar, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Gujarat , Maharashtra ,, West Bengal, Assam, Nepal. This branch includes Madhyandina Samhita, Madhyandina Shatapatha Brahmana, Ishavasya Upanishad and Brihadaranyaka Upanishad.

Kanva Yajurveda: for Nepal, HP, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu, and Andhra Pradesh. Orissa party has a different text.

Charaka Yajurveda: for Maharashtra, adjacent parts of Madhya Pradesh, Assam, Gujarat, Uttar Pradesh. They now follow Maitrayani YV shakha, as the white invader took texts away .

Maitrayani Yajurveda: for Gujarat, Maharashtra and Rajasthan
Kathaka Yajurveda: Kashmir, Punjab and HP

Charayaniya Katha Yajurveda: for Kashmir.

Kapisthala Katha Yajurveda: for Punjab and, Gujarat.

Jabala Yajurveda: Maharashra and Gujarat

Taittiriya Yajurveda: South India . The Taittiriyas are splintered into numerous sub-schools. 

Baudhayana and Apastamba were found all over South India , Hiranyakeshins in Konkan and Western Maharashtra. The Vaikhanasas around Tirupati and Chennai. The Vadhulas in Kerala and Tamil Nadu. The Agniveshyas, in Kerala and Tamil Nadu

Kauthuma Shukla Yajurveda: Gujarat, Maharashtra, Tamil Nadu , Kerala, Karnataka, Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, West Bengal (tradition has been revived recently).

Ranayaniya Shukla Yajurveda: Orissa, Maharashtra, Karnataka ,Uttar Pradesh and Rajasthan.

Jaiminiya/Talavakara Shukla Yajurveda: Kerala and Tamil Nadu Brahmins.

Shatyayaniya Shukla Yajurveda: Tamil Nadu.

Gautama Shukla Yajurveda: Tamil Nadu, Andhra Pradesh.

Bhallavi Shukla Yajurveda: Karnataka.

Other Shakhas of Yajurveda: A text called 'Yajurvedavriksha' gives the geographical distribution of more than 100 Shakhas of Yajurveda.

THE FAKE MUTTS OF ROTHSCHILD HAD A MERRY TIME.

The white invader even introduces different pronounciations – for example the North Indian Brahmins pronounce the syllable ष as ख.

The white invader introduces difference in TIME. The Shukla Yajurvedis are classified into two groups called the Madhyandins and the Kanavas. These IDIOTS perform Sandhya Vandana at noon. 

Well, I am getting cynical and this is NO good.

Generally the Krishna Yajurveda includes the Brahmana prose discussions mixed within the Samhita, while the Shukla Yajurveda has separately a Brahmana text, the Shatapatha Brahmana.

Shukla Yajurveda is also known as Vajasaneya Yajurveda, because it was evolved in great rapidity by Sun who was in the form of a horse through his manes .The rhythm of recital of these vedas is set to the rhythm of the horse gallop . 

In Sanskrit, term "Vaji" means horse. Yajnavalkya divided s Vajasaneya Yajurveda again into fifteen branches, each branch comprising hundreds of Yajus Mantras.

According to the Mahabhasya of Patanjali, there were 21 shakhas of Rigveda, 9 of Atharvaveda, 101 of Yajurveda , and 1000 varieties of chanting of Samaveda. 

Only 20 or so Shakhas of the Vedas are extant now, we do possess names of most of the lost Shakhas of the Rigveda, Yajurveda and Atharvaveda.

Fragments of many of the lost shakhas are also available as quotations in ancient works. For the Samaveda, we do not have more than 40 names extant.

Imagine the damage done by the VULGAR white invader to Hinduism.

The immoral white invader did NOT even leave the 6000 year old Ayurvedic text  Charaka Samhita UN sodomised.    He INJECTED POISON  over brandy and cigars , that Ayurveda prescribes BEEF as a medicine for various diseases.   And the LARD of the beef is prescribed for debility and rheumatism.  

TEE HEEEEE !  

Hey, I have just sprouted long ears !! 


The white invaded tom tommed that Buddha rejected animal sacrifice when none existed.  Buddha criticized Ashwamedha horse sacrifice as a bad practice.  

Well sorry to tell Buddha and his white invader sponsors this  —

ASHWAMEDHA SACRIFICE DID NOT INVOLVE BLOOD.    

IT WAS A VOTE OF CONFIDENCE WHERE A WHITE HORSE SET FREE BY THE EMPEROR RAN AROUND HIS OWN  KINGDOM AND NEIGHBOURING KINGDOMS .   

IF THIS HORSE WAS NOT CAPTURED, THEN THE SOLDIERS WENT HOME TO THEIR FAMILIES FOR LOMG LASTING PEACE .

IN FACT THE FAKE LUV/KUSH TWIN SONS OF LORD RAMA CAPTURES THE HORSE CHALLENGING THEIR FATHERS AUTHORITY.

Asura King Mahabali of Kerala did the Ashwamedha yagam and made the devas terribly nervous .

Below: The richest and most beautiful nation on this planet KERALA was never captured by foreign forces due to the Kalari martial arts tradition .  The French branch of Rothschild gave rockets and long range cannons to Tipu Sultan to blast the Kerala temple vaults ( gold ) , and for the first time Kerala came under alien rule .  Today the Italian waitress and hey chamcha Salman Khurshid are trying to establish that "freedom fighter" Tipu Sultan invented rockets (sic !).



And all these stories of Hindu kings like FAKE Ashoka getting disillusioned with BAAAD BAAAD Hindusim ( due to human / animal sacrifices ) and converting to GOODIE GOOOD Buddhism are cooked up stories by the immoral white invader over brandy and cigars.  

Ashoka never existed.



Punch into Google search -
CHANAKYA , THE TAXILA UNIVERSITY PROFESSOR WHO BECAME A KINGMAKER  VADAKAYIL


The white man tom tommed that Adi Shankaracharya prevented Hindus from converting to Buddhism by reviving Hinduism.

Sorry, Adi Shankaracharya was born in 2000 BC ,  before Buddha.

Islamic historians have documented that Babur, the first Mughal emperor, in his will to his son Humayun, advised him to respect the cow and avoid cow slaughter if he wished to rule peacefully.


The white invader has managed to sustain animal sacrifice ( caru ) in Bali . Dutch East India Company established themselves in Bali in 1602.  

Today single Western women love to go to Bali ( alone ) to have sex with  'Kuta Cowboys',  gigolos.  Bali is also a head office for white pedophiles from all over the world. 

In 19 February 2013, government officials announced measures to combat pedophilia in Bali.  

These displaced pedophiles are now afforded VISA ON ARRIVAL by the Narendra Modi Govt  -- a darling govt of the Zionists. 

If BRICS has to break down it will be India under Narendra Modi who will break it down.

The white invader let his imagination run riot.  He even arranges an annual sacrificial slaughter of up to –hold your breath- turtles in Bengal.   The Bengal universities has all R stooge vice chancellors who allowed animal sacrifice in university campuses on Mahanavami after the morning puja .  If they do NOT comply they stood to lose their cushy jobs.

In Jewish ritual, every Kosher sacrifice required sanctification (ḥakdashah), and was to be brought into the court of the sanctuary (haḳrabah).   The animal cannot have a blemish or broken bones.   The four stages of Jewish sacrifice slaughter (sheḥiṭah), receiving the blood (ḳabbalah) carrying the blood to the alter (holakah) sprinkling the blood (zeriḳah).

These are the guys who show FAKE horror to the non-existent animal sacrifices in Vedic literature.  

Raja Ram Mohan Roy was an Opium drug runner , who did massive damage to Hinduism.

Punch int Google search  -


THE OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL

Let a white tourist ask any Hindu to respond spontaneously to this question:  What are the two most holy things in your religion?  

Chances are the first two responses will be the holy Vedas written down in 5000 BC and the HUMPED vedic cow.

We have been cheated off our HUMPED vedic cow which gave nutritious A2 milk.   The switch was made by Kerala Syrian Jew nay Christian Verghese Kurian from my hometown Calicut.   Kurian is the darling of your BENAMI main stream media - they call him the father of the WHITE REVOLUTION .

Today we Indians get only toxic A1 milk of HUMPLESS cows .  

The white men now drinks A2 milk of our HUMPED Vedic cows .

Our PM Narendra Modi cant stop singing the praises of his GUJJU Amul milk factory and his GUJJU milk marketing federation which churns out only TOXIC A1 milk of western HUMPLESS cow . 

Modi saab you are now the PM of India - NOT the CM of Gujarat .   High time to leave GUJJU stuff behind .

Punch into Google search -
NUTRITIOUS A2 MILK OF VEDIC COWS WITH HUMP VERSUS TOXIC A1 MILK OF HUMPLESS WESTERN COWS VADAKAYIL

The urine of HUMPED vedic cow can prevent and cure lots of diseases . This is why we Indians hold the vedic HUMPED cow as holy .

Punch into Google search -
GOMUTRA , DRINKING COW’S URINE AS AN ELIXIR VADAKAYIL

We Indians are NOT stupid to kill our cows .

Ever since we started using western artificial chemical laden fertilisers , our lakes and water bodies have started dying.

Punch into Google search –

VANISHING LAKES , RAIN WATER HARVESTING , RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS VADAKAYIL


The immoral white invader painted Manu as an EVIL man to drive fissures into Hinduism, to DIVIDE AND RULE . 

The white man poison injected Manu Smriti. 

Here is a small example - Ch 5 which deals with food.

"To perform sacrifices Brahmins may kill sanctioned animals and birds, as also to feed their dependants ... for at the ancient sacrifices of seers and the Soma offerings ... the sacrificial cakes were prepared with the meat of permitted animals and birds." (5.22-23)

´He may eat meat when it is sacrificially consecrated, at the behest of Brahmins, when he is ritually commissioned according to rule...(5.27).

´There is no fault in eating meat ... that is the natural activity of creatures. (5.56).

ALL FOUL LIES !

MANU WAS A NOBLE MAHARISHI INCAPABLE OF BEING A BIGOT .

Manu Smriti is one of the foremost documents on Hindu dharma. 

The white Christian invader injected poison into this noble and graceful document, for immoral purposes of “divide and rule” and conversions of disgruntled Hindu low castes  into Christianity.

They injected falsehoods that Manu wrote that Shudras  ( low caste dalits ) are made from the feet of god,  while brahmins ( upper caste ) have been made from the head,  the Kshatriyas ( warriors ) from the arms and vaishyas ( skilled labour and traders ) from the thighs.

Absolutely ridiculous things were injected by the vulgar white man with the help of stooges like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar-- like   -

” If a shudra listens to the Vedas molten lead should be poured into his ears “ .

Hey you white CHOOTS - why not molten copper up his a$$hole.

Why this partiality to lead ? 

Pray? 

Prithee ?

TEEE HEEEEE !!!


Swami Vivekananda gave in to the white man and announced in writing that ancient Hindus used to eat meat. 

He wrote:- 
"You will be astonished if I tell you that, according to the old ceremonials, he is not a good Hindu who does not eat beef. On certain occasions he must sacrifice a bull and eat it."   -The complete works of Swami Vivekananda, Volume 3, Pg 536 

Capt Ajit Vadakayil tells this   - When Swami Vivekananda did NOT understand Hinduism, or when he could NOT even translate the Nasadiya Sukta of Rig Veda properly - what do you expect ? 

I leave it here  -- we need some Hindu heroes , right ?  See I am forced to tell  this . If the Gadhimai animal slaughter did NOT take place yesterday ( 5000 animals ) I would not even be revealing this . 

Why do you think I started this blog site ? 

Today I have revealed 2.2% .



Above : This video was taken yesterday ! 


Can we expect Modi to even say a word on TV condemning this animal sacrifice in Hindu temples ?

- for we Hindus are now confused , if Narendra Modi is indeed a Hindu at all -- never mind all his high profile Ganga aartis !

Or will Narendra Modi continue praying to BR Ambedkar and Gandhi the moment he sees cameras around ?

So all this is ACCHE DIN for Hindus , right ?



WANNA KNOW TO WHAT GREAT EXTENT THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER HAS LABORED TO INJECT POISON INTO THE RIG VEDA ( NOT KNOWING THAT RIG VEDA IS NOT MEANT TO CONTAIN SUCH STUFF )

CHECK THIS BULLSH#T OUT   -


"There was a time in this very India when, without eating beef, no Brahmin could remain a Brahmin;"

Aitareya Brahman of the Rigveda as follows:

"6. …Turn the animal's feet northwards. Make its eyes go to the Sun, dismiss its breath to the wond, its life to the space, its hearing to the directions, its body to the earth. In this way the Hotar (priest) connets it with these world. Take of the entire skin without cutting it. Before opening the navel tear out the omentum. Stop its breathing within (by stopping its mouth). Thus the Hotar puts breath in the animals. Make of its breast a piece like an eagle, of its arms (two pieces like) two hatchets, of its forearms (two pieces like) two spikes, of its shoulders (two pieces like) two kashyapas (tortoises), its loins should be unbroken (entire); make of its thigs (two pieces like) two shields, of the two kneepans (two pieces like) two oleander leaves; take out its twenty-six ribs according to their order; preserve every limb of its in its integrity. Thus he benefits all its limbs. Dig a ditch in the earth to hide its excrements.

7. Present the evil spirits with the blood."

[Aitareya Brahman, Book 2, para 6 and 7]

Subsequently, the same Aitareya Brahman instructing on how to distribute different parts of the sacrificial animal says,

"Now follows the division of the different parts of the sacrificial animal (among the priests). We shall describe it. The two jawbones with the tongue are to be given to the Prastotar; the breast in the form of an eagle to the Udgatar; the throat with the palate to the Pratihartar; the lower part of the right loins to the Hotar; the left to the Brahma; the right thigh to the Maitravaruna; the left to the Brahmanuchhamsi; the right side with the shoulder to the Adhvaryu; the left side to those who accompany the chants; the left shoulder to the Pratipasthatar; the lower part of the right arm to the Neshtar; the lower part of the left arm to the Potar; the upper part of the right thigh to the Achhavaka; the left to the Agnidhra; the upper part of the right arm to the Aitreya; the left to the Sadasya; the back bone and the urinal bladder to the Grihapati (sacrificer); the right feet to the Grihapati who gives a feasting; the left feet to the wife of that Grihapati who gives a feasting; the upper lip is common to both, which is to be divided by the Grihapati. They offer the tail of the animal to wives, but they should give it to a Brahmana; the fleshy processes (maanihah) on the neck and three gristles (kikasaah) to the Grahvastut; three other gristles and one half of the fleshy part on the back (vaikartta) to the Unnetar; the other half of the fleshy part on the neck and the left lobe (Kloma) to the Slaughterer (Shamita), who should present it to a Brahmana, if he himself would not happen to be a Brahmana. The head is to be given to the Subrahmanya, the skin belongs to him (the Subrahmanya), who spoke, Svaah Sutyam (to morrow at the Soma Sacriice); that part of the sacrificial animal at a Soma sacrifice which beloings to Ilaa (sacrificial food) is common to all the priests; only for the Hotar it is optional.

All these portions of the sacrificial animal amount to thirty-six single pieces, each of which represents the paada (foot) of a verse by which the sacrifice is carried up…"

"To those who divide the sacrificial animal in the way mentioned, it becomes the guide to heaven (Swarga). But those who make the division otherwise are like scoundrels and miscreants who kill an animal merely."

"This division of the sacrificial animal was invented by Rishi Devabhaaga, a son of Srauta.  When he was departing from this life, he did not entrust (the secret to anyone).   But a supernatural being communicated it to Girija,the son of Babhru.    Since his time men study it."

[Aitareya Brahman, Book 7, Para 1, Translated by Martin Haug]

TEE HEEEE ! 

WHAT A WASTE OF TIME AND EFFORT !! 


Yajna never meant animal sacrifice in the sense popularly understood.    Yajna in the Vedas meant a noble deed or the highest purifying action.


However in The 'Practical Sanskrit English Dictionary' by Chitpavan Jew nay Brahmin V. S. Apte (1890) gives the following meaning of 'Ashwa-medha'


"A Yajna in which a Horse is primarily sacrificed is called Ashwamedha. [Horse Sacrifice]"( SIC ! )

Check out the extent to which the white invader laboured over brandy and cigars !

QUOTE:  Vaisampayana said, 'Having cooked, according to due rites, the other excellent animals that were sacrificed, the priests then sacrificed, agreeably to the injunctions of the scriptures, that steed (which had wandered over the whole world). After cutting that horse into pieces, conformably to scriptural directions, they caused Draupadi of great intelligence, who was possessed of the three requisites of mantras, things, and devotion, to sit near the divided animal. The Brahmanas then with cool minds, taking up the marrow of that steed, cooked it duly, O chief of Bharata's race. King Yudhishthira the just, with all his younger brothers, then smelled, agreeably to the scriptures, the smoke, capable of cleansing one from every sin, of the marrow that was thus cooked. The remaining limbs, O king, of that horse, were poured into the fire by the sixteen sacrificial priests possessed of great wisdom.  BLAH    BLAH   FU#KIN' BLAH  - UNQUOTE 


Thus guests in ancient India were called 'goghna', because on their coming a cow was slaughtered to be served to them ( SIC !) .

"If a man wishes that a son should be born to him who will be a famous scholar, frequenting assemblies and speaking delightful words, a student of all the Vedas and an enjoyer of the full term of life, he should have rice cooked with the meat of a young bull or of one more advanced in years and he and his wife should eat it with clarified butter. Then they should be able to beget such a son."  POISON INJECTED BY THE IMMORAL WHITE INVADER IN  Brihadaranyak Upanishad 6/4/18 

Here is a verse attributed by the immoral white invader to Adi Shankarachrya :- "Odan' (rice) mixed with meat is called 'Mansodan'.  On being asked whose meat it should be, he answers 'Uksha'.  'Uksha' is used for an ox, which is capable to produce semen.  Or the meat should be of a 'Rishabh'.  'Rishabh' is a bull more advanced in years than an 'Uksha'."

The white invader did NOT spare the Pitru Paksha Shraadh .
QUOTE Bhishma said, "With fishes offered at Sraddhas, the Pitris remain gratified for a period of two months.  With mutton they remain gratified for three months and with the flesh of the hare for four.  With the flesh of the goat, O king, they remain gratified for five months, with bacon for six months, and with the flesh of birds for seven.  With venison obtained from those deer that are called Prishata, they remain gratified for eight months, and with that obtained from the Ruru for nine months, and with the meat of the Gavaya for ten months.  With the meat of the buffalo their gratification lasts for eleven months.  With beef presented at the Sraddha, their gratification, it is said, lasts for a full year.  Payasa mixed with ghee is as much acceptable to the Pitris as beef. With the meat of the Vadhrinasa the gratification of the Pitris lasts for twelve years. The flesh of the rhinoceros, offered to the Pitris on the anniversaries of the lunar days on which they died, becomes inexhaustible. BLAH   BLAH  FU#KIN” BLAH   -UNQUOTE 

QUOTE:  "And in days of yore, O Brahmana, two thousand animals used to be killed every day in the kitchen of king Rantideva; and in the same manner two thousand cows were killed every day; and, O best of regenerate beings, king Rantideva acquired unrivalled reputation by distributing food with meat every day. BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH "- UNQUOTE 

QUOTE :  Manu Smriti 5/35 mentions,  "But a man who, being duly engaged (to officiate or to dine at a sacred rite), refuses to eat meat, becomes after death an animal during twenty-one existences. BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH " UNQUOTE --   BAAAP  RE !

QUOTE :  "Cow meat is beneficial in curing breathing problems, Ozaena, Ague, dry cough, fatigue, diseases due to burns and marasmus.BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH "-[Charaka Samhita, Sutra Sthaanam, 27/79-80] UNQUOTE 

QUOTE : "A person of magnanimous heart who eats meat along with a wine named as 'Maadhveek', is quickly relieved of tuberculosis BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH .  Charaka Samhita, Chikitsa Sathaanam 8/165 UNQUOTE 


 QUOTE :  "Meat of a peacock, patridge, rooster, goose, swine, camel, donkey, cow and buffalo is beneficial for developing one's body. BLAH BLAH FU#KIN BLAH "  Charak Samhita Sutra 158 :UNQUOTE 

Quote : Acharya Ramanuja also has written a very famed commentary on the Brahma Sutras called 'Sri Bhasya'.   Commenting on the same Sutra 25 he writes,  "Scripture declares that the killing of sacrificial animals makes them to go up to the heavenly world, and therefore is not of the nature of harm. This is declared in the text, 'The animal killed at the sacrifice having assumed a divine body goes to the heavenly world'; 'with a golden body it ascends to the heavenly world.' An action which is the means of supreme exaltation is not of the nature of harm, even if it involves some little pain; it rather is of beneficial nature." BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH : UNQUOTE

QUOTE :  "Yajna is good for everyone, and no one is injured. The animals who are sacrificed, also gain ultimate good. The ancestors say, "the animals that are sacrificed in the Yajna, obtain the higher worlds  BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH "  :   Rigveda 1/1/4 :UNQUOTE 

QUOTE In the Ashwamedha Yagna 600 animals were killed, and its finalé was the sacrifice of 21 cows. ( some bullshit Gopatha Brahma 1.5.7) UNQUOTE

QUOTE:  “He (the priest) consecrates him (the sacrificer) by sprinkling him with the fat gravy of the sacrificial animals, for the gravy of the animals means excellence … But that gravy is also the highest kind of food: with the highest kind of food he thus sprinkles him. There are hoof-cups (of gravy) for on hoofs cattle support themselves: he thus causes him to obtain such a support…BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH ”:UNQUOTE 

QUOTE :  Animal sacrifice in the Soma ceremony. We join the sacrificer’s wife and the adhvaryu priest after the animal has been"quietened" : “They turn the victim over so it lies on its back … the animal is then cut and when the omentum is pulled out it is heated on the cooking fire … then after the basting of the heart of the animal with clotted ghee … then portions are made from various parts of the body BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’  BLAH  …UNQUOTE ” (B 3.8.2-4) 

QUOTE :  At the ancient sacrifices of seers and the Soma offerings … the sacrificial cakes were prepared with the meat of permitted animals and birds. (Manu Smriti 5.22-23) “He may eat meat when it is sacrificially consecrated, at the behest of Brahmins, when he is ritually commissioned according to rule…” (5.27).  And “There is no fault in eating meat … that is the natural activity of creatures.” (5.56). BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH :  UNQUOTE 

QUOTE :  “He who desires food and wishes to grow fat ought to make his Yupa of Bilva wood. For the Bilva tree bears fruits every year; it is the symbol of fertility; for it increases (every year) in size from the roots up to the branches, therefore it is a symbol of fatness. He who having such a knowledge makes his Yupa of Bilva wood, makes fat his children and cattle.BLAH BLAH FU#KIN' BLAH : UNQUOTE - BR Ambedkar ( Modi's god ) 
( Yupa is NOT a sacrificial animal tether post - it is a Yagam flag post for Lord Vishnu's Garuda )


Saala, ghode ka paaya ban raha hai ! 

TEE HEEEE !!


Imam ma himsirekashafam pashum kanikradam vaajinam vaajineshu


Do not slaughter this one hoofed animal that neighs and who goes with a speed faster than most of the animals.-  Yajurveda 13.48  5000 BC 


Ghrtam duhaanaamaditim janaayaagne maa himsiheeh


Do not kill cows and bulls who always deserve to be protected. Yajurveda 13.49


"O Agni, don't harm this our cow, the giver of thousands of comforts, the source of immense milk, yielding butter for the people.   Let the enemy whom we hate be harmed by you."  Yajurveda 13/48 


“For the brahmin, everyday was a beef-stake day.” (From Dr. B.R Ambedkar’s 1948 work “The Untouchables…)   



 THIS QUOTE IS TRUE-   THIS  IS THE MAN OUR HINDU MESSIAH  NARENDRA MODI STARTS PRAYING TO,  AS SOON AS HE SEES A CAMERA ! 


QUOTE “  That the Aryans of the Rig Veda did kill cows for purposes of food and ate beef is abundantly clear from the Rig Veda itself.   In Rig Veda (X. 86.14) Indra says: “They cook for one 15 plus twenty oxen”.   The Rig Veda (X.91.14) says that for Agni were sacrificed horses, bulls, oxen, barren cows and rams.   From the Rig Veda (X.72.6) it appears that the cow was killed with a sword or axe  .That the Hindus at one time did kill cows and did eat beef is proved abundantly by the description of the Yajnas given in the Buddhist Sutras which relate to periods much later than the Vedas and the Brahmanas. The scale on which the slaughter of cows and animals took place was colossal.   In the Samyuta Nikaya (111,1-9) we have another description of a Yajna performed by Pasenadi, king of Kosala.  It is said that five hundred bulls, five hundred calves and many heifers, goats and rams were led to the pillar to be sacrificed.   With this evidence no one can doubt that there was a time when Hindus-both Brahmins and non-Brahmins ate not only flesh but also beef.  Coming to Manu there is no doubt that he too did. not prohibit the slaughter of the cow. On the other hand he made the eating of cow's flesh on certain occasions obligatory.     ---UNQUOTE .  NARENDRA  MODIs GOD AND R STOOGE BR AMBEDKAR 


Manu Smriti V. 42. A twice-born man who, knowing the true meaning of the Veda, slays an animal for these purposes, causes both himself and the animal to enter a most blessed state.- BR Ambedkar invention .

Manu Smriti V. 39. Swayambhu (the self-existent) himself created animals for the sake of sacrifices; sacrifices (have been instituted) for the good of this whole (world); hence the slaughtering (of beasts) for sacrifice is not slaughtering (in the ordinary sense of the word). BR Ambedkar invention .


Manu did not regard the cow as a sacred animal. On the other hand, he regarded it as an impure animal whose touch caused ceremonial pollution.-  BR Ambedkar invention .


Manu had no objection to the eating of the cow's flesh.  Manu did not make the killing of the cow an offence. Manu divides sins into two classes (i) mortal sins and (ii) minor sins. Among the minor sins Manu includes:  XI. 60. Killing the cow-  BR Ambedkar invention .

According to Manu cow-killing was only a minor sin. It was reprehensible only if the cow was killed without good and sufficient reason. Even if it was otherwise, it was not heinous or inexplicable. The same was the attitude of Yajnavalkya.   All this proves that for generations the Brahmins had been eating beef. -  BR Ambedkar invention .

The Vedanta Sutra which proclaims the doctrine of oneness of life does not prohibit the killing of animals for sacrificial purposes as is evident from 11.1.28.  In the second place, if the transformation was due to the desire to realise the ideal of Advaita then there is no reason why it should have stopped with the cow.  It should have extended to all other animals.-- BR Ambedkar invention 

 The Brahadamyaka Upanishad upholds the doctrine of transmigration (vi.2) and yet recommends that if a man desires to have a learned son born to him he should prepare a mass of the flesh of the bull or ox or of other flesh with rice and ghee. - BR Ambedkar invention 

Buddhism was at one time the religion of the majority of the people of India. It continued to be the religion of the masses for hundreds of years. It attacked Brahmanism on all sides as no religion had done before.  Brahmanism was on the wane and if not on the wane, it was certainly on the defensive. As a result of the spread of Buddhism, the Brahmins had lost all power and prestige at the Royal Court and among the people. They were smarting under the defeat they had suffered at the hands of Buddhism and were making all possible efforts to regain their power and prestige. Buddhism had made so deep an impression on the minds of the masses and had taken such a hold of them that it was absolutely impossible for the Brahmins to fight the Buddhists except by accepting their ways and means and practising the Buddhist creed in its extreme form. After the death of Buddha his followers started setting up the images of the Buddha and building stupas. The Brahmins followed it. They, in their turn, built temples and installed in them images of Shiva, Vishnu and Ram and Krishna etc – all with the object of drawing away the crowd that was attracted by the image worship of Buddha. That is how temples and images which had no place in Brahmanism came into Hinduism. The Buddhists rejected the Brahmanic religion which consisted of Yajna and animal sacrifice, particularly of the cow. The objection to the sacrifice of the cow had taken a strong hold of the minds of the masses especially as they were an agricultural population and the cow was a very useful animal. The Brahmins in all probability had come to be hated as the killer of cows in the same way as the guest had come to be hated as Gognha, the killer of the cow by the householder, because whenever he came a cow had to be killed in his honour. That being the case, the Brahmins could do nothing to improve their position against the Buddhists except by giving up the Yajna as a form of worship and the sacrifice of the cow.  BR Ambedkar invention -nay- uska rangeen sapne !

That the object of the Brahmins in giving up beef-eating was to snatch away from the Buddhist Bhikshus the supremacy they had acquired is evidenced by the adoption of vegetarianism by Brahmins.    Why did the Brahmins become vegetarian? The answer is that without becoming vegetarian the Brahmins could not have recovered the ground they had lost to their rival namely Buddhism. In this connection it must be remembered that there was one aspect in which Brahmanism suffered in public esteem as compared to Buddhism. That was the practice of animal sacrifice which was the essence of Brahmanism and to which Buddhism was deadly opposed. That in an agricultural population there should be respect for Buddhism and revulsion against Brahmanism which involved slaughter of animals including cows and bullocks is only natural. What could the Brahmins do to recover the lost ground?  To go one better than the Buddhist Bhikshus not only to give up meat-eating but to become vegetarians- which they did.   BR Ambedkar invention -nay- uska rangeen sapne ! 

As the Buddhist Bhikshus did eat meat the Brahmins had no reason to give it up. Why then did the Brahmins give up meat-eating and become vegetarians? It was because they did not want to put themselves merely on the same footing in the eyes of the public as the Buddhist Bhikshus.----BR Ambedkar's delusions 

The brahmins wanted to oust the Buddhists from the place of honour and respect which they had acquired in the minds of the masses by their opposition to the killing of the cow for sacrificial purposes. To achieve their purpose the Brahmins had to adopt the usual tactics of a reckless adventurer. It is to beat extremism with extremism. It is the strategy which all rightists use to overcome the leftists. The only way to beat the Buddhists was to go a step further and be vegetarians.-- BR Ambedkar's delusions 

If you want to destroy a society, destroy its history and the society will get destroyed automatically. – Dr. B.R. Ambedkar

Dr. B.R.Ambedkar’s views on the Vedas:--

“Now the Brahmins have left no room for doubt, for they have propounded a most mischievous dogma which the Brahmins have spread among the masses, is the dogma of the infallibility of the Vedas. The Vedas are a worthless set of books. There is no reason either to call them sacred or infallible.  Nobody has had the courage to ask why these worthless books which contain nothing but invocation to tribal gods to destroy the enemies, loot their property and give it to their followers, have been made sacred and infallible. But the time has come when the Hindu mind must be freed from the hold which the silly ideas propagated by the Brahmins, are on them. Without this liberation India has no future. I have undertaken this task knowing full well what risk it involves. I am not afraid of consequences. I shall be happy if I succeed in stirring the masses”


SIR Ambedkar  had found out the hard way that Hinduism is so deeply rooted that it cannot be destroyed. 



Punch into Google search -
CNN-IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI  VADAKAYIL


YAJURVEDA HAS BEEN IN KERALA FROM 4000 BC WHEN LORD PARASHURAMA BROUGHT IT WITH HIM .  IN 2000 BC YAJURVEDA WAS TRANSFERRED TO SRINGERI MUTT .  

THE KERALA NAMBOODIRIS HAVE BEEN YAJURVEDIS  ADEPT IN ALL VEDIC RITUALS .

WE IN KERALA KNOW BETTER !

GONE ARE THE DAYS WHEN A WHITE SKINNED INDOPHILE ( WOLF IN SHEEP'S CLOTHING ) CAN FLY IN TO CALICUT ( MY HOMETOWN ) ,  STAY AT TAJ HOTEL,  TAKE A CHEAP LOCAL TOURIST GUIDE FOR TWO DAYS  TO SCOUT AROUND , FLY OUT AND THEN BECOME AN EXPERT ON CALICUT  -  BETTER THAN CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL WHO WAS BORN THERE .

Aghnyaa yajamaanasya pashoonpahi
“O human! animals are Aghnya – not to be killed. Protect the animals”   Yajurveda 1.1



Sattva food ( devoid of meat ) increases the duration of life, purifies one’s existence and gives strength, health, happiness and satisfaction… Such foods are wholesome and pleasing to the heart           – Bhagavad Gita,  17.8




Vedic society was a strictly vegetarian society because a vegetarian diet is conducive to higher spiritual realization.    Meat eating is THE the greatest obstacles on the path of spiritual progress.  

White tourists come to India for liberation. They convert to vegans for a couple of weeks .  It is then they realize that bondage and liberation are states of mind.   They realize the state that liberates the spirit from the illusion of bondage and suffering.

Beyond the intellect is a subtler level from which our power of will arises. Human consciousness and human behavior are nothing but the states and activities of these various bodies of vibrating energy.  Toxic energies can also manifest as physical illnesses or defects.   

Meat is  toxic to the body. Their ingestion creates negative energies. On the other hand, fruits, vegetables, and grains are reservoirs of pure, basic life energies which are very light and malleable. 

These energies are easily assimilated into all our bodies and made to take on our specific, unique life vibrations and karmic patterns.  Being vegan facilitates spiritual growth and the expansion of consciousness.


There is a true correlation between our food choices and violence in the world.  The only person who would disagree with that is a meat-eater.    

Since these meat eating, single holy book,  burial religions came , has this planet known any peace ?   
No chemical carcinogen is nearly so important in causing human cancer as animal protein.  Meat brings out negative qualities such as fear, anger, ingratitude , anxiety, aggressiveness.

“Mind consists of food. That which is the subtle part of milk moves upward when the milk is churned and becomes butter. In the same manner, the subtle part of the food that is eaten moves upward and becomes mind. Thus, mind consists of food” (Chandogya Upanishad 6.5.4, 6.6.1,2,5). -



Ahimsa  means kindness and non-violence towards all living things including animals;  it respects living beings as a unity, and includes the belief that all living things are connected.

This is very different from Illuminati agent  Gandhi’s ahimsa where he recruited 13 lakh Indian soldiers for the first World War ( to create the state of Israel ) and reminded his recruits to kill only the Germans and NOT the white invader who robbed India blind.



"What need there be said of those innocent and healthy creatures endued with love of life, when they are sought to be slain by sinful wretches subsisting by slaughter? For this reason, O monarch, know that the discarding of meat is the highest refuge of religion, of heaven, and of happiness. Abstention from injury is the highest religion. It is, again, the highest penance. It is also the highest truths from which all duty proceeds. Flesh cannot be had from grass or wood or stone. Unless a living creature is slain, it cannot be had. Hence is the fault in eating flesh... That man who abstains from meat, is never put in fear, O king, by any creature. All creatures seek his protection. He never causes any anxiety in others, and himself has never to become anxious. If there were nobody who ate flesh there would then be nobody to kill living creatures. The man who kills living creatures kill them for the sake of the person who eats flesh. If flesh were regarded as inedible, there would then be no slaughter of living creatures. It is for the sake of the eater that the slaughter of living creatures goes on in the world. Since, O thou of great splendour, the period of life is shortened of persons who slaughter living creatures or cause them to be slaughtered, it is clear that the person who wishes his own good should give up meat entirely... The purchaser of flesh performs himsa [violence] by his wealth; he who eats flesh does so by enjoying its taste; the killer does himsa by actually tying and killing the animal. Thus, there are three forms of killing. He who brings flesh or sends for it, he who cuts off the limbs of an animal, and he who purchases, sells, or cooks flesh and eats it—all of these are to be considered meat-eaters." (Mahabharata 13.115-4000 BC )



"Those sinful persons who are ignorant of actual religious principles, yet consider themselves to be completely pious, without compunction commit violence against innocent animals who are fully trusting in them. In their next lives, such sinful persons will be eaten by the same creatures they have killed in this world." (Bhagavata Purana 11.5.14)

"A person fully aware of religious principles should never offer anything like meat, eggs or fish , and even if one is a Kshatriya (warrior), he himself should not eat such things." (Bhagavata Purana 7.15.7)




अनुमन्‍ता विशसिता निहन्‍ता क्रयविक्रयी ।
संस्‍कर्ता चोपहर्ता च खादकश्‍चेति घातका: ।। – मनुस्‍मृति ५.५१

Meaning: One who promotes or supports non-vegetarianism, the butcher, one who sells or purchases meat, the one who cooks it, serves it or consumes it, are all destructive / vicious in nature.- Manusmriti
  

य: अहिंसकानि भूतानि हिनस्‍ति आत्‍मसुखेच्‍छया ।
स जीवंश्‍च मृतश्‍चैव न क्‍वचित्‌ सुखमेधते ।। – मनुस्‍मृति ५.५४

Meaning: One who slaughters non-violent, helpless animals for his own happiness never attains happiness when alive and even after death.- Manusmriti

यो बंधनवधक्‍लेशान्‍प्राणिनां न चिकीर्षति ।
स सर्वस्‍य हितप्रेप्‍सु: सुखम्‌ अत्‍यंतम्‌ अश्‍नुते ।। – मनुस्‍मृति ५.४६

Meaning: One who does not have a desire to shackle and slaughter animals, becomes the well-wisher of animals and acquires infinite happiness.  Manusmriti


Christianity refers to Jesus as the ultimate sacrifice, referring to him as ‘lamb’ many times. ‘Eid-ul-Adha’ honours the Sacrifice of Ismail, wherein the faith of Abraham was tested by asking him to sacrifice his son.  In Hinduism we have NO such sacrifice compulsions – PERIOD !

The white invader made the temple priests sacrifice goats with a with a single bite on its thorat.  It still happens at Durajpally, Warangal in Andhra Pradesh.    

In another Jatara in Andhra Pradesh people carry baby goats up a hill top , bite through their throats and pull out their tongues and then throw the suffering mutilated baby down the hill where it lies with thousands of others in vast pools of blood choking to death. The white invader started this FOUL sacrifice .



Narendra Modi promised to give dignity back to Hindus after 800 years of humiliation , as a poll plank  - we are still waiting !.  


I do hope Modi understands the meaning of dignity  .  


All we can see BJP doing is to fight daily with Muslims , for vote banks polarization ,  and Narendra Modi praising people who have insulted Hinduism every day of their adult lives, again for votes  .

“Abstention from cruelty is the highest Religion. Abstention from cruelty is the greatest self-restraint. Abstention from cruelty is the highest gift. Abstention from cruelty is the highest penance. Abstention from cruelty is the highest sacrifice. Abstention from cruelty is the highest power. Abstention from cruelty is the greatest friend. Abstention from cruelty is the greatest happiness. (Mahabharata  116.38-39) 4000 BC

“You must not use your God-given body for killing God’s creatures, whether they are human, animal or whatever” (Yajur Veda, 12.32).

Humped Vedic cow dung and ghee is a necessary ingredient for Agnihotra rituals whose main aim is to produce Nitric Oxide.  

People smirk when I say the West has lifted everything from the 7000 year old Indian Vedas after providing with a classical science veneer, right ? 

EVR Periyar, BR Ambedkar , Mahatma Phule , Dr Dabholkar  and their ilk had branded Agnihotra as a PAGAN superstition  .

In the field of medical research, N-O is being researched for its many benefits, including helping the body:

Maintain healthy blood pressure
Support normal triglyceride levels
Enhance healthy circulation
Promote artery health
Support cardiovascular and heart health
Improve exercise endurance and performance
Support sexual performance via improved circulation

Despite being a simple molecule, NO is an important biological regulator and is therefore a fundamental component in the fields of neuroscience, physiology, and immunology. 

It was proclaimed “Molecule of the Year” in 1992.   

Research into its function led to the 1998 Nobel Prize for discovering the role of nitric oxide as a cardiovascular signalling molecule.

Tremendous amounts of scalar energy are gathered around the Agnihotra copper pyramid just at Agnihotra time. A scalar energy field is created, one which neutralizes negative energies and reinforces positive energies. 

During the Agnihotra process the smoke gathers quantum particles of harmful radiation in the atmosphere and on a very subtle level neutralizes their radioactive effect. Nothing is destroyed, merely changed.

Punch into Google search –
AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL VADAKAYIL
*********************************************************************
WE ARE HINDUS, WE ARE INDIANS, WE ARE THE PROUDEST PEOPLE ON THIS PLANET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I WANT EVERY HINDU IN INDIA AND ON THIS PLANET TO KNOW THE CONTENTS OF THIS POST  -  

MY READERS MUST LEAVE NO STONE UNTURNED TO CARRY THIS OUT  !



A POST ON TOILET PAPER OF INDIA  -

Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology
Deeptiman Tiwary,TNN | Dec 3, 2014, 10.18 PM IST




Description: Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology

BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank claimed that astrology was far ahead of science and that the latter was actually a pygmy compared to the former.

RELATED
·          
·          
·         Telangana CM K Chandrasekhar Rao to seek ‘invincible’ power to tame enemies

NEW DELHI: An apparently "non-controversial" bill passed on Wednesday in Lok Sabha became a platform for exchange of barbs and jibes between the government and opposition who sparred over Prime Minister Narendra Modi's and HRD minister Smriti Irani's alleged inclination towards mixing mythology with education.

The second half of the lower house, which saw introduction of The School of Planning and Architecture (SPA) Bill, was rocked by Congress and TMC attacking government for eroding scientific temper in the country and mixing religion with education, even as all supported the bill. The discussions were made even more interesting by a BJP MP Ramesh Pokhriyal Nishank claiming that astrology was far ahead of science and that the latter was actually a pygmy compared to the former.

In a passionate and articulate answer to the house, Irani herself retorted by saying that members were making personal attack on her and argued for a balance between education and tradition.

Ironically the discussion began with TMC MP Saugata Roy calling the bill "non-controversial" while objecting to its introduction without its inclusion in the Business Advisory Committee meeting that gave little time to members to read the bill. The first salvo was fired by Congress MP Gaurav Gogoi who was otherwise praised by one and all, including the government, for making a passionate and useful speech on the bill.

Concluding his speech Gogoi said, "It is very important in our current environment that we must promote a scientific temper in education. We are gradually seeing that this is gradually being eroded, and science is being mixed with religion and mythology. We must accord due respect and understand that there is a separation that exists."

He even accused the government of forcing IITs to turn vegetarian, a charge that Irani later denied saying it was a demand from the students who found the prices too high. "We must ensure the sovereignty of these institutes and not dictate what students should eat, whether it is vegetarian food or non-vegetarian food. We should not dictate what students should wear. I do not think by promoting vegetarian food in IITs, we are going to make sure that the IITs become the top-ranked engineering institutes."

Taking a dig PM's recent statements, Gogoi also said that he hoped the PM would respect the reality of climate change and not confuse genetic research with mythology.

TMC's Saugata Roy seemed to just take the baton from Gogoi soon after. "A scientific temper cannot be levelled up through either astrology or mythology. Science is a system which is certain and systematic. In science we say that unless something can be proved experimentally that is not accepted as truth. Now, the Prime Minister goes on saying that in ancient India Ganesha's head was attached by plastic surgery. We all worship Ganpati Baba but that does not mean that we all agree that there was plastic surgery done at that time. Similarly, if we take the Ramayana and Mahabharata seriously and if we really believe that those things existed, it would be playing truant with science," Roy said.

Taking a swipe at Irani for visiting an astrologer, Roy said, "When an HRD minister spends four hours with an astrologer, it sends a wrong signal. Please do this more privately next time."

BJP MP from Haridwar RP Nishank soon came up with the most interesting twist to the discussion. "In Discovery of India Jawaharlal Nehru has spoken eloquently about Indian traditional knowledge. Centuries ago Rishi Kanad had conducted the first nuclear test. And if Ganesha's head transplant was not plastic surgery, what was it? Astrology which can predict the future is far ahead of science. Science in fact is a pygmy compared to astrology," Nishank said to thumping of desk by BJP members.

Smriti Irani in her reply was equally passionate and obliquely expressed anguish at personal attacks on her. Maintaining the tone of house in the afternoon, she said, "Shri Roy was kind enough to accept that he did not get into the depths of the Bill and hence used his time judiciously to mount a personal attack to which I have absolutely no problems about. There was time when Albert Einstein said that science without religion is lame. Thankfully, he did not have to pass through the scrutiny of Prof. Saugata da, otherwise he would have to wonder if he was communal."

Alluding to Roy questioning Ramayana and Mahabharata, Irani said that the house had doubted existence of god itself but she was not responsible for providing any proof. He also spoke on the issue of no-German-language-in-Kendriya-vidyalaya. Reiterating her stance that she was only following the constitution where German was not an Indian language, Irani said, "I do not, in anyway, deny their contributions to the Indian political system or for that matter, the Indian educational system. But when I am accused of only upholding Sanskrit because I am saffron, I would like to remind my learned friends that I was upholding an aspect of the National Policy on Education."
Stay updated on the go with The Times of India’s mobile apps. Click here to download it for your device.




####################################








ajit vadakayil•calicut•6 mins ago
ANCIENT INDIAN MYSTIC GEOMETRY HOLDS THE THEORY OF EVERYTHING . 

punch into Google search - . . . .
SRI YANTRA ,108 AND THEORY OF EVERYTHING VADAKAYIL. . . . 

capt ajit vadakayil ..


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•13 mins ago
HERE IS ANCIENT INDIA KICKING NASA ON THEIR COLLECTIVE BAL#S .

punch into Google search -
. . . .DNA , NASA, ARSENIC AND PHOSPHORUS VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



ajit vadakayil•13 mins ago


The greatest scientist of the West stole everything from ancient indian texts .
Punch into Google search –
.   .     .  ISAAC NEWTON CALCULUS THIRF VADAKAYIL .   .   .
Capt ajit vadakayil

..


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•14 mins ago
FIBONACCI SERIES AND GOLDEN MEAN ARE STOLEN FROM SRI YANTRA AND ANCIENT INDIA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .PERFECT SIX PACK VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


0 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•17 mins ago
CONSCIOUSNESS OF THE DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT IS DESCRIBED IN OUR VEDAS .

punch into google search -
. . . .QUANTUM DOUBLE SLIT EXPERIMENT VIDEO VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



0 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•20 mins ago
MAHARISHIS FROM KERALA BUILT THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS .

punch into Google search -
. . . .SRI YANTRA AND THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


0 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•22 mins ago
QUANTUM PHYSICS IS LIFTED FROM VEDANTA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .SCHRODINGER, THE FATHER OF QUANTUM PHYSICS AND VEDANTA VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..


0 1 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•23 mins ago

JOHN DALTON STOLE HIS ATOMIC THEORY FROM ANCIENT INDIA .

punch into google search -
. . . .DALTON'S ATOMIC THEORY , SAGE KASHYAPA AND TESLA VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



0 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•26 mins ago
THE WHITE CHRISTAIN MAN RIDICULED HINDUS FOR BELEIEVING IN RE-INCARNATION CONCEPT .

BUT HEY, THE IDI0TS WILL PERSIST WITH PAST LIFE REGRESSION .

punch into Google search-

. . . .TIME REVERSAL OF BODY CELLS BY SCALAR WAVES VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•29 mins ago

IF PEOPLE RIDICULE SHIVA LINGAM AS A PEN#S OR A PHA#LUS - SO BE IT .


THIS BLACK METERORTIE STONE GAVE DNA SEED TO THIS PLANET AS PER NASA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .NASA DNA BUILDING BLOCKS IN METEORITE VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..

0 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•31 mins ago

THE NAZI SYMBOL SWASIKA IS HINDU- WITH DEEP MEANING .

punch into Google search -
. . . .POLARIS AND THE GREAT BEAR VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•34 mins ago

WE ARE PROUD TO BE HINDU .

punch into Google search -
. . . .PROUD TO BE HINDU , PROUD TO BE INDIAN VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•37 mins ago

TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION SCIENCE ( USED IN MODERN FIBRE OPTICS ) WAS LIFTED FROM ANCIENT INDIA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•38 mins ago

INDIANS FLEW AN ADVANCED MERCURY PLASMA AIRPLANE ( VIMANA ) MUCH BEFORE THE WRIGHT BROTHERS FLEW THEI PROPELLER VERISON

punch into Google search -

. . . .SHIVKUR BAPUJI TALPADE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•40 mins ago

THE STONEHENGE OF ENGLAND AND ARKAIM RUSSIA ( MUCH BIGGER ONE ) WERE MADE BY ANCIENT INDIANS ,THE DRYUHUS ( DRUIDS OF HAPPRY POTTER FAME ) .

punch into Google search -

. . .STONEHENGE OF ARKAIM RUSSIA VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 0 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•44 mins ago

THE GERMAN QUANTUM PHYSICISTS WHO WANTED TO BE CREMATED DECLARED -

SCIENCE MUST BREACH THE LAST FRONTIER OF VEDANTA TO BE COMPLETE .

punch into Google search -

. . . SCIENCE MEETS VEDANTA , THE LAST FRONTIER VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



2 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•47 mins ago

THE WHITE MAN STOLE REVERSE OSMOSIS SCIENCE FROM ANCIENT INDIA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .AYURVEDA, REVERSE OSMOSIS BATHS IN 4000 BC VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..

0 1 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•49 mins ago
THE WHITE INVADER CRIED - CHEE CHEE, THE ANCIENT INDIANS THOUGHT THAT THE WORLD WAS FLAT . 

THIS IS AFTER STEALING EVERY KNOWLEDGE OF THEIRS FROM OUR VEDAS .

punch into Google search -
. . . .HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..


1 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•52 mins ago
THE WHITE MAN LIFTED THEIR ALPHA , BETA, THETA, DELTA , GAMMA BRAIN WAVES THEORIES FROM OUR ANCIENT SCRIPTURES .

YET THEY CALLED MEDITATION SUPERSTITION .

punch into Google--

. . . . BEYOND THETA STATE TO TURIYA VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



0 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•54 mins ago
THE WHITE INVADER SAID CHEE CHEEE -

SUPERSTITIOUS INDIANS WORSHIP SNAKES .

IT WAS NOT ABOUT SNAKES  AT ALL -  BUT SNAKE GROVES WHICH HELD FANTASTIC AYURVEDIC HERBS .

TODAY ALL HERBS ARE LOST BECAUSE THE WHITE INVADER DESTROYED 6000 YEAR OLD SNAKE GROVES CREATED BY LORD PARASHURAMA .

punch into Google search -
. . . .KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•57 mins ago
KOREANS WANT TO ADOPT AYODHYA CITY .

YET OUR WAITRESS SAYS THAT RAM DID NOT EXIST .

punch into Google search -
. . . . THE KOREAN BRAHMINS, KIM HEO CLAN VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..




Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE MAYAN CALENDAR WAS INDIAN .

THE MAYAN GOD MAYA DANAVA WAS INDIAN .

THE WHITE MANs GOD WAS BRIHASPATI ( ZUES/ THOR ) , THE ARABIAN / MIDDLE EAST GOD WAS SHUKRACHARYA .

before 7000 BC, India ruled the americas .

punch into Google search -

. . . .MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
WHITE WOMEN GET BREAST CANCER .

THEY CAN PREVENT IT BY UNDERSTAND THE 6000 YEAR OLD AYURVEDA METHOD .

punch into Google search -
. . . .YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..
2 0 •Reply•Flag



ajit vadakayil•7 hours ago

COUPLE OF YEARS AGO THE WHITE MAN LIFTED FROM THE VEDAS AND GOT FOR HIMSELF A NOBEL PRIZE FOR NITRIC OXIDE MOLECULE .

HOWEVER HE STILL CALLS AGNIHOTRA A SUPERSTITION .

punch into google search -
. . . .NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
56 MILLION PILGRIMS WILL GO FOR SABARIMALA THIS YEAR .

THE WHITE MAN TRIED TO INSERT A MORTAL BUDDHA AS THE NINTH AVATAR OF LORD VISHNU INSTEAD OF LORD AYYAPPA .

THE BENEFIT IS BETWEEN THE SECOND AND THIRD LIGHT FLASH - AN INTERVAL OF JUST FOUR SECONDS .

IT IS QUANTUM PHYSICS .

punch into Google search -
. . . .SABARIMALA MAKARAVILAKKU, THREE LIGHT FLASHES , VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE STUPID WHITE MAN SAID , CHEE CHEE GANAPATI .

BUT QUIETLY HE IS DOING GANAPATIs SUPER BRAIN EXERCISE .

punch into Google search -

. . . .DVAU BHUJA KARANAM, THOPPU KARANAM VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



2 0 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE WHITE INVADER SAID -- SUPERSTITIOUS HINDUS DRINK COWs URINE .

WELL, THE URINE IS OF HUMPED COW , NOT HUMPLESS WESTERN COW WHOSE URINE IS TOXIC .

GOMUTRA CAN PREVENT ALMOST ANY  DISEASE INCLUDING GENETIC DISEASES .

punch into Google search -
. . . .GOMUTRA , DRINKING COW’S UR#NE AS AN ELIXIR VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE STUPID WHITE INVADER THOUGHT THAT A CONCH IN THE TEMPLE WAS A SUPERSTITION .

WHAT A WASTE OF BRANDY AND CIGARS .

punch into Google search -
. . . .SECRETS OF SHANKH OR CONCH, THE PRODUCT OF SAMUDRA MANTHAN VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 0 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE STUPID WHITE INVADER THOUGHT THAT HINDUS DRAWING DESIGNS ON THEIR DOOR STEPS WAS SUPERSTITION .

TODAY THEY HAVE HEARD OF CYMATICS .

punch into Google search -
. . .KOLAM DESIGNS , INAUDIBLE MANTRAS VIDE VISUAL CYMATICS VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE WHITE INVADER MADE SHIVA , VISHNU AND BRAHMA FIGHT WITH EACH OTHER FOR SUPREMACY IN THEIR FOUL COOKED UP STORIES, WITHOUT KNOWING THAT THESE ARE FORCE FIELDS PERSONALISED AS AN ALLEGORY .

WHAT A WASTE OF CHEAP BRANDY AND CIGARS .

punch into Google search-

. . . .DVAITA VEDANTA OF SANATANA DHARMA OR HINDUISM VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 1 •Reply•Flag



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE BIBLE SAYS BIG BANG HAPPENED IN 4004 BC .

OH YEAH ?

punch into Google search -
. . . .VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA, OLDEST EXCAVATED IDOL OF THIS PLANET 32000 BC , LONE VALLEY ALPS GERMANY VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 1 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
EVER HEARD OF OM, AMEN, SHALOM, 786, OMKAR etc .

IT IS THE FREQUENCY OF THE EARTHS HEARTBEAT, 7.83 HERTZ , IN HIGHER AUDIBLE HARMONICS .

punch into Google search -
. . . .VISHNU FIRST MATSYA AVATAR , DOLPHINS AND 7.83 HERTZ FREQUENCY OF HINDU KING MANTRA OM VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 1 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
THE BIBLE SAYS BIG BANG HAPPENED IN 4004 BC .

OH YEAH ?

punch into Google search -
. . . .VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA, OLDEST EXCAVATED IDOL OF THIS PLANET 32000 BC , LONE VALLEY ALPS GERMANY VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
IF ASTROLOGY IS STUPID , THEN CHECK OUT THE POST BELOW -

punch into Google search -
. . . .VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR , FIXING THE PLANET AT RUDRAKSHA MALA CONSTANT OF 108 , TILTING THE EARTH AT AN AXIS OF 23.4 DEGREES VADAKAYIL. . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..




1 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
ACCORDING TO THE BIBLE THE BIG BANG HAPPENED ON 4004 BC .


THIS IS HOW STUPID THEY ARE .

punch into Google search -
. . . KALPA VIGRAHA , VISHNU IDOL CARBON DATED TO 26450 BC, SUDARSHANA CHAKRA VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..




2 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN - READ THE POST BELOW AND FAINT !

THIS IS EXACT MATH -  knowledge of spherical trigonometry is a must . .

punch into Google search -
. . .THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 0 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
HOW MANY OF YOU HEARD OF VARAHA MIHIRA OR MIHIRA MUNI WHO WROTE ABOUT PRECESSION OF PLANET EARTH 6660 YEARS AGO ?

punch into Google search -
. . . MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 0 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
EVER HEARD OF THE DYING Y CHROMOSOME ?

EVER HEARD OF THE BOOM IN RETARDED CHILDREN .

EVER HEARD OF GRATITUDE ( SORRY NOT BY KILLING 47 MILLION TURKEYS ON THANKSGIVING OR 105 MILLION CATTLE ON BAKRI ID ) ?

punch into Google search -
. . .PITRU PAKSHA , SHRAADH, PITRU THARPANAM VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..




Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
HOW IS THE WEST FINDING SOLUTIONS FOR HOMOSEXUALITY ?
WE HAD CHETAN BHAGAT RIDICULING RAMDEV IS INDIA TODAY ENCLAVE, RIGHT ?

EVER HEARD OF THE VAGUS NERVE ?

punch into Google search -

. . .ASHTANGA VINYASA YOGA, VAGUS NERVE , AMYGDALA VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
1 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•1 hour ago
WHY DOES HINDUS WOMEN NOT HAVE THE PMS PROBLEMS OF THEIR MEAT EATING COUSINS OF ISLAM AND CHRISTIANITY .

IT IS NOT ABOUT MEAT- IT IS ABOUT HORMONES AND THE MOON .

punch into Google search -

. . .KARVA CHAUTH, SYNCHRONISING THE FERTILITY CYCLE WITH THE MOON PHASE VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
ANCIENT INDIAN MEDICINE AND SURGERY WERE VERY ADVANCES .
THE WHITE INVADER LIFTED WHOLE SALE .

punch into Google search -
. . .FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE 4200 BC VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
THE WHITE MAN LIFTED VACCINATION FROM ANCIENT INDIAN AYURVEDIA TEXTS . THE EGYPTIAN PHAROAH USED KERALA LEECHES FOR VACCINATION  .

punch into Google search -
. . .EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 1 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
CHARLES DARWIN WAS OT EVEN AN IDI0T- HE WAS A MAD MAN .

punch into Google search -
. . .CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE VADAKAYIL. . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


1 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
SUBJECT : Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology .
####################

THE HEARTS OF THE DESH DROHI BENAMI MEDIA OWNERS AND THEIR FOREIGN SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES HURT WHEN SOMEONE PRAISES ANCIENT INDIA .

AS INDIANS ARE THEY NOT SUPPOSED TO FEEL HAPPY ?

ALL JUDASES WHO HAVE SOLD THEIR SOULS TO JEWISH BIG BROTHER WHOM WE KICKED OUT IN 1947 .

ALL YOU MEDIA JUDASES PRAY HARD FOR MODIs SAFETY -- YOU MAY HAVE A GENERAL IDEA WHAT WILL HAPPEN TO YOU , IF THERE IS MARTIAL LAW RIGHT ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..




0 0 •Reply•Flag
Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
ALL THOSE WANNABE GORAGAAND M0RONS WHO THINK VEDAS ARE SHEPHERDs VERSES MUST READ THE RIG VEDA VERSES WHICH DESCRIBE HOW THE COSMOS WAS CREATED .

punch into Google search -

. . . NASADIYA SUKTA , RIG VEDA 5000 BC , CREATION OF THE COSMOS VADAKAYIL. . .


capt ajit vadakayil
..


ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago

THE WORLDS SECOND MOSQUE,  SECOND CHURCH AND  SECOND JEWISH SYNAGOGUE WAS SITUATED IN A SMALL TOWN CALLED KODUNGALLUR ( CALLED MUZIRIS BY ANCIENT GREEKS ). 

Kodungallur was the cultural centre of the Calicut king ( my hometown )  .  The Kodungallur university was older that Taxila / Nalanda

The synagogue was destroyed by the Catholic Portuguese , but was relocated later at Kochi  .
R destroyed the sancity of this university  .

Punch into Google search  -
.   .   .    KODUNGALLUR BHARANI FESTIVAL  VADAKAYIL .  .   .  

Capt ajit vadakayil

..


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
SUBJECT : Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology .
##################################

ALL THE IDI0TS WHO SMIRK, MUST READ THE POST BELOW .

THE WHITE MAN HAD NO INVENTIONS AND DISCOVERIES IN HIS NAME TILL HE CAME TO INDIA .

punch into Google search -
. . QUTAB MINAR WAS DHRUV STAMBH , VISHNU NABHI AND PRECESSION CYCLE OF EARTH VADAKAYIL. .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



2 1 •Reply•Flag

Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
SUBJECT : Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology .
#########################

The white man took his gods from Indian astrology --along with the ENTIRE ANCIENT KNOWLEDGE OF GREEKS .

Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet - other than what they stole WHEN THEY VISTED KERALA , and patented in their own names .

Orpheus, the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist, the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur, cultural centre of Calicut king ) Bernice ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) .

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso. Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet . Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India .
.
Punch into Google search -
.. .THOR ZEUS BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER VADAKAYIL. .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



1 2 •Reply•Flag


Description: http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/photo/29251859.cms
ajit vadakayil•2 hours ago
SUBJECT : Now, BJP says science a pygmy compared to astrology .

#####################


BIBLE WAS WRITTEN IN KODUNGALLUR ( MUZIRIS ) UNIVERSITY OF KERALA USING ASTROLOGY .

punch into Google search -
. . VEDIC COSMOLOGY OF INDIA 5000 BC VADAKAYIL . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
1 2 •Reply•Flag



BELOW: FEW MONTHS AGO OUR ENTIRE BENAMI DESH DROHI MAIN STREAM MEDIA/ TV  WEPT AND WHIMPERED FOR 4 DAYS ABOUT A CHAPPATI PIECE INADVERTANTLY PUT IN THE MOUTH OF A MUSLIM ON A FASTING DAY .     

HAVE YOU EVER SEEN THE JUDAS INDIAN MEDIA TALK ABOUT A DISPLACED KASHMIRI HINDU?





Below: Proud of our ancient culture - have trashed all my  Italian and French 3 piece suits !   My dhoti ( mundu ) alone will cost more than all of them  .
*********************************************************************
TELGI STAMP PAPER SCAM MUST BE EXHUMED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The Telgi stamp paper scam was worth more than 30,000 crores .  

This scam has been buried by powerful forces . 

Modi must now exhume it  .  Modi must NOT have any alliance with NCP in Maharashtra  .

Below: This Narco test does NOT lie !




Abdul Karim Telgi ( born 1961 cited Sharad Pawar, ( chief of NCP party ) , and Deputy Chief Minister of Maharastra Chhagan Bhujbal  ( NCP ) during a narcoanalysis filmed by various Indian news channels in September 2006  .

Telgi made the revelations when was in a semi-conscious state, after he was injected with a truth serum at Bangalore.   Karim Telgi was subjected to three tests -- lie detector test,  P-300 brain mapping and narco-analysis tests.  While the first two have evidential value, the narco-analysis test does not have evidential value but is used to support the evidence.

Terming the reports as "irresponsible and basless", Pawar stated that "there is no need to take any congnizance of what a criminal has said".

Bhujbal spoke in similar vein. "An accused is levelling these charges against me. How can one rely on what such a person is saying?" 

Telgi's brain mapping confirms payments to Chhagan Bhujbal


The Brain Mapping test was performed on Telgi in two stages.    In the first stage, a pre-test interview was done, which was followed by recording of a EEG using 32-channel EEG-ECP Neuro Scan Recording system, to invoke "event related potential (ERP) response.    

The test was conducted using three types of words.   Firstly, "neutral words" which have no direct relationship with case were presented to Telgi.

In the second part, "probe words" directly related to the case were used to elicit concealed information.  

The report states that: "The major findings reported by the Brain Mapping tests are indicative of the possession of knowledge about the activities (listed above) by Karim Telgi; brain activation during preparation processing while evoking primary encoding indicates active participation of Karim Telgi in all these activities.

The report, a copy of which was available to PTI, said Telgi was subjected to three tests -- lie detector test, P-300 brain mapping and narco-analysis tests. While the first two have evidential value, the narco-analysis test does not have evidential value but is used to support the evidence.

The Brain Mapping test was performed on Telgi in two stages. In the first stage, a pre-test interview was done, which was followed by recording of a EEG using 32-channel EEG-ECP Neuro Scan Recording system, to invoke "event related potential (ERP) responses," SIT sources told PTI.

The test was conducted using three types of words. Firstly, "neutral words" which have no direct relationship with case were presented to Telgi.

In the second part, "probe words" directly related to the case were used to elicit concealed information.

In the third part, "target words", which are not in part one and two, but are based on confidential findings which the subject does not know, or polygraph findings or possibilities postulated by the investigating officers were used.

According to FSL authorities, if the subject has truthfully participated in the act suggested by target words, it would generate ERP, while there would be no ERP when neutral words are presented.



Other big names, which found mention in Telgi’s confession were those of Lok Sabha speaker P A Sangma, Maharashtra Chief Minister Vilasrao Deshmukh and Sameer Bhujbal, nephew of Chhagan Bhujbal.

The allegations made by Telgi were refuted by the politicians. What did people expect , them to own up?  

Abdul Karim Telgi's was born in extreme poverty . His father a lowly employee ( class 4 ) of Indian Railways and died when he was young. Telgi paid his school fees while studying at Sarvodaya Vidyalaya, by selling fruit and vegetables on trains.  

Then he went to Saudi Arabia for doing medial jobs.   He returned to India and started counterfeiting stamp paper.  

It was Ramratan Soni  ( convicted to 10 years’ RI. ) who introduced Telgi to the art of counterfeiting when they shared a prison cell in 1991.  At that time, Telgi was serving time in a cheating case.

There was a bunglow in a colony of bunglows which used to remain locked always at Nasik . No one lived there.  Some folks would come in cars and tempo vans at midnight after all has gone to sleep  and then leave in the morning.  This caused suspicion and consequently a newspaper reporter was tipped off.  

This reporter broke into the bunglow when no one was around and found that the  bunglow was filled with cases of stamp papers.   He also took pictures of  stacks of stamps and currency. The video  showed printing machinery as well..

After the television channel broadcast the footage, a police team, led by city police chief P T Lohar, arrived at the bungalow, named Padma, and seized more than 100 cartons containing currencies of several countries, including Pakistan, Somalia and Brazil, Czechoslovakia and Argentina besides some Indian currency.

The police summoned officials of the State Bank of India, India Security Press and Currency Note Press to identify the currency.



It was later discovered that Mr. Telgi was printing these in his press in Mumbai.  He had a printing press business for wedding cards, business cards, etc.  In the nights he used to load up the machines with 'real' stamp paper plates and print them.  These were then transported to this Nasik bunglow.

Telgi using printing machines purchased illegally with the help of some conniving officials of the Central Govt.’s Security Printing Press (India Security Press) located in Nasik.

Every few years, the press discards old machinery and buys new.  So they deliberatel declared a few good machines and dye plates as worn and torn and sold it off in the usual auction process.  

These machines should have been destroyed in the presence of a magistrate .  Front man Karim Telgi and his gang purchased these machines. It was all preplanned.

So Telgi and his gang had real printing plates and real printing presses for printing real stamp papers. 

So the stamp papers being produced were real, but just that the Indian government was not printing them! 

It was NOT counterfeit stamp paper ,but real ones .

OBC Chaggan Bhijjbal  was born in extreme poverty and was a vegetable vendor in Byculla Market , where his mother was selling fruits with a small shop.  

Maharashtra CM, Fadnavis and Narendra Modi knows very well how a pauper like  Chaggan Bhujjbal ‘s family now owns  a business empire with stakes in mines, vine yards, power projects, infrastructure and construction companies.

Assets worth Rs. 2,520 crore are clear evidence of disproportionate assets of Bhujbal's family," AAP leader Anjali damania  mentioned in her complaint before the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB)a month ago ,  which also has a list of properties allegedly owned by Bhujbal and his family members.

The ACB is also investigating the role of Chhagan Bhujbal in the Maharashtra Sadan Delhi redevelopment scam.   

Even though there was no official request from the BJP,  after the Maharashtra elections , the NCP gave it unconditional support from outside to form government. This was after a deliberation called by NCP chief Sharad Pawar at his Breach Candy residence where Ajit Pawar, Sunil Tatkare, Supriya Sule, Praful Patel and Chhahan Bhujbal were present.

Below: Vegetable seller to tycoon.   Jayalalithaa was super rich before she joined politics 




During P-300 Brain Mapping tests KarimTelgi has clearly admitted that he had given payments to Bhujbal.   In In the May 2014 the recent Lok Sabha elections, Bhujbal was decimated .  The narco tests were performed by the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL), Madiwala, Bangalore, in December 2003 and the report was prepared by Assistant Director, Dr S Malini.

Karim Telgi appointed more than 350 MBA graduates as agents to sell his fake stamp paper .   He could NOT have done this without adequate help from powerful politicians , police and govt employees. One Assistant Police Investigator was found to have a net worth of over 100 crore rupees ,though he was drawing a Indian police salary of only 8700 rupees. 

Telgi formed a film producing company “Sona films “ named after his daughter and even produced  a Moon Moon Sen starrer film Bechainee.   




Pm Modi and Maharashtra CM Fadnavis must know that a lot of criminals can be weeded out by following the Bollywood films funding trail.   

It is so dang easy .

There have been many actresses in the film industry who were known more for their liaison with the mafia than their performance in the industry.   Bollywood is a laundering machine for converting black money to white money.   

At the Umang dance program for Mumbai police by Bollywood stars , Indian security agencies have been quietly recording the underworld nexus behind the scenes . 



Who knows Bollywood may soon extend their UMANG dance performances to entertain the Income Tax Dept .  Will that be a right thing to do ?   A Bollywood producers brother was my Chief Officer , and he has told me the names of 3 huge female stars who were forced to "please " some IT officers by their mafia producers  ..




This scam is just a small percentage of the gargantuan corruption went on during Congress rule. How is it possible for a such a scam to continue merrily for more than a decade, with  officials of India Security Press (which prints stamp papers) in cahoots ?   

Official scam estimate is now fixed at 172 crores , but the actual scam is worth over 30,000 crores .  

These fake stamp papers penetrated in more than 12 states through a widespread network of vendors who sold the counterfeits without any fear and earned hefty commissions.



Mudrank (The Stamp) is a film based on the stamp scandal.  It was finished in 2008, but Telgi filed legal challenges to prevent its release. Telgi alleged that the details covered in the film would damage his legal appeals. As of today, the film has not yet been released.
  
SM Krishna ( a darling of the waitress ) appointed SIT to investigate the case .  Why was such a sensitive economic crime with inter-state ramifications and such enormous nature only handed over to SIT and not entrusted to specialized agencies like CBI for investigation ?   



We want Narendra Modi and Maharashtra CM Fadnavis to exhume this Telgi scam and ensure the big cats are punished and NOT the foot soldier pawns , the machinery operators, the vendors, the sweepers and the toilet cleaners . 

Whoever wriggled out must be re-examined and punished in found guilty  .

Mumbai police commissioner Ranjit Singh Sharma was arrested and then exonerated.



Investigation and timeline:---

In August 2000 the Bangalore police arrested 2 possessing fake stamp and stamp paper. Abdul Karim Telgi’s name surfaced in the investigation.

In November 2001, the Bangalore city police arrested Telgi from Ajmer and sent him to  Bangalore central prison.   Unfazed Telgi continued to run his ‘business’ from the jail.

In January 2002: SM Krishna Govt. of Karnataka constitutes STAMPIT, the special investigation team to probe the stamp paper scam.

2003 to 2004: Police comes into action all over making series of arrests in the case as directed by SIT. Telgi and several others who were involved in the case as Telgi’s aide or otherwise were arrested.

In December 2003, Maharashtra govt. decided to hand over the case to CBI

In August 2004, CBI arrested Telgi in another case pertaining to seizure of fake stamps – the police found fake adhesive stamps worth Rs 72 lakh from a dump in Nashik.

 In April 2006 it is determined that the actual magnitude of the stamp paper scam amounts to Rs. 172 crores and not Rs. 30,000 crores as initially speculated

In June 2007  Telgi got a 13 years rigorous imprisonment with a fine of crores of rupees in one of the major cases under the scam filed by Pune Police.  While, 42 other accused get rigorous imprisonment for upto 6 years and a fine.

In June 2011 the special Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act court in Pune convicted 5 people including the kingpin of the scam Telgi and sentenced them to 10 more years of rigorous imprisonment in one of the stamp paper scam cases filed against him in Mumbai in 2005.

In March 2012, Abdul Karim Telgi was  sentenced to life imprisonment without remission in three separate cases registered against him in Mumbai.  This means that the sentence will extend till his death.   

Just like how Nithari serial killer servant Surinder Koli was made the scape goat for the kidney body organ trade in Noida-.   Karim  Telgi paid a price where as the real big cat benefactors got the money and are roaming free enjoying life.  

All severed heads had no eyes - the bodies had  kidneys and livers missing.  Children had been missing even before Koli came as a servant in that house in Nodia .  

The Allahabad High Court has extended the stay on the hanging of the Nithari serial killer Surinder Koli till December 22 2014.   In India the rich and powerful go scot free.  Politicians in ruling party and opposition scratch each others backs QUID PRO QUO .



Below: Kidney traders are very happy with Narendra Modi and his VISA ON ARRIVAL scheme- ACHCHA HAI !.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/kidney-sale-tourism-and-body-organ.html




Only IDIOTS will subscribe to the nonsense theory of Koli eating livers and kidneys and eyes.   But then we are a nation who have employed idiots in our investigative agencies , right?




Nobody cares for the fact that the MWCD committee reported that the Chief Medical Superintendent, under whose supervision the post-mortem was conducted “after assembling the bones/skulls found at the site,” told the committee that “it was intriguing to observe the middle part (torso) was missing.” According to him, “such missing torsos give rise to a suspicion that wrongful use of bodies for organ sale, etc. could be possible…. (and) the surgical precision with which the bodies were cut also pointed to this fact.”



While in jail Telgi was injected with HIV virus .  Telgi alleged that he was injected with AIDS virus some three years ago by the team of STAMPIT (Karnataka Police's special team which was probing the fake stamp paper case) after it took over his custody from the Bangalore central jail where he was lodged.

The biggest loser in the entire scenario was the nation who lost crores of rupees of revenue from stamp duty on account of sale of fake stamp papers.   Besides, it affected the legal and financial transactions (in sectors like banking, insurance etc.) made during the scam period.

Five months ago Karim Telgi was granted permission by the Karnataka High Court to attend the marriage of his daughter which was held in Bangalore.

The Telgi scam is NOT isolated. Dozens of such scams are going on in India with patronage from powerful forces .



 EPILOGUE:-




In Patna in Sept 2014, a major haul of fake stamp papers reminiscent of the scam by Abdul Karim Telgi a decade ago.   Bihar Police seized counterfeit judicial papers with a face value of Rs 107 crore and arrested 16 persons from various places in Patna district. 

The mastermind is Ranjit Kumar, who hails from Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh. 

Arrested gang members revealed that they had already circulated fake stamp papers worth lakhs of rupees in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha and West Bengal through vendors.  

The fake stamp papers in denominations of Rs 10, Rs 100, Rs 200, Rs 500, Rs 750 and Rs 20,000 were meant for use in agreement for land registration, apartment registration, affidavit and issuance of power of attorney.   

The police during its operation in the two houses also seized equipment like computer, printer, dye, cutting machine, printing block ink used for printing the security thread on non-judicial stamp papers, Kisan Credit Cards, National Savings Certificates, bank cheques, postal stamps and court tickets



The operation yielded a haul of scanner machines, ink used for printing prototype of stamps and sheets.   Large quantity of fake stamp papers, postal tickets and printed envelope of State Bank of India, besides printing machines, computers, printers, scanners and other equipment used for printing fake stamp papers were recovered from yet another house in Bahadur police station area. 

None was, however, arrested in this instance.  A police officer who was part of the team said it was not easy to spot the difference between fake and genuine stamp papers of different denominations. The forgers were  printing foreign currencies including US dollars and Euros.

WHEN YOU BUY A STAMP PAPER NEXT TIME, CHANCES ARE THAT IT IS A COUNTERFEIT ONE .


The Modi govt must cancel all the high denomination stamp papers and announce e-payment. Presently, FAKE physical stamps up to the value of Rs 25,000 are still available in Maharashtra.

Below: The Telgi of IPL ( Sreeshant ) black bagged !  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/travesty-of-justice-sreesanth-and.html 

Big fish always remain free !!  

This is India !!!

 

 


Modi must investiage all these FANCY trusts started in the named of Indira Gandhi, Rajiv Gandhi etc.   

A person no less than the CM of Maharashtra was convicted by the Bombay High Court  of extortion in 1982.

AR Antulay arm twisted the rich and vulnerable Mumbai builders to make donations to Indira Gandhi Pristhan trust, one of several trust funds he had established and controlled, in exchange for receiving more cement than the quota allotted to them by the Government. 

I know more juicy stories which are yet to be unearthed  as my First officers  relative was a political ally .

Here is a quote from Wikipedia -
QUOTE : Again after November 2008 Mumbai attacks he has raised a controversy by saying that the end of Hemant Karkare, of the Anti-Terrorism Squad of Maharashtra, killed in the attacks, may be related to his investigation of the 2006 Malegaon blasts, leading to questions about the Mumbai attacks.   Later he changed his stand and told Parliament he had not talked about who killed the police officers but about who "sent them in the wrong direction". [6] His party, Congress, distanced itself from his statements, however, the US embassy Wiki leaks cables indicate that this early dismissal was then followed by tacit promotion, indicating "the Congress Party will readily stoop to the old caste/religious-based politics if it feels it is in its interest.[7]UNQUOTE

AR Antulay was the Union Minister for Ministry of Minority Affairs , under the govt of the waitress .

HUM LOG SUB GOPAL HOME MINISTER GOYAL KANDA KE PEECHE PADHE HAIN !  


HE WAS SMALL FRY !!


Putin said 7 months ago “  We will not accept a situation like what happened in Ukraine, when in many cases it was through NGOs that the nationalist and neo-Nazi groups and militants, who became the shock troops in the anti-constitutional coup d'état, received funding from abroad”

Immediately he world R controlled media cried foul –“ Putin has clamped down on NGOs to try to silence dissent “.

Putin’s  solution is to simply label NGOs involved in political activity as “foreign agents”, which is fair enough as they are clearly acting in the interests of a foreign state.   Gaddafi of Libya did NOT see it coming  .

R puppet foreign minister Andrei Kozyrev, has refused to meet PM  P.V. Narasimha’s envoy Mani Dixit in Moscow, disdainfully saying Russia would henceforth not treat India as a special friend. 

Have we forgotten all this .

Russian Jewish Congress the richest NGO of Russia was established in 1996 by R and was headed by Jew Andrei Kozyrev  for a while.  

In 2012 this NGO Russian Jewish Congress funded the construction of the Israel National Memorial to the Red Army in the city of Netanya.  Putin is NOT an idiot .   

Naïve Modi must ask US to apologise for denying him a visa arbitrarily .

In the US, foreign funded NGOs have to file a report of their activities every six months, produce copies of all their contracts and even verbal agreements with outfits they work for.

Why has Narendra Modi NOT realized the the very Zionists he is dancing with are the same desh drohi forces who are in cahoots with Indian NGOS / Main stream media which they own/fund  , with the sole aim of preventing India from becoming a superpower .  

In addition we have Christian and Islamic conversion funds NGOs.  Kerala is over run by Islamic NGOs and if we do NOT pay heed Kerala will be the  next Kashmir .  

Ever heard of a Islamic district in Kerala by the name of Malappuram ?  

The 10-year long rule of the waitress she has used people like YSR to give a toe hold to Western Catholic Church funded NGOs.


CHECK OUT HOW DEEP THE ROT IS ,  IN INDIA .

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/bauxite-mining-naxalite-menace-joshua.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/trojan-horse-foreign-funded-ngos-of.html

Below:  Reclaim the republic , foreign funded NGO march ( Kavita Krishna whom even Arnab Goswami does NOT interrupt ) on 26th of January 2014 – demanding repealing of Sec 377 law on homosexuality and gay marriages,  AFSPA,  freedom of Hindu women ( not Muslim ) to wear mini skirts and live in before marriage ,  human rights for Naxals,  rights of African whores, NE people to be given status of penquins ,  Azadi for Kashmir etc

Hardly a handful people will be there in these foreign funded marches but the BENAMI main stream media reports lakhs with FAKE trick camera shots .    

During the 2014 Lok Sabha election campaign,whenever political election rally crowds were shown these BENAMI  TV channels would split the screen so that Modi's HUGE crowds will be mistaken for Akkal Ka Dushman's few hundred paid audience . 

And when Bianca Wadhera -nay Vadra ( angrez hai na !) walked at Amethi with half a dozen people behind her ( barefooted in sari ) the TV cameraman would shake his camera as if he is in the middle of a milling crowd of thousands . All this did NOT work.   

The pathetic LYING and JUDAS main stream media is still trying to catch up with the social media . 

Well here is A+ for effort ! 

TEE HEEEEEEEEEEE!!



There is a concerted attempt to make India the RAPE capital of the world. 
This is a FOUL lie. India has the LOWEST PERCENTAGE OF RAPE ( like divorce ) on this planet .  

Today the media is abuzz with a Chutney Mary was was raped after midnight in the luxury taxi she was taking home from a pub .  She was sozzled drunk , and fell asleep in the car  .   She is an EMPOWERED BRAVE HEART for she drinks, roams around at midnight in skimpy clothes  .

I have traveled this planet for 40 years and I do NOT need to read a newspaper or a magazine or some LYING R peer reviewed report .  

The reason for low level of rape is because ( other than the Chutney Marys and wannabe goragaand women ) the rest of Indian women are virgins when they get married by arranged marriage    After marriage her husband protects her and the divorce rate if lowest on this planet  .






Ever heard of B Ramalinga Raju ( founder of Satyam ) who made an ass out of the law by saying he has Hepatitis C , and stayed in a luxury Hospital ?    He admitted to embezzlement of financial figures of the company to the tune ofy US$1.5 billion, including US$1 billion of non-existent cash and bank balances.  Raju led a lavish lifestyle including 321 pairs of shoes, 310 belts, 13 cars including Mercedes and BMWs.  He owned  villas and properties in 64 countries

http://www.tehelka.com/b-ramalinga-raju-sick-man-walking/


Cicero, the Roman statesman, said-
“A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. The traitor rots the soul of a nation…he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear.”  




Below  :MANI SHANGARAN AIYERAN on hearing Narendra Modi is TIMEs person of the year .
*********************************************************************
CULTURAL TERRORISM BY BENAMI MEDIA AND TROJAN HORSE NGOs - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
I ASK PM NARENDRA MODI TO SET UP A SEPARATE MINISTRY FOR “ PREVENTING  CULTURAL TERRORISM “  ,  HEADED BY A CABINET RANK MINISTER  .   

BRICS MUST HAVE OWN WIKIPEDIA 


MODI MUST KNOW THAT PUTIN , WHO WILL VISIT NEXT WEEK CAN BRING HIM UP TO SPEED ON WORLD INTRIGUE . 

MODI AND PUTIN MUST TAKE THE LEAD IN CRUSHING CULTURAL TERRORISM  .

PUTIN HAS ALREADY KICKED THE ASSES OF THESE CULTURAL TERRORISTS IN RUSSIA  .





Cultural terrorism is NOT about hurt feeling as the BENAMI media is trying to make it out to be.  Truth can hurt feelings .  In the context of cultural terrorism, one man's cultural fidelity is another man's cultural terrorism.  Hence truth is paramount  . 

Terrorism cannot be understood only in terms of violence. It has to be understood   primarily in terms of propaganda. Violence and propaganda, however, have much   in common. Violence aims at behaviour modification by coercion. Propaganda aims   at the same by persuasion. 

Terrorism can be seen as a combination of the two.    Terrorism, by using violence against one victim, seeks to coerce and persuade


The US Embassy in Islamabad was responsible for sponsoring Pakistan's first ever gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender pride celebration on June 26 .2011 .   

President Barack Obama spAke “We rededicate ourselves to the pursuit of equal rights for all, regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity. I want to be clear , the US Embassy is here to support you and stand by your side every step of the way ”

The Western media as if on cue recently ramped up their flagrant promotion of homosexuality, and gave a cloak of legitimacy to this ancient form of perversion. 

They tried it in Russia and Putin kicked prime Zionist butt .

When Putin comes to India Modi must evolve a joint strategy to combat the induction of homosexuality in India by Zionists.     

We Indians thank Peoples Hero Putin for taking on the NEW WORLD ORDER and winning every single time !

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/europe/Steve-Jobs-memorial-dismantled-in-Russia-after-Apple-CEO-Tim-Cook-comes-out-as-gay/articleshow/45027902.cms



On May 9th, 2012, Obama, announced to R controlled ABC News that he endorsed same-sex marriage, after which he felt as if a “huge weight” had been lifted off him .   

Then on May 21, 2012, Obama appeared on the front cover of Jewish-owned Newsweek Magazine with the Headline, “The First Gay President,” as if this was something a US president should be proud of.



What was Obama’s motivation ? He was simply seeking massive Zionist funding for his re-election campaign..   The very next day as if on cue , US President  Obama found a 15 million USD cheque thrust in his hands at a Jew-filled extravaganza held at a Laurel Canyon mansion in California .



For the first time in US history , a US President affirmed the radical homosexual agenda.  In doing so, Obama claims he is “upholding the ideals on which this nation was founded.”  This is a tub of bull sh#t. 

This is just another piece of Obama’s habitual Orwellian doublespeak.  America’s founding fathers always upheld the essential role of the TRADITIONAL FAMILY as the “foundation of national morality.”  

Indian homosexual/rape/ divorce percentage is the lowest on this planet  - we marry virgins and our spouses are loyal .


Cicero, the Roman statesman, said-

“A nation can survive its fools, and even the ambitious. But it cannot survive treason from within. The traitor rots the soul of a nation…he infects the body politic so that it can no longer resist. A murderer is less to fear.” 

BELOW: LEADERS OF THE FREE WORLD!



The word APARTHIED has been diluted by Zionists by ridiculous use like “ fashion apartheid” etc .

Same way the world CULTURE has been diluted to weaken the mental resolve of man by using words like corporate culture, computer culture, dress culture etc.



The use of culture depends upon an ability for rational or abstract possessed by humans alone.   Animals dont have it. Man's immediate prehuman ancestors had societies, but they did not have culture.

Culture could be a logical construct, or a psychic defense mechanism or even an abstraction from behaviour.

Once established, culture has a life of its own, in a CAUSE AND EFFECT – Tamas / Rajas relationship-- it flows down through time from one generation to another.  It is the most highly developed means of promoting freedom from worry and continuity of life, in a series that began with the simple reflex.

Culture can cause a person to die of hunger, though nourishment is available, because some foods are branded unclean by the culture.   And it can cause a person to disembowel or shoot himself to wipe out a stain of dishonour.

Culture is stronger than life and stronger than death.  Culture triumphs over death and offers man eternal life.

Cultures themselves must NEVER EVER be evaluated or graded as higher and lower, superior or inferior.  India has the most ancient culture on this planet .

A culture is a time tested means to an end-- the culture ( or way of life ) of the more highly developed nation is “imposed” upon the less developed peoples .Though India ruled the whole world before 7000 BC, we never imposed our culture or stole .   Culture should be appreciated in terms of itself.

What is moral in one culture might be immoral or ethically neutral in another .

Culture is that complex whole -- which is a potpourri of language, ideas, beliefs, customs, codes, institutions, tools, techniques, art, rituals, knowledge, morals ,law, habits , folktales , values, conventions, ceremonies etc --- snowballed by man as a member of the society.


Destroying the imprints of history, culture and tradition can be termed ‘cultural terrorism.’   These evil terrorists are trained is the art of hasbara .  He is a master of snatching away the right to life, but also eliminate culture.   

The cultural terrorist, is an executioner of morality and conscience.   

Cultural terrorism, destroys mindsets and injects debauchery .   The executioner  aims to pollute the minds of the public,  to sow the seeds of insanity into society.    

They have NO age limits , their victims are of all ages - everybody from the cradle to the grave .  

No subject is taboo. 

Nobody is exempt .

Nothing is sacred. 

They are ready to inflict wrath on everybody as well as everything . This cultural terrorist has the powers to tear into the heart of all that is considered normal.  

He is funded to spread cancer like the quintessential cancerous cell that would painfully destroy all that is in contact with it. 

He knows the methodology to erase the conforming instinct, to brainwash and to brand the devil as the messiah .  

He is a master of Hegelian Dialectic.  He is trained to prevent humanity from ever acting with a common will.

The cultural terrorist's GODFATHERs weapons are anything that enables him to inflict his views upon others or make him mint and milk money.   

Money is his GOD . 

Be it film, video, audio cassettes, music, photocopiers, printed words, pictures - any media whatsoever is acceptable as long as it achieves the objective.   He cares not how  violent, how perverted, how degenerate, how gross, how base, how evil, how painful his methods are .

He has the material that appeals to the very lowest of emotions .  He knows how to  pollute fresh young minds and further warp those already up sh#t creek without a paddle .  

He believes nothing is impossible.

There is NO fear of god, there is no morality .  He is ready to subvert and manipulate the society and the environment to its fullest extent.   

He has perfected his art so much that bigger the lie the better the chance of people believing it.   He is a master in decoy chaff and spreading the fog of confusion..




Above:   Kosher 'Hedge Hog' -   Ron Jeremy with Sunny Leone  . 

Ron Jeremy, is an Jewish porn star who has humped his way through  2216 movies , is listed in the Guinness Book of World Records for  Most Appearances in Adult Films.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/12/stop-this-big-boss-5-nonsense-porn-star.html


How many readers has seen a single TOILET PAPER OF INDIA e-newspaper issue without at least 2 picture posts of porn star Sunny Leone flashing her private parts,  ever since PM Narendra Modi sat on the chair in May 2014 ?

Let me check out today’s edition .

Here we are-

http://www.mensxp.com/gallery/actresses/20637-sunny-leone.html?utm_source=TOInewHP_TILwidget&utm_medium=ABtest&utm_campaign=TOInewHP



http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/entertainment/hindi/bollywood/Sunny-Leone-Lesser-known-facts/photostory/45366533.cms



In the postwar era,  America's most notorious pornographer was Jew Reuben Sturman, the 'Walt Disney of porn.'  Throughout the 1970s Sturman controlled most of the pornography circulating in the country ... By the mid-80s he owned over 200 adult bookstores ..Sturman did not simply control the adult-entertainment industry, he was the industry. 

After his death his David, continued running the family business.  The contemporary incarnation of Sturman is Steven Hirsch, a 43-year-old Jewish Clevelander who has been described as the 'Donald Trump of porno.'  

The link between the two is Steve's father, Fred, who was a stockholder-cum-lieutenant to Sturman. Today Hirsch runs the Vivid Entertainment Group, which has been called the Microsoft of the porn world, the top producer of 'adult' films in the US.  His specialty was to import mainstream marketing techniques into the porn business. 

Sunny Leone worked for Vivid Entertainment .

Jews are a very small proportion of the world's population,  but they dominate certain businesses, such as banking,  media, pornography, drugs, and other sex-related businesses deliberately involved with pornography and sex slaves in order to destroy our societies.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/03/white-slavery-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



Jew Sigmund Freud is credited as being the father of the Sexual Revolution.   This pervert often  repeated in an unsolicited manner that he found sexual morality "contemptible."    

Sigmund Freud committed “assisted” suicide by injecting himself with an overdose of Morphine..( voluntary active euthanasia.- if you please ) .





Triple Sri recently repeated on TV what Sigmund Freud said --  that all humans were bisexual, that everyone is sexually attracted to both sexes.   

In this moron’s view, this was true anatomically and therefore also mentally and psychologically.

Yes, Capt Ajit Vadakayil calls Sigmund Freud a moron - a dim-wit like Georg Wilhelm Hegel who could NOT think rationally ..  I have read his works on psychology, psychoanalysis-  all bullsh#t of the first order .  It needs a Capt Ajit Vadakayil to pull such hyped up kosher characters down .


All his methodologies, techniques, and conclusions are bullsh#t of the first order.  If anybody thinks that I am NOT capable of judging this Freud –nay- FRAUD man , read my 860 odd posts  .  Modern psychology has produced NOTHING  to substantiate many of his claims.

His eureka finding that boys lust after their mothers and hate their fathers is bullsh#t ..  He wrote a lot about id, ego, or superego .  Freud has NO idea what these words are all about .  



His theory that  human development proceeds through oral, anal, phallic, and genital stages is the biggest piece of turd in the punchbowl.   



This theory that homosexuality was a failure to reconcile the anal phase, or the Oedipal phase is a shipload of sh#t .


No wonder the west is hooked on to Prozac – no psychoanalyst can talk things out.   This is why these whacko guys come to India for mind solutions .


Israeli is guilty of beaming pedophile, anal and bestial porn to the Palestinian sector to corrupt the orthodox  Muslims.  This porn was transmitted by Israeli troops who had taken over three Palestinian television stations of Ramallah, irate residents of the besieged West Bank town had told the Western press.

 These videos used to be intermittently transmitted so that children would see them while watching another TV sports program from the Al-Watan, Ammwaj, and Al-Sharaq channel.  The Palestinian parents were upset that deprived children could NOT even watch TV. 

One 34-year-old Palestinian mother named Reema told AFP. 'I have six children at home, they have nowhere to go with what is going on here and can't even watch TV,' she said angrily.   'It's not healthy really. I think the Israelis want to mess with our young men's heads and our culture ,' she said. .  

The Israeli military denied that it had anything to do with the pornographic programming and instead blamed the Palestinian leaders."

Same way I have seen porn being beamed from the Gibralter side across the straits to the Islamic side. The Jews derive sadistic pleasure out of this. 

The same way they derive pleasure out of watching Hindus in India squirm with intrusions of Savita Bhabhi, Kiss of Love public display of gay / lesbian kissing etc .  

All this is tantamount to cultural terrorism .

Check out the BBC post below:- Will India ever do such a thing to England ?

http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-india-30288173 



Below:  Joshua Project 2, striking at the roots of Hinduism and Indian culture -- converted Christians / Muslims are exempt.




We Indians are proud of our panchayats  - 

the Khaps deliver FAIR / FAST / FREE justice.  

The Indian Judiciary delivers just the opposite -  UNFAIR ( BASED ON OBJECTIVE FORGED EVIDENCE, BRIBED WITNESSES ) /  DELAYED ( BY AS MUCH AS 30 YEARS ) / EXPENSIVE , (WHERE YOU PAY THE LAWYER APPEARANCE FEES EVERY 4 MONTHS  ) justice --

Our Panchayats or Khaps consist of respected village elders who hold wisdom, have an ear to the ground, are in consonance with local culture, who knows every family, who knows every criminal and woman of loose character. 

The Khaps have preserves our Y Chromosome, and that is why in India we have the least RAPES/ HOMOSEXUALS/ DIVORCE percentage on this planet. 

Our BENAMI main stream media are JUDAS agents of big brother whom we kicked out in 1947 .   Big brother had knighted all his Judicial stooges before 1947 - today their disgraced descendants hide in holes .





In 2011, Urvashi Butalia founder of Zubaan books and a Tehelka presstitute was conferred the Padma Shri, India's fourth highest civilian award, by the waitress.   The waitress was happy to award anybody who was willing to denigrate Indian culture .

Below: Urvashi Butalia,  leave alone launch a 1000 ships, this face could make even stout hearted Dara singh faint in  a dark alley. Baap Re !  

She is a vehement supporter of gay rights .  So what if her face cant launch a 1000 ships, cried an optimist , Urvashi Butalia Madame was  in the  Foreign Policy magazine's list of 100 global thinkers along with Kavita Krishnan  AK-49, R darling Rajendra Pachauri , Malala etc.  

Aree Kailash Satyarthi ka naam bhool gaya kya ?  Yeh na insafi hua-  Bolo toh--



How do you get into the TOP 100 of Zionist agencies? 

R communism has an culture terrorism agenda--

For this they cultivated communist leaders – and put them on their salary roll.

Promote the U.N. as the only hope for mankind.    Even today when in India we have a problem—these commies cry “ we will take this issue to the UN “ .    Even the flight route of the downed Malaysian airliner ( with Modi’s and Putins plane close ahead/ behind ) over Ukraine was “approved” by UN.

Install R chosen or created heroes in school text books.    Our NCERT text books in social studies are full of R stooges.   Today in this DNA age we learn about Charles Darwin, to prove that God does NOT exist.

Subvert the House of Lords ( Rajya sabha ) and have VETO rights.    R stooges are in the salary roll in the British House of Lords.

Monopolize the main stream media and have SUPARI fed journalists to do rabble rousing.    When Gail Tredwell did foul propaganda against Mata Amritanadamayi only a communist TV channel tried to do propaganda –nobody else..

Gain control of key positions in radio, TV, and motion pictures.

Infiltrate art.   A good artist who can paint your face LIVE has NO hope.    A useless painter ( example- our own Bong didi ) will be touted as the best painter and her ridiculous , ugly paintings will sell for millions.   Sculpture will be UGLY shapeless, awkward and meaningless forms.

Eliminate all laws governing obscenity by calling them "censorship" and a violation of free speech and free press—by having Trojan Horse NGOs running wild and doing extreme rabble rousing..

Tear apart social fabric , ancient culture and social standards of morality by promoting , perversion, pornography and obscenity in books, magazines, motion pictures, radio and TV.

Present homo-sexuality, degeneracy and promiscuity as "normal, natural, healthy."    Our main stream media man Karan Thapar had said on TV that anal penile intercourse is an act of love.    Triple Sri said that Lord Ayyappa was a product of homosexual sexual intercourse between two males Shiva and Vishnu on NDTV and CNN IBN.

Inflitrate all religions.  Replace spirituality with "social" religion.  Discredit Gods and promote atheism—or R made gods and saints .   Aim for depopulation by creating cults ( brahma kumaris etc )

Eliminate prayer from schools .

Create low strata and then encourage them to spill blood by revolution ( naxals etc ) .

Create FAKE heroes and internet Gurus to worship.

Remote control social movements by using Trojan horse NGOs and human rights activists.

Infiltrate and gain control of labour unions.

On ships we have Social Engineering where the Personnal and Administration manual must contain how to have safe homosexual sex.    Have perverted and detailed accounts on how to do foul homosexual acts like analingus –  using plastic shrink wrap BLAH BLAH to cover the unwashed as$hole.

Infiltrate and gain control of big business to destabilize .   If they had their way all Indian national banks will be replaced by foreign banks like Axis bank.   These banks will do branding by giving support to GOOD GOODY GOOD national movements – like global warming prevention, selling cheap untested generic drugs etc.

Discredit the family as an institution.  Encourage promiscuity and easy divorce.  Encourage living together.  Have sex education and teach anal sex and cunnilingus to pre-teens.

Emphasize the need to raise children away from the negative influences of parents.    Attribute prejudices, mental blocks and retarding of children to suppressive influence of the parents.

Control the supply of money to the nation.    Now BRICS has indeed upset the IMF applecart.    They will discredit Putin, Modi etc soon.

Cultivate rabble rousing student leaders in colleges. Our own Anand Sharma was a college campus student union leader.

NUMB YOUR CONSCIENCE— SO THAT YOU WILL LISTEN ONLY TO A BIG BROTHER CHOSEN LEADER, LIKE A ZOMBIE .

DIVIDE AND RULE .

Below: The Zionists want India to embrace gay marriages and they have a whole army of paid up Indian Judases to propagate perversion .  That tall guy in the video will have blood and pus at his as$hole area of his white undies - he wears lip gloss too , to hide his cold lip sore .


The moment starlet Celina Jaitley joined Congress, the political party of the waitress in 2004, I told my wife , something ( debauchery injection into Bharatmata ) is cooking.   

So here she is – stooge of R controlled UN , trying to introduce homosexuality in India.




I have seen this planet for 40 years .

I have seen what is there to see.

In Denmark people flock to animal brothels -- all sorts of traumatized animals are there for both men and women to FU#K.

I have seen the whore hosues of St Pauli and Reeperbahn of W Germany in the pre-AIDS era . We will not allow debauchery in India though our foreign supari fed presstitutes are trying hard .

http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2352779/Bestiality-brothels-spreading-Germany-campaigner-claims-abusers-sex-animals-lifestyle-choice.html

http://daily.bhaskar.com/news/WOR-animal-brothels-a-lifestyle-in-denmark-shocking-cases-of-animals-being-brutally--4452570-PHO.html


Below: Pea brained monologues !





The radical homosexual movement on this planet is purely a Jewish movement.   Muslims, Christians and Hindus do NOT have a hand in it  .  Jews created it and run it from top to bottom.  Putin was the first to recognize it and put stoppers .  

They are pushing the perversion and degeneracy that is spreading disease, sin and sickness through the planet like a wildfire.   This filthy agenda of cultural terrorism is set to tear apart the family unit and turn every country into sick, corrupt and vile societies.  

They tried to do the very same thing to Germany during the 1920’s, but the people said “to hell with that” and elected Hitler to put a stop to such perverted visions.  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html

The father of the Gay Movement, Frank Kameny,  was instrumental in pressuring the American Psychiatric Association to reclassify same-sex activities as normal and healthy

Jewess Eve Ensler wrote the pornographic play "The Vagina Monologues".   This play features women looking at their genitals with hand mirrors and describing steamy scenes of lesbian sex with minors, masquerades as feminist empowerment.   It is an invitation to lesbianism. 

She spAke, - I am obsessed with women being violated and raped, and with incest.  All of these things are deeply connected to our vaginas. ( hey , you forgot your other two diseases orifices laden with cold sores ). 

The Vagina Monologues has been translated into 48 languages and performed in over 140 countries, thanks to R.  Ensler received several R controlled awards - Obie Award,  Guggenheim Fellowship Award , Berrilla-Kerr Award ,Elliot Norton Award, Jury Award for Theater at the U.S. Comedy Arts Festival etc.

The play was also adapted into a Marathi play called Yonichya Maneechya Gujagoshti by feminist /activist Vandana Khare.  The play equated manly love with violence.

Our “hum bhi French tum Bhi French Richet MAJJA HAI Kali Koechin had her own bullshit monologue hyped up by the Koel Purie Richet’s father’s Healines Today TV ( India Today group ) . 

Below:    Kalki Koechlin kissing in Margarita with a fu#kin' straw.   Ever since Bene Israel Jewess Leela Samson became the censor board chief, we get homosexual perversion and decadence on the silver screen.



She ran down Draupadi . 

She wondered how Draupadi managed 5 husbands when she could NOT manage even one . 

If Kalki baby were to show her big fat teeth in one dark alley,  even stout hearted  Dara Singh would faint out of horror .



Kalki baby does NOT know that Panchali is the Kundalini and the 5 chakras are the lower most .




This pathetic disinformation popped up 2 minutes ago on TOILET PAPER OF INDIA .  

The JUDAS main stream media tried to scuttle Modi, they tried to create a second Gandhi (old fasting goat) -- the desh bhakt social media kicked their collective asses , causing them to fall flat on their faces- 

-- yet these shameless presstitutes keep trying -- 

So here is A+ for effort award !





SUBJECT :  Gay culture gains increasing acceptance in China  .  New survey showing 59 per cent of Chinese people saying the society should accept homosexuals.   On same-sex marriage, 40 per cent of respondents supported the idea.   The survey indicates that Chinese society has made great progress in accepting homosexuals in the past 20 years.  China should introduce homosexuality courses to its education system as many young gay people's knowledge about homosexuality is rudimentary.

################

SORRY,  THIS IS A FAKE POLL AND A FOUL ZIONIST LIE .

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/world/china/Gay-culture-gains-increasing-acceptance-in-China/articleshow/45417726.cms

WE STAY IN INDIA ,NOT IN CHINA.

THE BENAMI FRONT MEDIA AND THE FOREIGN SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES THINK THAT INDIANS WILL FALL PREY TO THIS WHITE LIE .

Punch into Google search  -
.   .   .   IPC SECTION 377, LOVE , LUST, PERVERSION , LGBT RIGHTS , NEW WORLD ORDER VADAKAYIL  .   .  .

Capt Ajit Vadakayil
..


##################################### 


Indian percentage of RAPE /  DIVORCE /  HOMOSEXUALS  is the least repeat lowest on this planet.

Our own main stream media , the FOREIGN FUNDED CULTURAL TERRORISTS  keep brainwashing us that India is the world HQ for rape .

Only one in 1100 Indians is a gay.   A lot of the credit goes to turmeric ( circumin ) in our curry and our Indian DNA with strong Y chromosomes  .   

In some white countries 1 in 7 is gay.   Every 7th person walking past you on the street is gay.   If the governments of these nations do NOT address this problem, there may be a revolution, which cannot be managed by distractions like Nero’s games of ancient Rome-  all these rock concerts , hyped up football matches etc.

We do NOT have this problem of gay plenty in India. 

Big Brother has introduced LGBT in every BIGG BOSS TV reality show trying to legitimize them.

Even multinational companies have been roped in to tear asunder our cultural fabric .  The west is jealous of the happiness and harmony in Indian homes.

They have introduces these canned laughter TV serials where the wife is sarcastic with her husband, the son insults the mother and daughter insults the father .

The TV ads brainwash Indian wives to defy their husbands.




Gender divide is being caused in India,   so that people lose trust in the institution of marriage.  

A woman’s world is now MORE EQUAL than a man’s word in India ( example Justice AK Ganguly case).

Naxal women are trained to shove in sticks and stones into the vagina and cause bleeding to charge a Jawan of rape to counter AFSPA.

Legitimization of sodomy movement is funded by BIG BROTHER,  as an alternative form of sexual expression.

Putting the penis into the wrong orifice meant to eject waste , is being touted as love.

They try to blur the lines between LOVE AND LUST.  

These Zionist forces who support the LGBT movement spends unlimited funds for promoted contraception, sterilization, abortion, population control, sex instruction for the young, divorce and "open" marriages, pornography, suicide, euthanasia, artificial reproduction, and government operated and medically supervised brothels. 

They gave awards to vulgar people after extracting the promise that these hyped up people will work hard to decry the injustices allegedly suffered by homosexuals on big brother remote controlled TV and media.

What had been traditionally viewed as a immoral vice to be suppressed by government became a virtue and a civil right to be protected and advanced by the State.

The LGBT revolution, like any revolution started at the top, with the wealthy and powerful. It is NOT some motley movement of perverted and disgruntled clientele of transvestites, homosexuals, and young male hustlers who frequented the red light areas like Sonagachi or Grant Road--  who were later joined by sympathetic tearful residents in a violent melee with local police.

Dr. Richard Day, a former Medical Director of Planned Parenthood-World Population and a Rothschild  protégée,  stated that in the future there would be "sex without reproduction" (aka contraception, sterilization, abortion) and "reproduction without sex" (in vitro fertilization, artificial insemination). 

Even the UNO and WHO has been hijacked.

 The fountainhead of this LGBT movement's power and influence was not generated from within the movement itself, but from without —  from the powerful Zionist foundations and other big brother remote controlled and funded entities that rule from behind the scenes.

With their great power , reach prestige and endless financial resources, these Big Brother remote controlled foundations can go where others fear to tread and pave the way for public acceptance of all forms of sexual deviancy, until the time is ripe for the NWO elite to take over and the particular deviancy in question is institutionalized as official public policy.

By statistics the largest sources of support for the LGBT agenda is Zionist controlled corporate America — Coke-Cola, Pepsi, Ford (Globe), General Motors, American Express, Best Buy, Lehman Brothers, Fannie Mae, Mellon Financial, Shell, Dell, Avon, Estee Lauder, Coors, General Electric, General Mills, Kraft, Johnson & Johnson, Eli Lilly, Hyatt, State farm, Avis, Starbucks, Subway, Gameboy, Ikea, JC Penney, Sears, Sam's Club, Target, Wal-Mart (Pride), Weight Watchers, IBM, Intell, AT&T, and on and on.

WHY ARE THESE RICH CORPORATES SO FOND OF SODOMY ?

In the name of aid to Trojan Horse NGOs for AIDS programs (  the goose that laid the golden egg  ) millions of dollars of "health" funds has made their way into desh drohi LBGT rights organisations and atheist / rationalist NGOs.

Gays are being made out to be a protected species and any complaint made by a Gay in a Zionist company can cause you to lose your job.  Many vulnerable Indians have been putting up with sexual groping by gays in USA in corporate offices . IBM / Goldman Sachs  have taken the lead in these matters

Women are advised to marry late .  The company with fund their IVF procedures. Usually, birth of the first child was a sign that the couple had cemented their relationship and would not split up any time soon.   

ALL ZIONIST COMPANIES  WILL NOW OFFER FEMALE EGG FREEZING OPTIONS SO THAT THEY DELAY MARRIAGE. .

THIS IS TO GIVE INCENTIVES TO FEMALE EMPLOYEES TO MARRY LATE IN LIFE , LIVE IN WITH MULTPLE SEX PARTNERS , OR EVEN GO FOR LESBIANISM — BASICALLY AN ULTERIOR MOTIVED DEPOPULATION MEASURE .

WESTERN WOMEN ARE SOON KEEN TO HAVE MULTIPLE ORGASMS FROM MULTIPLE PARTNERS OR SEX TOYS OR ORAL SEX , THAT THEY NEGLECT THEIR FERTILITY BIOLOGICAL CLOCK IS RUNNING DOWN .

TODAY MOST OF THE CAREER WOMEN IN THE WEST GO FOR IVF AS THEY ARE NOT FERTILE .

THEY HAVE PERVERTED PLAY PENS BETWEEN THEIR LEG AND NOT A DIVINE NURSERY .

WHEN A WOMAN CANNOT REPRODUCE AS PER GODs WILL- SHE IS NO LONGER FEMININE .

So these IMMORAL zionist companies now will pay for elective egg freezing for female employees, a process by which women surgically preserve healthy eggs on ice until they’re ready to become parents, at which point they begin the process of in vitro fertilization .

TAKE THIS FROM A PERCEPTIVE MAN- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL— NEVER MIND WHAT THE PAID UP STOOGE DOCTORS SAY .

the doctors will typically recommend women freeze at least 18 eggs — which often requires two rounds of the procedure – there’s ABSOLUTELY ZILCH guarantee that the eggs will lead to successful pregnancy when they are implanted via IVF few years later .

Very soon these Zionist companies will hold Tupperware / Amway type female holding egg freezing “parties” to hear about it, with champagne flowing . Insurance companies will milk these STUPID women .



The Spiriual Scientist
December 9, 2014 at 12:39 PM
CAPTAIN,
Now I am seeing that Mamata is better than the Communists.The Communists now recently said that Krishna molested over 1600 gopikas,so Gita cannot be made the national book.
What your view on this?
And you once said that Taj Mahal is a Temple,which is now proving to be true?
#######################################
hi tss,

nobody in India heard of RADHA ( mistress of Lord krishna ) till the white man came to India.

Nobody in India heard of 16000 virgin Gopikas whom Krishna de-flowered till the white man came to India .

I have already made a comment on this matter on a previous post -- below.
####################

Aditi (Shreya)
October 22, 2014 at 7:16 AM
Sir, please let me know the real mythology behind Naraka Chaturdashi?
Did Krishna fall unconscious?
Did gopikas give him massage?
Was satyabhama bhumi Mata mother of narakasura and was she supposed to kill him?

ReplyDelete
Replies
#####################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
October 22, 2014 at 7:49 AM
hi as,

i will tell you, provided you spread this around--

RADHA is FAKE poison injected by the white invader using his FAKE DASAS --all created and back dated.

They used ancient works of unknown poets , poison injected them and gave authors name as DASA--.

The Sikh Adi Granth is packed with DASA verses.

Bhagavata Purana 10.59.42-- is poison injected :

atho muhUrta ekasmin
nAnAgAreSu tAH striyaH
yathopayeme bhagavAn
tAvad-rUpa-dharo 'vyayaH

“ Then the imperishable Bhagavan [ Sri Krishna], assuming a separate form for each bride, duly married all the princesses simultaneously, each in her own palace.”

This alludes to 16,000 virgins ( gopikas ).

16000 gopikas never existed-- for it is an allegory.

SAHASRARA CHAKRA is a 1000 petalled lotus -- each with 16 kalas or aspects --this works out to 16000 .

this is NOT some girl who has sex with Lord Krishna --taking turns.

Narakasura kidnapped 16000 damsels --and Lord Krishna saved these damsels in distress.

this is just an allegory.

like Banasura the son of King mahabali - killed by Krishna ---though his great gandfather hiranyakashipu was killed thousands of years before by narasimha avatar . it refers to a cosmic allegory.

banasura wanted to fight shiva and shiva told him, he will have to wait till krishna is born --thousands of years later --and he was sulking till then.

this banasura was an allegory for BINARY STAR-- described in Section 10.59.33-45 of the Bhagavata Purana

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/nibiru-planet-x-is-not-marthanda-source.html

SO THE WHITE INVADER WROTE OVER BRANDY AND CIGARS -- AND GOT IT PROPAGATED BY HIS FAKE MUTTS-- THAT HINDUS MUST GET MASSAGED BY A DAMSEL -- THIS IS NONSENSE !

MIND YOU, HINDUS ARE STILL GETTING MASSAGES -- THEY GAMBLE GET DRUNK AND GET MASSAGED ( WITH SPECIAL SERVICES ) ALA THE GOPIKAS.

THE WHITE INVADER WROTE -- ON NARAKA CHATURTI HINDUS MUST LIGHT DIYAS FOR YAMARAJ ( THE DEVIL ) -- AND IGNORANT HINDU WOMEN ARE STILL DOING IT.

THIS IS WORSE THAT KALASH PATRA BEING IMPALED BY A POLE ON GUDI PADWA BY CHITPAVAN JEWS -NAY- BRAHMINS --AND STUCK OUTSIDE THE WINDOW --

mind you gaddafi's anus was imlaed by a AK-47 rifle barrel before he was killed like a mad dog on the streets.

kalasha patra is full of divine wisom--it is NOT meant to be impaled and stuck outside the window – like what the Chitavan Brahmins do on Gudi Padva day on behalf of their lord R.

how much the white invader must have chuckled over his brandy and cigars.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/kalasha-symbol-of-cosmic-womb-capt-ajit.html

there is NO hell in sanatana dharma-- we have bad karma and re-incarnation/moksha .

Nara-ka" means one who is opposed to the Atma. Naraka does not mean hell.

narakasura is bullsh#t.

so wikipedia can go to hell-

QUOTE : Naraka Nivaran Chaturdashi(popularly known as Naraka Chaturdashi) is a Hindu festival, which falls on the second day of the five-day long festival of Diwali. The Hindu mythology narrates that the asura (demon) Narakasura was killed on this day by Krishna and Kali. : UNQUOTE

the fake hindu mutts of R has screwed bharatmata.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/kanchi-mutt-creation-of-white-invader.html

SO ADITI--

ARE YOU GONNA READ AND FORGET ?

OR ARE YOU GONNA SPREAD THIS INFORMATION AROUND ?

really, i have been replying to comments made by DESH DROHIS and WORTHLESS INDIANS --wasting my precious time.

capt ajit vadakayil
..
 ######################



Kama Sutra was branded by the Vatican as the most dangerous work of Devil of a pagan religion , who did human and animal sacrifices .  Lot of self loathing Hindus abandoned their ancient cuture and converted to Christianity .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/07/kamasutra-by-vatsayana-immoral-sexual.html

The immoral white invader introduced the sect Gaudiya Vaishnasism specifically to accommodate the FAKE mistress of Lord Krishna Radha, who never existed and nobody knew about till the back dated FAKE poet Jayadeva and the FAKE Kalidasa was introduced. 

Gaudiya Vaishnavas moreover hold Sri Chaitanya as an incarnation of Radha-Krishna combined.  ISKON of Srila Prabhupada has now regularized Sri Chaitanya . Today in the Jaipur literary fests when Sringara rasa is discussed the discuss the love between married to Rukmini Lord Krishna, and his mistress outside marriage Radha.

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Junior_wives_of_Krishna

The post above will tell you that our ancient scriptures say that Lord Krishna had 16000 wives—an IMMORAL LIE.

Lord Krishna is an avatar of Lord Vishnu and Rukmini is the incarnation of goddess Lakshmi ( wife of Lord Vishnu ) who wanted to be with her husband Vishnu on earth.

In almost every literary fest Hinduism is denigrated, and enough MOTH EATEN FACES  are invited. The subject will soon be opened up, like Sringara Rasa and out comes the devadasis, like the proverbial bad penny. .  

The immoral white invader had distorted the interpretations of Sringara by using the FAKE concept of devadasis.

Punch into Google search-

DEVADASI SYSTEM , THE IMMORAL LIE OF TEMPLE DANCER PROSTITUTES CREATED BY THE WHITE INVADER VADAKAYIL

Kama cannot be narrowly interpreted and stereo typed ( like secularism) as merely an erotic urge.  Almost all rasas proceed from desire ( Kama ).  Is not desire is the main engine of the planet?

The white muff historian has written a LIE that in ancient India, a widow without children was allowed to have sex with the appropriate person in order to have a child ( Niyoga ).

Manu Smriti prohibits such a thing.

They quote poison injected puranas to justify Niyoga. 

Now they have gone on over drive.  Niyoga is the central issue of Anahat, a Marathi feature film directed by Amol Palekar.  It was showcased at the International Film Festival of India 2003 and the foreign funded media went GA GA about this. 

Bad karma—this man has a lesbian daughter. . His family line is DEAD . You see,  your family line has come down since antiquity, because of progeny. Then one find day it reaches a dead end.

He is one of the main signatories against Sec 377 of IPC.

At the literary fests the moth eaten NEW WORLD ORDER foreign cocktail circuit stooges give unsolicited bull--- 


“ Pre-marital sex is allowed in Hinduism--- BLAH BLAH.--  There are many instances in our history and Hindu scriptures mentioning pre-marital sex -- BLAH BLAH-- .  The extra marital affairs are personal affairs, we should let individuals to decide about it. Hence it is improper to call them anti-Hindu acts.  BLAH BLAH --  Gandharva Marriage is the voluntary union of a maiden and her lover, which arises from desire and sexual intercourse for its purpose ". BLAH BLAH .


The muffs tried to destroy our Hindu system of arranged marriage stating that Vatsayana wanted love marriage.

“ There are many different ways of meeting a suitable partner described in Vatsayana's "Kama Sutra 

". The conclusion is that the marriage based on love called the gandharva marriage brings the most happiness to a couple ”


Try again you muffs.   India has the least percentage of divorce on this planet.  This too is the result of the perversions of wannabe gora gaands –our pickle johns and chutney marys.


Following Kundalini awakening, the brain turns into a super-conductor with a focus like a laser beam.  This is why the ancient Maharishis with 12 strand DNA and king sized pineal glands and a raised Kundalini, could measure diameters of planets, compute the speed of light  and record it 7000 years ago.    

Draupadi ( Panchali ) is the Kundalini and the 5 husbands are the five human chakras  she has to cross before she finds refuge in the topmost Sahasrara chakra ..


Why do you think the white man tripped over each other to learn Sanskrit ?

To translate the  Kamasutra ?

The white man wanted to steal the math, science , medicine , philosophy, astronomy etc .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/isaac-newton-calculus-thief-capt-ajit.html

Owner of  British East India company , Jew Rothschild created Vithoba Temple, of Pandharpur at the banks of river Chandrabhaga,-- it  became first in India to invite women and people from backward classes as priests in May 2014 .

Wikipedia dates the temple as 13th century— the first time I can see an temple getting back dated by the white Jew.

Women priests are NOT allowed as per Hindus scriptures .

R media darling , Triple Sri Ravishankar has been on a Lord Vithobha sponsoring spree lately—all over R controlled TV.

During British rule Rothschild controlled Chitpavan Jews nay brahmins made sure that every Marathi movie or book or poem contained at least one scene of the Maratha praying to Rothschild creation Lord Vithobha or Panduranga for deliverance.

Before the white invader came to India nobody ever heard of Lord Vithoba or Vittala .

Vitthala is a Kannada deity rather than a Marathi deity. Geographically, Pandharpur is on the border of Maharashtra and Karnataka. The ancient name of Pandharpur was Pandarage.

Rothschild created a saint by the name of Pundalik, to be closely associated with this shrine, and called it Pundarika Pura.

Back dated cock and bull storied were injected into our Hindu puranas.

Here we go-

One fine evening Lord Vishnu was strutting around in the gardens of his palace mansion when the gorgeous wife of Lord Indra (God of Gods), Sachi tried to seduce Lord Vishnu.

She just developed a massive crush on Vishnu, despite the fact that she was married and it was a crime to do adultery.

But Vishnu rejected her amorous advances and told her that her desire would be fulfilled only in the next birth – when Lord Vishnu took on the avatar of Lord Krishna and Sachi became Radha with the SOLE intention of having sexual intercourse . ( Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna , the avatar of Vishnu is a fake creation of Rothschild) .

So in the next birth Radha (Sachi) and Krishna (Vishnu) became hush hush lovers. Krishna and his mistress Radha used to meet each other frequently but stealthily in Dwaraka. But hey. Lord Krishna’s wife was NOT a moron.

She knew that something sexual was cooking between her husband Lord Krishna and the beautiful Radha. Queen Rukmini, cried enough is enough and decided to punish her husband Krishna .

So one find night Queen Rukmini ran away from the palace in Dwaraka. She undertook a severe penance in Dindirvana with the objective of winning her strayed husband Krishna back. Pretty soon Lord Krishna turned into a repentant husband. He at once instituted a search for his missing wife Queen Rukmini.

He searched far and wide but could not trace her. But he finally spotted Rukmini meditating in the dense jungles of Dindirvana. When Krishna went near her and tried to woo her back, she did not recognise him at all TEE HEEEE !

Lord Krishna decided to go for a Mexican standoff. he launched a counter-tapasya and stood before her. He stood there for 28 ‘yugas'. Oh Boy ! TEE HEEEE !

Both Krishna and Rukmini would have stood there for longer for several more yugas , but were unintentionally intervened by our man Pundalik , the great devotee -- our Jew Rothschild creation .

Serendipity at its very best.

Once when Pundalik’s parents were sleeping river Bhima made too much noise. This is NOT good OK ? So our man Pundlaika commanded the violent Bhima River not to disturb his sleeping parents.

The river immediately mellowed and now flows silently as the Chandrabhaga in Pandharpur. TEE HEEEEE !

Till today you can find Lord Vithoba standing on that brick ( was it baked ? ) , waiting to be entertained by his 'host', Pundalika of Pandharpur.

Radha the mistress of Lord Krishna is a Jew R creation.

Rothschild got his Chitpavan Brahmin stooges to inject into Skanda Purana , the name ‘Panduranga’ as a synonym for ‘Vitthala’.

Nobody ever heard of Vitthala and Pandharpur before the Chitpavan Jews started re-writing local history—back dating every thing by several centuries. Every Maharashtrian is now familiar with the term ‘Varkari’ . A Varkari is one who religiously performs the vari (pilgrimage) to Pandharpur on foot, especially during the months of Ashadha (mid June to mid July) and Kartika (mid October to mid November).

Many people go on pilgrimages, but the term ‘Varkari’ has got exclusively associated with the pilgrimage to Pandharpur—as it was made famous by Rothschild stooges .

When Vitthala ( Lord Krishna ) was searching for his missing wife Queen Rukmini (who was KUTTI with him ) in the deep Dindiravana forest, he bumped into our man Pundalika.

Pundalika was busy serving his parents, whom he used to treat like sh#t before . But see now he had turned over a new leaf. TEE HEEE !

So he provided a brick ( was it baked ? ) for Lord Krishna - nay- Vitthala to rest on.( maybe there was ankle deep dirty water around ?-- beats me ! TEE HEEEEE !)

 Vitthala stood on the brick and waited patiently for his devotee Pundalika . After completing his services, Pundalika prayed to Vitthala and sang his praises and glories. Lord Krishna was pleased like pudding.

So he decideTH to grantETH a boonETH .

Pundalika requested Vitthala ‘to stay here permanently and lift jivas from ignorance’. ( I am touched !)

Lord Krishna – nay- Lord Vitthala --nay- Lord Vitthoba --nay- Lord Panduranga happily assented to the loving demands of his devotee Pundlaika . Hence the place came to be known as Pundarikapur.

Rothschild even got his stooges to write a back dated Panduranga-shataka-stotra composed by Adi Shankaracharya ( 2000 BC ) referring to our man Pundlalika .

The fake white historian records that that King Krishnadeva Raya of Vijayanagar had the image of Panduranga taken to Hampi, to prevent desecration by Muslim invaders. The absence of the deity sent the whole of Pandharpur into a pall of gloom gloom like Jughead’s Hot Dog.

So then , who brought it back? Well, it was Paithankar Bhanudas Maharaj who brought back the deity to Pandharpur.

Ashtavakra is a character in the of the Sanskrit play Uttara-Ramacaritam composed by the FAKE backdated Bhavabhuti— which talks about Lord Rama’s later life after he ill treated his wife Sita ( sic ).

The immoral white invader writes that Maharishi Ashtavakra is mentioned in Mahabharata.

Sorry, NO such Ashtavakra exists.

NOBODY IN INDIA HEARD OF CRIPPLE—NAY—PHYSICALLY CHALLENGED SAGE ASHTAVAKRA ( WITH 8 DEFORMITIES ) TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA .

Wanna know how this FAKE sage got crippled?

His mother Sujata was in the family way, with a healthy CHENGA non-ashtavakra inside her womb.

But alas !

Sujata was in the habbit of sitting near her father and husband while they were teaching the Vedas . Her unborn child attained mastery over the Vedas by listening to his grandfather expound them. Kahoda was not equally skilled as his Guru, however, and made a number of mistakes while reciting the scriptures. Unable to bear these errors, the child in the womb got really PISSED OFF and started correcting them from his mother’s womb!

Humiliated before his disciples, Kahoda cursed his own son, saying, “As you insulted your father, may you be born with eight bends in your body!”. Accordingly, the child was born with his body crooked in eight places, and was named Ashtavakra (one with eight deformations). TEEE HEEEE !

So So, Sita’s father King Janaka in due course of time became the disciple of our cripple—nay—physically challenged—nay man with special abilities--Ashtravakra.

So so—like how Lord Krishna gave a spiritual discourse to Arjuna ( bhagawat Gita )—our cripple—nay—specially abled man invented by the white invader, gave a discourse to King Janaka the father in law of Lord Rama of the Ramayana.

SEE MAHABHARATA IS GETTING TOUGH COMPETITION FROM RAMAYANA—THERE GOES THE WEDGE TO DIVIDE AND RULE.

ASHTAVAKRA GITA WITH 20 POISON INJECTED CHAPTERS CHALLENGED THE BELIEFS OF HINDUSIM WITH BIZARRE POISON INJECTED STUFF.

THIS IS ROTHSCHILD COMMUNIST STUFF .

OUR OWN TRIPLE SRI RAVISHANKAR HAS BEEN PREACHING ASHTAVAKRA GITA.

It is being touted as ADVAITA VEDANTA—

These people have NO idea what is brahmAn –and these are our gurus today.

They also say that Hinduism allows homosexuality. Vishnu and Shiva had homosexual sex and produced Lord Ayyappa, whose pilgrimage spot is No 1 on the planet today ( sabarimala )

The white historian has written “ Ramakrishna Paramahamsa persuaded his disciple Swami Vivekananda to study ‘Ashtavakra Gita’ .

The white invader has even thrown Ramana Maharshi into the works for good measure. The FAKE mutts created by the white invader propagated these books.

There are no other statements anywhere in Ashtavakra Gita brimming with transcendental wisdom like the Bhagawad Gita coming out of a superior being of DNA exceeding 13 strands -- beyond time and space.

This is why nobody will ever talk about a mundane Ashtavakra's Gita, which offers a common man NO solace — you have to change yourself like these Johnny come lately single messiah single holy book religions .

These are suitable for the western mind—NOT the Indian mind.

While the whole world goes GA GA about Bhagawad Gita.

Ashtavakra Gita is like a POTTED PLANT --no room for expansion—while bhagawad Gita is VAST LIKE THE COSMOS which has space for you , and offers you immense solace .

The difference between Bhagwad Gita and a single holy book of newly sprouted religions  ( Ashtavakra Gita ) included— is that these single holy books do NOT allow you to add or take anything from it, like modern zionist multinational company manuals. 

This is the difference between a book uttered by God and a book uttered by a OSHO TYPE mortal .

The FAKE Krittivasa Ramayana, was an R sponsored book how king Bhagiratha, who brought the sacred river Ganga from heaven to earth, was born out of LESBIAN SEXUAL UNION of two widows .

These POISON FILLED Sanskrit and Bengali texts ridiculously explain that his name Bhagiratha comes from the word bhaga (vulva), because he was born of two vulvas.

The R sponsored Krittivasi Ramayan is attributed to a back dated to 15th century Bengali poet Krittibas Ojha. It is supposed to be a translation of the Ramayana into Bengali, which represents the first translation of the Ramayana into any North Indian language other than Sanskrit. 

The current edited and abridged version of the epic is attributed to a R stooge Jaygopal Tarkalankar and was published in 1834.

Sri Sri Ravishankar has become a darling of the west after he said that homosexuality is sanctioned by Hinduism. When asked about homosexuality, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, founder of the international Art of Living movement, said, “Every individual has both male and female in them. Sometimes one dominates, sometimes other; it is all fluid.”

Today they are making out the FAKE Kamasutra ( translated by Richard Burton) and “supposed to be written “ by FAKE Vatsayana as a sexual text about Krishna and his FAKE mistress Radha ..

Here is a sample-
QUOTE : For erring men, the Kama Sutra recommends this evergreen rule:
A lady, however shy or furious she may be, cannot ignore a man falling at her feet, this is a universal rule (meaning not restricted by time, place or context). (3.2.11)
Indeed, this was the very manner in which Lord Krishna, even after having sported with another female the whole night, managed to extract forgiveness from his beloved Radha.: UNQUOTE .

Jaipur literary fest attended by India’s moth eaten faced pseudo intellectuals always have a discussion of Vatsayana’s Kamasutra.

THIS SEXUALLY EXPLICIT TRIPLE X BOOK ADHIKA SANTWANAM WAS WRITTEN BY ROTHSCHILD STOOGE CHARLES PHILIP BROWN.

HE USED HIS TELUGU SIDE KICK VENKATANARASU , TO GHOST WRITE FOR A GHOST DEVADASI MUDDUPALANI.

THE ORIGINAL VERSION CANNOT BE PUBLISHED-- AS IT IS TOO VULGAR .

THIS BOOK IS ABOUT THE FAKE MISTRESS OF LORD KRISHNA RADHA AND HER NIECE ILA FU#KING LORD KRISHNA EVERY WHICH WAY --

BOTH TAKING TURNS IN SEXUAL INTERCOURSE AND ABNORMAL SEX , WITH AUNT RADHA PROVIDING THE KAMA SUTRA COACHING TO THE YOUNG GIRL.

AND THIS WAS BEING TOUTED AS SRINGARA RASA .

well,wait for my post.

Today the YSR christian converts call this immoral man Charles Philip Brown, as the savior of telugu language.

Who is Nandita Das?

She was one of the first to portray lesbianism on bollywood screen ( Fire 1996 ) — and this made big brothers gang notice her.

The Bollywood movie FIRE explicitly show homosexual relations usning the names Sita ( wife of Lord Rama ) and the FAKE Radha ( mistress of Lord Krishna ).

In the initial weeks following the release of Fire, big brother controlled reviewers praised the film's explicit depiction of a lesbian relationship as "gutsy", "explosive", "pathbreaking" etc.

She has been awarded R controlled Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres by the Government of France for her “work”.

This starlet was thefirst Indian to be inducted into their International Women's Forum's hall of fame for her contributions to “arts”.

Nandita Das was appointed as the chairperson of the Children's Film Society of India in 2009.

Her below average movie Firaaq, ( 2002 Gujarat riots—on going conflict between Hindus and Muslims ) she directed premiered at the Toronto International Film Festival in 2008, and has travelled to more than 50 festivals, winning “much appreciation from critics” and has won over 10 international awards . 

If you praise Firaaq , you will be considered as an intellectual by the foreign supari fed main stream Indian media.

Nandita Das was a member of the main jury at the Cannes Film Festival in 2005, among other reputed international film festivals.

She was a signatory of the open letter for the overturning of section 377 of the Indian penal code ( homosexuality ) by gay writer Vikram Seth.

Among many other things she says – “ The decision on Sec 377 – it’s completely crazy. We are almost tolerating more and more intolerance. We are becoming regressive by the day instead of progressing as a nation.  A nation doesn’t progress by the number of billionaires in the country. ( a nation progresses by the number of dongs which are inserted into assholes, right ? )  We need to be really progressive, in giving freedom of thought, expression, and giving space to everyone to live the way they want to live. I was quite shocked by the verdict. I had signed one of the petitions for it. But these kind of struggles have to go on. In every field, voices will be suppressed. But those in the public domain must speak up.”

Below:  Her sister is the wife of Prannoy Roy of NDTV ( the Hindu hating TV channel ) who has an Irish mother .. 



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/03/holi-celebrations-immoral-attack-on.html 

   


Above:  Arundhati Roy ( Aazadi for Kashmir and save Naxals ) is Prannoy Roy's cousin .

MANY SELF LOATHING HINDUS HAVE BEEN CONVERTED TO ATHEIST R COMMUNISTS !
The Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, had become a point of friction between the  pro-gay, pro-New World Order U.S. and the anti-gay, anti-NWO Russia. 

To make things even worse, Obama decided to skip the Sochi Games and instead appointed three openly gay athletes – Tennis player Billie Jean King, hockey player Caitlin Cahow and figure skater Brian Boitano to the group.

This was made as an obvious slap on the face to Putin and a huge insult the Olympic hosts Russia .
“Conservative” Republicans, who love and yearn the good old days of the Cold War, were itching for a fight at the OK Corral.    

Just like what the boorish NATO leaders did at G21 summit at Brisbane with the Ugly Aussie PM threatening to “shirt front” Putin. 



 Lacking any arguments to justify their newly-found love for the NWO gays, they argue that Putin should not be trusted, because he was a member of the dreaded KGB.     

They developed temporary amnesia that the war criminal US President  George H. W. Bush was a Director of the dreaded CIA, a CFR-created and controlled organization, that has done more to destroy America than the KGB.

Faced with strong criticism during a recent news conference of the World Congress of Families at Washington D.C., Alexei Komov, the WCF representative in Russia, mentioned that some Rothschild bankers for whom he used the euphemism “Wall Street bankers” were among the “international professional forces of evil,” that had “introduced communism” and “imposed” it on Russia.   

This is true-and all my readers must read the post below  , Putin appears to have read this post .
Putin knows that R funded Jews killed the czar  .  

I picked up lot of info from my Russian Engineers grandfather who was a Gulag victim .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/exhuming-dirty-secrets-of-holodomor.html



Immediately the entire west screamed ANTI- SEMITIC !

R knew that Russian Baku oil field was the then largest known oil deposit in the world.

As expected, R and his agents , John D. Rockefeller ,  Andrew Mellon, J.P. Morgan , Andrew Carnegie etc , were deeply alarmed about the Russians challenging their ambitions of controlling the world oil supply, and they began conspiring to develop a plan to stop the Russians in their tracks.    

 They reckoned the  only way to achieve their goal was to depose a great leader and the beloved ruler of Russia  Czar Nicholas II, and the only way to accomplish that was through a R funded Bolshevik “revolution.”

They used the Hegelian Dialectic and murdered the Czar and his lovely family .  They gave a bad name to Rasputin to run down the Czarina.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/rasputin-and-his-wart-capt-ajit.html



Karl Marx was a German Jew and a close blood relative of R.

With the help of the conspirators, Lenin returned to Russia with plenty of gold in his famous “sealed” train, and, soon after Jew Trotsky, under the protection of President Wilson and Colonel House, followed Jew Lenin’s path with more gold.    

This gold made possible the Russian “revolution.”

The fact, however, that the Russian “revolution” was actually a covert operation concocted by R controlled international bankers, is now old hat..

In a speech to the House of Commons on November 5, 1919, Jew Winston Churchill (mother Jennie Jerome was a Jewess )  exposed in a few words the whole conspiracy:

. . . Lenin was sent into Russia . . . in the same way that you might send a vial containing a culture of typhoid or of cholera to be poured into the water supply of a great city, and it worked with amazing accuracy.  No sooner did Lenin arrive than he began beckoning a finger here and a finger there to obscure persons in sheltered retreats in New York, Glasgow, in Bern, and other countries, and he gathered together the leading spirits of a formidable sect, the most formidable sect in the world . . . With these spirits around him he set to work with demoniacal ability to tear to pieces every institution on which the Russian State depended. Russia was laid low. Russia had to be laid low. She was laid low to the dust.

What Churchill failed to mention, though, was that the ones who had disseminated the Communist plague were all R controlled  bankers from England, Europe and the U.S. and R agents like Sir George Buchanan and Lord Alfred Milner (members of the Round Table, who had been instrumental in the creation of the CFR), the Warburgs, the Rockefellers and J.P. Morgan.   

With their investment, the conspirators had created a pseudo-enemy they controlled —to some extent.  
Soon after, the Soviet Union became the bogeyman they used for many years as a credible threat to manipulate and control the U.S. and other Western countries.   

Unfortunately, the credible threat they had created disappeared when the Soviet Union imploded in 1989.   Then in a most cunning manner R created a new bogeyman: terrorism. 

The rest is history.

Putin wise to true history has built up a proud new Russia , determined to keep western decadence away. Putin dared to take on the New World Order, and won every bout . 

But hey, the R controlled NWO began a determined effort to destroy Russia from within . They created a new virus they want to infect the Russian people with: the Gay Movement.

NWO leader and Zionist stooge Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, a senior CFR agent, shocked all by declaring that the U.S. would only provide aid to countries that support “gay rights.”.   




This is why I say Modi must learn world intrigue from Putin before Bharatmata is fatally wounded .  

The evil R stooges have placed Modi on CHANNE KAJHAD and are praising him endlessly — Naive Modi is falling prey to such FALTHU false praise .

Even the gays are NOT stupid enough to believe that the NWO cares for them. They know deep in their hearts that this is all a part of the world de-population measure. When the numbers come down they will be exterminated  .

The homosexuals know that the Zionists are using homosexuals as pawns to advance their secret agenda and the globalization plans of their CFR masters in a dirty political game.

The Jews tried to make Hitler a gay hater. But hey,  Ernst Rohm, No 2 man Rudolf Hess, Reinhardt Heydrich, and even Hitler’s driver, Emil Maurice, were well-known homosexuals.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/11/rudolf-hess-honourable-man-who-was.html

I must now warn my readers .  The NWO used the term gays for militant , action movement , homosexuals.

The process of “coming out of the closet,” by which a person tells to the world that he is gay, is basically not a sexual but a political act.  Just like a Jew and a Zionist there is a difference.

A Jew is a person professing a particular religion. A Zionist is a person pushing a particular political agenda.   In the same fashion, Liberace was a pianist who became famous in the 1950s. Though everybody knew that he was a homosexual, nobody cared, because the kept it private.    

On the contrary, Elton John is a gay man who is also a pianist. He uses his fame as a pianist to push the gay agenda.  Even Diana pushed his gay agenda .




According to the gay movement’s disinformation story, the term “gay” was created to counteract the negative connotations attached to the term “homosexual.”  

Homosexuals do NOT even realize that they are being recruited  under a false flag. Exactly the same way Gandhi recruited 13 lakh Indian soldiers for WW1 and 25 lakh Indian soldiers for WW2 –under the ridiculous banner of AHIMSA .,  

The naïve Indians could not even figure out that the Ahimsa was selective – kill the Germans ,  but not the White invader .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/mahatma-gandhi-re-writing-indian.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/the-diabolical-brain-washing-process-of.html


The whole world knows that Putin gives a damn for R , R’s remote controlled agencies and the Bilderberg Club.   He is not conspiring in the shadows to eliminate Russia’s sovereignty and create a New World Order — a global government controlled by R stooges- the oil magnates,  the international banksters and CEOs of transnational corporations. 

It will not be so easy for them, however, to get rid of Putin the same way they got rid of Kennedy.  Despite all the anti-Russian propaganda related to the Winter Olympics at Sochi, Putin  does not hate or persecute  homosexuals.   He simply does not want the gay movement to turn the event into a tribune to advance the gay movement’s New World Order agenda.   

Evidence of this is President Putin congratulating and embracing openly gay speedskater Ireen Wust for her gold medal.   Did NOT Jesse Owens say ( contrary to R controlled media ) that every time his eyes met Hiter , he would smile and wave out to him? 

Russia has become the main obstacle in the globalist conspirators way to fully implement their gay New World Order; that’s why they have been encircling Russia trying to bring her to her knees.  Modi must know that we Indians and the desh bhakt socialmedia , will fight tooth and nail to prevent Bharatmata from beinginjected with Western debauchery  .

The freedom loving yanks must know this – an attack of Putin and Russia will NOT benefit you . Putin is your friend and NOT your enemy. Your real enemy are the International banksters and the Zionists who have foisted the Gay pride movement on you. 

I ask you to unmask this EVIL gay movement and show the naïve oppressed white Christian people what it really is: a reactionary, extremist political movement disguised as a progressive social one.
  
Of course, every one who attacks the gay movement is immediately accused of being homophobic. Like 6 million Jews laws will soon be made to persecute you, for soon gays will become protected species penquins.  

Many opportunist people will take advantage and pretend to be gays and lesbians while happily living in with some opposite sex lover.

Unmasking militant gays, however, has nothing to do with sexuality, much less with an irrational fear of homosexuals (the true meaning of “homophobia”).   Help your brainwashed homosexual friends to liberate themselves from the gay mental straitjacket.  

Tell them who their true enemy is.  Tell them to hold the rainbow flag with caution. Nation building cannot be done by gays .

Most Russians ( unlike Chinese )  now know who brought communism to their country. Chinese stillthink that Mao walked all the way in his great long march ( he detoured and took a ship ) .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/08/chinese-revolution-biggest-genocide-on.html

Free thinking Christian white men and women now consider Putin as a hero and an ally who will free them from the vice grip of the International Banksters and the Zionists.

Millions of homosexuals in Third World countries, have no intention of making a political statement by coming out of a closet on a call by Zionists - they have never been in by openly proclaiming their homosexuality, cannot be called gays.   

Obviously, “gay” is a political term, while “homosexual” is a sociological one.  The fact that some gays are homosexuals does not mean that the terms are interchangeable.

For the perceptive , when you see fresh shit, the biological reflex is to salivate and the social reflex is to spit .

The R controlled gay movement paints itself as liberal, progressive and socially conscious.  Today the free world knows that it is a Hegelian dialectic tool of the NWO.

 I dare anybody to show me some condemnation to the R International banksters in any Gay literature.

Oh Blimey—from next year onwards R may arrange for rainbow banners outside the Bilderberg meetings.

Below : The brave journalist shat in his pants and was scrapping the shit out the whole night-- such was the cold stare .



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/shrewd-club-within-naive-bilderberg.html

I want my readers to know that gays are trained like the Rohtak  gypsy midget sisters to play victim.  They know how to bleed themselves and put you in jail.  

Saif Ali Khan was screwed by the Ashok Kavi Row gay character .  This man was was used by R agents to launch Debonair to entice men into homosexuality . The cover showed that it was for straight men

They went around giving FAKE propaganda that bachelor PM Vajpayee could NOT sleep unless he had a dekho into this smut magazine and had one under his pillow at all times.




The naxal women are trained to bleed their vaginas with sticks and stones and terrorize the Indian jawans .   It is in their terror manuals .   This is the reason why the Maoists recruit women.   

The RAPE cry by the JUDAS Indian media is to force by a hegelian dialectic , the govt to frame strict gender laws-  even stricter than the current Hindu dowry laws . 


Then in 1990, all pretence was dropped and Debonair announced the launch of Bombay Dost by hardcore gay Ashok Row Kavi who vehemently pushes Gay marriages via his Humsafar trust.    India’s only openly gay prince, Manvendra Singh Gohil, has launched two magazines targeting the gay community.

R controlled Devdutt Pattanaik has compiled “Queer ideas in Hindu metaphysics and mythology”.
Devdutt Pattanaik wrote the book” Man Who Was a Woman and Other Queer Tales From Hindu Lore” which was published by R controlled Haworth Press, USA.   Devdutt has LIED that Hindusim accepts homosexuality, cross dressing or homosexual intercourse .

Devdutt Pattanaik does NOT have the brains or the perception to understand the Hindu concept .  

I ask Narendra Modi to put this CULTURAL TERRORIST under the scanner . 

I ask my readers to put the link of this post in PM Modi's and Rajnath Singh's websites when it is complete .


He has confused Shiva / Shaki merger to be a trangender.




Tantric art has captured the images of the Hindu god Shiva and his consort, the goddess Shakti, in ecstatic union.  This is NOT perverted sex. 

In the Tantric cosmology, the whole universe is perceived as being created, penetrated and sustained by two fundamental forces, which are permanently in a perfect, indestructible union.
These forces or universal aspects are called Shiva and Shakti.

Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
There is no place that He is not.
There is no place that She is not.
They are one and the same.
She is in every thing.
She is in every word.
She is all there is.
See Her in all things.
Hear Her in all sounds.
Know Her in all thoughts.
Feel Her in all feelings.
She is all there is.
She is the one in the three worlds.
Shiva and Shakti are one and the same.
That is the secret.

Shiva is recognized as the embodiment of pure consciousness, and Shakti as the embodiment of pure energy.  Through uniting with Shiva, Shakti gave form to his spirit and created the universe.

SHIVA symbolizes consciousness, the masculine principle. SHAKTI symbolizes the feminine principle, the activating energy.

The cosmos in all its manifestations, as an act of love. The relationship between Shakti and Shiva is the dance of consciousness and energy experienced within each of us, regardless of gender.

Shiva resides in the highest Sahasrāra Chakra and Shakti in the lowest Mūlādhāra Chakra.   When Prakriti and Purusha unite in the Sahasrāra Chakra ( raising of Kundalini ) , knowledge, knower and the object of knowledge become one. 

Sankhya philosophy unified the Advaita and Dvaita forms of Hinduism in a most interesting manner.   Here when the insentient Prakriti ( female –Dvaita ) comes in contact with the sentient Purusha (male –Advaita ) , the universe evolves. 

Tantric system borrows the abstract dualism of Sankhya and modifies it into a personified male–female dualism. Prakriti functions by borrowing conscioussness from Purusha.

Shiva represents the constitutive elements of the universe, while Shakti is the dynamic potency, which makes these elements come to life and act. The Samkhya philosophy promulgates a primordial cosmic duality. 

From the Tantric perspective, this "scheme" of creation is transformed, in the sense that the two cosmic principles are considered united, not separated.

Tantrism confers to Shiva and Shakti the qualities of the feminine and masculine principles from the Samkhya philosophy. The eternal and indestructible union between Shiva and Shakti gives birth to the whole Macrocosm, in its stable, static aspect as well as in its dynamic one. 

Not only is Shakti responsible for creation, it is also the agent of all change

THIS UNION IS THE SIX POINTED STAR OF JUDE WHICH THE JEWS STOLE . 

JUDAISM WAS FOUNDED BY DISGRACED NAMBOODIRIS ,  AT A TIMEWHEN PALESTINE ( PALISTHAN ) WAS RULED BY INDIA .






Can any Jew every think in such a profound manner ?   How do these mentally blunt people corner all the Nobel prizes ?

Both Shiva and Shakti are Consciousness---- Shiva is the changeless static aspect of Consciousness, and Shakti is the kinetic, active aspect of the same Consciousness. Shakti is manifested by Shiva only during creation and is withdrawn into himself at the end of creation.

Modern science repeats from our Vedas that matter and energy are interchangeable.  So does consciousness and energy .  In the highest planes they are interchangeable, which is why we see a great incongruence between our spiritual experiences and the external reality. 

In the higher metaphysical realms and subtle planes of our consciousness the physical laws of our universe lose their validity.

Tayor yad yamalam rupam sa samghatta iti smrtah---
Ananda-saktih saivokta yato visvam visrjyati,
Na Sivah Saktirahito na Saktih Sivavarjita.  ---(Tantraloka-Ahnika, 3.)

"The coupled form of these two (Shiva-Shakti) is called junction.  That is called the blissful Shakti from which creation arises. There is no Shiva without Shakti, nor Shakti without Shiva."

Now let us proceed to some poison injected by the immoral white invader--

QUOTE Ardhanarishwara - often referred to as a hermaphrodite or androgynous deity, is one of the principal forms of Shiva.  Homosexuals, hermaphrodites and transvestites can be considered sacred beings - "images" of Ardhanarishwara.UNQUOTE ( sic ).

Shakti awakens, goes up sushumna nadi and unites with Shiva in sahasrara chakra. Shiva represents the higher cosmic consciousness and Shakti represents evolution of energy. Kundalini yoga is based on this concept. The union of Shakti with Shiva is the liberation of seeker from the cycle of endless birth and death.

The Ardha-Nari, which literally means, "half-woman", is the Soul of the tiny atom to the vast cosmos.   All creation starts from Him.   

Though Shakti is not co-existent with Purusha, ( Shiva ), she requires his presence to keep the cosmos functioning smoothly.   Shiva ( Purusha/ brahmAn ) , though he wields unlimited power, he cannot create the universe without the Eternal Life Force of Shakti to back him. 

The concept of Ardhanarishvara clearly brings out the fact that Prakriti (Shakti) and Purusha (Shiva) are nothing without each other and one cannot exist and function in the absence of the other.

Purusha ( Brahman / morphogenetic consciousness field / Shiva ) is static .  Shakti ( pragati) is the dynamic side of Brahman.

In each cycle of creation, Para Brahman enters into Prakriti and this union unfolds as the cosmos.  In the pralaya or dissolution at the end of the cosmic cycle or kalpa all creation withdraws into the now formless Prakriti.   Prakriti expresses Herself through the three gunas ( tamas/ sattva / rajas--  - creator/ preserver / destroyer ) , the threads or qualities of all creation.

Unlike Prakriti, the Purusha is only a Drashta or Sakshi (witness) of events in this universe. It merely plays the role of a spectator and does not create anything. This aspect could be compared to a prism, which emits myriad colors only when light is passed through it. 

Unlike Prakriti,  Purusha is not material in nature.  It does not depend on anything, nor does anything depend on it.  Purusha, hence, is far beyond Prakriti and is totally separate from it.

Prakriti cannot create anything by itself.  Let us be very clear about this.  Its true power can only be activated in union with Purusha.

Purusha is always unchanging in nature and hence, it is Achala or static.  Prakriti, on the contrary, constantly creates changes in this universe, hence is the dynamic one.



  
Devdutt also wrote an essay, “Homosexuality in Ancient India” which was published by Debonair in 2000.    The BENAMI  Indian media splashed it and it was well received by the Gay community which hosted the article on the Gay Bombay website. 

All this is beyond the wildest dreams of the CULTURAL TERRORIST  Devdutt Pattanaik .  

Devdutt Pattanaik was made the chief belief officer of Zionist controlled Future Group, whose net income is more than 1000 crores,  - one of India's largest retailers .

Chief Belief Officer to strike at the roots of Hinduism !!.

I warn him--  

Be careful boy — or you can do chakki peesing is some jail where you will also need lot of grease . Your R agents cannot save you .







Here is another form of CULTURAL TERRORISM  .

SUBJECT :  Nobel prize an opportunity to fight for children, Kailash Satyarthi says  .
####################################

PAKISTANIS DO NOT CARE FOR ZIONIST STOOGE MALALA   .

INDIANS DO NOT CARE FOR ZIONIST STOOGE KAILASH SATYARTHI OF RUGMARK  / GOODWEAVE FAME   .

NO MATTER HOW MUCH THE BENAMI INDIAN FRONT MEDIA AND THEIR FOREIGN SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES SHOW THIS MAN WITH A SLIMY SMILE AS A KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR --  

WE INDIANS KNOW THAT HE KILLED THE ULTRA SKILLED FAMILY BASED COTTAGE INDUSTRIES  AND CAUSED BHARATMATA TO BLEED   . .these children went to school and played after school . they were NOT slaves of their own parents .  

Their families had passed on ULTRA weaving skills for thousands of years from one generation to the other .

LET US SEE IF NARENDRA MODI HUGS THIS MAN EVER AGAIN  .

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Nobel-prize-an-opportunity-to-fight-for-children-Kailash-Satyarthi-says/articleshow/45435901.cms

capt ajit vadakayil
..
     





Karan Thapar has been engaging in direct CULTURAL TERRORISM  again and again- with Hindus and ancient India always at the receiving end ..

Want an example?

Thapar was the creep who said that Lord Ayyappa ( the ninth avatar of Lord Vishnu ) is the offspring of a homosexual union between Lord Shiva and Lord Vishnu on TV in prime time.   

Could he had done a similar thing if he was a TV anchor in Saudi Arabia ?   He says this in India because there is NO retribution  from tolerant Hindus.

Shiva and Vishnu are force fields in the cosmos. They have been personalized for lores .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/05/dvaita-vedanta-of-sanatana-dharma-or.html

I had gone to my friends place two days ago.    We were having a nice chat with the TV running on foreign funded Indian channel CNN-IBN, which was being watched by my friends daughter.

Suddenly our mental and physical midget Karan Thapar’s face pops up on screen. 

And this is what he said “ Gays express their love for each other with penile oral and penile anal sex. ( apparently this moron never heard of the word LUST )

Mt friends teen aged daughter suddenly got up red faced , put off the TV and went inside .  All of us were terribly embarrassed .

Who has allowed Karan Thapar to say this on national TV on prime time?     

If this is not CULTURAL TERRORISM by an TV anchor on prime time , what is it ?

The BENAMI media tries to portray that M.F.Hussain ( who painted Hindu gods having sexual orgies ) as a victim of cultural terrorism , while the truth is, it was vice versa.   

Islam's true doctrine may be viewed as being clouded by   frequent acts of cultural terrorism. These acts spread across time and nations. Extremists ( example ISIS ) want to not just snatch away the right to life, but also eliminate culture.

The pea brained media has made out the ban of Kamalahaasan’s Vishwva roopam to be cultrural terrorism.  Atheist Kamalhaasan even threatened to leave India ala MF Hussain .  Fuck off maan —we don’t care- and we wont miss you !



Wikipedia with doctored history is a cultural terrorist.  The main stream media which engages in disinformation is a cultural terrorist .

Disinformation is intentionally false or inaccurate information that is spread deliberately. It is an act of deception and false statements to convince someone of untruth.    Disinformation should not be confused with misinformation, information that is unintentionally false.

Unlike traditional propaganda techniques designed to engage emotional support, disinformation is designed to manipulate the audience at the rational level by either discrediting conflicting information or supporting false conclusions.  

Check out the prime times debates you see on Brenami Indian TV where they choose debaters to spread disinformation .  A common disinformation tactic is to mix some truth and observation with false conclusions and lies, or to reveal part of the truth while presenting it as the whole (a limited hangout).

Disinformation during war  is the deliberate spreading of false information to mislead an enemy as to one's position or course of action.  But our benami media is doing it on the behest of their foreign masters in peace time. 

We become slaves the moment we hand over the keys to the definition of reality, entirely over to a single Zionist entity - who controls world news media , TV and Hollywood .  

In the Libyan war, a rebel with a “gold plated gun” saunters past, an “embedded reporter” .  We are supposed to believe that it is Gaddafi’s gun.  This means the lion’s den is compromised. How sweet!

When asked why the US military decided to embed journalists with the troops, Lt. Col. Rick Long of the U.S. Marine Corps replied, "Frankly, our job is to win the war. Part of that is information warfare. So we are going to attempt to dominate the information environment." So it is about the US military wanting to get their own lies and black propaganda told.

Embedded reporters and journalists have lost all credibility. Today NO honest and self respecting journalist is willing to describe himself as 'embedded.'   To say that , it shows automatically,  that he is a PIMP of the first order , and a man without morals and ethics.

Most of the embedded reporters were just plain scared of losing their jobs and being black balled for ever, for they could ill afford to take on the US military and the US government simultaneously.  

The traitor label is hard to erase , one it is stuck on you by a vindictive force. They submitted like prostitutes and converted themselves into stenographers instead of journalists. Feelings of camaraderie always affect a journalist's ability to be independent and objective.

Embedded journalists have been engaged consistently in misleading rhetoric, and skewed portrayals. Pentagon propaganda was parroted by the “supposed to be free” US media.  For after all it is public opinion that wins wars.

Critical omissions and cherry picking were done by these embedded reporters. They churned out fake and photoshopped pictures, to prey on raw human emotions.. Embedded journalists are brain washed to see only one side of the coin. What type of ethics is this, when journalists BLIND TO HUMAN SUFFERING are made mouthpieces for war propaganda ?

It is most unfortunate that gruesome bloody wars are being treated as entertainment,  in the west.  What is all this deliberate blurring of lines between war news and entertainment, and this vulgar “showbizification of the news”.   Reporters are the new bed fellows of the army. 

Has the greed for TRP and demand for profits killed our human spirit?  Does UN exists only to protect the interests of AIPAC?

In his second inauguration address, President Bush pledged to "bring democracy to the world”.  His speech written by AIPAC speech writer , lasted 23 minutes. He mentioned the words "democracy" and "liberty" 21 times.  The world did NOT get fooled . They just recoiled in disgust, understanding quite well what the United States meant by "democracy" and "liberty".

Till the Internet age , Rothschild and his agents controlled world media, TV and Hollywood.  With the advent of the internet and social media Israel and the Jews have been totally exposed.





But they have now a Government aided program investing millions of dollars where they employ trolls and shills to do propaganda on line.  This pro-Jew propaganda is known as Hasbara.

Any person in the world can write or edit articles, and Wikipedia boasts that they has strict guidelines and procedures for accountability intended to ensure quality control and prevent vandalism, plagiarism or distortion.

But they allow the Hasbara shills , who are trained well by Israel , to doctor the Wikipedia content .
So the Jews must always smell of roses, right? Hasbara shills are trained to convert sunset into sunrise and vice versa.

These Hasbara trolls oppose free speech and try to suppress open and free debate and instead replace it with their own hasbara wash and spin. Honest gentle constructive criticisms have utterly failed to redirect Israel toward peace and civility .  The Zionist boosted Israeli Jewish society continues to drift toward Jewish fascism ,  jingoism and Talmudic racism.




Famous German poet Guenter Grass described Israel as the most dangerous state in the world.  I guess he has a point there , otherwise which nation on this planet , will pay people to tell lies, spam and troll on the Internet? I can never imagine India ever doing such a thing .

Hasbara targets political elites, opinion makers and the public simultaneously. It includes pounding your heads through the Zionist monopolized mass media. They use their funded NGOs , government agencies,  lobbying groups, bribes private citizens, hasbara students, lobbied up journalists and bloggers.

The Israeli government encourages every single citizen to actively engage in Hasbara. All that matters to a Hasbara shill is to discredit –nay-  sabotage every single criticism of Israel, true or false hardly matters.

It is hard to believe that Israel is so stupid that they believe all this will white wash their reputation as a  failed oppressor state that commits crimes against humanity as a matter of state policy—  and yet solely surviving on AIPAC largesse. 




The white Christian yank is now wise to these vulgar Jewish ways , and it is just  a matter of time, before the Jews get confronted by the USED white Christian man  . How long can this vile deception continue?  

Are we to believe that you can just hijack Wikipedia administrative structures to ensure your fraudulent changes go either undetected or unchallenged ?    There is NO way you can create a “brand image” completely at odds with the ugly truth OR an image which is brighter than the original , contravening the Laws of Physics.

How hard our BENAMI main stream media tried to make AKKAL KA DUSHMAN a genius and Narendra Modi a mass murdered drenched in blood and a evil sexual stalker.



Thousands of trolls are reported to have downloaded a software programme called Megaphone that sends an alert to the troll computers when an article critical of Israel is published.  They are then supposed to bombard the site with comments supporting Israel.

None of these trolls will have Jewish names.  They will speak as innocent net-surfers without a sinister agenda .  They and will write responses that will look personal but will be based on a carefully prepared list of messages that psychologists in the foreign ministry developed.

These Internet shills are selected through a careful screening process, which includes psychometric evaluation.  The Hasbara idea requires that Israel’s role in Internet Goebbelism is not highlighted . The troll must NOT be projected to have any Jewish link or political affiliation. 

Once democracy yields to kleptocracy, good governance is given a silent burial. The vacuum thus created is filled by a vicious nexus among politicians, bureaucrats and the corporate who companioning together change the laws of the land to serve their respective interests.

Over a course of time, the corporate interests take over the other interests and corporate start dictating terms to the politicians and the bureaucrats. For this they take recourse to greasing their palm or taking the help of lobbyists who, acting on behalf of corporates, influence the policy decisions of the governments, even trying to influence the appointment of ministers to the ministries which are of particular interests to them.

Revelations by Neera Radia tapes are clear pointers to this direction. The recent tape of conversation between corporate lobbyist Nira Radia and two famous journalists of India (Barkha Dutt and Vir Sanghvi) are the continued 21st century version of the trend started by Ramnath Goenka in 1980s.




How does a foreign funded TV channel like Times Now TV ( Arnab Goswami ) get hold of sensitive government bid documents.  How does he know in advance that so and so will hold Finance and Defence ministry joint ? 

Why do we allow Arnab to boast out his connections and take this as a big joke?   Or do we need to shut the TV channel down till he owns up as to who leaked these sensitive documents ?-- or maybe even put him in the cooler?  

There is no more independent journalism on regular Zionist monopolized mainstream media. You don't get published unless you espouse the corporate line.  If you don’t toe the corporate line , the foreign money bag who funds the media, will you get fired.

Investigative journalism" no longer exists—and if it does exist it is slanted to favor somebody who has “lobbied” .  Truth can only be found on the Internet, and you must look hard to find it.  Indians will do well to spot these double faced , desh drohi, media anchors and journalists.

Can you imagine— even Mother Teresa lobbied vigorously for UCC chairman Anderson .  Dow has paid for UC liabilities in the US—but not in India. If you look at it objectively Nira Radia is not even 1 millionth , as bad as this Vatican poster girl -  nay-- super saint.

The multi-nationals can come to India to do business. We Indians will NOT allow them to "lobby"  ( buy our minsters) and rule our country by remote control , and siphon off our nation's wealth.

Government's priority in policy should be the countrys' and  citizens’ interest. It can’t be the other way around.  Why do we allow all these foreign funded TV channels to dole out annual awards? These are sham awards for quid pro quo deals. 

Any award given with large amounts of cash must be construed as bribery.  Kailash Satayarthi is getting a lot of Nobel prize money today .

The business of the journalists is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. We are the tools and vassals of rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.” – “John Swinton, Chief of Staff New York Times at New York Press Club, 1953″

This is the naked truth about most modern journalism. When they first become a career media worker they start off with some values . Soon they start climbing the ladder, and then they prostitute themselves. It’s as common as it’s straightforward.  


The white invader subjected India to cultural genocide.  Christian Inquisition does NOT mean just torture and killing  .  The Portuguese invader subjected Goan Hindus to torture and murder for they would NOT convert to Christianity or even give up their ancient rich culture .   

The Hindu religion which respected all the life-forms of creation and which allowed for much singing, dancing, and rip-roaring celebration was replaced by a harsh imposition of ‘Christian’ guilt and the fear of eternal damnation , where you needed to be saved at all costs .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

Indigenous peoples have the collective and individual right not to be subjected to ethnocide and cultural genocide.  Any form of propaganda directed against them is cultural terrorism.  Cultural genocide is the systematic destruction of traditions, values, language, and other elements which make a one group of people distinct from other groups.

This cultural genocide is in far too many cases unethical and in others downright evil.   Forcing GM crops on a vulnerable nation is Cultural genocide.

Cultural genocide is in most cases terrible and cruel.  Alcoholism, disease, poverty, depression, suicide, domestic violence, crime, and a loss of identity and self-worth are legacies of cultural genocide.   

We all know how the immoral white man eliminated the natives of America and Australia by starvation and by use of small pox germ infested blankets  .

British colonialism was all about cultural terrorism- nay- genocide.

R gave Amartya Sen with a R wife the Nobel prize for whitewashing their cultural genocide . Famine was created - meat was made available but the vegetarian Hindu would rather die that eat meat  ..

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html



The white invader injected poison into our ancient Vedas and scriptures . The made the Hindu self loathing by rewriting our glorious history with foul lies .

The white man did cultural genocide so that their white soldier can have FREE SEX with young Indian girls after their first menses .

I want every Hindu to read the post below.


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/02/devadasi-system-immoral-lie-of-temple.html


Peace loving simple vegetarian Hindus were fooled by the white invader that their ancient scriptures supported animal sacrifice in temples .    There was NO animal sacrifice till the white invader came to India.    



Things go so bad that in 2009, at Gadhimai Nepal more than two and a half lakh ( 250000 ) cattle were chopped to death in a macabre orgy of violence in one temple alone.  

If this is NOT cultural terrorism , what is it ?  

If you fool your neighbours 4 year old daughter to suck on something very morbid in a deserted place, what is it ?




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/11/all-animal-sacrifices-in-hindu-temples.html



The white invader fooled the simple vegetarian Hindu into accepting that human sacrifice was an in thing allowed by our ancient scriptures.   

To fool the people they created several FAKE mutts and shankaracharyas all back dated .   Many Hindus became self loathing and converted to Christianity .

They converted Lord Shiva into a sexual predator.  

Shiva would roam around Deodhar forest with an erect phallus causing the wives of the Sapt rishis to run after him in lust, shedding their clothes, thus disturbing their maharishi husbands who were meditating.    

These seven , Maharishis ( who provided our Gotras ) are all allegories .   Sapta rishis are the 7 stars of the big dipper constellation  .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/polaris-and-great-bear-capt-ajit.html



With the Polaris star they form the rotating RH swastika , the symbol lifted by the Nazis.   





Buddha who lifted got his Swastika wrong as his symbol is meant for the south pole. This is what happens when you steal without understanding .


Indian Name/   Bayer/  Western name

Kratu/α /Dubhe
Pulaha/β /Merak
Pulastya/γ /Phecda
Atri/δ /Megrez
Angiras/ε /Alioth
Vasishtha/ζ /Mizar
Bhrigu/η /Alkaid


The entire astronomy of the Greeks is stolen from Hindu texts written in 5000 BC..



The white invader made the Hindu self loathing by making Lord Shiva a Aghori cannibal.  Now Shiva is a cosmic allegory. If you google AGHORI , you get  371, 000 posts .  Such is the extent of this lie.  




http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/aghoris-corpse-eaters-of-india-capt.html
The white invader created 330 million Gods for the Hindus using their fake mutts.   It was all abou driving fissures into Hinduism to convert and divide and rule.


Vatican has even gone ahead and said that Shiva ( a god for the Hindus ) is a corpse eater Aghori, covered in cremation funeral ashes.   Shiva ( destroyer ) forms a trinity with Brahma ( creator) and Vishnu ( preserver ).  This is a cosmic allegory on both macro and micro scales.



Now you have a R sponsored writer AMISH TRIPATHI , who has converted Lord Shiva into a sex starved MORTAL , a recent tribal, by his book series SHIVA TRILOGY.

Below:When a Hindu denigrates Hinduism , there are prizes with cash to be won .



yours sincerely
December 10, 2014 at 2:20 PM
hi captain jiiii
sir Is sex during periods safe...
some religious texts say "woman is impure during period" ..So can i do sex when my partner is going through periodsss ...
thanks a ton sir.....

###########################
hi ys,

are you a CONSIDERATE man ?

are you a PERVERT ?

is LUST so important that you must ejaculate inside her ? 

DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA WHAT A WOMAN GOES THROUGH DURING HER BLEEDING DAYS   .

do you know the difference between LOVE and LUST ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/10/karva-chauth-synchronising-fertility.html

When Fred Henry, the Roman Catholic bishop of Calgary, Alberta, sent a letter to churches explaining traditional Catholic teaching on marriage, he was “charged with a human-rights violation” .

In my Karva Chauth post comments ( above ) I was viciously attacked by wannabe goragaand PICKLE JOHNS and CHUTNEY MARYS and the MOTH EATEN NEW WORLD ORDER STOOGES  .

THEY CRAVE FOR WESTERN EMBASSY COCKTAIL PARTY INVITES and FOREIGN FUNDED RABBLE ROUSING NGOs WITH A COVERT AGENDA TO DESTROY INDIAN FAMILY VALUES.
  
many EVIL PHARMA controlled western doctors encourage you to have sex during the menses . 

gay pride parades are all about substituting divine love which procreates with base lust .

the want the woman's vagina to be a PLAY PEN and not a NURSERY.

Gay Pride Parades are a grotesque masquerade with paid perverts trying to show that great  romance and true love is involved in penile anal intercourse. Uprooting family values and spiritual decay is the aim of the NWO.

Gays are being encouraged to identify with a "sexual orientation" and not a country, a culture ...There is deliberate destruction of natural landmarks and boundaries between Feminine and Masculine. We can see celebrity males talking about doing Karva Chaut for their wives, making bed tea for them and washing their clothes, and boasting about it on prime time TV .

THIS IS ALL CULTURAL TERRORISM  .

Thousands of years of peace and tranquility and respect is now a thing of the past in Indian homes.  TV channels like MTV show tomboy females abusing males in the most vulgar language.

The Illuminati promotion of 'all things gay' serves a much deeper and sinister role than most people suspect.

Weird looking and behaving gays are made to look as if they are the salt –nay-- bounty of this planet.

All this despite knowing that in USA the average homosexual dies at the age of less than 45, due to various diseases like AIDS. This is what happens when you go against the laws of nature.

Big Brother promotes gay sexuality , so that a vulnerable child may grow up and think it normal to be gay and be gay out of FREE CHOICE.  This coupled with various other environmental factors can turn one gay.

There is intense brainwashing even in schools that  homosexuality was not only natural but noble and a preferable way of life,  one of many exciting items on a menu of "life-choices."

Big Brother got the American Psychiatric Association (APA) to remove their censure of homosexuality. So today a compromised  CULTURAL TERRORIST - APA to says that same sex was 'not a disorder' but merely "a condition" –as neutral as left-handedness.  They tout this as a medical decision, NOT as a decision they were arm twisted into making.

Big Brother remote controlled media have already converted famous historical figures into homosexuals—fake propaganda.  The main reason for this is simple: it associates homosexuals with positive images (i.e. "positive" symbols and role models) just like how advertisers use celebrity endorsements, and use catch phrases like FREEDOM , FREE WILL etc.  

To gain falthu sympathy there is even a guided tour of Nazi concentration camps where homosexuals were tortured and gassed—a big LIE.Young journalists who enter their trade with romantic notions are quickly arm twisted to support gays or face the pink slip.  Journalists with courage of their convictions and noble conscience are defamed and  ostracised, some lose their careers and others their lives to road accidents or drownings.

The mass media, Jew controlled Hollywood and academia have successfully fabricated a "gay culture" with all its attendant illusions by bombarding and assaulting the the moral senses of the majority with a steady stream of filth, deceits and lies. 

On Big Brother monopolized television and in the movies, homosexuals are portrayed as sterling characters that conduct themselves with dignity, wit and aplomb.

The homosexuals in movies are are portrayed as attractive, smart , compassionate and with abundant sense of humor. They are ZE friends in need.  They are the first to risk their lives in coming to the aid of people in danger . They will give succor and precious high IQ advice, that brings the main hero back from the brink of personal destruction.

Sample reactions to the Supreme court ruling:-

Aamir Khan – “I am most disappointed with this judgement. It feels very intolerant and violative of basic human rights. It's a shame,"

Chetan Bhagat: “What?! Consensual gay sex ruled illegal in 2014? Shows you how badly India needs new young leaders with a modern outlook”

Kalki Koechlin: “Supreme Court's job is to uphold the right and freedom of every individual, not to decide what is culturally acceptable or not. In this case they failed”

Catholic bishops have made using children as sex toys acceptable. Pope Francis was given an award by gay rights magazine The Advocate..

n 3 decades flat , many women have lost touch with their natural loving instincts thanks to Rothschild controlled media. 

Consequently, the family ( fountainhead of happiness ) is in total disarray, sexual depravity is rampant,  birth rates have plummeted and divorce rates have spiked . 

For a mother and a woman, love is an instinctive act of self-sacrifice. She gives herself in gratitude to her to her husband and children and is fulfilled by seeing them thrive and receiving their love, respect and gratitude. 

A woman makes this supreme sacrifice to only one man who will cherish her and provide for his family.  Men instinctively want to fulfill this divine responsibility. They instinctively protect their women and will even sacrifice their lives in this process, the way it is programmed in his DNA.

This is the essence of the heterosexual contract (i.e. marriage) since time immemorial- female power in exchange for male power expressed as love.  Sex is the symbol of this exclusive divine bond meant to procreate rather than for pleasure. Orgasm from LOVE ( and not LUST ) electrically charges healthy sperm. 

Vulgar feminism and women’s lib programmed kick started by BIG BROTHER has trained women to reject this model as "an old fashioned, oppressive stereotype" even though it reflects their natural instincts.

Love and marriage have been "discredited," by the new world order sponsoring media. Women have nothing left to exchange for love but sex. Thus, many are unnaturally obsessed with appearance , putting plastic inside their bodies and pathetically give their bodies to all and sundry. 

Permanent love is not based on a woman's sex appeal, or personality or achievements. Ultimately, it is based on self-sacrifice. We love the people who love us.

You can marry the most beautiful woman on the planet, but after 6 months she can be nude and she will NOT give you a raging hard on any more. Even if the marriage was initially based on LUST, a new process called LOVE has now overshadowed hormone release. 

The hidden agenda of women’s lib is to destroy the family, which interferes with state brainwashing of the young.

My sons who has been mothered and brought up the ideal way, will never ever fall prey to big brother’s schemes. A man’s greatest sorrow is to watch his own son wasting away in decadence.
Freemasonry had a stooge by the name of Charles Darwin to eliminate god. Big Brother teaches via his media and apparatus that man and not God determines reality. 

They have tried their best to do forgery and created “missing links” between monkey and man— using bone saws and crazy glue.

The new world order generals are tripping over each other to please their boss by over ruling  cosmic, universal , natural and spiritual laws in order to assert their own control .

Rationalists like Joshua Project 2 funded Dr Dhabolkar have been ridiculing Hinduism as a superstitious religion.  He fails to explain why the entire clan of Nuclear and Quantum scientists threw away their bibles and Talmud and started reading Bhagawat Gita and why they left wills to CREMATE their bodies after death.

Why is the white Christian population in the West leaving wills to cremate their bodies today?  Are they all fools?


If you read the desh drohi newspaper TOILET PAPER OF INDIA-  every day there is a brainwashing post on SEX and LUST mostly brainwashing women.  All this has NOTHING to do with the Indian social fabric.  Porn star Sunny Leone comes on 3 posts daily,  flashing her private parts

Women are exhorted that self-fulfillment lies in career success and not husband and family.  "The social rewards of holding down a job are critical to one's sense of dignity and self worth”.

Zionist companies will pay for a carrer woman’s  IVF procedure if her biological  biological clock has run down,  by placing her career ahead of her personal life .  

Such chutney Marys  will get easy promotions .  Their poor Pickle John husband keep trying hard during the fertile period NOT knowing that his wife is consuming ant-fertility pills on the quiet.   

She is also humping the smelly office peon and her boss in the toilet . The boss refuses to uses his tongue on her bottom orifice she ejects waste from - it is the other way around  .

Below: The mark of a TATTU with wider ass than his shoulders !  Pickle John will made bed tea for his Chutney Mary wife !!




Many women in India have become  schizophrenic as they attempt to reconcile their natural motherly instincts with constant exhortations to do the opposite. 

Zionist owned sex magazines constantly tell men—you don’t need to own a cow to drink milk You don't need to get married to have sex. Marriage and children are a bore and a chore.

In most foreign funded Indian TV channels a woman anchor will lose her job is she wears sindoor, bindi or a mangalsutra.

A Hindu woman wearing the sindoor and mangalsutra is out of gratitude.

Punch into Google search-

SINDOOR, VERMILION , THE HINDU WOMAN'S MARK OF DHARMA AND GRATITUDE VADAKAYIL

God's love can be seen in a woman's dedication to her husband and children. I would like all my readers to stop reading and reminisce  the love your mother gave you. 

Bachelors – ensure that you marry a woman who can take care of you and your children. This is more important than good looks. There is nothing more beautiful and satisfying than a relationship of pure love and desire between a man and a woman.

WE ARE THE CITIZENS OF THE WORLD.

DO WE NEED CULTURAL TERRORISTS IN OUR LIVES -- WHO CONTROLS INFORMATION AND LEADS YOU ON THE PATH OF SELF DESTRUCTION BY YOUR NOSTRILS ?.

Do NOT allow big brother , the GOD FATHER of cultural genocide , to bring Indian men and women 'head-to-head' in an artificially created conflict, to create a synthesis of the two 'gender roles'. 

Expose these foreign funded New World Order stooges and these soulless MOTH EATEN FACES who come on prime time on TV

A dialectical process is always controlled unseen forces funded and remote controlled by an EVIL elite group interested in power for its own sake. 

As soon as I wrote my Karva Chauth post ,  why is it that within 24 hours nearly half a lakh Indian downloaded it and many attacked me?  

This happens by mass SMS and EMAILS . 

That day I offloaded lot of my followers and readers - who failed to put in one word in support  ,when I was being attacked . 

Check out the comments columns and you can see the names of readers who supported me.

IHT was one  --never commented before , he was only a silent reader  .

 Social groups rarely come together for revolutionary purposes of their own accord, but must be manipulated into doing so by a power elite. 

All these spontaneous CANDLE LIGHT BHIJILS -- nay – VIGILS are made to happen by foreign funded NGOs, NWO generals ( wolves in sheep’-- clothing ) and their stooges.

Indian security agencies know the Multinational Corporates ( MC really )  involved in all this .  We also know the Zionist foreigners who come to India for – RABBLE ROUSING TOURISM.

Let my readers  be aware and shun all these Satanic programmings:  Democracy with party whips ( our waitress – nay-  QUEEN BEE over did this ) , feminism,  homosexuality,  liberalism,  conservatism,  communism,  neo-capitalism ( mostly in mineral rich Africa ) ,  Zionism, Nero’s games, reality TV shows ( in a house like BIGG BOSS full of weirdos ), Pop culture, Mysticism, Freemasonry, Polytheism, Fascism, Atheism, Satanism etc.

In the late 1960s, the NWO introduced feminism it was like lobbing a grenade into every home. The divorce rate skyrocketed.  Most feminists today argue that feminism was a natural out-growth of the medical advances in birth control, but their arguments do not explain why feminism became such a media darling or why the NWO gave it so much free advertising.

Wanna know the divorce rates on this planet?  Wanna know why the West is jealous of the happiness and tranquility of Indian homes?


Country  /         %  Divorce  
Albania /                     19     
Armenia/                     17     
Australia/                    48     
Austria/                       47     
Azerbaijan/                  12     
Bahamas/                     5       
Belarus            /           45     
Belgium/                      71     
Bermuda/                     25     
Bosnia & Herz/             8       
Brazil/                         24     
Bulgaria/                      47      
Canada/                       49  
Chile/                           3       
China/                         22     
Colombia/                    9       
Costa Rica/                  47     
Croatia/                       25     
Cuba/                          53     
Cyprus/                       28     
Czech Republic/           66     
Denmark/                    49     
Dominican Rep/           41      
Ecuador/                     20     
Egypt   /                     17      
El Salvador/                23     
Estonia /                     58     
European Union/          47     
Finland    /                   47     
 France            /           55     
 Georgia/                     19     
 Germany/                   49     
 Gibraltar/                    49     
 Grenada/                    22     
 Greece              /        25     
 Guatemala/                 5       
 Hungary/                    67     
 Iceland           /           37     
 India/                         0.08              
 Iran/                           14     
 Ireland/                       15     
 Israel/                         30     
 Italy    /                      27     
 Jamaica/                      9       
 Japan  /                      36     
 Jordan  /                     25     
 Kazakhstan/               27     
 Kuwait           /           42     
 Kyrgyzstan/                16     
 Latvia /                      52     
 Lebanon/                    17     
 Libya /                        5       
 Liechtenstein  /           48     
 Lithuania/                   53     
 Luxembourg   /           62     
 Mauritius/                   17     
 Mexico  /                    15                
 Moldova/                    42     
 Mongolia/                   32     
 Montenegro    /           14     
 Netherlands/               46     
 New Zealand /            45     
 Nicaragua/                  17     
 Norway/                     46     
 Panama/                     27     
 Poland            /           28     
 Portugal/                     69     
 Qatar  /                       29     
 Rep of Macedonia/      11      
 Romania         /           28     
 Russia /                      51     
 Saudi Arabia/              20     
 Serbia /                       22     
 Singapore/                   28     
 Slovakia/                    47     
 Slovenia/                    38     
 South Africa/              17     
 South Korea/              35     
 Spain  /                      62     
 Sri Lanka                   0.19               
 Suriname/                   31     
 Sweden/                     49     
 Switzerland/                52     
 Syria   /                      9       
 Tajikistan/                   6       
 Thailand/                    25     
 Trinidad nTobago/      35     
 Turkey   /                   20     
 Ukraine/                     42     
 United Kingdom/         51     
 United States /            56
 Uzbekistan  /              8       
 Venezuela/                 27     
 Vietnam/                    4         

The foreign funded Indian media is engaged in endless propaganda to divide India by gender.   Today your wife can divorce you for marital rape ( claim she was raped 10 years ago or forced to do oral/ anal sex ) ,  and grab your ancestral property,  thanks to the Catholic waitress. 

See if LGBT do anal/ oral it is fantastic and FREE CHOICE of expressing LOBE- nay- LOVE . 

If you and me do it we must be punished for being indecent,  right?

What are all these CANNED LAUGHTER western TV serials . 

Have you seen these serials where for CHEAP laughs , the wife insults the husband, the 12 year old daughter is sarcastic to her father and the 16 year old son ridicules  his mother?

The pornographic revolution in the 1960s was supported by the U.S. Supreme Court, lobbied by Zionists. The 1st Amendment was originally meant to cover only political speech, but the court ruled that it protected depravity and sexual smut too.

Russia and China has wisely NOT allowed perverted Internet pornography to invade young minds.

Is it by chance that Muslim sugar daddy and NWO stooge Mahesh Bhatt went on the sets of BIGG BOSS and made a porn star Sunny Leone ( with a Jewish husband ) an Indian icon?

Below: Have Hilter moustache, will show !





Below: Honey Singh and his CHOOT LUND song to which once Delhi CM, Shiela Dixit jived ( it was immediately deleted on the internet ) 




https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cS0fuy2CGMQ

Honey Singh is being touted as India’s number 1 singer.   He has  begun to produce music for Bollywood films.  He has been paid the highest fee ever for a Bollywood song.
Hear the song and understand why he got so many awards—example?

BritAsia Best International Act 2012
UK Asian Music Awards Best International Album 2012
MTV VMAI Awards- BEST ARTIST(male) 2013



Feminism is merely a big brother created cancer that serves to systematically denigrade both men and women at the same time, hence weakening the moral fibre of the human race. 

Its advocates are sanctimonious charlatans who have grown rich and powerful from it. They include a whole class of liars and moral cripples who work for the elite in various capacities: government, education and the media. 

Have you seen when a ship sinks, the women are the first to elbow their way into the life boats—weeping and whimpering. They wont even change their car tyre in case of a puncture— they expect the next man walking along to change it.


I DO NOT WANT MY READERS TO DOUBT ME WHEN I SAY THAT A MASSIVE POPULATION REDUCTION CAMPAIGN IS NOW FIRMLY IN PLACE.

Gay sex is NOT based on LOVE—it is based on LUST .

GAYS MUST HAVE MULTIPLE PARTNERS , THIS IS A PSYCHOLOGICAL THING AND HENCE THEY NEED TO PREY .







The reason why India has only 1.1 million LBGT in a population of 1300 million is because we had  CIRCUMIN (TURMERIC ) in our daily curry and parental love which prevented warped DNA.

India produces nearly the whole world’s crop of turmeric . That Indians have the lowest rates of Alzheimer’s in the world is attributed to the wide use of turmeric ( circumin )with every meal. 




Turmeric is anti-mutagenic due to its ability to inhibit topoisomerase enzymes that control the changes in DNA structure.   The ancient Maharishis in all their wisdom knew this !    Is there a single Indian curry without fresh turmeric paste ? 

Warped DNA is what causes white girls to have menses at the age of 9 —  the great grandmothers of these same girls had got first periods at the age of 14.

R controlled Time placed foreign funded Trojan Horse NGOS owner 57 year old unmarried woman Anjali Gopalan in its list of the 100 most influential people in the world, as she is the kingpin of LBGT activism in India. 



In 25 October 2013 Anjali Gopalan ( Sikh mother and Tamil father ) was awarded Rothschild remote controlled Chevalier de la Legion d'Honneur `Knight in the order of the legions of Honor' which is the highest award from the France.

The notorious homosexual Ashok Row Kavi needs no introduction. He was sponsored with a scholarship  at the International School of Journalism, Berlin, Germany.


Men have fought great wars over lust,  but they all come back home for love.  

Now you have a general idea why there are so many beach bumpkins in Australia .



This love is the most ennobling of human emotions — transcendental, exalted and capable of engendering emotional states that can make the male of the species want "to be a better man.".

Well well , what do these moth eaten faces know?  

Below: A dear JOHN letter awaits almost every white soldier who went abroad for fighting .






Love is one of life’s most intense emotions, and when you are in lust it’s easy to think you are feeling love but the two are absolutely different. Let me start of by explaining LUST.

Lust is just temporary commitment  that last only long enough to fulfill the base desire.  After a gay pervert has ejaculated on the same gender in a crowded bus,  the first thing he tries to do is to escape at the next bus stop.

For lust is only interested is self pleasure as it is basically sexual greed -- far away from romantic love. Lust is physical chemistry over a short period of time.  It is filled with desire, passion, acquisitiveness and intense animal emotions.     

Effective propaganda mixes truth with deception.    Only the perceptive can weed out people who tell Ramayana  without Ravan .



Heterosexuality is much more than opposite-sex attraction. It's about monogamy (marriage) reproduction and child-rearing. This is how  most of us develop and fulfill ourselves. Obviously, this natural process is also essential for societal health.

Many good looking women become ambitious and waste their most fertile years competing with men.  In India at least once they are over the age of 30, nobody wants to marry them. The media encourages them to be sluts, and experiment with lesbianism.    

Sorority hazing ( ragging of college/ school girls in hostels ) is now all about lesbianism. There are TROJAN HORSE NGOs who pay for lesbian clips in school .

Don’t think all this does NOT happen in India.  I was told what happens in M House by a Captains wife - how a banana vendor boy fainted in a all girls hostel  --

Homosexuals why marry view adopted children are viewed as a nuisance rather than as an extension of themselves and a source of infinite love and joy.  Today we give them VISA ON ARRIVAL to produce babies in India .

Lust when not tempered with compassion and empathy,  can lead to extreme emotionally damaging behavior.  Raging hormones can easily disguise themselves as feelings of love. Lust can causes a man to think with his crotch and throw all reason and logic to the wind-- apparently there is a one way valve for blood flow between brain and the erect dong. While in animal lust a man does NOT care if the woman has anything at all in common with him.

While in lust a man is not interested in where a woman comes from or where she's going.  His brain is only focused on using his key to unlock the door to her secret cave. He will make hazaar excuses  not to spend time with her, except for sex. He wants to leave after sex without wasting times on mushy cuddles. Lust is what a man feels when he goes to a whore. He will NOT even wait for the whore to dress up. For lust is short-term fun, while love is the long haul.  Even though the two sometimes masquerade as each other, you should be able to tell the difference.

Lust is what first brings people together. It’s that initial desire to be with the person, while love is the desire to stay with him or her. Lust produces NO deep emotional bonding, what you feel when you love a person. Lust can only be a deep physical attraction and never a mental connection. Lust is what brings you in and love is what keeps you there. When you are in love with someone, you see a future with the other person and your partner is included in your life plans .

Lust is usually for the short term and love is for the long term.    This is why gay lust does NOT last and they look for multiple partners, often two timing and three timing them. Lust is an infatuation, while love keeps people together long after the infatuation has faded. . Lust is an emotion you can rely on coming on strong and right away, whereas, love and romance are connected to trust, loyalty and an deep and magic emotional attachment, where time stands still.

ALMOST THE ENTIRE BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA OF INDIA ARE CULTURAL TERRORISTS , WHO DELIBERATELY SMUDGE THE LINES BETWEEN LOVE AND LUST ON BEHEST OF THEIR FOREIGN MASTERS .




BELOW: SUNNY LEONE SAYS THAT SHE AND HER JEW HUSBAND DAVID WEBBER  , WHO USES HER AS A PORN ACTRESS IN HIS PORN MOVIES,  LOBE- NAY - LOVE EACH OTHER .






Love is an intense feeling of affection and care towards another person. If your partner is the first person that you think about when you want to share your innermost thoughts, then you may be in love.

There is a great willingness to make sacrifices for another and working at settling differences. There is this ability to compromise so that either both win or at least give the other person's opinion a chance.

Love creates commitment to another and intentions are genuine intentions.  You don’t ake an ass out of a person you love. They think about the other person's feelings before acting.


Love fosters security, peace, inner happiness and a stable , solid partnership which can provide the ideal atmosphere to raise confident, content and secure children. Love is unconditional and the real deal.

When you talk to a person you love , you get lost in your conversations, and the hours pass like minutes.  You're more than willing to listen to her when she goes on and on about her day.

The chemistry between you is magic.  You find her beautiful even if you catch her sweaty doing some chore in the garden with with no makeup on . Her smile looks so beautiful to you.and you want to cuddle her. It really does NOT matter if she does NOT allow you to pet her or even make love to her ( you dont use the word screw ) . All you want to do is to be with her, whether you're having sex or not.

Love sees a bright future together . There is this feeling that your life would be totally empty without her. 

You want to introduce her to your family  . It becomes suddenly important to you that your parents like her, and that she gets along with everyone close to you.  You include her in all your plans .

If she's not there, you can't get her off your mind and sneak off to give her a quick "I miss you" phone call.

WEE digression--

Wonder how many gays introduce their boy friends to their parents—and how many gays want to have gay children –  don’t fu#kin’ lie , you dripping ch00ts.

The woman wants you to be a better man and will try to stop you smoking. She challenges and motivates you.  She makes you happy, and you'd do anything to make her happy. When you are in love, you will find yourself connecting with the other person and feeling an emotional engagement with him or her. 

Lust sets you out looking for romance while Love is an extraordinary experience.  If you’re truly hoping to find love, remember that love has to be nurtured like a plant.

This is what the editorial board of Rothschild controlled NEW YORK TIMES has to say about IPC sec 377 being upheld by Supreme Court  QUOTE “Prime Minister Manmohan Singh now has an opportunity to leave a lasting legacy of progress before his government steps down next spring. His cabinet should act immediately to seek a repeal of Section 377. This 1861 law has no place in a 21st-century democracy.”  UNQUOTE .

Rothschild has made sure that this newspaper  won 112 Pulitzer Prizes, more than any other news organization .  Pulitzer is a prize awarded by Columbia University USA.  Columbia university was made with Opium drug money by Rothschild. 

Like I said before NO man or woman is born as gay. Almost all  gays have been molested by an older person gay , and they likes the LUST involved. 95% of the gays admit that  that their first partner was an older pedophile gay .

Those raised in atheist homes are more likely to become gay. A lot of white men comes to India to adopt male children. Most of these unfortunate boys are made to do fellatio and sodomised on a daily basis.

UK business tycoon Richard Branson has called on Zionist companies and Western tourists to boycott Uganda after its parliament approved a bill to toughen the punishment for homosexual acts.

He spAke : "Governments must realise that people should be able to love whoever they want "

Hey Richard Branson—do you have the guts to do the same with India ?  Or are you just a bully who picks on the weak?

HIMMAT HAI ?

The gay club Heaven is located underneath Charing Cross railway station in Central London, just off Trafalgar Square.   Richard Branson owns this joint since 1991 , but be does NOT affix his Virgin logo on this gay club .




Under the guise of "womens rights", the Zionists have started playing their vulgar games in Indian villages to attack the love between husband and wife, mother and child .  The ideal harmonious village family fabric is now being destroyed by the Illuminati social engineers who have undermined gender and marriage with the complicity of our government and big brother remote controlled media.

When you select a bride for your son, ensure that she has NOT forgotten how to blush— for it is the most potent charm in a woman.  

How many of you think that Celina Jaitley who had a live in gay boyfriend can blush?  She caught him red handed with another man while in the act . We know the orifices this pervert would have preferred , right ?   

You know that it is LOVE when you do NOT need to get physical to feel connected to the other person. You feel complete and happy just holding her hand or talking to her. If at all you have sex with such a person you love, it is mind blowing literally an explosion of divine passion.

Lust is like going to the loo. LUST is that quick satisfying feeling that quickly goes away after all is said and done. Something akin to—you were feeling PEEYUSH , so you peed and now you are fine and out of the toilet.

This is what lustful gay love is all about.  But mind you , he needs a new pee pot at regular intervals. Love looks not with the eyes, but with the mind.   It's love when a woman rejoices for her partner's happiness and his dreams ,  even if that means being away from her .  

Love involves personal sacrifice, and it grows slowly.  If you love someone, you look forward every morning to waking up to seeing her  face, and you genuinely care about all that she says.

A woman driven by lust is searching for physical pleasure, while someone who is in love is in search of deeper joy and happiness. 

A man who is in love with a woman cares about the quality of the time ( this excludes sex which he can get from a whorehouse OR if he wants to get his rocks off he will use pornography or use his imagination  ) you spend together.   Emotional intimacy with her is more  important to him as physical intimacy.

Love is not about "me" – what I can have? –  it's about "you"—what can I do to make your life richer and happier ?   When we separate "love" from "lust" in this way, WE becomes more important than ME. When a man loves a woman his stomach flutters, chemistry sizzles, time stands still. He has enough energy to burn .

The couple can even commit joint suicide. Who will commit suicide for a RANDI  smoking and flashing her pantyless crotch--  or a creep who tries to shove his dick in the nearest hairy or hairless orifice --above water or under water ?

The longer you can hold off on physical intimacy the better your chances are of the relationship growing    Love accepts things as it is . The woman does NOT see the need to wear make up or put plastic in her tits to hold on to her man. 

The difference between love and lust is the attitude of your heart. If you’re in love, the attitude of your heart is one of selflessness, with the other person as your focus, whereas if you are in lust the attitude of your heart will be one of selfishness, with yourself as the focus.


True love is driven by a divine desire to provide for, nurture and care for the other persons needs.   Love is was endures long after the high feelings of base lust are gone. Love is what makes you stay with someone even thought the butterflies and feelings of lust are gone.   Love is when you want to do all you can for someone not expecting anything in return at all.

Ask any long-married couples ( over 30 years ) , they all said their love grew over time rather than faded away.  Even though you may thoroughly enjoy having sex with your partner, spending time together is just as important.   Being able to lie in bed in the dark and talk about anything and everything is a sure sign that you truly are in love.





If you want to listen to their feelings and emotions then you are connecting with your partner on an emotional level rather than a physical level it is love .  A larger step in a relationship is meeting each other’s family. 

If you love someone, you want to her to you  show your family who cares for you. How many gays and lesbians will take their partners home?  For deep inside they know that they do NOT follow the laws of the universe.

Here is what our official “under aged optimist creep”  NWO stooge Chetan Bhagat says in TOI today

QUOTE  :  BJP took an old-school RSS stance on Section 377.   BJP`s stance, and their bizarre rationale for it, which included words like `unnatural` and 'against Indian culture', sent a scare down the spines of many young voters. UNQUOTE

Love is the foundation of stable societies—only .  "Love at first sight" is only infatuation.  Real love comes with knowing someone and caring for one another over some time.   Often, an infatuation runs its course in six months or less.   You might like another person, enjoy spending time together,  enjoy doing a lot of the same things.

Lust is the first thing that develops when you are attracted to someone-  say a girl with gargantuan tits and a plunging neckline, is jogging in the park in mini skirt --  literally making jogging a male spectator sport.. 

None of the male spectators ( or female lesbians ) look at her in LOVE.  For lust is completely shallow and superficial. 

Lust is a physical emotion that we act upon in the "heat of the moment." 

It's lust when you rejoice for being together, even at the cost of your partner's happiness.  A discussion of true feelings is unlikely to happen, and if you try to initiate one, he may quickly change the subject.

Lust is amazingly self serving, love is unlimited and unselfish,  and although love doesn't exclude lust, it's handy to know the difference between the two.  Our ancient Maharishis knew this and advocated love – NOT lust.



WE INDIANS WILL NOT ALLOW NWO  PAYROLL  CULTURAL TERRORISTS TO DESTROY THE LOVE, PEACE AND HAPPINESS IN INDIAN HOMES .

We have arranged marriages in Hinduism because we know that people mistake LUST and INFATUATION for LOVE.

Below: Our BENAMI Indian front media wants EMPOWERED FU#KING' BRAVEHEARTS ! 

POOR DOG HAS A LONG NIGHT AHEAD !

 

In June 2013 , the Russian parliament passed a law banning “propaganda for non-traditional sexual relations” that effectively makes it illegal to speak publicly in defence of gay rights, let alone hold gay pride events. 

India must follow suit.  

We cannot have these debauched characters preying on young children. Netherlands was the first country to legalise gay marriages.

It is NO wonder that Arvind Kejriwal allegedly has received heavy funds from The Dutch embassy to boost the homosexual friendly world population .





When we were young cadets 4 decades ago, we have seen the depraved and debauched red light districts of Rotterdam and Amsterdam.   

 Amsterdam, in particular is often associated with gay emancipation, as it provided the setting for the world’s ﬁrst legally recognized ‘gay marriage’ in 2001, and hosts the famous but creepy gay PRIDE parade with festively decorated boats ﬂoating through the city’s stinking canals each year.





On 2 August 2014,  Teesta  Setalvad posted on Twitter a FOUL image of Kali being compared to a ISIS terrorist.    

The avatar of Goddess Kali was incarnated to destroy evil, not to represent it. 

Any Hindu god killing ia victory of good over evil and most are cosmic allegories ,unless it involved the earthly avatars of Lord Vishnu .

This is how cultural terrorist convert sunrise to sunset .

A lot of MOTH EATEN celebrities and R communists supported Teesta Setalvad  for her fine art. The Italian waitress gave this woman Padma Shri in 2007 .

Arun Jaitley our I &B minister is the darling of our BENAMI media .   He will NOT do anything. Rather he dances with all those presstitutes who spat on his boss PM Narendra  Modi’s face before elections .  


We all know if something happens to Modi who will be thrust on the PMs chair .


Today 2 people will get Nobel Peace prize .

Here is what this blogsite has to say  .

NOBODY IN PAKISTAN CARES FOR ZIONIST DARLING MALALA .

NOBODY IN INDIA CARES FOR ZIONIST DARLING KAILASH SATYARTHI .

SATYARTHI, OF ZIONIST GOODWEAVE/ RUGMARK CERTIFICATION FAME , KILLED THE ULTRA SKILLED FAMILY WEAVING INDUSTRY WHICH CAME DOWN THOUSANDS OF YEARS , HANDED OVER FROM FATHER TO SON .

these children are NOT slaves , they go to school, play after school and inherit ULTRA skills under the loving parents eye ..

SKILLS ARE LEARNT AT A YOUNG AGE BY DOING , NOT WATCHING .

WHEN WESTERN PARENTS PUT A 4 YEAR OLD GIRL TO GYMNASTICS, TENNIS etc IT IS A GREAT THING , RIGHT ?

WE INDIANS DO NOT WANT PM MODI TO EVER HUG ZIONIST DARLINGS LIKE SATYARTHI / PACHAURI EVER AGAIN .

WE INDIANS DO NOT WANT TO BE RULED BY A HYPOCRITE OR AN IGNORAMUS OR A ZIONIST STOOGE .

every cash award ( peace / human rights ) given by desh drohi foreigners are BRIBES .

long ago, when the zionists wanted to award satyarthi, PM Chandrasekhar shot the idea down -- he said India is NOT europe . we have cottage industries where skills/ secrets have been passed down since thousands of years .


capt ajit vadakayil

The COMMONWEALTH is a tool for cultural terrorism .

The British Crown  ruled India for less than 70 years .  The Queen Victoria was proclaimed empress of India on 1st Jan 1877  and India became independent on 15th Aug 1947.

The British Crown never called the shots in India. The King or Queen was only a figure head stooge. 

John Bull never fought for the queen and country.   He fought for a German Jew, who made his moolah by stealing Tipu Sultan’s enormous gold,  the Opium drug trade  and the slave trade.

The powerful Banking Cartel who owned the British East India Company, a shipping company , ruled India. The king pin who controlled both was a Jew by the name of Rothschild.

In 300 years the British reduced India from the richest country in the world to the poorest. Finally when they quit India in 1947, they made sure it will be BUSINESS AS USUAL for them. 

They are still stealing using their native fronts in all these countries, in great covert style, using the organization The Commonwealth as a front.
  
The Commonwealth of Nations (usually called simply "The Commonwealth") is a voluntary association of independent countries, nearly all of which are former members of the British Empire that chose on being arm twisted to join it when they gained independence. 

It consists of 54 countries, including five G20 members and 32 small states, whose combined population amounts to about a third of the world's population. They are believed to be united by a shared belief in the right to participate in democratic social life.  If so why is the Queen the lifetime head of this organization?

So the Queen by pretending to love all her ex-slave countries , also makes sure they vote in the UN security council for UK..

The money for the Commonwealth comes from members of the Commonwealth. Each member pays an agreed amount estimated by the Commonwealth based on the country’s population and income. India donates a considerable amount of money , when this toothless useless organization has zilch benefit for India.

If so, why are we supporting the Commonwealth, and being a member of this post colonial club which gives an ego massage to the British royalty?

Well, they have made sure that the right people in the power corridors of India are rewarded. How do you think people like Rajiv Gandhi , Rahul Gandhi etc are studying in the premium UK  and  Ivy-league Universities of USA?

What is common about the commonwealth countries is the fact that Imperial Britain robbed them blind and they are apparently still blind to see that the commonwealth exists today only because it serves the interests of the British government.. Since when has it been easy to wake up people who pretend to sleep.

Did China need Commonwealth to achieve what it has?   India doesn't need it either. 

It is kept alive by some DESH DROHI  Indians who benefit from it. 

It is NOT that they are still colonized in their minds.

The British missionaries of all denominations used the Commonwealth afforded passage to push the JOSHUA PROJECT 2 agenda of Vatican to proselytize the natives of the past empire. Yet, if an Indian wants a Visa to UK, he is harassed.

How many of you heard of the VIRGINITY TESTS conducted by the British Immigration on unmarried Indian women?  The British Govt admitted that they did 70 such tests , while actually hundreds were done.

Young Indian women who reached London airport would be taken to a separate room by lecherous British Immigration men made to strip, lie down and spread their legs.

The white Christian men would insert their fingers into their vaginas of these trembling and whimpering Indian women to check out their hymens. 

They would choose only the most attractive , un-escorted Hindu and Muslim women.  Christians were exempted.



Are not Indian unmarried Hindu women supposed to be virgins?   The white girl is allowed to lose it before puberty, right?

Mind you, we are part of the Commonwealth which swears to brings together many different cultures and give the smaller and poorer nations a feeling of worth and belonging.

India should have got out of Commonwealth at that time. And we donate so much of money, and where does it go?  A lot of it is spent on the visit of British Royals to sunny Caribbean and their vassal “ego massage parlour “ countries like Australia, New Zealand and Canada.

A big amount goes into upkeep of graves. The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) is responsible for maintaining the war graves of 1.7 million service personnel that died in the First and Second World Wars fighting for Commonwealth member states.

It also maintains individual graves at another 20,000 sites around the world. The vast majority of the latter are civilian Christian cemeteries in Great Britain.

Rothschild  imported his stooge Gandhi from South Africa to India to recruit soldiers to fight the first and second world wars of his creation, to carve out the state of Israel.  Gandhi’s non-violence and Ahimsa were highly selective.

The apostle of peace, exhorted Indians to kill the Germans, and support the British , who made us their slaves, and were robbing India blind. 

1.11 lakh ( 111 000 ) Indian soldiers were killed in World War 1, fighting for the British. 

2.43 lakh ( 234 000 ) Indian Soldiers were killed in World War 2. The ones maimed are NOT included in this figure.

Rothschild stooge Gandhi did all the recruiting single handedly.

There are no graves to mark these killed Indian soldiers, who fought in the worst areas — we were counted among the horses and the mules. The Hindus soldiers were NOT cremated as per their wishes.

Commonwealth has pushed down the throats of the third world countries, the multi-national company agenda of GM foods and Global warming.

The lie of greenhouse gases causing global warming was shoved down the throats of the poorer countries , never mind that endless cuts in CO2 emissions would further cripple their flimsy economies and poverty-stricken people.  Never mind that poorer countries will continue in poverty as a result of energy demands not being met. 

GM foods were shoved down the throats of people with fertile lands used to eating organic foods ,just to suit Zionist multinationals. In 2009, Rothschild controlled Forbes magazine gave Monsanto the company of the year award.

Thanks to Monsanto the bee population on these poor countries had declined. This is dangerous as bees are essential for pollination.

Even Christian missionary NGOs were involved in this, in addition to selling Jesus Christ to gullible farmers. The farmers were fooled into giving written undertakings that they have to buy new seeds every time. They have taken away the age old farmers right to use their own grown seeds .

These farmers lost their lands on payment of collateral to buy Monsanto seeds. They were given dreams of 'reaping the golden harvest", right? Monsanto GM seeds  are terminator seeds or sterile seeds

And like how Bill Gates changes the Windows version , Monsanto also started their Version 1 , Version 2.2 seeds--or-- second / third generation seeds.  So the farmers had to borrow money from money lenders, and get themselves into a debt trap, with declining yield crops. Super Weeds and Super Pests, have become resilient. Ground water is now polluted as more deadly pesticides have to be used in greater doses.

Commonwealth countries and territories are the biggest offshore financial centres in the world. Countries such as Bahamas, Barbados, Belize, Singapore and UK overseas territories Bermuda, Cayman Islands and British Virgin Islands are synonymous with offshore finance. Rothschild , the owners and advocates of offshore banking cartel claim that it offers many benefits to host countries and territories.  

Oh yeah?
  
Many Commonwealth countries’ legal systems are founded on English common law – a legacy of British colonialism.  All arbitrations must be under English Law, which always goes in the favour of the white Christian man and the Zionist multinational.

When it comes to the crunch will Britain support NATO ( riding posse cowboys ) or the Commonwealth club ( outlaws ) which it heads ?   What do you think?

What makes the British think that their ex-colonies must sit and celebrate that they were once ruled by the evil British East India Company , who were the world’s first drug runners , organized mafia robbers and slave traders? 

Perhaps it is better suited for retired octogenarain British nannies to fritter away their afternoon time indulging in nostalgic remembrances of lost British glory , over gin and lime and tupperware. Maybe such nostalgia can help Britain to slowly come to terms with its loss of empire.  It's the last place where Britain can hold court.
  
The Gordon Gin will help them forget that the Commonwealth’s sole purpose is to remind the English of how "great" they were a very long time ago , and how they ruled the waves

The Commonwealth has various stated objectives like advocating reform of international institutions like the IMF and the World Bank, helping countries to formulate, negotiate and implement their trade policies, promoting trade facilitation, diversifying the export base, strengthening debt management, promoting and monitoring progress to ensure gender equality in budgets, promoting private investment, supporting the development of businesses etcetera.

But all this is plain nonsense.

The Commonwealth has never in the past 6 decades and more years of its existence, made a significant contribution in any of these spheres.

The fact is nobody knows what the Commonwealth does, because they don’t actually do a dang thing, other than giving University scholarships to “play ball” leaders kin. 

Yes these leaders "play ball", so that Britain and the Big Brother Rothschild Cartel can continue stealing enormous wealth  by deceit.  Deceit is the way the Christian missionaries convert too.

The Commonwealth of Nations is represented in the United Nations General Assembly by the Secretariat, as an “expert” observer.  Such is the stupid British obsession with traditions and the past. The British empire has long been dead, so why this silly legacy?

None of the regular meetings are not worth the cost of the plane tickets they require.  This ridiculous ineffective organization is a total waste of time and a stinking reminder of colonialism .. It does nothing useful except hold meetings and pass resolutions.  The Commonwealth is a white elephant that needs to be dismantled el pronto.  It has no role to play in the modern world.

The ambassadors of the Commonwealth countries are called "high commissioners".  You should have seen the way the grocer's daughter Margaret Thatcher over did this ridiculous rank by deliberately over doing the Mr. High Commissioner thing in her loud shrill voice. 
  
The only way for Third World countries to alleviate poverty is to stop participating in racist organizations like the Commonwealth that breed dependence.  A lot in Commonwealth still happens on basis of colour of the skin, except in the photo shoot. 

Britain and other Anglo-Americans continue to carry out Western imperialist agendas that have even meant assassinations of national leaders, installing puppet governments and now openly arming rebels that are exported to countries to create turmoil. 

How can we forget that it was Queen Elizabeth and the British government that refused the imposition of economic sanction on South Africa during apartheid, till India cried enough is enough.
Now that South Sudan with its enormous mineral wealth ( and illegitimate Rothschild stake in this new born country ) , has applied to join the Commonwealth, Israel is also trying to brown nose its way in.

India needs to remove itself from the commonwealth to regain its self-respect and dignity. Its decision to remain as part of the commonwealth only goes to serve as a constant reminder of the most horrible colonial oppression imposed by the British Empire. 

To rid itself of this reminder, it would be a step in the right direction towards gaining true independence and establishing India as a rising nation.  United Kingdom has nothing to do with India or its people or its government. Our hard earned freedom need to be valued.  Commonwealth is nothing but a stumbling block. Why do we need to contribute money to shore up nations who do NOT care for Indians. 

India today in 2013, is far ahead of England.  But for EPL soccer and rock concerts ( Nero’s games ) , there will be civil war in UK--such is the pathetic state of their economy.

We in India must not care for the constant warnings of financial disaster from Rothschild controlled agencies like Fitch , S&P and Moody’s.   Commonwealth had arm twisted the smaller nations to allow “financial reform” from the Rothschild controlled IMF and the World Bank.  Britain is just a "legitimizing force" for the banking cartel, in the economic and foreign policy.

Do not get carried away by the so called Commonwealth agenda of  “the promotion of democracy, human rights, good governance, the rule of law, individual liberty, egalitarianism, free trade, multi lateralism and world peace”.

The queen , one of the richest person’s on this planet, holds  shares in such evil corporations like Rio Tinto known for its complicity in the serious human rights violations which have been occurred near the mines it operates in Indonesia and Papua New Guinea . What is she worth morally ?

How many of you know that the “prestigious” Man Booker Prize is awarded annually to an author from a Commonwealth country .  We know of Arundhati Roy (The God of Small Things)  Salman Rushdie (Midnight's Children).

These prizes are awarded to bring a person , who will “play Rothschild ball” to the limelight. After that this person will be used to do endless rabble rousing.

How many of you have read Arundhati Roy’s book?  This Christian convert with a Hindu name is NDTV Prannoy Roy’s cousin.  Everybody DESH BHAKT Indian knows the dubious agenda of NDTV.

Enough of blood sucking and enough of policing the former non-white colonies. It is time to eradicate this dubious and toothless organisation. The Commonwealth has turned into a harmful neo-colonialist group led by Anglos and servile Anglophiles who are lobbied up.

A country like  Britain which can boast nothing of human rights for centuries, must know what they are worth. To the hell with the tea parties the white-man is holding with his former servitude to project their colonial glory.  No more converting past colonies into havens , for wealthy economic jackals in the name of economic development.

With this the "sun will truly set" on the evil British empire of the past, for good.

The president of the World Bank is always an American nominated by the United States’ Government and that the Managing Director of the IMF is always a European. BRICS nations -- Brazil, Russia, India, China and South Africa , must now establish a new development bank , and give the remote controlled ( by Rothschilds ) IMF and World Bank a run for their money.

India is the most sexually moral country on this planet --

Yet our DESH DROHI main stream media tom toms that we are the worst -- they gloat , tourists do not come to india-- India is such a bad place !!. 

I&B minister Arun Jaitley who backs gay marriages is their darling.   

Even Sagarika Ghose has praised Arun Jaitley  in her blog today .    

What is the catch ?

QUOTE: If you anoint an individual who stands for business-friendly economics, how can you oppose free market reforms:UNQUOTE

Are we missing something ?  

HULLO ?!

I AM WATCHING DAY BY DAY WITH DISMAY , THE BENAMI MEDIA IS GETTING WORSE --

THE MEDIA RIPS APART HINDU CULTURE EVERY SINGLE DAY ,  INDIAN CULTURE GOING TO THE DOGS --

THE BENAMI MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS DESTROYING THE IMAGE OF INDIA --  WITH MEDIA DARLING ARUN JAITLEY WATCHING SILENTLY .

SENTENCES AND FOOTERS ON TV END WITH QUESTION MARKS INSTEAD OF FULL STOPS.    

THERE IS NO STATEMENT OF FACT , ONLY ENDLESS RABBLE ROUSING SPECULATION . 
They have accused our army chief of lying when it came to Chinese incursions-- yet nothing has done nothing to warn the media.


Here are top five things that Zionist darling Kailash Satyarthi said in his Nobel peace prize acceptance speech,a few minutes ago  .

1. Children are questioning our inaction and watching our action.

2.My dream is to make every child free to develop ... There is no greater violence than to deny the dreams of children.

3.Recounting his experience with the unprivileged people, he said, "I am representing the sound of silence of millions of children who are left behind."

4."The credit to this honour goes to people who worked and sacrificed for freeing children," he said.

5."I've lost two of my colleagues," Satyarthi said about his work. "Carrying the dead body of a colleague who is fighting for the protection of children is something I'll never forget, even as I sit here to receive the Nobel Peace Prize."

Well Kailash Satyarthi, we Indians do NOT want you to save India !

The Zionist NWO knows the fastest way to destroy existing society is through homosexuality. Historically, no nation pervaded by sodomy endured for long.  

It's for this reason that Jewish Bolshevik Bella Kuhn, conquering Hungary after the Russian Revolution in 1917, force-fed homosexuality into the curriculum of public education, transforming Hungary's youth into moral degenerates.   The same thing is happening today as the NWO promotes homosexuality in our school system, even from the kindergarten level.   

Several years ago, through Barnes and Noble bookstores, ADL promoted homosexuality through their "No Place for Hate" program. It encouraged families visiting the bookstores to invite a homosexual couple to their home for an evening. This would teach kids, the Zionists suggested, that there's no truth in Christian judgments against sodomy.   

Gays, the NWO declares , are some of the nicest, most non-threatening folks your kids can get to know.   They wants more than to persuade our children to become homosexuals. It seeks special legal protection for homosexuality, making it a "hate crime" to exhibit bias or discrimination against those who practice it.  

The Zionists want homosexuals protected, not just in housing, employment and same-sex marriage, but even from words!  In India if any Bollywood star praises gay marriages he/ she is given FREE space on prime time  . 

The NWO claims it should be illegal to even criticize same-sex behaviors in public. To create these laws, they have contrived a twisted definition of hate: "bias" against homosexuality.   In Western countries , thanks to ADL/B'nai B'rith federal and provincial hate laws, public expressions of such bias on the air waves, print media, or even on the street corner, can mean exorbitant fines or imprisonment.  

If a talk show host even suggests that homosexuals have a higher rate of AIDS, he can be fined and jailed, and the radio station airing his "hate" can lose its broadcast license.  In Western hate crime courts , only the feelings of homosexuals, not truth, matter.  

If a homosexual feels "intimidated" by public criticism, he can file hate crimes charges against the critic.  The truth will never be allowed in court.  If any non-Jew has been found guilty of hurting a homosexual's feelings, he can face a huge fine . If he persists in criticizing homosexuals, he may face years in prison.  

Nineteen hundred years ago, Christ characterized Jerusalem as "Sodom and Egypt" (Rev. 11:8). "Sodom" is synonymous with homosexuality.

The Jews wish to position themselves as “victims,” they have exploited the Holocaust to make the world feel protective of the poor Jewish victim of Anti-Semitism.  But has anyone brought to mind that these so called “victims” happen to be the wealthiest sufferers the world has ever known?   

Zionist run West will continue to be a Holocaust Remembrance society.   High School Curriculums throughout America are teeming with it.   Holocaust Museums and Holocaust Study Centers are in every major Western city.  The NWO pushing Zionists have so permeated our world-view and self-definition, that our culture has become a Prozac-fixated society .

Moscow police broke up a crowd of gay activists preparing to protest, arresting at least 24 of them, including the event’s organizers, of whom, some were outside agitators from Europe.  As the protestors began chanting: “We want the right for same-sex marriage!” - Vladimir Putin kicked their diseased gay asses and arrested them. 

Sri Sri Ravishankar has become a darling of the west after he said that homosexuality is sanctioned by Hinduism.  When asked about homosexuality, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, founder of the international Art of Living movement, said, “Every individual has both male and female in them. Sometimes one dominates, sometimes other; it is all fluid.”   I heard this on TV –so shall we give him Nobel Prize ?

In 2005, Prince Manvendra Singh Gohil, who hails from Rajpipla in the Gujarat, publicly came out as gay.  He was quickly anointed by the Indian and the world media as the first openly gay royal.   On 29 June 2008, five Indian cities (Delhi, Bangalore, Kolkata, Indore and Pondicherry) celebrated gay pride parades, encouraged by the waitress .

Days after the 2 July 2009 Delhi High Court verdict legalizing homosexuality, Pink Pages, India's first online LGBT magazine was released. On 16 April 2009, India's first gay magazine Bombay Dost originally launched in 1990, was re-launched by Celina Jaitley in Mumbai.
  

In 2014 July 26 at Kochi was the biggest queer pride in kerala . About 40 queer members were made out to be thousands by the BENAMI meida.  Three days ago, I had 5 of my friends monitor the KISS OF LOVE at Calicut.   They counted only 37 TOTAL from 4 different location  .  The Malayalam media tom tommed hundreds on their news bulletins .

Below: I wish this Raghu guy guy abused my mother and fought with me -- 

--using just my thumbs I will crack both his collar bones in 2 seconds  -- and then he cannot lift a bucket of water in his life . 

No , i will NOT bust both his ear drums after than, in 1 second. 

That would be MEAN of me !!




Perhaps some of the greatest CULTURAL TERRORISTS operated from MTV.  If you see MTV ROADIES / BIGG BOSS  etc you will come to know.   


Women are encouraged to abuse men in a most filthy manner, on national TV.   They get the worst Indian Punjaabi shrews on TV for this.



The cultural terrorist want to break up the system of arranged marriages in India  . 

In arranged marriages we avoid, all these petty quarrels, as both husband and wife come from the same culture, and they know what their parents did and how they managed their daily mundane chores.  

This division of household chores has come down generations, since antiquity. All this is NOT engraved in stone.  There is give and take in a pleasant graceful atmosphere.  

In Hindu homes we do NOT have raised voices.  In Hindu homes, the hardest task master is the own conscience of both the husband and wife.  As mentioned in the Bhagawat Gita , all live in the moment. This is why the Indian divorce percentage is miniscule.  

In Hindusim we do NOT have a holy book or a Pope type middle man .  The Bhagawat Gita swearing was a requirement in courts as per British law.   Hindus use their conscience and culture embedded in their DNA.   Statistics speak the truth, right?  

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/05/marriage-sans-fights-capt-ajit.html 


The nagging woman has taken a trick out of "evangelist" religion, to create a "sense of guilt", so that she can milk the situation.   She uses perfectionism to achieve this goal, and this perfectionism arises out of repressed sexuality .   Perfectionism is nothing but a deep ego trip.  

She will NOT allow her husband’s  life its freedom.  Couples who went for love marriages first revel in their similarities , as they hid their warts from each other.  Gradually they get to discover their differences , and the woman tries to nag her husband to safe common ground.  

How many of you have heard of a nagging husband ?

When a nagging woman sees her 7 year old son enjoying a cone of icecream ,  she has to fast-forward to obesity and diabetes.  She has never been in the moment-- the way the Bhagawat Gita want us to be..





Pavan kumar

December 11, 2014 at 3:41 AM
sirji, there is unconfimred news boasting around that modi is out of times person of the year. I'm not sure about authenticity of this news.

ReplyDelete
Replies
#######################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil

December 11, 2014 at 4:33 AM
hi pk,

Modi has won the TIME reader's poll for PERSON OF THE YEAR.   He is now THE PEOPLEs CHAMPION .

R is so cocky that he wants to choose his own person of the year using his stooge TIME editors.

So let him choose the Ebola gang ( lab created virus ).   They now have NO use for AIDS.

Who cares ?

Let him choose his Pachauris and his Satyarthis and his Malalas and his Kissingers .

Who cares ?

The world has woken up to CULTURAL TERRORISM.

As soon as Modi showed his Lotus symbol after casting his vote in the May 2014 Lok Sabha elections, the EC directed an FIR to be filed to disqualify Modi from being PM.




I had predicted to my wife that NDTV will soon make EC "Indian of the year " .

Within 20 minutes of me telling this,   my wife yells out  , Prannoy Roy ( with an Irish mother ) has declared EC as person of the year  .   

Below: The days of main stream media being kingmakers are now over.  See a beaming Anglo-Indian half breed Prannoy Roy and Barkha Dutt on far right 



A motley ceremony was immediately held a ceremony to award them .  This EC chief cannot even say 5 words without a pause .

What NDTV did NOT know is that the LYING main stream media cannot control India any more .  

The social media has taken over .

Why does Modi permit all these desh drohi TV channels to announce awards for stooges who go against Bharatmata ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..

 ##########################



If Putin was ruling India he would NEVER allow the ENTIRE main stream media to be anti-majority ( in our case anti-Hindu).

We are lucky to witness case yesterday where a 200 Muslims were re-converted back to Hinduism. 

For these miserable people it was a matter of COMING BACK HOME from RELIGION to SPIRITUALITY.

These vulnerable people had been converted by sops  ( Christianity ) or by sword ( Islam) or by deceit ( Buddhism).

I watched the ENTIRE main stream media condemning this re-conversion.  

And the best part is that the media presstitutes who condemned  it had all Hindu names. It just showed how many Indian media souls have been harvested by foreign money.

DO WE REALLY NEED INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA WHEN THEY ARE ALL ANTI-NATIONAL ?

WHY DOES NOT MODI SHUT THESE JUDAS INDIAN TV CHANNELS DOWN ?  

If we need to see news on TV we can watch foreign TV channels or even Doordarhsan. 

Foreign TV channels are NOT rabidly anti-national as the Indian ones.  I have NOT seen foreign TV channels doing endless rabble rousing like the Indian main stream media .  

These TV channels keep speculating endlessly.   News are delivered with question marks at the end of a sentence and NOT full stops. 

Which other TV channel on this planet does this?

Is Arun Jaitley the right man to head the I&B ministry ? 

Why is Arun Jaitley such a darling of the Indian main stream media, that even Cacafonika Ghose is praising him ?

When India can send a rocket to the moon why cant we set up our own TV channels ?  Why does our Indian media have to be monopolized by R foreign agents who owns these BENAMI Indian fronts ?

We want our NCERT school texts to be cleared of all dirt and lies.  

Yes, and we will NOT allow people who have SOLD THEIR SOULS to Zionists to do this.  Such sold out Judases will tell Ramayana a hundred times without uttering the name of Ravan even once.  

The rot is so deep that Indian do NOT even know that the white invader who ruled us was a German Jew R.  He dabbled in the opium drug and slave business .

They do NOT know how badly this CULTURAL TERRORIST screwed Bharatmata .




How many of our school children know of Indentured labour where Hindu and Muslim Indians replaced black slaves in the plantations controlled by R?   Christians were exempt .!


I want the contents of the post below to be in the school curriculum of all Indian history and social studies books.   Even Wikipedia now gives what I have written below .

Around 1834 the English speaking white man abolished slavery. He then reinvented slavery in the form of Indentured labour from India.   It was a worse form of slavery.  

Attractive ,glowing , blushing , dark skinned young Indian women , now came into the equation. Recruiting agents in India called Arkatia ( the hook ) were paid a handsome some for good looking native women. 

Invariably the naive protector husbands, fathers or brothers of such women would mysteriously fall overboard, get killed or get missing.

These gullible males used to be promised cushy supervisory jobs and handsome wages and the promise that the promised land is just over the horizon. Some women were just kidnapped and shanghaied. Some were child widows who had nothing to lose. 

All were duped into signing ( thumb printing ) extensive 5 year contracts with vague terms and conditions in English, which they could not understand. The British government in India and even the Christian missionaries did nothing to stop this blatant mass deception. 

Sometimes just before sailing attractive women would be secretly separated from their husbands and put on the next ship. 



More than a million Indentured Indians landed in the Caribbean itself. A lot of them were cotton and Indigo workers whose industries were destroyed by the British East India company (owned by R German Jew agents).  

Life was dehumanizing, with no honour, little pay, poor diet, long toiling hours , insults , monetary fines and floggings with cattle whips at the slightest provocation. 

Never in the history of mankind has there been a saga of such greed and injustice-- where more than 1.3 million innocent humans were duped whole sale , given a life sentence , dumped in far flung corners of the planet and forgotten for ever.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html

Modi has now made of connect by visiting Fiji.  He must make a connect by visiting the other nations . 



Country/  Indentured Indian labour ( slaves )

Mauritius             480,000
British Guiana      246,000
Trinidad               145,000
Jamaica                39,000
Grenada            4,000
St Lucia            5,100
Natal                154,000
St Kitts             500
St Vincent        2,600
Reunion            28,000
Surinam            36,000
Fiji                    65,000
East Africa       39,000
Seychelles        9,000
Others              47,000

Total               1,300,200

We are talking about a CULTURAL TERRORIST , R , who duped 13 lakh Indians.  I have been to all these countries  .



The cultural terrorists want to kill SPIRITUALITY.  Only Hinduism offers spirituality  . Rest all are single messiah, single holy book religions .

Christianity and Islam organised violence first. Indian societies knew no violence despite having more than 3000 languages.  India was invaded by Muslims in 1192 AD and by Christians in 1498 AD --  and peaceful Hindus became slaves, till 1947..

History was fudged by the Vatican and Rothschild Zionist Jews. 

Beef eating Islam invaders wanted wealth. 

Pig eating Christian invaders wanted to steal vegetarian India's glorious history, and knowledge and patent it for themselves. 

What a disgrace. 

They were very successful with peer reviewed media,  till the internet did them in. Even now they try to fudge the Internet by HASBARAS, Wikipedia, History channel and the R controlled Main stream emdia . -- but it is a losing battle.

WE WILL FIGHT—WE WILL WIN !

More than 90 million Hindus died during 750 years of foreign rule  .

This is the largest genocide ever.

Punch  into Google search-
UNQUANTIFIED GENOCIDE AND HOLOCAUST  VADAKAYIL .

- not the silly inflated figure of 6 million Jews in World war 2 ( inflated 10 times more ) . 

There were only 3 million Jews in the whole of Europe.  More Orthodox Christian Serbs ( 700,000 ) were killed in a secret inquisition by Pope Pius 12 using Ante Pavelic.  

Orthodox Christians do NOT have a middle man at Vatican with a hotline, between themselves and Jesus Christ.   

General Eisenhower's death camps for German POW- TOP SECRET-- 1.7 million dead.

The German civilian deaths after WW2 got over is 5.7 million. t has been proven beyond doubt, in recent years, that most of the pictures of corpse heaps taken in Germany during WW II, purporting to be Jewish victims of ''racial extermination,'' were actually pictures of German civilians who had died under American war criminals 

AFTER WW2 got over, under starvation orders from Ike.. In addition 5.7 million German civilians died AFTER the war , in a year US had a bumper food crop.   

All the charred heaps of women and childrens' bodies were actually German photos of Dresden saturation bombing Victims.

I am a Hindu from Kerala, the only place where Jews were never persecuted.  On the whole planet, a Hindu is the best friend of the Jew.  I don't need to give bull here.  

Hollywood and Media being controlled by Zionists keep brainwashing and shouting the 6 million holocaust figure.  Hindus lost 90 million, yet we have kept a dignified silence over this-- bygones be bygones.

When British left India in 1947-- we had NOTHING-- they stole everything of value. They made roads, bridges, railways , harbours and airports to STEAL.  

Everything of value was stolen including the Kohinoor on the crown. Today Rothschild bankers are running the world with Tipu Sultan's gold , the fruit of  millenniums of spice trade, translated knowledge trade from Kerala temples.

In 2040, India will take her rightful position again on TOP , as it was from start of time till 1192 AD.

It does NOT pay to antagonise India , or Indians any more.

We will now give MOONH TODH JAWAB , as the Bhagat Gita wants us to —Gandhi and his show the other cheek bullsh#t will NOT work any more .

The white man now comes to India / Bali in droves for they know only Hinduism offers spirituality.

Hinduism was developed along spiritual lines, NOT religious lines—the reason why 800 years of slavery could NOT stamp out this amazing way of life..

Hindusim is NOT a religion, it is the practise of spirituality by elevating human consciousness in the personal quest for truth.

India and Bali are the last pockets of spirituality on this planet. Why do you think the spirituality seeking white man goes to these places in droves?

These foreigners can comprehend that Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith -- unless the faith is an extension of reason.

Hindusim is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

At the heart of Hinduism remains mans' essential quest for union with the Absolute supreme the brahmAn. In addition to tradition and moral order, it also signifies the path of knowledge and correct action ( Dharma ).

Islam and Christianity are religions. These religions had Inquisitions.

Jews were too busy following their VULGAR and racist Talmud.

Ahimsa ( non-violence ) even vegetarianism , is a characteristic of Hinduism—due to which vile foreign invaders took advantage..

What the waitress calls SAFFRON TERROR -- is just the hindus making a free choice NOT to be cowards anymore and giving back as good as they got.

Today when a patient and tolerant Hindu gets outraged and decides to retaliate, rivers of blood flows on the streets .  Enough of CULTURAL TERRORISM .

Openness and inclusivity is the essence of Hinduism.

Hinduism is a spiritual code.  Know thyself is the quintessence.

Hinduism has a total lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.

The diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta are mindboggling.

Loaded truth is delivered or revealed from a divine source and enters the world through a single agent: for example, Abraham in Judaism, Jesus Christ in Christianity, and Muhammad in Islam.

These truths are then recorded in scriptures that serve as a source of knowledge of divine wisdom: the Hebrew Bible, the New Testament of the Christian Bible, and the Koran. In the Hindu tradition, by utter contrast, there is no single revelation.

The Hindu spirituality tradition , unlike other religions -- has always concerned itself with the “human” situation rather than the “our religion “ situation.

Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual-and NOT what is being told as gospel in a holy book .

Ask the Jews—they will say India is the only place where they never got persecuted over thousands of years—they always ran here for refuge.

The reason ?

This country had denizens steeped in spirituality — NOT religious bigots. Hebrew religion and Hinduism co-existed.

Yet today foreign funded Indian TV calls all Hindus bigots –what a joke !.

I AM LUCKY TO BE BORN IN INDIA— HAVING SEEN WHAT THE REST OF THIS PLANET HAS TO OFFER FOR 40 YEARS .!


Meanwhile I have a piece of advice for Christianity.   Christianity is going down the drain world wide. Their clergy has let them down.   

Celibacy must be SELF IMPOSED , like in spiritual Hinduism . It cannot be shoved down the throats of Catholic clergy by military style Vatican created hierarchy rules.   

IT professionals know that maximum surfing on internet for  sexually perverted homosexual material is  from Vatican.  More than 18000 credible accusations of sexual abuse have been made against Catholic clerics since WW2.  

I ask the Pope and Catholic leaders to reexamine and modify their teachings about sex.  CULTURAL TERRORISM cannot be just fought by 1 billion Hindus .  

If either males or females cannot for some reason obtain sexual access to their opposite members, they will find sexual outlets in other ways, this is why in prisons you have extreme homosexuality.  

Catholic priests, who are required by their Church to remain celibate and taught to abhor sexual relationships with women, might in some cases seek outlets for their sexuality in other ways. The behavior could include homosexuality or pedophilia.  

Celibacy is not “a natural state for humans to be in.” Our ancient maharishis were married and had happy family lives.   

People raised in conditions where sex is viewed as evil, and where sexual curiosity is a punishable offense, are likely to end up with warped sexual identities. Those surroundings are often produced by conservative religions. 

There is rampant homosexuality in Buddhist monk enclaves . Buddhism has now become an intolerant religion . 

Every woman has a maternal instinct , and I is a god given thing . It is NOT a thing to be abhorred.  Pedophilia is rampant among gays and lesbian catholic clergy . These men and women were NOT homosexuals before they wore the holy collar or the cassock. 

Centuries of imposed celibacy had not inhibited the erotic drives of monks or nuns, and underground passageways were known to connect some monasteries and nunneries in Europe. Town mayors employed prostitutes to sneak into monasteries  to protect the young girls and boys of the village. 

Instead of PREVENTION Vatican prefers to CURE all sexual pedophile and gay/ lesbian acts by the Catholic clergy by giving financial compensation. We all know how many Billion USD compensation has been given by Vatican in the past 40 years .  

Yet they cannot discard their poor attitudes and continue promoting extremely repressive and unhealthy attitudes toward sex. Unless the Church stops ignoring the overwhelming evidence of the evils produced by its teachings on sexuality – and modifies those teachings to be consistent with modern scientific knowledge – there will be many more victims severely damaged by sexual abuse committed by Catholic clergy.  

WHY ARE THE CATHOLICS PRETENDING TO SLEEP AND ASKING OTHERS TO WAKE THEM UP .  FORCED SEXUAL REPESSION IS THE ROOT CAUSE OF ALL EVILS . 

Man needs spirituality and NOT religion !


Cultural terrorists bleed you internally.  Only you can feel it.  Others do NOT notice.  Mostly they are frightening strategies and tactics that are designed to influence and persuade people. Unlike traditional terrorism, cultural terrorism is rarely violent, but it does more long term harm as they execute morality –nay- fuc#k your minds  .   

Regular terrorism was use of guns against bow and arrow holding Red Indians spilling blood. Cultural terrorism was giving them small pox germ infected blankets in winter or making people sick with lab created virusus.

Bullsh#t paintings like this below fetches crores .



Real art like the one below , fetches nothing, the artist remains a pauper.





http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/modern-abstract-art-and-picasso-capt.html 


The CULTURAL TERRORIST decides what will fetch how much price.  

 Before that he monopolizes all art / wine / good life type magazines and TV media .  

All art experts / wine tasters/ food tasters / connoisseurs etc  are on his salary roll.   

At auctions he bids for his own art and wine .  Worthless things fetch millions .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/chilean-wine-and-art-of-wine-tasting.html

The western dance is all about acrobatics, crude gymnastics, aerial trapeze, rotating on head etc.  

There is NO grace in dance anymore.  




The CULTURAL TERRORIST decides what is fashion -  aimed to destroy family values ..



--   fashion is now controlled by homosexuals ( see Rohit Bal below ). . PTHEEOOYYY !






A prime example of CULTURAL TERRORISM is the daily posts on spirituality in TOILET PAPER OF INDIA .

Every story about our Hindu gods are FAKE and poison injected .  

These posts about homosexuality, incest , debauchery in Hinduism are written by Christians and atheists and crypto R commies , who try to convey that perversion and smut is allowed in Hinduism.

Who has given the licence to this national newspaper to narrate FOUL  IMMORAL stories every day? 

Even the LYING stories of Hinduism in Wikipedia are more tolerable .


At kidney hospitals you find foreign Christian NGO touts and agents offering FREE dialysis in Christian owned hospitals if the patient and his family converts to Christianity .  You find agents offering seats in LKG / UKG of Christian run English medium schools if the parents and the child convert to Christianity .

Joshua Project 2 has allotted billions of dollars for such soul harvesting .

Cultural terrorism has caused thousands of Hindus to convert to Christianity and then become Naxalites who wield AK-47 guns in the RED CORRIDOR of India.

White Christian evangelists come as tourist with VISA ON ARRIVAL and make a beeline to the forests to do activities of subversion .    Multinational mining companies have deprived poor tribals of clean air and water putting their survival at stake.

US president George  Bush had given 20 Billion dollars to put the "soul harvesting " or " conversion to Christianity " plan  into effect. The whole world was racially profiled. Ethnographic data like DNA, ethnicity, caste , creed , language - to check out for easy pickings and quick wins.

The whole mineral rich forests of India inhabited by non-mixing tribals was on focus. 

Create suffering and "survival " problems.    They go in and save them.    This is the meaning of "soul harvesting "  -- save the drowning,  who will clutch on to any last straw..

Joshua II project included intelligence gathering and deception using evangelists--along with conversions to Christianity.  Our Andhra CM , YSR was part of the Joshua Plan.  YSR being Christian was given a free run in Andhra Pradesh, by the waitress  .  YSR doled out Bauxite mining leases in a corrupt manner from 2005 to 2010.

Today you find the Naxalite and NE separatists are all Hindus converted to Christianity. Arundati's stupid prose accounts will only give Hindu names for Ak-47 holding Naxalites.

This low IQ woman, who can play around with English words is a desh drohi.  She was made into a heroine like Amartya Sen, by giving her an Booker award for her fiction book God of Small things. This book was given a publicity blitzkrieg by Rothschild owned media. Then hey presto-- like what Chetan Anand is going now--she goes into "preaching mode" .

Now this "not so bright" woman knows everything under the sun. She comes on R funded TV and gives seditious talk. She is an invitee to all Western embassy cocktail parties--none of whom want India to be a superpower. They all want India to disintegrate the way USSR did. They fan the flames using Arundati Roy, their stooges and her ilk.

THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND KNEW VERY WELL THAT BAUXITE MINING RAPES THE FORESTS, KILLS THE FLORA AND FAUNA AND PUTS SURVIVAL AT RISK.  IF SO WHY HAVE THEY FUNDED BAUXITE MINING ALL OVER THE WORLD?

Which other religious body on this planets goes into EVIL Bauxite mining? 

What is the catch?

Would the Hindu Shankaracharya buy mines in England , to screw the English people and foster violence there, with an aim to convert Christians to Hindus?

We must remember, the Church of England manages an investment portfolio which is worth more than £8 billion.   The Church of England offloaded their 3.8 million British pound stake in Vedanta, the biggest Bauxite mining company in India only 2 years ago, in Feb 2010.  

Vedanta put survival at stake by polluting air and water.  Who use holy Vedanta for a name ?   When holy Hindu names are given to evil tools you mould perceptions of simple  tribals that everything Hindu  is evil . Vedanta was named Vedanta by the Church so that the Tribals reject Hinduism. 

Already BR Ambedkar has done enough to run down the Vedas and Manu Smriti.  The original Vedas and Manu Smriti does NOT contain any vile things for the lower castes.

It was the British who re-wrote the Sanskrit texts and educated the lower castes , that it is better to have Christian invader rules than Hindu rule. All this has been done in such a way, that till the Internet age nobody knew the amazing deception. 

The Joshua conspiracy aim was to make the Vedas sound like " Hitler" or " Devil" to the low castes and tribals.

The noble Vedic maharishis who wrote the Vedas were NOT racists.

Bribes were paid by the bauxite mining companies like Vedanta to the ruling politicians to get mining leases at throw away prices. They flouted all environmental rules.

The Joshu plot is well laid out. Make life unbearable for the tribals. make them despair, with ground water and streams polluted. Provoke them using Trojan horses in the garb of good Samaritans , to revolt.  Give them guns.

Brainwash the gun toting Naxalite and Maoist tribals to believe that the innate, structural inequality of Indian society can only be redressed by the violent overthrow of the Indian State. Give them a constant unending supply of expensive ammunition.

Make the Government shoot their own desperately poor people. Spread false propaganda, that only the Church can save them.  Give medicines and money , selectively to "converted to Christian souls" only. 

This is exactly the way drug runner Rothschild came to India with his shipping fleet British East India company , as traders. Soon traders made us slaves.  There were NIL Christians ( except for a few thousand in Kerala ) , when Vasco da Gama landed in Calicut ( my home town ) in 1498. Today do you have any idea how many million Christians are there.  

All by carrot and stick sops.  Only Islam had used force. There was an Inquisition which nobody knew till the Internet age--yes! in India. The first Inquisition was NOT in Spain or Italy. It was in India . The Catholic Vatican learnt how to torture effectively in India.

Most of the times this coal leases issued by the waitress has already changed hands several times.  All making a neat profit, by doing NOTHING!.  On the ship,the Captain knows when the Original Bill of Lading ownership changes hands at sea.

Algeria is one of the richest country of the world. But today the people there live in utter poverty. Naxalite type terrorism has been fanned there by the West and the Church. It is not profitable to trade with Algeria, as insurance costs go too high, and you cant make a profit. 

Today Rothschild controlled insurance houses have brown nosed and bribed their way into India -- with even Ex-US presidents like George Bush pushing their case with the waitress.

Uunder the desert sands of Algerian Sahara lies the greatest reserves of gas. This is kept as safe storage. One day when the Christian white man wants the fuel, terrorism will stop with the flick of a switch , and this gas will be stolen .

Every foreign funded Christian missionary NGO in India is a Trojan horse.

Today the Indian Christian refuses to see the truth.  For them their religion ( shoved own their ancestor's throats ) is more important than their motherland.  More than 60% of the millions Christian missionaries world wide are no longer white Christians.  Indian Christains are more loyal to Jerusalem and Rome than to their own country. I predict that in a few decades Vatican will be taken over by Kerala Syrian Jews- nay Christians .

It is amusing to see the word "hate" diluted so badly. A huge vicious goon will beat up a frail old  lady.  When she expostulates, stating the truth, the goon will get her thrown in jail and maligned as a terrorist, using his political and media connections-- for , hold your breath--"hate speech" --  BRAVO!

When the Indian military forces and the naxalites fight, with each other, and all locals are driven away for good  --who wins?  the mine owners, right? And remember Church of England is a benami mine owner.

According to its annual reports, Vedanta has paid $8.29 million to the political parties since 2003-04, when it got listed on London Stock Exchange. A bid by British mining giant Vedanta Resources to repair its tarnished international reputation has backfired after two major Bollywood celebrities withdrew from a film competition supposed to show the ‘happiness’ the company creates.

The claim by Vedanta on their  website http://www. creating happiness.in/about_us.html is the biggest  scam  of the century. As many as 38 films have been made by 114 students from 21 colleges. Vedanta had uploaded all films on its official YouTube channel.  Vedanta’s billboards hung out in the Indian forests sing “Mining happiness for the people of Orissa”. 

For years people have been drinking, cooking, swimming and bathing in the red contaminated water and are dying of cancer and leukaemia, the children suffer from skin diseases and women suffer from spontaneous abortions. So much for happiness. 

Naxalites hold they sway in the “Red corridor”, where they control some 92,000 square kilometers of India.Some 30,000 armed cadre Naxalites were operating in addition to 60,000 regular cadres. On April 6, 2010, in its biggest strike ever, the People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) ambushed a CRPF company in Dantewada and killed 76 policemen. 

Indians must shun these foreign funded Christian Trojan horses, who come in droves as good Samaritans.. A report of the Home Ministry showed that more than Rs10,000 crore was sent to India during 2009-2010, mostly from the USA and Europe to NGOs in India.  

Wikileaks revealed that the Indian Cabinet reshuffle of 2006 was done to install Pro-US ministers in power. Kapil Sibal has introduced IT section 66, where the thief doing open robbery can sue the desh bhakt whistle blower for defamation .

Manmohan Singh worked in World Bank/IMF  ( both are Rothschild controlled ) before becoming Finance Minister and Prime Minister of India.   Similarly Chid, Pranab Mukherjee and Montek Singh Ahluwalia were former employees of World Bank and IMF.   

In 1991 World when India needed a loan, the world bank agreed to give loan on condition . The condition was to install Finance Minister of its choice and that Rothschild stooge was Manmohan Singh.

850 million people of India who live on less than twenty rupees a day, the tens of millions of malnourished children in our country, of the two million who die every year before they reach the age of five . 

Our women defecate in the open . 65 years after independence. But Queen bee found it necessary to give a largesse of 10 billion USD to Italy zone—nay—Euro zone, so that they can drink better premium wines. 

Foreign funded Christians missionaries run most of the 4100 NGOs in India and most of them are involved in anti-national misinformation and conversion activities. Missionaries are injecting hatred for the nation, into the simple Adivasi minds.  

Even CJI Katju has stated in his blog that initilally there were only adivasis in India and the rest are all invaders . This is nonsense as borne out by DNA tests . Indian may soon end up becoming another Talibanised nation. We certainly can’t afford that.

Missionaries remove their collars and come as tourists  for conversion work in India . Christian missionaries are behind almost all the terrorism in the North-East India. CIA-supported missionaries are trined in counter-insurgency operations, fanning civil wars and being the  conduits for arms and armaments for Christian insurgent groups.

Brigadier B.K. Ponwar, the director of Chhattisgarh's Counter-Terrorism and Jungle Warfare College, says the enemy is no longer a ragtag militia. It is now one of the world's biggest and most sophisticated armed extreme-left movements, with material and intellectual guidance from the West.

If the Christian Naxalites of India were Muslim Naxalites in USA, they would be on the front page of every paper as a threat to the nation and the Americans would be bombing them.”

More than 70 Christian Missionary NGOs actively work for naxalites and are raising funds and recruiting people at various levels. The Joshua Project, which aims to convert the whole world to Christianity, has a target to build a church in every zip-code , in covert co-operation with the CIA.

The Joshua Project 2 , identifies 2,441 groups, primarily Hindu, totaling about 900,000,000 individuals.  India has the largest number of ethnic people groups, 2,329 in the Joshua Project database.

On 2nd Dec 2008 -- Francois Gautier ( French writer , living in India for 42 years )wrote an Open 
Letter to the waitress -

I accuse Sonia of having let her Christian and Western background, in four years, divide India on religious and caste lines in a cynical and methodical manner.

 I accuse Sonia of being an enemy of the Hindus, who always gave refuge to persecuted minorities, and who are the only people in the world to accept that God may manifest under different names, in different epochs, using different scriptures.

I’accuse Sonia of exploiting the Indian Press’ obsession with her. She hardly ever gave interview in 20 years, except scripted ones to NDTV, yet the Press always protects her, never blames her and keeps silent over her covert role. Nevertheless, she is a danger to India.

Her very presence, both physical and occult, open the doors to forces inimical to India. Even Indian Christians should understand that she is not a gift to them:

her presence at the top has emboldened fanatics like John Dayal or Valson Thampu, who practise an orthodox Christianity prevalent in the West in the early 20th century, but no longer, to radicalise their flock.

Indian Christians should recognise that they have a much better deal here than Christians or Hindus have in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia or Saudi Arabia.

On Jan 29th 2001, the Joshua project was launched. It was white washed as a respectable "social service initiative" to fund the Christian missionaries.  Jim Towey was the director . The Vatican knew where to get easy pickings from--the poorest of the poor in deep forests .

Jim Towey was Mother Theresa 's lawyer. Mother Theresa was awarded Nobel prize, which even Gandhiji did NOT get ,  and of course Bharat Ratna.

If you want to know the true naked face of this evil woman who is now a "saint" .  She was a CULTURAL TERRORIST under wraps .

Mother Teresa was the poster girl for Vatican. She had proved it is very easy to convert, the poorest of the poor , into Christianity, by carrot on stick method.

There was this European girl by the name of Agnes Gonxha Bojaxhiu .  She  were born in poorest of the poor countries Albania just before the First world war. 

She was 4 feet nothing in height, you were repulsively ugly with facial hair, thin cruel lips ,over sized nose and a figure like a sack of potatoes.

She had  no father and was  uneducated .   She hated her  mother and your sister, who packed her off  to Ireland to be a nun in return for financial favours from the church.   She knew no English to communicate with the other Irish and Scottish nuns , who treated her with contempt for her inherent worth.

At this stage of her life what were her  options? Well if your are the world’s number one opportunist, it is a piece of cake.

Teresa was a master in wheeling and dealing . This impoverished, uneducated, ugly , and not so honest girl secured for herself her own worldwide Empire, in which she played the queen bee –nay-- God. She was the jet setting Saint.  During monsoons she would never be in India.

She secured a Nobel prize.   She got for herself the highest civilian award of India , the Bharat Ratna . She rubber shoulders with Presidents, Queens and the Pope. She was one of the richest women of her time. She got herself canonized.
 
Remember, she was NO princess or Hollywood beauty who had all the options in the world , had hundreds of men dreaming of marrying her, and still made THE absolute sacrifice.
 
By a stroke of good luck , after one depressing and lonely year at Loretto Abbey Ireland and learning few English words, she was sent to Calcutta, in India , where she arrived in 1929, at the young age of 19.
The people of Calcutta are known to be in awe of the white skin, sentimental and emotionally volatile . The white girl extracted maximum leverage of her white skin, and slowly but steadily, she became the planets most admired and talked about female.

At every Miss Universe pageant, the contestants won the beauty crown by being equally deceptive . They all said that their aim in life was to be a Theresa. And the gullible judges lapped it up.
Her steep rise was aided by the Vatican propaganda machine. See, how kind and loving we Catholics under Pope are!

Mother Theresa , had billions stashed away in Swiss banks holding Papal accounts. She loved to take dirty money from dictators and con-men. She never used it on the destitute or even the poor sisters who took care of the destitutes, slogging and burning the midnight oil.

She used a small percentage to open more than 700 Catholic institutions world wide. Most of them were political, as dictated by the Vatican. For example-- Just before the Berlin wall came down she was there leading a congregation of 20000 believers.

She brainwashed all her nuns into believing that their suffering was chosen by Jesus. She had nuns who thus were zombies, forbidden to express themselves, leave alone complain.

And they suffered indeed. Cleaning up pus , shit and maggots , day after day , is NO easy task. It was living hell for them. And to see a shrewd white ugly woman who did nothing , garner all the glory and play to the gallery and cameras.

The nuns lived in most frugal conditions. They had just 3 sets of clothes, which they kept mending and re mending. Mother Teresa never dirtied her hands. 

They only time she would dirty them was when her beady eyes spotted a camera, whereupon she would immediately pick up a child do Coochie koo soil her hands and lips. 

As soon as the cameras went away, she quickly washed her hands and went back to her comfortable quarters, which was never allowed to be photographed. Check out how Kailash Satyarhi poses with kids for photo shoots .

Almost all the burnt out nuns who left Teresa , unable to bear the agony were broken and psychologically disturbed. 

Mother Teresa is on record on video , gloating with a sick grin, telling a terminally ill cancer patient, who was suffering and from unbearable pain, that, "You are suffering like Christ on the cross. So Jesus must be kissing you." 

The nuns knew that the man was denied pain killers or a stay at the hospital , despite her billions, and were at a loss to understand why Jesus should get a kick from watching their suffering. This is pure sadism. And, unfortunately for the poor, Mother Teresa was ruthlessly intent on making her God very happy .

With millions coming in as donations , she could afford to buy antibiotics and pain killers and use hospital care, but chose not to. They all knew how much money mother Theresa had, yet she would force them to use one feeding bottle for 10 babies and reuse syringes again and again in the AIDS era. The food was pathetic. Teresa had her own food. She would never invest in a cheap washing machine or a heater to heat water.

It was all about displaying and show casing stark human suffering, to earn more moolah. Like how a leper beggar would keep his wounds open in a crowded market  place infested with flies , to get more alms-- depsite knowing it is a wrong thing to do.

This is a psychological disease-- a strain of MUNCHAUSEN SYNDROME BY PROXY.  Such a syndrome is usual to a woman who is sexually repressed, and received zero love in childhood.

Münchausen syndrome by proxy (MSbP) is when a mother deliberately causes injury or illness to her own child to gain attention, sympathy or other psychological benefit.

Teresa was all the time playing the part of the ministering angel, and chose to save the souls of the lowest of the low – the people who were dying. She was not interested in curing anyone. She wasn't interested in the living or potentially living, only the dying, and she was only interested in the dying for her own selfish pleasure in getting off on playing the ministering angel.
 
She was least interested in helping them to get better, only to save their souls. It was about making people die. The only difference between this evil and that of Mother T is that she never had to take any murderous actions because there was a steady supply of dying people, in Calcutta.

I call this prostituting your soul. This is way beyond being a cultural terrorist on the scale of EVIL.
Even if she got dozens of fridges, washing machines , heaters , tons of clothes , and millions of dollars as donations —the destitutes and the nuns who served them were deliberately kept in the same shameful state. 

It was all about the Vatican sponsored press going GA GA about the urgent need for donations, and how their flag bearerTeresa was doing a wonderful job , despite all odds. Will Teresa ever be allowed to run such a concentration camp in USA or Europe or Japan? --when she has billions extracted in the name of these unfortunate people.

Mind-you, in the English speaking countries, her poor institutions, had AC and heating, cable TV, free Capuccino machines, decent beds ( nobody slept on the floor ) and proper medical care. It was only in India she had to keep the FESTERED SORE WIDE OPEN. 

She used the Indians who respected her white skin so much, and looked up to her. She trampled on their dignity.  History, in this internet age, which does NOT depend on Vatican influenced peer reviewed magazines, will judge her harshly.

Same way, Mother Theresa was keeping the façade of poverty to advance her own bullshit sanctity.

British journalist, Christopher Hitchens Teresa's words at a 1981 press conference in which she was asked: "Do you teach the poor to endure their lot?"

She replied: "I think it is very beautiful for the poor to accept their lot, to share it with the passion of Christ. I think the world is being much helped by the suffering of the poor people."  Saint Theresa was not a friend of the poor. She was a FRIEND OF POVERTY. She said that suffering was a gift from God

She forced her nuns to beg for bread and medicines, with millions of US dollars in her Swiss Banks. She would force Indian Airlines to fly here nuns free.

It was all about the holy Spirit guiding the holy Mother.

In her Nobel acceptance speech , she went on and on on , how she roamed the dark, damp and dangerous Calcutta streets to pick up the destitute.

We now have Kailash Satyarthi giving bull of how many children he saved. All he did was to KILL the ULTRA skilled cottage industries of India where skills are passed over from father to son . 

Indian economy is NOT reflected in the stock market . India with her huge potential falls outside the envelope of the Adam Smith and Keynes  economic model.

She gave away the ambulances , she received as donations. She did NOT pick anybody nor did she allow her clan to pick up. Only destitutes brought in by the Calcutta Corporation was considered.  Some of her ambulances were used only to transport her nuns to Churches for prayer and to Airports and Train stations.

Blah Blah-- "We have a home for the dying in Calcutta, where we have picked up more than 36000 people only from the streets of Calcutta, and out of that big number more than 18000 have died a beautiful death. They have just gone home to God."  WOW!

Sometimes while giving her speech, she would say, that she fed 10000 people . Then after 3 minutes this figure would come down to 4000, and then jump back to 9000— yet nobody was sarcastic of her true lies.. While actually she would just be feeding 300, and only those who has a food coupon, mostly converted and baptised Christians.

She would say ” If there was poor leper on the moon, I will be the first to be there!”, and all cried WOW, -- egged on by the Vatican sponsored press.

She was grateful to the Vatican , for their fantastic propaganda , and hence in return campaigned relentlessly against abortion. Her entire obsession was that the raped women if pregnant must not have abortions. She would never fly abroad, unless she stopped over at the Pope’s residence.

In the April 1996 issue of the US magazine Ladies Home Journal, Mother Teresa said that she wanted to die like the poor in her home for the dying destitute in Kalighat. This is a white lie as she always went abroad for medical treatments . 

She also had several treatments at expensive Calcutta's Woodlands and Belle Vue Clinics, which are outside the reach of 99% of India's population. Her Calcutta nuns just had to suffer out a tooth ache and take a bath in just one bucket of cold water, though she was worth billions.

Virgin sister Susan Shields who handled incoming money in NY USA remembers that one year itself, she personally handled donations of more than $50 million in a New York bank account. She had testified that all money came , clearly marked " for the destitute ", from world wide, and was NOT for opening fresh Catholic institutions.

Computers, typewriters, photocopiers are not allowed. Even when they are donated, they are not allowed to be installed. For book-keeping the sisters use school notebooks, in which they write in cramped pencilled figures. Until they are full. Then everything is erased and the cheap notebook is used again. 

All ostensibly in order to save. It was basically to fool others into believing she was poor. The real reason was to cover up her tracks and avoid getting audited ..This requires a criminal mind of a cultural terrorist .

It was compulsory for women to shave their heads, just because Mother Theresa was bald.  She knew very well of the particular cultural importance Indian women (however poor or destitute) attach to long hair.
 
Occasionally when on board the first class section of an aeroplane, Mother Teresa would demand for left over food to be given her so that she could take them to the poor. This would impress all the rich folks around her and all would say WOW and “ way to go! “ and clap.  

The moment she got of the plane she would dump the unwieldy food into the nearest dustbin. It was all about positive word of mouth publicity. The saint would keep repeating that she never did anything that would detract from the cause of the poor.

She was an exceptional Catholic -- indeed much (if not most) of the resources of her organisation was spent on religious activities, such as in the training of nuns, novices, Brothers and priests, and in the upkeep of establishments which are exclusively nunneries and Brothers' houses.

When Mother Teresa told journalists (as she did very often during her life) how many establishments she ran around the world, she never made it clear that a large number of these housed Catholic nuns and brothers and were not homes for the poor, for which cause money poured in .

In December 1984, 25000 people died in Bhopal from inhaling MDI cyanide toxic gas, leaked by the multinational giant Union Carbide, the Vatican send her to broker for Catholic Chairman Warren Anderson. Warren Anderson made a huge pay off of Union Carbide money . 

 Mother Teresa, whose post-Nobel reputation within India was then very high indeed, rushed in to Bhopal like an international dignitary.
 
She looked at the carnage, nodded gravely three times and said, "I say, forgive." There was a stunned silence in the audience and press. She took in the incredulity, nodded again, glared back and repeated, "I say, forgive". Then she quickly wafted away, like visiting royalty.

Mother Teresa's propaganda machinery handled her Bhopal trip in the following clever but diabolical way:

QUOTE-- As she was present to the agony of Calcutta, and that of India's other great cities, so Mother Teresa was present to the anguish of Bhopal, a city four hundred miles to the south of Delhi, when a cloud of smoke enveloped a crowded slum on the night of December 3, 1984. The Missionaries of Charity, who had long been working in Bhopal, escaped being among the victims because the death-bringing gas was blown by the wind in a different direction....... Even while the dead were being cremated or buried, Mother Teresa rushed to Bhopal with teams of Missionaries of Charity to work with the Sisters already on the scene. "We have come to love and care for those who most need it in this terrible tragedy", said Mother Teresa, as she went from centre to centre, from hospital to hospital visiting afflicted people-- .UNQUOTE

Another of Mother's biographies has a photograph in it with the following caption: "Helping A Survivor of the Chemical Leak at Bhopal, December 1984".The photograph concerned shows Mother daintily offering a marigold flower to a woman moribundly lying in a hospital bed.

After 26 years , dead souls got a pittance of 500 USD as compensation -- This is American "Agent Orange Justice" for you.  ( The Indian IPL cricket league is worth  4 billion USD )

When earthquakes happen, she would wait until the new homes were put up by Government money  and then her Vatican sponsored press would take her picture against the new homes back drop, though she did NOT contribute a cent. . 

The world seeing pictures of Mother Teresa bending down humbly to present the papers of houses to villagers, they very naturally thought that Mother herself had been instrumental in building those houses, and more moolah poured in ( one of the gullible being your truly ).

The international Catholic media sponsored by Vatican , would splash in newspapers and magazines  -- "All In A Day's Work for Mother Teresa" was how they captioned Mother's photo .

When the plague struck India in 1994, Mother Teresa arrived at the Vatican on one of her frequent visits. As she arrived at Rome airport, she was ceremoniously quarantined there. Pictures of her being taken away for quarantine were circulated all over the world by the Pope propaganda machine  -- the natural assumption was that she had been working knee deep with plague sufferers. She had had no involvement whatsoever either during or after the plague with treatment or prevention.

Mother Teresa frequently stated that the "happiest day of my life is when the Holy Father came to Calcutta."  It is noteworthy that Mother's happiest day was not when she got the divine revelation, or any other day.

On 18 November, Mother Teresa participated in a dharna (sit-in) and fast in Delhi demanding reservations for dalit low caste Christians. Then suddenly criticism of her actions started flooding in, especially from the Indian media, who are normally sympathetic to her (a lot of resentment exists in India over religion and caste reservations). 

Even her dear old Calcutta Statesman, published a sarcastic cartoon, Mother Teresa, who moved quite expertly in response to public and media opinion in India, now did an utter volte-face. She took the unprecedented step of calling a press conference (on 24 November) at Mother House in Calcutta and denied all knowledge of the sit-in! 

She said she thought it was merely a prayer session. Her denial was emphatic: "I have never participated in any sit-in demonstrations or demanded reservations for dalit Christians." A professional politician could not have lied better, despite being on video camera.
 
One year after her first death anniversary, the German magazine Stern, published a searing critique of her work in an article titled, "Mother Teresa, Where Are Your Millions?" An article that took a year's research in three continents and concluded that her organisation did not deserve to be called a charitable foundation, nor she a saint.
 
On October 18, 2003, India gave up her most famous mother to the world. She was beatified by Pope John Paul II in the Vatican in conjunction with his celebrations of 25 years in the papacy. She is now on the fast track to become the first Indian ever to be canonised as a saint despite the pooh-poohs about the validity of her one miracle, and will from now on be known as "the blessed Mother Teresa." 

After all did she not operate 700 Catholic Propaganda missions in 123 countries, under the guise of help for the destitute?

She chose India as her base and got many young docile girls from my home state Kerala for her convents. In USA most nurses are from Kerala, my home state. They will do any work quietly without complaining.

(In Kerala the girls are meant to be seen , NOT to be heard, such is the culture. In my wife's joint family ancestral house with 26 rooms , the womenfolk would not even come to the front drawing room, leave alone talk loud or argue. )

Those young girls/women chosen by Teresa were not there voluntarily in the psychological sense, they were there because their parents put enormous psychological pressure on them to become nuns, after receiving financial aid/ bribes from the Church.
       
Several of Mother Teresa’s American volunteers in Calcutta described her “Home for the Dying” as resembling photos of concentration camps . No chairs, just stretcher beds. Virtually no medical care or painkillers beyond aspirin.

And all her billions lie safely in Vatican Swiss accounts.  It pays to remember, most of this money was donated by the poor common man and school children, of all races and religions world wide .  It was to help the poor , NOT for her to open 700 Catholic monastries and do propaganda for the Pope, that Roman Catholics are the kindest.

And does anybody know the miracle she performed to get canonised and earn sainthood?-- the least you talk about it the better. Hold your breath-- for curing a Indian woman of stomach tumour. How come we Indians, who worshipped her , and the poor nuns who slogged for her, never knew about this?  It happened just by just wearing a Teresa locket, as per the Pope.

Where is my miracle locket? Must buy it!!

This Bengali woman Monica Besra, never had a cancerous tumour in the first place. The benign tubercular tumour she had was fully cured after a full treatment course using Allopatic medicines by Dr. Ranjan Mustafi. This woman was forced to give bullshit .

Beware of all philanthropists , who will donate only when a camera is focused on them. Or will make a donation , only if this deed is made public on TV and print.

Will you make 700 religious institutions with your own statue installed with money donated , for the destitute, , by thousands of kind poor people worldwide, who sacrificed half a loaf of bread?
Will you line your nest and become a poster woman , by starting a cult of death-- where people come to die. Where death is pre-meditated, without simple antibiotics or a simple ride to hospital in a ambulance--quoting the will of god?

Can you live a lie to achieve immortality as a saint ? Can this happen outside white skin worshipping India, in say, France or Japan?.

Mother Teresa the saint, is defnitely not playing the harp in heaven. We have a saint in hell, paying the price for selling her soul

DO YOU BELONG TO THIS PATHETIC CATEGORY?

DO SOME SOUL SEARCHING !.

DO YOU PROSTITUTE YOUR SOUL ? 

This is the extreme depth of a cultural terrorist—you can sink no further  .

When a journalist saw a sick man suffering with pain, he asked Mother Teresa " What do you do for your inmates suffering from pain?" The answer was " We pray for them!". It went beyond that --for the poor patient was told " You pain is Christ kissing you!" " Suffering is a gift from God" .

Most of these patients died because of malnutrition --just a few vitamins and good food would have saved them--and she had billions stashed away in the banks of Vatican, by using Calcutta as an open sore to attract flies --nay- money.

Here was a woman , who was NOT a friend of the poor--but a friend of "poverty".

The people of Calcutta rewarded her services with EMPTY STREETS when her funeral procession went past.

This was NOT reported by an embarrased Vatican and Rothschild held main stream media.

There were several reports of organ harvesting ( kidney ) from brain dead patients and dying patients, in the Calcutta Mother Teresa home.  These were the "lucky" ones who were sent to hospitals.  Nobody had the guts to expose this claim , as Mother Teresa was a international celebrity and considered equivalent to God.

 Remarkably, amongst all those 34,000 pages of ‘official evidence’ for Teresa’s miracle cure from beyond the grave, there was not a solitary sentence from anyone who was actually involved with Monica Besra’s medical treatment.

 "My wife was cured by the doctors and not by any miracle." Monica’s husband Seiku  forth-rightly tells anyone who will listen, not that the Catholic Church has to this day ever spoken to crucial witness like him.

Monica Besra is a 38-year-old tribal woman from Dulidnapur village, a mother of four.

She is illiterate and speaks her tribal mother tongue only, a few words of broken Bengali & English.

Monica’s  threats to ‘spill the beans’ had the required effect.

Fearing her admissions would expose the stage-managed nature of the deceit, The Vatican arranged for ‘hush money’ to be paid to her via, of all entities, the local Mother Teresa Charitable Welfare Society.

When this pay-off was exposed in the Indian media the Society was forced to comment saying simply it was ‘a donation’.

A substantial one, and as 'icing on the cake' , places for the Besra children at a private English Medium Catholic School.

The Serbs know who is Ante Pavelic and how Pope Pius Pacelli XII used him for ethnic cleansing   Well Mother Teresa, was the "female Ante Pavelic in reverse " .  

Everyone knows that she influenced Vatican , for the biggest single act of ethnic cleansing in modern times-- the forced removal of 6 lakh Serbs ( 600,000 ) from Krajina region -- just because they do NOT allow a middleman with a hotline to come in between them and their God Jesus Christ. 

She was more of a politician when it came to Yugoslavia, and this is the reason why she jetted across to Vatican very often in chartered planes.

How many of you know that she was a part Sephardic Jew?




Vatican perfected the art of Inquisition torture in India on Hindus .  They applied these tactics on Jews in Spain/ Italy only later .   

Let history be re-written . I was the first to expose this on the internet . Today Wikimedia has copied it .

In 1498 Vasco Da Gama landed up at a beautiful beach ( Kappad ) in my hometown Calicut. Vasco Da Gama tried to impress the King of Calicut with glass beads , scarlet hoods and coral greatly amusing the King of Calicut ( my hometown ). 

Vasco Da Gama cooled his heels for a few days till the king came back from Guruvayur temple 125 km away by elephant ride.

Vasco Da Gama’s saoldiers started stealing pepper vines at night.   When told about this the Zamorin ( king ) laughed and said “ He can steal my vines and soil , can he steal our weather ?”

On his second voyage in 1502 Vasco Da Gama came with 25 ships , thousands of soldiers and large canons. Enroute to Calicut they caught a pilgrim ship on passage to Mecca and burnt all 700 including women and children alive. 

He pounded Calicut city with his long range guns. When a messenger was sent by the king, Vasco Da Gama cut off his lips , and ears-- stitched the ears of a dog in place and sent him back.

King Zamorin was wary of the Portugese and soon they shifted base to Cochin and then to Goa.

On May 6th 1542, St Francis Xavier of the Jesuit order of Ignatius Loyola , at the young age of 36,  landed at Goa, after a 13 month ardous voyage round the Cape of Good Hope-- under orders of King of Portugal Joao III and Vatican.  He was to harvest souls.

Pretty soon, he found out the hard way-- that the local Indians are NOT east to convert from Hinduism to Christianity. He started by ordering the temples to be demolished. But then people had idols in their houses.

Hinduism was deeprooted.  The vedic Indian civilisation flourished on the banks of river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC. When the river Saraswati dried up in 4000 BC , the people had migrated to the Zuari.

In 1545 Francis Xavier, frustrated -- wrote to Rome ( this letter is preserved ) and to the King —

QUOTE “ The Hindus are an unholy race. They are liars and cheats to the very backbone. Their idols are black—as black as black can be— ugly and horrible to look at , smeared with oil and smell in a evil manner. “—UNQUOTE
  
He then formally ordered the Portugese Inquisition for  Goa , which ran from 1516 to 1812.    The rest of Europe had terminated the Inquisition in 1774.   It stopped in 1812 due to British intervention.

More than 20000 people were brought under trial by this Inquisition.

Hindus were NOT allowed to wear the Shendi ( hair tuft ), have a Tulsi plant in front of their house, wear the sacred thread , have an idol in their homes , wear sandals , read the Vedas etc
This drove all of them away from Goa, leaving the land behind.  Some of them unwillingly converted into Christianity.

It was NOT religious hatred alone, the main reason was to steal as many ancient Sanskrit and Malayalam Vedic texts on Science, Medicine and Mathematics.   It is from Xavier that Europe came to know about medicinal leech vaccination ( among other things ) , and later Freemason Edward Jenner made a name for himself. 

The ancient Maharishis from Kerala, has been vaccinating the Pharaohs of Egypt, 6500 years before Edward Jenner using leeches - today you can see it in the movie EXODUS -GODS AND KINGS ( in 3D ) where the father of Ramses is getting vaccinated .




The masses were converted into Christianity, saddled with Portuguese surnames , given menial jobs, made to eat Beef and Pork and drink cheap Feni ( a local brew made of Cashew and Coconut ). This easy inebriated life destroyed their mindset and till today no Catholic Goan boy has passed the IIT entrance exam. ( ala the Red Indians of North America and the Aborigines of Australia ).

 On Jan 31 st 1620, the Portugese government ordered that NO Hindu marriages can be performed in Goa. They went one step ahead in 1625—and ordered that NO Hindu infidel can be employed in Goa.

 The Portuguese Inquisition Laws filled 230 pages and the Inquisition was to be held behind closed doors. Fr. Diago de Boarda and his advisor Vicar General, Miguel Vaz had made a gruesome 41 point plan for torturing Hindus.

Under this plan Viceroy António de Noronha issued in 1566, an order applicable to the entire area under Portuguese rule. I hereby order that in any area owned by my master, the king, nobody should construct a Hindu temple and such temples already constructed should not be repaired without my permission. If this order is transgressed, such temples shall be, destroyed and the goods in them shall be used to meet expenses of holy deeds, as punishment of such transgression.

In 1567, the campaign of destroying temples in Bardez met with success. At the end of it more than 300 Hindu temples were destroyed. Enacting laws, prohibition was laid from 4 December 1567 on rituals of Hindu marriages, sacred thread wearing and cremation.

All the persons above 15 years of age were compelled to listen to Christian preaching, failing which they were punished. In 1583 all Hindu temples at Assolna and Cuncolim were destroyed through army action.

Convered Hindus , who were detected to secretly  hold their old religion in esteem were burnt at the  stake or brutally tortured.

Brutal methods used were – To tear off the tongues--  To blind the victim with sharp sticks or red-hot iron spikes-- The pulling of the flesh with pliers-- The skinning of the accused alive-- Quartering (in which the victims intestines would be pulled from the body) and impaling, in which a stake would be hammered through the victim’s body avoiding the vital organs, resulting in a slow death that could last for hours or days.
  
A sharp iron fork was used to mangle breasts. Red hot pincers were used to tear off flesh. Red hot irons were inserted up vaginas and rectums. A device named the turcas was used to tear out fingernails. After the nails were ripped out needles were shoved in. Boots called bootikens were used to lacerate flesh and crush bone.

Thumbscrews were used to crush the fingers and toes. Acid was poured on victims and hands were immersed into pots of boiling oil and water. Eyes were gouged out by irons. Alcohol was poured on the head of the poor victim and set alight. Water was poured down the victims throat with a knotted cloth. The cloth was then jerked out tearing up the victims bowels.
  

There was no limit to the types and cruelty of the tortures. The inquisition meant anything was allowed. The inquisitors were sadistic and mentally disturbed. An "Inquisition" was supposed to be a legal inquiry by the church.


After the poor victims confessed to things they never did more torture was to follow. On the way to the stake or gallows victims were flogged, burned, branded and had their hands and tongues hacked off.

Fillippo Sassetti , an Italian merchant from Florence,  has chronicled everything. He was the first European to learn Sanskrit. His views were NOT the jaundiced views of a white man. Between 1578 and 1588 he had sent a huge number of letters to the grand ducal court in Florence –all about the Portugese inquisition and the Indian view point. 

A French traveller by the name of Dr.Charles Delone had got himself imprisoned in the Sultan’s palace (1674-77) and saw things for himself . His observations are in his book published in 1687 and is named "L’inquisition de Goa".  


Charles Delone was an eye witness to the atrocities, cruelty and reign of terror unleashed by priests. He published a book in 1687 describing the lot of helpless victims. While he was in jail, he had heard the cries of tortured people beaten with instruments having sharp teeth.

Dr.Claudius Buchanan's  (above )  a Scotsman of the Church of England , witnessed some gruesome burning scenes in Great Hall of Goan Inquisition in 1608,  and wrote about the Portuguese Inquisition in 1812.
  




Voltaire wrote on the Portuguese Inquisition in Goa— Quote ” Goa est malheureusement célèbre par son inquisition , également contraire à l'humanité et au commerce. Les moines portugais firent accroire que le peuple adorait le diable , et ce sont eux qui l'ont servi. (Goa is sadly famous for its inquisition, equally contrary to humanity and commerce. The Portuguese monks made us believe that the people worshiped the devil, and it is they who have served him.)”.

Historian Alfredo de Mello described the Portuguese in Goa : Quote—“ nefarious, fiendish, lustful, corrupt religious orders which pounced on Goa for the purpose of destroying paganism (ie Hinduism) and introducing the true religion of Christ”  Unquote.

Traditional musical instruments were banned and only western music was allowed— a tradition seen even today. A Goan Christian marriage MUST have a live band playing pop music . Just an example of long effects of cultural terrorism ..




So much of negativity, let me introduce some good CHEER .  See I am a Libran .

Two sharks swimming in the ocean come across a group of survivors of a sunken ship.

"Follow me son.  Today I will show you the correct procedure to eat humans" the father shark said to the son shark and they swam to the group of people floating in the water.

"First we swim around them a few times with just the tip of our fins showing." And they did.

"Well done, son! Now we swim around them a few times with full fins showing." And they did.

 “ Now, every few seconds we pop out of the water, open our mouths and let them see our teeth” And they did.

"Now we eat everybody." And they did.

When they were both gorged, the son asked, "Dad, why do all this? Why not just eat them?"

Says the wise papa shark ,

"Because they taste better when there aint no shit inside them!"




The biggest CUKTRURAL GENOCIDE in the past  happened in India by the name of DEVADASI SYSTEM .

The white invader created a FOUL and IMMORAL system where their white soldiers can have FREE sex with blushing Indian girls immediately after their first menses . For this they factored in Indian gods to fool the girls. They used their FAKE mutts and FAKE shankaracharyas.

Rothschild gave freedom to Syrian Christians of Kerala and Chitpavan Brahmins to publish sponsored news items , regularizing such FAKE and foul temple activities . Both these communities are of Jewish origin.

On paper the Rothschild controlled historians wrote the British tried hard to eradicate social evils like the non-existant “temple prostitution” and made dozens of Indian social reformer heroes for us to study in our school social studies NCERT books.   

Today this has boiled down to western embassy cocktail dinners where moth eaten faces who come on prime time TV , would sell their souls to be at.   If they denigrate ancient history well enough they might even get R controlled foreign awards , all with cash prizes attached –an official bribe for a job well done .

The white invader used their FAKE mutts and their stooge immigrant Indian media to cement the devadasi system as an ancient social custom , as late as 100 years ago.

They devised a tali-tying dedication ( manglasutra ) ceremony, as soon as a girl got her first periods  by a temple priest which initiated a young girl into the devadasi profession .  Mind you , nothing of this sort is allowed in Hinduism. These girls were chosen for their good looks. This was a fake symbolic "marriage" of the pubescent girl to the temple's deity. 

From then onward, the devadasi is considered a nitya sumangali-- a woman eternally free from the adversity of widowhood. A lot of foreign Christian missionary funded NGOs have kept the concept of Devadasi alive—interviewing wh0res and giving them doles and sops so that they pretend to be devadasis and continue with the lie, originated solely with the purpose of making the Hindu self loathing during British rule.

The British were successful in this and there are many Hindu sects in India , all created by stooges of Rothschild .

Arya Samaj set up by Maharishi Dayanand was one.  He started his own temples and rejected our ancient temples and god like Shiva and Vishnu.   On 7 April 1875, the Bombay Arya Samaj was officially established by Rothschild.  Somebody told me on the TOI comments column that Narendra Modi is an Arya Samaji.  If so what has he gone to Vishwanath temple in a Nepal ?

Any member of Arya Samaj caught praying in a temple faced severe corporal punishment like whipping.  Chitpavan Jew Veer Saravarkar was a king pin of this movement.

Dayanand Saraswati who was poisoned  in 1883 aged 59 was hardly a noble and a graceful Maharishi. He was highly intolerant , a racist and an alleged murderer .  He had NO fu#kin' idea of Advaita and Dvaita Hindusim.  

But see, anybody who denigrated temples were on Rothschild’s reward list.

Brahmo samaj was created in Calcutta on 20 August 1828 by opium agent of Rothschild Raja Ram Mohan Roy and father of Rabindranath Tagore -- Debendranath Tagore who was son of Dwarakendranath tagore, the Opium drug runner agent of Rothschild.  These desh drohis rejected temples and the Vedas.

You have NO idea how the British fooled Indians to divide and rule.  Even today the dalit leaders – the BR Ambedkarites, the EVR Periyarites , and the Mayawati types froth from their mouth on TV prime time , while speaking of temple worship, our priceless Vedas and Maharishi Manu.

Manu was incapable of being racist , as he was a noble Maharishi who founded the great Indian culture and spirituality , which is attracting white men in droves to India even today.   They are attracted by the amazing concept of Dharma .
  
The fake mutts and fake acharyas created by the British were instrumental is goading the temple priests of South Karnataka -- sort of  -- “ Listen , your holy brother brahmins in Kerala , the Namboodiris are having FREE SEX and enjoying themselves.   Why don’t you guys go for it too,  we will sponsor this  ? ”.  

This temple prostitution was a part of denigrating temples are dens of vice – all to make the Hindu self loathing.

In any case a lot of these Brahmins speaking Tulu were the younger brothers of Namboodiris from Kerala who could NOT inherit property.  They just could have FREE SEX.  In Kerala there were NO devadasis .
  
The myth of Devadasis as wh0res attached to temples , was a milch cow for many .

These kept the myth alive , got hold of hundreds of whores to say that they were helpless devadasi prostitutes attached to temples .

A typical story from hundreds of such cock and bull stories  in foreign funded media would run like this.  The whole idea was to show Hindusim is full of sh#t—so better convert to Christianity .

QUOTE -A report commissioned by the National Commission for Women (NCW) in India reveals the shocking reality of how thousands of Dalit women continue to be forced into the Devadasi system in several states of India today -UNQUOTE  ( But hey, if these women were dalits who were banned from temples as per foreign funded NCW, how the fu#k did they become Devadasis ? In their mann mandir? )

Here is another foreign Christian evangelist funded NGO reporting—
  
QUOTE -  Parvathiamma ( name changed –TEE HEEEE ! ) was forced to sleep with her Hindu uncle at the age of 7 after a marriage ceremony to Goddesses Huligamma ( or was it Pulgiamma ? TEE HEEEE ! ) .  When she refused to comply, her genitalia was mutilated ( Oh Boy ! was it done with Bharat blade or Wilkinson –TEE HEEEE !  ) .  A lifetime of violation, sexual abuse and exploitation ensued. She is now 40 and inflicted with AIDS.   Her daughters were also dedicated to Goddess Yellama – UNQUOTE

So then how does the immoral white historian justify that the goddess Yellamma of the Devasai prostitutes (sic!) was of low caste and hence low castes were attached to temples as dancers ?--saving Dr Sherlock fu#kin' Holmes and his side kick Dr Watson a big headache ?

Simple, they cooked up a cock and bull story.

Lord Vishnu's  avatar Lord Parashurama ran after his own mother with an axe to kill her.

Renuka ran ( faster than Usain Bolt – TEE HEEEE ! ) to a low-caste community for refuge.

However Lord Parashurama sought out the place she was hiding from her own son , and cut her head off.

DHAAAD –

excuje pleez what was that unholy sound?

Well folks, that was the sound of bad Renuka’s head hitting the ground. TEE HEEEE !

But Hey, hold on— a  low-caste woman tried to protect her, and she too lost her head --so it should have been  DHAD DHAD ..

But bad baaad Parashurama – bad baaad avatar of Vishnu – he made a basic mistake.

He brought back both to life, but placed the wrong head on ZE wrong body TEEE HEEEE !

( I am sure Dr Zakir Naik will now start telling this story ) 
  
Parashurama’s father Maharishi " bad " Jamadagni accepted the former as his wife Renuka  ( see he looked only below the waist TEE HEEE ) , while the latter remained to be worshiped by the lower castes as Yellamma, the mother God of all Devadasis .

Such a touching story.

I feel like crying now.

SNIFF !

BOOOO HOOOOOOOO !!!

Social reformer like BR Ambedkar and EVR Periyar , ( both dalits ) were in the thick of all this propaganda. This was their way of taking revenge on the Brahmins with support from Jew Rothschild.

BR Ambedkar got Rothschild to sponsor social reformer Vitthal Ramji Shinde ( 1873 – 1944), and he was sent to England in 1901, to study comparative religion at Manchester College, Oxford. 

Over time this good man realized that BR Ambedkar was using him, for a separatist movement and support to the white invader , in the garb of social reform.

He openly spoke against BR Ambedkar , who converted to Buddhism , and said DALITS ARE HINDUS and that he does NOT support separation of dalits from Hindusim.  

This paid put to the efforts of BR Ambedkar to do large scale conversions of Hindus to Buddhism.
The British left us in 1947 as the poorest and weakest country on this planet.

They robbed us blind using their stooges and in 250 years the richest country on this planet became the poorest.  

The British govt had entrusted their social reformer Vithal Ramji Shinde to conducted a census of Devdasis and also to write an essay on how the dalits were being oppressed as Devdasi prostitutes.

On one hand BR Ambedkar was crying hoarse how dalits are NOT being allowed inside Indian temples- and on the other hand, by strange inconsistency , he was crying hoarse how dalit temple devadasis were being oppressed.

TO BE OR NOT TO BE —TO OPPRESS OR NOT TO OPPRESS !

TEE HEEEEE !

Joshua Project 2 was  heavily involved in sustaining the Devadasi myth and have succeeded in converting many of the  Andhra dalit Hindus into Christianity during the CM tenure of YSR.
Why did the white Christian invader revive the Devadasi myth using their fake mutts and stooge acharyas?

The whole idea was to show temples in bad light. See, the Brahmins would NOT touch a dalit, yet the Brahmin priest in a temple would have sex with a dalit prostitute inside the sanctum sanctorum, in front of the deity.

To be frank, lot of Hindus became self loathing and it did NOT take too many sops to convert him to Christianity.   Prasadams of temple created revulsion and so did the holy theertham.  Probably you were given some dirty water used to clean the genitals of the priest and the prostitute, after the sexual intercourse.

Recently the BENAMI main stream media went around saying that the Kheer prasadam of Sant Rampal was made wih milk he took bath with.

This story has been on TOILET PAPER OF INDIA for more than a month now HOW TO CURE THE RAMPAL KHEER PHOBIA .

Aussie liar Gail Tredwell tried to screw Mata Amritanandamayi by saying she bites .  This was a way to tell her white devotees “ Don’t hug her—she might bite your ear off !”.  Mata Amritanadamayi has hugged more than 34 million devotees.

The white man created the FAKE Kalidasa .  He took pains to create FAKE works authored by Kalidasa.  He took even greater pains pains to praise the works of Kalidasa to the skies using his own media houses and historians.  He created the FAKE Radha, the mistress of Lord Krishna . He created FAKE reference to a Devadasi  prostitution system in Kalidasa's "Meghadhoot". 

 It did NOT matter to the white invader,  that NONE of our ancient scriptures talk about temple prostitution.

The white Christian invader created the first anti-Nautch and anti-dedication movement was launched in 1882. He creates the disease and now flaunts his vaccines .

The white ruler made sure that he drew his reform lobbyists and social workers from his own stooge communities, like Parsis, Mahars ( caste of BR Ambedkar ), Chitpavan Jews-nay—Brahmins , Tamil dalits ( EVR Periyar followers ) , Christian evangelists etc.  

They urged the abolition of all ceremonies and procedures by which girls dedicated themselves as Devadasis of Hindu shrines.  Yet their pimp agents would initiate, conduct ceremonies and draw attractive virgins and keep them for their own carnal pursuits in their own private whorehouses.   

I got lot of information from a 90 year old Brit ( nearly 35 years ago ) who told me that he was a 18 year soldier in India during the British Raj—and when I asked him if he was kidding, he told me juicy stories of Grant Road brothels in Mumbai meant only for the British soldiers.

Kamatipura was the OFFICIAL "comfort zone" for British troops, during British Raj-- created by the British and maintained by the British.  
  
He told me that there were white skinned prostitutes  for the higher ranking British administrators lodged in a street named Safed Gully (White Lane) .  This joint is now called  Cursetji Shuklaji Street.. 

He for himself preferred the Indian ones and some of them would do puja before they had sex.. He would frequent , Bachchuseth ki Wadi on Foras Road where there would be young classical dancers called Devadasis. 

There was another joint where only Anglo Indian girls ( mulatto half breeds ) traded their wares.
After the British left,the Mumbai underworld started controlling these sex dens.

The largest and best-known comfort brothels for British soldiers were  Sonagachi in Kolkata ( funded by Dwarakendranath tagore, the grandfather of Rabindranath Tagore ) , Kamathipura in Mumbai, G. B. Road in New Delhi,  Kashmiri Market in Agra, Silchar Assam , Budhwar Peth in Pune , Maduahdiah in Varanasi,  Naqqasa Bazaar in Saharanpur,  Chaturbhuj Sthan in Muzaffarpur,  Peddapuram and Gudivada in Andhra Pradesh,  Meerganj Allahabad Ganga Jamuna Nagpur, Kabadi bazar of Meerut etc.

Almost every hill station has brothels for the British administrators and they loyal Indian stooges.

To get virgins and pre puberty girls, the ruse of being wedded to Goddess Yellamma was created -- a cock and bull story, injected into various puranas by stooges of British . The British maintained their own pimp and informer network.

During the British rule the so called Devadasi prostitues or comfort women were hardly given any money other than some cheap food and care for veneral disease . 

It was brainwashed into these unfortunate girls by the stooge social reformer of Rothschild that as per ancient Hindu tradition and Purana scriptures , the devadasi is not supposed to charge for her services.

Since India became independent and the British soldiers left India, the underworld took over the whore houses.   They sustained the myth of Devadasis .   Devadasi system was a milch cow for everybody to milk, and that included the whores too.

How many of you know of a major loophole  that the devadasis cannot be brought under the purview of the  Suppression of Immoral Traffic (in women and girls) Amendment Bill 1986 ? 

Wearing a read and white bead necklace made a whore almost a protected species like the penquin. You see she is already oppressed and you can be charged for oppressing a dalit Devasasi more.

Why did the British create the myth of Devasis being married to Goddess Yellamma and how the god would be pleased when they have sex with men free of cost?  

Only to give their white skinned troops FREE SEX with young blushing girls in their teens. 

Hijras ( transversites ) were also accommodated in these brothels, as a big percentage of the white troops were homosexuals, who preferred perverse anal sex..
A system was created that eunuchs would visit all homes with new born babies and take away the child if the sexual organs were transgender.  

These unfortunate children used to be inducted into the brothels in their pre teens.

These are the same people who lecture to Indians about morality and child labour.

In some districts of Karnataka ( Vijapur district etc ) girls and eunuchs were married off to Lord Hanuman. They were taught to chant Hanuman Chalisa , ( written by the FAKE Tulsidas in Awadhi script)  in times of extreme anxiety and distress. 

I did NOT believe this till I saw an early episode of Bigg Boss.  When the  resident chakka , Bobby Darling was in great distress he /she went to the small puja space and started chanting Hanuman Chalisa.

Mughal Emperor Aurangazeb issued a public proclamations prohibiting singing and dancing by women in temples and at the same time ordered all the dancing girls to either marry or be banished from the kingdom. 

There was no temple prostitution in his time. 

The British created Devadasi system prostitution —so that their white soldiers do NOT have to pay for sex.  And good sex they had— in as much as they did NOT care for their wives back home in England.

Devasadis were married off to Lord Khandoba ( Vittala / Vithobha – Triple Sri’s god ) too.  
In Maharashtra, the poor deluded women promise to sacrifice their first-born daughters if  Khandoba will make them mothers of many children.  Then after the vow, the first-born  girl is offered to Khandoba and set apart for him by tying a necklace of seven cowries  around the little girl's neck.

When she becomes of marriageable age, she is formally  married to Khandoba or dagger of Khandoba and become his nominal wife.  Today Maharashtrians worship Lord Shiva in his Khandoba form.

Khandoba is the temple where Shirdi  Sai Baba halted on his entry into Shirdi with the wedding party of Chand Bhai Patil, and secondly as a place where he acquired his name.  Sai Baba though a muslim  would worship at Khandoba Temple on his way back from Rahata ( a village 4 km from Shirdi).

This lie was sustained by the Chitpavan Brahmins and Veera shivas  . . Khandoba temples on Rothschild’s fiat, compulsorily had Dalit priests

The initiation ritual included a “deflowering ceremony”, known as “uditambuvadu” in some parts, whereby the Fake  priests would have intercourse with every girl enrolled at his temple as part of his religious  perks.  

A Marathi saying, “Devdaasi devachi bayako, sarya gavachi” (“Servant of god, but wife of the whole town”). 
The youngest and the best among these unfortunate girls would land up in the COMFORT brothels in Mumbai for the British troops.

The worship of Khandoba ( a deviant of Lord Shiva ) developed during the British rule, but they back dated it to the  9th century.   Khandoba has many wives who are women from many communities, who serve as cultural links between the god and the communities ( sic !) .
  
The British did propaganda that Mogul Emperor Aurangzeb tried to abolish the Devdasi  tradition by demolishing the temple of God Khandoba at Jejuri in Maharashtra.   Sorry, he did NOT do that. Emperor Aurangzeb did NOT have COMFORT whorehouses for his troops.

Fearing that they immoral Devadasi scheme would be exposed , in 1934, the British Government of India enacted a Devdasi Prevention Act  and made it applicable first to the Bombay Province and later to Mysore state.   But the fact remains that this Act remained on paper . 

This is the true meaning of running with the hares and hunting with the hounds.

Fake customs were created by the British.

When the funeral of a devadasi took place it was compulsory to carry the bier to a suitable temple and place it at the entrance for a few minutes—to complete the God connection myth.  Pimps were detailed off to make sure this happened. After all the white soldiers must get free screws, from teenaged girls, right?—and that too FREE.
  
The bullsh#t has NOT stopped here.  

BLAH BLAH-- At death of devadasi no puja wille be conducted in the temple. Dead body will be as covered with silk and gold saree and burnt by fire-wood supplied from the temple. Devadasi  are cremated as sumangali (auspicious female) wearing tali ( mangalsutra ) . After cremation the temple was purified and the God was served a curry of bitter vegetables - BLAH BLAH FU#KIN’ BLAH
  
TEEE HEEEE !

Most of the foreign funded FREE schools for devadasi children were fertile grounds for picking off child prostitutes.

The white invader who accused the Hindu of racism was living in a glass house . He accused the high caste Hindu of refusing to drink water from the same cup as a low caste . 

Hey , did the white man ever drink from such a cup , to point a finger at others.  

Did the white man ever employ a low caste clerk ? 

Yes, they employed desh drohi dalits like BR Ambedkar as he sold out his Mahar community— the whole mahar community and Mahar regiment supported Britain in 1857 to crush the Indian war of Independence.

It was the white invader who spread the false propaganda using their Indian stooges that as per Hindu culture and ancient scriptures dalits and bahujans,  assemble there twice a year on Magha and Chaitra full moon days for pilgrimage and offer their daughters to make them Devadasis.

Sorry folks, you never expected an Internet age , right? You though Rothschild controlled media can hide anything and everything?

The dalit stooges of the white man and BR Ambedkar even took this lie to the Mumbai Mantralaya ( legislature ) .  You can see a Renuka  shrine ( goddess of Devadasis and FAKE and corrupted mother of Lord Parashurama ) installed there. 

This is how far this immoral attack on Hinduism has gone.
  
The white invader sustained the immoral myth that at the ancient temple of Renukaamba, built in 14th century,  at the top of Chandragutti hill in Shimoga district in Karnataka, the devadasi women must strip naked and do Nagna puja (Betale Seva ) i.e. naked worship. 

This was an opportunity for photo shoots for foreign magazines,  to show how depraved Hindusim is.

The white invader and his stooges created the bullsh#t legend that as per our ancient Puranas , if the young girls ( even before puberty )  go naked and pray to the goddess they will get good husbands .
This was a time for touts and pimps to inspect the wares. Photographs would be taken and whorehouse bidders would choose girls like in our IPL auction.
  
Can you believe this?

The NUDE worship went on merrily till 1992. Finally some Hindu organisations declared that such a nude worship is NOT sanctioned in any of our Hindu scriptures and it is NOT a Hindu tradition.

Still it took the CM of Karnataka a long time to appoint a committee to investigate whether "Nagna-puja" has any religious sanction of Hindu Sastras. 

The report was submitted in 1988 and states that there is no such sanction in Hinduism.  The Veerashaiva Lingayath politicians were against Hindusim. 

This ping pong battle went on for 4 long years .  In 1992 a ban was imposed on "Nagna-puja"— a foul practice started by the white invader came to a full stop .

I don’t want to say any more as Hindu blood will boil.   The image of the Goddess Renuka  ( the mother of Lord Vishnu avatar Lord Parashurama ) at Chandragutti  is not of her face but of her buttocks.  

A dalit leader sniped at such a lowly form of worship “How has Renukamba come so low, we do not know... If only they would worship Renuka’s face, and not her ass “. 

Anyway--  CM S Bangarappa banned the nude worship, which the Mumbai Kamathipura COMFORT brothel ( for British soldiers)  middle men pimps started.

The social reformer stooges of Rothschild were all in the business of condemning the devadasi system on paper – Opium drug runner and reformer Raja Ram Mohan Roy,   Chitpavan Jew-nay- brahmin Justice Mahadev Govind Ranade the founding member of INC,  Chitpavan Maharishi Karve etc etc

The devadasis belonging to the Hanuman God sect were branded with HOT IRON on the left arm, before Independence  – these are the ones who frequent Hanuman temples and recite Hanuman Chalisya.

They are considered to be immune from widowhood and were called “akhanda saubhagyavati”. 

While branding with a hot iron these words would be uttered.


Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 12, 2014 at 2:10 PM
SUBJECT : Times Group to set up Bennett University in Greater Noida .
########################

BEWARE OF FOREIGN FUNDED INDIAN UNIVERSITIES WHICH GIVE ADMISSION TO PEOPLE LIKE RAHUL GANDHI .

THEY CREATE DESH DROHI CULTURAL TERRORISTS IN THESE PORTALS .

WE KNOW THE JUDAS LOYALTIES OF JOURNALISTS , POLITICIANS , BUREAUCRATS AND JUDICIARY WHOSE UNDESERVING CHILDREN WERE GIVEN SCHOLARSHIPS IN US AND UK UNIVERSITIES LIKE COLUMBIA, CAMBRIDGE etc .

We know how the Commonwealth does NOT do anything other than giving University scholarships to leaders kin who PLAY BALL and SELL THEIR SOULS .

MODI MUST TELL OUR INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES TO MAKE A LIST OF INDIAN STUDENTS WHO WERE AWARDED SCHOLARSHIPS IN ROTHSCHILD OPIUM FOUNDED UNIVERSITIES LIKE COLUMBIA WITHOUT MERIT ..


punch into Google search -
. . .CULTURAL TERRORISM BY BENAMI MEDIA AND TROJAN HORSE NGOs VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 12, 2014 at 2:12 PM
PUT ABOVE COMMENT IN MODIs, SWAMYs, RAJNATH SINGHs, PARRIKARs, SMRITIs AND PRADADs WEBSITES

LGBT is a new slavery disguised as freedom.  Gay Pride Parades are a grotesque masquerade with paid perverts trying to show that great  romance and true love is involved in penile anal intercourse.

Love is now being substituted for base lust.

Uprooting family values and spiritual decay is the aim of the NWO.

Gays are being encouraged to identify with a "sexual orientation" and not a country, a culture ...

We can now see that Indian Muslims and Christians are more proud of foreign lands of Saudi Arabia, Italy, Portugal etc rather than India. Check out the contents of the evangelist TV channels.

The concept of desh bhakti towards the motherland is eroded.

There is deliberate destruction of natural landmarks and boundaries between Feminine and Masculine.

We can see celebrity males talking about doing Karva Chaut for their wives, making bed tea for them and washing their clothes, and boasting about it on prime time TV . In India the female world is more equal than a man’s word.

Thousands of years of peace and tranquility and respect is now a thing of the past in Indian homes.  TV channels like MTV show tomboy females abusing males in the most vulgar language.

The Illuminati promotion of 'all things gay' serves a much deeper and sinister role than most people suspect.

Weird looking and behaving gays are made to look as if they are the salt –nay-- bounty of this planet.

The foreign funds involved in India can be gauged by the fact that the National AIDS Control Organisation, Law Commission of India, Union Health Ministry, National Human Rights Commission of India and the Planning Commission of India] had expressed support for decriminalizing homosexuality in India, during the rule of the waitress.

Today we can see that almost all LGBT activism is a puppet of Jewish Zionist lobbies and Freemasons. 

If you can be a LGBT activist with few supporters there is plenty of money to be made.

Rothschild Communists like atheist Brinda Karat are supporting gays if if her life depends on it.

All this is actually a covert and immoral war against civilization. Religion is a natural obstacle to a New World Order.

The flood of Internet pornography stuns the masses, makes them bring out base  animal passions and thus more malleable.

Even dark dark sexuality like sadomasochism, is  honored as an expression of love.

If a celebrity or a corporate boss criticizes homosexuality, big brother tries his best to ensure that his career is over.

Organised underworld crime mafia is involved in the GAY MOVEMENTS.  Organized Crime supplies drugs, pornography and young male prostitutes ( hijras  ) in Indian university towns.

Big brother funded NGO agencies are trained to induce total control over every aspect of human life — education, economics and finances, religion, entertainment, transportation, medicine, the arts, national defense, politics, medicine, science and technology, sports, law enforcement, agriculture and farming, and ultimately, who shall live and who shall die.

The two natural enemies of totalitarianism of any stripe — the family and religion needs to be broken wiped out.

This is why you see GENDER DIVIDE in India today. Women are tempted to divorce so that they can grab the ancestral property of man.

The NWO stooges are foreign funded to undermine both marriage and family, as well as the natural law and traditional morality. The goal of the NWO is to create a generation of polymorphous perverts — narcissistic, isolated and rootless individuals who, being enslaved by their own unnatural passions, will not present any serious opposition to their new slave masters.

Homosexuals are notoriously unstable and unreliable. 

So, having served their purpose, when the time comes, rank-and-file homosexuals will be systematically eliminated as enemies of the state.  Elite "gays" within the NWO will be allowed to remain and ofcourse all Jews and Zionists .

In literary fests they have been quoting Rig Veda to promote homosexuality  . Rigveda, has a POISON INJECTED VERSE by the white invader Vikriti Evam Prakriti (Sanskrit: विकृतिः एवम् प्रकृतिः, meaning what seems unnatural is also natural).

 In September 2006, Nobel Laureate Amartya Sen, with a Rothschild wife whipped  up support and publicly demanded the repeal of section 377 of the IPC.     The open letter demanded that "In the name of humanity and of our Constitution, this cruel and discriminatory law should be struck down.  

R stooge and Indian Labour Minister Oscar Fernandes backed calls for decriminalisation of consensual gay sex.

R controlled United Nations has urged India to decriminalize homosexuality by saying it would help the fight against HIV/AIDS by allowing intervention programmes, like the ones in sexual disease ridden Brazil.

R controlled United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) on HIV/AIDS, has given bullsh#t statistics/ percentages and stated that countries which protect men who have sex with men (MSM) have double the rate of coverage of HIV prevention services as much as 60%.   
Oh yeah ?   

According too UN removal of discriminatory laws, gays who engage in anal sex  would have better access to prevention facilities like condoms.  

Oh fu#kin’ yeah ?

The Indian judiciary has been covertly supporting gay movements . On 4 July 2008, the Delhi High Court noted that there was "nothing unusual" in holding a gay rally, something which is common outside India. So of there is filth in the West, do we need to import it in India? We know which all Indian judges children got scholarships to R opium founded foreign universities.

Naz Foundation (India) Trust an NGO founded by Anjali Gopalan has been pushing homosexuality in India.  Naz  NGO has major funding from Zionist companies like  Standard Chartered Bank , Jew  Levi Strauss Foundation etc.   

Aruna roy,   along with Aanjali Gopalan is an early and vehement gay rights and gay marriage supporter.  Can you believe that in 2005, Anjali Gopalan was short listed for the Nobel Peace Prize.

So what is she did NOT get it.

Anjali Gopalan secured R controlled-- France’s highest civilian distinction, the Legion of Honour (Chevalier dans l’Ordre de la Legion d’Honneur). and she also found a place in Time’s “100 Most Influential People in the World List”.

Homosexuality is against Indian culture, against nature and against science. We are regressing, going back to when we were almost like animals.

ALL ENTERTAINERS WHO MAKE THE HAND SIGN SHOWN BELOW ARE SPONSORED BY THE R CONTROLLED ILLUMINATI -- A SIGN OF ALLEGIANCE OR THEY WILL BE TRASHED !

IF ANY INDIAN CELEBRITY MAKES THIS MASONIC TRIANGLE  SIGN- LET ME KNOW .




 http://www.collective-evolution.com/2014/11/18/im-sick-and-tired-of-the-secrets-and-the-lies-jim-carrey-calls-out-illuminati-secrets-on-national-television/




ABOVE:  THESE CELEBRITIES ARE SPONSORED BY THE R MEDIA.    I SAW CHELSEA SOCCER COACH  MOURINHO MAKE IT LAST WEEK .

##########################


Naveen PeriasamyDecember 13, 2014 at 4:46 AM
Dear Captain,
Is it true that Karna conquered Kerela during the process of gaining his 4 digvijayas ? What are Digvijayas and what is the pretext of this story ?

Thanks,
Naveen



Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 13, 2014 at 11:27 AM
hi np,

never mind what the FAKE tamil texts ( written and back dates by the fake Kanchi mutt ) says.

in ancient days Kerala was knows as the Chera kingdom ( ramayana / mahabharata ) or Kerala putra kingdom ( chanakya / mauryas ) or Celobotra with sea port Muziris ( called by egyptians/greeks ) .

IN THE MAHABHARATA WAR KERALA SIDED WITH PANDAVAS . 

ashwamedha was done twice in kerala-- once by asura king mahabalu which caused Vishnuavatar Vamana to kill him on request of the devas.

the second time ashwamedham was done by vishnu avatar parashurama after he usurped all lands and donated it to namboodiris .

digviyay conquests ( all 4 directions ) by karna was done to made vassal kingdoms to support duryodhana prior to the kurukshetra war. this shows that karna could NOT conquer chera kingdom, which was VERY powerful .

Cheras screwed the combined armies of Pandyas and Cholas every time they fought . Pandyas and cholas were parts of tamil nadu, part of karnataka and part of andhra. Cheras were whole of kerala and part of Tamil Nadu and were very wealthy as they had enormous amounts of gold by spice trade, selling knowledge for gold, architects/ ayurvedic surgeons for egypt. 

The current Palani temple ( Murugan ) was built by powerful chera king Cheraman Perumal . 

The Yazidis worshipped at the ancient Palani temple - it was a pilgrimage spot like Mecca for them .

Karna made the following kingdoms vassals of Hastinapur ( of King Duryodhana )--- Kalingas, Kambojas, Shakas, the Kekayas, Vatsas, Avantyas, Gandharas, Madarakas, Trigartas, Tanganas, Rishikas, Panchalas, Videhas, Suhmas, Angas, Vangas, Nishadas, Ashmakas, and several tribal kingdom.

This was in gratitude for Duryodhana finding a wife Princess Chitragandha for him to marry , by making him Karna King of Anga kingdom. In her swayamvar Draupadi rejected Karna .

In ancient Swayamvars it did NOT mean that the bride would be forced to marry anybody - it was her FREE WILL and Draupadi used her choice to marry Arjun who passed a test .

DIGVIJAY was subjugation of kingdoms and making them vassal kingdoms by force .

ASHWAMEDHAM yagna allowed these vassal kingdoms a FREE CHOICE if they wanted to align with their king of kings ( emperor ) . Once the VOTE OF CONFIDENCE was passed by the white horse of the emperor travelling though their kingdoms without being captured or killed - there would be lasting peace . Ancinet India was glorious , the white invader made the Ashwamedha as horse sacrifice with --
 THE QUEEN OF THE KINGDOM SHOVING THE DEAD HORSES PRICK INTO HER VAGINA LIKE A DILDO .
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/09/ashwamedha-yagam-bloodless-sacrifice.html

IT IS PAYBACK TIME NOW -- 

THIS BLOGSITE USING THE INTERNET HAS CRUSHED THE PEER REVIEWED BULLSH#T HISTORY , COOKED UP BY CULTURAL TERRORIST R's STOOGE HISTORIANS .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


############################################ 


The immoral white historian tried to make Lord Ayyappa a recent phenomenon by cooking up FAKE conversations between Lord Ayyappa and a Muslim saint Vavar.   

Failing to score , they pushed back Lord Ayyappa by many millenniums  to Samudra Manthan era where Shiva and Vishnu did homosexual anal sex to produce Lord Ayyappa.  

TRIPLE SRI came on TV and supported this FOUL white man’s story , stating that Ayyappa is HARIHARA SUDAN –or product of Shiva and Vishnu’s sexual union.

Sorry HARIHARA SUDAN means a Vishnu avatar or GOD  is loved by both Shiva devotees too.  As you can see that this Vishnu avatar’s pilgrimage spot is visited by millions of Shiva devotees today .  

Lord Ayyappa is the 9th avatar of Lord Vishnu. The immoral cultural terrorist R deleted Ayyappa and inserted a mortal Buddha by retro installation of FAKE sculptures and FAKE paintings using their FAKE mutts .

Buddha was born of Gautama gotra , a mere mortal , who struggled for salvation. Vishnu avatars are gods who do NOT need  SAL  FU#KIN’  VATION.


##########################








Naveen PeriasamyDecember 13, 2014 at 8:17 AM
Dear Captain,
Was Deva putras like Bhishma and Arjuna in the same league as avatars ? How was Bhishma able to defeat his Guru Parashurama ?

Capt. Ajit VadakayilDecember 13, 2014 at 11:42 AM
hi np,

parahurama was a GOD - an avatar of vishnu.

he could kill bhishma any time he wanted- but he held back as it was his own fault that he asked his best friend ( a confirmed bachelor ) to marry Amba.

Unknown to all, this fight between two best friends who respected each other , with beautiful wanna be bride Amba watching, triggered off the worlds largest SABARIMALA pilgrimage .

Makara Jyothi is the divine Vedic homam fire given by Indra via sage Narada to sage Parashurama. It was into the same continuous fire on the banks of river Saraswati, that beautiful Amba had jumped in self immolation.

After fighting for many days Parashurama cooled down and stopped fighting , causing Amba , who was left in the lurch, to jump into the blazing hot camphor fire.  (Bhishma defeating Parashurama is poison injected by the white invader using his FAKE mutts) .  This is the light which millions of pilgrims visit Sabari hills to witness on Makara Sanktranti day.
Parashurama brought this fire to Kerala .

Makara Sankranti is celebrated on 14th Jan of every year . This means Makara Sankranti has been celebrated in Kerala since the past 6000 years.

It is on this day 6000 years ago that the great Bheeshma of Mahabharata decides to leave his body behind on a bed of arrows and ascend to heaven, in the presence of Lord Krishna and Arjun--exactly as per the Iccha Mrityu ( death at will ) boon given by his father.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/sabarimala-makara-vilakku-makara.html

Makara Sankranti is to honour and worship the river Saraswati -- or the Hindu goddess of learning.

capt ajit vadakayil
..


############################## 


India has lost all her rivers , lakes and ground water high levels due to CULTURAL TERRORISM .  

Dams were built indiscriminately over rivers using R controlled world bank and IMF funds . Not one of these dams had desilting facilities. 

Indian were encourages to switch from organic agriculture to chemical fertilizer / GM crops with sterile-terminator  seeds farming by the R sponsored GREEN REVOLUTION . 

Same was a neat switch was made using R sponsored WHITE REVOLUTION where our vedic HUMPED cows giving nutritious A2 milk was substituted by western HUMPLESS cows giving abundant but toxic A1 milk.  

Our BENAMI Indian front media keeps praising the FATHERS ( desh drohis really ) of these GREEN and WHITE revolutions .

Our lakes which gave us abundant water are now all dead. Our rivers are stinking cesspools of toxic stagnant water spreading disease for the EVIL PHARMA .  

Our ground water levels are so low ( and bad quality ) that it cannot be extracted economically.

##############################
Ram
December 13, 2014 at 9:42 AM

Respected Sir,
Do you know who built the dam on musi river? There are tales that some prince built that dam to meet his lover. How true is that?
####################

Hi r,

Forget about the prince and his tet e tete lover . 

What I write below is more important .

Our lakes which gave us abundant water are now all dead. 

Our rivers are stinking cesspools of toxic stagnant water. Our ground water levels are so low ( and bad quality ) that it cannot be extracted economically.

Musi River is the tributary of River Krishna located Andhra Pradesh .   This river divides the historic old city with the new city.

Himayat Sagar and Osman Sagar are dams built on it which used to act as source of water for Hyderabad.  

Both dams do NOT have desilting facilities. 

All are pretending to sleep. 

The builder of the Osman Sagar dam the GREAT Visveswaraya did NOT have the fu#kin’ brains, to figure this out ?

In June 2003, people of Hyderabad shat in their pants and panties ( as the case may be ) when  the Osman Sagar lake dried since it was built in 1920 by Visveswaraya . 

All they saw was silt silt silt everywhere and people walked all over the lake like Moses and his motley bunch ..

http://blogs.wsj.com/indiarealtime/2012/05/28/water-shortage-looms-over-indias-farmlands/


Musi River originates in Anantgiri Hills. It has a total length of 250 kms and it passes through Hyderabad & Secunderabad twin city too.

Musi river is full of sh#t and debris and toxic waste from Hyderabad and Secunderabad .

This is what happens where there is NO waterflow to clear the debris .  Dams slows the water flow and reduces its quantity.

Osman Sagar lake is more than 46 km², and the reservoir is around 29 km².

Since both the Hyderabad and Secunderabad cities were built by pea brained CHOOTS it is on rocky terrain, the potential for using groundwater is limited.  As a result, the cities are dependent on surface water. 

Musi, which receives overflows from both Himayat Sagar and Osman Sagar, is no  longer a water source owing to heavy   pollution.  

In fact, River Musi, which once recharged aquifers, hundreds of kilometers away from its banks is now contaminated the water table which handpumps draw water.

The water from Lake Hussain Sagar is now used for horticultural purposes after treatment—and of course for bullsh#t  sight seeing .

R controlled IMF is singing their way to their banks .

They lend millions to tap drinking water from River Krishna, which flows about  150 kilometres from the city.

The ground water and aquifers are now full of Nitrates, Flourides , heavy metals and toxic contaminants.

The World bank refuses to lend money unless water prices be raised to make the scheme viable. This would hit the poorer and deprived children of Bharatmata .

As per the old records, there were as many as 532 lakes in Hyderabad .

They are all gone gonay gone !

Examples?
Mir Jumla Tank Converted to slum

Maasaabcheruvu and Ramathpuracheruvu Converted to an affluent colony

Yusufguda and Batakammakunta Garbage dumping grounds

Sahebnagar cheruvuv in Hayathnagar Mandal  is occupied by influential politicians and layouts
for HUDA

Gopicheruvu at Gacchi Bowli near old Bombay road converted to town ship by Dyon company

Kanchanbagcheruvu filled up and a hospital has come up.

MAJJA HAI !

The people of Seemandhra might as well read these posts below—for Telengana Commies will do water wars .  

Read it for your own survival .   

Narendra Modi has chosen a pea brained saffron clad woman Uma Bharti to head his water ministry and she wants to kill Bharatmata by interlinking Indian rivers . The information below is complete and comprehensive .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/03/vanishing-lakes-rain-water-harvesting.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/06/ganga-manthan-cleaning-of-river-ganges.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/05/interlinking-rivers-of-india-capt-ajit.html

People who are interested in knowing what the WHITE REVOLUTION by Verghese Kurian a Kerala Syrian Jew- nay Christian from my hometown Calicut did to India, read the post below. 

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/nutritious-a1-milk-of-vedic-cows-with.html

Modi is still in raptures about his GUJJU Amul and his GUJJU milk marketing federation which churns out A1 toxic milk of HUMPLESS western cows.   

Modi must remember that he is now PM of India and NOT the CM of Gujarat.

So much for Zionist WHITE and GREEN revolutions.  

Putin knows what the Zionist RED revolution did to his country .



I want all Indian women to know this.  Women’s Lib claims that the achievement of total liberation would transform the lives of all women for the better is all  bullsh#t.   

It can transform the life of immoral lesbians and “sour grapes”  women who are unable to have children as their wombs are polluted.  Mostly by too much sex in preteen years and debauchery like anal to vaginal sex switch in a session.

R Commie Germaine fu#kin Greer can shove all her books, where she wants BRAVEHEART women to EMPOWER and LIBERATE themselves, define their own values, order their own priorities and determine their own fates.  In India we call such women LOSERS.

The Commonwealth sponsored this creep and gave her a Commonwealth Scholarship, which she used to fund her doctorate at the University of Cambridge. Her marriage lasted just 3 weeks and she has NO children. Who wants to listen to such a misanthrope who has a cobwebbed playpen between her legs , not a nursery ?

Lesbians were and always have been at the heart of the women's liberation movement, while their issues were invisible . We are not CHOOTS to agree that Lesbianism is out of choice. When fat and ugly women get NO make partner they usually embrace lesbianism . 

Like a bird in hard is worth two in the bush--  translates to a female tongue in her stinking bush and the paper swiped ( no water used ) orifice on the other side of the scrotum –OOPS—apologies to Sidney Sheldon .


Cultural terrorist sponsored lesbian feminism tom toms that lesbianism as a form of resistance to "man-made" institutions ( so , what else in new ) .   Sexual orientation is posited here as a choice, or at least a conscious response to a situation.

In the summer of 1971, a lesbian group calling themselves "The Furies" formed a commune open to lesbians only, where they put out a Zionist ponsored monthly newspaper.   "The Furies" consisted of twelve women, aged eighteen to twenty-eight, all feminists, all lesbians, all white, with three children among them.  

They shared chores and clothes, lived together, held some of their money in common, and slept on mattresses on a common floor while sucking on each other .They also started a school to teach women auto and home repair so they would not be dependent on men.

The newspaper lasted less than a year and the decadent  commune itself ended in 13 months.  These man hating butch dykes had dreams of starting a world wide revolution—it just went PHUT !


Big Brother has made sure divorces are lethal for men .  They have provided alternatives like video games, sport , drugs , alcohol and porn.  Their goal is to re-engineer society and this involves destroying the  family identity.

People think they'll be loved just for whom they are. That's really sexual attraction. It doesn't last.


Lasting love involves mutual dependence.  Women can either have family love or be EMPOWERED BRAVEHEATS.  She cant have both .   Feminism is just brainwashing ny the NWO.  Instinctively women want to belong to a man. She wants marriage and children and love at home .

Always go for womenwho are  still in touch with femininity.  Go for the girl who can blush rather than ice beauties. And make sure you are worthy of her sacrifice and trust. 

Ever heard of German Jew and R blood Karl Marx’s best friend?  His name was Friedrich Engels , a crypto German Jew  who in 1848 he co-authored The Communist Manifesto with Karl Marx,
Marxist feminism's foundation is laid by Friedrich Engels in his analysis of gender oppression in The Origin of the Family, Private Property, and the State (1884).  

He argues that a woman's subordination is not a result of her biological disposition but of social relations, and that men's efforts to achieve their demands for control of women's labor and sexual faculties have gradually solidified and become institutionalized in the nuclear family.

Through a R commie  historical perspective, Engels analyzes the widespread social phenomena associated with female sexual morality, such as fixation on virginity and sexual purity, incrimination and violent punishment of women who commit adultery, and demands that women be submissive to their husbands.

Ultimately, Engels traces these phenomena to the recent development of exclusive control of private property by the patriarchs of the rising slaveowner class in the ancient mode of production, and the attendant desire to ensure that their inheritance is passed only to their own offspring: chastity and fidelity are rewarded, says Engels, because they guarantee exclusive access to the sexual and reproductive faculty of women possessed by men from the property-owning class. 

BAAP RE !

#########################
SUBJECT : Bollywood actresses getting bolder with orgasm scenes .
###############

BENE ISRAEL JEWESS LEELA SAMSON , CHAIRPERSON OF THE CENSOR BOARD MUST BE SENT BACK TO ISRAEL .

THIS WOMAN HAS ALLOWED HOMOSEXUAL DEBAUCHERY AND PERVERSION ON INDIAN SILVER SCREEN .

VERY SOON SHE WILL BE CHAKKI PEESING IN JAIL .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
##########################

Below:  Narendra Modi must know that Canadian PM Stephen Harper , (whose boorish behavior at G20 summit at Brisbane towards Putin )   kick started a new cold war-- is a R stooge and a Zionist agent -- who has sold Canada .   Modi must know that Indians do NOT want Bharatmata to fall prey to Zionists.  Let Sushma Swaraj know this when she visits Israel in Jan 2014 - NO excessive coochie cooo is allowed - we Indians will NOT allow it !!. 




Below: We Indians will NEVER allow our PM Narendra Modi become another R othschild  as$ kisser,  like Canadian PM Stephen Harper.  

Here this pathetic crypto Jew singing HEY JUDE  (  Jude is Jew in German and it is obvious this song serenades German Jew Big Brother )



 "There is no Polish culture without Jewish culture." - Donald Tusk ( Polish PM and EU Israeli lobbyist) who also sang Hey Jude .

Every body knows JUDE is R  - but nobody dares to put the finger on it.

At the G20 summit in Brisbane Putin  approached Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper for a handshake , and Canadian PM Stephen Harper rudely told him    “I guess I’ll shake your hand but I have only one thing to say to you: you need to get out of Ukraine,”

Bonus song: Hey Jude by Beatles.




“You have a real friend in Europe and it is important that both countries will strengthen each other’s image.”  - Prime Minister Tusk at a joint press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, 23 February 2011

There are rewards , for Donald Tusk’s was put on the European Council President chair . 

In 2009 Polish government was opposed to the adoption by the UN General Assembly of the United Nations Fact-Finding Mission report on human rights violations during the war in Gaza, the so-called Goldstone report.  Poland voted against the UN General Assembly Resolution on the Goldstone report on war crimes committed during Israel’s attack on Gaza, and along with five other European countries. 

The Polish government sponsored the twinning of twenty Israeli and Polish towns and cities over the years 2008 to 2009, building on 15 already twinned.

I do hope Sushma Swaraj does NOT come back from Israel SKIPETTY SKIP announcing twinning of Indian cities with Israel.  

And why is the BJP govt so keen in asking Israel to clean up our mighty Ganges river.   How many pissfart rivers does Israel have ?


SUBJECT :  US: India-Russia deals won’t affect Obama’s R-day plan  .
#######################################

THE BENAMI INDIAN FRONT MEDIA HAS GONE INTO EMBEDDED PR0STITUTE REPORTER MODE  .

THE ZIONIST SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES HAVE BEEN TOLD BY THEIR INTERNATIONAL BANKSTER MASTER TO WRECK BRICS     .

OUR MAIN STREAM MEDIA WILL SING THE PRAISES OF HOW GREAT A TEAM INDIA/ CHINA/ USA WILL BE , WITH ISRAEL THROWN IN FOR GOOD MEASURE  .

WE INDIANS KNOW THE ROLE OF ISRAEL AND USA DURING THE EMERGENCY IN 1975,  THE OPPOSITION POLITICAL LEADERS AND THE MEDIA BARON ( FROM THE R0THSCHILD OPIUM DRUG RUNNING AGENT FAMILY ) ,  WHO WERE ON THE CIA/ MOSSAD PAYROLL TO CREATE SUBVERSION IN INDIA FOR REGIME CHANGE  .

capt ajit vadakayil

..
###################

SUBJECT :  Migration new mantra for Indian priests  .
###########################

THERE ARE NO WESTERN MEDICINES FOR JEALOUSY, GREED, DESPAIR, HATE etc  .  .

SPIRITUALITY IS THE ONLY SOLUTION - AND ONLY HINDUISM OFFERS THIS  .

REST OF THE SINGLE MESSIAH , SINGLE BOOK RELIGIONS DO NOT OFFER SPIRITUALITY   .

SANSKRIT MANTRAS REPAIR THE DNA    .

MANTRAS DO NOT WORK IN ANY OTHER LANGUAGE , AS THEY ARE NOT DIVINE LANGUAGES WHICH EMANATED FROM ANCIENT SEERS    .

Our DNA can be read or rewritten as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code. homosexuality and depravity can be cures and prevented     .

A divine language originates from the DNA blueprint.  It will be polite, have perfect morphology, no meanings by connotations, will be unambiguous , will NOT have spellings, syntax , proper nouns and silent letters -- and will have vibrations for DNA repair by spoken word mantras   .  

OM the Hindu king mantra , the sound body of consciousness and sound of light as per ancient Vedas , resonates with planet earth at 7.83 Hz and has been lifted by Schumann   .


A soliton wave which travel back and forth along the DNA helix is an ultra stable information carrying quantum wave which exhibits wave particle duality- like how a laser reads the DVD  .

India has the least percentage of homosexuals on this planet -as we used fresh turmeric in our curry - a quantum medicine by the name of circumin to reprogram our demented DNA.   Alzheimers is virtually unknown here, where 1 out of 5 human beings on the planet reside  .

SANSKRIT MANTRAS REPAIR THE DYING Y CHROMOSOME    .

The NWO stooges are tom tomming that Mantras need NOT be in Sanskrit--these are agents of desh drohi big brother   .

Mantra is the sound body of consciousness.Diviners use OM resonance to find water in arid areas. The spiritual efficacy of OM is NOT on the gross sound, but on the subtle sound which is heard by the heart and uttered by the mind. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is  represented by OM  . 

When 2 vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in the amplitude of the waves take place.Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer. The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an antigravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water  .

punch into Google search -
.  .  .  .BEEJ MANTRA , ANUSWARAM NASAL SOUND , PRIMORDIAL LONGITUDINAL WAVE SOUND FREQUENCY VADAKAYIL.  .  .

capt ajit vadakayil

..

############################ 

SUBJECT :  German abducted, assaulted in Goa's Agonda  .
#########################

MOST OF THESE WHITE TOURISTS ARE DRUG ADDICTS AND ARE VERY ABUSIVE    .

JUST BECAUSE A WHITE WOMAN COMPLAINED, LET US NOT GET CARRIED AWAY    .

THE BENAMI IDNIAN FRONT MEDIA ARE TOOLS OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER  .

THEIR AGENDA IS TO CREATE GENDER TILTED LAWS , SO THAT TERRORIST WOMEN CAN COUNTER AFSPA    . BIG BROTHER  TRIED TO SCUTTLE MODI USING SNOOPGATE CALLING HIM A EVIL STALKER  ..

THESE NAXAL AND NE WOMEN ARE TRAINED TO SH0VE STICKS AND STONES INTO THEIR VAG#NAS AND CRY RAPE  .

FAKE RAPE VICTIMS AND EMPOWERED BRAVEHEARTS LIKE THE ROHTAK M#DGET SISTERS WANT KHAPS TO BE ABOLISHED  .

KHAPS GIVE FREE / FAIR / INSTANT JUSTICE  .

punch into Google search   -
.  .   .  . JEWISH RUSSIAN MAFIA VADAKAYIL  .  .   .

WAKE UP INDIANS !

benami media darling,  kailash satyarthi was given nobel prize for killing the ULTRA SKLLED family based cottage industries which came down thousand of years  . 

WHAT TYPE OF GOVT DO WE HAVE -- WHO PROVIDES NO PROTECTION TO BHARATMATAs  CHILDREN ?

capt ajit vadakayil
..

############################

EVERY POLL CONDUCTED BY THE INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS FAKE !


SUBJECT :  Indian men like four-play on their honeymoons: Survey. 70% of men prefer to be accompanied by another couple on their honeymoon. 

##################################

TOILET PAPER OF INDIA AND THEIR FAKE SURVEYS  ..

OUR INDIAN MAIN STREAM MEDIA IS BENAMI,  JUDAS  AND PEOPLE KNOW IT TOO .

EVERY TIME MAIN STREAM MEDIA TAKES ON SOCIAL MEDIA THEY GET AS$ WHIPPED !

THEY STILL DO NOT LEARN --- RETARDS OF THE FIRST ORDER .

ANYTHING WORSE THAN READING A RETARDs WORK  , IS READING A DESH DROHI RETARDs BULL   .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


STOP PRESS:

The embalmed body of  Portuguese Inquisitionist Francis Xavier is to be displayed from 22 November to 4 January 2015 to celebrate 500 years since the arrival of the Portuguese and Catholicism in Goa.

This body does NOT belong to a white man—it is a Sri Lankan monk. DNA tests can prove it  .

WHAT IS THE USE OF HAVING NARENDRA MODI AS OUR PM , IF HE CONTINUES TO PLAY BALL ?

Vasco Da Gama arrived at Calicut in 1498 AD – Calicut is my hometown .

On May 6th 1542, St Francis Xavier of the Jesuit order of Ignatius Loyola , at the young age of 36,  landed at Goa, after a 13 month ardous voyage round the Cape of Good Hope-- under orders of King of Portugal Joao III and the Pope.

He then formally ordered the Portugese Inquisition fo Goa , which ran from 1516 to 1812. The rest of Europe had terminated the Inquisition in 1774. It stopped in 1812 due to British intervention.

THE CATHOLIC INQUISITORS LEARNT HOW TO TORTURE HUMAN BEINGS IN INDIA , FOR THEY TORTURED AND KILLED MORE THAN 20000 GOAN HINDUS  .

This mass murderer and EVIL man Francis Xavier was beatified by Paul V on 25 October 1619, and was canonized by Gregory XV on 12 March 1622.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/portuguese-inquisition-in-goa-and.html

LET THEM CELEBRATE THIS FAKE CADAVER IN VATICAN .

WHY DO IT IN INDIA, TELLLIES AND CONVERT PEOPLE—LIKE WHAT HAPPENED LAST TIME  ? 

The last exposition was held in 2004 from 21 November 2004, till 2 January 2005. It was the 16th exposition to be held in succession

I WANT THIS COMMENT TO BE PUT INMODIs, SWAMYs, RAJNATH SINGHs, AMIT SHAHs, PARRIKAARs AND SMRITI s WEBSITES.

FLOOD THE INTERNET FACEBOOK , TWITTER etc.

Inform RSS and VHP.

I AM WATCHING !

Capt ajit vadakayil
..




EVER HEARD OF CLIMATE AND CULTURAL TERRORISM?

At Lima the delegates were deliberately made tires and exhausted into concluding a deal  .  They even turned up the AC temperature to made the delegates wrap up fast .

Under the Lima deal,  governments will submit national plans for reining in greenhouse gas emissions by an informal deadline of March 31st 2015 to form the basis of a global agreement due at a summit in Paris in a year’s time.

Delegates from around the globe reached a climate change agreement , that would, for the first time in history, commit every nation to reducing its rate of greenhouse gas emission

In a SUSPICIOUS deal with the United States last month, China agreed to cap its emissions by around 2030.

Not many people know that the emissions like SO2 from coal plants in China travels across the vast pacific in just  3 days and rains on California with acid.  Well China needs to scrub the SO2 from her chimnet exhausts.

The Lima text lays out a vast range of options for the Paris accord, including the possibility of aiming for zero net global emissions by 2100 or earlier in a drastic shift from fossil fuels towards renewable energies such as wind and solar power.

What type of power can you extract out of wind turbine and solar power ? You expect poor nations to run their industries with this. And of course millionaire  Al Gore will be selling these green options .

US secretary of state and Bilderberger John Kerry on Friday appealed to the countries at Lima UN climate talks to jointly share the burden of combating climate change and draft their energy policies around renewable sources.

He urged big greenhouse gas emitters to follow the examples of China and the US, saying the two "leaders of opposing camps" in the climate talks have come to an agreement, which should send a message to other countries that the "roadblocks" to a Paris 2015 agreement can be removed.

Oh yes  ,we just talked about China , California,  and a balloon –and a under the table deal .

After the landmark deal between China and the United States, there were high hopes that the Lima conference would create momentum leading into next year's Paris conference where a new global agreement is hoped to be reached.

TOUGH  LUCK !

The deal – known as the "Lima call for climate action" – came after a day of deep divisions between developed countries on one side and and India and African countries on the other side ..

Importantly, under the deal, India and the world's poorest countries succeeded in reintroducing words emphasizing the distinction between developing and developed nations that the United States, supported by Modi’s HUG PARTNER Abbot of Australia, had fought to exclude.

 Under the agreement, the incorporation of a blueprint for the Paris agreement that was agreed earlier in the week was taken out and a reference to developed countries paying poor nations for "loss and damage" caused by climate change was also included-- despite strong opposition from Australia and the US.

To hell with USA, R othschild and Australia  .They think they own these small, underdeveloped , poor countries.  Puti and Modi must takes leadership of these poor nations . In the 2009 Copenhagen meeting USA took poor nations for granted.

At the heart of the dispute was the SLIMY AND SECRETIVE removal of any reference in the draft decision to the concept of "differentiated responsibilities" of developing and developed nations that has been in the convention since 1992.

This removal of the concept of differentiation was tantamount to "annihilation" of the UN convention—when we live in a world of deep inequalities.  Only a handful of nations can be nuclear, right Differentiation is not a reference belonging to the past.

Developed countries led by USA  want the pledges to focus on emissions cuts, while developing nations under india want to see commitments of financial support.

The UN weather agency said last week that 2014 could become the hottest year on record, which is a shipload of BULL. They predict that ocean levels would rise to swallow whole coastal areas. 

However, recent large snow storms in the northern hemisphere have chilled their argument.  Record setting cold and snow, not global warming, became the norm in November 2014. Four Thousand eight hundred fifty six locations in the U.S. set daily record low-high temperatures in November and another 4,121 saw record lows at least one day in November 2014 

TEE HEEEE !

Climate alarmists at Lima proposed to limit the amount of CO2 that each person emits as a way to abruptly curb how much CO2 each nation is allowed to release into the atmosphere. All this when man made CO2 has NOTHING to do with global warmnig.

The Zionists control the money , fuel and the food . Now they want to control the air wand water.
The  Final Lima Draft has paved the way for a Paris Agreement to be arrived next year on the basis of principles of equity and differentiated responsibility.

Prakash Javadekar has resisted calls to commit to net reductions of its soaring carbon pollution, insisting that it should not be required to cut its use of cheap coal-fired power while millions of impoverished Indians live without electricity.

THERE IS NO WAY INDIA WILL BE FORCED TO MOTH BALL HER ABUNDANT RESERVES OF COAL . 

WE WILL CONTINUE GENERATING ENERGY FROM COAL. WE WILL OF COURSE IN DUE COURSE DEVELOP THE TECHNOLOGY TO SCRUB THE EXHAUST PIPE OF SUCH COAL PLANTS OFF CO2 AND SO2 AND SOX /NOX –WHATEVER ON OUR OWN TERMS AND TIME TABLE.

The Lima deal is based on a voluntary basis which allows nations to set their own voluntary CO2 targets and policies without any legally binding caps or international oversight.

In contrast to the Kyoto Protocol, the Lima deal opens the way for a new climate agreement in 2015 which will remove LEGAL AND ARM TWISTING obligations for governments to cap or reduce CO2 emissions. 

A voluntary agreement would also remove the mad rush into unrealistic decarbonisation policies that are both economically and politically unsustainable— so that Zionists must now wait before they can sing all the way to the bank .

Reducing man-made CO2 emissions will NOT save the planet .

Carbon dioxide is NOT a pollutant.   This must be spelt out by India at Paris next year .

CO2 is a naturally occurring trace gas essential to life on earth.  Reducing CO2 emission  doesn’t fix holes in the ozone layer.  

To accuse one of being unconcerned about the environment simply because they reject the Rothschild sponsored pseudo-science is not only illogical – it’s patently absurd.

A cleaner environment can be accomplished through technology, not command and control regulations.

Saddling our economy with UN mandates and new layers of federal bureaucracy will only make poor countries pooer and push them into the vice grip of IMF / World bank -  it will not solve the alleged climate crisis

INDIA WILL NOT BE PUSHED AROUND ANY MORE !

Punch into Google search  -
THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL

It is high time the white man realized that Indian can think better than them every which way. 

We do NOT need to learn climate from the West. If we can send a rocket to Mars , we can also think clearly on Carbon Dioxide as a greenhouse gas . 

Like Judas CHOOTS these BENAMI TV channels made Indian children put off lights at night , under the banner of reducing global warming 

In ancient days when all countries were widely separated , they will realize that ONLY Indians could think clearly . 

So cut the bull !


Below: Con-man walking !   

Hey, Nobel prize winner , Al Gore do you know that all mammals breathe out CO2?   Do you know that plants give out CO2 at night ? 



When carbon dioxide increases in the atmosphere, plants thrive, become larger, and are able to absorb more CO2.   As part of the carbon cycle, plants use light to photosynthesise carbon dioxide, turning it into carbohydrate to grow and releasing oxygen as a waste product.  

God takes care of this ,  not Rothschild !



ANOTHER FORM OF CULTURAL TERRORISM WHERE OUR OWN ELECTED GOVT IS INVOLVED --  DISHING OUT "VISA ON ARRIVAL"  TO EVIL WHITE PEOPLE .


SUBJECT :  370 die in clinical trials in 2 years, kin of only 21 get compensation .
######################################

The number runs in thousand and is NOT 370   .

EVIL PHARMA has been using Indian TV programmed and Bollywood superstars to push CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC DRUGS    .

THOUSANDS OF TRIBAL INDIANS DIE EVERY YEAR AS THEY ARE USED AS GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED GENERIC DRUGS    .

Tribals are chosen as their bodies and brains are UNPOLLUTED -- they eat organic foods, they breathe clean air and drink clean water  ..   None of these poor tribals will ever get the rich man’s diseases for which they are being used as guinea pigs    . Some of them were seeing a hospital for the first time in their lives    .

When people die these NGOs buy the silence of people who are supposed to investigate and punish    . They will give them free lawyers,  of course the lawyers are also bribed to ensure that big brother Pharma always win -   or secure an out of court settlement where the poor tribal gets nothing    .

They prey on poor people who cannot read or write and make them put their thumb imprints on a piece of document they wont ever understand    . These NGOs have Swiss bank accounts    .

Lab rats cannot be used beyond a point as a substitute for humans  .

HUMAN BEINGS ARE CONSCIOUS CREATURES WHILE LAB RATS ARE NOT  .

only conscious creatures can see themselves in a mirror or see in colour or can laugh .

Most of these clinical trials are with BRAIN DRUGS - as Alzheimers and VARIANT CREUTZFELDT JACOB DISEASE   are sweeping the western populations  .

In May 1995, the human form of the mad cow disease, vCJD broke out claiming its first death and now the incubation periods are getting over in less than a decade before this brain killer disease blows up  .

The filthy rich foreign Pharmaceutical companies bribe their way through the politicians and our health system    . They fund NGOs who act as double agents    . On the surface these NGOs are do gooders helping poor tribals to get access to free immunization programs    .

What they do NOT tell, is that these drugs are being tried out for the first time on humans   . If anybody dies, the same NGOs act as double agents to hush the case up and do the necessary bribings, and to eliminate whistle blowers    .

EVIL PHARMA affords all doctors, politicians who play ball with SEX jaunts to Thailand and Amsterdam.  These Indian doctors who play ball in collusion with the DCGI are given all expenses paid trips abroad to address seminars ( sic ! ), for proof-reading journal articles (sic!) , and for authoring journal articles that they never saw until their publication   .

Punch into Google search  -
.  .  .SHOCKING LEGACY OF MAD COW DISEASE VADAKAYIL .  .  .

and

.  .  .  . GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs VADAKAYIL  .  .   .  .


I WANT THIS COMMENT TO BE PUT IN MODIs, SWAMYs, RAJNATH SINGHs WEBSITES-ALSO FLOOD THE INTERNET FACEBOOK/TWITTER  .

capt ajit vadakayil
..


Naveen Periasamy
December 19, 2014 at 12:15 AM
Dear Captain,
In the comments column in one of our earlier posts your revealed that the Carvaka philosophy of hedonism was poison injected and that Sarvadarśanasaṅ̇graha of Vidyaranya does not actually have it's first chapter on carvaka philosophy. Please also debunk the claim that Tattvopaplavasimha by Jayarāśi Bhaṭṭa is the oldest authentic source of Carvaka philosophy. A truly shocking and disgusting claim is being made that the much venerated and respected Rishi Bṛhaspati is the father of Carvaka school of thought..Wikipedia says - "The Bārhaspatya-sūtras (a patronymic of Brhaspati), also Lokāyata ("materialistic", "atheistic") sutras were the foundational text of the Cārvāka school of "materialist" (nastika) philosophy." They have hit at the roots of Indian thought by calling Brihaspati - the Deva Guru as a atheist ! Please debunk this poisonous lie once and for all.
############################
hi np,

indians treat wikipedia stuff on hindusim - worse than zakir naik's rants.

BRIHASPATI was the coach of the devas. he became the GOD of the white man all over europe and mediterranean known as ZEUS/ THOR .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/thor-zeus-marduk-brihaspati-and-jupiter.html

brihaspati's gurukul classmate SHUKRACHARYA was the coach of the asuras .

both were bitter rivals as the gurukul principal maharishi angirasa was brihaspati's father and though shukracharya was better in all respects than bripaspati -- when the devas wanted a coach they took brihaspati.

shukracharya coached the asuras so well that king mahabali of kerala took him as his personal political advisor and became more powerful than devas- - and he did ASHWAMEDHA YAGNA and became emperor . .

devas panicked and asked vishnu to eliminate king mahabali . vishnu took VAMAMA AVATAR
and eliminated king mahabali .

we in kerala celebrate ONAM ( hindus/ christins/ muslims all ) to remember our king mahabali with gratitude as he ran a happy nation .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/why-kerala-does-not-celebrate-diwali-or.html

SHUKRACHARYA is the god of the entire muslim lands today --such a strange thing . friday ( shukravar ) is still a holiday for all these people . the koran was edited at cheraman perumal mosque , the world's second mosque in kodungallur. This was a temple before and was donated by calicut king cheraman perumal ( my hometown ) to be converted to be a mosque .

koran was a good text originally- later vested people included local conditions of jihad and made it in its present form where they think it is OK to kill non-believers . shukracharya is a god for the persian parsis too .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/06/shukracharya-is-ahura-mazda-god-of.html

the god of the americas was maya danava ( an asura ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/07/maya-inca-aztec-civilizations-decoded.html

Maya Danava went to Peru on his own Vimana which was a spacecraft. Maya was an architect and a metallurgist par excellence-- he was a magician literally with palaces. He was the architect of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and the Lanka palace of Kubera which was usurped by his half brother Ravana along with the Pushpaka Vimana. Maya’s son-in-law Ravana was defeated by Lord Rama in the Ramayana war.

brihaspati and shukracharya are thousands of years older than maya danava. Maya Danava is mentioned 23 times in the Ramayana, and 61 times in the Mahabharata- such was his merit .

CHARVAKA was rothschild's philosophy which he sold using his mistress ayn rand ( atlas shrugged ). The inner club of R knows all these things.

CONTINUED TO 2-








CONTINUED FROM 1-
Bill Clinton came to Lok Sabha and asked why the rest of India cant be like kerala in merit . when nobody clapped ( as malayalis abhor hero worship ) he asked " why is there no one here from kerala ? .

punch into google search -
THE BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT VADAKAYIL

Rotshchild tried his best to propagate the John Galt hedonist philiosophy by subverting our ancient literature.

This is where the Sanskrit proverb is “Rinam kritva ghritam pibet, yavan jivet sukham jivet” meaning –“Live so long you have a life and live with all comforts and luxury even if you have to take a loan”

Charvaka is “materialist hedonism” and supposed to be propagated by a the “rather of Carnatic music” Puranadara ( sic!). There is NO sage Charvaka in Indian history.

As per the white Christian missionary , Purandara Dasa fought the evils of casteism through his songs.

Indian have NO idea what all false and fake ways the white man tried to subvert indian thought.

They created the fake “ Cārvāka school of philosophy” with its variety of atheistic and materialistic beliefs.

Such a school of thought never existed in India.

This Charvaka philosophy was about the virtue of selfishness ( Ayn Rand –mistress of Rothschild philosophy )and the belief that that wisdom lay in enjoying pleasure and avoiding pain.

They were extremely critical of the Vedas giving propaganda that Vedas were just incoherent rhapsodies , and that the Vedas suffered from three faults - untruth, self-contradiction and tautology.

The Charvaka philosophy spread the belief that Vedas were cooked up by men and had no divine authority.

The white historian invented a false Cārvāka philosophy( Sarva-darśana-saṅgraha ) a fake poison injected work back dated and attributed to a 14th century Advaita Vedanta philosopher Mādhava Vidyāraṇya from Hampi India, which starts with a chapter on the Cārvāka system.

Actually this chapter is not there.

these LIARS never expected a capt ajit vadakayil and his blog , right ?

capt ajit vadakayil

..

######################
SUBJECT :  65-year-old commits sati in Bihar  .
#################################

INDIANS NEVER HEARD OF SATI ,  TILL THE WHITE INVADER CAME TO INDIA .

THERE IS NOT A SINGLE MENTION OF SATI IN ANY OF OUR ANCIENT HINDU SCRIPTURES -  I DARE ANYBODY TO PROVE ME WRONG   .  .

RAJA RAM MOHAN ROY WAS USED BY THE WHITE INVADER TO MAKE THE INDIAN SELF LOATHING   .   

Raja Ram Mohan Roy was an Opium drug runner of Rothschild , the owner of the British East India Company    .

When the Muslims invaded India, women jumped into the fire to fuse their genitals  . Suicide by any other means was NOT possible as they perverts would still rape the dead body  . The women committed suicide otherwise they would become sex slaves, a life worse than death  .

It was a concept of DEATH BEFORE DISHONOR.

Punch into Google search -
.  .  . OPIUM RAJA , BRITISH STOOGE , RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL  .  .  .

Capt ajit vadakayil
..
######################################
SUBJECT :  Jewish lobby in US bats for India  .
#######################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Jewish-lobby-in-US-bats-for-India/articleshow/45517641.cms

WHO CARES FOR THIS JEWISH LOBBY - WHOSE GOD IS MONEY  ? 

ZIONISTS WANT BRICS TO BREAK UP  .

BENAMI indian front main stream media are now EMBEDDED REPORTERS for the zionists  and AIPAC   . 

JEWS AND THE INTERNATIONAL BANKSTERS  PRAISE MODI TO THE SKIES ,  HOPING THAT MODI WILL PLACE RUSSIA ON THE BACK BURNER  .

SORRY-- RUSSIA AND PUTIN IS A TRUSTED ALLY  .

jews can stick to their cowbody riding posse NATO --leave BRICS alone  !

70% OF ISRAEL IS CREATED BY KERALA TEMPLE GOLD  .

punch into Google search -
. . .  TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED VADAKAYIL  .  .

capt ajit vadakayil
..
##############################
The world is wondering why US president is coming to India for the Republic day parade- normally attended by insignificant leaders of Bhutan etc.

Americans do know that we do NOT boast about our Surya missile which is faster ( 25 mach ) and of longer range ( 18000 km) than the rest of the world competition .   

It will be armed with MIRVs (Multiple independently targetable reentry vehicles) which will carry multiple warheads that can split off from the main missile and target other cities.  It will be  canister-launched and is designed to be easily maneuverable by truck or by rail.  This eliminates the need for expensive, easily targeted missile silos.   

All those Pickle Johns and Chutney Marys who migrated to AustraliAR can suck on this.  No we dont want you back !
*********************************************************************
EXHUMED TRUTHS OF SPANISH ARMADA AND SIR FRANCIS DRAKE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


QUEEN ELIZABETH 1 WAS A MAN ?   SIR FRANCIS DRAKE FAKED HIS DEATH ,  SPANISH ARMADA LOST ONLY STORE SHIPS DUE TO LEE SHORE WINDS ON IRISH WEST COAT CREATED BY A HURRICANE, COUNTER ARMADA OR ENGLISH ARMADA WHICH WAS DESTROYED BY SPAIN IN 1589 AD,  FRANCIS DRAKE'S CIRCUMNAVIGATION OF THE GLOBE WAS A HOAX ,  SPANISH ARMADA DID NOT LOSE A SINGLE SHIP IN NAVAL BATTLE OF 1588 AD IN THE ENGLISH CHANNEL  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This blog site using the server at UK, has been on the top 500 among 30 million world wide sites for the last one year..   

Obviously the FREE white man is sick and tired of reading LIES .   He does NOT care for Wikipedia and history books  -   he wants the naked truth .

There are many who want to see REAL wrestling and not rigged and doctored WWF .   




By the way WWF has been created for gays to ogle at sweating muscled male bodies to get their rocks off- or they don’t get sleep .





Today I will expose the great LIES of the great English victory during the battle with the invincible Spanish Armada. Not a single Spanish ship was sunk by Britain in this naval battle other than two ships which ran aground due to rudder failure . The armada losses were due to LEE SHORE ( blown onto land by hurricane winds ) and that too weeks after the naval battle was over, on the return passage to Spain - off Irish/ Scottish coasts . These lost ships were NOT naval battle ships but large rowing galleons meant for carrying Dutch Catholic soldiers and barge type merchant store ships who did NOT have navigational charts , who would have gone back to Spain via the English Channel , but for unseasonal freak roaring Souwesters . All the Spanish naval ships reached back Spain safely .

Below: Stars showing naval battles are all bull .





Below: All these crosses showing "major battles" is a pathetic lie, with 200 smaller ships of the British led by Lord Howard of Effingham / Sir Francis Drake NOT daring to come close to the 119 superior ships ( with 24000 men of which 19000 were seasoned soldiers  ) of the Spanish Armada ! At Gravelines the Spanish Armada stopped to pick up additional 30000 Catholic soldiers from Holland , the professional army of General Alessandro Farnese, Duke of Parma, after which they would sail up the Thames river to capture London -- however this embarkation was delayed indefinitely , and very strong unseasonal winds and currents forced the Spanish Armada North, after which the campaign was aborted and the entire naval battleship fleet ( 73 strong ships with 12000 men )  sailed back to Spain via North of Scotland .  

44 store merchant ships and rowing galleys were lost in the storm off the Wesren Irish coast. 

The Spanish Armada destroyed 20% of the English fleet- but till today England claims that they lost NO ship, but only 100 men. When asked why 8500 men were missing after the battle , with families causing a huge outcry ( no pay too! ) Queen Elizabeth 1 lied though her rotten yellow teeth-  OH-- the poor men died of Typhus and dysentry - when they were in sight of their own coastline most of the time.  

While not prepared openly to defy his uncle, the King of Spain, the Duke of Parma did NOT want to be weakened, with hostile forces around him ( Holland / Belgium ) ,  and deposed when 30000 of his best soldiers would be fighting in London.



I will expose Sir Francis Drake the hyped up evil henchman of the English protestant queen Elizabeth 1, a pirate and a black slave runner , whose circumnavigation of this planet is a huge hoax. Take this from a ship captain of 3 decades experience who has circumnavigated this planet more than a dozen times, on several ship .  The Sir Francis Drake faked his own death off Panama , to spend his personal treasure on hot and attractive Central American girls- I guess he had enough of dead fish cold English girls .   .



I will expose she-male Queen Elizabeth 1 , the pride of England. 

I will exhume what has NOT been written down--  Queen Elizabeth 1 asked, a punch drunk with fame, Sir Francis Drake to lead an English Armada the next year ( Counter Armada of 1589 of Sir John Norreys  ) to attack Spain, where King Phillip screwed them so badly that England remained impoverished , and needed the Jews to be re-admitted by Oliver Cromwell to bail them out financially later .  The English Armada sustained more financial losses and human losses that the Spanish Armada ( done in by storm the previous year )  in REAL battle.  APPIDIYA ?   APPIDITHAAN ! It takes a Capt Ajit Vadakayil to tell you this  .

In 1575, Sir Francis Drake was present at the Rathlin Island Massacre, which was a part of the English plantation effort in Ulster,( North coast of Ireland )  where 600 Scottish men, women, and children were massacred after surrendering Sir Francis Drake and Sir John Norreys who lead this English Armada( 1589 ) and got screwed badly by Spain were the kingpins of this foul massacre .

Charles Howard, Baron Howard of Effingham (1536–1624) was one of Elizabeth's cousins on her mother's side.  He was appointed Lord Admiral in 1585, participated in the trial of Mary, Queen of Scots, and urged Elizabeth to sign Mary's death warrant. He was a trusted servant of Elizabeth's and is best remembered for his role as England's first commander-in-chief of its first major fleet, and for his care of the men in his service. Elizabeth made him 1st Earl of Nottingham in 1596. Howard led the English fleet against the Spanish Armada, with Sir Francis Drake as deputy .

Can you believe the English speaking white man eats Goose for Christmas for a good reason . The victory over the Armada was to make Sir Francis Drake a very famous man. Elizabeth 1 remembered the great victory ( sic ) on Christmas day and declared that all Englishmen must have goose on Christmas Day as that was the meal she had eaten on the evening that she learned that her navy had beaten the Armada. 

Next time you John Bulls and Hilly Billy Yanks and Ugly Aussies eat goose on Christmas, remember to shove the roasted bird meat into the right orifice-- after all you are  celebrating falsehood - like the ticker tape parades after the Iraqi war .

The R controlled media and Jews have connived in this FAKE protestant glory over Catholics.  After all the Jews have an axe to grind with the white Catholic Pope ( inquisitions and kicking out Jews from many Catholic countries ).
  
After this post is over I would have exposed 2.9%  (by  860 odd posts ) of what I set out to do  .

BRICS need to create their own Wikipedia for the FREE WORLD led by Modi and Putin. We had enough of lying in History books  TV and Hollywood movies.  

Our NCERT school history and social studies books written by R commies must be re-written .

Henry VIII the English King beheaded his 3rd wife Anne Boleyn, on trumped up false charges of incest  , ( she had made the mistake of saying in public that he was NOT great in bed.).

Anne Boleyn’s daughter Elizabeth I ruled for a long time till her death in 1603 as a virgin.  She was incapable of conceiving , and had many young “gay” suitors who used her wrong bottom orifice.  She used to fake pregnancies . Her most loved gay lover was the Earl of Leicester who died after the Spanish Armada visit , devastating her  . . 

She was bald with  a small pox scarred face smoothened with cosmetics , though her portraits were of a tall , slim beautiful lady.

The world's first drug runner is Queen Elizabeth 1, who in 1606 gave orders to British East India company, to start the opium cultivation in Bengal and Bihar in India, to increase the wealth of England..

She was also the first African Slave trader who encouraged her pet  slave trader Jack Hawkins . Sir Francis Drake was a black slave running partner of his cousin Sir Jack Hawkins .

Queen Elizabeth 1 , by her own admission bathed only 4 times in a year " whether I needed it or not!" ( while actually she bathed only twice as she did NOT want to remove the white lead compound filling up the small pox pits on her face). 

But she had more than 2000 of those funny extravagant dresses with hilarious frilled collars.  The whole idea was to distract attention from her repulsive ugliness--one way or the other-- including a jarring red coloured wig.  

Below: I must ask Shaggy to sing for this woman -- kya style hai !



She filled up the hideous deep pox pits on her face, using a compound including white lead, which ate away her skin.  She died a virgin ,and hence is called the "Virgin Queen".  She could NOT fool her subjects that her young male lovers used her bottom vaginal orifice .  She left a will that nobody can see her body even after her death –with a tiny dong and a gaping as$hole.

Below: Since Shaggy is busy --  here is a bonus song - UFF TERI ADA, UFF TERA BADAN -





Below: Just before WW2, King Edward VIII abdicated the English throne for this she-male woman Mrs Wallis Simpson . The truth is R  forced him to abdicate as he refused to go to war with Hitler .  I must ask Shaggy to sing for this hermaphrodite namoona too .




Below: The throne was abdicated for King George VI ( his brother ) who was a R stooge- a man who could not utter more than 4 words without stammering -- who would cry loudly often in melancholy --  yes this was the ruler of India . .  But his wife in the picture Elizabeth ( present queen’s Elizabeth II’s mother ) was very shrewd and managed all affairs with an iron will.   She got the great Kohinoor diamond stolen from India for her own crown , and was most of the time sozzled on leg bucklin' ZAZA ( this is 30% gin and 70% dubonnet --neat-- with a slice of lime ).  Churchill's mother Jennie Jerome a Jewess , was from Jew R family .  Jennie’s father financier Leonard Jerome ( Jacobsen ) was a race horse owner and the Rothschilds representative in USA.  Churchill’s father Randolph Churchill died of Syphillis, and Winston was born in a toilet on Nov 30th 1874,  prematurely at 7 months, when his pregnant mother got labour pains, in the middle of a dance. Winstons parents marriage was one of convenience and he was neglected as a small child, making him an egoical  and obnoxious manic depressive hooked on to intoxicants.  For marrying Rothschild girl Jennie, Randolph was given a wedding present -- of being a member of the House of Commons.  R made Winston Churchill a great hero , like how Elizabeth 1 made Sir Francis Drake a hero .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html 




Above : If some one said BOOOO to the king ( George VI in the middle ) he would either faint or cry!  Obviously he cant do both, right ?

She had a playpen between her legs and NOT a nursery  .There was no way even a ugly common man would have been sexually aroused by her.  

Her father King Henry VIII suffered from congenital syphilis due to rampant sex. Her half sister Queen of England Mary Tudor, the Catholic wife of King Phillip of Spain ( Bloody Mary- who also faked her pregnancies  ) and her half brother King of England Edward VI ( both children of Henry VIII ) suffered from congenital syphilis.

Elizabeth 1 had Mary Stuart, the Queen of Scots executed. Though she signed her death warrant, Elizabeth 1 ,did NOT want it to be known to the public.

The Queen of Scots Mary Stuart , was a very pretty, sensuous, and tall woman, and it is speculated, that it was sheer female jealously , which made Elizabeth imprison her for 19 years, and then execute her ( not fear of losing her throne to her, as many considered that she was the true heir ) . 

She was publicly disrobed in disgrace, by several men, the executioner took three strokes with his axe to behead her, with lot of time in between the strokes. Then her decapitated head was held  high by the auburn hair, to show the public, with the executioner shouting , as he was told to " God, save the Queen". .

The head fell down , and it turned out to be a wig, with very short grey hair underneath, -- the final cruel blow, even after death..- All engineered by bald and pox scarred faced Elizabeth 1.   

And then the most bizarre thing was her tiny dog, kept hidden under her petty coat ( insinuating that this poor dog was always at her crotch )  , was let loose, totally covered in blood- with the desperate creature yelping most pitiably, running helter skelter.

WANNA READ HAJAAR ENGLISH BULL ?

QUOTE :  An English squadron of eight sail manoeuvred coast-wise on the Armada's inner flank, while, unperceived by the Spanish lookout, Drake stole away to sea, beat round its outer flank, and then, making the most of a westerly slant in the shifting breeze, edged in to starboard. The Spaniards saw nothing till it was too late, Drake having given them a berth just wide enough to keep them quiet. But when the sun rose, there, only a few miles off to windward, was the whole main body of the English fleet, coming on in faultless line-ahead, heeling nicely over on the port tack before the freshening breeze, and, far from waiting for the Great Armada, boldly bearing down to the attack. With this consummate move the victory was won.

The rest was slaughter, borne by the Spaniards with a resolution that nothing could surpass. With dauntless tenacity they kept their 'eagle formation,' so useful at Lepanto, through seven dire days of most one-sided fighting. Whenever occasion seemed to offer, the Spaniards did their best to close, to grapple, and to board, as had their heroes at Lepanto. But the English merely laughed, ran in, just out of reach, poured in a shattering broadside between wind and water, stood off to reload, fired again, with equal advantage, at longer range, caught the slow galleons end-on, raked them from stem to stern, passed to and fro in one, long, deadly line-ahead, concentrating at will on any given target; and did all this with well-nigh perfect safety to themselves. 

In quite a different way close-to, but to the same effect at either distance, long or short, the English 'had the range of them,' as sailors say today. Close-to, the little Spanish guns fired much too high to hull the English vessels, lying low and trim upon the water, with whose changing humors their lines fell in so much more happily than those of any lumbering Spaniards could. Far-off, the little Spanish guns did correspondingly small damage, even when they managed to hit; while the heavy metal of the English, handled by real seamen-gunners, inflicted crushing damage in return.

But even more important than the Englishmen's superiority in rig, hull, armament, and expert seamanship was their tactical use of the thoroughly modern line-ahead. Any one who will take the letter T as an illustration can easily understand the advantage of 'crossing his T.' The upright represents an enemy caught when in column-ahead, as he would be, for instance, when issuing from a narrow-necked port. In this formation he can only use bow fire, and that only in succession, on a very narrow front. But the fleet represented by the crosspiece, moving across the point of the upright, is in the deadly line-ahead, with all its near broadsides turned in one long converging line of fire against the helplessly narrow-fronted enemy. If the enemy, sticking to medieval tactics, had room to broaden his front by forming column-abreast, as galleys always did, that is, with several uprights side by side, he would still be at the same sort of disadvantage; for this would only mean a series of T's with each nearest broadside crossing each opposing upright as before.

The herded soldiers and non-combatants aboard the Great Armada stood by their useless duties to the last. Thousands fell killed or wounded. Several times the Spanish scuppers actually ran a horrid red, as if the very ships were bleeding. The priests behaved as bravely as the Jesuits of New France--and who could be braver than those undaunted missionaries were? Soldiers and sailors were alike. 'What shall we do now?' asked Sidonia after the slaughter had gone on for a week. 'Order up more powder,' said Oquendo, as dauntless as before. Even then the eagle formation was still kept up. The van ships were the head. The biggest galleons formed the body. Lighter vessels formed the wings. A reserve formed the tail.

As the unflinching Armada stood slowly up the Channel a sail or two would drop out by the way, dead-beat. One night several strange sail passed suddenly by Drake. What should he do? To go about and follow them with all astern of him doing the same in succession was not to be thought of, as his aftermost vessels were merchantmen, wholly untrained to the exact combined maneuvers required in a fighting fleet, though first-rate individually. There was then no night signal equivalent to the modern 'Disregard the flagship's movements.' So Drake dowsed his stern light, went about, overhauled the strangers, and found they were bewildered German merchantmen. He had just gone about once more to resume his own station when suddenly a Spanish flagship loomed up beside his own flagship the "Revenge". Drake immediately had his pinnace lowered away to demand instant surrender. 

But the Spanish admiral was Don Pedro de Valdes, a very gallant commander and a very proud grandee, who demanded terms; and, though his flagship (which had been in collision with a run-amuck) seemed likely to sink, he was quite ready to go down fighting. Yet the moment he heard that his summoner was Drake he surrendered at discretion, feeling it a personal honor, according to the ideas of the age, to yield his sword to the greatest seaman in the world. With forty officers he saluted Drake, complimenting him on 'valour and felicity so great that Mars and Neptune seemed to attend him, as also on his generosity towards the fallen foe, a quality often experienced by the Spaniards; whereupon,' adds this eyewitness, 'Sir Francis Drake, requiting his Spanish compliments with honest English courtesies, placed him at his own table and lodged him in his own cabin. UNQUOTE

BAAAP RE !


I HAVE JUST SPROUTED LONG EARS !

The defeat of the Spanish Armada (sic )is one of the most famous events in English history. It was arguably Queen Elizabeth's finest hour. She was first called the English Deborah, the saviour of the English people, and then later hailed as Bellona, the goddess of war, for she had led her people to glory, defeating the greatest power in the 16th century world –  

BULLSH#T !  

TIME TO PRICK THIS BUBBLE  

The British and their R Jew historians are masters in writing about great battles using their vivid imagination , when NOT a single bullet has been fired.

One such juicy story is the great battle with Tipu Sultan ( sic ) with rockets and cannons , when Rothschild grabbed all the Kerala temple gold in 1799 AD , with just one bullet fired on the King’s cheek while he was having breakfast .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/10/tipu-sultan-unmasked-capt-ajit.html



Another juicy story is the great battle of Plassey ( sic ) of 1757 AD  in which Rothschild took over India .

This great battle never took place.

Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/back-swing-of-john-galt-capt-ajit.html



YOU CAN IMAGINE HOW MANY AWARDS OF BRAVERY THE WHITE MAN WAS WRANGLED IN THE COWARDLY IRAQ BATTLE !


The LYING white historian has put it on record that Elizabeth 1 was so attractive that both Pope Sixtus V and King Phillip ii wanted to marry her.

Below: Queen Elizabeth 1 whose ugly pox scarred face was always covered with a deathy 1 mm layer of white lead . 





Where the fu#k is Shaggy ? Oh I just found him .



Pope Sixtus V is supposed to have written ( sic ) about UGLY Elizabeth 1 : 'What a valiant queen , she braves the two greatest kings by land and sea.   A pity we cannot marry, she and I, for our children would have ruled the world! 



Hey Pope, the orifice meant for ejecting solid waste is NOT a nursery or even a play pen.

Poor Pope Sixtus V -, Philip II ordered Jesuit general Claudius Aquaviva to poison Pope Sixtus V.  In one single year Popes Sixtus V, Pope Urban VII and Gregory XIV were assassinated . Philip II went through 5 more Popes before his own demise in 1598.

Below: King Philip II of Spain





The Spanish Armada of 1588 had two chief objectives: compelling the cessation of English Protestant aid via rich Jews ( crypto Catholics and crypto Protestants ) to Dutch rebel forces and French Protestant Huguenots (led at the time by Henri of Navarre), and halting the relentless attacks of English privateers like pirate Francis Drake against Spanish shipping from the Americas.  

King Philip ii knew that Pirate Drake made a pay off ( we Indians call it Hafta ) via the Crypto Jew Protestants to Queen Elizabeth 1 from the loot of Spanish treasure ships . British privateers, known as sea-dogs, had plundered convoys of ships bringing gold and silver from the New World in South Americas.  

Philip demanded that Elizabeth punish the privateers initially, till he came to know that the English pirates were stealing on the Queens secret orders.  Philip got hopping mad.

Elizabeth 1 had no living siblings, and perhaps the only viable Catholic replacement for Elizabeth was Mary Queen of Scots, who of course had been executed the year before on false charges by Elizabeth 1.   When Queen Mary ( Bloody Mary ) died childless in 1558, her very Protestant half-sister Elizabeth, daughter of Henry’s second wife Anne Boleyn, came to the throne.

Initially Elizabeth supported the Protestants in secret. But in1584, she with the secret financial support of Jews , openly started supporting the rebel Protestants in the Netherlands who were revolting against Spanish occupation.

While King Philip ii was preparing his Armada to raid England , the crypto Jew Catholics in Spain, informed Queen Elizabeth , every inch of the progress – a blow by blow account. 

So there was NO shock and awe.  



In any case Philip did NOT want to destroy England’s navy- he wanted to raid London with foot soldiers via the Thames .  King Philip II  had outsourced some preparation jobs for stocking food and water at Cadiz .  

Sir Francis Drake was sent by Elizabeth I in March 1587 , to destroy thousands of valuable water tight,  oak barrels in a pre-emtive strike. This delayed the set out of the Spanish Armada as they had to feed 54000 men on the campaign.  

The Crypto Jews sabotaged the salted pork, as they handled these things in Spain.


By 1585, Protestant England was at war with Catholic Spain, which had annexed Portugal in 1580. The Spanish king claimed his cousin’s English crown when the unmarried Portuguese monarch was killed at the ill-fated battle of Alcacer-Quibir in Morocco.  The combined crown lasted until 1640.  

The Pope at Vatican pressed to re-instate Catholicism in England knowing that Queen Elizabeth was in cahoots with the rich Crypto Jews pretending to be Protestant .


Much later the ruler of England Oliver Cromwell ( who admitted Jews back to England ) would sponsor another pirate Sir Henry Morgan who like Sir Francis Drake would be the admiral of the English navy . 



In 1674, Morgan was knighted by King Charles and sent to Jamaica as lieutenant governor.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/port-royal-pirate-haven-capt-ajit.html

Jew sponsored polls made Oliver Cromwell a popular Englishman. In a 2002 R controlled BBC poll in Britain, Cromwell was selected as one of the ten greatest Britons of all time


There were a small number of  rich crypto Jews in Elizabethan England. Jews had monopolized money lending.  Elizabethan Jews were all crypto Jews publicly stating that they were protestants—but all were circumcised with large noses and curly hair . They would outwardly conform to the Christian Protestant religion. 

William Shakespeare wrote The Merchant of Venice in which a Jewish character called Shylock was depicted as the stereotype Jew who was also a money lender

It was the Jews who forced King Henry VIII to turn protestant.  They poisoned his syphilis affected mind against his own wife Catherine , who gave him a daughter ( Mary Tudor ) and NO son. 

They brainwashed him that God punished him for marrying her . Henry now became really desperate to marry a second wife and the Roman Church refused to annul his first marriage.   

The solution seemed simple. Divorce Catherine and marry someone else. But things weren’t so simple, for as if to prove its moral superiority over Jews the Catholic Church had outlawed divorce.  

Henry VIII began amassing evidence on being prodded on by crypto Jews to make a case that his marriage to Catherine was null and void since he had married a sister-in-law .  

The white Christain man must now believe Capt Ajit Vadakayil on this  -  I could not care less , if they do NOT - 

-  THE JEWS AMENDED THE TORAH AND SENT IT TO HENRY VIII  .


The new amended Torah (Vayikra 18:16, 20:21) warns against marrying a sister-in-law, there is also a mitzvah (Devarim 25:5-6) to marry the wife of a deceased brother who left no bonim (literally, sons).  

Crypto Jew Rabbis   Marco Raphael,  Rav Kolonymus ben David and his son-in-law Rav Eliyahu Menachem Chalfan was involved in this great deceit. . 

They whispered in his ear that due to the prohibition of eishes ach, Henry VIII’s marriage with Catherine was null and void since Jews no longer observed the mitzvah of yibum.  

Next time you want to silence a drunk in a party- just whisper something into his ear .

TEE HEEE—

--such is the power of a whisper .

These Jews convinced the NOT so bright king that “the Levitial law (that forbids marrying a sister-in-law) takes preponderance .  On the other hand, the law of Deuteronomy was never observed, even by the Jews themselves, after the destruction of Jerusalem, except in matters concerning inheritance. 

So dear king you MUST marry a second time, create your own Jew friendly Protestant religion where you ex-communicate the Catholic Pope.

Henry had been so devoted to the Catholic Church that in reaction to Martin Luther.s attack against the Church, Henry had penned a spirited counterattack that earned him the papal title of .Defender of the Faith..

But now, Henry was literally brain whacked into doing the unthinkable.  On May 28, 1533, he cut the Gordian knot, broke with Rome, and had his Archbishop, Thomas Cranmer, declare the marriage to Catherine of Aragon void and his marriage to his second wife, Anne Boleyn, ( mother of Elizabeth 1 ) lawful.   

Spanish Jews now started living boldly as Protestants in public and Jew in private.  There were NO open Jews living in England at the time. 

All Jews were expelled from England in 1290 by Edward I.  Jews were not officially allowed to return to England until the 1640's - till when Oliver Cromwell seized power.  Well, well--what do you know !


Elizabeth (1533-1603) was the daughter of King Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn.  She was 25 years old when she became Queen and ruled England for 44 years until age 69.  Philip II of Spain had been co-monarch of England until the death of his wife, Mary I, in 1558.

The first act of Elizabeth’s  first Parliament established her supremacy in all matters spiritual and temporal. The Catholic Bishops had opposed the Act of Supremacy in House of Lords and refused to swear the oath of supremacy incorporated in the Act.  They were deprived, imprisoned or allowed to resign.  

Elizabeth was able to appoint 27 new bishops, many of them men who had actively opposed Mary’s religious policies and who would support her in the House of Lords.

Until Elizabeth married and had children, the next in line for the throne was her relative, Mary Stuart, the Queen of Scotland.   Many Catholics believed Henry VIII’s marriage to Anne Boleyn had not been not lawful, which meant Elizabeth should not be queen at all and Mary, Queen of Scots, should take over immediately. 

To make matters worse, Mary was going to marry the French prince, so it was possible that French and Scottish armies would invade England to make Mary queen.   

Mary, Queen of Scots’ husband died, which ended the link with France and she had returned to Scotland.. Mary, Queen of Scots, had also made it clear that if she became Queen of England, King Philip II would inherit the throne after her death.

In January 1570 Pope Pius V issued a Bull declaring Elizabeth a heretic, and therefore excommunicated.  The new ruler might have been Mary Stuart, "Queen of Scots" - a Catholic brought up in France - but in 1587 Elizabeth had Mary beheaded on false charges.

The overthrow of Mary’s Catholicism with Elizabeth I’s  Protestantism ushered in a new era. The Marranos  ( crypto Jews  -- dirty pig in Spanish ) were back with more than a hundred members in London.   Marrano crypto Jews do NOT eat pig .  

The Marranos of London, including, the shipping magnate and arms supplier to Parliament, Antonio Fernando Carvajal a native of Fundão,  Francisco Lopes D’Azevedo, the Spinoza family agent, and the Lopes brothers, were outwardly Protestants, but collected money for a secret synagogue in Antwerp.  They held Jewish religious services in secret near the Tower of London.

78,000 Jews were driven out of Catholic Spain, which the modern Jews have inflated to 300, 000-- as usual. 400 years later Rothschild avenged the Jews and punished the Spaniards using their Jew stooge in USA , President Theodore Roosevelt -- destroying the glorious Spanish Empire. 



Theodore Roosevelt’ father was the Opium agent of Rothschild , using a glass company as a front.
A false flag attack by Jews on USS Maine in Cuba put the blame on Spain.  America would take revenge and the Jew Theodore Roosevelt would avenge the Jews who were kicked out of Spain 400 years ago.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/10/explosion-on-ss-maine-grooming-of.html


After decades of bad relations, King Phillip II of Spain, a staunch-Catholic and widowed husband of Queen Mary I of England —Elizabeth I’s half-sister— decided to launch an attack on Elizabeth’s Protestant England. 

The Spanish Catholic people made no secret of their hostility to the English Queen, who they believed was illegitimate and had no right to the English throne.

Spain was the most powerful country in the world. Philip II ruled vast territories of land, and had unparalleled wealth from the New World. England was a small country, with little wealth, few friends, and many enemies.

The original aim of the Armada was to liberate the captive Queen of Scots.  But Elizabeth preempted it by using Sir Francis Drake to delay the arrival of the fleet by sabotage and then she hastened to behead Mary ,the rightful Queen to the English throne. 

Non-conforming Catholics were punished severely under the  Elizabethan Recusants and Recusancy Laws.

King Philip II had a genuine claim to the English throne, both by descent from John of Gaunt, and as Queen Mary I's husband—not many people know this truth.

Philip II of Spain was the rightful monarch of England through his descent from Joaõ I of Portugal, who had married Gaunt's daughter Philippa.  Philip had been the husband of the Catholic Queen Mary and considered himself King of England until Mary’s death in 1558.


Sir Francis Walsingham, Elizabeth's spymaster, uncovered the FAKE  Babington Plot to overthrow Elizabeth in 1586.   Mary , queen of Scots , was implicated in the plot, with reams of evidence against her, and was eventually executed on 8 February 1587--leaving her claim to the English throne, not to her son James VI of Scotland but to King Philip II.


The ridiculous part was both Spanish and English ships flew the red cross on a white background; the Spanish because Philip II considered the Armada to be a crusade to remove a heretic queen and the cross was the crusader emblem; the English because the cross of St George was the national emblem.



William Shakespeare’s  Shylock was inspired by a wicked Marrano Jew ( daytime Lutheran church Protestant/ Night time jew ) named Rodrigo López- Queen Elizabeth 1’s Chief doctor.   

Henry VIII and Elizabeth 1 knew who the wealthy Jews were -  a blind eye was turned to their private religious activities, in return for Hafta .  There was no Inquisition in England. Jews became a useful political tool for an English court at odds with Spain and Portugal. The throne found it was able to make good use of these exotic merchants with their overseas contacts.

She had given her doctor Lopez in 1589  a monopoly on the importation of spices from Kerala .  He tried his Jewish hand too much and got punished.  Lopez was arrested on 1 January 1594, and hanged, drawn and quartered on 7 June 1594.  Just few minutes before Lopez was hanged,  he shouted to the crowd that he loved Jesus as much as he loved Elizabeth. For that insult he was drawn and quartered.

In 1656, Rabbi Menasseh ben Israel of Amsterdam, born Manuel Dias Soeiro in Lisbon, the son of a New Christian nail vendor, convinced Oliver Cromwell it would be just and profitable to allow Jews to return to England.   All this was hog wash as Crypto Jews masquerading as Protestants settled in England during the reigns of King Henry VIII and Elizabeth I.   

In December 1656 Antonio Fernandes Carvajal, the leader of a small group of settlers, acquired land for a Jewish cemetery, a public statement of existence . In 1657 the private synagogue in Creechurch Lane had hundreds of Jewish worshippers.  Ashkenazi Jews from Germany and Poland founded their first synagogue in1692 in Broad Street, Mitre Square.

The Armada's appointed commander was the highly experienced Admiral Álvaro de Bazán, Marquis of Santa Cruz, but he died in February 1588,

The Duke of Medina Sidonia, a high-born courtier, took his place.  He did NOT have good relations with General Alexander Farnese , Duke of Parma of Netherlands. who was related by blood to King Philip ( nephew ) .   

The Duke of Medina Sidonia General Alonzo Perez de Guzman was an excellent politician ,soldier and leader , but he was NOT a sailor.  But Spain had never relied on Admirals in land battles. 

The whole idea of taking the Spanish Armada was NOT to have sea battles . Even if the British had more ship ( faster and smaller ones ) their chutku guns could NOT match the long range Spanish guns.  

The British historians LIED that Alonzo fell sea sick in rough weather.  

The Spanish Armada always maintained a CRESCENT MOON shape to protect the food , water and ammunition ( in the middle ).

While waiting for the barges of the Alexander Farnese , the Duke of Parma to arrive with 30000 men, the weather started getting bad on 27th July 1588 and all the buoys were missing ( Gravelines ) as they had been removes a couple of days before.

Two ships ran aground at night . One had the mast broken due to impact. The other carrying gunpowder was blown up deliberately as the ship could NOT be refloated and they did NOT want the English to lay their hands on Spanish long range guns , ammunition and fast horses ..   

General Alonzo Perez de Guzman,the Duke of Media Sidonia felt that things are NOT conducive to hang around forever with roaring gales blowing the ships north and currents also drifting ships northwards..  

It would NOT be possible to anchor as anchors would drag and cables would snap .  A message was delivered that the Duke of Parma was NOT ready as there was a Dutch blockade which had to be dealt with first.

General Alexander Farnese , the Duke of Parma was the Governor of Spanish Netherlands, dealing with the rebels. He was a powerful man . 

General Alexander Farese was the son of Duke Ottavio Farnese of Parma, a grandchild of Pope Paul III and Margaret, the illegitimate daughter of the King of Spain and Habsburg Emperor Charles V.   His mother was the half-sister of Philip II of Spain and John of Austria. 

In 1586, Alexander Farnese became Duke of Parma through the death of his father.  Alexander wanted to raid London on his own using 30,000 battle hardened soldiers , but his uncle King Philip II over ruled him and asked him to wait for the Armada with additional soldiers.  

King Philip II was right as it was foolhardy to rely merely on the hope of a native Catholic insurrection . A huge naval presence with long range guns would have ensured easy victory in capturing London.  Alexander continued as Spanish Netherlands Governor  from 1578 to 1592.

The Duke of Medina Sidonia General Alonzo Perez de Guzman, despite his lack of sea experience did an excellent job . Alonzo performed this overwhelming obligation so well in spite of his lack of experience; no doubt due in part to his own character and leadership spirit , but also to the dedication and expertise of his senior deputies whom he consulted at every step .  King Philip II had chosen his men well.

Contrary to what English and Jew historians write , the English ships inflicted NIL damage on the mighty Spanish Armada,despite exhausting all their ammunition-as they dared NOT come come close. 

In desperation they were reduced to setting their won ships on fire and hope that they will set some of the Spanish ships on fire. With string winds and currents, these burning ships on a straight line drifting course could be plotted and tracked and it was easy to avoid them. 

The British historians admit that they burnt 8 of their own ships . The actual number is much more. Reduced to burning own ships and drifting them on the enemy ! -- what a disgrace !!. 



Unable to retrace his steps DUE TO ADVERSE STRONG GALES The Duke of Medina Sidonia General Alonzo Perez de Guzman after a conference , was forced to order his fleet to sail for home by the “North About” route round the tip of Scotland and down the west coast of Ireland; a daunting prospect, as the rowing galleys and merchant store ship barges has NO charts for the treacherous Pentland Firth / North of Scotland .

MIND YOU , I AM NOT A MERE LAND LUBBING HISTORIAN WHO SPECULATES .  I KNOW HOW THINGS TRANSPIRE IN THESE SEA AREAS WHERE I HAVE COMMANDED HUGE SHIPS MORE THAN A 100 TIMES OVER 3 DECADES OF SHIP COMMAND.

Alonzo gave his captains sailing instructions running to just a few lines with the most cursory of directions.  He gave orders to put the horses over the sides when in sight of close land to conserve water . These good swimming horses mostly swam ashore. The quality of a leader shows up in times of adversity.  



Today a lot of English, Scottish horses have Spanish blood.  Several Armada gallleons and store ships sank around the Orkney Islands, off the north east coast of Scotland.  Hundreds of  Spanish seamen survived the wrecks to settle on the Catholic Islands where their descendants are to this day known as the 'Dons'.    The Spanish galleons were ocean-going vessels designed with large cargo holds to carry supplies for a long voyage, plus equipment and horses for land wars once they arrived - which made them slow and cumbersome.   The English navy, on the other hand, had fast manoeuvrable ships designed to defend their coastal waters. They could go ashore anytime and take food ,water , ammunition and men.



Also surviving the wrecks were a number of chickens, the forbears of an island breed still known as 'Armada chickens'.

When the armada decided to abort the London siege and take off back to Spain via the North sea and North coast of Scotland , 117 of the original 119 ships remained under Alonzo’s  command. 




These two missing ships has run aground  on the treacherous sand bars whose buoys were removed . Not a single ship was sunk by the English .

After Gravelines the commanders Juan de Martinez Recalde, of Biscay, and Miguel Oquendo, of Guipuzcoa.and many others of the Spainsh Armada held a conference on Alonzo’s  flagship. Some foolhardy ones proposed a course for Norway to wait out and return ( when the Duke of Parma was ready ), others for going back to Spain via North of Scotland .  



Alonzo made his level headed decision –it would be back to Spain and orders were issued to the fleet.

QUOTE : The course that is first to be held is to the north/north-east until you be found under 61 degrees and a half; and then to take great heed lest you fall upon the Island of Ireland for fear of the harm that may happen unto you upon that coast. Then, parting from those islands and doubling the Cape in 61 degrees and a half, you shall run west/south-west until you be found under 58 degrees; and from thence to the south-west to the height of 53 degrees; and then to the south/south-west, making to the Cape Finisterre, and so to procure your entrance into The Groyne A Coruña or to Ferrol, or to any other port of coast of Galicia.

The fleet was to approach the coast of Norway, before steering to the meridian of the Shetland Islands and on to Rockall. This allowed passage outside the northern tip of Shetland, clearing the coast of Scotland at a distance of 160 km. Once out in the broad Atlantic, the ships were to steer to a point 645 km beyond the Shannon estuary on the west coast of Ireland, giving themselves a clear run to northern Spain. : UNQUOTE

This plan would have worked but for a unseasonal hurricane when the Armada were off the coasts of Ireland .   LEE SHORE happened and there was no way the rowing galleys and low sail powered and flat bottomed merchant store ships could deal with this .

One report reflects the frustration of the navigators: "We sailed without knowing whither through constant fogs, storms and squalls”


Out of the 117 ships , 73 strong naval ships with 12000 men  sailed back to Spain via North of Scotland . 

The rest sank off the Scottish , Irish coasts .  




The terms "lee shore" is a  nautical term. I was asked this question in my Chief Mate’s orals exam.  

A LEE SHORE  is one that is to the lee side of a vessel ,  meaning the wind is blowing towards it.    A weather shore has the wind blowing from inland over it out to sea..  If the wind is blowing into shore from the sea, the person is on a lee shore.

A weather shore is potentially treacherous for kitesurfers and windsurfers, who can be blown out to sea if the wind is blowing from the land.  For them, a lee shore is safer. For ocean-going vessels during a storm, a lee shore is treacherous because the wind slowly forces the vessel toward the shore, where it will beach or break up.

Lee shores are dangerous to watercraft because, if left to drift, they will be pushed into shore by the wind,  possibly running aground. Sailboats are particularly susceptible to this, as even under sail they are limited to the angle they can travel into the wind.

It is possible for a sailing vessel to become trapped along a lee shore, with the only recourse being to use an engine ( if they have one ) , or use anchors to kedge out ( which is NOT possible if sea is rough too ).


The degree of danger that is posed to your vessel by a lee shore is directly proportional to the force of the wind and current that is pushing you toward it. If you misjudge this force and then lose power, you can be on the lee shore faster than you can anchor your boat.

As a ship captain I can tell you that it was inevitable and has nothing to do with careless planning by King Philip II or the men he chose to lead .

The naval battle in the English Channel had been won by the Spanish Armada and the English ships had exhausted their ammunition.  But for the inability of General Alexander Farese the Duke of Parma to connect his 30000 soldiers history would have taken a different turn.

The British never expected that the rowing galleys and merchant store ships of the Spanish Armada would flounder in a hurricane and they expected a battle from the Western side .  

Below: Rowing galleys use oar power , with limited sail power . When the ship rolls in a hurricane rowing is impossible.




Rumours spread that the Spanish Armada had replenished water and food from Catholic Ireland and the the entire fleet with enough ammunition would soon attack again .

The degree of alarm among the English at Dublin was extreme, and Fitzwilliam put out false reports that reinforcements from England were due to arrive with 10,000 troops.   Rumors were rife that the Spanish landed in disciplined formations, with the Catholic Irish rising out to join them from territories that were almost beyond the control of the government. 

The English were very happy when thousands of dead bodies of Spanish sailors started washing on to the beaches of Ireland   Fitzwilliam ordered that all Spaniards be captured and hanged summarily; and that anyone aiding them be tortured and charged as a traitor to the Crown. But a lot of Spanish men swam ashore and just merged into the public .


It was on a Saturday, the 20th of July, that Lord Effingham came in sight of the mighty Spanish Armada.  

The Armada was drawn up in form of a moon crescent, which from horn to horn measured 13 kilometers  .The formation at a slow speed of 3 knots just sailed on confident on taking on whoever came close.  The speed of the slowest rowing galleys determined the speed of the fleet.    



The English ships did NOT dare to come in front of this deadly formation .  After they passed by they followed behind without daring to overtake  . The English ships were smaller and faster and could have attacked them anytime. 

The Spanish Armada did NOT bother to turn back and attack the English ships and orders from King Philip was very clear. Do NOT engage the enemy ( unless to defend ) till you pick up the 30000 soldiers from Holland.  They had orders to be closer to the French coast than the English coast at all times.

King Philip had ordered his Armada to attack the English fleet only after making it possible for the huge army of the Duke of Parma to cross in safety from France to England .Horses had to be landed on firm ground. Only then would the Spanish Armada pulverize the English fleet.




Wanna swallow some English bull ?

QUOTE : Just after midnight on July 29 1588, the English sent eight burning ships into the crowded harbor at Calais. The panicked Spanish ships were forced to cut their anchors and sail out to sea to avoid catching fire. The disorganized fleet, completely out of formation, was attacked by the English off Gravelines at dawn. In a decisive battle, the superior English guns won the day, and the devastated Armada was forced to retreat north to Scotland. The English navy pursued the Spanish as far as Scotland and then turned back for want of supplies “UNQUOTE

WHERE IS MY BANANA ?

Below: Sorry Shaggy, I cant allow you to sing twice !





Ten days after the Spanish Armada has sailed north from Holland and the coast was clear Queen Elizabeth I suddenly became very brave.  

In true Hollywood style she wore her best clothes , put a fresh coat of white lead on manful face –and on 8 August she went to Tilbury to “encourage” her forces, and gave to them a pathetic pep speech -


Below:  Oh yeah—a valiant image, she arrived on a white steed, wearing a silver cuirass and hajaar jewels  . Hey what about her ugly face sans eyebrows and eyelashes ,  her Manchester with fried eggs for tits , and her bald head with a ridiculous orange wig ? Only John Bulls can get impressed by this sight !



QUOTE :  My loving people, we have been persuaded by some that are careful of our safety, to take heed how we commit ourselves to armed multitudes for fear of treachery; but, I do assure you, I do not desire to live to distrust my faithful and loving people. Let tyrants fear, I have always so behaved myself, that under God I have placed my chiefest strength and safeguard in the loyal hearts and goodwill of my subjects; and, therefore, I am come amongst you as you see at this time, not for my recreation and disport, but being resolved, in the midst and heat of battle, to live or die amongst you all – to lay down for my God, and for my kingdoms, and for my people, my honour and my blood even in the dust. I know I have the body of a weak and feeble woman; but I have the heart and stomach of a king – and of a King of England too, and think foul scorn that Parma or Spain, or any prince of Europe, should dare to invade the borders of my realm; to which, rather than any dishonour should grow by me, I myself will take up arms – I myself will be your general, judge, and rewarder of every one of your virtues in the field. I know already, for your forwardness, you have deserved rewards and crowns, and, we do assure you, on the word of a prince, they shall be duly paid you. In the mean time, my lieutenant general shall be in my stead, than whom never prince commanded a more noble or worthy subject; not doubting but by your obedience to my general, by your concord in the camp, and your valour in the field, we shall shortly have a famous victory over those enemies of my God, of my kingdom, and of my people UNQUOTE .

Below: We see the sails of the enemy approaching -- after the sails were gone, 10 days before.!!-  the LYING queen.



BAAAP  RE !

When the storm has passed I have seen cowardly and incompetent ship Captains suddenly becoming very brave.

Wanna swallow some more PRIME English bull ?

QUOTE:    Elizabeth was now the most sought after woman in Europe. She received offers of marriage from the King of Spain, Prince Eric of Sweden - soon to be king, The Archduke Charles (son of the Emperor Ferdinand), the son of John Frederic Duke of Saxony, The Earl of Arran, the Earl of Arundel, Francis, Duke of Alencon,  Duke of Anjou, Lord Robert Dudley and Sir William Pickering, who was so confident that he would be selected, that he demanded certain privileges be granted him while he stayed at the Court. Elizabeth politely rejected the offer made by King Philip, but allowed the other suitors to remain hopeful, while allowing her advisors to consider the advantages and disadvantages of each match. Yet, the only person, it seemed, who did not see the urgency for marriage, was Elizabeth herself. UNQUOTE

Hey, where is LORD FU#KLAND , he also wanted to marry gorgeous blushing Elizabeth 1 -whose face could launch a billion ships --nay -- Aircraft carriers !

TEEE   HEEEEEEEE !


OK,   let me scour the list of men who were desperate to LOBE—nay –love  bharjeen -nay- virgin Queen Elizabeth whose face could launch one million—nay—one billion aircraft carriers . 

SHOOOO—Shaggy, go away !

1534 Duke of Angoulme (third son of Francis I)
1543 Son of the Earl of Arran
1544 Prince Philip (Philip II)
1547 Sir Thomas Seymour
1552 Prince of Denmark
1553 Courtenay, Earl of Devonshire
1554 Philibert Emanuel, Duke of Savoy
1554 Prince of Denmark
1556 Prince Eric of Sweden
1556 Don Carlos (son of Philip II)

As Queen (1558-1584)

1559 Philip II
1559 Prince Eric of Sweden
1559 Son of John Frederic, Duke of Saxony
1559 Sir William Pickering
1559 Earl of Arran
1559 Henry Fitzalan, Earl of Arundel
1559 Robert Dudley
1560 King Eric of Sweden
1560 Adolphus, Duke of Holstein
1560 King Charles IX
1560 Henry, Duke of Anjou
1566 Robert Dudley
1568 Archduke Charles
1570 Henry Duke of Anjou
1572- 1584 Francis, Duke of Alencon, later Anjou.


With HAJAAR suitors, our Elizabeth played hard to get.

So here is a bonus song !



When the Spanish ships were at last sighted of The Lizard on 19 Jul 1588, the warning beacons were lit, speeding the news throughout the realm .

Sir Francis Drake was at the seashore playing a game of bowls. He got advance information even before the first sail of the approaching Spanish Armada came above the horizon  .  

 Drake has about 10 hours to get in front of the Spanish Armada as they were sailing in crescent formation towards the straits of Dover at a speed of 3 knots .  

The historians blames the tide of River Tamar in Plymouth and so Drake could NOT get his ships out   
Sorry as a ship captain of 30 years , I know how long each high and low tide lasts in Devenport harbor.  

The English ships slipped out of their harbour at Plymouth and, under cover of darkness, to get behind the Spanish fleet .  



When Sir Francis Drake was informed of the Armada's approach,  he replied that he had enough time to finish the marathon game of bowls he was playing on Plymouth Hoe and enough time to defeat the Armada- literally pissing off the people playing the game .



The white English historian and the Catholic hating Jew historians wrote . QUOTE : One of the most exciting contests was between Francis Drake in the Revenge and Duke of Medina Sidonia in the San Martin  UNQUOTE

BULLSHIT-


Francis Drake did NOT have the guts to risk his own ass.  Throughout his life he attacked using deceit and never personal courage. 

The Armada faced little opposition as it approached the coast of Cornwall on July 29th, 1588. It is recorded that Cornish fishermen fishing off the Lizard watched the Armada pass!

The Lord High Admiral of England, Howard of Effingham, though he had NIL experience in battle, took the command of a squadron with pirate Francis Drake used to sneaking up from behind , as his immediate subordinate- what do you expect ..






To celebrate the defeat of the Armada, a number of medals were issued. The most famous of these is the one with the legend: "1588. Flavit Jehovah et Dissipati Sunt" (with the word "Jehovah" in Hebrew letters – marking Jewish covert support ) = "God blew, and they were scattered".   The obverse displays a church building, symbolizing the Protestant Church, remaining unmoved in a storm (symbolizing the Armada invasion).


The persecution of English Jews dated back to the era of King Edward I.   In 1255 a number of Jews were imprisoned in the Tower of London awaiting execution for the alleged murder of Hugh of Lincoln.  Eighteen Jews were hanged. 

In 1270 anti-semitic feeling grew, until King Edward I decreed that the Jews were a threat to the country, decreed that all Jews must wear a yellow star to identify them in public.  All the heads of Jewish households were arrested, many taken to the Tower and executed.  Finally, in 1290 King Edward banished all Jews from England.

 The exile of Jews lasted until 1655, when Jewish scholar Manasseh ben Israel bribed Oliver Cromwell and got his assent for Jews to return to London.   In 1517, Martin Luther challenged the Church by nailing to the door of the Cathedral at Wittenberg his now famous “95 Theses,” i.e. questions regarding the Church – none of whi

h was very revolutionary at the time.  Nevertheless, the overreaction of the establishment guaranteed the success of the revolution.  Had the Church chosen to ignore it, people would have thought Luther was just another crazy monk.  However, they did not let it go, and gave fuel to his movement.

The local bishop immediately relieved him of his duties and sent a report to Rome, demanding that Martin Luther be excommunicated.  Luther, who had as sharp mouth as he did a pen, traveled throughout the towns of Germany stirring up controversy, one the established Church could not back down from.  

The Holy Roman Emperor Charles V called Luther to trial at the Diet of Worms, where the parliament met. He was allowed to defend himself, which was a mistake because his articulate defense of his ideas damaged the Church as much as anything.

Thus, the schism began.

All of the malcontents, including the peasants and lower classes, who had nothing to lose, joined in the revolution. It started in Germany but spread throughout Europe. Luther himself became much more radical, including abolishing the institution of celibacy for the clergy and marrying a former nun.

In short, he founded a new religion. The religion, however, took on different forms. In Germany it took the form of what became known as the Lutheran Church. In Switzerland, John Calvin introduced what would become known as Calvinism.  

In England, Henry VIII used it as an excuse to divorce Catherine and marry Ann Boleyn – which he later regretted.  His early letters in the 1520s regarding the Jews are extremely positive, as he was bribed by rich Jews . 

He spat out the words put in his bribed Protestant mouth -  “Jews were the only ones who properly saw the ills of the Catholic Church” .  


Oliver Cromwell was financed by the Jews. 

I will devote a separate post on Oliver Cromwell later.   

He was an agent of Edomite Jews who conspired to  usurp the throne of England out from under King Charles the II. They were not of the  blood line of Jacob/Israel but were in fact descendants of Esau/Edom as described in Genesis chapter 28. 

They were impostors who claimed  to be of the house of Israel and are referred to in Revelation 2:9 and 3:9 as jews, "which say they are Jews, (of the tribe of Judah) and are  not, but do lie," and the lie continues up to this present day!  

Bribed Oliver Cromwell played the Jewish ball and re-admitted the Jews to England in 1657. Soon, the economy of England began to suffer from the effects of Jewish usury, known as the thievery of   fractional reserve banking. 

Since that fateful day, the British people have slowly been bled of all their wealth and their vast empire. Cromwell slaughtered English Catholics while courting the foreign Jws.  

Poor Christian John Bull , he knows sh#t about his own history .

Drake never circumnavigated the globe, as the English historians and painters did FAKE propaganda



After his FAKE circumnavigation of the globe , Francis Drake returned home to England on 4 April 1581. He was by Queen Elizabeth I. But hey, she confiscated all his logs, charts, and writings . 

His claims of discovering new lands for Queen and country ( example- New Albion ) was ordered by the Queen to be considered a state secret.  

When Drake protested the Queen swore him and his entire living crew to silence on pain of death.  



Only years later, after England's “destruction” ( sic )  of the Spanish Armada did Queen Elizabeth allow an official account of Drake's voyage by Richard Hakluyt to be published.  

Richard Hakluyt was chosen by Moses Rothschild to be adviser to the East India Company, in which capacity he supplied them with maps and informed them as to spice markets.   




People think that the Rothschild stake in shipping started with Mayer Amshel .




Below: Drake's ship Golden Hind.



Sir Francis Drake's Plate of Brass is a HOAX – tom tommed by the lying English historians as posted upon landing in Northern California in 1579.


Three decades ago the scientists determined that the plate was a modern creation after it failed all modern  physical and chemical tests (  X-ray diffraction, stereo microscopy, metallurgical analysis.,gamma-ray absorption tests etc ). They even faked the spelling .




BEE IT KNOWNE VN TO ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS.
IVNE.17.1579
BY THE GRACE OF GOD AND IN THE NAME OF HERR MAIESTYQVEEN ELIZABETH OF ENGLAND AND HERR SVCCESSORS FOREVER, I TAKE POSSESSION OF THIS KINGDOME WHOSE KING AND PEOPLE FREELY RESIGNE THEIR RIGHT AND TITLE IN THE WHOLE LAND VNTO HERR MAIESTIEES KEEPEING. NOW NAMED BY ME AN TO BEE KNOWNE V(N) TO ALL MEN AS NOVA ALBION.
G. FRANCIS DRAKE
(Hole for sixpence)




We in India know how R faked all the Askoka edicts !   Emperor Ashoka who converted from BAAAD BAAAAAD Hindusim to GOODIE GOOD Buddhism , never existed .  We the oldest and the best record keepers on this planet never heard of Ashoka till the white invader came to India .


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

 On his voyage to interfere with Spanish treasure fleets, Drake had several quarrels with his co-commander Thomas Doughty . Drake accused him of witchcraft and charged him with mutiny and treason in a shipboard trial.

The whole idea was to allow no one else know about his FAKE log keeping .  

Drake claimed to have a  commission from the Queen ( FAKE )  to carry out such acts and denied Doughty a trial in England.  The main pieces of evidence against Doughty were the testimony of the ship's carpenter, Edward Bright, who after the trial was promoted to master of the ship Marigold.


Francis Drake had Thomas Doughty beheaded . This thing of a fleet commander beheading his co-commander is NOT allowed.  When the ship's chaplain Francis Fletcher in a sermon suggested that the woes of the voyage in January 1580 were connected to the unjust demise of Doughty,  Drake chained the clergyman to a hatch cover and pronounced him excommunicated. 

Drake led the second expedition to sail around the world in a voyage lasting from 1577 to 1580 (Magellan led the first voyage around the world). Queen Elizabeth I comissioned Drake to command the expedition together with Thomas Doughty.

They left Plymouth, England, on December 13, 1577, with six ships (including the Golden Hind).   They sailed to Brazil, and through the perilous Strait of Magellan . I have been through this straits several times and I know Drake’s accounts are bullsh#t .

Upon his return, the Queen rewarded Drake with a large sum of money (£10,000).



Sir John Hawkins was both a slave trader AND the Treasurer of Queen Elizabeth’s Navy.  In 1567 the  Francis Drake sailed to Sierra Leone in a fleet commanded by his cousin, John Hawkins.   



Here they bought, stole and captured thousands of black African slaves which they transported and sold for profit.



http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/05/black-african-slave-trade-and-jews-capt.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/04/indentured-coolie-slavery-reinvented.html


Below:   The brave Don Alonso Pérez de Guzmán, 7th Duke of Medina Sidonia .  Lying English historian and Jew accounts claimed that the Duke of Medina Sidonia was a fool and a coward who hid below decks in a specially reinforced room and kept vomiting into a barrel as he was always seasick ..




The British historian lied when they wrote that the Spanish feared Francis Drake and even went so far as to nickname him "El Draque" ( the dragon ).   

The liars praised the accomplishments of the stellar commander Elizabeth had chosen to head her fleet, her cousin Charles Howard, 2nd Baron Howard of Effingham, Earl of Nottingham ( below ). And how  Lord and high Admiral Effingham had HAJAAAR knowledge of sea battles ( when he had none ) and had wisely chosen Sir Francis Drake, an experienced privateer, as one of his principal advisors .




He was ridiculed for trying to capture one of the ships which ran aground and whose mast was broken. Howard served at sea under his father's command as a youth. Howard was knighted in 1572 and became Lord Howard of Effingham following his father's death in 1573. He was named as one of the commissioners to try Mary, Queen of Scots.




On 19 July Howard received the news that the Armada had been seen off Lizard Point, Cornwall. Two days after he wrote to Walsingham-  BULLSH#T OF THE FIRST ORDER :

QUOTE:  ...whereupon, although the wind was very scant, we first warped out of harbour that night, and upon Saturday turned out very hardly, the wind being at South-West; and about three of the clock in the afternoon, descried the Spanish fleet, and did what we could to work for the wind, which [by this] morning we had recovered, descrying their f[leet to] consist of 120 sail, whereof there are 4 g[alleasses] and many ships of great burden. At nine of the [clock] we gave them fight, which continued until one. [In this] fight we made some of them to bear room to stop their leaks; notwithstanding we durst not adventure to put in among them, their fleet being so strong. But there shall be nothing either neglected or unhazarded, that may work their overthrow. Sir, the captains in her Majesty's ships have behaved themselves most bravely and like me :UNQUOTE

On 7 August he updated Walsingham:   BULLSH#T OF THE HIGHEST ORDER , YET AGAIN !

QUOTE :  In our last fight with the enemy before Gravelines, the 29th July, we sank three of their ships and made four to go room with the shore so leak as they were not able to live at sea. After that fight, notwithstanding that our powder and shot was well near all spent, we set on a brag countenance and have them chase, as though we had wanted nothing, until we had cleared our own coast and some part of Scotland of them. And then...we made for the Frith, and sent certain pinnaces to dog the fleet until they should be past the Isles of Scotland, which I verily believe they are left at their sterns ere this...I must thank you for your favourable using of my brother Hoby. He telleth me how forwards you were to further all things for our wants. I would some were of your mind. If we had had that which had been sent, England and her Majesty had had the most honour that ever any nation had. But God be thanked; it is well. :  UNQUOTE

On 9 August Howard wrote that he believed the Armada would return because "they dare not go back with this dishonour and shame; for we have marvellously plucked them"

BAAAP  RE !




The lying white historian write that Duke of Parma's fleet was unable to reach the place of rendezvous by the time the Armada arrived due to the interference of Dutch forces under Captain Justin of Nassau.  Justin's fleet of thirty Dutch cromsters (small war ships) successfully hemmed in Parma's ships for the entire Battle of Gravelines . That Parma's ships were ill-prepared and were certainly no match for Justin's small, quick ships  --ALL BULL.

The Duke of Pharma did NOT want to release 30000 of his best soldiers and get his own ass fried back home .


Below: Alexander Farnese , Duke of Parma , Governor of the Spanish Netherlands from 1578 to 1592




Below:   King Philip II of Spain-  Philip's father arranged his marriage to 37-year old Queen Mary I of England. In order to elevate Philip to Mary's rank, his father ceded the crown of Naples, as well as his claim to the Kingdom of Jerusalem, to him.



The Jew historian screwed him in death .   They LIED – “His death, which was very painful, involved a severe attack of gout, fever, and dropsy (edema). For 52 horrific days the King deteriorated. He could no longer be moved to be washed because of the pain; thus a hole was cut in his mattress for the release of bodily fluids.”    



Philip II ruled a vast empire ( below – as of 1598 AD ).  They even reduced the size of his empire in N America.



Below: Present day USA - today the English speaking Hilly Billy white man treat Hispanics as third class citizens .- -and original inhabitants Red Indians are aliens.



76-year-old one-legged Giraud de Mauleon was Governor of Calais in 1588.  A Catholic hostile to the English, he lost his leg during fighting to recover Calais from the English in 1558.   Store ships of the Armada quickly replenished food and water at Calais.

The English fleet had a huge  advantage of home turf – close to English shores where stores, water , ammunition , man power could be replenished quickly.  

The English has a crypto –Jew Hector Nunes as a spy.   The Jews of Spain wanted  revenge on the Catholic Inquisition and the Catholic king of Spain . 

Hector Nuñez, was able to provide the British spymaster Francis Walsingham with foreknowledge and inside information of the Armada’s position and intentions.   He was friendly with King Philip 11 by virtue of being a physician .

Hector Nunez was a successful merchant and physician. He ran a hufe spy network of crypto-Jews . Their crypted messages came inside figs. The wife of Hector Nuñez, Leonara Freire, was in charge of the upkeep of a secret synagogue in Antwerp. .   

Nunes' large scale trading was a perfect cover for his espionage activities.  His spy network was exposed after the Spanish Armada went back to Spain. His spy brother-in-law in Madrid was later arrested.    


On the day the Armada set sail, Elizabeth's ambassador in the Netherlands, Valentine Dale, met Duke of Parma's representatives in peace negotiations- in vain . The English made a vain effort to intercept the Armada in the Bay of Biscay and lost all their ships in battle .


The English fleet outnumbered the Spanish, 200 ships to 119 while the Spanish fleet outgunned the English—its available firepower was 50% more than that of the English and of longer range .

The English fleet consisted of the 35 ships of the Royal Fleet (21 of which were galleons of 200 to 400 tons) and 164 other ships (30 of which were of 200 to 400 tons and carried up to 42 guns each), 12 of these were privateers owned by Lord Howard of Effingham, Sir John Hawkins and Sir Francis Drake.

Below:The mighty Spanish Armada . At  Calais shore batteries offered protection from English attack. The Spanish Armada had more than 2500 long range cannons on board their ships .  More than  95% of these these shipboard guns reached back Spain .




The COUNTER Armada ( English Armada of 1589 )had weakened the English Navy  .  Finally Elizabeths successor  James I (son of Mary Queen of Scots) opened negotiations in 1604, and secured a peace treaty - which gave Spain ALL  the concessions for which King Philip II had sent the Spanish Armada in 1588.


The failure of the Spanish Armada to invade London in 1588 did not represent a decisive Spanish defeat, nor did it in itself pose any challenge to Spanish naval power or King Philip’s war aims (which were principally directed against the Netherlands, France, and other theaters of combat on the European Continent).  

To truly inflict a decisive blow against Spain, England had to follow up the Armada’s repulse with an offensive of its own, and thus it was a little-known encounter in 1589 ( COUNTER Armada or the English Armada ) which got pulverized by Spain. Their previous year’s hero Sir Francis Drake again in a repeat cowardly manner did NOT risk his hide.

The lying English historian does NOT write allthis.  In June 1589 , the defeated English fleet limped back to Plymouth having suffered heavy casualties . They lost almost all their ships with 12000 loss of life. This was real combat and no English ship was lost in storms. The English Armada of 1589  had cost over £160,000. 

This was far more that what Spain lost the previous year in the hurricane off Ireland .  The English definitely did not rule the seas in the aftermath of the Spanish Armada, in large part due to the failure of its own Armada in 1589.  The Spaniards would remain the dominant sea power well into the 17th century, and when another nation assumed preeminence on the oceans, it would be the Dutch supplanting them in the late 1600s, not the English.  

The repulsing of the Spanish naval force may have given heart to the Protestant cause across Europe and the belief that God was behind the Protestant cause. This was shown by the striking of commemorative medals that bore variations on the inscription, "1588. Flavit Jehovah et Dissipati Sunt" - with "Jehovah" in Hebrew letters ("God blew, and they are scattered"), or He blew with His winds, and they were scattered.



Above :  Jehovah blew with His winds, and they were scattered is a famous phrase on the aftermath of the defeat of the Spanish Armada in 1588, when the Spanish fleet was broken up by a storm, which was also called the Protestant Wind.   The Jew spies got their rewards by  "Jehovah" in Hebrew letters, the Tetragrammaton יהוה). The obverse displayed a church building, symbolizing the Protestant Church, remaining unmoved in a storm (symbolizing the Armada invasion).

These Spanish Armada ships carried amongst other items; 180 priests; 728 servants; 11 million pounds (in weight) of ships biscuits; 40,000 gallons of olive oil; 14,000 barrels of wine; 600,000 pounds of salted pork; 11,000 pairs of sandals and 5,000 pairs of shoes—for their land campaign in London.. 

They lost all of it off Ireland when their store ships sank .  These store ships were large , broad , flat bottomed and heavy, and could not maneuver quickly under sail. 


The ships which sank in the hurricane off Ireland west coast did not intend to engage the English in a sea battle.  They were primarily troop transport for the 30, 000 soldiers of the Duke of Parma’s soldiers . 

Their major task was simply to carry armed men to a designated landing point up the Thames river and unload them to march on to London on foot and on horses.

The Spanish store ship Rosario lost her foremast ( lost rudder ) due to the impact of  grounding on a sand bank and was crippled .   The crew escaped at night in life boats.  The following morning Francis Drake and the crew of Revenge captured the crippled Rosario.  The escaping Spanish crew from Rosario left behind 55,000 gold ducats on board, which Francis Drake took possession of.

The Spanish store ship San Salvador also ran aground due to loss of rudder but was intact .  When Francis Drake sailed towards the grounded ship San Salvador to capture the prize, a tremendous explosion tore out its stern castle ( powder store ) and the Spanish crew escaped in life boats to the rest of the Armada.  The badly damaged San Salvador was captured by the English and towed to Weymouth.  

There are the only two Spanish ships lost in the battle ground and NOT sunk by the hurricane of Ireland.

If the Spanish Armada was NOT hit by the hurricane off the coast of north Scotland and west Ireland , the entire Spanish Armada would have attacked England again  . Their store ships were hugging the coast only to land ashore in Catholic Ireland where water and  food were arranged in secret .   Ireland was still Catholic and were ready to help the Catholic Spanish sailors .  

The Queen's government in Ireland feared nothing so much as an alliance between the Catholic Irish and the Catholic Spaniards. 

When the scattered ships of the Armada began to appear off the west coast in the first week of September the Lord Deputy and Council issued most stringent orders to all officers and loyal gentlemen that any Spaniard who landed on the soil of Ireland must be killed forthwith without mercy.   

Sir Richard Bingham, who was Governor of Connacht at the time, slaughtered all survivors on the Connacht coast except 'persons of rank' in the hope of securing ransom money. When the Lord Deputy of Ireland heard this he sent peremptory orders that these too must be killed, and this was done. Thus the stage was set for the slaughter that followed.


Even the English knew that Francis Drake and his men did NIL damage to the Spanish Armada as it passed up the English Channel. What the English did do was waste a lot of ammunition firing at the Armada and not having much of an impact as the Spanish ships had well built hulls that proved to be solid and long range guns.   

All lived the LIE and fell flat on their faces the next year during the counter attack. This was the reason why Francis Drake FAKED his death at Panama . The English public got to know what this dirty pirate sans character was up to and they were ready to give him a hostile treatment.


Drake was a coward because he preferred NOT to come in front of the Spanish Armada and preferred to be in the wake.  As the Armada sailed very very slowly at 3 knots up the English Channel, the attacks by Drake’s Plymouth fleet proved to be very totally ineffective. 

With the exception of two store galleons which ran aground due to loss of rudder the Spanish Armada retained 117 of their original 119 ships.


The Irish know that before the hurricane really hit the Spanish Armada few store ships went to what is  now called Armada Bay, south of Galway.   Those sailors who went ashore and picked up food and water.   But after they sailed out they were sunk by rough seas .



Below: LIES even in death !



Below: Modern day descendants of Spanish Armada horses which swam ashore south of  Galway.




Below: Irish Galway coast -  the seas roll on as they have done for millions of years -- dead men tell no tales !

On 15th September 1588 ,  4 Spanish store ships were wrecked on the Sligo coast, more than 600 bloated bodies were counted on the single stretch of beach.




Much later Hieronymus Karl Friedrich Baron von Münchhausen would spin bullshit and far fetched tales of his FAKE adventures like Sir Francis Drake.    Münchhausen's reputation as a storyteller has been exaggerated by writers, giving birth to a fully fictionalized literary character usually called simply Baron Munchausen.   

Münchausen syndrome is a term coined for such pathetic people. 



Mother Teresa was one –she suffered from a variation of this syndrome called MUNCHAUSEN SYNDROME BY PROXY.   Such a syndrome is usual to a woman who is sexually repressed, and received zero love in childhood.    

Münchausen syndrome by proxy (MSbP) is when a mother deliberately causes injury or illness to her own child to gain attention, sympathy or other psychological benefit.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/02/diabolical-ministering-angel-mother.html

Francis Drake was just a creation of the British desperate in need for heroes .

Below :  Don Pedro de Valdes, Admiral of the Spanish flagship Nuestra Senora del Rosario, surrenders his sword to Sir Francis Drake of the British navy on board the HMS Revenge in the English Channel, 1588.  A painting by Seymour Lucas.    A HUGE  AND  DISGRACEFUL  WHITE  LIE ! 



Author Steve Berry talks about his book "The King's Deception" on an American talk show,  and he alleges that Queen Elizabeth I was not a woman.    They showed a picture of her, and she really looks like a man behind all that thick white makeup and false orange hair.
      




In the book Steve Berry traces the idea of Elizabeth as a man to the legend of the Bisley Boy, which he heard in 2010 when he was in the village of Ely, north of London.

The legend says Princess Elizabeth died when she was 12 or 13 while living in the village of Bisley in Gloucestershire.   Her governess was so afraid of the girl's father, Henry VIII, she quietly buried the princess and substituted a boy from the village.

"For 300 years, up until the early part of the 20th century, the village of Bisley paraded a little boy dressed up as a girl. Why would they do that?"    Berry asked. "I was intrigued by this story. I knew there was a novel here, a great adventure for Malone."

"All her life she wore heavy face paint and wigs.   She wore clothing that hid her body and refused to allow doctors to examine her below the neck. Her No. 1 job was to have a child, but she refused. When she died (in 1603), her body could not be viewed or autopsied."

Below: Historian Steve Berry




Sir Francis Drake died of dysentery on January 27, 1596, aged 55 while anchored off the coast of Puerto Bello, Panama after an unsuccessful campaign as per official history.   What happened he just escaped with his treasure and melted away .




On the replica of Sir Francis Drake's ring, it says the co-ordinates are "9-32-79". The ring was supposedly made on the 29th of January in the year 1596, which is the date engraved on it.   After traveling around the world, Francis Drake was knighted and given the ring by Queen Elizabeth ( all bull !) .




The main inscription on the ring is "Sic Parvis Magna".  According to Nathan Drake, this was Francis Drake's motto, which means "Greatness From Small Beginnings".

The date inscribed on the ring is the 29th of January 1596, the day after Francis Drake supposedly died.  This is 100% proof that Francis Drake faked his death.


Also inscribed on the ring are the coordinates of Francis Drake's empty coffin,  found just off the coast of Panama, which contained his diary.  They have found two of his ships which were scuttled off the coast of Panama over 400 years ago following Drake’s death.




Here is the bullsh#t official version.

QUOTE:  The Spanish gunners from El Morro Castle shot a cannonball through the cabin of Drake's flagship, and he survived; but a few weeks later, in January 1596, he died of dysentery when he was about 55, while anchored off the coast of Portobelo, Panama.  Before dying, he asked to be dressed in his full armour. He was buried at sea in a lead coffin, near Portobelo. Divers continue to search for the coffin:  UNQUOTE

Wanna hear some English bull mixed with Jewish bull ?

Potent mix really !

QUOTE:  Examination of Spanish canon balls recovered from wrecks showed the Armada’s ammunition to be badly cast, the iron lacking the correct composition and too brittle, causing the balls to disintegrate on impact, rather than penetrating the hull. Several guns were found to have been badly cast and of inadequate composition, increasing the danger of bursting and killing or injuring the gun crews . Much of the ammunition recovered from the wrecks proved to be of the wrong calibre for the guns carried in the ships  UNQUOTE

This is how losers write history !


As part of the mobilisation of the South of England, the Earl of Leicester,  Elizabeth’s favourite and erstwhile English commander in the Netherlands, gathered 5,000 troops at Tilbury in the Thames Estuary after the Spanish Armada had crossed the North coast of Scotland and was on way back to Spain  .. 

The Queen reviewed Leicester’s force and spAke  “… I may have the body of a weak and feeble woman,  but I have the heart of a King of England.” ( Hey , are you sure about the body of a woman?)




What follows is a LIFT from the DAILY MAIL article before.  Today in this Internet age, the English cannot be fooled .  John Bull is sick and tired of LIES about the royals.


http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2337774/Is-proof-Virgin-Queen-imposter-drag-Shocking-new-theory-Elizabeth-I-unearthed-historic-manuscripts.html


WAS  QUEEN ELIZABETH 1  A  MAN ?

The bones of Elizabeth I, Good Queen Bess, lie mingled with those of her sister, Bloody Mary, in a single tomb at Westminster Abbey.    But are they really royal remains — or evidence of the greatest conspiracy in English history?

If that is not the skeleton of Elizabeth Tudor, the past four centuries of British history have been founded on a lie.

And according to a controversial new book, the lie began on an autumn morning 470 years ago, when panic swept through a little group of courtiers in a manor house in the Cotswold village of Bisley in Gloucestershire.

Could the virgin queen be a part of the biggest deception in British history?

The king, Henry VIII, was due at any hour. He was travelling from London, in great discomfort — for the 52-year-old monarch was grossly overweight and crippled by festering sores — to visit his daughter, Elizabeth.

The young princess had been sent there that summer from the capital to avoid an outbreak of plague. But she had fallen sick with a fever and, after weeks of bleeding, leeches and vomiting, her body was too weak to keep fighting. The night before the king’s arrival, his favourite daughter, the only child of his marriage to Anne Boleyn, had been dangerously ill. In the morning, Elizabeth lay dead.

Elizabeth’s governess, Lady Kat Ashley, and her guardian, Thomas Parry, had good reason to fear telling the king this awful news. It would cost them their lives. Four of Henry’s children had died in infancy and, of the survivors, one — Edward — was a sickly boy of five and the other an embittered, unmarried woman in her late 20s.

The ten-year-old Elizabeth was Tudor England’s most valuable child in many ways. She could surely be married to a French or Spanish prince to seal an international alliance — and her own children would secure the Tudor dynasty Henry so desperately craved.

Now she was dead, and when the king discovered it, Parry and Lady Ashley would surely be executed. Their sole duty had been to keep the princess safe: failure was treason. The penalty would not even be beheading, but death by the most gruesome torture imaginable.

They would be bound and dragged through the mud for a mile to the scaffold. There they would be hanged, cut down and disembowelled. Their entrails would be hauled from their bodies and held in front of their faces as they died, and then their limbs would be hacked off and displayed on spikes, to be picked bare by the birds.

Their only chance of concealing the truth, and perhaps buying themselves a few days to flee the country, was to trick the king.

Kat Ashley’s first thought was to find a village girl and dress her up in the princess’s robe, with a mantle, to fool the king. Bisley was a tiny hamlet, however, and there were no female children of Elizabeth’s age.

But there was a boy, from a local family called Neville. He was a gawky, angular youth a year or so younger than Elizabeth, who had been the princess’s companion and fellow pupil for the past few weeks.    And with no time to look further afield for a stand-in, Parry and Lady Ashley took the desperate measure of forcing the boy to don his dead friend’s clothes.

Remarkably, the deception worked. Henry saw his daughter rarely, and was used to hearing her say nothing.  The last time she had been presented in court, meeting the new Queen Catherine Parr, she had been trembling with terror.

The princess was known as a gentle, studious child, and painfully shy — not a girl to speak up in front of the king who had beheaded her mother.

So when ‘she’ stood at Bisley manor, in the dimness of an oak-beamed hall lit by latticed windows, it was not so surprising that the king failed to realise he was being duped.  He had no reason to suspect his daughter had been ill, after all, and he himself was tired and in pain.

But after he left later that afternoon, the hoax began in earnest. Parry and Lady Ashley realised that if they ever admitted what they had done, the king’s fury would be boundless. They might get out of the country to safety, but their families would surely be killed.

On the other hand, few people had known the princess well enough to be certain of recognising her, especially after an interval of many months. This boy had already fooled the king, the most important deception.

Meanwhile, there was no easy way to find a female lookalike, and replace the replacement. As the courtiers buried the real Elizabeth Tudor in a stone coffin in the manor grounds, they decided their best hope of protecting themselves and their families was to teach this Bisley boy how to be a princess.

Of course this entire theory sounds absurd, given that every child grows up with tales of our glorious Virgin Queen, celebrated by Shakespeare and venerated in innumerable plays, songs and films over the centuries.

And yet the many corroborating details around this extraordinary tale about the Bisley boy were enough to convince the 19th-century writer Bram Stoker, most famous as the author of Dracula. He included the story as the final chapter in his  book, Imposters.

Stoker had heard persistent stories that a coffin had been discovered by a clergyman at Bisley during the early 1800s, with the skeleton of a girl dressed in Tudor finery, even with gems sewn onto the cloth.

It seemed to chime with local legends persisting for centuries that an English monarch had been, in reality, a child from the village.

Above all, Stoker believed, it was the most plausible explanation  why Elizabeth, who succeeded to  the throne in 1558, aged 25,  never married.

Her most urgent duty, as the last of the Tudor line, was to provide an heir — yet she described herself as a Virgin Queen, and vowed she would never take a husband, even if the Emperor of Spain offered her an alliance with his oldest son.

She stayed true to that oath, provoking a war which almost ended in Spanish invasion in 1588. But Elizabeth did not waver — and never even took an acknowledged lover.

She was fond of proclaiming that she was more of a king than a queen. ‘I have the heart of a man, not a woman, and I am not afraid of anything,’ she declared.

Her most famous speech, to her troops at Tilbury as the Spanish Armada approached, was cheered to the skies as she roared: ‘I have the heart and stomach of a king, and of a king of England, too.’

American author Steve Berry believes Elizabeth could have been telling the literal truth — that she had the heart of a man, because her body was male. He has spent 18 months researching the conspiracy for his novel The King’s Deception, a Dan Brown-style thriller set in 21st-century London.

Could the real reason the 'Virgin Queen' never married was that she was secretly a man?

For Berry, who has written 12 thrillers, the trail began with a chance question during a tour of Ely Cathedral in Cambridgeshire three years ago. ‘I always ask if there are any secrets or mysteries, and the guide told me: “There’s nothing at Ely but I’ve heard an incredible rumour in the Cotswolds.” ’

Sceptical at first, Berry uncovered tantalising hints and references in books and ancient manuscripts.
When the ‘princess’ reached her teens, for instance, she was assigned a tutor named Roger Ascham, who was puzzled by her behaviour.

‘The constitution of her mind,’ he wrote, ‘is exempt from female weakness, and she is embued with a masculine power of application … In the whole manner of her life she rather resembles Hippolyte than Phaedra.’

That last, classical allusion was quite venomous: Phaedra was an ancient princess driven mad by her lust for men, while Hippolyte was queen of the Amazons, who lived without any need for men at all. Most convincing to Berry were the contemporary portraits, which are reproduced in his novel.

One picture exists of Elizabeth as a child, attributed to the court painter William Scrots. She had slender shoulders, a delicate neck and a heart-shaped face with ginger hair and eyebrows.

In the next known portrait, shortly after she was crowned queen, her broad shoulders and neck are disguised with heavy furs. She is wearing a wig, and her eyebrows are plucked bare. Her jaw is heavy and square.

All subsequent pictures of the queen were painted to an ideal, showing Elizabeth as she wished to be seen, not as she was.

Even the official portrait commissioned after her death by her chief adviser, Sir Robert Cecil, conformed to what was known as ‘The Mask Of Youth’ — the idealised face of the monarch, which never aged.

Many Tudor courtiers suspected that Elizabeth had a deep secret. Lord Somerset was the power behind the boy king Edward VI’s throne, after Henry VIII died in 1547 when Elizabeth was just 13.

One of his spies, Sir Robert Tyrwhitt, wrote to him: ‘I do verily believe that there hath been some secret promise between my Lady, Mistress Ashley, and the Cofferer [Thomas Parry, the principal officer of the court] never to confess to death, and if it be so, it will be never gotten of her, unless by the King’s Majesty or else by your Grace.’

In modern English: ‘I am certain Lady Ashley and Thomas Parry have a secret, and that there is a pact between them to take it to the grave. If that’s the case, the only people who could force them to divulge this secret are you and the King.’

Those were ominous words: only Somerset and the King had the right to put a suspect to the rack, using torture to extract information.

Bram Stoker believed it was the sheer scale of the deception that made it possible. When Elizabeth returned to London from Bisley, more than a year after she first left the court, it would have been treason for any sceptics to suggest ‘she’ was not the king’s daughter.

‘It is conceivable,’ Stoker remarked drily, ‘that in the case of a few individuals, there might have been stray fragmentary clouds of suspicion.

‘After a time, even suspicion became an impossibility. Here was a young woman growing into womanhood whom all around her had known all her life — or, what was equivalent, believed they had.’

Any differences in her appearance were dismissed as the natural effects of growing up. Elizabeth had been a timid child — now she was a bold and imperious adolescent.

As a little girl, she was exceptionally bright, poring over her books and learning as quickly as her tutors could teach her; now she was slower at her lessons and, though far from stupid, more academic plodder than prodigy.

Her tutor was warned to make her lessons shorter. Roger Ascham commented that the girl who had been said to soak up facts like a sponge was now more like a shallow cup — if wine was poured in too quickly, it would simply splash out again.

Kat Ashley and Thomas Parry — the pair who are suspected of carrying out the deception — remained loyal to the sovereign throughout their lives, as England’s political pendulum swung wildly after the death of Henry VIII.

During Edward VI’s reign, they were Elizabeth’s closest friends, and they stood by ‘her’ during her years of imprisonment in the Tower when her Catholic sister Mary was queen and decided the safest place for Elizabeth was under lock and key, where she could not threaten the throne.

When Mary died at the age of 42, one of Elizabeth’s first acts as queen was to make Lady Ashley her First Lady of the Bedchamber.

For the next seven years, she controlled all access to the young monarch. Elizabeth was devastated when Ashley died in 1565, and went into heavy mourning. Thomas Parry was knighted, and made a Privy Counsellor and Comptroller of the Household — the richest rewards Elizabeth could bestow.

He was a bad-tempered man who made many enemies, and few at court grieved when he died in 1560 — one wag said he expired ‘from mere ill-humour’.

Steve Berry believes the queen must have confessed her secret to her chief minister, William Cecil. The politician had a reputation for an almost supernatural ability to read people and discover facts: she needed Cecil to understand that a marriage would not just have  been pointless, it would have  been ruinous.

If her secret was betrayed, the country could be plunged into civil war. There was no obvious heir, and Mary’s former husband was now Britain’s greatest enemy, Philip II of Spain. Certainly, Cecil was surprisingly stoic about the queen’s determination never to wed.

Publicly, Elizabeth sometimes claimed that people needed to feel their monarch was wedded to the whole country, rather than one man. On other occasions, she hinted that the debacle of her father’s six wives, and her mother’s death at the block, had put her off marriage for life.

If those reasons sound flimsy, the queen’s determination to control her image was iron.

She wore thick make-up and heavy wigs at all times: no one was permitted to see her without them. 

And she controlled her succession with equal ruthlessness.

On her deathbed, she commanded that the crown must go to her cousin’s son — James VI of Scotland, whose mother was Mary Queen of Scots. But the command itself was cryptically worded: ‘I will have no rascal to succeed me, and who should succeed me but a king?’

Was there a hint in those words that for 45 years the figure on the throne had herself been a ‘rascal’, playing a part? Author Steve Berry believes there is only one way to discover the truth. After Elizabeth died in 1603, there was no autopsy.

Instead of a magnificent state funeral for the monarch the nation called ‘Gloriana’, the queen’s bones were interred with those of her sister in Westminster Abbey.

Berry points to the recent DNA analysis that proved that remains discovered under a Leicester car park were those of Richard III, who ruled a century before Elizabeth.

Such high-tech methods would not even be necessary to establish whether the bones in the Abbey tomb were all female, or whether a male skeleton was buried there.

‘Elizabeth’s grave has never been breached,’ Berry says. ‘Now it’s  time to open it up and see what’s  in there.’

Impostors usually pluck their eyebrows.

During the Computer vision class at ivy league university Cornell, ( my son is doing his ME there ) the professor suddenly popped a question.

Which is the most distinctive part of the human face?

Needless to say there are NO half wits in the computer science class – this class has the sharpest brains on the campus.  

Forty-four Nobel Prize winners have been affiliated with Cornell University.

Everybody came out with their own thing-- eyes, lips, nose --etc.

To everything the professor would say --NOPE!

When all probabilities were exhausted , the professor said " EYEBROWS!"


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/mona-lisa-and-her-eyebrows-capt-ajit.html



Elizabeth was interred in Westminster Abbey in a tomb she shares with her half-sister, Mary. The Latin inscription on their tomb, "Regno consortes & urna, hic obdormimus Elizabetha et Maria sorores, in spe resurrectionis", translates to "Consorts in realm and tomb, here we sleep, Elizabeth and Mary, sisters, in hope of resurrection"

Her half-sister was called BLOODY MARY as she was amazingly cruel and blood thirsty !   In 1554, Mary married Philip II of Spain, becoming queen consort of Habsburg Spain on his accession in 1556.   

Queen Mary 1 had decreed in her will that her husband King Philip II of Spain , be the King Of England during the minority of her child.   However, no child was born, and Mary was forced to accept her half sister Elizabeth 1 was as her lawful successor.  

Both Mary and Philip were descended from legitimate children of John of Gaunt, 1st Duke of Lancaster, by his first two wives, a relationship which made King Philip II as a legitimate Spanish speaking English king.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/mary-mary-quite-contrary-bloody-mary.html

Below: Queen Mary 1 was Catholic and she tortured the Protestants -earning the name Bloody Mary.


Elizabeth 1 and Mary 1 were buried at Westminster Abbey.

Below: They have cleverly removed her prominent Adam's apple ( manly throat protrusion ).



Above : Queen Elizaberth 1 tomb.




Below:  Jew bribed Oliver Cromwell was given an elaborate funeral at Westminster Abbey in 1658, only to be disinterred in January 1661 and posthumously hanged from a gibbet at Tyburn.    

The first thing the Jewish pawn Oliver Cromwell did after capturing command of the newly formed English Republic in 1649 was to give his army, which had finally toppled a succession of befuddled kings, something to do.  What Cromwell did then was to go to Ireland and butcher everyone in sight, thus starting a never ending war of Protestants and Catholics, conceived and executed by the Jewish bankers in Holland.       

The Jews by slimy deceit had  taken over England through bribery . They fanatically mutilated Ireland in perpetuity,  driving a huge wedge between John Bull Protestants and Catholics—the planet’s first FALSE FLAG ATTACK.   Even today jokes are made of Irish Paddy being stupid. 

The latest false flag attack is ISIS is doing the same thing in Iraq  between Sunni and Shias.

John Bull’s FAKE R conducted poll hero Winston Churchill ( whose mother Jennie Jerome is R family and Jewish ) , pretended to be appalled and ashamed of Oliver Cromwell, who after engineering the killing of the English king, inflicted such an atrocity on the Irish that it is remembered to this day with a blood-curdling hatred.


Let every John Bull Protestant know  this.  All the Protestant denominations today were initially sponsored by R controlled Jewish bankers in Holland to undermine the authority of the Vatican Church . Even the Catholic church is infiltrated today.

The Jews conquered England by means of religion a form of CULTURAL TERRORISM.  . Circumstances developed that a Catholic king was in line for the throne, so the Protestant Dutchman William of Orange married the daughter of the Duke of York, which eventually led to a new royal family.


Here is something for all Winston Churchill die hard John Bull supporters to chew on .  The Amsterdam Jewish bankers launched a frenetic campaign of bribing King James II’s leading aristocratic supporters.  

The kingpin of the bribed traitors was the Duke of Marlborough, John Churchill, ancestor of Winston Churchill. As head of the army, Marlborough’s support was crucial.  He accepted bribes of more than 350,000 pounds ( in those day ) from de Medina and (Moses) Machado.

Below:  Yes, this is the fat man sitting next to Roosevelt and Stalin in that famous photo from Yalta. All three were Jews   .  But for the Internet -- would the R monopolised  media, TV , Hollywood , encyclopedias , history books, school text books - ever told you this ?



The post World War I 1918 Versailles Treaty decimated Germany — causing a depression, enabling Jews to buy up vast amounts of German industry. It left Germans extremely bitter.

International Jewry, represented by 80 percent of those at Versailles, forced Germany to give a portion of their country — the Danzig Corridor — to Poland.

Hitler was pleading with Poland to give Germany a one mile access to their provence of East Prussia. Both parties were in agreement when in 1939 when Poland suddenly broke off all negotiations.

Roosevelt gave Churchill assurances that the USA would be brought into war against Germany. They secretly made a pact with Poland to come to their defense if Germany attacked.

The 1939 Danzig Massacres: The Polish Jewish Bolsheviks killed 58,000 German nationals in the Danzig corridor In the months leading up to the German invasion. Mass killings of thousands of civilian ethnic Germans (Volksdeutsche) by both civilian and Russian NDVK Jews, who were confident that Poland would quickly defeat Germany. 

Many apparently expected to take possession of German farms and businesses. An estimated 58,000 German civilians lost their lives in the massacres carried out prior to the 1939 invasion.

Poles had been merrily slaughtering anything or anybody German since at least as early as April 1939, with smaller incidents stretching back to the close of WW I — you haven't been told that by the R controlled Mass Media, or the fact that these atrocities were one of the main causes for the German invasion of Poland.

Polish Jews were confident they would win against Germany and went on a rampage of ' Blood Lust ' that was unmatched in the small town of Bromberg, which had been given to Poland by the Versailles Treaty. Groups of Bolsheviks attacked from Ponz, Lotz and Warsaw approached the town and started killing the farmers on the outskirts. Children were nailed to barns, women were raped and hacked to death with axes, men were executed where they stood.

On Bromberg Bloody Sunday, thousands of ethnic Germans were slaughtered like pigs in an alley because the majority "poles" (the "slavic", non-Teutonic types, really Turco-Ugaric, Hunnic, Tartar and Mongoloid residue from the old "Dark Age" invasions) knew they could do so with total impunity.

Bloodthirsty Polish Jewish Bolsheviks raped the women, and then killed them.  Then they forced the Germans into a church, and burned them alive, 3,500 of them.

The John Bull’s tale is basically a tale of two traitors both with surname Churchill . The older one killed the rightful British king and then slaughtered half of Ireland; and his descendant Winston Winston, who started bombing Germany the very day he took office.  And both of them working for the Jews alone .


John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough, Prince of Mindelheim, Prince of Mellenburg (26 May 1650-     16 June 1722 (aged 72) ) and British PM Winston Churchill’s ancestor’s career spanned the reigns of five monarchs.  

HIS WAS AN EXEMPLARY STORY OF RAGS TO RICHES , YES FRUIT OF TAKING JEWISH BANKERS BRIBES.  

The ancestor of PM Winston Churchill , John Churchill rose like a meteor from the rating of the lowest PAGE at the court of the House of Stuart.



The Jewish Encyclopedia admits that John Churchill for many years received not less than 6,000 pounds a year from the Dutch Jew Solomon Medina.

Prime Minister Sir Winston Churchill, asserted that the conditions at Ashe "might well have aroused in his mind two prevailing impressions: first a hatred of extreme poverty... and secondly the need of hiding thoughts and feelings from those to whom their expression would be repugnant."


The real objective of the "Glorious Revolution" was achieved a few years later in 1694, when the Royal consent was given for the setting up of the "Bank of England" and the institution of the National Debt. 

Economic machinery was set in motion which ultimately reduced all wealth to the fictitious terms of gold which the Jews control; and drained away the life blood of the land, the real wealth which was the birthright of the NOT SO BRIGHT John Bull. 

The Jew moneylenders must become millionaires; those who owned and worked the land, the naïve John Bull Englishman and the Scotsman, got ruined.

The NOT SO BRIGHT John Bull must read these 2 posts below-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/winston-churchill-henchman-or-hero-capt.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/02/when-lie-is-mightier-than-sword-capt.html

. . . our historians have only one goal, to obscure the past and prevent us from realizing the nature of the forces at work. —b Eustace Mullins, The Curse of Canaan, p. 27

 






THIEF Isaac Newton, was buried here on 4 April 1727 to provide legitimacy.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/01/isaac-newton-calculus-thief-capt-ajit.html



FRAUDSTER Charles Darwin, was buried here on 26 April 1882 to provide legitimacy .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/charles-darwin-and-his-apple-capt-ajit.html

In 1535, after King Henry VIII had declared himself Supreme Head of the Church in England, Pope Paul III excommunicated him and promptly declared him deposed. In those days a Catholic Pope, as head of the Christian commonwealth, could do this to an unjust king—though such a change of regime could only be effective if another king was willing and able to enforce it by invasion.

The Pope often told lies to suit his own selfish agenda and grab more power.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/secret-excavations-at-jerusalem-by.html

At the height of the Anglo-Spanish War the Spanish landed 3,500 troops in the south of Ireland to assist the Ulster rebel leader Hugh O'Neill, during the Nine Years' War (1594–1603).  Spain and England concluded a peace in 1604.  The treaty happened after a  nineteen-year Anglo-Spanish War .  
The Anglo–Spanish War (1585–1604) was an intermittent conflict between the kingdoms of Spain and England that was never formally declared.   England was utterly routed in the naval wars of English Armada( Counter Armada )  in 1589 and the Drake-Hawkins and Essex-Raleigh expeditions in 1595 and 1597 respectively.


The negotiations took place at Somerset House in London and are sometimes known as the Somerset House Conference.   After the death of Queen Elizabeth in 1603, her successor, James I, quickly sought to end the long and draining conflict.    King James was the  son and successor to Mary, Queen of Scots, whose execution had been a proximate cause of the conflict.  Philip III of Spain, who also had inherited the war from his predecessor, Philip II,  welcomed the offer .



Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 1, 2015 at 4:59 PM

EPILOGUE : ( the post on the Irish Catholics / Light brigade was getting too long - with comments column frozen - so this new subject will be a NEW post later )

A WHIFF ?

FOR THIS IS THE GREATEST BOMB BURST IN 500 YEARS ON THE RICHTER SCALE !!

JEWS CREATED PROTESTANT RELIGION USING THEIR SPONSOR KING HENRY VIII WHOM THEY FINANCED IN SECRET .

GERMAN MARTIN LUTHER WHO IS MADE OUT TO BE A GREAT ANTI-SEMIITE , BY ROTHSCHILD MEDIA AND PEERS , WAS A CRYPTO JEW .

THE CATHOLIC IRISH SUFFERED FOR GIVING SHELTER TO THE SHIPWRECKED CATHOLIC SURVIVORS OF THE SPANISH ARMADA – HISTORY IS A BIG LIE.

PICTURE BAAAKI HAI DOST !

HOW CHRISTIANS BOTH CATHOLICS AND WEDGED OUT PROTESTANTS WERE BOTH DRAGGED BY THEIR NOSTRILS AND SOLD IN THE CHINA TOWN WH0REHOUSE BY THE CRAFTY JEWS .

In 1512, the House of Mendes, had TOTAL monopoly of the pepper trade exported by the Calicut king ( my hometown ) recently encountered India, enabled it to open a branch office in Antwerp.

In 1498 Vasco Da Gama had landed in my hometown Calicut " discovering " India.

Crypto Jewess widow Dona Gracia Mendes, ( Senyora Beatrice de La Luna Nassi),was a great heroine for the crypto Jews Marranos,

Both posts below were getting too long— so this will be a new post.

Revelations now jump to 4.05% SUCH IS THE EARTH SHAKING VALUE OF THIS REVELATION .

BUT FOR THE INTERNET , YOU WOULD HAVE NEVER EVER KNOWN THIS-- IT TAKES A CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL TO REVEAL THIS .

THE BROTHER -IN-LAW OF THE SEYNORA DIOGO MENDES FINANCED SEXUAL PERVERT KING HENRY VIII AND CAUSED HIM TO WEDGE OUT PROTESTANTS FROM CATHOLIC CHRISTIANITY.

In 1532, Henry VIII intervened personally on crypto Jew Diogo’s behalf when Charles V arrested him in Antwerp on charges of subversive Judaism. .

NOW LIKE HOW WHEN REVEALED THAT YAZIDIS WERE HINDUS WORSHIPPERS OF LORD MURUGAN ( SON OF LORD SHIVA ) --

NOW , MARK MY WORDS , ALL ON THE INTERNET AND MAIN STREAM MEDIA-- ALL ARE GONNA USURP IT- AND CLAIM IT AS THEIR OWN REVELATION -- TRIPLE SRI EVEN RAN TO MEET THE YAZIDIS .

TEE HEEEEE !
,
http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/exhumed-truths-of-spanish-armada-and.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2015/02/the-charge-of-light-brigade-exhuming.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/11/mary-mary-quite-contrary-bloody-mary.html

King Henry VIII died in 1547 and spent his last few days in bed, too weak to even to lift move his fingers. His sick room was filled with a nauseating, terrible stench .

Legend has it that sometime during the night the coffin burst open and when the sentries found him, dogs were licking his gangrene laden remains.

A disgusted Frair Peto had once prophesied that "...dogs will lick his bones as they did Ahab's." and this legend appeared to fulfil this prophecy.

His penchant for rampant sex -- terminated his bloodline -- and the English crown passed over to the King of Scotland James VI.

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************
DISSENT ON CYBER SPACE NOT AN OFFENCE , MODI GOVT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DEFAMATION CYBER LAW SECTION 66A OF IT ACT IN INDIA ,    CENSORING INTERNET ,    LOYALTY TO WATAN (MOTHERLAND) AND NOT TO A PERSON ON THE THRONE / CONSTITUTION  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Dissent-on-cyberspace-no-offence-Centre-says-in-SC/articleshow/45555326.cms

SUBJECT :  Dissent on cyberspace no offence, Centre says in SC. --Dec 18, 2014, 02.16 AM IST

NEW DELHI: The Centre on Wednesday told the Supreme Court that mere political dissent or criticism through social networking sites could not be a ground for arrest of the author but maintained that Section 66A of Information and Technology Act was meant to deal with those who threaten to harm others physically and culturally.

This stand would provide much needed relief to the cyber citizens as many in the past had been hounded by law enforcing agencies for posting "objectionable" posts in the social networking sites.

Sources in the government said the government's stance was prompted by a direct intervention by Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Sources said during deliberations, Modi made a strong pitch for complete freedom of expression on social media, saying that the provisions of the IT Act should be read in conformity with the Article 19(2) of the Constitution which guarantees free speech.

READ ALSO: 2 girls arrested for harmless online comment

Internet service providers, through senior advocate K K Venugopal, said that in a democracy the government should not have power to order them to take down some material posted on their sites as such a provision was prone to be misused for political purposes.

Additional solicitor general Tushar Mehta, citing the recent case of Twitter handle on which offensive messages on behalf of radically fundamental ISIS group were being posted, argued that such a provision was needed. 

But he said: "Mere political dissent or hot discussion cannot be a ground for taking action against the social networking sites and people who post such message." "This is the only media which is censor free. Emergency would have been a big fiasco had there been social media at that time," Mehta told a bench of Justices Chelameswar and S A Bobde.

The ASG also stressed that there were very few cases when the government has asked the service provider to remove such contents, even as he made a case for "reasonable" curbs.

"If through a twitter post, people are asked to join terrorist organization, then there is a reasonable ground to ask the service provider to remove the material," Mehta said.

He also said that if someone initiated action against service providers for posting "obscene" contents then there would be no protection under IT Act and the case would be adjudicated by the court.

READ ALSO: Online posts against Narendra Modi spell trouble

Venugopal said his clients should also be given protection under freedom of speech and expression as they were also part of dissemination of knowledge and information. He questioned how a government could direct them to remove the material within 36 hours and said such directions were "signs of dictatorship" impermissible in a democracy.


The arrest of two Mumbai girls for their post in facebook criticizing the bandh call on Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral day had led to their arrest. This had spurred a college girl, Shreya Singhal, to move the apex court challenging the validity of Section 66A.



####################################

SUBJECT : Dissent on cyberspace no offence, Centre says in SC .

###############
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Dissent-on-cyberspace-no-offence-Centre-says-in-SC/articleshow/45555326.cms

WE HAVE BOLLYWOOD SUPER STARS RINGING UP THEIR PET TOP POLICE OFFICERS TO APPLY CYBER LAW 66 A ON PEOPLE WHO TRY TO PROTECT BHARATMATA FROM EVIL FOREIGN FORCES . .

LAWS OF INDIA CANNOT BE USED TO RECEIVE AN EGO MASSAGE . . PM MODI GETS ABUSED DAILY, BUT YOU HAVE TO TREAT THESE STAR SON SUPERSTARS LIKE GOD . . 
TRUTH SPEECH BY DESH BHAKTS TO SAVE BHARATMATA CAN NEVER BE HATE SPEECH OR DEFAMATION . .

the undersigned was harassed for giving early warning of indian tribals being subjected to UNTESTED CHEAP GENERIC DRUGS , which was being pushed by a bollywood superstar on a popular foreign funded TV program on sundays . .

THIS THING OF BOLLYWOOD STARS DANCING FOR MUMBAI POLICE ( UMANG ) MUST BE STOPPED , AS THERE IS A CLEAR POLICE MAFIA NEXUS DEVELOPING BEHIND THE SCENE -- WHICH HAS BEEN PROFILED AND DOCUMENTED BY OUR SECURITY AGENCIES . .

WHY IS THIS BEING CONDONED ?

CAN THE BOLLYWOOD STARS DANCE FOR INCOME TAX DEPARTMENT WITH A NEW NAME LIKE TARANG ?

I AGREE HARD PRESSED MUMBAI POLICE DESERVES A GOOD DEAL - LET IT BY A SALARY HIKE AND BETTER FACILITIES FOR THEIR WIVES AND CHILDREN .

RAJNATH SINGH MUST KNOW THAT UNDERWORLD BOLLYWOOD FUNDING INCLUDES ENORMOUS MONEY FROM PAKISTAN . 

NEW BOLLYWOOD MOVIES ARE RELEASED WITH TOP POLITICIANS ATTENDING FIRST SCREENING . . . 

KYA HO RAHA HAI ? . .

Below:  Special screening of PK 




WHEN MY SHIP WAS A KARACHI, I WAS SURPRISED TO GET CDs OF MOVIES NOT YET RELEASED IN INDIA ON THE BLACK MARKET - I GOT IT ON BOARD AND SAW IT MYSELF TO BELIEVE IT .

BUNTY SIBAL AND HIS 66A TO PROTECT THE WAITRESS AND HER NOT SO BRIGHT SON , MUST BE IN ITS RIGHTFUL PLACE- THE GARBAGE BIN OF INDIAN HISTORY .. .

HOWEVER MODI MUST NOT ENCOURAGE PEOPLE WITH ANONYMOUS NAMES AND IDs TO MAKE COMMENTS ON NATIONAL NEWSPAPERS . .

BHARATMATA IS BEING BLED BY DESH DROHI HASBARAS WHO STAY ABROAD WITH HINDU NAMES . .

MAKE IT COMPULSORY THAT ALL COMMENTS / POSTS ON INTERNET MUST HAVE REAL NAME AND PHOTO . 

right now we can see comments on times of india , where anonymous people threaten to kill the PM of India . . can this happen in USA . ?

punch into Google search -
.. . .HASBARA PROPAGANDA ON SOCIAL MEDIA VADAKAYIL . . .

capt ajit vadakayil

..

#####################

A CYBER CASE VIDE IT SEC 66A WAS SLAPPED ON CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL BY AAMIR KHAN  , AND HIS SUNDAY SHOW SATYAMEVA JAYATE  ( SEASON 1 ) .

I was accused of telling LIES that funding received by SATYAMEVA JAYATE was going to HUMANITY TRUST which sponsors building of mosques and madrassas , while the money for being collected for a greater good .  

But here is the advertisement of HUMANITY TRUST DOT COM , which i saw on the internet Humanitytrust.com domain is registered in 2009.




In their complaint Aamir Khan and SMJ clarified that their donations go to HUMANITY TRUST HOSPITAL DOT ORG and not DOT COM .

Here is what HUMANITY TRUST HOSPITAL DOT ORG has to say .  They clearly declare that they have nothing to do with SMJ or AAMIR KHAN .



Humanitytrust.org domain was registered in June 2012 and expired in June 2013. 

Humanityhospital.org domain is registered in Jan 2011





ALL THAT WAS REQUIRED WAS FOR AAMIR KHAN AND SMJ TO CLARIFY THE DIFFERENCE IN PERCEPTION - AND THAT WOULD HAVE CLOSED THE MATTER .  

WHAT WITH SO MUCH CONFUSION ABOUT DOT COM / DOT ORG / TRUST AND HOSPITAL WITH HUMANITY TRUST BEING  COMMON .

FOR THIS INNOCENT CONFUSION ,  I WAS ARRESTED AND RELEASED AT THE SAME TIME . 

CYBER POLICE CAME TO MY HOUSE ( WHOSE ADDRESS I PROVIDED BY SMS AND EMAIL ) , WHILE ALL NEWSPAPERS TOM TOMMED THAT I WAS NABBED  .  

I MUST CONFESS THAT I WAS TREATED WITH GREAT RESPECT BY THE CYBER POLICE BEING A SHIP CAPTAIN FOR 30 YEARS AND A VALUABLE CHILD OF BHARATMATA -  

--AND I KNOW MUMBAI CYBER POLICE WILL READ THIS POST TODAY -- THANK YOU FOR BEING KIND AND PROFESSIONAL GENTLEMEN  !   INDIAN POLICE IS USUALLY ASSOCIATED WITH RUDE AND CRUDE BEHAVIOR .  

IF THEY HAD TREATED ME SHABBILY I DO NOT KNOW HOW I WOULD HAVE REACTED OUT OF LOSS OF FAITH IN THE INDIAN SYSTEM - (  and i am a writer with my own powers ). 

EVERY POST OF MINE HAS MY PICTURE, AND I HAVE PROVIDED PHOTOS OF MY FAMILY AND HOME -- WHERE IS THE QUESTION OF BEING NABBED ?  

AND I WAS VERY SURE THAT WHOEVER FILES AN FIR FIRST IS NEVER THE WINNER -- AS MOST THIEVES ( CHECK OUT THE ROHTAK SISTERS ) RUN TO POLICE STATION FIRST . 

BUT ANOTHER GUY ( who also told about humanity trust ) WAS IN HIDING FOR NEARLY A YEAR - HE EVEN SOLD HIS HOUSE AND WAS UNEMPLOYED .  

WHAT IS ALL THIS ? 

ARE WE A DEMOCRACY ? 

ARE WE A FREE COUNTRY ? 

DO WE HAVE THE RIGHT TO A POINT OF VIEW AS PER OUR CONSTITUTION ?  

(  freedom of speech and expression is guaranteed under Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution )

HOW DOES CALLING AAMIR KHAN A NAUTANKIWALLAH BECOME DEFAMATION ? 

HE WAS CALLED BY THE SAME NAME BY SO MANY TOP POLITICIANS OF TV AND THE RELEASE OF FANAH WAS DELAYED ( NARMADA DAM ISSUE ) .  

So Modi can be called MAUTH KA SAUDAGAR by the waitress -- but high and mighty Aamir Khan cannot be called nautankiwallah by SOFT TARGETS - while HARD politicians are exempted?  
Nautankiwallah means ACTOR in our national language  .  

I have NOT called Aamir Khan KABULIWALLAH .

What was the need to over react when in the same offending post, I have clearly mentioned that I am a big fan of his movies ?  

I even gave a video of Ghajini movie song in the same para .  

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wQ4M_AH465Y

Today I do NOT care for him and so does a VERY large number of my own fans  . Aamir Khan must know that I have more fans that him, based on my readership statistics . 

He is an actor  - I am a FOURTH PILLAR OF DEMOCRACY writer  ( who is NOT a writer's son - and came up on merit in just 4 years to be India's No 1 blogger  ).

By the way a sensible person will know that I am NOT anti-Islamic . 

So what if mosques and madrassas ( who hoist the national flag on 15th Aug ) is made ?   Why has Aamir Khan taken it in a negative sense ? Did I say mosques and madrassas breed terrorists ?

My own two sons studied in a Muslim majority school ( 92% Muslims in school).   

Today my eldest son is doing very well on this planet-- just to show that a Muslim school can also produce assets for Bharatmata -- NOT just Love Dale , Doon or Mayo whatever .  

People have asked me, if you are such a desh bhakt , why is your son in USA?   I reply -- I want him to know what he is worth.  I know what I am worth because I traveled this planet for 3 decades as a ship captain and 4 decades as a sailor ..  

Today my son represents his firm ( has the best office campus on this planet  ) in stock holders meetings - the only dark skinned man in a 7 star hotel conference hall of hundreds of rich men and women .  All stare at him as if he should NOT be there . 

When my mother asked me why I am enrolling my elder son in a Muslim majority school , I asked her a counter question -- when you put me in a Catholic majority school ( St Joseph's Anglo Indian Girls High School, Calicut )  what were you thinking ?

I scouted around lost of schools in Calicut , and I chose this Muslim school , just because I felt the children were happy . The other schools , the children appeared to be under the rule of heavy discipline .  

I went to a school where while sitting in the principal's chambers , a young 6 year old boy was ushered in and the female principal blasted the small boy for not bringing his fees - and the terrified boy cried out loud . I immediately got up and walked out with my shocked wife in tow.

When I went to the Muslim school, for admission in LKG,  I passed a Class 2  class room on the way to the principal's room with Math problems on the black board.  My wife told me that my son knows all that  as she taught him on the ship  .  So I told the principal-- my son can do the math on the board of the Class 2 class room. which is three divisions higher  .

He immediately called the LKG class teacher and asked him, if she wants to ask my son any math questions based on the black board-- she placed my son on her lap , kissed him and said - NOPE !

Below: Ever heard of bonny AMUL babies ?



My son passed out of this school 12 years later, with the trophy for the BEST ALL ROUND BOY .  



Henceforth EGO POWERED DEFAMATION CASES ( CYBER IT SECTION 66A ) must have SEVERE reverse punishment for wasting the time of the judiciary .

What really transpired ?

It is our family custom that our PITRU PAKSHA and SHRADDH we donate free breakfast/ lunch / dinner to any LARGE orphanage / govt hospital / mental home .   Religion is NOT an issue as most of these places in Calicut have a big percentage of Muslims.

So this time we decided to donate to HUMANITY TRUST of SATYAMEVA JAYATE –  the TV show run by Aamir Khan.

On searching for the Internet donation site , we found HUMANITY TRUST DOT COM.

On checking out what this trust does it was found that this Islamic organization builds Madrassas / Mosques etc.

The DEFAMATION charge?

QUOTE:  or claiming on blogs and a website that proceeds from the show were being used to build mosques, thereby accusing Aamir of promoting Islamic fundamentalism. UNQUOTE

( THE HIGHLIGHTED WORDS ARE PATHETIC LIES  )-

I HAVE NOT ACCUSED AAMIR KHAN OF ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM AND AND SO, -

IT WOULD HAVE GONE AGAINST AAMIR KHAN IN COURT  -  FOR MY LAWYER IS A WINNER ,  AND HE REFUSED AN OUT OF COURT SETTLEMENT OFFERED BY THE JUDGE  .

 (  WHY DOES AAMIR KHAN  THINK MOSQUES AND MADRASSAS PROMOTE ISLAMIC FUNDAMENTALISM  -- THESE ARE HIS OWN WORDS AND OWN FEELINGS  )

I checked out the first FIVE pages of google search—and did NOT find any other organization with the same name , as FAKE sites swindle money on the Internet .

Later SMJ clarified that their donation trust is HUMANITY TRUST DOT ORG.( not dot COM )

Now if I or any other man on this planet , were in the shoes of AAMIR KHAN we would be happy , right ?

WHY IS AAMIR KHAN FURIOUS ?

What is the catch?

Why should he be furious when some one tells him that a DUPLICATE site is making money on his FAIR NAME ?

If anybody does NOT agree with me the time to tell is now !

My blogsite does NOT make any money— I do NOT allow advertisements, though I can make a fortune by doing so. .

There are many other sites using variants like ajitvadakayil1 / ajitvadakayil2/ ajitvadakayilmyson etc . 
Some of them make money using my name , by allowing advertisements.

I knew of all this through my readers . When they told me ,I was happy.  

If I were Aamir Khan I would be furious ?

Why should I be furious when some one tells me that a DUPLICATE site is making money on my FAIR NAME ?

HOW DOES IT AMOUNT TO DEFAMATION?   INSTEAD, I MUST BE GRATEFUL, RIGHT ?

THIS IS THE MEANING OF PERCEPTION !

THIS IS WHY I STARTED THIS BLOGSITE—TO TEACH “PERCEPTION” TO THE GOOD DENIZENS OF THIS PLANET.

This HUMANITY TRUST DOT “ORG” DID NOT COME UP ON THE PAGES ON ANY INTERNET SEARCH ENGINE EVEN A YEAR AFTER MY FIRST SEARCH .

Yes, I called him NAUTANKIWALLAH ( for crying in every episode ).

Yes, I had said a few unsavory truths about KNIGHT IN SHINING ARMOUR selling Coke one year and Pepsi the next year  which has given the children of India fatty liver disease).

All my posts have juicy SAILOR LANGUAGE – as I have been a sailor for 4 decades and in command of ships for 30 years –  in fact I hold the world record as a ship captain.

I put some F words deliberately in my blogs -just to show that I am NOT a paid up PRESSTITUTE of the MAIN STREAM MEDIA .   

I do NOT even correct the spelling mistakes though my computer underlines these words with a wavy red line --just to show that I have NO boss over me .

I WARN NARENDRA MODI--  ALLOW FREEDOM ON THE INTERNET ONLY TO PEOPLE WHO PUT THEIR OWN PHOTOS ON THE POST WITH PROPER NAME  AND ID .

IF YOU ALLOW ANONYMOUS HASBARAS SITTING IN PAKISTAN AND ISRAEL UNBRIDLED FREEDOM OF SPEECH -  BHARATMATA WILL BLEED !

INSTRUCT MAIN STREAM MEDIA NOT TO ALLOW ANONYMOUS COMMENTS ON THE INTERNET . 

THE INDIAN MAIN MEDIA DELETES DESH BHAKT COMMENTS WHICH HELP BHARATMATA - HOWEVER THEY ALLOW DESH DROHI COMMENTS WHICH ABUSE BHARATMATA/  ANCIENT INDIAN HISTORY,  THREATS TO PM MODIs LIFE  etc  .

I ASK ONE OF MY READERS TO POST THIS ENTIRE BLOG BY THE LINK IN MODIs, SWAMYs, RAJNATH SINGHs, PRASADs WEBSITES .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/dissent-on-cyber-space-not-offence-modi.html


Below: Hitler saab, sue mat kar -- please--kindly--

 

I am a Tevez fan.   He plays for soccer club Juventus.  Carlos Tevez is known as the PEOPLEs CHAMP in Argentina .

 http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/tevez-mancini-fight-advise-to-soccer.html



Below: Bunty Sibal wanted to gain the goodwill of the waitress--and hence we got 66A 
 !





CHECK OUT THE LINK BELOW:--
  


www.sacw.net | March 24, 2005

Text of citizens statement re the Indian Prime minister's comments in the Rajya Sabha following refusal of US Visa to Narendra Modi

We express our shock and anger at the stand taken by the Prime Minister Dr. Manmohan Singh in the Rajya Sabha on the issue of refusal of visa to Mr. Narendra Modi by the USA.  

He has said that it is not proper for any agency to form its opinion on the role of Sh. Modi in the 2002 Gujarat genocide based on mere allegations.  Sh. Singh needs to be reminded that it was the NHRC which had castigated Mr. Modi and his state government for having aided and abetted the act of genocide of Muslims in Gujarat in 2002, and it was the Supreme Court of India that had opined that the Modi government cannot be relied upon to bring about justice to the victims of the carnage.

More than 50 national and international agencies of high credibility with their painstaking investigation had held Mr. Modi directly responsible for the act of genocide. 

The Prime Minister needs to come clean on this issue. Does he hold a considered opinion that the observations made by the NHRC and the Supreme Court of India are to be treated with contempt as shown by him in his Rajya Sabha speech?

Mr. Modi's policies of hatred should not be legitimised even by association. Mr. Modi is no ordinary elected leader. He has become infamous for his active abetment in the most brutal massacre since India became free, of a segment of the citizens of his state. 

His notoriety has deepened in the past 3 years because he remains completely unrepentant for these crimes, including the mass slaughter and rape of hundreds of innocent women and children, and instead has openly fought elections from a platform of hate. 

He has deliberately subverted the process of justice, that have attracted unprecedented structure from the Supreme Court of India.

We continue - to harbour grave disquiet about the militaristic and chauvinistic policies of the current US government itself, most notably in Afghanistan and Iraq. George Bush and his cohorts cannot be the arbiters of human rights.

We commend the untiring efforts of NRIs and human rights activists in the US and in India who mobilized public opinion and pressurized the US administration which led to the denial of Modi's visa. For those who claim that the international community has no role to play in the Gujarat carnage since it is a matter internal to the Indian nation, we would like to remind them that by the same logic, the entire world should have remained a mute spectator as millions of Jews were imprisoned and executed in concentration camps by the Nazi government.

For those who claim that any insult to any elected official is an insult to the entire nation, we would like to remind them that Hitler, who is reviled even today, was also an elected official. 

There is nothing more insulting to the Indian nation than the pogroms that took place in Gujarat, and the fact that their main architect, Sh Narendra Modi, still continues to enjoy the powers and privileges of the Chief Minister in that state, while the Prime Minister of the country rushes to his defence.

It is a matter of great shame that even 10 months after having assumed power the UPA government has done nothing to ensure justice to the victims of Gujarat genocide. It has taken no steps to instill a sense of security and confidence among the displaced, raped, and maimed minorities of Gujarat who have been left to fend for themselves. No financial and legal aid has been arranged by the Central government for them and it is treating the whole Gujarat genocide as a routine state matter.

The statement by Dr. Manmohan Singh adds insult to the injury suffered by the Genocide victims of Gujarat, and is an affront to those NRIs and human rights activists in the US whose unflagging pressure on the US administration resulted in the denial of Mr. Modi's visa. That Dr. Singh should feel compelled to come out openly to speak for an organizer of mass murder who feels no remorse for his role shows that Dr. Singh has lost all sense of propriety. The statement also shows that the government wants to remain neutral on the question of communalism.

We, as people who are committed to secularism and human rights in India, feel betrayed and would like to take this opportunity to express our sense of despair that the political formation which is in power at the centre lacks any sense of moral responsibility and moral courage.

On behalf of the dead and living victims of Gujarat genocide and on behalf of the sections of civil society which have worked for the defeat of the communal forces we demand an apology from Dr. Manmohan Singh for having humiliated the wronged citizens of India by issuing a highly insensitive and irresponsible statement defending Mr. Narendra Modi.

March 21, 2005
Released by
Shabnam Hashmi - ANHAD, Delhi >





On behalf of:

1. Aamir Khan- Actor, Mumbai
2. Aditya-Ceo, Ekgaon Technologies
3. Admiral Ramu Ramdas- Member, National Integration Council
4. Adv. Aradhana Bhargava- Mahatama Gandhi Sansthan, Madhya Pradesh
5. Adv. Rajendra K. Sail-Pucl, Chattisgarh
6. Agnesh Murmu-Gram Sabha Seva Sansthan,Jharkhand
7. Ajeet Caur, Writer, Delhi
8. Ajit Kumar-Arise, Aurangabad
9. Akshay Sail -Rcdrc, Raipur
10. Alladi Sitaram-Emeritus Professor, Indian Statistical Institute
11. Allwyn D' Silva- Documentation Research And Training Centre,Mumbai
12. Amal Charles -,Step, Secundrabad
13. Amar Farooqui- Reader, History Dept, Delhi University, Delhi
14. Amar Jyoti- Activist, Chennai
15. Amita & BCF Team
16. Amrit Gangar-Film Critic, Curator,Mumbai
17. Amrita Chhachhi, Delhi
18. Anand Kumar- Ncdhr
19. Anand Patwardhan-Film Maker, Mumbai
20. Anant Krishna-Researcher, Hyderabad
21. Aneesh Pradhan-Musician, Mumbai
22. Angana Chatterji-Professor of Anthropology, San Francisco, USA
23. Anil Chaudhary-Indian Social Action Forum, Delhi
24. Anjum Rajabali-Script Writer, Mumbai
25. Anu Chenoy- Academician,JNU
26. Anup Sanda- National Alliance of People's Movements, Sultanpur, UP
27. Anurag Chaturvedi-Journalist, Mumbai
28. Anwar Ahmad
29. Apoorvanand- Reader, Delhi University
30. Aradhana Seth- Vienna. Austria.
31. Arjun Dev- Historian, Delhi
32. Arpana Caur- Painter, Delhi
33. Arundhati Dhuru - National Alliance of People's Movements, Lucknow, UP
34. Arvind Krishnaswamy- Insaaniyat, Mumbai
35. Arvind Kumar- National Alliance of People's Movements, Mau , UP
36. Ashis Nandy-CSDS, Delhi
37. Ashish Garg- Regional Coordinator-India, World Links, New Delhi
38. Ashok Kumar Dalai-Maitree Samaj, Orissa
39. Ashok Vajpeyi, Writer, Delhi
40. B.Mahesh
41. Bhashwati- Activist, Hyderabad
42. Bishakha Datta-Documentary Filmmaker And Writer, Mumbai
43. Cedric Prakash - Director, Prashant(Centre For Human Rights Justice And Peace, Gujarat
44. Chandita Mukherjee-Film Maker, Mumbai
45. Chitra Singh- Animal Rights Activist, Bhopal
46. Chitranjan Singh-PUCL, Allahabad
47. Colin Gonsalves-Human Rights Law Network
48. Damini Tiwari- Student, Mumbai
49. Dayamani Barla -Freelance Journalist, Jharkhand
50. Deepak Singh-Managing Director - Iram, Ex Member - I-Congo (Indian Confederation Of NGOs)
51. Digant Oza- Senior Journalist, Ahmedabad
52. Dilip Kumar- Veteran Film Actor, Mumbai
53. Dilip Simeon-Academician, Delhi University
54. Dr Zafarul-Islam Khan- Editor, The Milli Gazette Newspaper, New Delhi
55. Dr. Amar Jesani- Medico Friend Circle, Forum For Medical Ethics Society, Mumbai
56. Dr. Seema Parveen-Institute of Social Sciences, Lucknow
57. Dr. Umakant-Ncdhr
58. Dr. Virendra Vidrohi -MMSVS, Rajasthan
59. Dr.Saroop Dhruv -,Darshan , Ahmedabad
60. Farah Naqvi- Independant Writer And Activist, Delhi
61. Farida Khan
62. Firozkhan Pathan-Dallas, Taxes, USA
63. Francis Parmar, Principal, St Xaviers College, Ahmedabad
64. Gauhar Raza-Documentary Film Maker, Poet, Delhi
65. Gorakshnath Dhanwate-Prerna Krida Mandal, Maharashtra
66. Govind Singh Mahra-Uttarakhand Van Panchayat,Sarpanch Sangathan,Uttranchal
67. Harsh Kapoor-South Asia Citizens Web, France
68. Harsh Mander-Writer, Social Activist, Delhi
69. Hema B.Rajashekhar
70. Hemant Tiwari, Uttranchal
71. Henri Tiphange, People's Watch, Chennai
72. Hiren Gandhi,Theatre, Samvedan Cultural Programme, Ahmedabad
73. Hyder Khan, Chairman, Supporters Of Human Rights In India (SHRI), Minneapolis
74. I.M.Bhana
75. Imtiazuddin- Exec Dir, Coalition For A Secular And Democratic India, Chicago
76. Indira Arjun Dev-Acaedemician, Delhi
77. Irfan Ahmed ,Lok Manch, Aurangabad
78. Irfan Habib-Historian, Delhi
79. Jaba Menon- One Worldnet, Delhi
80. Janette Sunita- Tarshi, Delhi
81. Jaswinder Singh Mand, Journalist, Nawa Zamana, Jallandhar
82. Javed Akhtar-Lyricist, Mumbai
83. Jawed Naqvi-Journalist, Delhi
84. Jaya Sharma
85. Juli Queen Mary Selvakumar,-Arise, Tamil Nadu
86. Jyoti Bose, Principal, Springdales School, Delhi
87. K. L. Moyo -Save The River Movement, Nagaland
88. K.N.Sasi -Vaikom, Kerela
89. Kabir Vajpeyi-
90. Kalamani-
91. Kalyani Upendranath Baske-Nagpur Diocesan Dev. Assn. (Ndda), Maharashtra
92. Kamal Mitra Chenoy- Professor, JNU
93. Kandala Singh- Youth For Peace
94. Karthik Bezawada,Principal, Crictv Llc
95. Karuppan-
96. Khalid Azam-Coalition Against Genocide, USA
97. Kiran Shaeen- Head Communication, New Delhi
98. KN Panikkar-Academician, Trivendrum
99. Lahrc, Surat
100. Lalit Babar- Dalit Activist, Mumbai
101. Lalita Ramdas-Activist, Maharashtra
102. Laxmaiah of CDS
103. M. J. Jose-Dawn Trust . Kerela
104. M.Mandal-Activist, Hyderabad
105. Mahesh - National Alliance Of People's Movements, Lucknow
106. Mahesh Bhatt, Producer & Director
107. Manas Jena- Development Initiative, Orissa
108. Manasa Patnam-Youth Forpeace
109. Manjula Sen-Freelance Journalist, Mumbai
110. Manoj Kumar- Belgium
111. Mansi Sharma-Anhad
112. Marry E.John-Women's Studies Programme, JNU
113. Martin J Shah- Prog Officer, RUPcha, Delhi
114. Martin Macwan- Navsarjan, Gujarat
115. Meera Velayudhan-Utthan
116. Mitu Pati-Suprabat, Orissa
117. Molana Hanif -,Mewat Vikas Shiksha Samiti, Rajasthan
118. Mouttoucannou , PUCL, Kerela
119. Moyna Manku-Youth For Peace, Hyderabad
120. Mrinalini Tiwari, Student, Mumbai
121. Mukul Dube, Free Lance Writer, Delhi
122. Mukundan C. Menon,Secretary General,(CHRO)
123. N.D.Pancholi- The Amiya & B.G.Rao Foundation, New Delhi
124. Nafisa Ali, Actress, Activist, Delhi
125. Nandita Das-Actress, Delhi
126. Nandlal Master- National Alliance Of People's Movements, Varanasi
127. Nanjundaiah,Nisarga Foundation, Mysore
128. Nasirriddin Haider Khan,
129. Naveen Siromoni,Creative Director,Karpediem Design Pvt Ltd
130. Neha Patel, TARSHI, Delhi
131. Osama Manzar- Director, Digital Empowerment Foundation
132. P. Joseph Victor Raj,Holistic Approach For People'S Empowerment,Hope, Pondicherry
133. Paul Divakar, NCDHR, Hyderabad
134. PD John- Policy Institute, Washington DC
135. Prabha,-Tarshi, Delhi
136. Praful Bidwai, Senior Journalist, Delhi
137. Pramila Loomba- Vice President, NFIW, Delhi
138. Prashant Bhushan-Advocate Supreme Court, Delhi
139. Praveen Mote,Samatha, Hyderabad
140. Priti Verma- Human Rights Law Network
141. Prof. Dipankar Home,Dept. of Physics, Bose Institute, Kolkata
142. Ra Ravishankar, University of Illinois
143. Ra Ravishankar, University of Illinois, USA/St1:Country-Region>
144. Raghu Tiwari ,Aman
145. Rahul Ram, Singer
146. Rajim Tandi,Mukti - Niketan, Chattisgarh
147. Ram Kumar-
148. Ram Punyani, Ekta, Mumbai
149. Ramesh Ali Beasant , Ambedkar Lohia Vichar Manch , Cuttack
150. Reuban Raj-Center For Education & Social Services, Madurai
151. Rish Raj Singh, Entrepreneur, Bhopal
152. Ruchira Gupta, Executive Director,Apne Aap Women Worldwide
153. Ruth Manorma- Dalit Activists, Tamil Nadu
154. S Faizi, Environmentalist, Thiruvananthapuram
Dr. Henry Thiagaraj, Managing Trustee, Dalit Liberation Education Trust & Founder Of Human Rights Education Movement
155. S K Thorat- International Institute of Dalit Studies
156. S. Sreekant, Deed - Development Through Education, Karnataka
157. Saeed Patel, NRI-SAHI
158. Sahir Raza-Youth For Peace
159. Sameer Singh, Media Planner
160. Sandeep Pandey- National Alliance of People's Movements, Lucknow, UP
161. Sangram Keshari Mallik,Manav Adhikar, Orissa
162. Sanjay Singh- National Alliance of People's Movements, Sutanpur, UP
163. Sarup Dhruv -Theatre, Darshan, Ahmedabad
Utkarsh Kumar Sinha-Ccrs (Centre For Contemporary Research & Studies), Lucknow
164. Sarup Dhruv, Darshan, Ahmedabad
165. Sehba Farooqui- Gen-Sec, National Federation Of Indian Women (NFIW), Delhi
166. Shabnam Hashmi -Social Activist, Member, National Integration Council,Delhi
167. Shalini Gera-Activist, USA
168. Shamanthaka David,Cord, Karnataka
169. Sharda, Deed, Karnataka
170. Sheba George, SAHR WARU
171. Shekhar,Samvad, Jharkhand
172. Shiamala Baby ,Forum For Women's Rights & Development (Forword), Chennai
173. Shibi Peter,Youth Institute For Leadership Training, CSI Youth, Kerela
174. Shivali, University of Illinois,USA
175. Shoba Ramachandran, Books For Change, Bangalore
176. Shubha Mudgal, Musician, Delhi
177. Snehaprabha Mallick,Sc - St Village Welfare Dev. Yojana, Orissa
178. Sofia Khan, Advocate, Ahmedabad
179. Sohail Hashmi, Documentary Filmmaker
180. Sonia Jabber, Film Maker, Delhi
181. SP Udayakumar, South Asian Community Centre For Education And Research, Nagercoil
182. Stalin K., Filmmaker.
183. Subhendu Bhadra- Promise of India
184. Sujata Tiwari, Anticounterfieting, Mumbai
185. Suma Josson, Mumbai
186. Sunil Deshmukh36 Northwind Drstamford, Connecticut, USA 06903
187. Sunil Kumar Singh , Lok Manch, Aurangabad
188. Suresh Wasnik,Peace - Peoples Education Ass For Community & Environment, Karnataka
189. Swami Agnivesh
190. T.Jayaraman, Scientist, TIFR
191. Tarun Tejpal, Tehelka, Delhi
192. Than Singh
193. Thomas Pallithanam
194. Tk Ramachandran-Kerala
195. U. Radha Priyadarshini, Sabala, Kurnool
196. Uma Ashish Nandi
197. Vijay Pratap Singh , Social Activist, Delhi
198. Vimal Thorat, Ncdhr, Delhi
199. Vinay Kumar Dalit Bahujan Samaj
200. Vincent Manoharan, NCDHR, Hyderabad
201. Vishwanath, Judav, Jharkhand
202. Wilfred,INSAAF, Ahmedabad
203. Yunus Khimani, Professor, National Institute of Design, Ahmedabad
204. Zubair Patel, Gujarati Muslim Association of America

http://www.sacw.net/DC/CommunalismCollection/ArticlesArchive/anhad21032005.html

  
MODI SAAB , I KNOW YOU WILL READ THIS -- KYA HO RAHA HAI ? 

The rest of the 204 people in the list above still throw garbage at you - at least they are NOT hypocrites .





Modi saab - are you a hypocrite? 

SUBJECT:  Contempt law threatens freedom  .-KATJU
#####################

WELL DONE KATJU SAAB !

Kerala MLA MV Jayarajan did NOT call the judge a fool.

He used as very restrained word SHUMBHAN -  -  same meaning in Sanskrit and Malayalam  - DENSE INSIDE THE HEAD   ( not too bright ).

QUOTE :  if they have any self respect they should resign and step down from their office. … Unfortunately, what some DENSE IN THE HEAD people occupying our seat of justice say is nothing else. … :UNQUOTE

OUR CONSTITUTION ALLOWS EVERY CHILD OF BHARATMATA TO EXPRESS HIS POINT OF VIEW . . .

IT IS DUE TO THIS FUNDAMENTAL RIGHT,  THE PEOPLE OF INDIA WERE ABLE TO REJECT THE JUSTICE BANNERJEE RULING THAT A HINDU WOMAN SET THE RAILWAY COMPARTMENT S6 OF SABARMATI EXPRESS ON FIRE AT GODHRA  -- -with 4000 witnesses . . .

THE LAWS PERTAINING TO CONTEMPT OF COURT MUST BE REPEALED . .

THESE LAWS WERE INTRODUCED BY THE  OPIUM DRUG RUNNING OWNER OF BRITISH EAST INDIA COMPANY GERMAN JEW ROTHSCHILD TO SUBVERT THE SYSTEM USING HIS PET JUDGES , WHOM HE KNIGHTED . .


are the judges god ?  .

do they not see how much PM narendra modi  ( MAUTH KA SAUDAAGAR ) is taking daily ?

YET IF YOU DONT CALL A JUDGE MeLORD  - HE WILL TRY TO PUT YOU IN JAIL FOR CONTEMPT OF COURT .

TELLING THE TRUTH, TO SAVE BHARATMATA IS NOW DEFAMATION AND HATE SPEECH  VIDE 66A OF THE IT ACT ( BUNTY SIBAL TO PROTECT MADAME ) -- MIND YOU WE HAVE JUST COME OUT OF 800 YEARS OF SLAVERY . . .

FOREIGN FUNDED DESH DROHIS ARE RUNNING WILD IN INDIA .

DESH BHAKTS CANNOT DARE TO EXPOSE DANGERS THE WATAN IS FACING . . .

THE INDIAN JUDICIARY IS GUILT OF SEVERE OVER REACH IN RECENT TIMES . . .

THEY ORDERED INTERLINKING OF RIVERS WITH A DEADLINE -- WHEN THEY ARE JUST ONE PILLAR AMONG FOUR OF INDIAN DEMOCRACY . . .

OUR CONSTITUTION AND OUR LAWS DO NOT ALLOW THIS .  . .

WE NEED TO PULL DOWN THE PILLAR OF JUDICIARY AND ERECT IT AGAIN, USING JURY SYSTEM . . .

KARUNANIDHI EVEN HAD HIS PET DALIT JUDGE ASHOK KUMAR , WHO CRIED WHEN  KARUNANIDHI WAS ARRESTED , ASKING,  IS YOUR HEART MADE OF MUSCLE OR MUD !!

In USA contempt of court , long ago fell foul of the 1st Amendment and is dismissed as  English foolishness   - it was contempt against a JEW ROTHSCHILD APPOINTED JUDGE actually . . .

In UK there is NO contempt of court since the 1930s--  and was formally abolished a year ago . .

Capt ajit vadakayil

..
##################################
Student arrested for Facebook Post

A class 11 student has been arrested for posting on facebook an alleged statement of Mr. Azam Khan, U.P. Minister.

I have perused the post. It is certainly objectionable, and Mr. Azam Kan has denied making such a statement.

The statement says " Secularism and love of nation is forbidden in Islam ". This is certainly objectionable, and is likely to incite communal feelings. Even if it has only been shared, that makes no difference. In a country with so much diversity as ours we must take care not to hurt the feelings of any community. To say that love of the  nation is forbidden in Islam is bound to hurt the feelings of Muslims, the vast majority of whom are as patriotic as the vast majority ofHindus.

 However, in my opinion, instead of arresting the boy the better course of action would have been for Mr. Azam Khan  to have denied issuing such a statement, and asked for removal of that post from facebook.

 It may be mentioned that arrest is not a must in every case where an F.I.R. of a cognizable offence is registered with the police. This is obvious from section 157 (1) Criminal Procedure Code. which reads :

"  157. Procedure for investigation

(1) If, from information received or otherwise, an officer in charge of a police station has reason to suspect the commission of an offence which he is empowered under section 156 to investigate, he shall forthwith send a report of the same to a Magistrate empowered to take cognizance of such offence upon a police report and shall proceed in person, or shall depute one of his subordinate officers not being below such rank as the State Government may, by general or special order, prescribe in this behalf, to proceed, to the spot, to investigate the facts and circumstances of the case, and, if necessary, to take measures for the discovery and arrest of the offender; "

The use of the words  "and, if necessary "  in the above provision clearly indicates that it is not incumbent on the police to arrest in every case, rather it is discretionary.

 In Joginder Kumar vs. State of U. P. A.I.R. 1994 S.C. 1349 ( see online ) the Supreme Court observed : " No arrest can be made because it is lawful for the police officer to do so. The existence of the power to arrest is one thing. The justification for the exercise of it is quite another.The police officer must be able to justify the arrest apart from his power to do so. Arrest and detention in police lock-up of a person can cause incalculable harm to the reputation and self-esteem of a person. No arrest can be made in a routine manner on a mere allegation of commission of an offence made against a person. It would be prudent for a police officer in the interest of protection of the constitutional rights of a citizen and perhaps in his own interest that no arrest should be made without a reasonable satisfaction reached after some investigation as to the genuineness and  bona fides of a complaint and a reasonable belief both as to  the person's complicity and even so as to the need to effect arrest.  Denying a person of his liberty is a serious matter. "

 Thus the Supreme Court has held that arrest is not a must in every case. In the same decision the Supreme Court has noted that the National Police Commission in its Third Report has observed that 60% arrests in India are unnecessary or unjustified, and that arrests are a major source of corruption in the police.

 In my opinion arrest was unnecessary in this case, and the boy should have been let off with a warning and told to remove the objectionable post.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KlbSEwnzajY
Posted by Justice Markandey Katju at Wednesday, March 18, 2015 
#########################################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil19 March 2015 at 05:39
KATJU SAAB,

CELEBRITIES RING UP THEIR FAVOURITE TOP POLICE OFFICERS , TO PUNISH PEOPLE WHO HAVE HURT THEIR EGO . .

SEC 66A , IS ALL ABOUT EGO MASSAGE IN PUBLIC . .

NONE OF THESE POLICE OFFICERS WHO CURRY FAVOUR WITH THESE CELEBRITIES KNOW THE " MAGISTRATE " RULE , NOR THE JUDGES OF THE LOWER COURTS WHO GIVE BAIL OR SEND THE ACCUSED TO UNDERTRIAL JAIL .

JUST ONE FIR AND THE POLICE ARREST - WITHOUT THE NEED OF A MAGISTRATE RULING . .

This is obvious from section 157 (1) Criminal Procedure Code. which reads :
" 157. Procedure for investigation

(1) If, from information received or otherwise, an officer in charge of a police station has reason to suspect the commission of an offence which he is empowered under section 156 to investigate, he shall forthwith send a report of the same to a Magistrate empowered to take cognizance of such offence upon a police report and shall proceed in person, or shall depute one of his subordinate officers not being below such rank as the State Government may, by general or special order, prescribe in this behalf, to proceed, to the spot, to investigate the facts and circumstances of the case, and, if necessary, to take measures for the discovery and arrest of the offender; "

The use of the words "and, if necessary " in the above provision clearly indicates that it is not incumbent on the police to arrest in every case, rather it is discretionary.

IT IS GOOD THAT YOUR BROUGHT THIS GLARING LOOPHOLE, TO THE LIMELIGHT . .

EGO MASSAGE OF CELEBRITIES BY POLICE AND JUDICIARY MUST BE INVESTIGATED . OUR NATION IS GOING TO THE DOGS .

HERE IS A SAMPLE CASE-

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/12/dissent-on-cyber-space-not-offence-modi.html

capt ajit vadakayil
..
ReplyDelete
#############
http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/india/Day-after-boys-arrest-for-Facebook-post-on-Azam-Khan-parties-protest-police-excess/articleshow/46616335.cms

CYBER LAW IT SEC 66A HAS BEEN REDUCED TO CELEBRITIES SHOWING THEIR CLOUT WITH TOP RANKING POLICE OFFICERS ---

-- AND DEMANDING A PUBLIC EGO MASSAGE . . .

THIS MUST STOP . . . 

punch into Google search - - 
. . . . . . . DISSENT ON CYBER SPACE NOT AN OFFENCE , MODI GOVT VADAKAYIL . . . . .

capt ajit vadakayil
..



EPILOGUE-     MARCH 24TH 2015

################################################

SC quashes Section 66A of IT Act: Key points of court verdict

The Supreme Court on Tuesday quashed Section 66A of the Information Technology Act, which provides the government power to arrest a person for posting allegedly "offensive" content on websites. Here are key points of the SC judgment.

What is Section 66A

Section 66A reads: "Any person who sends by any means of a computer resource any information that is grossly offensive or has a menacing character; or any information which he knows to be false, but for the purpose of causing annoyance, inconvenience, danger, obstruction, insult shall be punishable with imprisonment for a term which may extend to three years and with fine."

3.
Section 66A violates Article 19(1)(a) of Constitution

The SC said Section 66A of the Information Technology Act was violative of Article 19(1)(a) of the Constitution guaranteeing freedom of speech and expression.

4.
Terming liberty of thought and expression as "cardinal", a bench of justices J Chelameswar and R F Nariman said, "The public's right to know is directly affected by section 66A of the Information Technology Act."

5.
Govt can still block websites

The court, however, allowed the government to block websites if their contents had the potential to create communal disturbance, social disorder or affect India's relationship with other countries.

6.
What may be offensive to a person may not be offensive to the other

"How is it possible for law enforcement agency and others to decide as to what is offensive and what is grossly offensive? What may be offensive to a person may not be offensive to the other," the SC bench said.

7.
Terms used in 66A are quite vague

The court said terms like "annoying", "inconvenient" and "grossly offensive", used in the provision are vague as it is difficult for the law enforcement agency and the offender to know the ingredients of the offence.

8.
The bench also referred to two judgments of separate UK courts which reached different conclusions as to whether the material in question was offensive or grossly offensive.

9.
Govt can't give an undertaking about its successor

The SC bench rejected the assurance given by NDA government during the hearing that certain procedures may be laid down to ensure that the law in question is not abused. The government had also said that it will not misuse the provision. "Governments come and go but section 66A will remain forever," the bench said, adding the present government cannot give an undertaking about its successor that they will not abuse the same.

10.
Shreya Singhal moved court for repeal of Section 66A

The court was moved by one Shreya Singhal in 2012 following the arrest of two girls, Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, for posting comments critical of the Mumbai shutdown following the death of Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray.




Supreme Court strikes down Section 66A of IT Act which allowed arrests for objectionable content online

Amit Choudhary & Dhananjay Mahapatra,TNN | Mar 24, 2015, 10.50 AM IST

NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday declared Section 66A of Information Technology Act as unconstitutional and struck it down.

This section had been widely misused by police in various states to arrest innocent persons for posting critical comments about social and political issues and political leaders on social networking sites.

The court said such a law hit at the root of liberty and freedom of expression, two cardinal pillars of democracy.

The court said such a law hit at the root of liberty and freedom of expression, the two cardinal pillars of democracy. The court said the section has to be erased from the law books as it has gone much beyond the reasonable restrictions put by the Constitution on freedom of speech. The Supreme Court said section 66A was vaguely worded and allowed its misuse by police.

The court, however, upheld the validity of section 69B and the 2011 guidelines for the implementation of the I-T Act that allowed the government to block websites if their content had the potential to create communal disturbance, social disorder or affect India's relationship with other countries.

However, the court watered down section 79 of the I-T Act making it further difficult for the police to harass innocent for their comments on social network sites.

The SC delivered its judgment on a bunch of petitions filed in the light of misuse of the penal provision by government authorities against persons who allegedly uploaded offensive posts on social networking sites.

The petitioners, including NGOs, civil rights groups and a law student, had argued that Section 66A violated citizens' fundamental right to freedom of speech and expression. The first petition was however filed by a law student Shreya Singhal.

The government had opposed the plea for quashing the provision saying it is meant to deter people from uploading grossly offensive material which can lead to lawlessness by inciting public anger and violence.

Justifying the retention of the provision, the Centre had told the apex court that the impact of the internet is much wider and restriction on this medium should be higher in comparison to print and TV.

It had said, unlike print and electronic media, the internet did not operate in an institutional form and there was need for some mechanism to put checks and balances.

The government had said the provision could not be quashed just because of its potential misuse. Posting pictures and comments on social networking sites which hurt religious sentiments could not be tolerated and people must be prosecuted, it said.


Former attorney general Soli J Sorabjee, who appeared for one of the petitioners, termed the judgment a 'glorious vindication' of right to free speech. He spoke to the TOI after SC bench of Justices J Chelameswar and R F Nariman struck down section 66A as unconstitutional. Sorabjee said: "The judgment is well researched, well reasoned and erudite in expression. It is a glorious vindication of freedom of expression."
*********************************************************************
REMOVE THE WORD SECULAR FROM THE INDIAN CONSTITUTION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

WORD SECULAR PROPPED UP BY FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs AND THE BENAMI INDIAN FRONT MEDIA TO BLEED BHARATMATA .



Above:   India is  NO different .  In India crying out for help or telling the truth is HATE SPEECH and DEFAMATION  -- and the foreign supari fed PRESSTITUTE  MEDIA is in cahoots .   As soon as a Hindu converts his loyalties shift to Saudi Arabia,  Portugal,  Italy , Israel and England - they get irritated and angry ( includes the main stream media  ) when a Hindu praises ancient India .


Naveen Periasamy
December 24, 2014 at 1:25 AM

I and many others here have been repeatedly posting against Visa on Arrival in Modi and Swamy's twitter pages. Swamy watches and replies to defend Ambedkar, but doesn't give a sh#t about VoA.
######################

hi np,

people who pray to and praise BR Ambedkar , EVR Periyar etc -- God help these ignoramuses.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/cnn-ibn-poll-greatest-indian-since.html

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/07/hinduism-in-bali-turn-of-tide-and-hindu.html

IN EVERY GOVT COLLECTORATE, POLICE STATION AND JUDICIAL COURT IN INDIA , YOU FIND THE PORTRAIT OF BR AMBEDKAR  -  -  KEPT THERE BY THE WHITE INVADER  DAYS BEFORE HE LEFT INDIA IN 1947 . .

CAN YOU IMAGINE BRITISH KEEPING PICTURES OF A MAN WHO IS ALIVE ?

AT LEAST THEY KEPT STATUES OF SAI BABA ( SHIRDI ) AFTER HE DIED.

With the 42nd Amendment of the Constitution of India enacted in 1976, the Preamble to the Constitution asserted that India is a secular nation.

 The people of India have freedom of religion, and the state treats all individuals as equal citizens regardless of their religion.

 In matters of law in modern India, however, the applicable code of law is unequal, and India's personal laws - on matters such as marriage, divorce, inheritance, alimony - varies with an individual's religion.   Muslim Indians have Sharia-based Muslim Personal Law, while Hindus, Christians, Sikhs and other non-Muslim Indians live under common law.

MUSLIMS CAN MARRY 4 WOMEN, BUT THEIR HANDS WILL NOT BE CHOPPED OFF - THE BEST OF BOTH WORLDS IS WHAT THEY GET . 

INDIA WAS DIVIDED TO ACCOMMODATE INDIAN MUSLIMS -  BUT MUSLIMS WHO STAYED BACK IN HINDU INDIA NOW WANT THE ENTIRE CAKE.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/09/uniform-civil-code-in-india-capt-ajit.html

WHEN BR AMBEDKARITES  ( DALITS )  BURN BUSES AND GOVT PROPERTY NOTHING HAPPENS TO THEM-- THEY ARE PROTECTED SPECIES, LIKE PENQUINS .    

TODAY THE NE PEOPLE GET DRUNK AND GET INTO FIGHTS. IF YOU GIVE BACK AS GOOD AS YOU GOT , YOU WILL BE IN JAIL , FOR YOU HAVE FOUGHT AGAINST A PENQUIN .

INDIAN CONSTITUTION MUST TREAT ALL CHILDREN OF BHARATMATA THE SAME.

UNELECTED ( CHOSEN BY DESH DROHI FOREIGNERS ) RELIGIOUS PERSONALITIES INTERPRET OUR LAWS. 

67 YEARS AFTER INDEPENDENCE WE HAVE UNEQUAL CITIZENSHIP . 

WE HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO SEPARATE RELIGION AND STATE.

INDIAN RELIGIONS HAVE ALWAYS CO-EXISTED TILL ISLAM AND CHRISTIANITY CAME.

IF YOU GO TO AJANTA / ELLORA / ELEPHANTA CAVES YOU CAN SEE MANY DIETIES IN ONE SINGLE CAVE.

Islamic rulers in India treated Hindus as dhimmis in exchange of annual payment of jizya taxes, in a sharia-based state jurisprudence. With the arrival of Mughal era, Sharia was imposed with continued zeal

In 1937 Indian Muslim Personal Law (Shariat) Application Act, instead of separating state and religion , did the reverse -- they established the principle that religious laws of Indian Muslims can be their personal laws.  

Let them do it in Pakistan ,why do it in India after 1947 ?

The Indian Muslim Personal Law (Shariat) Application Act of 1937 continues to be the law of land of modern India for Indian Muslims, while parliament-based, non-religious uniform civil code passed in mid-1950s applies to Indians who are Hindus (which includes Buddhists, Jains, Sikhs, Parsees), as well as to Indian Christians and Jews.

The word ‘secular’ was added to the Preamble of Indian Constitution in 1975.  State support to religious schools and personal laws.

MOST MADRASSAS REFUSE TO HOIST INDIAN FLAG ON 15TH AUG AND 26 JAN.     

TILL 2000 SOME OF THESE MADRASSAS HAS JINNAHs PORTRAIT IN THE PRINCIPALS ROOM .

In 1951 Religious and Charitable Endowment Indian law was made which allows state governments to forcibly take over, own and operate Hindu temples, and collect revenue from offerings and redistribute that revenue to any non-temple purposes including maintenance of religious institutions RABIDLY opposed to the temple . 

Hindus pay for Mulsims to go to Mecca.  In Kerala all Hindus temples have lost their land--but Christians own thousands of acres of estates.

KP Yohannan of Gospel for Asia and Believers Church purchased a 2000 acre rubber estate in Kerala, India -- the govt supports all this. KP Yohannan told the Christian media that the rubber estate is an investment to help fund social services among underdeveloped communities. 

So were the land of the Hindus temples any different ?

Madrassas have a right to partial state financial assistance. In the rule of BJP have you seen the condition of Hindu temples?  They dont have the money to buy oil to light the lamps . 

Only Islam has religious laws in form of sharia which India allows as Muslim Personal Law.

TODAY SECULAR MEANS ALL RELIGIONS OTHER THAN HINDUISM-- HINDUS ARE COMMUNAL --  AND THE MEDIA HAS TOLD THIS ENOUGH TIMES TO BE REGULARISED.  

NARENDRA MODI IS FOR SOME STRANGE REASON AFRAID OF R CONTROLLED MAIN STREAM MEDIA .

LET ME ASK MY READERS TO BE "PERCEPTIVE".

Religious laws in personal domain, for Muslims, supersede parliamentary laws in India. 

HOW CAN THIS BE SECULAR -- IT KILLS THE WORD SECULAR.

It is all about vote bank appeasement. Foreign nations are involved in this - they rule India by proxy -- to keep a wedge in between and create permanent strife..

Everyone is equal under law, and subject to the same laws irrespective of his religion.

NOW ALL IN BJP ARE TRIPPING OVER EACH OTHER TO RULE KASHMIR BY A COALITION WITH EITHER PDP OR NC.

THEY WILL SCUTTLE THE NATIONS INTEREST  --   MARK MY WORDS  ! 

CHECK OUT WHAT NARENDRA MODI SAYS IN THE NEXT ONE MONTH ABOUT UCC  / AFSPA /  SEC 370 etc--  he will soon become another MULAYAM SINGH YADAV to garner votes and stay in power in Kashmir.

SECULAR MEANS EQUAL TREATMENT OF ALL RELIGIONS.  read this line a trillion times 

Religion in India continues to assert its political authority in matters of personal law.

Any attempts and demand by Indian Hindus to a uniform civil code is considered a threat to their right to religious personal laws by Indian Muslims who have refused to move to Pakistan when India was divided.

Muslim zealots argue that any attempt to introduce Uniform Civil Code, that is equal laws for every human being independent of his or her religion, would reflect majoritarian nay- communal - Hindu sensibilities and ideals

Goa is an exception to that rule, in that a single secular code/law governs all Goans, irrespective of religion, ethnicity or linguistic affiliation.

Flawed understanding of secularism , fuelled by R commies have lead the Mulayam Singh Yadavs to pander to RABIDLY anti-Hindu and preachers like Zakir Naik.   

UCC is a must to counter Islamic terrorism, religious militancy and communal disharmony in general.

WHY HAS NARENDRA MODI BEEN UNABLE TO WARN THE BENAMI INDIAN MEDIA NOT TO MISUSE THE WORD SECULAR .

WHY IS HE MORTALLY AFRAID,  WHOM IS HE AFRAID OF  ?

MODI CAN IMPRESS THE WHOLE OF INDIA,BUT HE CANNOT IMPRESS THIS BLOG SITE BY PLAYING TO THE GALLERY .    

DOES MODI NOT KNOW THAT IN WEST BENGAL DESH DROHI BANGLADESI MUSLIMS ARE OPERATING MADRASSAS ,

Why is teaching Islamic fundamentalism in disguise being permitted ?

DOES NARENDRA MODI HAVE THE  BALLS TO DECLARE THAT ALL MADRASSAS IN INDIA WHO DO NOT HOIST THE INDIAN FLAG ON 26TH JAN OR 15TH AUG WILL BE SHUT DOWN THE NEXT DAY ?  - or will be more eager to rule Kashmir with PDP/ NC ?

Can Modi ban R commie Amartya Sen with a Rothschild wife from visiting India?    

Amartya Sen argues that the state must stay clear of any association with any religious matter whatsoever.   Just because he has a R wife, he can say anything ?

The word SECULAR in the Indian constitution was inserted by deceit.

This slimy word inserted by DESH DROHIS did not exist in the original text  of  the Indian Constitution when it was adopted in  November, 1950.   

It was inserting during the Emergency of Indira Gandhi to gain the Muslim  vote bank, as she was sure of losing the Hindu vote after the Emergency.    

After the Emergency only Muslims and Christians voted for her en masse . 

THIS INSERTION OF THE WARPED WORD SECULAR INTO THE INDIAN CONSTITUTION HAS BEEN THE GREATEST FRAUD PERPETRATED ON INDIA SINCE INDEPENDENCE.

This EVIL intrusion of the word SECULAR into the Constitution was made  through the 42nd amendment in 1977 when  democracy was dead,  voice of  the people was  muzzled and  ALL fundamental rights had been suspended . 

THIS WORD SECULAR AUTOMATICALLY BECOMES NULL AND VOID.



The Forty-second Amendment of the Constitution of India, officially known as The Constitution (Forty-second Amendment) Act, 1976, was enacted during the Emergency by  the  government headed by Indira Gandhi which kicked into effect on 3 January 1977,

42nd amendment  is regarded as the most controversial constitutional amendment in Indian history. It attempted to reduce the power of the Supreme Court and High Courts to pronounce upon the constitutional validity of laws.

The 42nd Amendment also amended the Preamble and changed the description of India from "sovereign democratic  republic" to a “sovereign socialist  secular  republic”  which was never the intention of the founding fathers when they drafted and passed the Constitution.

THE WAITRESS WENT ONE STEP AHEAD WHEN SHE FORMED THE NAC/ CVB WHERE SHE BECAME THE SUPER PRIME MINISTER OF INDIA. 

WHY IS MODI NOT PUNISHING HER ? 

HAS MODI MADE SOME DEAL BEFORE HE ASSUMED POWER ?

The founding fathers did not add the word SECULAR for they were aware that Hinduism is a tolerant religion which does NOT believe in Inquisitions. 

Hinduism relied on DHARMA and use of conscience. 

Since Pakistan /Bangladesh was founded they have driven away almost all the Hindus  by ethnic cleansing . 

Below:  Anglo Indian Rajya Sabha MP , Derek O Brien --  I AM CHRISTIAN FIRST AND THEN AN INDIAN.



The Jews have never been allowed to thrive in any country other than in India. Yet the same Jews screwed Hindus and stole all our wealth .

The foreign supari fed presstitutes now keep tom tomming on TV  ”  PM Narendra Modi has told BJP leaders of RSS/ VHP NOT to speak against other religions ” .   

Since when had Narendra Modi made the Indian main stream media his MOUTH PIECE ?  

This is as ridiculous as the cook telling the charterers that Captain said he will load sulphuric acid in 2 port tank and red wine in 2 starboard caro tank .  

Since when did the Captain make the cook his mouth piece or his middleman broker ?


Hinduism has always been a shield of security and freedom for all religious minorities.  Today the word Hindu is associated with a rabid COMMUNAL bigot.    



Till today the Indian main stream media has NOT spoken a single sentence in favour of the Kashmiri Pandits who were ethnically cleansed.   

If Hindus were majority in Pakistan and Bangladesh would the minority Muslims have been ethnically cleansed and their mosques destroyed ?

The presstitute media says that Modi has told BJP workers NOT to talk about Hindutva.  What is wrong with talking about Hindutva ?  Shiv Sena leader Uddhav Thackeray who has made it clear that BJP is its political ally if it stands steadfastly for "Hindutva".

At Godhra , the Muslims drew first blood.  They burnt alive 59 Hindu Karsevaks returning from Ayodhya  in a train compartment, including 25 women and 15 small children.  Hindus were still expected to be tolerant after this ?  


Nobody talks about the 268 Hindus killed by the Muslims during the post Godhra riots. Today nobody talks about the ( 268+59 ) 327 Hindus who were killed.  The media presstitutes talk only about the 788 Muslims who were killed .





The first indian PM Rajendra Prasad had warned Gandhi that in case Muslims stayed back in India after partition , they must be disenfranchised.  No voting rights for them.  R stooge Gandhi  did not listen.

Both Pakistan and Bangladesh had officially admitted that more than 1000 hindu temples were  destroyed in their countries.  

Yet one single Babri Masjid caused so much hue and cry ?  

This masjid was built by a cruel Islamic invader after razing to the ground, the magnificient Ram Ayodhya temple ( the Mecca of the Hindus ).

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/11/babri-masjid-demolition-mughal-emperor.html


The Kashmir Kashmir assembly had admitted that more than 100 Hindu temples were destroyed in Kashmir.  The actual number is more than 310 .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/the-kashmir-conflict-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html



Have you seen a single Muslim migrating to Pakistan and Bangladesh?   What is the catch ? Why are they afraid to migrate to Pakistan.?   The only reason is that they have peace and security in India , solely because Hindus  are tolerant and secular.

Kerala Muslims HATE working in Saudi Arabia?  Why ?  

If Zakir Naik talks sh#t against Islam in Saudi Arabia how long will he live ?  Will he live to see the next sunrise ?

In fact, India is the only country in the world where Muslims are enjoying  democracy.  Why did painter Iqbal Hussain try to come back from Qatar and die in India ?


The SECULARISM touted by the BENAMI main stream media is nothing but CULTURAL TERRORISM which is more dangerous than blood spilling type- as it attacks the soul .  



Why is Modi pretending to sleep and expecting others to wake him up . Does he NOT have the political will-nay- guts to rein in the rabble rousing media?  Have a BENAMI Indian front single media house ever shown loyalty to the WATAN till today ?

The Jews keep shouting about their 6 million dead .  If the star of David has 8 points, it would have been 8 million dead.   

Hey ,the Hindus have suffered maximum losses till today .

 90 MILLION HINDUS HAVE BEEN EXTERMINATED .

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/07/unquantified-holocaust-and-genocide.html



American historian Will James Durant has written that that Hindus were historically persecuted during Islamic rule of the Indian subcontinent.  He agrees with the figure put by Prof. K.S. Lal, who estimated that between the years 1000 AD and 1500 AD the population of Hindus decreased by 80 million


Can you ever imagine Hindus starving millions of people to death for petty revenge –yes this was done by the white invader ?

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/amartya-sen-gets-nobel-prize-for.html



In the Shah Bano case, a Muslim woman was denied alimony even after winning a court case, because the Indian Parliament reversed the court judgement under pressure of Islamic orthodoxy-   where else can this happen on this planet ?

Things have deteriorated to such a ridiculous attempt that wearing a skull cap means that you are secular.



India does NOT care for western concepts .  We do NOT want Zionist funded human rights organisations in India  .

India does NOT owe anything including its tolerance and pluralism to the Muslim and Christian invaders .   We owe only to our great Vedic ancient culture and Sanatana dharma.


Ancient India has no history of religious violence.  If at all it is written somewhere , it is a LIE cooked up by the white invader .

Example?

Buddhist king Ashoka (304-232 BCE) is ordered killings of 18,000 Jains after someone drew a picture of Buddha bowing at the feet of Mahavira.

ABOVE IS NONSENSE AS KING ASHOKA WHO CONVERTED FROM BAAD BAAAD HINDUISM TO GOODIE GOOD BUDDHISM ,  NEVER EXISTED.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2014/08/chanakya-taxila-university-professor.html

Every incident of violence between Hindus and Buddhists in ancient India was cooked up by  the white invader using his stooge BR Ambedkar.  





When in 1947, Muhammad Ali Jinnah became the first Governor General of Pakistan and the new border was demarcated, gigantic riots broke out between Hindus and Muslims.  This was created and fuelled by R the owner of British East India Company , as Muslims in India refused to go to Pakistan 

ZIONISTS NEEDED AN ISLAMIC BUFFER ON EITHER SIDE OF THE HIMALAYAS TO PREVENT RUSSIA AND CHINA ( COMMUNISTS ) ACCESS TO THE INDIAN OCEAN FOR AN ALL WEATHER BLUE WATER SUBMARINE NAVY.  ISLAM AND ATHEISM ARE LIKE OILAND WATER - THEY DO NOT MIX .  





Capt Ajit Vadakayil declares  –  

INDIAN SECULARISM IS NOTHING BUT A EUPHEMISM FOR RABID VOTE BANK POLITICS .

Narendra Modi must stop all religion-based reservations in civil and educational institutions – this is nothing but pseudo-secularism.


The NDA has 65 seats as opposed to the UPA’s 102 seats and it is unlikely to be in a position to get the 123 votes needed in the 245-seat Rajya Sabha.   The composition of the Rajya Sabha WILL change significantly in 2016 when one-third of its members will retire and new members are elected by members of the State Legislative Assemblies.

The Rajya Sabha should be abolished as many members are in the payroll foreign forces.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2013/01/abolish-rajya-sabha-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html


Pseudo secularism is the reason why there is Christian evangelist sponsored terrorism by Naxals in the RED corridor and separatists in NE.  

The BENAMI main stream media is invoved in a unique type of CULTURAL TERRORISM.. They are tripping over each other to hammer into the psyche of the Hindu community that they are responsible for everything bad happening to the minorities in the country.

The BENAMI Indian TV has perception moulders on prime time, in the form of R commies , who depict a Hindu as clown worth ridicule.  Hindu gods are lampooned.  Aspersions are constantly cast at the logic of Hindu s festivals.  

They ask for a ban on firecrackers on Diwali as the Himalayan glaciers are melting.   Hindus are sent on a guilt trip even when they want to celebrate.  

When terrorist attack , Hindus are blamed for not doing enough to create an inclusive society. A Hindu patriot is branded a right wing fundamentalist.  Say something good about Hindus and you are immediately  branded communal. But if you say  something good about Muslims or Christians and then you are a fine human being , who is secular and liberal.   

All these R commies who have written FAKE history tailor made to suit the demands of their foreign masters must be profiled .

Playing the secular-communal card is quite profitable in our country and it is a livelihood for many pseudo intellectuals, scholars, judas NGO-managers and of course, vote bank maangtha politicians. These are vermin who do NOT do anything for nation building.

The main stream media now has been unable to tackle the onslaught of the social media who wants to exhume long buried truths.  

Dissemination of information was no longer in the hands of a few. People no longer need newspapers, TV channels and magazines to make their opinions known.  Even PM Modi relies upon All India Radio to keep in touch with the people.

It is pathetic to watch the TV anchors so full of themselves still trying hard to mould public perception and falling flat on their slimy faces.  

This is why the social media has emerged as the Kalki avatar.  



The social media has exposed all these eminent EXPERTS who come on prime time TV as morons who cannot even pass  a simple IQ test.  

But for the social media PM Narendra Modi and Amit Shah would be in some dark jail in India. 

PM Modi knows how much he has benefitted from the social media bloggers.  

Yet he has refused to even acknowledge it—ingratitude at its worst.


THIS BLOGSITE WANTS NARENDA MODI TO EXPUNGE THE WORD 'SECULAR ' FROM OUR CONSTITUTION .  



DO NOT BE IN HASTE TO RULE THE KASHMIR VALLEY AND AGAIN PANDER TO THE WHIMS OF THE DESH DROHIS - BECAUSE COALITION DHARMA HAS TIED YOUR PRIME MINISTERIAL HANDS.

Below: Mahesh Bhatt ' JAHAAN DARR HAI WAHAN ISLAM NAHI HAI "  In Aamir Khan's movie PK the message is 'Jo darta hai vo hi mandir jaata hai' 



Grace and peace !







Bhagya-suktam Rigveda 7-41 ( 5000 BC )


ॐ
परातरग्निं परातरिन्द्रं हवामहे परातर्मित्रावरुणाप्रातरश्विना |
परातर्भगं पूषणं बरह्मणस पतिं परातः सोममुत रुद्रं हुवेम ||

Aum
prātaraghniṃ prātarindraṃ havāmahe prātarmitrāvaruṇāprātaraśvinā |
prātarbhaghaṃ pūṣaṇaṃ brahmaṇas patiṃ prātaḥ somamuta rudraṃ huvema ||


MEANING : 1. AGNI at dawn, and Indra we invoke at dawn, and Varuṇa and Mitra, and the Aśvins twain.
Bhaga at dawn, Pūṣan, and Brahmaṇaspati, Soma at dawn, Rudra we will invoke at dawn.

 अर्थ : हम प्रात :  के समय पर अग्नि , वरुण ,इन्द्र  ,मित्र ,अश्विन कुमार ,भग , पूष,ब्रह्मनास्पति ,सोम ,रूद्र का आवाहन करते हैं

  
परातर्जितं भगमुग्रं हुवेम वयं पुत्रमदितेर्यो विधर्ता |
आध्रश्चिद यं मन्यमानस्तुरश्चिद राजा चिद यं भगं भक्षीत्याह ||

 prātarjitaṃ bhaghamughraṃ huvema vayaṃ putramaditeryo vidhartā |
 ādhraścid yaṃ manyamānasturaścid rājā cid yaṃ bhaghaṃ bhakṣītyāha ||

MEANING : 2. We will invoke strong, early-conquering Bhaga, the Son of Aditi, the great supporter:
Thinking of whom, the poor, yea, even the mighty, even the King himself says, Give me Bhaga

  हम शक्तिशाली , युद्ध में जीतने वाले भग का आवाहन करते हैं जिनके बारे में सोचकर राजा  भी कहते हैं की हमें भग दीजिये



भग परणेतर्भग सत्यराधो भगेमां धियमुदवा ददन नः |
भग पर णो जनय गोभिरश्वैर्भग पर नर्भिर्न्र्वन्तः सयाम ||

bhagha praṇetarbhagha satyarādho bhaghemāṃ dhiyamudavā dadan naḥ |
bhagha pra ṇo janaya ghobhiraśvairbhagha pra nṛbhirnṛvantaḥ syāma ||

3. Bhaga our guide, Bhaga whose gifts are faithful, favour this song, and give us wealth, O Bhaga.
Bhaga, augment our store of kine and horses, Bhaga, may we be rich in men and heroes.

 हे भग हमारा मार्गदर्शन करें ,आपके उपहार अनुकूल हैं ,हमें ऐश्वर्य दीजिये हे भग ! हमें घोडे {सवारी } और योधा रिश्तेदार  दीजिये

  
उतेदानीं भगवन्तः सयामोत परपित्व उत मध्ये अह्नाम |
उतोदिता मघवन सूर्यस्य वयं देवानां सुमतौ सयाम ||

utedānīṃ bhaghavantaḥ syāmota prapitva uta madhye ahnām |
utoditā maghavan sūryasya vayaṃ devānāṃ sumatau syāma ||

4. So may felicity be ours at present, and when the day approaches, and at noontide;
And may we still, O Bounteous One, at sunset be happy in the Deities' loving-kindness.
कृपा कीजिये कि अब हमें  सुख-चैन मिले , और जैसे जैसे दिन बढ़ता जाये , जैसे -जैसे दोपहर हो , शाम हो हम देव कृपा से प्रसन्न रहे



भग एव भगवानस्तु देवास्तेन वयं भगवन्तः सयाम |
तं तवा भग सर्व इज्जोहवीति स नो भग पुरेता भवेह ||

 bhagha eva bhaghavānastu devāstena vayaṃ bhaghavantaḥ syāma |
taṃ tvā bhagha sarva ijjohavīti sa no bhagha puraetā bhaveha ||

MEANING :5. May Bhaga verily be bliss-bestower, and through him, Gods! may happiness attend us.
As such, O Bhaga, all with might invoke thee: as such be thou our Champion here, O Bhaga.

हे भग आप परमानंद प्रदान करें और आपके द्वारा देव हमें प्रसन्नता से स्वीकार करें हे भग हम आपका आवाहन करते हैं ,आप यहाँ हमारे साथ आयें

   
समध्वरायोषसो नमन्त दधिक्रावेव शुचये पदाय |
अर्वाचीनं वसुविदं भगं नो रथमिवाश्वा वाजिन आ वहन्तु ||

 samadhvarāyoṣaso namanta dadhikrāveva śucaye padāya |
 arvācīnaṃ vasuvidaṃ bhaghaṃ no rathamivāśvā vājina ā vahantu ||

MEANING :6. To this our worship may all Dawns incline them, and come to the pure place like Dadhikrāvan.
As strong steeds draw a chariot may they bring us hitherward Bhaga who discovers treasure

इस प्रकार प्रतिदिन भग यहाँ आयें {पवित्र स्थान जैसे दधिक्रावन }जैसे शक्तिशाली घोड़े रथ को खींचते हैं वैसे ही भग का यहाँ आवाहन  किया जाये

  
अश्वावतीर्गोमतीर्न उषासो वीरवतीः सदमुछन्तु भद्राः |
घर्तं दुहाना विश्वतः परपीता यूयं पात ... ||

aśvāvatīrghomatīrna uṣāso vīravatīḥ sadamuchantu bhadrāḥ |
ghṛtaṃ duhānā viśvataḥ prapītā yūyaṃ pāta ... ||

MEANING :7. May blessed Mornings dawn on us for ever, with wealth of kine, of horses, and of heroes,

Streaming with all abundance, pouring fatness. Preserve us evermore, ye Gods, with blessings.
*********************************************************************
64 KALAS OF ANCIENT INDIA FOR A GIRL CHILD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


IN ANCIENT INDIA, GIRLS WERE FEMININE . 

THEY COULD BLUSH . 

THE MOST POWERFUL CHARM OF A GIRLs BEAUTY IS HER ABILITY TO BLUSH .

THEY HAD A NURSERY BETWEEN THEIR LEGS , NOT A PLAY PEN .

THEY WERE NOT EMPOWERED BRAVE HEARTS WHO FLASH THEIR PRIVATE PARTS IN PUBLIC --


-- AND HAVE WIDE AND DISEASED BOTTOM ORIFICES BEFORE THEY MARRY -

--AS TOUTED BY THE SLAVE MAIN STREAM MEDIA , OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER .

THE INDIAN WOMEN COULD RUN A HAPPY AND PEACEFUL HOME -  MUTUAL RESPECT WAS ABUNDANT !

Below:  Is it any wonder that foreigners like King David ( Bath Sheba ) , King Solomon ( son of Bath Sheba and husband of Queen of Sheba ) , Jesus Christ ( husband of Mary Magdalene ) wanted accomplished female partners from Kerala,  India



Above: Indian women do NOT need to inject plastic in their upper lips ! 

Her tits are natural !!  

Her hipbones are wide !!!  

She loses her virginity only on the wedding night - unlike her western counterpart , who loses it before her first periods !!!!

She does NOT need to lie in the hot sun to tan her pale white skin, or wear stockings,  so that hey yuck-ptheeoy blue veins can be camouflaged !!!




She has the spirit of sacrifice ( for her husband and children ) programmed in her DNA. .

Below: King David fell in love with his army soldier's wife when he saw her taking OPEN BATH , Kerala Namboodiri woman style at a small pool. The pool in the painting is too small.


Below: Mary Magdalene who was denigrated as a whore , was in reality a devoted wife to Jesus , whom he married and took with him from Muziris ( Kodungallur -which has the world's second church ) -- a dusky long haired Namboodiri beauty-- who planted a Tulsi plant at the place where Jesus was crucified .



Above : King Solomon's wife dusky long haired beauty Queen of Sheba who attracted him with her brains -- she gave him a full camel caravan of presents-- tigers , peacocks, cinnamon, sandalwood ( which he used for his staircase ) , rosewood , diamonds, aloe vera, elephant tusks - none of which were available in any other part of this planet.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2010/12/kerala-brief-history-of-paradise-on.html




THIS WAS INDIA 7000 YEARS AGO, WHEN THE WHITE MAN WAS RUNNING AROUND NAKED,  DOING GRUNT GRUNT FOR LANGUAGE,  CLUBBING ANIMALS FOR FOOD,  AND STAYING IN DAMP CAVES. 

#########################

Taslima Rushdie
December 28, 2014 at 6:51 AM
Kindly also explain the origin of 64 kalas. Were the the prospective brides really assessed for such kalas?

ReplyDelete
Replies
####################
Capt. Ajit Vadakayil
December 28, 2014 at 10:56 AM

Every girl in ancient Hindu India, were trained by her parents and by teachers to be proficient in the following 64 kalas ( arts ).

1-Geet vidya – art of classical singing
2-Vadya vidya – art of playing on classical musical instruments
3-Nritya vidya – art of classical dancing
4-Natya vidya – art of theatricals
5-Alekhya vidya – art of painting
6-Viseshakacchedya vidya – art of facial makeup / figure upkeep
7-Tandula-kusuma-bali-vikara – art of Hindu ritual offerings using rice and flowers
8-Pushpastarana – art of decorating with fragrant  flowers
9-Dasana-vasananga-raga – art of attractive personal grooming , finer things
10-Mani-bhumika-karma – art of decorative mosaic
11-Sayya-racana – art of bedroom arrangements and home science
12-Udaka-vadya – art of playing on scale music with part liquid filled tumblers
13-Udaka-ghata – art of fluid mechanics
14-Citra-yoga – art of mixing colors
15-Malya-grathana-vikalpa – art of floral designs
16-Sekharapida-yojana – art of attractive head adornments
17-Nepathya-yoga – art of fashion dressing
18-Karnapatra-bhanga – art of jewel decorating the ear
19-Sugandha-yukti – art of practical application of aromatics
20-Bhushana-yojana – art of using jeweled ornaments
21-Aindra-jala – art of entertainment by magic
22-Kaucumara – art for exuding charm , social grace
23-Hasta-laghava – art of manual dexterity
24-Citra-sakapupa-bhakshya-vikara-kriya – art of preparing varieties of delicious food
25-Panaka-rasa-ragasava-yojana – art of beverage and colourful desserts
26-Suci-vaya-karma – art of needlework and weaving
27-Sutra-krida – art of fashion embroidery
28-Vina-damuraka-vadya – art of playing on veena and small drum
29-Prahelika – art of making and solving riddles
30-Durvacaka-yoga – art of poetry games
31-Pustaka-vacana – art of reading and reciting verses
32-Natikakhyayika-darsana – art of enacting short plays and entertaining anecdotes
33-Kavya-samasya-purana – art of solving enigmatic verses
34-Pattika-vetra-bana-vikalpa – art of canework
35-Tarku-karma – art of spinning by spindle
36-Takshana – art of carpentry
37-Vastu-vidya – art of vastu architecture
38-Dhatu-vada – art of metallurgy
39-Raupya-ratna-pariksha – art of testing ornaments and jewels
40-Mani-raga jnana – art of charming by tinkling jewels
41-Akara jnana – art of mineralogy
42-Vrikshayur-veda-yoga – art of medicinal herb horticulture
43-Mesha-kukkuta-lavaka-yuddha-vidhi – art of training animals and birds
44-Suka-sarika-prapalana (pralapana) – art of training parrots and mynas to speak
45-Utsadana – art of aroma therapy
46-Kesa-marjana-kausala – art of fashion hair dressing
47-Akshara-mushtika-kathana – art of coded communication
48-Mlecchita-kutarka-vikalpa – art of speaking in code language
49-Desa-bhasha-jnana – art of knowing provincial dialects
50-Nirmiti-jnana – art of conscious predictions and gut feelings
51-Yantra-matrika – art of mechanics
52-Dharana-matrika – art of memorising
53-Samvacya – art of tactful conversation ,  host / guest manners
54-Manasi kavya-kriya – art of composing extempore verse
55-Kriya-vikalpa – art of perceptive decoding and diagnosis
56-Chalitaka-yoga – art of puja room and spiritual etiquette
57-Abhidhana-kosha-cchando-jnana – art of the use of lexicography and meters
58-Vastra-gopana – art of artful dressing apt for the occasion
59-Dyuta-visesha – art of playing dice for social entertainment
60-Akarsha-krida – art of use of magnets
61-Balaka-kridanaka – art of making dolls and toys
62-Vainayiki vidya – art of etiquette and personal discipline
63-Vaijayiki vidya – art of dharmic winning
64-Vaitaliki vidya – art of physical culture, self carriage



The Indian woman is a homemaker who creates a neat and clean home for her husband and children to live in , not for others to gape at and feel jealous .   She does NOT feel the need to over analyse anything what her family utters or be hyper sensitive.   

She has the ability to cast a shoe aside that does not fit, while being graceful , mature and poised while doing this.  

She does NOT breach trust nor does she get mired in self pity .  In her home there is no emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism . She has been brought up by her own parents in an atmosphere of kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness – and she know what she must do .   

She knows how to create an atmosphere of joy, forgiveness, love, respect, friendship, self esteem and lightheartedness in her home.  She spends quality time with her husband and children and she does NOT care for kitty parties to go and bitch.  


She lives life within her seams.  She creates conditions to share laughter within her home. Laughter is the cheapest luxury, it electrifies the nerves and cleanses the system.  There is prayer in the home.

She is content with little.  She knows too much glamour is like too much spices. She does NOT feel the need to impress anybody.  A homemaker is a good one if what she wants is what she needs.

When my elder son got engaged I congratulated his fiancée. 

She asked me “Whatever for ?”. 


I said “ For getting the best mother-in-law you can ever imagine !”





SINCE THE NUMBER OF COMMENTS HAS EXCEED 200 CLICK ON LOAD MORE TO SEE THE BALANCE COMMENTS









NEARLY 4 DECADES AGO AT A SHIPBOARD PARTY , I PREDICTED THAT INDIA WOULD BE WORLDs NO 1 SUPERPOWER IN 50 YEARS .  

ALL LAUGHED THEIR BELLIES OUT , OUT OF SHEER SARCASM,  AS INDIA THOSE DAYS WAS AT THE BOTTOM OF THE BARREL.

WE LOST 10 YEARS UNDER THE VOTE HUNGRY ITALIAN WAITRESS.

WE ARE STILL ON COURSE !  

IN THE POST BELOW ,  THEY HAVE FALSIFIED THE DATA --  

CHINA IS AHEAD OF USA . 

AND INDIA IS FAR AHEAD OF JAPAN AND GERMANY !

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_countries_by_GDP_%28PPP%29


China has overtaken USA as world’s No 1 economy in mid 2014,  but they have been keeping a low profile  .  USA can never hope to overtake China again.    

India currently at No 3 will overtake China as world’s economic powerhouse in 2 decades.


SUBJECT : Indian couples have less sex?
##################################

http://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/life-style/relationships/man-woman/Indian-couples-have-less-sex/articleshow/9943548.cms

THE INDIAN COUPLE IS BONDED BY LOVE . . . 
THEIR DECADENT WESTERN COUNTERPART IS BOUND BY LUST . . .

The bharatiya naari gives herself in gratitude to her to her husband and children and is fulfilled by seeing them thrive and receiving their love, respect and gratitude. 
. .

Indian men instinctively protect their women and will even sacrifice their lives in this process, the way it is programmed in his DNA. . . . . 

Sex is the symbol of this exclusive divine bond meant to procreate rather than for pleasure . . .. . Orgasm from LOVE ( and not LUST ) electrically charges healthy sperm , and hence the off spring will NOT be a depraved homosexual .. . . .. 

In contrast ,the western woman have nothing left to exchange for love but sex. Thus, many are unnaturally obsessed with appearance , putting plastic inside their bodies and pathetically give their bodies to all and sundry. . . . 

Displacing men in the traditional role of providers destabilizes the family. ...The new world order uses BENAMI Indian media for foul propaganda , that women are exhorted that self-fulfillment lies in career success and not husband and family . . . 

Many women in India have become schizophrenic as they attempt to reconcile their natural motherly instincts with constant exhortations to do the opposite. . .

Zionist owned sex magazines constantly tell men, you don’t need to own a cow to drink milk You don't need to get married to have sex. . Marriage and children are a bore and a chore. . . .

In most foreign funded Indian TV channels a woman anchor will lose her job is she wears sindoor, bindi or a mangalsutra. . . .

God's love can be seen in a woman's dedication to her husband and children. I would like all my readers to stop reading and reminisce the love your mother gave you. . .. 

I ask Indian bachelors, ensure that you marry a woman who can take care of you and your children. This is more important than good looks. . . . 

capt ajit vadakayil
*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************

*********************************************************************