NOBEL PRIZE, AMARTYA SEN, KOFI ANNAN AND ROTHSCHILD- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
NOBEL PRIZE,  AMARTYA SEN,  KOFI ANNAN AND ROTHSCHILD-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Do you want a Nobel Prize and truckloads of international honors and awards?

The easy thing to do is to marry a Rothschild woman.

But, if you are black or brown skinned you will get only a divorced Rothschild woman.

Now -- I could be wrong. This post could be jaundiced nonsense.

But then allow your conscience be your guide.

Amartya Sen married Emma Georgina Rothschild in 1991.  Emma isthe sister of Amshel Mayer James Rothschild-and half sister of Jacob Rothschild.  In 1998, Amartya Sen received the Nobel prize.

Below is the list of awards and honours, Emma wrangled for him.

Eat your hearts out .




List of honorary degrees Indian economist Amartya Sen secured from world universities.



Harvard University
Yale University
Columbia University
University of Michigan
Williams College
Georgetown University
Santa Clara University
Tulane University
New School for Social Research
Oberlin College
Syracuse University
University of Connecticut
University of Massachusetts
Wesleyan University
Bard College
Clark University
Mount Holyoke College
Simmons College

University of Oxford
University of Edinburgh
McGill University
Queen's University
University of Saskatchewan
University of Essex
University of Bath
University of Caen
University of Bologna
Université catholique de Louvain
London Guildhall University
Athens University of Economics and Business
University of Valencia
University of Zurich
University of Tokyo
University of Antwerp
University of Kiel
University of Padua
University of Leicester
University of Valencia
University of Zurich
Stockholm University
University of East Anglia
University of Nottingham
University of the Mediterranean
Heriot-Watt University
University of Hong Kong
University of Florence
University of London
Technical University of Lisbon
Jaume I University
Durham University
University of Southampton
Pierre Mendès-France University
Ritsumeikan University
University of Sussex
University of York
University of Toronto
University of British Columbia
University of Natal
Rhodes University
Koç University
York University
University of Göttingen
University of Cape Town
University of the Witwatersrand
Sorbonne
University College Dublin
University of Osnabrück
University of Exeter
University of Birmingham
Rovira i Virgili University
University of Pavia
Complutense University of Madrid
University of Coimbra
University of British Columbia

· 1998: He received the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences for his work in welfare economics.

· 1999: He received the Bharat Ratna 'the highest civilian award in India' by the President of India.

· 1999: He was offered the honorary citizenship of Bangladesh by Sheikh Hasina in recognition of his achievements in winning the Nobel Prize, and given that his ancestral origins were in what has become the modern state of Bangladesh

· 2000: He was awarded the order of Companion of Honour, UK.

· 2000: He received Leontief Prize for his outstanding contribution to economic theory from the Global Development and Environment Institute.

· 2000: He was awarded the Eisenhower Medal for Leadership and Service USA;

· 2000: He was the 351st Commencement Speaker of Harvard University.

· 2002: He received the International Humanist Award from the International Humanist and Ethical Union.

· 2003: He was conferred the Lifetime Achievement Award by the Indian Chamber of Commerce.

· He is awarded the Life Time Achievement award by Bangkok-based United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific (UNESCAP)

· 2010: He was chosen to deliver the Demos Annual Lecture 2010

· 2011: The National Humanities Medal will be given to Amartya Sen by US Govt.

Now let us check out Ghanian diplomat Kofi Annan, who rose tobe the General Secretary of United Nations, and remained there for a full decade.

In 1985 , he married Nane Maria Lagergren of Rothschild dynasty, the grand daughter of Zionist Raoul Wallenberg -- who was famous for "rescuing" one hundred thousand Jews from Nazi occupied Hungary .

Nane secured for Kofi the Nobel prize for peace in 2001.



Let us check out his honours and degrees.

Honours

2000: Companion of the Order of the Star of Ghana

2001: Grand Cross with Collar of the Order of the Star of Romania

2005: Grand Collar of the Order of Liberty (Portugal)

2006: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of the Netherlands Lion

2007: Grand Decoration of Honour in Gold with Sash for Services to the Republic of Austria

2007: Honorary Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St Michael and St George(GCMG) from Queen Elizabeth II (UK)

2008: Grand Cross 1st class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany

2000: Kora All Africa Music Awards in the category of Lifetime Achievement

2001: Nobel Foundation, The Nobel Peace Prize, jointly presented to Kofi Annan and the United Nations

2002: winner of the "Profiles in Courage Award", given by the JFK Memorial Museum

2003: Foreign Honorary Member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences

2003: Freedom Prize of the Max Schmidheiny Foundation at the University of St. Gallen

2006: International World Order of Culture, Science and Education, Award of the European Academy of Informatization, Belgium

2006: Inter Press Service, International Achievement Awardfor Annan's lasting contributions to peace, security, and development

2006: Olof Palme Prize

2007: Wooden Crossbow, special award from the Swiss World Economic Forum

2007: People in Europe Award of Verlagsgruppe Passau

2007: MacArthur Foundation, MacArthur Award for International Justice

2007: North-South Prize of the Council of Europe

2008: Peace of Westphalia Prize

2008: Harvard University Honors Prize

2008: Gottlieb Duttweiler Prize

2008: Peace of Westphalia Prize – Münster (Westfalen)

2008: Open Society Award – CEU Business School Budapest

Honorary degrees

· Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, (Kumasi), Honorary Doctor of Science, 24 August 1998

· United Nations Mandated University for Peace, Honorary President, 1999

· Lund University, Honorary Doctor of Law, 1999

· National University of Ireland, Doctor of Law, 22 January 1999

· Technische Universität Dresden, doctor honoris causa, 27 April 1999

· Howard University, honorary doctorate of humane letters, 8 May 1999

· Comenius University in Bratislava, doctor honoris causa, 15 Jun 1999

· University of Notre Dame, Doctor of Letters, honoris causa, 21 May 2000

· Seton Hall University, John C. Whitehead School of Diplomacy and International Relations, Honorary Doctorate, February 2001

· Brown University, Doctor of Laws, honoris causa, 28 May 2001

· Liberty Medal International Selection Commission, Liberty Medal, 4 July 2001

· Free University of Berlin, doctor honoris causa, 13 July 2001

· Tilburg University, Honorary Doctorate, 2002

· University of Alcalá, Doctor Honoris Causa, 9 April 2002

· Northwestern University, Doctor of Laws, 21 June 2002

· University of Pittsburgh, honorary Doctor of Public and International Affairs degree 21 October 2003

· Ghent University (Belgium), doctor honoris causa 21 March 2003

· Carleton University, Legum Doctor, honoris causa, 9 March 2004

· University of Ottawa, Doctor of the University Degree, 9 March 2004

· University of Pennsylvania, Doctor of Laws, honoris causa, 16 May 2005

· Universidade Nova de Lisboa, doctor honoris causa, 12 October 2005

· The George Washington University, Doctor of Public Service, 5 May 2006

· University of Tokyo, Honorary Doctorate, 18 May 2006

· Georgetown University, Doctor of Humane Letters, honoris causa, 30 October 2006

· University of St. Gallen, Switzerland, Max Schmidheiny Foundation Freedom Prize (originally awarded 2003, but postponed due to Annan's illness), 18 November 2006

· Princeton University, Crystal Tiger Award, 28 November 2006

· King's College London, Doctor of Laws, honoris causa, 28 May 2008

· Glasgow Caledonian University, Doctor of Laws, 18 November 2011

Did anybody say, Rothschild does NOT have the clout?

Check out the video below .

http://youtu.be/tgbvt14rUIw

The 2012 London Olympics is financed by Rothschild. No wonder Zionist company DOW is sponsor. The symbol itself shows ZION .  

Rothschild got their gold in 1799 by killing Tipu Sultan.  The British East India Company owner Rothschild left him alone till he did the dirty work of collecting all the gold from the underground vaults of Kerala temples , using local intelligence from mulato arab muslims . This gold was the fruit of milleniums of spice trade. 

Rothschild secured Israel for the Jews. The best part is not a single Zionist Israeli leader is from Palestine. All  of them are from the Georgia area. 

 

Once upon a time in 7000 BC, this area was part of India. Rajasthan, Pakistan, Afghanistan, all the STANS of ex-USSR till Palisthan ( yes-Palestine ). The Dome of the Rock at Jerusalem --which Muslims, Christians and Jews are fighting for --was once a Shiva temple.The Shiva Lingam back meteorite stone is still there.








At the age of 21 Nathan Mayer Rothschid started his banking business in England with 4 shiploads of Tipu Sultan’s gold.

Stalin was from this Georgia area, and he was funded by Rothschild.

In 1987 Edmond de Rothschild created the World Conservation Bank to transfer debts from third world countries to this bank and in return those countries would give land to this bank. By this deception Rothschilds now control a large area of the third world .

You may wonder from where Boris Yeltsin suddenly burst on the scene. Well his wife is the daughter of Joseph Stalin’s marriage to Rosa Kaganovich. Just figure out the way USSR disintegrated , all communist assets landed in the hands of select mafia Zionist agents. This started a mass exodus of 75,0000 Jews to Israel, who was short of man power in the army.

How many of you know that Bill Clinton had his arm twisted by the daughter of a Rabbi Monica Lewinsky?

Rothschild is NOT content with snatching away Golan Heights from Syria, which sources 30% of Israel’s water supply. Their next plan is tohave their own banking system set up there, just like in Libya.

The Anti-Defamation League (ADL) was made to warn and cow down all that any mention of the Rothschilds and their Zionist allies is an attack on all Jews. This law is designed to protect the Rothschild conspiracy from being revealed on the internet . If you criticize the Rothschilds criminal cabal, you will be targeted as anti-semitic, and thrown into jail by law.  ADL was first used to save a Jewish paedophile Leo Frank who raped and murdered ( SNUFF ) Mary Fagan in his Atlanta pencil factory in 1913. After Rothschild held US media refused to run the story, a furious mob lynched him.
The only historical event you can be arrested for questioning is the holocaust. The figure is pinned at 6 million Jews, while actually it is around 1/10 of this figure.  Nobody cares for 90 million Hindus slaughtered .

JP Morgan were agents of Rothschilds in US. It was kep a secret , as they dealt with Slaves from Africa --while in Europe Rothschilds were PRETENDING that they are against slavery. Deception at its best.

Rothschilds made their immense fortune by using their owned British East India company ships to take opium drugs which they grew in India to China. They are the original drug runners.

Their fortune base for world banking was the huge amount of Tipu Sultan's gold which they stole from India in 1799, after killing the king when he was taking breakfast. The war is a lie. This enormous amount of gold worth Trillions of USD, was the fruit of nearly 6 millenniums of spice trade from my home town Calicut.

Lord Mountbatten's wife Edwina was Rothschilds. Nehru was her pawn.  

Rothschilds wanted East and West Pakistan, to plug either side of the Himalayas, to prevent Communists from entering the Indian ocean. Islam and Communism are like oil and water. When ALMOST ALL Muslims preferred to stay back in India, the riots were engineered by Rothschild. Altaf Hussain of Pakistan is right when he says, that Jinnah did NOT want partition.

Below Lynn and Evelyn Rothschild-- back to India again , in their NGO at Chennai India !




It is better to be united in truth
Than to be united in error.  

It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals,
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills.  

It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie.
It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.  

- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)
 

Here is a 6000 year old invocation-- grace and peace!!
********************************************************************
EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




EDWARD JENNER , THE LEECH-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Most of the discoveries and inventions made by Europeans from 1700 to 1945 , had root ideas lifted from the ancient Indian Vedas.

I have just started exposing all these Freemason sponsored leeches.  By the time I finish all these pretenders will lose their sheen.

The Muslim invaders who ruled India wanted gold, to finance their expansionist ambitions.  The Christian invaders wanted to steal knowledge and patent it in their own names.  Vedic knowledge was free like air and water.  No Vedic text has the authors names,  for knowledge was free.

Edward Jenner has his name engraved on rock in 1794,  for being the father of vaccination and small pox immunization. This is absolute nonsense as this art was practiced in India as early as 6000 BC and it was written down in Sanskrit and Malayalam languages as early as 4000 BC. 

 
75 years before Jenner a famous British beauty Lady Mary Montague was afflicted by small pox and her face was scarred. She has lost her brother and then when her 3 year old daughter got small pox, she got her vaccinated by a serum sent to her by a vaidhyar from a Ayurvedic Dhanwantari hospital at Calicut.

The art of vaccination, variolation and inoculation spead to Europe after Francis Xavier stole these ideas from Indian Ayurveda. 

  
Francis Xavier bulldozed his way by calling for a Portuguese inquisition after he landed at Goa in 1542.  He forced all the Sarsawat Brahmins to flee from Goa by torturing and killing more than 20000 hindus.  It was easy for him to confiscate their Sanskrit and Malayalam books on Ayurveda.

The pharaohs of Egypt turned to the Maharishis from Kerala when Egypt was afflicted by smallpox, due to rodent infestation.  Imphotep – a maharishi from Kerala is till revered as a God in Egypt.  Leeches were used to vaccinate and immunize. Small pox spread into India after few discared leeches were accidentally re-used .

Digression:  Knowing the smallpox virus in Egypt, Napoleon got his whole army vaccinated. Napoleon knew the Kerala system of leech therapy and he used it on his anus which was affected by piles and a painful abcesss, due to too much riding on horseback and stress . He used it to control his gout too. The day before the battle of Waterloo his personal leech doctor was bribes by Rothschild to lose the leeches. Due to severe pain, he was injected with extra strong morphine, and he lay in a daze. Marshall Ney was bribed by Rothschild to disobey Napoleon’s strategy, and thus the battle of Waterloo was lost. This battle was financed on both sides by Rothschild, and he fooled the British public using a carrier pigeon to believe that France won the war, and into selling their shares ,which his agents bought up for a song.


After Samudra manthan happened the avatar of Vishnu, Dhanwantari rose from the oceans holding in his 4 hands, a Sudharshan Chakra ( scalar interferometry discus ), a Shankh or conch which resonates at 7.83 hertz Schumann resonance,  an amrit kalasha ( pot of ambrosia ) , and a LEECH.  Why leech – why a worm?  Why not something better to accompany the other 3 deadly gifts.

The answer is that a leech is a gift from God, to immunize . The father of Vedic Ayurveda medicine wrote about leech therapy as early as 4200 BC in Sanskrit.

Even today any Ayurvedic doctor who gets a degree goes to the Dhanwantari temple for thanksgiving  and to recite the Dhanwantari mantra, for divine assistance .

 
The famous ones are the one at Nelluvaya , 20kms from Guruvayur, the temple at Calicut and the temple at Kannur, 10 kms from the railway station.

 DHANWANTARI MANTRA:

Om shankham chakram jalaukam
dadhad amruta ghatam charu dorbhi chaturbhih
Sukshma svacch ati hridyam sukha pari vilasanam
maulim ambhoja netram
Kalam bhodojo valangam kati tata vilasan
charu pitam baradhyam
Vande dhanvantarim tam nikhila gada vanam
praudha davagni leelam

We bow to Lord Dhanvantari holding in his graceful four hands a Conch shell, a scalar energy discus , a Leech and a pot of celestial nectar.
Within whose heart shines the most pure and gentle beautiful blaze of light, which surrounds his head and emanates from his lotus eyes.
On the dark water whose body is luminous and gleaming.
Waist and thighs are covered in yellow cloth and by whose mere play
All diseases are vanquished as if by a mighty forest fire.

Lord Dhanvantari is worshipped all over India as the God of Ayurveda medicine. We do NOT celebrate Diwali in Kerala . But two days Dhanwantari is honored. At dusk, a lamp pointing toward North by North-East is lit at the doorstep of the house to welcome Lord Dhanvantari for health and happiness in life. This day is known as  Dhanwantari Triodasi.

  
Kerala has the largest collection of medicinal herbs on this planet. Few famous Dhanvanthari temples in Kerala are situated at  Kozhikode,Chertala ,  Mavelikkara, Nelluvaya, Thottuva, Kalady,  Wadakkanchery,  Chirakkal, etc.
Leeches were mainly classified as Savish Jalouka - Krushna - Karbura - Algarda - IndraYudha - Samudrika – Gauchandana--
Nirvish Jalouka - Kapila - Pingla - Bhushika - Savrika - PundrikMukhi - ShankMukhi




The main uses in the Kerala method of leech therapy ( written down in 4200BC in the 13th chapter written in Susruta Samhita--"Jalokavacharniya Adhayay” ) are  as follows:-


1)Microsurgical reattachment of body parts severed in battle. Medicinal leeches feed on the stagnant blood till the veins repair— or gangrene will set in .

2)Skin grafts for burn patients, to restore circulation in blocked veins.  Also in plastic surgery, to prevent venous congestion..

3)As a vasodilator to dilate the capillaries.

4)anti-histamine

5)Anti-coagulant. The leech saliva has enzyme and serums which prevent blood from clotting.

6)Anti-Bacterial

7)Anti-inflammatory.

8)Vaccinations

9)Anesthetic

10) Stroke patients due to blood clots in brain.

11)Allergic and poisonous insect bites.

12) To manage non healing ,ulcerated and painful piles ( like what Napoleon had )

13)Varicose veins

14)Gout

15)Inflammed eye lids as an anti-biotic.

16)Paranoid schrizophenia

17)Cosmetic purposes by chanelling blood.

18) Psoriasis and eczema.

19)Blood letting for acute stress and migraine.

20)Arthritis


 Leeches are dipped in Quantum Turmeric water enhanced with energy by scalar waves , before application. To remove a leech Saindhar powder is applied,instead of salt. The dorsal side of medicinal leeches have a thin red stripe and 3 jaws with more than 100 teeth in each of them. They are hermaphrodites. The therapeutic effect is not from the blood taken in the meal, but from the continued and steady bleeding from the wound left after the leech has detached.

   
The Jenner camp keeps shouting hoarse that they are the first to use cow serum. To them I will say this. Our Kerala Ayurvedic  system used  leeches fed on cowpox on the Pharoes  of Egypt.  The other method was to mix smallpox scabs in snuff  powder.

Isaac Newton stole Calculus from Kerala , pretty much the same way.  Punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL..

Rothschild who owned British East India Company who ruled India , introduced the small pox vaccination to the entire Hessian army who fought with blue and red coats during the American war of Independence.
********************************************************************
LORD SHIVA, SHIVA LINGAM, DANCE OF SHIVA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





GODDESS KALI ,THE BLACK HOLE , LORD SHIVA , PINEAL GLAND -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


This post will be THE most valuable piece on Shiva lingam in any language whether in books or on the web-in any language other than in Sanskrit.  


I was a bit shocked to read several articles on Shiva and Shiva lingam in THE WEEK dated 6th May 2012— absolute nonsense.

But then the owner and the Managing Editor is a Christian and he has vested interest in choosing Hindu writers who will repeat Vatican’s contention that a Shiva lingam is his erect penis and the inset is a dripping vagina ( peetham ) . 

LINGAM in Sanskrit and Malayalam means sign/ mark/ inference/ symbol/ gender/ time scale. Bhootalingam means past tense. Bhavilingam means future. Napunsaka lingam means neutral gender in Sanskrit and Malayalam.
Vatican has even gone ahead and said that Shiva ( a god for the Hindus ) is a corpse eater Aghori, covered in cremation funeral ashes.


Shiva ( destroyer ) forms a trinity with Brahma ( creator) and Vishnu ( preserver ). This is represented by the trident he carries with him signifying Tamas-Rajas-Sattva or yin-yang with the middle prong mediator.


His family is shown below. Goddess Parvati is his wife and Lord Ganesha his son. 


Ganesha the elephant god has the SWASTIKA sign ( Nazi sign ) engraved on his palm.

http://youtu.be/YQLbbDHdOMw

Click on the video link above--and continue reading all the while listening to the music.
Hinduism is the oldest religion in the world with Vedic verses being handed over by verse orally from 11000 years ago, when the white man’s land was under 1 kilometer of hard ice—referred to as the quaternary ice age.


The background behind Shiva is the Sri Yantra. There are 9 interlacing spiral energy cones , 5 pointing downwards and 4 pointing upwards. This sacred geometry contains the elusive TOE or the theory of everything. 
 


All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle.


The central triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the holistic pyramid . The Bindu is also the centre of the circle .
 The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of sanskrit alphabets ) with shiva ( male )  and shakti ( female ) qualities making the magic number 108..  Sanskrit has 54 alphabets. 


This number of 108 is represented by the 108 bead rudraksha necklace worn by Shiva. Shiva wears male earings on one ear and female earrings on the other—to depict the duality of the cosmos.


The centre dot is the Bindu or Singularity from which the big bang took place to create this egg shaped ever expanding elliptical cosmos. The Shiva Lingam is elliptical in shape –like an egg.


The vagina ( sic!) is the event horizon, which is well known by quantum physicists. Singularity is the point at which the time space curvature becomes infinite. Even Albert Einstein did NOT understand that without Singularity you cannot have a expanding Big Bang.


The Bindu of the Sri yantra represents singularity. The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita--just like inhalation and exhalation


Shiva has a drum tied to his trident which represents the big bang and origin or creation.


108 is the numerical equivalent of the Hindu king Mantra OM. When you resonate OM in living water, you form by magic the 6 pointed water crystal which is the Anahata chakra or the heart chakra.  


Shiva is always shown with living water ( Ganges ) springing out of his hair. The Jewish symbol is lifted from the Dravidian temples.


There are 108 elements in Mendeleev’s periodic table. Shiva’s tandav dance has 108 poses. Sun’s diameter is 108 times that of the earth and the distance between earth and sun is 108 times the diameter of the sun.


Shiva holds a conch bugle , which resonates at 7.83 hertz or the earth’s heartbeat. Astronauts don’t go into space without taking a 7.83 hertz feiled generator along ( Schumann’s resonance ).


The cobra snake on his shoulders represents raised Kundalini.

Shiva’s dance is the constant change or dance between a particle and wave or wave particle duality proven by the quantum Double Slit experiment.  


At the Cern super collider in Switzerland, the dancing Shiva- Nataraja’s statue occupies pride of place. None of the intelligent quantum scientists are stupid enough to install the statue of a graveyard corpse eating Aghori there. They have done it because they are doing his DANCE EXPERIMENT.


This constant non-stagnating change between black hole and quasar is the reason why the cosmos exists. In earthly parlance for a laymen it is more easily understood by the following-


( below is the ice Shiva Lingam at Amarnath cave )



A few examples are-

Energy/ matter

Particle/ wave

Cathode/ anode

Conscious/ subconscious

Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic

Catablism/ anabolism

Potential energy/ kinetic energy

Attraction/ repulsion

Excitation/ inhibition

Birth/ decay

Static / dynamic

Organic / inorganic

Freezing/ melting

Vaporization/ condensation

Positive pole/ negative pole

North pole/ southpole magnetic

Ionization/ de-ionistaion

Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex

Absorbsion/ secretion

Contraction/ relaxation

Evaporation/ condensation
 

Om Tryambakam Yajamahe,
Sugandhim Pushtivardhanam,
Urvarukamiva Bandhanan,
Mrityor Mukshiya Maamritat.
worship the three eyed lord Shiva, who is full of fragrance and who nourishes everybody with health﻿ and vitality. May he liberate me from Death and not from immortality; just as the ripe cucumber easily separates itself from the binding stalk!
The Mahamrityunjaya Mantra: महामृत्युंजय मंत्र, Mahāmṛtyuṃjaya Mantra "great death-conquering mantra"), also called the Tryambakam Mantra, is a verse of the Rigveda (RV 7.59.12), written on the banks of river saraswati in 5000 BC. In 5000 BC the rest of the world were doing grunt grunt for language.
It is addressed to Tryambaka "the three-eyed one",
ॐ त्र्यम्बकम् यजामहे सुगन्धिम् पुष्टिवर्धनम् ।
उर्वारुकमिव बन्धनान् मृत्योर्मुक्षीय मामृतात् ।।
The great dance between two pole opposites is represented in Vedic parlance as the Shiva Tandav, where the invisible behind the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. To the mystics it is the penetration of the event horizon- the dance between the physical realm and the zero point field or Aakasha.

 There is a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void. The continuous flow of energy in and out of the material world is THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA

Yin and yang are connected through 

consciousness. 

Together they express the great void at peace with itself. The dance of shiva is a perfect tango of dynamic balance. If the restraining equilibrium is lost, the universe will spin out of control. 

Energy cannot be created or destroyed, it just changes form between two opposites.


Colours exist only in our consciousness. Animals cannot see color,the way humans do. The electromagnetic wave spectrum is colourless.


The elephant passes the mirror test, that is why they find a place in Hindu temples. Among other animals a handful like chimps, bonobos etc pass the mirror test partially. 



6000 years ago, when Arjun looked into the reflection of the revolving in water golden fish overhead and shot his arrow into the ruby eye-it was a test of consciousness cum skill. 





Computers can play chess, but they are NOT conscious. No computer can laugh at a joke or tell the moral of a story –like—haste is waste   .

Self realization is called , opening the third eye of Shiva, and is the ultimate goal of consciousness. After this you can go on either side of the 5 narrow human bands on senses, and the limitations of space time.
A vedic maharshi with 12 strand DNA and a king sized pineal gland can do miracles, like converting energy to matter , telepathy, reading aakashik records etc..  They could speed uptheir chakras with a shiva lingam.
You and me have 97% junk 2 strand DNA and a calcified shrivelled and small pineal gland. The Shiva lingam raises your consciousness. 

The shiva lingam is the pineal gland of Shiva. 

The physical shape is an ellipse or an egg. The cosmos is an ellipse. Your body halo is egg shaped.
The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC). Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers.
Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc. If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge).

The MMMMM humming sound of OM Hindu king mantra, boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the human body. The lifted version of AMEN does nothing!
 This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal  DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit.  You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths  .


Electricity and gravitation are macroscopic properties that are caused by microscopic properties of the constituents. Consciousness is the macroscopic property of our brains that is caused by a microscopic property of its constituents. Quantum physics and Consciousness are deeply connected
The brain is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology. Consciousness is created by quantum mechanical phenomenon that takes place in brain cells 
Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence.
We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms 
Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. 

The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. The level of consciousness in you depends on the amount of energy it is capable of storing.
 All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. 

There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter.

The Linga is shaped like an egg, and represents the 'Brahmanda' or the cosmic egg. There is a mysterious or indescribable power or 'Shakti' in the Linga, to induce concentration of the mind, and helps focus one's attention.

There are two types of Shiva lingams. One is a black meteorite, which is heavier than iron. Where ever the Hindus found a black meteorite egg shaped stone they built a temple around it. The black stone on the SE corner of Mecca kaaba , installed 5 feet above the ground was a Shiva lingam in a Shiva temple at Mecca .



Eight months ago,  NASA declared that DNA building blocks rain down via black meteorites as star dust . This means Shiva lingam contains the SEED ( allegory for semen )


Punch into Google search NASA DNA METEORITE VADAKAYIL

Vedanta talks about the energenetic connection between the Galactic centre ( Bindu of Sri Yantra ) and the DNA molecule Intelligent waves of core energy are called SOMVARTA as per Vedas, are responsible for the spontaneous evolution of species. ( Darwin will disagree  ).


They have survived in harsh conditions of outer space. They are self directing and self organising. These spore cells would be unlike anything else found on earth. When bombarded with light they will shine like the stars in the milky way.
When the time is right, ( after 21st Dec 2012 ) the star dust DNA from outer cosmos will be energised by scalar waves and the cells will emerge to give new life forms plant and animal

Cells and DNA communicate through frequencies. DNA holds the memory of our perfect forms.

The primary function of DNA is NOT protein synthesis, as contented by biologists, but the transfer and reception of electromagnetic energy.  Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a biohologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form.

In the Vedas written in 5000 BC, Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away son of Nebula, Aditi. Aditi is the mother of all mothers. It is actually a huge energized mass of rock which revolves round the sun every 12500 years and at perigee causes lot of disturbances on planet earth.
In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times. Aditi is devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the heavenly bodies were born. The line in the Rig-Veda: "Daksha sprang from Aditi and Aditi from Daksha" has reference to "the eternal cyclic re-birth of the same divine Essence" (SD 2:247n). 

In one of its most mystic aspects Aditi is divine wisdom or consciousness. Aditi cast away her 8th son Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10-Sukta-72(10-72). 



Above is the 3100 years old Marthanda temple at Kashmir- destroyed by Muslims.
People with activated pineal glands having gold auras 528 Hz can do DNA repair and time reversal of cells by scalar energy. Jesus Christ was in Kerala for 3 years learning scalar ebergy healing and medicine.  528 hertz produced by binaural beats can do DNA repair. Evolved Maharshis with 12 strand DNA with Golden auras can also do it.
The ancient Vedic sages did NOT have junk DNA. DNA as harmonic oscillator for communications. Exposure to DNA wave information from living seeds encoded on radio waves can energise dead seeds killed by radioactivity.
Water registers precise molecular information about the world around it, and that is extremely sensitive to these frequencies coming into it.Water remembers, or stores this information, and that it can transport this into new environments These black stones resonate 12 strand DNA and large pineal glands, which gives psychic powers and allows you to become a medium or channel.



With a raised Kundalini you are in a fractal world. Your mind becomes fractal. You see colours, sounds ,as fractals. Your feelings are fractals. You see complex mathematics as fractals.


After the Templar knights raised their Kundalini using a Parad Shiva Lingam they had NO use for the Pope.
Scalar waves emitted Maharishis with NIL junk 12 strand DNA from such DNA travels faster than light, without losing strength through any medium. A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude.


 Scalar waves are very different from electromagnetic waves. They can travel over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed ( faster than light! ). Scalar waves pervade all matter and cannot be shielded against by Faraday cages. Reiki healing waves pass through the earth.


Scalar waves are the point of intersection where matter and consciousness can influence each other. 

All chakras are spiral energy. All energy is a spiral , rather a vortex--there is nothing called a wave , you see in physics books.


The mysterious Spiral is a uniting symbol for all the subjects, cosmology, quantum physics, psychology, philosophy, ancient civilisations, megalithic cultures and all occult belief systems.

Our enchanted world is in full forward flow. It must. It was never designed to stand still and sink into chaos and atrophy.
The other type of Shiva lingamis man made and is solidified mercury. Solidifying mercury is an ancient Vedic science. ‘Dharnidhar Samhita’ has given sixteen steps through which the liquid mercury has to pass to make it pure & beneficial. Then mercury can be molded into any solid form.

A number of vedic references point out to the holistic benefits of Parad Shivalinga. ‘Shivnirnaya ratnakara’ states that there’s no better Shiva-linga ever made than the one made out of mercury. In ‘Sarvadarshana Sangraha’, Lord Shiva says to Goddess Parvati that anyone who worships the Linga made out of solid mercury will face no death, disease or dearth.
The parad shiva lingam once attuned and stored with energy can activate all your 7 chakras, which are spiral vortex of energy.


The text Ras Maartand says about this Shivaling -

Ling Koti Sahastrasya Yatfalam Samyagarchanaat, Tatfal Kotigunnit Raslingaarchanaad Bhavet, Brahma-hatyaa Sahastraanni Gohatyaa Shataani Cha !
Tatshannaadwilayam Yaanti Raslingasya Darshanaat, Sparshnaapraapyate Muktiriti Satyam Shivoditam !!

Translation: A million times more fruitful is worshipping a Parad Shivaling than worshipping a thousand Shivalings. Just looking at a Parad Shivaling neutralises the effect of sin of killing a thousand Brahmins and cows

The text Rasaarnnav Tantra states-





Dharmaarthkaam-mokshaakhyaa Purushaarthashchaturvidhaa !
Sidhyanti Naatra Sandeh Rasraaj Prasaadatah !!

Translation: A person who worships a Parad Shivaling just once in his life surely gains Dharma (righteousness), Arth (wealth), Kaam (pleasures) and Moksh (spiritual progress).

The text Brahmaveivart Puraann states -






Pachyate Kaalsootrann Yaavachandradivaakari. Kritvaaling Sakrit Poojya Vasetkalpashatam Divi !
Prajaavaan Bhoomivaan Vidwaan Putra-baandhavvaanastathaa. Gyaanvaan Muktivaan Saadhuras Lingaarchanaad Bhavet !!


Translation: One enjoys all comforts in life and attains wealth, fame, position, respect, sons, grandsons, high education and prosperity if one worships a Parad Shivaling just once in one’s life time. And such a person surely reaches a high position in life.

The text Vaayveeya Samhita states -






Aayuraarogyameishvarya Yachchaanyadapi Vaanchhitam !
Raslingaarchanaadishtam Sarvatam Labhate Narah !!


Translation: Longevity, good health, prosperity and all desired achievements can be had through the worship of Parad Shivaling 




The Parad Shiva Lingam contains no other metal except Mercury. It can be made to powder by crushing and as well can be turned in to the Pure Mercury form by heating to the very high temperature comply with the Parad Sanmhita.

When mercury is stabilized, its waves solidify. This process causes effect on the mind. If one meditates beside a parad Shivalinga, the mind naturally gets concentrated. Therefore, a solidified form of mercury is of great significance because it is extremely helpful in concentrating the mind 
There is a scalar wave enhanced and charged solid mercury Shiva lingam at a temple 30kms from Coimbatore ,India.


Dhyanalinga temple was consecrated using prana prathista by Sadguru Jaggi Vasudev, a mystic. The Dhyanalinga Yogic Temple offers a meditative space and is dedicated for meditation. My wife wants to go there and see the effects for herself. 

The Templar knights has retrieved a Mercury Shiva lingam from a vault under King Solomon’s temple at Jerusalem, given to him by the Calicut king via Queen Sheba .


Increased heart field and EMF of the nervous system during the peak kundalini, acts like a biological synchrotron to actually change certain elements in the central nervous system into their high spin monatomic state. Scalar waves encode the information of space and time into a timeless, spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.
 Kundalini has the effect of stimulating an increased flow of ions upping the body’s dipole and increasing the EMF5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements. Over 5% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight is Rhodium and Iridium. During heightened activation the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to the atoms   


It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic consciousness, Buddha mind and all ESP and spiritual phenomena. . As per 7000 year old Vedas , intelligent waves called SOMVARTA are responsible for spontaneous evolution of species.


Shiva Lingam represents the totality of the cosmos and the cosmos in turn being represented as a Cosmic Egg - Brahmanda - again an Egg is a ellipsoid depiction with no beginning nor end - both literally and figuratively   .

Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness . Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head. All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness.

http://youtu.be/4-J0Jtdn7rE
Click on the video link above.


Above is a Shiva Lingamhidden in the vaults of Vatican. St Peter's church was built on top of a ancient PAGAN Shiva temple.


Above is a Shiva lingam at the Elephanta caves off Mumbai. Each and every statue ( 2000 BC ) has been shot off by thousands of bullets by the Portuguese. They did NOT have the guts to shoot at the above Shiva Lingam and the face of the Brahma, Vishnu, Shiva trinity.


Below is the hacked off Shiva Lingam at Petra. The civilisation ended after this holy stone was stolen.


 Below is the Shiva lingam at Cyprus-- hacked off.


Above , the dome of the rock at Jerusalem was a PAGAN Shiva temple.
In 7000 BC India extended from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam. I had a Russian sailor from Urals challenging me on this.
So I asked him," What is the name of the river next to your house leading to Aral sea ?" 
He said "Khara Darya!".
So I told him to ask any Indian whom he meets next, the meaning of the two words.  
And all these ex-USSR countries like Uzbekisthan, Krygysthan and all the several STHANS are all extension states from India--Rajasthan, Pakistan, Afghanisthan, --- till Palisthan ( Palestine ).



The mighty 3 metre high Shiva Linga of Hampi 4500BC above,had to be kept immersed and quenched.in the Tungabhadra river, as it was too powerful.



The picture above shows the Somnath Shiva lingam.

The picture below shows the Shiva lingam at the amazing Kailash temple of Ellora caves. Petra was built on the same lines, gouged out of single rock. The Shiva lingam and rock carvings are 3800 years old, while the paintings are dated at 2200 years old.







The black hole beyond the event horizon is represented by
Shiva’s consort Kali.


Kali is the terrifying and ferocious form of the mother goddess. Once in a battle, Kali was so much involved in the killing spree that she got carried away and began destroying everything in sight. To stop his consort, Shiva threw himself under her feet. Shocked at this sight, Kali stuck out her tongue in astonishment, and put an end to her homicidal rampage. Hence the common image of Kali shows her in her mêlée mood, standing with one foot on Shiva's chest, with her enormous tongue stuck out.

Kali is represented with perhaps the fiercest features amongst all the world's deities. She has four arms, with a sword in one hand and the head of a demon in another. The other two hands bless her worshippers, and say, "fear not"! She has two dead heads for her earrings, a string of skulls as necklace, and a girdle made of human hands as her clothing. Her tongue protrudes from her mouth, her eyes are red, and her face and breasts are sullied with blood. She stands with one foot on the thigh, and another on the chest of her husband, Shiva.
Kali's fierce form is strewed with awesome symbols. Her black complexion symbolizes her all-embracing and transcendental nature. The Mahanirvana Tantra: "Just as everything disappears into a cosmic space time black hole, so all names and forms disappear in her". Her nudity is primeval, fundamental, and transparent like Nature — the earth, sea, and sky. Kali is free from the illusory covering, for she is beyond the all maya or "false consciousness." Kali's garland of fifty four human heads that stands for the 54 letters in the Sanskrit alphabet, symbolizes infinite knowledge.

Kali is so called because She devours Kala (Time) and then resumes Her own dark formlessness.
 

The most notable Kali temples are in Eastern India — Dakshineshwar and Kalighat in Kolkata (Calcutta) and Kamakhya in Assam, a seat of tantrik practices. Swami Vivekananda was a devotee of Kali. He loved her as he would love his mother.
 

ABOVE --THE KALI MANTRA SUNG BY HEIN BRAAT.
"My child, you need not know much in order to please Me.
Only Love Me dearly.
Speak to me, as you would talk to your mother,
if she had taken you in her arms."

The infinite proceeds from the infinite.: Mundaka Upanisad
Although two atoms may be separated by several light years, behind their event horizon they are the same or the infinite and unchanging Spirit.
The vacuum ZPF connects all. In a space-time continuum with infinite curvature nothing is outside its influence, everything is in the same extreme curve, and thus there is only ONE.
There is only one event horizon, the perceivable world, all the matter we see around us. The event horizon of a black hole is not boundary as such.


 It is just an illusionary appearance,known in the Vedas as MAYA. Identification with Māyā bring suffering, transcendence of it ultimately leads to Liberation.
Brahma satyaṃ jagat mithyā, jīvo brahmaiva nāparah
“Brahman( Supreme ) is the only truth, the world is an illusion, and there is ultimately no difference between Brahman and individual self”

The biological cell obeys the conditions of a black hole singularity!
We are all cosmic creatures, made of trillions of mini black holes spinning at the speed of light while in continuous information transfer with the Infinite…The dynamical feed-back loop of information transfer with the vacuum potential is happening at the speed of light and it is what we experience as consciousness. Information is flowing out from the event horizon, as it simultaneously flows back into to the vacuum singularity, creating the feed-back phenomenon of self awareness.

The topology of consciousness (or space-time) is what produces the body and its electrochemical processes, not the other way around! Consciousness is not produced by the biology of brains, but is rather a quality of space itself, intrinsic to how the universe functions. We are the Universe, and this vast cosmos is our own body .
As is the macrocosm so is the microcosm. Atoms, planets and stars, everything are living expressions of the Cosmic Singularity observing its own Infinitude, and that infinite expanse is at the heart of our own Being.

The Rig Veda is 7000 years old.  All verses written in digital Sanskrit.  All ye Indians --you have been robbed of your rightful place in history.  You have been reduced to worshipping pricks and vaginas , by the Christian white man, who will never ever understand the field of consciousness.

 


The Sanskrit mantras above are in the DNA resonant voice of HEIN BRAAT.--a Dutchman.  His voice quality is superb and suitable for Sanskrit Mantras..

However i would suggest he re-do all his Sanskrit mantras after getting the diction all right, by listening to some Indian who sings it.



Hein Braat-- you rock !!!


By the way a deficiency in the Pineal gland causes VITILIGO-- where in your own immune system attacks you. It affects the Melanocytes of the skin.






 

I﻿ am not the mind, intellect, thought, ego, or a supreme being.
I myself am the joy of pure consciousness,  I am Shiva (divinity).



The pineal gland of this planet is Mount Kailash, of the Himalayas-the abode of Lord Shiva.  I dare anybody to call this the penis of the earth , and then climb this mountain.  Dont even try--there will be divine retribution.


Recently an Indian author by the name of Amish Tripathi , has been funded by Vatican and Zionist Jews to reduce GOD Shiva to be a MAN—and that too a sexual pervert, engaged in enticing young girls.



His books  Immortals of Meluha and The Secret of the Nagas is termed as a fantasy re-imagining the Indian deity Shiva's life.
I will advise atheist Tripathi NOT to play around with the faith of 1 billion Hindus,  the way a Muslim painter MF Hussain tried and failed.
Do NOT get carried away by the vested help you got from the West in marketing your bullshit books.
********************************************************************
STRESS KILLED FAT CAT MEOW - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


LOSS OF COMFORT ZONE KILLED FAT CAT MEOW-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


My younger son is upset. For the past several days , he was monitoring the happenings in fat cat's life.

We have 3 cats and hence you can safely assume that we know a bit about cats.

The 18 kilo cat hit world headlines after it came on American TV shows.

The 2 year old Meow's 87 year old owner put it up in an animal shelter. 

This cat was USED to gain publicity and acceptance for "healthy" branded cat foods. He lost 1 kilo quite fast.

Cats eat only what they want. They do NOT live to eat like human beings.

The poor guy was made to walk up the stairs and put on a strange crash diet. 

His body went into shock and the first sign of acute distress is wheezing.

Cats get extremely stressed when they lose their comfort zone. 

Here Meow lost his home. He was paraded around, under constant glare and was handled and petted by strangers .

Cat owners will tell you never to make a cat insecure. The first sign is they start urinating to mark its territory. 

This is the way its DNA blue print has been programmed by God. Have you seen, a kitten digging a hole for a crap and then covering it up? 

When a cat is sick it wants to be left alone, as it wants to conserve energy . 

It will NOT eat or drink water. This is NOT the time to force-feed slimmers, or force -exercise the poor guy.

Owning a cat is a good forerunner for marriage, for it will do everything including doling out affection, on its own sweet time table. 

Cats have absolute emotional honesty . A cat is NOT a hypocrite.

If you are worthy of affection a cat will be your friend,but never your slave. A cat has no use or need for society. 

The purity of a person's heart can be quickly guaged by the way they regard cats. Dog owners demanding unconditional love, will never ever understand this.

SOCIETY , HUNGRY FOR PETTY PUBLICITY , KILLED MEOW, THE FAT CAT.

RIP, my friend !!  

Here is a 8000 year old vedic Sanskrit chant for you--
********************************************************************
MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MONSANTO-- GENETICALLY MODIFIED SEEDS AND THE INDIAN FARMER.



MONSANTO belongs to the Zionist Rothschild cartel.  

Yes- Rockefeller and Ford foundations who fund Team Anna , and have given them several awards are also part of this HUGE cartel.




German Jews Rothschild owned the East India Company who ruled India and made their fortune by Opium drug running.

Zionist Jews Monsanto family started off by doing well in the slave trade.

Today Vietnamese are crying hoarse about DOW sponsoring British Olympics. Well it was Monsanto who made Agent Orange. Punch into Google search AND THE WINNER IS VADAKAYIL.




A lot of Monsanto funded NGOs in India are "double agents". They fight tooth and nail for organic farming, but behind closed doors they are the agents for Monsanto. 

Monsanto brand is the WORST brand on this planet. They have been totally exposed.



Yet, you will never ever find an Indian TV channel funded by Rothschild, saying a word about Monsanto. For such is the fear they have unleashed. 

These TV channels will cry hoarse and shed crocodile tears about the 2 lakh farmer suicides in India. They all know that Monsanto is responsible, yet they will never utter the M word. Who wants to lose well paying jobs.

Monsanto came to India for selling genetically engineered seeds by bribing Indian politicians. Once you get into the pay roll of Monsanto there is NO way out.  It is just like doing a favour for any drug cartel . Once IN there is no way OUT.




For Monsanto uses the services of mercenary soldiers . Blackwater who have re branded themselves as XE. They know how to punish traitors to their cause. In Iraq this hit-squad Blackwater were known as the Shadow Army. 

In 2009, Rothschild controlled Forbes magazine gave Monsanto the company of the year in 2009. Forbes 500 does NOT even contain the name of Rothschild who controls this planet.



We Indians already know the Judas TV new channels and media who have sold out our motherland To Monsanto. Yes these are the same ones who keep getting Rothschild controlled awards. 

We also know the individual journalists , reporters and NGOs who keep getting awards from Monsanto controlled philanthropist organisations . We know who all go to USA and Europe on all expenses paid by Monsanto/ Rothschild  jaunts.

It is just a matter of time , when all these Judases will be rounded up and put into jail--the same way Raja is in jail.




Thanks to Monsanto the bee population on this planet has declined. This is dangerous as bees are essential for pollination. Nil bees and the planet will die in less than a decade. When bees are affected by pesticides they inbuilt radars get shut down, and they get lost. 

Punch into google search THE QUEEN BEE , VADAKAYIL. 

A year ago Monsanto bought research firm Beelogics to give bull --like how Rothschild owns Wine Magazines to  give their own wines rave reviews and conduct fake and rigged up auctions .

Rothschild controls the IMF and the World bank. A decade ago the Indian government "allowed " Monsanto into India, in exchange for IMF fund loans. Monsanto started off with GM or genetically modified cotton. Lot of Monsanto funded NGOs broke sweat to encourage farmers to try out GM seeds. 




Even Christian missionary NGOs were involved in this, in addition to selling Jesus Christ to gullible farmers. With Catholic Italian Sonia Gandhi breathing down his neck, Prime Minister Manmohan Singh has NOT done what he is supposed to do.

Pretty soon 90% of Indian cotton farmers use GM cotton seeds. After 5 years a lot of these farmers went bust. Little did they know that these GM seeds require more water and more Monsanto pesticides. 

Once Monsanto got monopoly in cotton seeds they jacked up the prices. The farmers were fooled into giving written undertakings that they have to buy new seeds every time. They have taken away the age old farmers right to use their own grown seeds . 




Monsanto GM seeds  are terminator seeds or sterile seeds And like how Bill Gates changes the Windows version , Monsanto also started their Version 1 , Version 2.2 seeds--or-- second / third generation seeds.  So the farmers had to borrow money from money lenders, and get themselves into a debt trap, with declining yield crops.

A thousand farmers killing themselves every month, yet not a single Rothschild controlled TV channel or media writes about it in a honest manner.

Contrary to Monsanto claims genetically engineered seeds does NOT increase the yield. The Monsanto method has given birth to Super Weeds and Super Pests, as they become resilient. Ground water is now polluted as more deadly pesticides have to be used in greater doses. 



Honestly Indians are being used as guinea pigs , all under the blessings of our politicians and foreign funded double agent NGOs--who have Swiss bank accounts. By the way Swiss banks are owned by Rothschild.

Today if you visit hospitals in India the kidney and liver sections are full . Whom do we need to thank?

The power corridors of USA have Monsanto men. They are huge financial contributors to the political system. This is the reason why you have US politicians coming to India to sing the praises of few select multi-national firms.

INDIA MUST BAN GM SEEDS LIKE IN GERMANY, HUNGARY,IRELAND ETC.  AS LONG AS OUR POLITICIANS TAKE BRIBES THIS IS NOT GONNA HAPPEN.

And we also have our anti-corruption Monsanto funded NGOs going on fasts and barking up the wrong tree-- just putting the common gullible Indian in fog. We have moth eaten faces coming on prime time on Rothschild controlled TV channels brainwashing their own countrymen.

A lot of people will NOT have problems with Monsanto if they are honest. They pretend to be the messiahs and savior of planet earth . 

They have a policy and core value pledge which will make you cry.  This is the height of self -delusion.

SNIFF!!





Integrity
Integrity is the foundation for all that we do. Integrity includes honesty, decency, consistency, and courage. 

Sharing
We will share knowledge and technology to advance scientific understanding, to improve agriculture and the environment, to improve crops, and to help farmers in developing countries.

Respect
We will respect the religious, cultural, and ethical concerns of people throughout the world. The safety of our employees, the communities where we operate, our customers, consumers, and the environment will be our highest priority.



 
Then how do they explain the 2 lakh farmer suicides in India, all affected by Monsanto?  Hey, what about giving some compensation for a life you have taken. These farmers lost their lands on payment of collateral to buy Monsanto seeds. They were given dreams of 'reaping the golden harvest", right? 

In India we have 60% farmers in a land of 1300 million, while it is only 1% in USA. Already US politicians using world bank and IMF are arm twisting India to reduce this 60% farmers to 10%. 

New York University School of Law put the 2009 farmer suicide figure at 17368. This prompted Prince Charles to hit out against Monsanto , GM seeds and corporate control over Indian agriculture.

In a US poll conducted by Natural News ( 16000 people )  an astonishing 51% of the people gave Monsanto the award for being the most EVIL corporation on this planet. Yet in India with so many suicides we hardly know, thanks to the combined efforts of double agents foreign funded NGOs , media, judges , lawyers and politicians.

Today Monsanto owns more than 90% of GM seeds all over the world. Who says, this cannot be used as a military tactic, to bring some country down to its knees? The moment US took over Iraq, the first thing the US military Governor did was to issue a fiat-- only Monsanto GM seeds can be used in Iraq.

Can you believe this ? Monsanto sued the Gujarat Govt saying that they has NO right to control the prices of seeds. And who is fighting for Monsanto?  Italian Catholic woman Sonia Gandhi's pet warrior Abhishek Singhvi! She is the same woman who signed away India's nuclear rights.

Monsanto has bribed Indian politicians to give FREE maize seeds in several Indian states to put the hook on. It was the Prime Minister's office who did most of the spade work.

Once FDI in retail for multi-brand WALMART comes in they will make sure only their Jewish Zionist brother's TERMINATOR SEED produce can be sold in their stores. Yes, the real big farms owned by their stooges. 

Screw you--mom and pop farmers!

Now here is their latest effort. They are offering high tech solutions to Global Warming! They seek to control the planets water resources, in addition to food.

In 2010 Indian Environment minister Jairam Ramesh has put a moratorium on GM seeds. But Monsanto will carry on, to privatise Indian agriculture. Why NOT? They have the bribed politicians and the servile media behind them.



Nearly all GM crops are designed with genes to resist a potent herbicide called Round Up or glyphosate. This roundup pesticide is very dangerous for human beings..Upwards of 65 percent of U.S. corn crops contain a special gene added that allows them to produce an insecticide. This way, when bugs attempt to eat the corn they're killed right away (specifically their stomach is split open) because the plant contains an invisible, built-in pesticide shield.

The particular gene added to most corn crops is a type of Bt-toxin -- produced from Bacillus thuringiensis bacteria. Genetic engineers remove the gene that produces the Bt in bacteria and insert it into the DNA of corn (and cotton) plants. They claim that Bt-toxin is quickly destroyed in human stomachs -- and even if it survived, it won't cause reactions in humans or mammals --is all bull... Bt toxin is readily passing into the human bloodstream. Bt-toxin does causes adverse health effects in humans.
Once these GM crops and genes get into the wild, they will eventually contaminate all of the non-GM crops so that at some point in the future, there will be no non-GM crops in the world! Once the GM genes have contaminated all of the non-GM plants, there is presently no way to remove these synthetic genes from the plants. We’ll all be stuck with these toxic plants that produce toxic foods.

In fact, it is said that any food that comes in a box in the supermarket can be assumed to contain GM elements.

GM foods may be associated with a number of problems. It is hard to specifically define them because biotechnology companies do not allow independent scientist to acquire their products. They have manipulated the political process so that they have patent protection over their GM products.  

Genetically modified foods can cause disruption of DNA, which is cancer.

In order to avoid eating GM foods, you must:
-Buy organic, which isn’t allowed to use GM inputs
-Buy products labeled Non-GMO

Why are we allowing Monsanto to tamper with the building blocks of India, when we have just freed ourselves from 800 years of slavery?'




Do we need these Frankenstein food seeds and pesticides ? 


  

Why are we allowing our ex-ruler Rothschild cartel to collect royalty from our poor farmers.? 




Why is there NO retribution for the shameful farmer suicides?  




Do we need GM seeds which require Monsanto fertilisers and Monsanto pesticides over our traditional organic seeds which just requires FREE cow dung  and water? 




Why are we growing these "lipstick" foods which have NIL food value, minerals and vitamins?




Why do we allow Monsanto to inject cancer causing bovine growth hormone rBGH into our cows?  




Why are we allowing Monsanto to have unbridled and absolute control over India? 




Can we have a Indian world without monster Monsanto?


 

Mark my words -- wait for the spurt of cancer , kidney and brain diseases in India , in just 10 years time.





Capt Ajit Vadakayil PREDICTS that planet earth will become inhabitable if we allow GM crops.

The reason is they kill bees .

Where ever GM corn has been planted ,  bees have died enmasse .

There are deadly bee killing insecticide ( neonicotinoids  ) Imidacloprid and Clothianidin hiwch must be studied immediately..

They  seep into pollen and nectar, damaging beneficial insects such as bees.

Neonicotinoid pesticides kill honeybees by damaging their immune system, making them unable to fight diseases and bacteria.

A third of everything we eat is pollinated by bees and other beneficial insects. This accounts for over 30 billion in the global economy.

If bees die, our food supplies die, too.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/09/queen-bee-and-darwin-capt-ajit.html


http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2011/08/honey-quantum-food-capt-ajit-vadakayil.html






Formaldehyde has ben discovered in GM corn at high levels.  Formaldehyde warps  DNA and causes cancer.

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/08/formalin-as-fish-preservative-and.html




Monsanto falsely claims that Roundup is harmless to animals and humans because the mechanism of action it uses (which allows it to kill weeds), called the shikimate pathway, is absent in all animals.  



What they hide is that the shikimate pathway is present in bacteria- the reason why it is extremely harmful for mammals. There are 10 times more bacteria than the cells in your body.




For every cell in your body, you have 10 microbes of various kinds, and all of them have the shikimate pathway, so they will all respond to the presence of glyphosate!

Glyphosate, is the active ingredient in Monsanto’s broad-spectrum herbicide Roundup, which is generously doused on GM crops..



Glyphosate kills the good and friendly microbes in your body.  We Indian never knew of Autism, allergies,  infertility,  hypo thyroid caused dimwit babies, colitis,  morbid obesity, early onset of girls menses, malformed babies , depression, hormone disorders ,  Parkinsons /Alzhiemers disease till GM foods were introduced in India by GREEN REVOLUTION .


Monsanto’s roundup is considered an “xenoestrogen,” which is a foreign estrogen that mimics real estrogen in our bodies.  I am in the Chemical field and we are trained in all this  .



In 2009, a French court found Monsanto guilty of lying; falsely advertising its Roundup herbicide as "biodegradable," "environmentally friendly" and claiming it "left the soil clean."



Zionist GM companies have bribed our politicians and lawmakers.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON, BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THOR, ZEUS, MARDUK, AMMON,
BRIHASPATI AND JUPITER





Yesterday I saw a Hollywood movie with my wife and younger son. It was a 3D movie by the name of “The Avengers”.
It has Thor, Ironman , Hulk and Capt Marvel teaming up to defeat Thor’s brother Loki, who was hell bent on enslaving this planet.

I casually remarked that Thor is Brihaspati.

Both my wife and son asked “Briha — who?”

I said “Never mind!”

The Rig Veda ( 4:40:1 ) mentions Brihaspati in 5000 BC, at least 3000 years before the Norwegians could cook up  Thor or the Greeks could cook up Zeus or the Babylonian could do ditto to Maruk or for the matter Egyptians with Ammon..


Brihaspati represents planet Jupiter in Indian Astronomy and Astrology.

Also it represents Thursday. Thursday is named after Thor much later.

Brihaspati is the son of Maharishi Angirasa and Sarupa, as per Shiva Purana. During the time of Samudra Manthan , Maharishi Brihaspati was the Guru of the Devas or Gods.


The cone shaped Mount Meru churning the sea is the Pineal Gland of Lord Shiva.
This was while Maharishi Shukracharya, son of Maharishi Brighurishi was the mentor of the Asura demons.

Samudra Manthan is the reason for the famous Kumbh Mela in India-- one of the greatest scenes of cosmic consciousness.


While brawny Thor rides Goats , brainy Brihaspati , who is aasociated with Mathematics and Science rides elephants. Thor wields a hammer, Brihaspati wields a staff made of Gold.


Brihaspati’s element is Ether, as is mentioned in Skanda Purana.

Thor:


Zeus


Ammon




Marduk 



In Samudra Manthan the snake Vasuki uses Mount Meru as the churning dasher. Wanna see Merus of this world?



Below is Sri Yantra Meru


Below is Hindu Temple Meru



Below is Machu Picchu ( Peru ) Meru.


Below is The Egyptian Pyramid Meru ( Built by Imphotep -- a Maharishi from Kerala ). He always holds Ankh--the key to Meru.




Below is King's chamber Meru



Below is Vatican Meru




Below is Rossyln Chapel ( Templar Knights who dug under Solomon's temple ) Meru.



Below is Angkor Wat Hindu temple Meru.



I get the sneaky feeling that some are sniggering over this post. 

So the following is for the non-believers. I do NOT feel the need to expound too much. People who deserve to be in the dark, let them be right there.

Maya Danava, an Asura wrote the Surya Siddhanta. 

His beautiful daughter ( adopted --she was an Apsara ) married King Ravana of Sri Lanka. Lord Rama had defeated Ravana in 4300 BC as per the Ramayana.  Ravana had a Vimana flying saucer, powered by mercury ion expanding and imploding vortex technology. After the Ramayana war Sri Rama returned the Vimana to its original owner Kubera.

Maya Danava was a architect par excellence. He built the Maya Sabha at Indraprasta. The Mahabharata war's root cause was this hall and Draupadi, the common wife of Pandavas. 

King Duryodhana was very circumspect with the highly polished floor, thinking they were water pools. Draupadi laughed loudly from the balcony when she saw this. This made Duryodhana less careful and he actually stepped into a water pool and got drenched. When he got off the pool totally embarrassed , Draupadi laughed again-- more loudly. In those days it was unbecoming of a princess to laugh in this uncouth manner at a guest King. 

It was then Duryodhan told her " This laughter is gonna cost you dear!"--the real root cause of the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC.



Maya is also the son of Simhika who tried to prevent Hanauman from reaching Sri Lanka. Sri Lanka , a Capital city with amazing arhitecture was built by Maya. 

He built the Maya Sabha fo the Pandavas because Arjuna had spared his life ( Kahandava Dahanam ) and Lord Krishna wanted him to repay by kind.

Maya also built the Tripura ( Atlantis for the Greeks ), which was destroyed by Lord Shiva. Maya ran away to Patala ( Peru ) after that . 

To find out how he reached there --punch into Google search  FLIGHT OF VEDIC VIMANA VADAKAYIL . 

Prepare to be shell shocked.

Whaaa Peru? 

DUH!

Check ut this video below about Vimanas or flying saucers 

 

Shukracharya’s guru was Maharishi Rishi Angirasa . In his childhood his teacher showed partiality and nepotism towards his own son Brihspati while in competition with Shukracharya , though his son was NOT as good.  This was the root cause of the Mahabharata war and other jealous races like Persians, Greeks and Romans outside India.

When the Devas ( Gods ) chose Brihaspati as their Guru,  Shukracharya who expected to be chosen became very bitter and spiteful. He then offered his services to the Asuras ( enemies of Devas ). Shukracharya is also known the god AHURA MAZDA, and the prophet ( religious reformer ) of this religion   in Persia is Zoroaster.

Shukrachaya was the mentor for the Asuras during Samudra Manthan. The Mayans followed a calendar based on Venus ( Shukra ). The devas ( gods ) followed the Jupiter calendar.  Patala was on the opposite side of the world. Mayan architecture has the same Vaasti shastra as the Vedic architecture. Samudra Manthan has been found in cave carvings in Peru ( tortoise carrying Meru ) and Mexico.

Now getting back to Surya Siddhanta, which gave Astronomy to the planet 5500 years before anybody else could dream of all this.




It contains accurately, the diameter of the Earth, its circumference, eclipses, the number of days in a week, a month and a year. It gives the diameter of planets, and modern Trigonometry ( Sin/ Cos/ Tan/ Secant ) and Spherical trigonometry.


The average length of the tropical year is given as 365.2421756 days in Surya Siddhanta, which is only 1.4 seconds shorter than the modern value of 365.2421904 days, of the atomic clock age.


The average length of the siderial year or the actual length of the Earth's revolution around the sun, as 365.2563627 days, which is almost the same as the modern value of 365.25636305 days .


So you may as well start believing this post.  

All Indians pleas spend some time in viewing this Video below. Your entire past history has been stolen by the Christian invaders. Muslim invaders wanted only Gold and pretty women. Christian white man wanted to patent all authorless ancient works of India. 

For ancient Indians knowledge was like air and water --FREE for all !!!

Below:  6000 year old Lord Rama and Hanuman carvings in Silemania,  Iraq.




 

Greeks have shamelessly copied from Hindusim—which is thousands of years older. Hence stealing is one one way lane.

Brihaspati is Jupiter , Thursday is named after him Guruvar ( Thirsday ) is for Guru Brihaspati. .  Same way Jupiter is Zeus/ Thor. Thor’s day is Thursday. The astrological and astronomical sign of the planet Jupiter (♃Jupiter) is  used to represent Thursday.

Greeks have lifted Kronos  (father of gods and titans) from Maharishi Kashyap—the father of Hindu devas and asuras .

King Kamsa killing all babies of his sister Devaki till Lord Krishna is saved is lifted by plagiarists Greeks for Kronos ( he swallows all his babies ) till Zeus is born—to avert a prophecy.. Rhea , wife of Kronos is equivalent to Devaki.

The Greek trinity gods   Zeus / Poseidon/ and Hades are lifted from Brahma / Vishnu/ Shiva.

Hindu goddess trinity is Saraswati/ Parvati/ Lakshmi is copied as Hera, Hestia and Demeter

Goddess Lakshmi ( wealth ) is Hera.

Goddess Saraswati ( learning and fine arts  ) is Athena

Yama ( god of death ) is Hades

God Varuna is Poseidon.

Vishwakarma ( divine architect ) is Haphastus.

God Murugan is Ares.

Krishna’s weak foot pierced by an arrow  is same as Achilles foot.

Krishna and Hercules kill giant snakes.

Indian Sapta rishis is copied as seven sisters.

Lord Rama went after a king who stoles his wife —same is the cause of the Trojan war where Helen was stolen.
Several people came to India to get a cure for epilepsy and went back as intellectuals after stealing our intellectual rights. 

Pythagoras was NOT even a mathematician. 

He came to Kerala by ship all the way from Greece 2500 years ago, to cure his debilitating epilepsy with cannabis extract. 

He hung around in the Kerala School of Math , without understanding a dang thing--
- but he had some notes with him and went back as the planet’s No 1 mathematician , thinker and a vegetarian to boot.

One thing must be understood very clearly . People in the ancient days –before  Alexander the Great came to India by ship. And the biggest trade port was Calicut my hometown. People who tried to come in via the Hindu Khush mountains died a horrible death as the Bolan and Khyber passes were a closely guarded secret.

Pythagoras theorem was too simple for Kerala Mathematicians .  They could do the same thing via advanced Calculus. 

Now , an epileptic  brain damaged MORON like Pythagoras could never ever understand advanced Calculus—simple geometry –yeah !

How do you think they arrived at the divine 108 beads number in our Rudraksha mala ?

How did they know the relative distance of sun and the moon , thousands of years before Pythagoras  was born in 570 BC ?

Punch into Google search-
ISAAC NEWTON , THE CALCULUS THIEF VADAKAYIL

100 years later Plato would come to Kerala by ship and learn for a few years .  And then he went back as a greater cat than Pythagoras— he was now the planet’s No 1 THINKER !
  
Both Pythagoras and Plato had NOTHING original to offer to this planet — other than what they stole and patented in their own names .

Really I am NOT interested in any arguments with wannabe gora gaands on Greeks Pythagoras and Plato.

Without understand what the hell is CONSCIOUSNESS bot these jokers Plato and Pythagoras shared a "mystical approach to the soul and its place in the material world". Oh Boy !

Pythagoras is now known as the first person on this planet to have taught the earth was spherical, with antipodes and that it revolved around the sun. Oh  Boy!

Well I suggest you must read my post below. 

Punch into Google search-

HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY VADAKAYIL

Greek Plato  ( 427BC-347 BC ) also went back from Kerala as a Mathematician ( he was smarter than Pythogoras )  and a philosopher.

He shared his spoils with his mentor Socrates, and fellow homosexual side kick Aristotle ( 384 BC- 322 BC ) and got himself immortalized as the founder of the Academy in Athens, the first institution of higher learning in the Western world. 

Socrates and Plato were hardcore homosexuals  . Aristotle initiated Alexander the great into homosexuality.

Thus this gruesome HOMOSEXUAL TRIO  of Plato, Socrates and Aristotle laid the foundations of Western philosophy and science with stolen and patented knowledge .

Pythagoras gave his stolen Ayurveda ( excerpts from treatises of Susruta and Charaka ) to the grandfather of Hippocrates. In those days Greeks knew NOTHING of human anatomy and physiology because of the strict Greek taboo forbidding the dissection of human cadavers.

Hippocrates , the FATHER OF WESTERN MEDICINE tried to fudge 6000 year old Ayurveda and give it his own spin. After all he was just a spin doctor, whose entire knowledge was from his grandfather.

Example :
In Ayurvedic medicine, there are 3 basic temperaments: Vata (gas), Pitta (bile) and Kapha (phlegm).
Hippocrates ( 460BC- 370 BC ) threw in one more most STUPID item ( blood—TEE HEEE ) into the works.  For in the Sushruta Samhita, it is stated that blood ( Rakta ) , is a DHATU  in Ayurveda.
So his fudged treatise talks about - bilious (bile), sanguineous (blood),  phlegmatic (phlegm) and atrabiliary (black bile).  And he removed Vata ( gas ) –the most important one.  Show what an amazing idiot he is.

Hippocrates the thief did several more spins in medicine-- that body is made of water, air, earth and fire.  He left out vaccum of Ayurveda . In the Ayurvedic system, body is made of water, air, earth, fire and vacuum. Digestion is explained as cooking of food with the help of body-fire.

Hippocrates theory that the human body is a microcosm of the universe is lifted from Ayurveda/ Upanishads .

Information about Hippocrates can also be found in the writings of Aristotle, which date from the 4th century BC.  All newly qualified doctors take what is called the ‘Hippocratic Oath’- NOT knowing that he is NOT worth to take an oath on.

Noting that Pythagoras got himself healed of Epilepsy, Hippocrates was absolutely cock sure of stating that epilepsy is NOT created by the Greek gods- and that like for every other illnesses it had a natural cause.

Stupid Hippocrates wrote that raw food is bad.  Cant blame him, after all it was his grandfather who received third party stolen stuff. 

Hippocrates mistook the Ayurvedic word  AMA.

The Ayurvedic word for toxins, ama, means, "crude" or "raw" - residues from faulty or incomplete pepsis that haven't been properly integrated into the body and its functioning, and therefore impede it.

OK, FOLKS, TIMES HAS NOW COME TO BUST A BOMBSHELL WHICH IS GONNA SHIVER YOUR TIMBERS  .

Enter Orpheus  –  the Indian seer , a master musician and sitarist,  the holy man who brought Pythagoras to Kerala by ship and took him back via Muzris ( Kodungallur— cultural centre of Calicut king  ) Bernice  ( Red sea port of Egypt ) and Alexandria ( Egypt ) . 

Orpheus was a Brahmachari , a celebate sage who was a veena virtuoso.   Veena is the oldest musical instrument on the planet.

Jealous Aristotle and Plato tried to paint him as a homosexual and a woman hater, which he was NOT.

Herodotus had clearly written that Orpheus who would play divine string music and tame wild animals came from India.

Orpheus , a strict vegetarian introduced spirituality to Greece  .  He was known for the use of holy theertham from a copper bowl and a Tulsi ( basil) leaf which he used to keep in his mouth .

Cicero called Orpheus , the tawny hued , a devotee of Bacchus ( Krishna ) crowned with kissos ( Tulsi).

Western historians and the Pope blurred  Jesus and Orpheus , and pretty soon it was Jesus who was attributed to all the qualities of Orpheus – enchanting wild animals with a 7 stringed lyre .

The original sitar ( derived from the veena  ) has seven strings  which run over curved, raised frets ( Rudra / Saraswati veena) , and the remainder are sympathetic strings (tarb,  taarif , tarafdaar) which run underneath the frets and resonate in sympathy with the played strings.

It was Orpheus who gave Pythagoras  the mathematical relations of the notes on the musical scale.
The wisdom of the ancients has been taught by the philosophers of Greece, but also by people called Jews in Syria, and by Brahmins in India."--Megasthenes- 300 BC.

Orpheus the tawny hued Hindu Maharishi from Kerala, India gave music to the west.  

Before that their music consisted of clanging rocks and shouting nonsense. .

Orpheus also gave  astrology and magic ( mantravadam ),  vedic metaphysics ( magna grecia ) from Kerala to the west.

Orpheus was a master in astrology, and all Greek astrology is though Orpheus.

The Greeks spliced on the FAKE story of Eurydice to Orpheus, based on the MIRRORED version of ancient Hindu myth of Savitri and Satyavan.    

This is about the efforts of Orpheus to retrieve his wife, Eurydice, (who was killed by a serpent on their wedding night ) from the underworld. Orpheus went down to Hades to claim her, and played so sweetly with his lute that Pluto allowed Eurydice to return to the earth with Orpheus, but on condition that he did not look behind him until he had reached the terrestrial regions. Orpheus, however, in his anxiety to see if she were following him, looked round, and Eurydice disappeared from his sight, instantly and forever. 

This LOOKING BACK story is mirrored from the lore of Adi Shankaracharya bringing Devi to Kerala in 2000 BC —  he looked back and Devi disappeared at the spot of Mookambika temple at Kollur Karnataka.

Pythagoras learnt metempsychosis from India.  Metempsychosis is the Greek equivalent of the 11000 year old Vedic Hindu doctrine of transmigration of the soul, Karma and and reincarnation after death.
Almost every Greek text tells that Orpheos was famous for Ahimsa or non-violence . In Euripides' play Hippolytos a father taunts his son with the "lifeless food" he eats since taking Orpheos for his "king."

Orpheus is praised for his knowledge of medicine and astrology ( ONLY Ayurveda and Indian astrology existed those days).

Punch into Google search-
MIHIRA MUNI , THE GREAT ASTROLOGER CUM ASTRONOMER VADAKAYIL

The name of India, so far as is known, first appears in Greek literature in the 5th century B.C. in the works of Hekataios and Herodotos.

Herodotos of Halikarnassos (484-425 B. C.) whose histories have survived in their entirety had written clearly about India .   Herodotos writes about India's population, saying that the Indians are "more in number than any nation known to me.” 
  
He goes to great details while telling of Kerala’s  wealth in gold; He tells about  Indian birds and beasts he regards as much bigger than those existing elsewhere, except for horses. Indian clothing he describes as made from wool growing on trees (i.e. cotton) and the amazing thin cotton Calico cloth , we use in Kerala as Mundu ( dhoti ).

Herodotos' most famous statement about India- that gold is produced in the Indian desert by fierce ants larger than foxes- , which appears to be bull, just for kicks.  

Unless these large ants were golden jackals who would call a nearby tiger .  Such jackals had terrific night vision and sniffing ability ( excellent for bomb detection squads ) and leads the tiger to juicy prey , and then eats the left overs , which the grateful tiger deliberately leave behind.

Many Indian seers visited Greece , as in 7000 BC, India ruled Palistan ( Palestine ) . Once when Socrates was asked by an Indian seer, what he does for a living . When Socrates replied that he "investigated human life," the Indian laughed aloud , saying that "no one was able to observe human affairs if he was ignorant of divine matters and consciousness ."

Vegetarianism in Greece is called Orphikos bios, or "Orphic way of life". Only Indians were vegetarians those days.

Aristotle ran down OR rather tried to convert Orpheus to be a homosexual like him, just because of a song he wrote about a red-lipped boy on the ship Argos. ( AAHA red lips  came out of sucking too hard TEE HEEEE )

Both Orpeheus and the converted Pythagoras forbade the sacrifice of animals—so there goes the western theory of animal sacrifice in Indian temples.

Let me quote ( I usually do NOT care for such third party references ) of the parallels between the Orphic path and the yogic as written by Joseph John Campbell :  “a system both of thought and practice, exactly paralleling that of Indian asceticism, was communicated by initiated masters to little circles of devotees. 

The soul, it was declared, returned repeatedly to life, bound to the wheel of rebirth (compare the Sanskrit samsara).  Through asceticism (Sanskrit, tapas), however, the body could be purged of its Titan dross (Sanskrit, mirjara, ‘shedding’) and the soul released (Sanskrit, moksha, ‘release’). 

Also, rituals fostering meditation on the godly factor were of help (Sanskrit, bhakti, ‘devotion’).  And when, at last, in rapture (samadhi), the initiate cleaved to his own intrinsic being (svasvarupman), he was divine (Shivaham, ‘I am Shiva.’)”.

The gay side kick of Aristotle wrote : “ Orpheus so hated women he chose to be reborn as a motherless swan”  .  It is a pity that he visited India , yet he knew nothing of Brahmacharya.

However Plato respects Orpheus for his poetry ,the sweet hymns  of the hexameter form that revolutionized Greek poetry.   For Greek / Latin classics Homer's Iliad and Odyssey and Virgil's Aeneid have inherent the Dactylic hexameter ( heroic hexameter)  a form of meter in poetry or a rhythmic scheme, like the metered Sanskrit verses.

The mysterious The Testament of Orpheus was the most important Orphic document for six centuries after it’s “discovery” circa 300 AD.  In it Orpheus says when in Egypt he met Moses who taught him about monotheism.

A circa 350 AD hematite magic amulet, once in the collection of the Berlin Museum, depicted a man crucified on a cross with a moon and seven stars above his head and the words Orpheoc Bakkikoc.  It was declared to be a forgery by a furious pope Pius XII.

The Orphic doctrine was purely vedic Indian and  remained on a mythological plane, interpreting the universe in terms of personalized deities and procreation. Pythagoras refined and rationalized it and grabbed the glory later.

A Indian Christian trader named Theophilos, from originally from Kerala and resident in Socotra island ( Aloe vera trade ) undertook several missionary journeys on behalf of the Roman emperor Constantius in the mid-4th century.   He writes of a small Christian community in on the Malabar coast which traces its origins to Jesus' disciples Thomas and  Bartholomew. 

 Bartholomew is one of the 12 disciples of Jesus and ismentioned in three Synoptic gospels: Matthew,[10:1–4] Mark,[3:13–19] and Luke,[6:12–16] and also appears as one of the witnesses of the Ascension[Acts 1:4,12,13]; however, each time he is named in the company of Philip.  He is not mentioned in Gospel of John.

In the mid-6th century the Alexandrian merchant Kosmas Indikopleustes (India-navigator- TEE HEEEE ) is reputed to have visited the Malabar coast and Ceylon.  Kosmas was the author of a stolen world-geography and a book on stolen Kerala astronomy.

In his letter The Orphic Comparison of the Sun to God Ficino explains “It is certainly in the Sun that visible light is created from the light of consciousness, and there also sight is created from 
understanding.  For there understanding is no different from the light of consciousness, nor sight from visible light.”

Consciousness ? 

TEEE HEEEE !

See, in a few paras I have trashed entire Greek history—



Brihaspati presides over guruvar ( Thursday ) .  Brihaspati puja is on Thursdays.  Brihaspativar is Thursday, a holy day for white European Christians.   Maundy Thursday is the day Jesus Christ washed the feet of his disciple. Thursday is ascension day for Christians.


Shukravar ( Friday ) is a holy day for Muslims –people from middle east who worshiped Shukracharya..
********************************************************************
THE TEN AVATARS OF VISHNU - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DASHAVATARAM-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.





In this post I will correct a few mistakes deliberately introduced by Vatican, into Indian mythology.


It must be remembered that Indian were slaves for 800 years , first to the invading Muslims and then to the invading Christians.

It suited the invaders to subvert Indian history.


There has been a deliberate attempt to place Lord Buddha as an avatar of Vishnu. It cannot be so. Buddha was an Indian and he was a mere mortal.



Buddha threw Vedic knoweldge open to the common man. Vedas were monopolised by the BrahmIns.They went around claiming that the BrahmAn or the Vedas referred to them.

Nothing is further from the truth.

BrahmAn as per Vedas means THE MORPHOGENIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD. 

This was written down in the Rig Veda in 5000 BC in the Sanskrit language ,when the whole world was clubbing down animals for food, living in dark caves and doing grunt grunt for language.




The world has understood the meaning of Consciousness after German Werner Karl Heisenberg visited Santiniketan in India and understood its implications and then went back and secured for himself Quantum Physics fame , fortune and the Nobel prize. 



Heisenberg ( Hitler too, who adopted the Vedic symbol Swastika ) has access to Vedic texts stolen fromIndia by Rothschild, the owner of British East India Company.



Buddha just mirrored Hinduism and grabbed power for himself. He mirrored the right handed Vedic symbol Swastika and made it a left handed Swastika--among several others. There is NO way an avatar of Vishnu will mirror the symbol of Swastika which is on Shiva's son Ganesha's palm.


Some Hindu sources have done away with Buddha and introduced Balarama instead. Again, this is wrong. We have to use our commonsense here. Balarama was the elder brother of Krishna,an avatar of Vishnu. I dont see the need for Vishnu to appear in two avatars , at the same time.


AYYAPPA IS THE MISSING AVATAR. He is the avatar bridging Krishna and Kalki. Ayyappa is the son of Lord Vishnu ( in the garb of enchantress Mohini) and Lord Shiva .



The ten Vishnu Avatars are:

1. Matsya (the fish) 
2. Koorma (the tortoise)
3. Varaha (the boar)
4. Narasimha (the human-lion)
5. Vamana (the dwarf)
6. Parasurama (the angry man, Rama with an axe)
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman) 
9. Lord Ayyappa.
10. Kalki (the mighty warrior)--the FINAL avatar




Ayyappa who? I can hear a lot of NORTH Indians asking. Every South Indian knows who Ayyappa is. 55 million people go on pilgrimage to Sabarimala in Kerala. The Ayyyappa idol is installed by Lord Parashurama. You can punch into google search SABARIMALA , MAKARA VILAKKU- VADAKAYIL .



He was a God who just disappeared at a very young age. Egyptians know him as a visitor god ( a master healer / architect god who came in peace ) IMHOTEP--always holding the key to Meru.



Vatican and Max Muller has been hell bent of placing the Trojan war was the earliest large scale war, despite knowing than there were 2 great wars Ramayana and Mahabharata wars 2000 years before.



The Mahabharata war was in 4000 BC and the Ramayana war in 4200 BC. A lot of characters are common to both wars.


The seventh avatar Lord Rama fought in the Ramayana war with King Ravana of Sri Lanka.


Contrary to what all understand, Ravana was NOT an evil man. He just lost the war and became a loser. If he has won the war, during Dusshera we would be shooting flaming arrows at Lord Rama instead of Ravana. Of course Vishnu avatars do NOT lose.




Ravana was a Vedic scholar. he held enough knowlege in ONE head, to fill up ten heads. This is why he is always portrayed with 10 heads.



Sinve Ravana knew the Vedas inside out it follows that Vedas cannot be written in 1700 BC as claimed by the Vatican and Max Muller.


Rig Veda was written in 5000 BC.




Now coming back to Ravana.



No European will name his child as Hilter. The poor child will NOT get admission even in school and will be suject to ragging and hazing. Likewise no sane Indian will name his son as Tupu Sultan or Aurangezeb.


But there are several South Indians who name their children as Ravanan.



Maya Danava who wrote the Surya Siddhanta, and was the architect of Tripura ( Atlantis ) was the father of Mandodari, who was the wife of Ravana. Maya also built Lankapuri, the Capital of Ravana.



Dronacharya's father was Maharishi Bharadwaja. Ravana's flying Saucer Vimana belonged to his elder half-brother Kubera. After the war Rama returned the Vimana back to its owner Kubera. Kubera's mother was Bharadwaja's daughter.


Padma Puranam was narrated by Ravana's grandfather Maharishi Pulayasta to Bhishma , the grand sire of Mahabharata war. .


Balarama , the brother of Krishna trained Duryodhana how to win a fight with Gaddham mace.



In those days the Maharshis with 12 strand NIL junk DNA used tolive for more than 200 years. Lord Parashurama is immortal. Parashurama gave his axe to Drona. Bhishma and Parashurama fought for several days over the issue of Amba.



During the Mahabharata war, on the 13th day, Krishna used the Solar eclipse to force Arjuna to kill Jayadratha who killed his Arjuna's son, in the Chakravyuh . It is easy to set the date of a Solar eclipse at the fields of Kuruskhetra.


The story of this solar eclipse during the war makes an interesting read.




During Pandava's exile, Jayadratha insults Draupadi, by attempting to abduct and marry her. Bhima chases and captures him alive,. Jayadratha is saved from death by Yudhisthira, who lets him go because he is married to Duryodhana's sister. Bhima however shaves Jayadratha's hair, blackens his face and lets him go.

Desiring to avenge this humiliation, Jayadratha performs a severe tapasya to please Shiva. He asks for the power to defeat the Pandavas. Shiva instead grants him the power to hold the Pandava brothers at bay for one day in battle - except for Arjuna who was protected by Lord Krishna.


Jayadrata cashed this boon during the Mahabharata War. In the war he sided with his brother-in-law Duryodhana against the Pandavas.

As Pandavas were gaining the upper hand in the battle, Duryodhan bitterly accused Dronacharya of being soft on the Pandavas and not ging his 100% to defeat them. So, Dronacharya decided to create the Chakravyuha spiralling vortex formation to capture Yudhishthira.


Drona knew that only Arjun in the Pandava ranks knew how to enter and escape from the formation. Hence a group of warriors called Samsaptakas were asked to draw Arjun to a far corner of the battlefield so that he could not attack the Charkavyuha.


As the rotating Chakravyuha began to churn through the battlefield, like a hurricane large numbers of the Pandava army began to get slaughtered. Pandavas sans Arjun needed to stop the formation somehow as it would otherwise have caused irreparable carnage amongst their forces.


In the absence of Arjun, only Abhimanyu knew how to enter the Chakravyuha. Hence he was asked to enter it. But since he did not know how to break out of it, other Pandavas promised to follow closely behind him, so that the opening does not close behind him. But after Abhimanyu penetrated into the formation, Jayadratha blocked the way for other Pandavas and they could not support him from behind


Abhimanyu was trapped alone and mercilessly killed. On hearing of his son's death, Arjun swore that he would either slay Jayadrata before sunset the next day or give up his life by entering a burning pyre.

Duryodhan decided that Jayadrata shall not enter the battlefield the next day but remain within the safety of the camp. His entire army would surround the camp and prevent Arjun from reaching it. The next day saw the fiercest fighting of the Mahabharata war. Single-handedly Arjun, with his chariot driven by Krishna, defeated one after another of Duryodhan's generals. But they kept coming back at him. Despite that just before sunset Arjun was within striking distance of Duryodhan's camp.



However Krishna told Arjun that he would never make it to the enemy camp in time. There was now only one way out. Krishna would use his Maya or divine powers to hide the sun from the sky. Arjun should pretend to concede defeat. Jayadrata would not be able to resist witnessing the spectacle of Arjun's death. He would come out of hiding. Arjun should not worry about the sun having set. He should kill Jayadrata there and then.



This plan worked to perfection. No sooner had Jayadrata died,  Krishna again worked his Maya and the sun shone brightly, after the brief eclipse. Seeing the sky go dark Jayadrata comes out to see Arjun die. The sun then starts shining again and it is then that Arjun shoots the fatal arrow from his Gandhiva bow. 



He severs his head and using several arrows in relays the severed head is prevented from touching the ground, and is deposited miles away into Jayadratha's father Viddhakshatra's lap, while he was meditating in his ashram. 


Jayadhrata's father had a boon that who ever cuts of his son's head will die as soon as the head touches the ground.

BELOW:-The jewel encrusted golden statue of Vishnu valued at greater than 100 million US dollars , was unearthed in one of the minor vaults of Sri Anantha Padmanabhaswamy temple in Kerala, last year . The total treasure was in excess of 24 billion USD.  The major vaults are yet to be opened due to security issues. Note the Shiva lingam ( Singularity ) and the inset peetham ( event horizon ).



 


Translation from 'Bhagavad Gita As It is":
Whenever and wherever there is a decline in righteousness, O descendant of Bharata, and a predominant rise of irreligion-- at that time I descend Myself. In order to deliver the pious and to annihilate the miscreants, as well as to reestablish the principles of dharma, I advent Myself millennium after millennium.
 

 


The 9th avatar of Vishnu is actually Lord Ayyappa.  The British have installed Buddha, as the 9th avatar . Buddha is  just a mortal Hindu saint, and belonged to the Gautama Gotra.   Then they found that this did NOT work.

Nowadays they are very keen on running down Lord Ayyappa into garbage , because the largest pilgrimage on this planet is the yearly Sabarimala pilgrimage ( not Kumbh Mela ) and this is increasing every year.  They even tried to fan riots using the Mullaperiar dam issue , as the trekking route of Tamil and Andhra pilgrims go this way. Stone throwing was on Tamil pilgrims was instigated by the Christian Indian foreign funded missionaries.

Initially they tried to make Ayyappa a recent phenomenon, but quoting Ayyapa’s imaginary cooked up conversations ( the white Christian heard and recorded them them – God promise !)  with Muslims to pull him forward in history to 1600 years.

When they found that it does NOT work they have now started telling that Ayyappa is the offspring of a homosexual union between Shiva and Vishnu . ( The White Christian invaders saw it really –and recorded the video—God promise ) .  

According to their poisoned puranas, when Shiva was having sexual intercourse with Mohini , after the Samudra Manthan , Mohini converted back to male Vishnu in the middle of the sexual union. So basically it was two males screwing.

Such is the bizarre poison injected into Hinduism by the white Christain man—and today the Indian missionaries are outdoing the.  Wikipedia even gives sources like a Telugu text etc .  Punch into Google search MOHINI WIKIPEDIA and you will know what I mean.

The Vatican tried all these stunts with Muslims history and got a bloody nose and death fatwas  – and now being scared to death, they do NOT fu#k around with Islam anymore.


Punch into Google search –

VISHNU AVATAR VARAHA BOAR VADAKAYIL

VISHNU FIRST MATSYA AVATAR VADAKAYIL

VISHNU AVATAR NARASIMHA VADAKAYIL





The 7 hills of Tirupati looks like the face of the reclining Lord Vishnu.

Vrushabhadri – Hill of Nandi, the vahana of Lord Shiva
Anjanadri — Hill of Lord Hanuman.
Neeladri – Hill of Neela Devi – It is believed that hair offered by the devotees is accepted by Neela Devi.
Garudadri or Garudachalam – Hill of Garuda, the vahana of Lord Vishnu
Seshadri or Seshachalam – Hill of Sesha, the dasa of Lord Vishnu
Naraynadri – Hill of Narayana. Srivari Padalu are located here
Venkatadri – Hill of Lord Venkateswara
********************************************************************
THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD, BRAHMAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THE MORPHOGENETIC CONSCIOUSNESS FIELD,  BRAHMAN – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This piece will be one of the most valuable posts on the internet among billions.

Ayurveda says: "Purusho'yam loka sannidah" --"Man is an epitome of the universe."


When you know man, you know the universe.  This intimate relationship between the human body and the universe forms a major topic of the most holistic system of health care, Ayurveda. Summarized in one of its textbooks, written 6000 years ago : "All material and spiritual phenomena of the universe are present in the individual. Similarly, all those present in the individual are also contained in the universe. This is how the wise desire to perceive."


Have you ever pondered on the wonder of your own body?

Yajurveda reveals the same truth: "Yatha pinde tatha brahmande, yatha brahmande tatha pinde"--"As is the individual, so is the universe, as is the universe, so is the individual."  

Rig Veda says-- "As it is anywhere, so it is everywhere."  You are the embodiment of all the Laws of Nature. You are the constitution of the Universe.

The human body is a good illustration of the effect of consciousness on form . Without an overseeing consciousness that can maintain an overview of the body's form and processes, we wouldn't be able to exist in our physical form. Morphogenetic fields help to differentiate cells and form biological systems. They  instruct genes to produce necessary proteins in a given biological environment. Morphogenetic fields are not material, but are more like biological blueprints giving birth to various forms. They carry encoded organizational information.


Mind and mater are not separate. Matter is just an expression of mind. The wise ancient vedic rishis knew this 11000 years ago.  They could do telepathy. Telepathy is the ability of one person to send messages to another person, instantly and independent of distance, without the aid of an apparatus or other physical means. The communication occurs via the field of consciousness, much as satellite communication occurs in the physical world. Because space time is holographic, they could access it by  quantum processes inside their brains.

The Vedic Maharishis were clairvoyants. Clairvoyance is the ability of one person to "tune in" to another person's field of consciousness and pick up their thoughts – both the conscious and unconscious ones. And, because the field of consciousness exists in a timeless and spaceless dimension, the clairvoyant can "see" both forward and backward in time

The Pineal Gland ( Shiva Lingam) is the seat of consciousness.  The Vedas said that this universe and everything in it are a singularity


The Vedas contain the meaning of consciousness. A visible attribute of consciousness is an energetic field that governs the shaping of organisms. Morphogenesis is a scientific term to explain this very shaping of tissues, organs, and entire organisms. Consciousness is the creative force of the entire universe. The entire universe is in fact a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. Not only is consciousness responsible for the physical universe and its elements-- it is the universe. The field of consciousness contains information about everything that has happened since the dawn of time.


"After the conversations about Indian philosophy, some of the ideas of Quantum Physics that had seemed so crazy suddenly made much more sense." - W. Heisenberg (German Physicist, 1901-1976)
 

Fields of conscousness are called M fields –morphogenetic.  Just like electromagnetic and gravitational fields.  All life forms are connected by "morphic fields" or strong intertwined energetic connections. Our separation from each other is an optical illusion of consciousness. Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness


The ancient Vedas tell us that the basis of all creation is the all pervading  morphogenetic consciousness field. The Vedas said that all energy is a spiral and that empty space is not empty at all. It is a plenum, containing zero point energy..  Scalar waves are very different from electromagnetic waves. They can travel over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed ( faster than light! ).

All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. Our consciousness is a cosmic DVD player


There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void.

The continuous flow of energy in and out of the material world is THE COSMIC DANCE OF SHIVA. Consciousness becomes energy and then transforms to matter. Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness .


The whole of material creation is conscious.  Our consciousness creates our reality. What our consciousness can conceive , it can also create.

God resides in your DNA.  DNA is a blueprint. It is a transceiver for information at 98.7 deg F.. DNA has powerful Mobius coil which can generate scalar energy, which cannot be blocked by Faraday’s cage.

There is DNA everywhere around you. It remains unchanged for the past 4 billion years. In your body you have 125 billion miles of DNA, which is 500 billion trips around the earth.

The DNA double helix looks like 2 snakes making love, or rather a twisted rope ladder. DNA is conscious. It knows where to go and what to do and how and when to divide. It is a supercomputer which can hold enormous information. Yet, it is so small that you cannot see it without a electron microscope. Charles Darwin and his monkey gang will never ever understand all this. Our DNA which can be be influenced by scalar waves and acoustics ( mantras ) can send and receive powerful data through a universal network of ether .


The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of electromagnetic energy.  There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later.

An atom can be a wave or a particle depending on the observer’s perspective. In plasma we can see that the gaseous electrons show intelligence. In biology the organic matter shows intelligence. In inorganic chemistry the elements show intelligence.

An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force. The conscious intelligent field lies in the empty space in between the electrons. 99.9999% of every atom is empty space. What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.99b % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center. We live in a universe created of "objects" that are actually 99.99% space.  The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom.  It is the space between them that is, ironically, the “substance.”


Within the electromagnetic force of the atom is the key to everything:  creation, transmutation . . -limitless power.

This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit. : Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus.

Your body is mortal. You are immortal. When your body dies your consciousness just returns to the original source, with all the experience, knowledge and lessons it has gathered. The next generation baby has this new knowledge programmed into the DNA. Both religion and science has vested interest in keeping this truth away from you.. Through your awakening you awake the whole of humanity. With quantum physics, science is leaving behind the notion that human beings are powerless victims and moving toward an understanding that we are fully empowered creators of our lives and of our world . With Newton, we were insignificant cogs in the Universal Machinery. With quantum physics, we are Creators of the Universe


We are NOT independent from this cosmos. We are part of it. This is the reason we must live in harmony with the laws of the universe by exercising our free will.


Consider the numbers 0 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128. Multiply by 3 and add 4 we get 4 7 10 16 28 52 100 196 388. Now divide them by 10. Now these are the distance of 9 planets from the sun if the distance from the sun and the earth is taken as one unit.  1 = 93 million miles.



Quantum Physics which suddenly appeared in the 20th century is the result of ancient Vedic Sanskrit texts being translated by the Christian invaders . These texts are 7000 years old.

Newton’s absolutism broke down at the foundation level of matter. Newton’s billiard ball would miss the pocket hole every time at the sub-atomic level. Newton’s laws applies only to the macroscopic world, the world which can be detected by our 5 senses.  In the microscopic world quantum physics rules. Nothing is certain. In the quantum realm the observer is king, as he creates reality, as demonstrated by the Double slit experiment. If you are NOT shell shocked by this experiment, you have not understood it--see video below. This is what the Vedas and our Maharshis have been saying 8000 years ago.

You intentions and consciousness play a huge role. This explains the power of prayer and the placebo effect.
 

An act of simple observation as shown in the double slit experiment is an action of consciousness—as expounded in the Vedas.. A “particle” observation would momentarily “freeze” the molecules’ positions, resulting in the appearance of thought. Another complementary “wave” observation where the proteins remained unobserved would produce changes in the energy of these waves, resulting in the arousal of feelings. Thus feelings and thoughts would show the same type of duality as waves and particles .


 In the two-slit experiment, if the physicist looks for a particle (uses a particle detector), he will find a particle; if he looks for a wave (uses a screen), he will see a wave pattern before him. Physical objects only "appear" due to the collapse of their probability waves by a conscious observer. It is impossible to know both the position and momentum of a quantum object. When one measures the position of an electron it will destroy information about the electrons momentum; your observation disturbs it


Stupid Newton pushed consciousness into the realm of religion and mysticism. Scientists who wanted to factor consciousness in were chucked out of the scientific community and the peer reviewed magazines controlled by free masons made them pariahs. With the advent of quantum science we now know what great injustice was done. The classical physics of Newton takes a material perspective in which the Universe is composed of discrete building blocks, solid and unchangeable. Quantum physics takes a spiritual perspective in which there are no separate parts, in which everything is fluid and always changing. In the quantum world there are no causes.

The least we talk about Darwin in this age of DNA , the better. But such is the control of big brother that we still are forced to learn Darwin’s stupid theory in our schools. Freemason sponsored Darwin with his bag of dried finch beaks and goodies is the greatest blunder of science.


The ancient Vedic maharishis consumed a super LSD by the name of Soma for direct experience of cosmic consciousness and to read Akashik record. They had king sized pineal glands and 12 strand NIL junk DNA. You and me have 2 strand 97% junk DNA with shriveled calcified Pineal glands. Our billions of cells and DNA have memories that influence our behaviour and traits. Consciousness is a universal attribute of creation. DNA can never die. It merely changing its structure and appearance into a cavalcade of living beings. If we stare back down this ‘great chain of being’, we see a continuous process of spiritual evolution. This is something Darwin will never understand , as he did not have the intelligence


The universe is in perfect harmony an balance. The cosmos is a unified system. A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole. Playing around with HAARP and galactic resonance is a dangerous game.

Matter is NOT a inert substance. It is conscious and active. Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean.

Matter constantly makes choices for alternate possibilities.

We live in a holographic universe. Our mind is holographic. The hologram has the power to hold and process enormous amounts of data. In holography, a three dimensional image of an object is filmed with a laser. The amazing part is that any part of the holographic picture may be used to recreate the whole image.  In quantum physics, unlike the Newton’s classical physics, the whole and the part are intimately related. . Poetically speaking, we can say that the ocean is contained in every drop.  Each of the 100 billion cells that make up the body contains the complete version of the original DNA, that was the source of the entire body.


Each part of the holographic picture contains the whole image. In the holographic theory of the universe, the universe is represented by each component, regardless of the size.

To get the perfect theory of everything TOI, consciousness has to be factored in by science. It will NOT be possible to understand gravity without doing this.

Human beings are conscious. They can see themselves in the mirror and see colours, while an animal cannot. Certain animals like elephants are exempt. This is why we see elephants in Kerala temples.

The Vedic Maharishis experienced Turiya ( Samadhi ) when they meditated. This is a fourth state of transcendental consciousness beyond waking, sleeping and dreaming. By using Soma they went into the fifth state of cosmic consciousness. When they got enlightened they went into the sixth state. The last state is pure consciousness, a state of bliss where everything inside is same as outside, in which state they can defy classical scientific laws..


Every atom within us depends on the rest of the cosmos. This is the basis for Vedic Jyothish or astrology. There are very few real astrologists nowadays, most are pretenders. Unless you follow the laws of the universe you cannot be a good astrologer and read into the akashic field or ZPF . You cannot come back after an orgy session have a T bone steak and pig sausages and then work on astrology over brandy and cigars. Potential is manifested only when we provide the frequency information, through our thoughts and intentions—the concept of “Mind over matter”.

Consciousness is the dance of chemical molecules within your brain, the scalar field created by resonance of your pineal gland with your Mobius DNA and the whirling of your chakras . The quantum body  resonates with any atom of the cosmos. The resonance brings about the direct knowledge of the universe.

A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude. Ordinary electromagnetic waves are transverse waves, while scalar waves are longitudinal Strangely these scalar waves do not actually exist in our "material" world,  but exist only in the vacuum of empty space, or the time domain


Atomic objects (electrons, protons, neutrons, photons, quarks , neutrinos etc ) sometimes behave like particles, and other times, like waves. When does an atomic object behave like a wave and when does it behave like a particle? It just depends on whether the object is observed. Unobserved, the atomic object appears as a wave spread out over space, but the instant it is observed the wave collapses to a point and behaves like a particle. The action of a simple observation “causes” a wave to collapse, producing a particle.


What kind of action is a simple observation? It is nothing but the act of consciousness , a field of scalar energy. With focused INTENTION it can achieve the extraordinary. The brain is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology

At our most elemental we are energy. All living things are a coalescence of energy in a field of energy connected to every other thing in the world. This pulsating energy field is the central engine of our being and our Consciousness . Collective consciousness is a life force flowing through the universe. Consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. Nothing in the universe existed as an actual thing independently of our perception of it.

All orderliness that we find exhibited in all levels of nature - from the smallest atom, through the living organisms, to the largest cluster of galaxies - is the expression of the infinite orderliness that is contained in consciousness.

Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness .


Our brain is holographic. While introducing Nikola Tesla to Akasha or longitudinal field ZPF waves , in 1903, the great Indian mystic has told him -"Every part is a whole and everything springs from the whole". 

This was 45 years before a hologram was invented.

Our brain can store unlimited data, because our brain is holographic.

Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface.


Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams.

Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle-- and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.

All spacetime events are conscious: they are conscious of other space time events

We are made of stardust. Exploding stars are the only way that carbon enters the universe, and our bodies are composed of carbon


Quantum consciousness makes us realize that, being one with others and with nature, what we do to them, we do to ourselves.  


After Dec 21st 2012, the human race will understand the meaning of quantum consciousness . They have a free choice of following the laws of the cosmos. 


Failure to do so will be visually seen in the form of Albinos in various forms of life. The pineal gland secretes Melatonin. 


This will make them realize that, being one with others and with nature, what we do to them, we do to ourselves.  We  affect others by the way we think, feel and behave, for we are but expressions of one consciousness field. We have one source of existence.

On December 21, 2012 the entire universe will shift forward into a new time matrix, a new Cosmic Template, and a new Omniversal Reality.


According to Rig Veda the knowledge of the "soul," or the Self of all beings is the prerequisite to the understanding of anything else. The Upanishads say: "Know that, by which everything is known”. Once we have a glimpse of the omnipresent nature of our consciousness, once we have a glimpse of a field of existence that is indeed the omnipresent source of all that exists, we naturally start to be aware of the interconnectedness of all levels of creation. Once we have seen the whole, we start to recognize the parts as expressions of the whole. Since the whole is holistic in its nature, its expressions are holistic representations of the whole.










ABOVE ARE PICTURES OF THE 10,000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SRI YANTRA GOLDEN MEAN OF 1.618 ( LIFTED BY FIBONACCI FROM BEJAYA , ALGERIA  ).  SRI YANTRA APPEARS AS WATER CYMATICS WHEN YOU SAY OM ( 7.83 HERTZ ) , THE HINDU KING MANTRA

Vedas say that Brahman is the consciousness, the Self of all beings.  Thus the ancient Vedic Science corroborates what modern science has discovered,  ( rather vice –versa )  that this omnipresent field of pure Creative Intelligence, which is transcendental in its nature, beyond the level of the Planck scale of 10-33cm, is the ultimate cause, the unmoved mover of everything in creation.  One indivisible wholeness of consciousness is the source of all multiplicity of Creation, and that this one unbounded ocean of consciousness is our own consciousness.

Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.

 


The Upanishads says: "Aham Brahmasmi" - "I am Brahman, I am the totality, really I am everything."

"Purushyo'yam loka sannidah" . "Man is a miniature universe" --(Charaka Samhita IV).

"Sarvam khalvidam Brahma" "All this is nothing but Brahman" ---(Chh.Up. 3.14.1).

Consciousness ( Brahman ) is the only element in creation that knows itself. By being in constant interaction with itself, consciousness knows everything about itself.

“Prajnānam brahma”-- "Brahman is knowledge". Brahman knows everything.

That says it all!



 

Above is a 7000 year old Sanskrit chant.

I am not mind, intellect, ego and the memory.
I am not the sense of organs(ears, tongue, nose, eyes and skin).
I am not the five elements (  ether, earth,  fire, air and the water).
I am﻿ supreme bliss and pure consciousness, I am Shiva,
I am all auspiciousness, I am Shiva.

WATCH THE VIDEO BELOW AND BLOW YOUR MIND !
 

Well what do your know, about ancient India? The Maharishis 9000 years ago had fractal minds.

 



There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha, the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.  An electron drops or rises one single orbit and the matter changes drastically.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa.  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherd's or by evolved seers?



Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang ).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles, we call the cosmic dance of Shiva from either side of the Quantum screen... Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself. To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where mount meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation. The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the super-oxidant of nature. The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. OM king mantra is 7.843 hertz. Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release Nuerotransmitter seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc.  If you have a strong enough sense of consciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, a psychedelic tryptamine Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths. Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe . There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena Indian Vedic maharishis had the inherent ability to go on either side of the narrow band of five human senses. THEY COULD TRANSCEND THE SENSES AND LIMITATION OF SPACE-TIME. They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL dvine geometry. When you consume Soma, colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. Tamas and Rajas are conscious of each other. Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. 12 strand DNA which ancient Maharishis had, has now degraded to 2 strand DNA. These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , can read akashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness. The timeless spiritual wisdom of the of the 7000 year old Vedas will roar to life after Dec 21st 2012- the veil of Maya or delusion over the third eye will be ripped asunder—as the first step towards upgrading the 2 strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand nil junk DNA.. -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.
********************************************************************
GUINEA PIGS FOR UNTESTED MEDICINES, FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




INDIA, THE LARGEST TESTING GROUND FOR ILLEGAL MEDICINES AND FOREIGN PHARMA FUNDED NGOs-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Today I saw a young man limping badly in the gym. So I asked him if he was hurt.


He replied, that he was a victim of illegal testing of vaccine as a baby, and that he has been limping ever since he came back from the jaws of death , due to severe complications.

That set me thinking.  Would Dr Christian Barnard who did the world’s first open heart surgery, be as successful , if he was born in Japan or Saudi Arabia , instead of apartheid South Africa.

India is the new testing ground for foreign Pharma drugs. Indians are the guinea pigs, with our government looking the other way. The powers that be pretend to sleep and expect us to wake them up.


The filthy rich foreign Pharmaceutical companies bribe their way through the politicians and our health system. They fund NGOs who act as double agents. On the surface these NGOs are do gooders helping poor tribals to get access to free immunization programs.
What they do NOT tell, is that these drugs are being tried out for the first time on humans. If anybody dies, the same NGOs act as double agents to hush the case up and do the necessary bribings, and to eliminate whistle blowers. 

These are EVIL people without a conscience.

These Trojan horses literally facilitate a new colonization of India, all for a few pieces of silver. India after becoming free from Rothschild owned British East India Company is now reverting back to Rothschild controlled Pharma giants colonisation , who made rules purely to suit themselves.


This evil nexus has flowered since the govt eased the norms in 2005. American , British and European Pharma firms are given a free unhindered run.

Most of these drugs are tried on poor tribals in forests who are lured by foreign funded Christian missionaries in the garb of messiahs. The best part is that none of these poor tribals will ever get the rich man’s diseases for which they are being used as guinea pigs . Some of them were seeing a hospital for the first time in their lives.
When people die these NGOs buy the silence of people who are supposed to investigate and punish. They will give them free lawyers—of course the lawyers are also bribed to ensure that big brother Pharma always win—or secure an out of court settlement where the poor tribal gets nothing.


There is absolutely nil ethics involved. They prey on poor people who cannot read or write and make them put their thumb imprints on a piece of document they wont ever understand. These NGOs have Swiss bank accounts.

These are the same NGOs that Team Anna has been trying to keep outside the purview of the Lokpal bill. Lalu Prasad Yadav was at his best when he ridiculed Arvind Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi, Bhushans in the Lok Sabha –telling all MPs that the hidden agenda of Team Anna is to keep foreign funded NGOs away from Lok Pal scrutiny.  

Immediately , team Anna changes track and now they want CBI under their control. They have no idea that their free foreign jaunts and whom all they meet abroad are being monitored .


The NGO messiah recruiters most of the time don’t even bother to take individual consent forms. They bribe the head master of a Government school or wardens of hostels to round up their guinea pigs, without parental consent for minors.

By outsourcing the illegal testing of newly made drugs these rich Pharma companies save 90% costs. This is after paying up the bribes and silence money.  India is ideal ground because of the diversity, and you get real healthy tribals who live on the lap of mother earth, eating organic foods .


Most of the Indian doctors who play ball in collusion with the DCGI are given all expenses paid trips abroad to address seminars ( sic! ), for proof-reading journal articles (sic!) , and for "authoring" journal articles that they never saw until their publication.

The Indian government deliberately do NOT have any inquiry into the money trail of these lobbying NGOs. These NGOs make sure no police complaints can bear fruit. Money talks everywhere. 

NGOs create the fear psychosis in poor tribal areas about imaginary epidemics for which mass immunization is a must , and when things go wrong the same NGOs go back as double agents to bury the truths.


In 2005 the Indian government , under Sonia Gandhi who dances to the tune of the Catholic West, took a  dastardly step, amending a long-standing law that limited the kind of trials that foreign pharmaceutical companies could conduct. That law allowed companies to test drugs on Indian patients only after the drugs had been proven safe in trials conducted in the country of origin. In January 2005 the government threw out that constraint.

Quite often we hear of new born babies dying in hospitals. Even the foreign funded TV channels and media downplay these grave incidents by getting misleading comments from the same moth eaten foreign embassy cocktail party faces on prime time.

In August 2008, 49 babies below the age of 12 months have died at India’s best known medical institute, the All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS ). According to the information obtained under the Right to Information Act , 4142 babies were used for clinical trials conducted by the Department of Pediatrics since 1st January 2006, out of which 2728 babies were under one year of age. 


In 2010 more than  23,500 tribal girls between ages of 10-14 years in Andhra Pradesh and Gujarat were given the Human Papilloma Virus (HPV) vaccine that prevents cervical cancer, when these areas do NOT have any instances of cervical cancer. Their poverty desists the unfortunate parents of these children from suing these filthy rich Pharmas—who use the services of their watch dog NGOs.

Of 671 deaths that were reported in 2010, there is evidence that compensation was paid in just three cases.

Most of the time these poor guinea pigs don’t even know for what disease they are offering their bodies for drugs. A lot of these drugs are for mental cases.


Even we sailors at sea were made guinea pigs for Hepatitis B vaccines.  I threw my vaccines overboard.

In 1998, France suspended Hepatitis B vaccination of school children, as it is NOT a killer disease. Children younger than 14 are three times more likely to die or suffer from adverse reactions after receiving Hepatitis B vaccine than to catch the disease.  Vaccination should be restricted to persons who need it.  Hepatitis B is mainly an adult problem and children should never be vaccinated en masse.

Why do you think all these Foreign funded Christian missionaries hold FREE health camps for tribals in remote areas of forests? 


Contrary to its regulatory role, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) , which is an  autonomous body under the Health Ministry facilitates drug manufacturers in treating the country’s citizens as guinea pigs. Experts give approval to drugs which are not clinically tested as is mandatory.

A panel found that these approvals were “actually written by the invisible hands of drug manufacturers and Indian experts merely obliged by affixing their signatures” . Such has been the unholy collusive nexus between drug firms, some officials in the Drug Controller General of India and corrupt and greedy medical experts. 



Asia Times reports: "India increasingly emerges as a preferred destination for outsourcing clinical trials - testing of new drugs on humans - the country may also be heading toward providing the greatest source of human guinea pigs for the global drug industry."

Every research institute must have an ethical committee, which is responsible for ensuring that trials are ethical.  They must ensure that fake data is never be used to push a drug into the Indian market.


All these Judases and traitors, including the DCGI officials, drug companies and medical experts, involved in the racket need to be identified and punished.
 

Brand name drug makers invest substantial amounts of money to research, test, acquire approval, manufacture, and develop a market for specific prescription drugs. Generic drug competitors have none of those research and development (R&D) expenses.

Branded drugs are sold by companies who discover them. A medicine hitting the shelf has to have passed form the most stringent of testing norms and safety procedures in order to be declared safe for consumption. 

The process from discovering a molecule to actually administering it to a patient is an extremely arduous, lengthy and expensive process.  A brand name drug has to go through 10-15 years of research and testing in animals and people before it can be sold to the public.  

During this testing, the company making the drug must prove that it is safe and effective for people to use. All of this testing can cost over couple of billion dollars. Once the new drug is approved, the company that made and tested it receives a patent. 

This means that no other company can make the drug until the end of the patent, which is usually 17 years after the drug is released.

Generic companies are freeloaders essentially who are masters at manufacturing. Their cost of getting the drug to the market hence is much lower, and they can sell it cheaper. . A generic drug is simply a branded drug that uses a different name. 

According to guidelines from the World Health Organization (WHO),  around 24 healthy adult volunteers ( Indians are duped ) are considered sufficient for a bioequivalence study . A study says that about 1700 people have died between 2007 and 2010 due to this drug trials—this number is actually 3 times more. 

Most of the people who fall under this trap are poor or illiterate. They usually sign up for such experiments without understanding all the consequences 

A lot of doctors were receiving economic benefits from foreign drug companies to enlist their patients in such trials

It is now the in thing for foreign Zionist Pharma  to use lobbied up desh drohi Indian manufacturing "fronts" for the “ Indian trust factor”, to try out their drugs in “human guinea pig”  poor Indians without proper tests.   All this is with the connivance our Indian law authorities .
######################################

ADDENDA :

SUBJECT :   Chhattisgarhs  KILLER  doctor held, was awarded for record 50,000 surgeries   .
#####################################

ALL INDIAN DOCTORS AND SURGEONS BE WARNED  – ONE DAY YOU WILL BE HUNG FOR MANSLAUGHER AND YOUR LIFE WILL BE RUINED     .

The comment I made below, has been SPAMMED by every Indian and foreign media –  all ZIONIST foreign EVIL PHARMA SUPARI fed  PRESSTITUTES and  BENAMI owned media     .

Despite a  SUPREME COURT order by a bench of Justices RM Lodha and AR Dave NOT to use vulnerable Indians as  LAB RATS / GUINEA PIGS for CHEAP UNTESTED  GENERIC MEDICINES ,  this evil continues   ..

Such CHEAP GENERIC MEDICINES were propagated by AAMIR KHAN via SATYAMEVA JAYATE season one, and even good state governments like Jayalalitaa fell prey    .

Defamation case was slapped on a blogger Capt Ajit Vadakayil for pointing out that poor vulnerable Indians must NOT be used as lab  rats ,  and that branded medicines are expensive because they have been tested SAFE  ..

The entire sold out to EVIL PHARMA media  are doing a propaganda blitzkrieg that the surgeon RK Gupta who has done more than ONE LAKH such surgeries is a KILLER .

Exactly low how cricketer SREESHANT was declared a TERRORIST using MCOCA and black bagged and black balled  - for being responsible for all evils in BCCI/IPL   .

The ZIONIST EVIL PHARMA SUPARI FED PRESSTITUTES blame the surgeons competence, RUSTY surgical instruments, dirty clinic –every thing except the real cause of CHEAP UNTESTED GENERIC MEDICINES  .

WHY WERE VULNERABLE TRIBAL WOMEN LURED INTO SURGERY WITH 1400 RUPEES   ? the answer is that they do NOT have side effects of any other drugs in their bodies and brain  .

VICTIMS CLEARLY DISPLAYED TOXIC SHOCK INFLICTED BY UNTESTED TOXIC MEDICINES     .

WE INDIANS NARENDRA MODI MUST IMMEDIATELY DO A THOROUGH INQUIRY     .

Punch into Google search    -

WHY DOCTORS WRITE ILLEGIBLE PRESCRIPTIONS VADAKAYIL

Capt ajit vadakayil
********************************************************************
RUDRAKSHA , THE TEARS OF SHIVA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
RUDRAKSHA, THE TEARS OF SHIVA.



Today I took my wife for shopping and got for her three items which made her purrr like the cat who swallowed all the cream.

The three items she wanted were -- a two mukhi rudrasksha, a Tibetan singing bowl and a large and heavy black shaligram.


Let me describe the rudraksha today.

RUDRA means Lord Shiva and AKSHA means tear .



Millenniums ago, the denizens of the triple floating city of Tripura ( Atlantis ) lead a wanton life and engaged themselves in debauchery and broke the Shiva Lingam, too for good measure. Vishnu got upset and advised Shiva, Tripura must be destroyed. 



It was NOT easy as the city could tranform into a flying saucer powered by mercury ion vortex technology and crystals. The three cities could be destroyed only by a single missile due to a special boon the kings of Tripura had secured from Lord Brahma by severe penance..

Vishnu gave Shiva the deadly Pashupatastra ( a scalar wave interferometry missile by which world war 3 will be fought ) arrow which could only be triggered by a mantra which resonated the Pineal gland of Shiva. The missile on a search and destroy mission ripped through all the 3 cities of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and reduced it to ashes in a split second. 

 





Shiva then grabbed some ash and put three lines on his forehead to ritually mark a deed well done ,and then proceeded to dance the gruesome tandava , till rudrakshas popped out of his eyes.

 

Another Hindu legend says that Shiva went into a long period of blissful meditation and when he opened his eyes, he shed a single tear because of extreme fulfillment.. This tear grew into a rudraksha tree.

All Hindu sages wear a rudraksha garland of 108 beads. Rudraksha has a scalar field around it and hence increases the wearers aura and protects him from evil.

In Kerala before proceeding for the Sabarimala pilgrimage , (the largest on this planet with 55 million pilgrims in 2011), the pilgrim has to undergo a purification ritual for 41 days. During these 41 days he has to take a bath at dawn and wear the rudraksha bead garland. 

He will NOT engage in any wordly pleasures till he gets back after the pilgrimage. This includes sex, non-vegetarian food and bad karmas.

Rudrakshas are graded as per the number of facets on it, and it could go up to 21.  



The 2 faced one I got for my wife has immense mystical powers , as is representative of the Shiva -Shakti unity combine-- the male -female form of Shiva-Parvati. It has the entire cosmos inside. This is good for harmonizing the relationship betwee two people especially husband-wife. Before wearing it the rudraksha has to be purified and charged by a mantra.

Monday is the best day to wear a 2 mukhi rudraksha and of course on Shivaratri. It enlarges your aura and clears negativity spots. You can wear it only after a bath in the morning. Women must not wear it during their menstrual cycle. Rudraksha must not be worn while visiting a funeral or when visiting a new born. 

You should remove your rudraksha when you engage in any impure activity , including sex , smoking , drinking alcohol , eating non-veg food , telling lies etc, or you will be harmed . You are now conscious of your own hour by hour karmas. 

Others will judge you too, as a unscrupulous pretender.  In India you can get abused and pasted in a bar, or a whorehouse, if you wear a rudraksha mala. So lawyers who keep bull shitting in court can never ever wear this , right?  Nor, a judge who keeps listening to bullshit.

When you suffer from loss of sleep due to stress and anxiety , it can be placed under your pillow.

People who scoff at rudraksha can put it in milk and check out how many days the milk takes to curdle in two identical tumblers, one with rudraksha in it and the other without it. A genuine rudraksha does not float on water. 

If you put a genuine Rudraksha in 100% conc Nitric oxide, the bead will be intact. 

Conversely when you utter the Hindu king mantra OM -- the  MMMMM humming releases Nitric oxide--which is further boosted by wearing a Rudraksha mala.

Or they could use a rudraksha as a dowser and put it over pure water and poisoned water and check out how the bead revolves. For pure water it will go clockwise.

The wearer of a 2 faced rudraksha values his time, and he will not idle his time away. 

All his efforts bear fruit.
********************************************************************
THE HEART ASKS PLEASURE FIRST- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

THE HEART ASKS PLEASURE FIRST- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

In the below video my eldest son plays a score from the movie "The piano".

Originally composed by Michael Lawrence Nyman.

 


The music is performed by the Munich Philharmonic Orchestra conducted by Nyman.

The album was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Score (but lost to the score of Heaven & Earth) and the BAFTA Award for Best Score (lost to the score of Schindler's List). 
 


 


Silent night surrounding me
On the shore of wistful sea
A kindest heart made me believe
The world as I wish it to be

Wind in the wheat
Kiss by a hearth
Little hideaways for a lonely heart

Cast away in beauty’s gloom
The good in me, the child within
A cruelest heart made me forget
The world as I wish it to be

Home inside but lost for life
Human heart longing for love
Slave to the toil, this mortal coil
The strife, the suffering, the void

Wind in the wheat
Kiss by a hearth
A dead calm winter morn,
Morning birds, and a smile of a stranger

Frozen moments in time
Little hideaways, the marrow of life
Little hideaways for a lonely heart

Wind in the wheat
Kiss by a hearth
Little hideaways for a lonely heart

Silent night surrounding me
On the shore of wistful sea
A kindest heart made me believe
The world as I wish it to be

 Reminds me of Yank Emily Dickinson's poetry--
********************************************************************
TIBETAN SINGING BOWL- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TIBETAN SINGING BOWL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




 A couple of days ago, i bought a Tibetan bowl for my wife.

What can it do?

Check out both the videos.

 

Below you can see the water literally levitating and skipping. It takes some time to do this. But the second time onwards it happens fast, as water remembers the vibration and has lesser surface tension. It can be said that the water has retained some charge.

 

The ancient Vedic Maharishis had a metal bowl with them.  It contained the Saraswati river or Ganges river LIVING water in it.

It was NOT to wash their asses after a crap as ridiculed by the Vatican, but had much more lofty ideas.

All the ancient Maharishis has 12 strand NIL junk DNA in their bodies with a king sized pineal gland. When they chanted the king mantra OM ( reduced to amen ), the water in it literally resonated with the harmonics of their DNA, pineal gland and Schumann's earth's heart beat . The water in the bowl would literally churn out negative ions. The resonated water had low surface tension. In additions since water holds memory the water was sanctified by mantras. Sound is a LONGITUDINAL wave. Such anti-oxidant water has decreases hydrogen bonding and is alkaline.

They could do resonant coupling with the nearest Shiva Lingam, to speed up their chakras and expand their aura.

With the degeneration of 12 strand DNA to 2 strand 97% junk DNA, this resonant coupling cannot be done anymore.

The lotas degenerated to the Himalayan singing bowl , which was popular among with Tibetan monks. Till very recent days the Buddhist monks managed to keep these resonating bowls as a secret.

After China invaded Tibet, a few monks sold their singing bowls for sheer survival. And today it is NOT a secret anymore. A lot of people buy the singing bowl to hear the pleasant PURRR-- beyond that they do NOT know what it can do.

The Internet is full of bull---literally thousands of posts by ignoramuses.

Let  me explain what this bowl can do.

The Shiva Lingam is basically a black meteorite stone. This stone has come from outer space from a binary star by the name  of Marthanda. This stone contains DNA, for various forms of life--as NASA found out to their surprise 9 months ago-- thus giving its importance given in the Vedas. This stone was ridiculed by Vatican as the penis of Lord Shiva.  Even today 90% of Hindus believe that Vatican is right, having been slaves to invaders for 800 years and having lost track of their culture. And in 800 years you can forget everything .



The genuine Tibetan bowls have 7 metals including a charge of Shiva Lingam meteorite crushed powder. The seven metals include gold, silver, mercury, copper, tin, iron and lead. When water churns in the bowl it produces negative ions. The mallet is to be churned by arm movement and must be done with intention. The longitudinal sound waves created literally gives you a cell massage and thus can release energy blockages and cause deep healing.

Scalar energy from the mobius coil of DNA of healers can reduce the surface tension of water and make the pH of the water alkaline.

Molecules of water are affected by our thoughts, words, and feelings. The implications go beyond homeopathy and ’energy medicine" and into the interaction between water and consciousness. Negative ions neutralise DNA damaging free radicals.



Any waterfall generates negative ions. All viruses have a positive dipole charge. Negative ions attached itself to it and enlarges the virus.  Viruses are so tiny that our lungs cant pull them out, unless they are enlarged. Negative ions lower the blood pressure. It reduces allergy causes asthma.
Free  radicals are atoms with unpaired electrons on an otherwise open shell configuration. These unpaired electrons are usually highly reactive. 

Free radical damage within cells has been linked to a range of disorders including cancer, arthritis, atherosclerosis, Alzheimer's disease, and Cell suicide, or apoptosis. Free radicals are very unstable and react quickly with other compounds, trying to capture the needed electron to gain stability.

Generally, free radicals attack the nearest stable molecule, "stealing" its electron. When the "attacked" molecule loses its electron, it becomes a free radical itself, beginning a chain reaction. Once the process is started, it can cascade, finally resulting in the disruption of a living cell.


Environmental factors such as pollution, radiation, cigarette smoke and herbicides can also spawn free radicals. Antioxidants neutralize free radicals by donating one of their own electrons, ending the electron-"stealing" reaction.


Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 Hz on the EEG,  is also known as Schumann’s Resonance .  These frequencies start at 7.8 Hz and progress by approximately 5.9 Hz. (7.8, 13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3, and 43.2 Hz.).
Ohm- 7.83Hz
 Gam - 13.7Hz
 Hleem - 19.6Hz
 Hreem - 25.5Hz
 Kleem - 31.4Hz
 Krowm - 37.3Hz
 Sreem - 43.2Hz
7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness. The sound of the singing bowl assists you into an Alpha state.


Simply by closing your eyes, your brain starts to generate  alpha brain waves.  As more and more neurons are requited to this frequency, alpha waves cycle globally across the whole cortex. When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch.
In deep meditation, when waves of alpha and theta rhythms cascade across the entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet. Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or aether field are transferred. The planet communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies. A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth. Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information.


Ancient Vedic Maharishis did NOT need singing bowls. They could go into instantaneous Alpha brain wave mode by just touching the tips of forefinger and thumb.


OM boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body -- the lifted version of AMEN does nothing!
********************************************************************
BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND THE JEWS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




If you punch into google search JEWS AND SLAVE TRADE , you will find Wikipedia has literally foamed from their collective mouths , in giving unfounded and un-solicited proofs that Jews were NOT involved in the slave trade-- rather they worked their butts off to prevent slavery and getting slaves released.




What else can you expect from a free Internet encyclopedia, which exists to white wash the crimes of the Jews , and make all Jews smell of roses.




Since the Internet era , the whole world knows that the Jews were the major slave runners from Africa to US and the Caribbean. In USA most of the slave owners were Jews too. Never mind their claim, that they will NOT have uncircumcised servants around.

 


I have been sailing to the West coast of Africa for 4 decades , and I have spoken to the locals, to glean the truth. Truth which puts Jews in bad light will never be published by Jew Rothschild held media , TV and Hollywood.

 

The agents for Rothschild in USA for slave trade were JP Morgan. Rothschild kept this in wraps, while in Europe Nathan Mayer Rothschild was pretending to be messiahs for the slaves. 



Punch into google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL, to know more about the worlds original drug running Jews Rothschild, who owned the British East India Company.

 

Today if you go to the west coast of Africa you can still see hundreds of old forts used to hold slaves captive in pens.

Millions of slaves were transported from Africa across the Atlantic, in the most inhumane and horrible conditions. They were packed like sardines or spoons. 

 

Unable to tolerate this , lot of slaves preferred to jump overboard and commit suicide. 



To prevent that they were chained together.This means they ate, pissed and shat in the same place. You can very well imagine a 4 month voyage, in rough weather when all the slaves would slide around in their own vomit and feces, with young mother delivering babies in the filth.

 

The best looking young girls would be ravaged by the Captain and the white sailors. Just before arrival port, these unfortunate girls would be thrown overboard ,so that the white babies don't show up. 

 

Mothers would kill their own babies to spare them a nightmare future.



During the passage is a disease started on board, sick slaves would just be dumped overboard , to prevent the healthy ones from getting sick. 

 

The best part was that the Jewish owners would collect insurance for loss of cargo.

 


Once the slaves are in America, they would be auctioned off. Just before auction they would be given a bath and some food so that they look a bit healthy. 

 

If anyone tries to escape his foot would be cut off, as an exemplary punishment.



These chattel slaves would now be forced to work 19 hours a day in inhuman conditions, with very little nourishment. 

 

They hardly lasted 7 years. So expeditions were made to Pacific Islands to get breadfruit trees -- like the HMS Bounty commanded by Capt Bligh.



Then in 1834, Rothschild used his stooge Sir John Gladstone to introduce Indentured Labour from India , to replace black African slaves. 





This was Jewish deception at its best. 


It was a worse form of slavery. Attractive ,glowing , blushing , dark skinned young Indian women , now came into the equation. It was a win-win situation for the sailors on ships on the long 20 week voyage and the white colonial masters and overseers in the destination country.
After all the black slave women could not hold their interest.


Recruiting agents in India called Arkatia ( the hook ) were paid a handsome some for good looking native women. Invariably the naive protector husbands, fathers or brothers of such women would mysteriously fall overboard, get killed or get missing.


These gullible males used to be promised cushy supervisory jobs and handsome wages and the promise that the promised land is just over the horizon. Some women were just kidnapped and shanghaied. Some were child widows who had nothing to lose.


All were duped into signing ( thumb printing ) extensive 5 year contracts with vague terms and conditions in English, which they could not understand. The British government in India and even the Christian missionaries did nothing to stop this blatant mass deception. Sometimes just before sailing women would be secretly separated from their husbands and put on the next ship.

530000 Indians went to Guyana alone, while Mauritius had 350000 , Malaya 250000 and Trinidad had 150000 coolies. .


Never in the history of mankind has there been a saga of such greed and injustice-- where more than 1.2 million innocent humans were duped whole sale , given a life sentence , dumped in far flung corners of the planet and forgotten for ever.

THERE WERE NO SLAVE AUCTIONS ON JEWISH HOLIDAYS !!

 



 


HERE IS THE REASON WHY YOU THINK JEWS ARE THE PERSECUTED-- AND NOT THE SHYLOCK / FAGIN TYPE PERSECUTORS,  FROM TIME IMMEMORIAL

This is why you think Hilter and the Nazis treated Jews worse in Germany , that what the Israelis treat Palestinians in Gaza.  

Even the Indian media is controlled by Rothschild. Think back, and remember which all TV channels gave plenty of prime time to Sunil Bharti to sing the praises of Walmart in India, for multi-brand FDI in retail..







Today white slavery is monopolised by the Israeli Jews.  I have heard enough from the ex-USSR group Eastern bloc officers who have sailed on my ships.  Punch into Google search WHITE SLAVERY- VADAKAYIL

 
It is better to be united in truth
Than to be united in error.  
It is better to tell the truth that hurts - then heals,
Than to tell a lie that heals then kills.  
It is better to be hated for telling the truth, Than to be loved for telling a lie.
It is better to ultimately win with the truth, Than to temporarily succeed with a lie.  
- US State Senator Edwin Gochenour (1953 1999)
GRACE AND PEACE!
********************************************************************
JAGAN MOHAN REDDY FINALLY IN JAIL FOR CORRUPTION-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

JAGAN MOHAN REDDY FINALLY IN JAIL FOR CORRUPTION -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Today the ordinary Indian feels that CBI can do a job -- if they really want to.

Take the case of his Chief Minister father YSR or Y Rajashekara Reddy.

He was a Christian and he was buried as per Christian rites.  Wikipedia has called him a Christian, after an investigation.  Never mind that his wife Vijaya Lakshmi sports a Hindu bindi on her forehead and their children Jagan Mohan and Sharmila have Hindu names.

He was a master of vote bank politics.

During his tenure as CM, he went to Israel twice, to meet Zionist industrialists.



He camouflaged his business visit as a pilgrimage.  .

Israel and the West is interested in the vast amount of Uranium found in Tumalapalli village of Kadappa recently. This mine has more than one lakh tonnes of Uranium and it is the world's largest reserve. This is the reason of excessive foreign funded christian missionary NGO activity ( Trojan horses ) here ?



He went one step further to subsidise Christian pilgrimage to Jerusalem, the way the Muslims go to Mecca on subsidy.   

Multinational Jewish companies like Walmart in the form of Bharti Best Price ( Nidamanuru, Guntur, Hyderabad ) , Monsanto dropped anchor in Andhra Pradesh, with the blessings of W..

 

During YSR's tenure as CM, withW's blessings, he allowed Christian missionaries a free run in his state. Christian foreign funded NGOs bloomed all over the state. 

Thousands of crores came in via Trojan horse NGOs ostensibly to help the poor and the weak--but with a heavy price--you have to prostitute your soul and convert, whether you like it or not--  that is if you want the goodies. This foreign money was used to buy land in benami names, for the church.

A lot of funds to naxalites came from these NGOs, who threw money like water. YSR’s understanding with Maoist and PWG (Naxal) groups allegedly helped in his victory in the 2004 elections.  




As per the understanding, he allegedly stopped the anti-Naxal operations in the name of ‘peace-talks’ and allowed them to regroup and roam the state freely with arms and ammunition.  The Naxal and PWG utilized this huge opportunity to establish contacts with Maoists in other states and Nepal.

YSR's father Raja Reddy was a dare devil war-lord.  Brutally murdered in 1998, his killer Perla Uma Maheshwara Reddy was hacked to death in a gory manner within a few hours, and the best part is that all knew it was coming .  

Below the gruesome Raja Reddy.  Every body in Cuddapah knows his rags to riches story , and how he secured the Baryte mine lease from his boss Venkatasubiah, who was murdered one fine day. Anybody who dared to go to police or court against him would gets their limbs broken.



Labourers killed in the Barite ore mines would be thrown on the railway tracks, to be recorded at suicide.

Police left the Reddys alone--such was their clout.



During YSRs' rule , the Red corridor spread to over 15 states across India, from Nepal to Andhra Pradesh 

Thousands of churches have been planted by missionaries throughout the state totally disproportionate to the Christian population . 

 

The pastors of the planted churches straightaway started their ‘harvests’ particularly in rural areas, where mass conversions have been rampant for the last five years. While the government figure of Christian population is 1.5% (2001 census), the Church itself puts the figure at 10 to 12%, which could certainly be more in view of the large scale conversion in the state. 

YSR was Sonia Gandhi's favourite CM, just because he was Christian. And YSR was doing a damn good job in Hindu to Christian conversions. 

Never mind that YSR was Protestant and Sonia was Roman Catholic. She allowed YSR to give tickets to his own servile Congress MPs.  Nobody dared cross YSRs' path, leave alone cross swords with him.

Money was spent like water to change the ancient name of Kadapa to YSR district.  Kadapa ( Gadapa ) meant gateway to Tirupati.

Below :  Christian YSR clicked with scarf covering his face -- comfortable in Tirupati robes too.!




Most converts are Scheduled Castes who pretend to be Hindus to enjoy reservation benefits, while they practice Christianity at home,in addition to YSR's largesse.  The AP Assembly passed a resolution for SC status for Christian SC converts. 

YSR a fanatic Christian with a Hindu name did everything possible to destroy the sanctity of Tirumala hills and had plans to build a Christian cathedral in ALL seven Tirumala hills and to destroy the sanctity of Lord Balaji and Tirupati temple using various tricks and using paid agents of catholic churches.
YSR planned along with Christian missionary funded NGOs to destroy Tirupati by putting his Christian half brother as its chairman. A man who has no faith in the Lord has been appointed as Chairman of the TTD Board.  People say that his helicopter crash could be divine retribution.

While in power, he surrounded himself with Christians, including his chief secretary--and W was so happy.  

YSR made sure the new Christian converts were financially rewarded. 

He used his own Evangelist son-in-law Anil Kumar , as the front.  

Christian converts would get easy reservations while he ruled.



YSR died when his Bell 430 helicopter crashed. Till today nobody knows or cares what he was doing on top of Naxalite infested forests.

In connivance with R controlled media, a huge propaganda was created that 402 people died of heart attack and 60 people of Andhra people committed suicide, in sheer shock, after hearing of YSR's death.  

Foreign Christian missionary funded NGOs also played their part to show how popular Christian leaders can be in India-- and what a do gooder he was. Never mind if Hindus and Muslims were kept away from this largesse. 

The whole idea was to prove that YSR was even more popular  than Anna durai or MGR of Tamil Nadu. 

How come hundreds did NOT commit suicide when darling Jagan Mohan Reddy was arrested?   

Jagan Mohan Reddy was at his theatrical best when he came on TV and BEGGED people of Andhra Pradesh NOT to commit suicide ( SNIFF !!!! )-- 

In Kerala we had Christian CMs' like Oomen Chandy and AK Antony.  They did NOT find it necessary to do a YSR, and sell out their state to foreign forces.   There has never been a CM in India , who was single mindedly involved in religious conversions .

What is the need to convert by giving incentives, if the religion is good?  



What is he difference between all this and a sick pervert offering a innocent 6 year old girl an ice cream to suck on ?



Hindu taxpayers funded Christian weddings, with Rs 15,000 being gifted to each couple. YSR has handed over the distribution of mid-day meals meant for government school students to Christian bodies and Christian missionary NGOs, who make the small children recite ' Yesu nama ' before giving them the food. 

This not only tantamounts to forced conversion but also involves the psychological abuse of minors.



"Namaste Reddy"--  even in jail, he was acting like a leader on campaign. He does NOT care if nobody even looks at him.



Jagan was the main accused in the TDP ML Paritala Ravi case, who was murdered in 2005.  He was cleared by the same CBI--such was the clout of his father YSR.   TDP party workers distributed sweets as soon as Jagan was arrested.

Jagan Mohan Reddy went on a condolence yatra and made sure these suicide party and heart attack party claimants were rewarded even further.

When YSR was the CM, his dear son Jagan Mohan Reddy, had a field day with R controlled Zionist international business houses. He was their type of businessman.

In 8 years flat he became a billionaire. His house in Yelahanka , Bangalore in 22 acres of land is allegedly worth 300 crores. This is in addition to a posh home in Hyderabad.





The floor plans of his palatial house at Lotus Pond , Hyderabad shows 14 escalators, 10 lifts, a mini-theater of 200 seating capacity, libraries, squash court, gyms, marble flooring in about 60 rooms and huge bathrooms ..

 

In 2009 Jagan paid a paltry 2.92 lakhs income tax. His wife Bharati has immense wealth in her name.



YSR's daughter and Jagan's sister Sharmila's husband Evangelist Anil Kumar was caught for a racket in November 2001. An illegal international calls racket was busted in Hyderabad following a complaint by the BSNL that some telephone booth operators were misusing the services of a private telecom company to terminate incoming international voice calls bypassing the VSNL gateway and BSNL network.  

The police booked cases pertaining to the violation of the Indian Telegraphic Act and Section 420 of the IPC against four persons, including pastor Anil Kumar who surrendered to the police. In March 29 last year, police raided a guesthouse in Karimnagar and found Rs 10.40 lakh in cash with three pastors who said that they were waiting for Anil Kumar.


YSR gave Bayyaram iron ore mines in Khammam to his daughter's husband, our christian preacher Anil Kumar which is worth a fortune. He runs the iron ore mines and start steel plant through benamis -Rakshna steels.  


When CPI and TDP have demanded into probe for such allotments, Rosaiah cancelled leases of Bayyaram mining. Our holy preacher is also the principal partner in the Athena power projects where Jagan has also stakes with project worth a fortune.. 

These power projects were gifted by YSR to his dear preacher son in law as dowry.
  
In Jagan's 2011 election affidavit he has revealed his direct and indirect ownership of 11 companies.
These are:
Sandur Power
Saraswati Power
Carmel Asia Holdings
Bharathi Cement Corp
Kealawn Technologies Pvt Ltd
Marvel Infrastructure
Classic Realty
Silicon Builders
Swasti Power Engineering Ltd

And now finally --



Jaganmohan Reddy, the YSR Congress president and the richest Lok Sabha member in the country, has been remanded to judicial custody till June 11 by a special court in Hyderabad.

The 40-year-old MP, who had declared his personal assets at Rs 365 crore while contesting the by-elections to the Kadapa Lok Sabha seat last year, was arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Sunday in connection with the alleged disproportionate case.


We Indians want Jagan Mohan Reddy to be investigated.  


Let us see if our law will prevail --
--or the financial clout of the R controlled industries and the Christian missionary funded NGO Trojan horses.

One month ago Jagan Mohan Reddy went to Balaji Temple at Tirupati to worship, despite being a hardcore Christian, to fool the Andhra Hindu voters. The Dewasthana rules do NOT permit this. He just did a YSR, because his father used to do the same thing before elections. I wonder how many rogues will do this type of cheating.
Team Anna calls our honest PM Manmohan Singh a thief, but will NOT say a word against Jagan Mohan Reddy. These are our India's messiahs !
In Jagan's defence , you can say--why only Jagan .  He just ate a small piece from the corruption pie.  He is a very small player compared to many other politicians .  

Jagan Mohan Reddy  sounds very level headed, educated and wise when he talks . 
Why is Sonia Gandhi  after Jagan Mohan Reddy alone?



By the way Jagan's sister Sharmila Reddy is drawing crowds, in his absence.  She has done nothing wrong.  She was articulate on TV and her body language appears good.  If she pays her cards right, who knows the heights she can climb and her destiny. 

And if she indeed climbs high, my frank advise to her will be " Do NOT share the dias with your evangelist husband who does soul harvesting".

Below video--Sharmila's husband ( YSR's son-in-law ) evangelist Anil Kumar in blue shirt and black pants -- jiving away to the tune of the lord!!
 
And below video shows con-man Anil Kumar, doing what even Jesus could NOT do-- miracles galore!!  Suggest he use his miraculous powers, to get his sister's husband out of sh#t.creek.
IT IS A DISGRACE THAT A CHIEF MINISTER ( ANDHRA PRADESH -- YSR ), WAS ACTIVELY INVOLVED IN RELIGIOUS CONVERSION OF POOR VULNERABLE HINDUS TO CHRISTIANITY.
YSR, misused government machinery to distribute Bibles to poor vulnerable students in Govenment schools and colleges. In many schools and colleges Hindu gods were allegedly replaced by portraits and statues of Jesus Christ.


Ambika Soni, is Sonia Gandhi's darling ( like YSR ) because she also is a Christian in Hindu garb. Now she has forced Wikipedia to remove her religion.



 

BELOW ANIL KUMAR COMMANDED JESUS CHRIST TO STOP THE RAIN AT 0630 HRS-- WONDER IF HE COMMANDED THE LORD IN ENGLISH OR TELUGU-- 



 

In the video below you can see how royally Christianity has screwed this planet.

 


 
Above British school kids are learning Sanskrit chants to kick start their 12 strand DNA conversion -
-and in India we are running to Jerusalem and Mecca-- the holy places of our invaders who ruled us for 800 years and killed 90 million of our countrymen..
--see the irony!

Foreign funded Christian missionay NGOs are behind arming the ultra factions in Assam and the Naxalites in forest areas.. It is NOT that the UPA does not know about this. They are afraid of rubbing the Catholic  Italian woman Sonia Gandhi the wrong away-- and hence will NOT do anything.
Graham Staines the Australian missionary was killed in Orissa in 1999.  Ostensibly he was helping the poor tribals , and the lepers. This was just a front. The actual job given to him by Vatican was to a "William Carey"  .
In its 76-page judgement, the court came out strongly against the practice of conversion. However, four days later, on 25 January 2011, the Supreme Court of India in a rare move expunged its own comments with regards to conversions from its Verdict-- a never before in India.  
On top of that his wife Gladys was given the Padmashree award , ( the 4th highest ) reserved for greatest National heroes, despite ALL knowing that Graham was doing forced conversions from Hinduism to Christianity, which is against the Indian law. 
I am not condoning his killing along with his sons, but would he dare to convert in a Islamic country like Saudi Arabia, or even Pakistan?
Graham has already made a English to HO dictionary for the 4.1 million tribals, and a HO Bible too to go with it for good measure. Probably the HO Bible is a cure for leprosy.
********************************************************************
SHIRODHARA, 6000 YEAR OLD MASSAGE FOR THE PINEAL GLAND - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




SHIRODHARA, 6000 YEAR OLD MASSAGE FOR THE PINEAL GLAND - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.




This will be THE most valuable post on Shirodhara, among thousands on the Internet or what is written by ignoramuses in books.



I will keep this short and simple to keep the layman in the loop.



Shirodhara is an Ayurvedic holistic treatment, from Kerala, India.  I am from the most beautiful part of this planet , Kerala.




It is the king of all healing treatments, basically surgery of the subconscious mind to amputate negativity, and to expand your consciousness.



This is exactly what you would like to kick start your 2 strand, 97% junk DNA conversion-- to 12 strand nil junk DN, after 21st Dec 2012.



Shiras means head and Dhara means unbroken flow-- both in Sanskrit and my language Malayalam.



It is a Pineal Gland massage.



Shiva lingam is the Pineal Gland of Shiva. This is a black meteorite stone , from the binary star Marthanda. You will find this ellipsoid stone in Indian temples.




A powerful Shiva Lingam has to be quenched with a continous flow of water, from a hole at the bottom of a Thaara Patra hung from top, or the stone will crack. Same way a nuclear reactor is cooled with water.




You can see such a cracked black meteorite stone on the SE corner of Mecca Kaaba , 5 feet above the ground.




Here is the lore--

Bhaghirata was a benevolent king who wished to save the souls of his sixty thousand uncles by sprinkling the water of the celestial river Ganga. The only way to get the river water on earth was to perform a severe penance. Bhagirata’s penance lasted for one thousand years. At last, Lord Brahma was pleased. He allowed Ganga to flow on earth.




However, Lord Brahma cautioned Bhagirata of the destructive impact of the river falling on earth. He advised that Lord Shiva could save the world by containing Ganga.


Bhagirata continued his severe penance and successfully got the favour from Lord Shiva. Lord Shiva took the entire force of the falling Ganges river on His head. Ganges flow from Lord Shiva's head.


So this is depicted by water dripping on Shivalinga continuously from a small hole of the overhanging vessel.

Enough of lore-- now let me get back to reality.



You lie down face up on a wooden bed with your eyes closed, with a soft towel supporting your neck.




Before that you have to evacuate your bowels. Make sure you do NOT eat too much . Shiradhara is best done in the morning after sunrise. The previous 24 hours , you must eat only vegetarian food. Shirodhara is normally done immediately after a full body exfoliating and lymphatic massage.



The eyes are covered with soft cotton balls and a folded towel is placed it. An earthen pot hangs 6 inches above your head . Earthen pot, because undesirable static electricity is kept away.



The pot has a small hole at the bottom. The pot of more than 2 litres capacity is filled with scalar healing wave enhanced FRESHLY extracted coconut oil. This oil is slighly warm. The room is deodorised with Jasmine flowers.




An unbroken thin stream of liquid now impinges your forehead in between the eyebrows and it drains off into another pot , flowing past your scalp and hair roots for 30 minutes. The oil in the pot below , can be reused for yourself, after slight heating in a nearby hotplate ,but NOT for another person. Shirodhara hence requires two people , one to direct the flow and rock the stream gently for the comfort factor, and the other to collect , reheat and refill.



The room must be very quiet and cool. The picture of the Ayurveda god Dhanwantari is hung in the room. Some people will cry, but this is normal.



After the oil flow is over you are reft to relax for 15 minutes , in a ALPHA brainwave state, of Hindu king matra OM or the Schumann's resonance, without any disturbance --for environmental synchronisation. If you fall asleep, never mind.



Afterwards you will be woken up for a bath. Make sure you do NOT go into the hot sun for a while--rather you should get some rest. Be in a grateful disposition , as per the laws of the universe.



The kings of Kerala used to do it with fresh scented honey. Chinese Admiral Zheng He wanted a Shirodhara every time he came to Kerala, 600 years ago.



Wile the Shirodhara is going on and the oil stream is falling on your forehead, concentrate on you breathing, to still and hold your mind.


Your brain is the biggest pharmaceutical factory. The best part is that it produces these natural chemicals at the right time at the right dosage and there are NO ill effects. During Shirodhara, the brain releases Pinoline and DMT.

Pinoline produced by the Pineal Gland resonates to7.83 hertz or the earth's heartbeat. Pinoline is 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC . 7.83 Hertz, or the frequency of OM is the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.

DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time. . Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain.

Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .




Consciousness is created by quantum mechanical phenomenon that takes place in brain cells The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness . Most people never raise their consciousness much above that of the animal and the spark of divinity within them remains dormant the whole of their lives.

The Pineal gland also produces the powerful anti-oxidant Melatonin.Serotonin, which keeps you happy, is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process.



Healing is NOT a physical process, rather it is mental. Mind can wipe mistakes off the DNA blueprint and destroy any disease that has disturbed the design. DNA's ability to repair itself is affected adversely when a person is in depression.

When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch..

Cancer, hypertension, cardio, neurological, leukaemia, Alzheimer’s, reproductive and other diseases may be triggered and/or aggravated by disruptions in the Schumann Resonance that push it either too high above or too far below the master 7.83Hz frequency.

Several important diseases of the nervous system are associated with dysfunctions of the dopamine system. Parkinson's disease, an age-related degenerative condition causing tremor and motor impairment, is caused by loss of dopamine-secreting neurons in the substantia nigra. Schizophrenia has been shown to involve decreased levels of dopamine in the prefrontal cortex. Attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) is also believed to be associated with decreased dopamine activity.

Now let me list out the benefits of Shirodhara, which works at a deep cellular level:--.

Release of mental demons by reprogramming of DNA,-- like fear, jealousy, anxiety, excessive thinking, phobias, insomnia, schizophrenia, OCD like hoarding, guilt, lack of self worth, ego, hysteria , mood swings, addictions, inability to unlearn etc.

In short it is for people who have one leg in the past and one in the future to piss on the present moment. When the mind returns to its usual level of consciousness, it acquires some freedom to move.. Grace and peace are the hallmarks of a healthy non-delusional mind in a healthy body.. The happiness is stable. You live longer.


Opens blocked energy channels and stimulates neurotransmitters.

Relief for Vertigo

Memory improvement.

Raises immunity, improves metabolism

Expansion of perception and intuition

Improves grace and kindness

Kickstarts your divinity and spirituality.


People in USA who had Flourine in their muncipal tap water , which causes their Pineal glands to shrink and calcify, will find the Shirodhara helpful

What more do you want? 
********************************************************************
BHARAT RATNA FOR VISHWANATHAN ANAND, NOW-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BHARAT RATNA FOR VISHWANATHAN ANAND, NOW -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.





A few hours ago, Vishwanathan Anand beat challenger Boris Gelfand of Israel in a tense rapid chess tie-breaker, after a 6-6 deadlock in the 12 Classical games, to win the World Championship crown for the fifth time and fourth in a row. This is despite being in a cold hostile Israeli-Russian Jew nexus atmosphere..

He is now the undisputed world champion. To win a 5th world championship at the age of 43 is indeed commendable. He has won the chess oscar 6 times.

Anand is the only player to have won the world title in three formats--classical, rapid and knockout.

Anand first won the World Chess Championship title in 2000 beating Latvian Alexei Shirov in Tehran in 2000. He then followed it up with wins in 2007 (Mexico), Bonn (2008), Sofia (2010) and now Moscow (2012).

In 1987, he became India’s first Grandmaster and the youngest Grandmaster in the World at that time.

In 1991, Anand won his first major International Chess Tournament, finishing ahead of world champion Garry Kasparov and former world champion Anatoly Karpov.

Anand is an exciting player. Playing his moves at great speed, he earned the nickname of 'Lightning Kid.

HE TRULY DESERVES THE BHARAT RATNA AWARD.

He makes us proud to be an Indian.

A lot of Indians may disagree, and would love to see Sachin Tendulkar getting the award. But let me remind them , cricket is played by 9 countries on the planet-- nay -- 8.5 countries-- this would be more appropriate. 

Football is played by all the 200 odd countries on this planet-- and so is chess.

Hardly anybody in the world outside these few cricketing nations knows who Sachin is . 

Cricket is a team game, and is also a game of chance . Chess is an individual sport where you can be cock sure that only the skill of the player matters.  There’s no luck and no teamwork. 

Unlike cricket, Chess is probably one of the most competitive sports in the world, with 158 national associations and millions of rated players. To emerge the world champion 5 times out of these millions of players is no mean task and requires great concentration, immense hard work and a sense of purpose.

Anand had already been a world champion for 5 years when Sachin debuted in 1989 .

Anand is one of the only 6 players to break the 2800 FIDE ratings mark,. In the highly competitive sport of Chess which has a history of more than a thousand years.

As far as  upholding nation’s intellectual image in the competitive world is concerned, who can be a better ambassador than Vishwanathan Anand, reigning the world space and bringing right dignity to cerebral content of India for decades.  And he is the longest world champion in sports category, without any taint to his public profile.

Vishwanathan Anand  has never been in any kind of controversy concerning brand and sponsorship. He is THE role model for yound Indian kids. He cares to visit local championships when he is in India. 

He has grace. 

Who cares if chess is a physical sport or not?-- we Indians are proud of him , as a sheer achiever in a combat mode mindsport.. 

We Indians are rather surprised that our sports minister , makes noise only for stupid matters.He is a poor motivator.


Sachin can be given Bharata ratna for his acting skills, as he has claimed tax exemption on this ground.  This greedy man has declared that his earnings are only from acting not cricket. What is the difference between him and other tax evaders? .

In order to save tax of around Rs 2 crore on income derived from doing TV commercials, Tendulkar told the Income Tax tribunal that acting, not cricket, is his profession.  This is like Bollywood stars claiming concessions as  cricketeer , just because they played a Sunday game, to generate money for a cause.

Sachin has to go a long way.  India lost the game in which he scored his hundredth century, due to his pathetic strike rate —as in many other games. 

Who cared for Sachin in IPL 5?  He is just hanging on, taking away a slot for a talented youngser.

And we all know the shabby way he treated his best buddy Vinod Kambli.  Vinod Kambli's first class average is 60 which is higher than Sachin's 58.6, who has played lesser games.  Here are the first class averages of the other paper tigers---- Dravid ( 55 ) , Lakshman ( 52 ), Ganguly ( 43 ) Azharuddin ( 51 ) Gavaskar ( 51) and Sehwag ( 49 )


And when did Sachin last win a match for India?  Who cares for his centuries ?

More people on this planet know about an Indian called Anand, than an Indian called Sachin.

Sachin has a HUGE ego-- Anand has humility. He even said that the Bharat Ratna should go to Sachin.
Need I say anything more?.
********************************************************************
SO HAM MANTRA, EXPAND YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

SO HAM  MANTRA, EXPAND YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




A few readers have asked me , how to convert their DNA from 2 strand 97% junk , to 12 strand nil junk DNA after 21st Dec 2012.


Here is a potent by easy tool.

 

SO HAM mantra was devised by Vedic Maharishis 8000 years ago.

Basically it is smooth diaphragmatic breathing, along the spine-- with no pauses between the breaths..

You witness your breath!

 


Visualize divine golden light flowing into you when you inhale and mentally say SO, and then when you exhale feel your ego-centric limited consciousness flow out and evaporate into the atmosphere .

As you say MMMM imagine the ball of golden light move in reverse ---from the third eye back down the spine to the base of the spine.


The Soham mantra is a simple, method that can be done by all. It is best done in the morning after emptying your bowels on a empty stomach.


Though the Vedic Maharishis have NOT advises this, I would recommend you to lightly plug your ears with cotton balls. This will enhance the SO sound of inhalation which is silent. Also the HUMMMMMMM will resonate your pineal gland.




Try saying MMM without plugging your ears and then do it after plugging your ears-- you will know what I mean. This humming increases the production of Nitric oxide. This was known to Indians and documented 7000 years ago.




Sit on a soft blanket in a cross legged position. Place your hands in Gyan Mudra (Gesture of Knowledge). Which is thumb and index finger lightly meeting, wrists resting gently on the knees and palms facing upward. The other 3 fingers are extended. Stretch your spine upwards, keep your neck erect, and bring your chin back and in, like how a soldier stands at attention.




Now inhale slowly while saying the sound "Soooooooo" mentallyand then slowly exhale while saying the sound "Hummmmmm". The HUMMM... sound is twice as long as the SO.. sound.


The mantra "so hum" is not only a reflection of the sound of the breath but also carries a contemplative meaning: "I am that" . (SO = "I am" and HAM = "that").


Use 108 bead rosary garland to get the timing right. 108 repetitions will take17 minutes--which boils down to 6.5 breaths a minute..


Knowing the connection between breath and consciousness, the ancient yogis devised SO HAM mantra to expand your consciousness. Yoga says that longevity depends on slow diaphragmic breathing


Humming or the sound MMMMMM boosts level of nitric oxide—this in turn ups the oxygen intake by 98%, the biggest secret . Ordinary breath is a mere 4%. When there is lack of oxygen in your blood , you living to a small percentage of your potential.


Deep breathing triggers the lymph, your body’s sewage system which will give your cells more efficiency



Mind is non material , but it works in partnership with communicator molecules. With every thought mind moves atoms of hydrogen, carbon , oxygen and other particles in the brain


You may wonder why Mantras are in Sanskrit.


The reason is that Sanskrit, the first language on this planet is a DIVINE language which originated from the 12 strand DNA of Vedic seers. Your DNA is the most complicated supercomputer on this planet.


Mantras must have precise golden ratio sound harmonics ( Fibonacci/ Sri Yantra )--and Sanskrit is a digital danguage, suitable for making conscious computers..



Since the past 5000 years ( since 3000 BC ) there have been no human beings on this planet with 12 strand DNA. 



Mantras resonate your pineal gland with your DN. Pineal glands of Vedic seers were the size of a lemon. Ours in this 21st century is the size of dried raisin-and that too calcified .




Mantras reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves . Mantra is a carrier wave with potent information within it.




Sound waves are longitudinal. Scalar waves which emanate from your mobius coil DNA are also longitudinal.

 

shivoham shivoham shivasmarupoham
nityoham shuddhoham buddhoham muktoham
nityoham﻿ shuddhoham buddhoham muktoham
shivoham shivoham shivasmarupoham
 


Hinduism is all about liberty and freedom to carve one's own path to divine. It has no concept of apostasy or blasphemy or even conversion!  But even without any push towards conversion it is winning hearts and minds of people all over the world by it's teachings, love and philosophy alone. The wheel is coming back full circle to the world’s first religion – dubbed as pagan religion .
********************************************************************
SOMALIA PIRATES AND KHAT LEAVES- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SOMALIA PIRATES AND KHAT LEAVES -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

In the last 4 months my ship went  4 times through the Somali piracy area.

This means we rigged and unrigged our defences 8 times.  A fast moving pirate dhow came within 40 metres of my ship a dawn , right in the GOA transit corridor.  See picture below. The dhow has 3 skiffs, one of them being towed.




They saw our elaborate defences and also our British gunmen ( 4 nos ) eyeballing them from behind steel fort plates and melted away.



The captain is in supreme command on my ship. The British gunmen cannot shoot unless I give the order. This is NOT like a Hollywood movie when a car engine from half a mile away , back fires making an explosive sound-- and immediately President Bush's security guards will pounce on him, spill him on the floor, bundle him by the scruff and crotch into the nearest car and drive away into the hoary night , PEE POO PEE POO.

We cannot have a Italian Marines ( Kerala incident ) type situation. I am from Kerala and the fishermen who died of bullet wounds are my country cousins. These Italian marines on Enrica Lexie shot and killed by MISTAKE two fishermen.  

A mistake is a mistake. 



In any case marines are like robots. They subconsciously respond to training. They are NOT allowed to think too much. If so and so comes within so and so distance BHAAAM. 

The Italian Govt and Vatican tried their best to get the Italian Marines off the hook. But Italian Roman Catholic woman Sonia Gandhi who calls the shots in India has burnt her fingers VERY badly with UNCLE Q.  Previously uncle Quatrocchi would walk into the Ministry of Defence and shout at the babus. 

Not any more

Poor Q was caught embezzling the Govt of India, all the while taking the Italian first family of India for holidaying in posh locations in Italy.

Vatican played devious games by dangling the juicy bait of promotions for brown skinned Malayalam speaking Indian clergy in the Vatican hierarchy-- alas, it was of no use.

In my opinion , these two Italian marines of Enrica Lexie must be let off, after the Italian shipowner compensates the grieving families. 

You cant bring the dead back to life, right?  


I can say for sure that the shooting was NOT deliberate. 

When a suspected pirate boat comes near your ship,  I do know how paranoid everybody on board gets. 

If you dont have armed guards you cry on VHF.  When you have licenced gunmen, there will be a tendency to shoot.



On my ship , I do NOT follow the BMP4 and company guidelines. Our barricading considers the fact that pirates cannot fly, nor do they come on helicopter.

Pirates board by grappling hooks and long aluminium ladders and long hook poles.

We have 3 spacers rigged and vertical swishing razor wire head rippers. There is no way a boat can come alongside withing 3 metres of ship.

The below pictures are of my ship-- a Chemical tanker, carrying expensive lubes. 20,000, 000 litres of lubes is a huge bounty. 

Imagine how much you pay at the car service station to replenish a litre of lub oil in your car engine. And lub oil can be sold retail by the pirates. The pirates had information about us, possible from the Suez Canal, where we need to declare our cargoes. We do NOT Enter this info in the AIS.









I cannot give away too much of information, as pirates and their helpers and Internet savvy too.

But I would suggest you read my post --punch into google search  GOLD FINGER VADAKAYIL, to understand what hush hush stuff is going on there.

All pirates chew Khat leaves. 



This is an Amphetamine like stimulant which makes them alert, euphoric, excited, causes insomnia and suppresses hunger. These leaves ingested via the mouth lining, makes them hyper active without feeling tired and talkative. 



It reduces sex drive . Almost 80% of the Somalians -man and woman chews on these leaves. 



While on board the pirates, keep these leaves fresh by sprinkling water or even refrigerating it in a plastic bag, to sustain the potency.

Let me put some pictures of other ships and events.These are NOT available on the internet, and like I said before I cannot compromise too much information .































































Somalians piracy must be addressed at the roots. There is NO government there, since US got rid of Somalian President General Mohammed Farrah Aidid in 1996.. 



The pople in Somalia do NOT see the light at the end of the tunnel. 



If the money spent yearly on anti-piracy is given to produce food in Somalia, piracy will die. There are lot of vested Western interests.  Somalia's fish is being stolen -nay decimated..

I am lucky to be born where I was born. 

If I were born in Somalia , probably I would be a war lord TRYING TO SAVE MY COUNTRY from the blood sucking vested interests.

In 2009, U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton brushed off any suggestion that Somali piracy could be solved by addressing its root causes. "You've got to put out the fire before you can rebuild the house. And, right now, we have a fire raging."

How sweet!


Hi, HillaryJI-- have you heard of the fire triangle?  


Suggestion: Just knock off the oxygen leg which is feeding the Somalian fire, from abroad.



Punch into google search GOLD FINGER - VADAKAYIL and read my post again!

The UPA Govt of India under Sonia Gandhi does NOT have the will to get the Indians held by Somali pirates from MT.Asphalt Venture. 

Somali pirates secured a multi-million dollar ransom and released all the Indians except 7.  They want an exchange swap deal of 8 Somali prisoners held in India --and we have about 150 of them. 

None of these Somalis have come to India deliberately, but have drifted into Indian waters by engine breakdowns during the SW monsoons. 

So what is the fu#kin' problem? 

Where is the intelligence in stonewalling? 

Swap the prisoners and get it done with! 

It is our bad luck we have such an indifferent Italian WTE ( waitress turned empress ) ruling India.  She is more concerned with the Italian marines than with Indians. 

It appears that there is a SPECIAL deal for the armed British guards, who remain on the monkey island, without attacking the pirates.

They are allowed to jump into the sea and rescued by a NATO helicopter, before the ship and crew is taken away to Somalia.  The Brits communicate by their own GPS tracker Satellite phone.

How do you like that?

So much for honour !!
********************************************************************
BABA RAMDEV AND ANNA HAZARE TEAM UP- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BABA RAMDEV AND ANNA HAZARE ON JOINT ANTI-CORRUPTION PUBLIC PLATFORM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.




Today I saw a fiery Baba Ramdev speaking LIVE on Times Now and Hindustan Times . I noticed a subdued Anna Hazare sharing the same platform.

I did NOT see foreign funded NGO chiefs , the self-righteous Kejriwal, Kiran Bedi, Bhushan in the limelight.  This made me comfortable. It was good to see Ramdev putting a restraining leash on "brownie point king" Kejriwal.

The common Indian hates to see the cunning faces of Kiran Bedi , Kejriwal and Bhushan. 

We had enough of their slimy arrogance and ego laden manoeuvres. 

We don't want foreign money involved in our anti-corruptions efforts.  Let this be a Desi effort.



I had made scathing attacks vide my blogs. I noticed I was the only guy talking against Anna on the internet.  I was happy when Anna Hazare's (last week of Dec 2011) , Jail Bharo Andolan flopped without any audience in Mumbai.  

The huge ground ( 1% full 99% empty ) had only volunteers in "Apun bhi Anna" topis



But here I am giving my 100% support to Anna-- 

--why this volte-face?.  

It is just that I dont like to see Foreign Funded NGOs chiefs ruling the roost and hijacking the anti-corruption agenda.  None of Team Anna want India to be nuclear.  They would like India to destroy our nuclear arsenal , which provides security to India-- this is what the West and their funders want..

Our Indian foreign funded TV channel anchors are so damn immature. These TV anchors have no fuc#in' idea, what makes news, and what does not. What do we see daily?  These stupid TV channels showing ALLEGATIONS galore!   It has become a sick joke!!  And we have to lump the same vested low IQ moth eaten faces giving their expert ( sic!) comments at prime time. We Indians choose our leaders and then run them down. 

And I seriously feel , like most Indians, that Kiran Bedi should be subjected to a psychological evaluation.  After her daughter failed to snatch a TRIBAL quota medical seat by deceit in Manipur state, she had high hopes of starting a dynasty of her own ( like Nehru ).

You may want to revisit my past anti-Team Anna blogs.

Punch into Google search--

ANNA HAZARE'S JAIL BHARO ANDOLAN UNJUSTIFIED- VADAKAYIL

CBI MUST NOT BE UNDER LOKPAL- VADAKAYIL

ANNA HAZARE STOP MISUSING MAHATMA GANDHI'S NAME- VADAKAYIL

TEAM ANNA ATTACK ON STATE FROM TOP AND NAXALITES FROM BELOW- VADAKAYIL

FOREIGN FUNDED NGOs RIDING ON ANNA HAZARE'S SHOULDERS- VADAKAYIL

PRASHANT BHUSHAN EXCEEDS HIS BRIEF AND GETS THRASHED- VADAKAYIL

WHAT ANNA HAZARE DOES NOT KNOW ABOUT NGOs- VADAKAYIL.

You may as well read it again,for I will be deleting them soon. 

My blog site caters to foreigners too ( re-writing world history ) and I cannot afford to dilute it with purely Desi posts, which will NOT make sense to them.

NDTV and CNN-IBN did NOT cover this event LIVE.  They rather ignored it.  Now you know why these two foreign funded channels keep getting TV awards year after year.

At the India Today 2012 conclave a stupid person asked a guest speaker ( we don't insult guest speakers in India as a Dharma ) why he ran away in woman's garb when police attacked his meeting. 



The guest Baba Ramdev was equal to the occasion. He asked her " You would have rather seen me , die out there, right?" 

That shut her up.

All Indians know that the son of the Italian queen bee was caught by Wiki leaks telling USA that Hindus organisations are more dangerous than Lashkae E Toiba.




Anna Hazare sounds pathetic when he gives unsolicited pearls  "I haven't seen my brothers, don't even know the names of their kids, don't have a bank balance and didn't marry for serving the country.  ARREEE-- If I want, I can collect Rs 1 crore within minutes. People will give it to me."



CBI has done well to book Jagan Mohan Reddy.  His corrupt father YSR was doing "soul harvesting" by using his evangelist son-in-law , as well as "vote harvesting" by using money power. 

But then what about the others, like Mayawati, Sharad Pawar etc . The UPA govt will fall right?

PM Manmohan Singh, we Indians will support you and honour you if you show some ba##s and tell the Italian Madame where to get off.  

We had enough of this woman selling out India to foreign forces --like the Nuclear deal.  

YSR was her favourite CM just because he was a Christian.  We Indians like to be ruled by people who have Indian DNA.  

By the way, few of my readers think that I am anti-christian. 

I am not.  

My wife goes to Kurishipalli church at Calicut. 


I AM ONLY AGAINST MESSENGERS OF GOD , EXPLOITING VULNERABILITY.   

ANY EVANGELIST IS FREE TO CONVERT, WITHOUT PROSTITUTING THE SOUL.  

ONLY A PERVERT WILL OFFER A CHOCOLATE TO A YOUNG GIRL WITH ULTERIOR MOTIVES. 



If the Vatican priests understand this, paedophilia in churches will come down.


We had enough of Queen Bee and her chamchas like Kapil Sibal, whose spend inordinate time and effort in making Madama comfortable.

Madam made a fellow Christian AK Antony write a report why UPA did badly in UP elections.  

Poor Antony did what was expected of him-- he blamed the poor show in elections on everybody except crown prince Rahul's.  

And mind you Rahul Gandhi had sweated his a$$ off campaigning in every dusty UP village and holding countless road shows.

We want the black money held in Rothschild held Swiss banks to come back. 

My Russian officers who have had relatives working in the erstwhile KGB have told me about the KGB given money amount to Indian individuals in Swiss banks.  I don't want to repeat this in my post. 

We do know why UPA govt does NOT want to release any names of black money holders.

Manmohan Singh, can you hear the clarion call?  

You will NOT find any more empty grounds like at Mumbai in end Dec 2012.

The anti-corruption drive is now snowballing. 

There will be an avalanche soon.

Enough is enough!!

It is better to be on the RIGHT side of Indian history!!



CAUTION:  You must read an important post, without which this post is incomplete.  Punch into Google search WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA- VADAKAYIL.  

In USA paying bribes is called "lobbying"

Anna Hazare, you will soon be discarded by your own Team.  These shrewd manipulators driven by foreign money,  are just waiting for you to provide the initial momentum.  After that, you will be discarded like a curry leaf.   They will insult you and discard you -- when you stonewall their desh-drohi agenda ( like Walmart  for multi-brand FDI ) .
********************************************************************
THE MURDER OF PAZHASSI RAJA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DEATH OF THE LION OF KERALA PAZHASSI RAJA  ,  THREE FAKE BATTLES AND HISTORICAL WHITE LIES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A couple of days ago, I saw the Malayalam movie Pazhassi Raja on TV.  

 

The movie was released in Oct 2009 and starred Malayalam Mega star Mammotty.

There was another Pazhassi Raja movie made a few decades ago with actor Satyan. 



Both these movies have NOT got the facts right. 

But then the whole of British misadventure in India has been full of lies and deceit.  

Their historians portrayed Britain as a honourable country. The British white man in India was full of fair play and justice--BLAH BLAH.



In the first movie Pazhassi Raja committed suicide by swallowing his diamond ring. Such a coward he was, right?   

Here was a king who did NOT bow down to Hyder Ali , Tipu Sultan and the British-- a great fighter who used guerrilla commando methods with a small band of loyal archers and swordsmen against a superior army .




In the 2009 movie version he was killed by the British in a gunfight.  Again, the British were so smart, right?

WRONG!

The deceitful British bribed a negotiator by the name of Kanaran Menon to suddenly shoot him with a pistol at point blank range. 

The failed to smoke him out in open field engagement.  Kanaran, a traitor like thousands of others , loved to dress up in East India Company military dress and always carried arms.  He is the character portrayed by Jagathi Sreekumar.

Baber cremated the king the same day.

. 


I had read an account written by a British soldier in TH Baber's regiment, from an old book store in London.

Pazhassi Raja was the king of Kottayam--this is NOT the present day Kottayam, but is North and East of Calicut , my home town, the Telicherry , Wayanad area.


Prince Pazhassi was 4th in line for succession.. He became king because the first three scooted to the neighbouring state of Travancore fearing Tipu Sultan's atrocities.



Both Tipu Sultan and his father Hyder Ali were kept in business in a very shrewd manner by Rothschild, the owner of British East India company. 

The British ( read as Rothschild using his German speaking Hessian mercenaries ) kept Tipu Sultan alive till he plundered all Kerala temples of gold kept hidden in underground vaults.  For he had local intelligence and co-operation from the mulato Muslims ( Mappilas ) of Kerala.



This gold was the fruit of millenniums of spice trade starting off with the Pharaoh of Egypt , The King of Timbuktoo, King Solomon of Jerusalem and then the Arab Muslims, who were middle men with the Europeans. 



The reason why Tipu and his father Hyder Ali destroyed all the temples of North Kerala , was more greed of gold , than hatred against Hindu temples. 

Last year 24 billion US dollars worth of gold was unearthed from the vaults of a minor temple in erstwhile Travancore--Trivandrum.  The main vaults are still NOT opened due to security and political problems.



Once Tipu Sultan collected most of the gold like how bees gather honey and kept them in a nice heap in his palace in Srirangapatnam-- 

Rothschild used their usual deceit , and bribed his own Prime Minister Mir Saadiq to shoot him on his left cheek at point blank range on 4th May 1799 while the Sultan was having breakfast.



First Mir Saadiq sent the king's bodyguards and soldiers away to collect their monthly salary. The British fired thousand of rockets merrily into the air to make a fake show of a big battle. And they claimed that Tipu's gunpowder was wet . 

This gold stolen from Kerala Temples is worth Trillions today. The gold was taken away in 4 waiting East India Company ships , and this formed the base of Rothschild's Banking base. 



You will read in historical records that in 1799 Rothschild presented his son Nathan with a large amount of money to set up a banking business in London. Well this money did NOT fall from the sky.

In 1757 , the British East India Company took over India. 


               

The Battle of Plassey was a fake--with the propaganda of wet gun powder again. The battle is a huge lie, with British firing merrily into the air. 



Siraj Ud Daula was shot by his army commander and brother-in law Mir Jaffar at point blank range on 23rd June 1757.   



Mir Jaffar was bribed by East India Company employee Robert Clive, to send his troops in another direction. The British were so brave right?  



With just 3200 troops and 9 field guns they took on the mighty Mughal army of 70000 troops and 54 field guns , and licked the mickey out of them , right?



Yes, Robert Clive's finest hour!

Britain never fought a fair battle or Dharma Yuddha in India.  It was always by deceit most foul, under the motto "divide and rule".

Note: British Historian Thomas Babington Macaulay will NOT agree with this post. For white washing dirty British history, he was rewarded with a grave in Westminister Abbey.

********************************************************************
SCIENCE MEETS VEDANTA , THE LAST FRONTIER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SCIENTIFIC VEDANTA, THE LAST FRONTIER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I have been posting at the rate of ONE blog every day, since i started- more than 530 posts.  I consider this post at the most valuable .


God has given us 5 senses of narrow bandwidth, so that we do NOT have an information overload breakdown.
The quantum world cannot be observed by our 5 senses, and they do NOT follow the cause and effect laws of classical physics. We live in a time obstructed world using 5 senses -- and also a timeless realm in the quantum dimension, where what you see is NOT what you get.
Without factoring in consciousness there can be NO Theory of Every Thing (TOE) and Grand Unification Theory (GUT). When science meets the consciousness field of Vedanta written 7000 years ago, the last frontier can be breached.


The morphogenetic field or BrahmAn of Vedanta, has a self organizing electro magnetic nature. This is a merged grand Akashik field of several morphic fields of different nature by resonant coupling. This inductive field has consciousness and self initiating nature.
This non-linear field is holographic and holds information of not only past history by even every thought , emotion and feeling held in the right hand subconscious lobe of your brain. This explains the power of prayer and intention. The whole cosmos is interconnected in this field and speed is NOT restricted to speed of light.


This field amplifies when a large number of conscious people are involved focused with great intention on a single emotional thought chanting a single acoustic mantra which resonates their DNA. For example, the pilgrims at Sabarimala ( 55 million last year ) and the Kumbh Mela ( 50 million ) amplify this consciousness field. 


Acoustic waves propagate with a velocity of v = 1.4 km/s in the human body. The morphogenic field is a field of energy containing a certain frequency or resonance, created by all living species that are both visible and invisible on planet Earth.  All living species, human beings, animals and plants have a consciousness and therefore an emotional field.  Emotion and the energy connected to it is one of the most powerful forces of creation in existence.  When a large number of conscious people think , intend and act in similar ways, a morphogenic field can be created.


The acoustic resonant frequency of the human body falls into the range of 7-8 Hz and so does the Schumann frequency or earth’s heartbeat of 7.83 hertz – which is the basis of the Hindu King Mantra OM.  OM is lifted and pasted in other cultures as MEN, but then amen means nothing.  OM forms the divine geometry of Sri Yantra which holds the golden ratio of 1.618 and the theory of everything on water as cymatics.
The alpha meditative brainwave which also happens during REM sleep , falls in this frequency range.  Human consciousness fields primarily interact at the alpha frequency of around 7.5 Hz, therefore the creative state of mind is the same one as the most influential source of the collective consciousness field.  I do hope you get the drift of this amazing subtle interaction. 

Elevation of the consciousness of mankind is not possible , without a significant role of emotions and intention arising of free choice. Both "Time" and "Space" exist within the realm of our all pervading consciousness or BrahmAN .  

Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that brahmAn is the fundamental enitity from which everything else has come.  Darwin and his monkey gang may NOT agree. Consciousness shapes our material world. DNA about which Darwin had zilch idea , is a transceiver of information, some from the space time dimension and the other form the quantum world
Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures. 


A living man has trillions of cells.  In these cells thousands of self starting and self stopping reactions happen every second, which have a specific life-function. This cannot happen by chance, but need intelligent guidance, timing and regulation.  

The quantum-vacuum morphic field interactions play a significant role in the fields of cosmology, physics, biology and consciousness. The brains job is to maintain the physical portion of the link, between the body and consciousness


Any observer must be conscious, and therefore the consciousness of the observer is critical to the outcome of any quantum experiment. It is NO great coincidence that almost all tha great quantum scientists were proficient in Vedanta.  The timeless principles of Vedanta is expressed in the technical language of Quantum Mechanics and the philosophy of science, even today with little or no attenuation of meaning. 


The Maharishis of the Vedic era had 12 strand DNAs and had fractal minds which could see every problem in science and mathematics as fractal geometry. The modern scientists have realized that maths is nothing but 3D geometry in numericals. Scalar electromagnetics is a unified field theory, of electromagnetics and gravitation, as per the Sri Yantra divine geometry. 

The brain and DNA receives and send out scalar waves with a hidden order. Our quantum-resonance-decoding brain is capable of  capturing information on anything and everything that creates quantum-interference waves in the universe.

Brain is a hologram that is a part of an even larger hologram - the universe itself. We all have roots in the universe. Conscious mental activity exerts measurable effects on the physical world.

What is in the macrocosm is in this microcosm.

-Chandogya Upanishad
                            

                              
Modern Quantum physics and Vedanta address the same immeasurable and immanent nature of Absolute Reality, of which the observable phenomenological cosmos is a small bit.  The ancient 7000 year old Vedanta and quantum physics approach the subject from widely divergent points of view and use vastly different language to treat it.  Yet they can reconcile without diminishing the importance or subtlety of either.

Scientific Vedanta factoring in the morphogenetic consciousness field or brahmAn is indeed the last frontier .  Vedanta had recognized the transcendental nature of consciousness, and the practical ability of directed consciousness to act, in effect, as co-creator of the universe to realize its full potential. 

The last frontier must be breached by science by 21st Dec 2012, to save this planet.  If this breach does NOT take place there will be visible signs in the form of albinos. In the olden days , the Bedouins cut of the right hand of thieves. Too many people walking around the market place with one hand was a sure sign indeed.  After 21st Dec 2012 , our hidden human potential will unfold as a matter of free choice.

The higher order of consciousness that represents our next leap in human evolution will be activated, as we evolving into a higher frequency of light. This hidden potential lies within the very fabric of our DNA. Our 2 strand 97% junk DNA can be upgraded to 12 strand NIL junk DNA.

DNA is capable of rearranging itself intelligently in response to changing environmental conditions.


It is now necessary to drive in the practical methods of Vedanta into accessible Western scientific minds to expand their consciousness .  For the uninitiated ,  Vedanta is the essense of voluminous literature of the Vedas written in 5000 BC by seers on the banks of the river Saraswati . It is the ultimate knowledge, once knowing which, there is nothing further to be known.
Hinduism ,the mother of all religions is NOT a religion at all —but a way of life based on the principle of Dharma.  Vedanta is the apex of the knowledge of the Vedic tradition, exactly as Quantum Mechanics and allied fields are the most advanced subjects in Western science. As per Vedanta we are essentially holographic energy beings existing in a state of resonance with the scalar field of the cosmos


None of the quantum scientists have categorized Vedanta as a religious work. They have perused and found that it is a subtle mathematical or scientific analysis.  . Vedanta and Quantum Mechanics describe the same subject—ultimate reality—from opposite points of view and perspective. Vedanta examines evidence, asserts hypotheses, quotes established authorities both pro and con its thesis, and closely reasons its way to a well-substantiated conclusion.

The space between the electrons , which gave free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus, is called Akasha as per Vedanta . The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom. It is the space between them that is, the “substance.”  Vedanta has told 7000 years ago that matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy—and this is what Einstein who was proficient in Vedanta too seconded..

Vedanta means the ultimate conclusion of all branches of knowledge. As philosophy is called the science of all sciences, Vedanta is the ultimate philosophy of all philosophical speculations. That Vedanta is available in the “soap is civilization” Christian West primarily through religious interpreters in pagan saffron robes has prejudiced their evaluation of its relevance to scientific concerns.



However at the CERN , linear accelerator centre, super collider hadron  the statue of the dancing Shiva is given pride of position. There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void. The continuous flow of energy in and out of the material world is the cosmic dance of Shiva.

The experiment marked the first time that the creation of matter from radiation had been directly observed. Pair production (the formation of a positron and an electron ) happens when electromagnetic energy interacts with matter. This is the cosmic dance of Shiva—not the propaganda of Vatican,  that Shiva is a corpse eating man covered in ashes with a snake as a “kundalini” pet.


The Bible says that the universe is only thousands of years old. While Vedanta and the modern quantum theory agrees that it is around 15 billion years.  It is amazing that the timeless Vedic tradition remains relevant and easily expressible in terms of contemporary scientific concepts.

In Advaita Vedanta, the only reality is Brahman, the Oneness. All else that exists is surface reality of the world around us. Beyond this surface reality lies the true Absolute Reality, and that is Brahman. Brahman is the only reality of this world and all others have only relative reality.



'Om Isha vasyam idam sarvam, yat kincha jagatyam jagat'
"All this- whatever exists in this changing universe, is pervaded by consciousness"
-Isa Upanishad
"Om purnamadah purnamidam purnaat purnamudachyate,purnasya purnamadaya purnamevaavashishyate"

"That  (consciousness) is full (perfect) ; this (the manifest universe of matter; of names and forms being maya) is full. This fullness has been projected from that fullness. When this fullness merges in that fullness,  all that remains is fullness."
-Isa Upanishad

Bhagavad Gita, Ch.13,Verses 15 :
"Without and within all beings the unmoving and also the moving; because of Its subtlety, unknowable; and near and far away is That( brahmAn )".



Modern science accepted consciousness only after it got shell shocked by the results of the quantum double slit experiment..  Vedanta has always spoken about the importance of the conscious observer. The mystic and the physicist has now arrived at the same conclusion; one starting from the inner realm, the other from the outer world.

 No fundamental deficiencies have been found in quantum mechanics, since the past 7 decades. Einstein warned us that science without religion is blind and that religion without science is lame

Everything is energy. Einstein expressed an understanding of this truth in his famous theorem E=MC2, which established the interchangeability of matter and energy. Concerning matter, Einstein once remarked, "we have been all wrong. What we have called matter is energy, whose vibration has been so lowered as to be perceptible to the senses. There is no matter."  He has just quoted from Vedanta which clearly stated Maya, the illusion often mistaken for reality. 
The theory of relativity, and the space-time character of the universe, were perceived by the old Indian Rishis in their advanced stage of spiritual consciousness 9000 years ago. In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.
Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity.

Unlike other animals, the elephant can see itself clearly in a mirror and is a conscious animal. This is why in Hindu temples elephants are allowed.  After all temples are meant to elevate your consciousness.  

Consciousness is a field embedded at the fundamental level of the universe, with our brains and DNA being the transceivers.  Our DNA which can be be influenced by scalar waves and acoustics ( mantras ) can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of Akasha. .
Akasha –the morphogenetic consciousness field , as per Vedanta is the source of everything that exists, and in which the memory of the cosmos is encoded. Everything we know, perceive, and imagine, every color, sound, sensation, every thought and every feeling, is a form appearing in the mind. It is all an in-forming of consciousness—mind stuff- or Chitta. .


  In the words of Maharishi Mahesh Yogi, "Consciousness is the field of all possibilities". Our whole experience is a construction in the mind, a form appearing in consciousness. These mental forms are composed not of physical substance but of "Chitta or mindstuff".  

What appear to us as fundamental dimensions and attributes of the physical world—space, time, matter and energy—are but the fundamental dimensions and attributes of the forms appearing in consciousness.  Thus the smallest item would be a unit of perception, a unit of experience. It would be a quantum of consciousness, a quantum of chitta.

When the Gita says "The Universe produced phenomenally in me, is pervaded by me. . . From me the world is born, in me it exists, in me it dissolves."  It can only be understood if we understand consciousness. This is why the Western readers who has NO idea of consciousness , thought that the glorious Vedas are bumpkin shepherds verses .  Only consciousness can explain consciousness. 

We have unlimited and immediate access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. Akasha, the mother of all fields—provides the ultimate holographic blueprint of the world for all time, past and future. It is this that we tap into when we see the past or future.


The brahmAn (morphogenetic field) is the reason why a partially formed biological structure (the 'morphogentic germ") gets attached to the morphogentic field of a species, which then guides the growth of the rest of the form.  Every structure carries its own morphogentic field. If a structure like an organism incorporates sub organisms of different nature, then the morphogenetic field of the organism would also incorporate the fields of the sub organisms.

The fabric of the universe, the primal Field, was created by consciousness and is held in existence by consciousness. The entire universe is the consciousness of the Creator. Consciousness creates energy, it creates matter, and it creates the perspectives of space and time.

The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields. They cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission.


Cells themselves have the ability to perfectly reprogram their own DNA when the external environment demands it. Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a biohologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form. DNA can be influenced by acoustic, electromagnetic and scalar waves our DNA can even be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code. DNA is a biological Internet that links all human beings.
DNA for new forms of life was found by NASA in a black meteorite stone ( Shiva Lingam ) 10 months back.  The concept of the macrocosm as microcosm exists in Vedanta—that the greater divine [light] is reflected in the human body—that the spiritual human … has encoded within it a divine blueprint.  

The DNA is a transceiver for the BrahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field. The Cosmic Mind is termed as Hiranyagarbha in Vedanta - and every conscious mind being an integral part of the Cosmic Mind, becomes vulnerable and sensitive to these cosmic vibrations of thought.


DNA exists  inside the cells of all living things. The DNA chemical code is very complex. The code inside one human cell out of 50 trillion cells, contains fifty thousand to a hundred thousand separate instructions, called genes, and each gene controls a different characteristic.
Genetics is the study of the way inherited characteristics are passed on. Genetic engineering is the technology by which one could manipulate the genes, thereby altering the inherited characteristics at the microcosmic level. . In a cell’s nucleus, there are several lengths of DNA. Each one is called a chromosome. 

A gene is one area of a chromosome that has the instructions to make one protein. DNA works by telling a cell how to make the many different proteins that our cells need to work. To do this, a part of the DNA helix is temporarily ‘unzipped’, so that its code can be copied.
Genetic engineering goes against the laws of the morphogenetic field and indeed the universe. Eating genetically modified foods is detrimental in DNA upgradation.
Consciousness differentiates, just like DNA differentiates . The brain and DNA is governed by the laws of quantum physics rather than the laws of biology or neurophysiology. Scalar waves ( made famous by Nikola Tesla ) is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness influence each other

The Taittiriya Upanishad speaks of Maharishi Bhrigu, the son of Varuna, approaching his father with the following prayer: ‘Adhihi bhagavo brahmeti. Sir, teach me Brahman.’Varuna says, ‘Yato va imani bhutani jayante; yena jatani jivanti; yatprayantyabhisamvishantiti; tadvijijnasasva; tadbrahmeti”. Know That from which all beings originate, emerge; That in which all beings rest; and That into which all beings finally merge - That is Brahman.’ (3.1.1)

Vedanta says that there's an inner intelligence in your body, and that inner intelligence is consciousness, it's the ultimate… it's the ultimate in supreme genius, which mirrors the wisdom of the universe.


Newton’s classical objective  science is devoted only to that which is observed. Soon psychology came along, to the process of observation. But western science like Vedanta  never devoted itself to who's observing, and a science that does not take into account the observer, who is so fundamental to the observation, because without the observer there would be no observation - is an incomplete and mindless science. We cannot call it a science; unless we include consciousness. The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized.

Consciousness is the intelligence, the organizing principle behind the arising of form, unlike what Darwin says . The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention and desire. Consciousness is the intelligent force that started the blueprint which ultimately manifested itself as a particular form. 

There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. The expanded abilities of self awareness is abstract reasoning, free will, creativity, foresight etc.


In the Mahabharata OF 4000bc, you see the brahmAn or the morphogenetic consciousness field in motion. Queen Gandhari’s ( mother of Kauravas ) foetus was broken up and put in 101 mudpots by Maharishi Vyasa . These test pots were carefully attended to by trained morphic field resonator parichaarakas for 'incubating' these test tubes .


This is the first written example of test tube babies and 'stem cell technology' . That the cells from broken pieces of foetus because of totipotential nature of embryonic cells could be 'cultured ' into compete human forms in a morphogenetic field is expounded here.


The chronological description of both events stunningly correlate with sequence of evolution of present day technology.


Morphogenetic fields are created by the patterns of physical forms. They help guide the formation of later similar systems where a newly forming system "tunes into" a previous system by having within it a "seed" that resonates with a similar seed in the earlier form.

If Charles Darwin were to see the video below of INTELLIGENT DESIGN be might go into a deep sulk!
 

Science has proven that your hair follicles, dead skin etc… vibrates with your pattern after it leaves your body from hundreds of miles away.  They were able to detect changes in vibrations in case study on of a hair follicle that was hundreds of miles away from it owner when his mood changed.

Morphic fields underlie the intelligent organization of proteins, cells, crystals, plants, animals, brains, and minds. They help to explain habits, memories, instincts, telepathy, and the sense of direction. The structure of morphic fields depends on what has happened before. They have an inherent memory and imply that many of the so-called laws of nature are more like habits.
When fruit fly eggs were exposed to a diethyl ether, some of them developed abnormally, turning into flies with four wings instead of two. When this treatment was repeated generation after generation, more and more flies developed four wings, even if their ancestors had never been exposed to the chemical. 
 

When big predators swim into a small fish school, the fish dart quickly to the side in a coordinated way in order to clear a path through the middle. They move very fast in response to quite unexpected stimuli, yet they do not bump into each other.

The Upanishads form the concluding portions of the Veda and therefore called the “Vedanta” or the end of the Veda and contains the essence of Vedic teachings. The Vedas in its unchanged unabridged format in Sanskrit verses , have guided the Indian’s religious direction for ages and will continue to do so till our sun goes supernova. . 

The Vedic metaphysician was a sort of super scientist, unlimited in his curiosity and gifted with a capacity for putting together other people's findings with a skill and imagination that none of them individually commands.
The Sanskrit word for philosophy is darshan or 'seeing', which implies that Sanatana Dharma is is grounded firmly on human consciousness and perception. Vedas introduced Consciousness , the most valuable thing on this planet , to Western philosophical thought. 

The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers.


The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 9000 BC , that our universe is not woven from matter but consciousness. These seers and channels said, that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it , that Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable. 

In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.

What Maharishis  calculated and recorded 7000  years ago, for example the wobble of the Earth's axis, which creates the movement called precession of the equinoxes  – the slowly changing motion that completes one cycle every 25,920 years – has only recently been validated by modern science, and is lifted and patented.


The Vedic sages who discovered brahmAn  had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth. Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift Vedic ideas without any understanding , and patent it in their names.

In the video below , Mount Kailash ( the most exhilarating sight on a moonlit night ) is the abode of Lord Shiva, the pineal gland of the planet.

 


Video-  Morphogenetic consciousness in brahmAn --Rig Veda 5000 BC.

 
7000 years before the hologram was invented Vedanta has written about the holographic universe and the holographic function of the brain. So also about the consciousness field and the power of intention , while breaking the coconut to create wormholes. Today you find thousands of Western authors like Lynn McTaggart has lifted EVERY THING whole sale, yet they do NOT acknowledge the author less Vedas , the Upanishads of ancient India.  They throw a fog screen about Hopi Indians , the Mayans and the lot-- who did NOT even have a written language. They talk about fancy words like Chakra , Akasha etc not knowing that these are 11000 year old Sanskrit words, when their land was under 1 kilometer of hard ice.

Italian Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.

Consider the numbers 0 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128. Multiply by 3 and add 4 we get 4 7 10 16 28 52 100 196 388. Now divide them by 10. Now these are the distance of 9 planets from the sun if the distance from the sun and the earth is taken as one unit.  1 = 93 million miles.
********************************************************************
AYURVEDA, REVERSE OSMOSIS BATHS IN 4000 BC- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AYURVEDA , ROCK SALT BATHS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


First see the video below to appreciate what goes on in your body.

 








Charaka is called the Father of Medicine. He was the author of the Charaka Samhita in 4200 BC , which contained 120 chapters in Sanskrit.
Charaka was the first to introduce Reverse Osmosis via human skin porous membrane , by hot bath soaks to de-toxify cells, for lymph drainage and enzyme regulation , using inorganic Himalayan rock salts rich in Magnesium Sulphate ( Kaala Namak ) and organic Ayurvedic herbs. Sometimes he just used cow's fresh urine and warm living water containing herbs.
Today this planet makes fresh water from sea water by using this ancient reverse osmosis technology.
Reverse Osmosis is amazing fluid engineering.
Bernoullie's theorm and eductor principle is the main stay of fluid engineerng. 


If you look at it, this etchnique was used in Ayurveda , 6000 years ago, to educt mucus from sinuses. 


The Yogi would drinh like warm water into which some rock salt was added. The amzing part isthat he drank through the nose and expelled the solution from the mouth. This liquid is the driving water. Capillary action and eductor suction causes the mucus from sinuses to be sucked out .
Let me get back to "osmosis" and "reverse osmosis".
You see it all around you, but you hardly take any notice.
The ancient Maharisis of Kerala notices sea birds drinking salt water. They knew of course that birds and mammals cannot dring salt water.The sea birds filter the saltwater through a membrane in their throats by exerting pressure more than the osmotic pressure, whic allowed the fresh water to pass through, but not the salt. nd then they spat out the salty waste brine.
We sailors do NOT drink seawater when we our ships sink, as we will die. Saltwater from the ocean is hypertonic to the cells of the human body; the drinking of ocean water dehydrates body tissues instead of quenching thirst.
Plants draw water from the soil via osmosis.
If you put saltwater fish in a freshwater pond they die, or vice versa. This is due to osmosis via their skin which is more porous than human skin.

If a cell is put in a solution which has a solute concentration higher than its own, then it will shrivel up, and if it is put in a solution with a lesser solute concentration than its own, the cell will expand and burst .
If a fresh waterleech grabs on to your body you can kill it by putting some salt on it.
Now I must explain the science , of you will wonder what the fu#k is happening during "osmosis" and "reverse osmosis".
Osmosis can be explained by the fact that less concentrated solution contains more free energy, so solvent molecules tend to diffuse to a place of lower free energy in order to equalize free energy (and semipermeable membrane allows only solvent molecules to pass ). This will result in a net flow of water to the side with the solution. This net flow will slow and finally stop as the pressure on the solution side becomes such that the movement in each direction is equal.The flow does NOT follow the laws of gravity and the universal water level. 



In a U tube with a membrane at the bottom you will be amazed to find that the level is higher on one side

Reverse osmosis on the other hand is a separation process that uses pressure to force a solvent through a semi-permeable membrane that retains the solute on one side and allows the pure solvent to pass to the other side. 



More formally, it is the process of forcing a solvent from a region of high solute concentration through a membrane to a region of low solute concentration by applying a pressure in excess of the osmotic pressure.

The osmotic pressure depends only on the number of dissolved particles in a defined volume, and not on their size or charge. The process of regulating the concentration of water and mineral salts in the blood is called osmoregulation.
Osmotic pressure" is the pressure which needs to be applied to a solution to prevent the inward flow of water across a semipermeable membrane. Or in other words it is the minimum pressure needed to nullify osmosis
Nearly 80% of our total body weight is water. One-third of this body fluid is outside the cells-100 trillion of them. 12% of your body fluid is blood and 62% of your bodily fluid is inside the cells. This means that around 36% of your fluid is lymph. Lymph is the fluid that surrounds all the cells. It is the cell's environment. 


There's 3-times more lymph fluid in the body than blood. All cells depend directly on extracellular water for food. When waste material leaves the body cells, the two circulating body fluids, the blood and the lymph carry it away. The lymph is formed out of the blood but contains no red blood cells.
The lymphatic system carries away toxins from all body cells, its proper functioning is important to the health of the entire body. Lymph is filled with nutrients on their way to the cells, waste products thrown off by the cells hormones, and enzymes. . When fresh supplies replace the waste products of cells--the toxins, bacteria viruses, poisons, trash and debris--cells are healthier, and so are you. The removal of proteins from the interstitial spaces is an absolutely essential function, without which we would die with 24 hours
When the lymphatic system becomes extremely full of mucoid material, a pressure is created that is felt all over the body. It starts as a tension in the muscles that becomes an aching of the muscles as the pressure increases. One function of a fever is to thin the lymph mucoid, improving its ability to flow and to pass through the walls of the colon. All lymph-purifying influences reduce fever by lessening the necessity for using fever to thin the lymph.
If the colon cannot perform the necessary rate of purification of the lymph, then the body uses the liver to do the work instead. The toxins taken up by the liver are excreted as part of the bile. When the flow of bile becomes excessive, bile backs up into the stomach, and the result is nausea. Most grasses are lymph purifiers, which is why meat eating animals eat grass when sick.
So--
When you sit in a bathtub containing warm water , cow's urine and dissolved Magnesium Sulphate salts---.
----If the medium is hypertonic— a concentrated solution, with a lower water concentration than the cell — the cell will lose water by osmosis.
-----If the medium is hypotonic — a dilute solution, with a higher water concentration than the cell— the cell will gain water through osmosis.
Did I hear someone saying YECH!

Well the vegetarian cow has got a very elaborate digestive system with 4 stomachs-- and the cow urine is NOT so YECH--OK?   

Instead of taking a soak in it, you could even drink it if you have severe health problems. The urine must be fresh--within 5 minutes of excretion.

Laboratory analysis of cow urine shows that it contains nitrogen, magnesium, sulphur, phosphate, sodium, manganese, carbolic acid, iron, silicon, chlorine, melci, citric, titric, succenic, calcium salts, Vitamin A, B, C, D, E, minerals, lactose, enzymes, creatinine, hormones and gold acids.
So waht is this Kaala Namak?
It is rock salt which is a bit bitter and NOT salty like sea salt or Sodium Chloride or NaCl. 


Here it is a pure mineral compound or Magnesium Sulphate ( MgSO4 ) due to interaction between porous chalk and non-porous clay.. 



Magnesium has a positive charge, while Sulphate has a negative charge. The modern world calls this Epsom salt. Jean-Antoine Nollet of the Royal Society of London found Magnesium Sulpate in a spring at a English Village by the name of Espom about 250 years ago.

Even the Portuguese who landed in Calicut in 1498, used to sit in Magnesium Sulphate cum Cow's urine baths in the Aryavaidyasalas in Calicut to destress and also to get relief from bleeding piles and itchy herpes ( Pirangi Punnu in Malayalam --Foreigner's sore ).

Magnesium and Sulfate are both readily absorbed through the skin. The human skin is a highly porous membrane . Reverse osmosis pulls salt out of your body, and harmful toxins along with it. Like I explained in great detail above , in reverse osmosis, water molecules move from a low concentration to a high concentration. While osmosis takes in Magnesium and Sulphur.

So what does Magnesium ions do, when it enters your body via the skin?


---People drink cow's milk and cry--HAAHA we have got enough Calcium!.
Wrong you morons !.
The ideal calcium to magnesium ratio for the human body should be 2:1. Milk's ratio is a lopsided 10:1. By relying on cow's milk for calcium, you will have magnesium deficiency and imbalance . Magnesium deficiency alters calcium metabolism and the hormones that regulate calcium, resulting in osteoporosis. Magnesium is critical in the proper use of calcium, which serves as a main conductor of the electric impulses in your body.

---Magnesium is involved in more than 300 biochemical enzyme reactions in the body.It
regulates electrolytes in your body, ensuring proper functioning of the muscles, nerves and enzymes.

Magnesium is used in every cellular function. It is an essential mineral for every organ, muscle and bone in the body.

--Helps in reducing inflammation including gout.  
--Lack of magnesium has been associated with Alzheimer’s disease, autism, chronic fatigue syndrome, food allergy, headaches, and depression.

It performs a vital role in orchestrating many bodily functions, from muscle control and electrical impulses to energy production and the elimination of harmful toxins.  
----Magnesium helps to produce serotonin, a mood-elevating chemical within the brain that creates a feeling of calm and relaxation.

---It prevents fluid retention and slowing skin aging
--- Stress drains the body of magnesium.Magnesium ions relax and reduce irritability by lowering the effects of adrenaline. Deficiency in Magnesium leads to muscle spasms, cardiovascular disease, diabetes, high blood pressure, anxiety disorders and migraines.It prevents heart disease and strokes by improving blood circulation, lowering blood pressure and preventing blood clots. 




-----Magnesium increases energy and stamina by encouraging the production of ATP (adenosine triphosphate), the energy packets made in the cells.
---Magnesium aids in carbohydrate metabolism and influences the release and activity of insulin, thereby controlling blood glucose levels . We are looking at preventing obesity here.
--Helps women cope with horrible menopause problems. 


Foods rich in Magnesium are dates, almonds , cashew nuts , peanuts, banana , rajma, watermelon seeds , cocoa etc.


Can you believe this.  6000 years ago, Ayurveda prescribes magnesium rich foods and drinks ( like 9% magnesium tender coconut water and probiotic curd ) for excessive night urination, vertigo, de-stressing, back cramps, muscle spasms, migraine, depression, fatigue,  hypertension, diabetes , prevention of kidney stones and even combating morbid obesity.

Yogis did NOT advocate cow’s milk unless the magnesium quantity was built up by boiling with magnesium rich spices like cinnamon.


 


Sulfur deficiency is a big threat to vegetarians who do not consume any meat, seafood, eggs or dairy food.Broccoli, cauliflower, cabbage, onions , garlic are rich in sulfur-containing nutrients --though lost by cooking.
Sulfur deficiency symptoms:--
Fatigue
Brittle nails and hair
Joint Problems like arthritis
Skin problems
Varicose veins & poor circulation
Inability to digest fat
Increased allergies

So- what does sulphate do when it enters your body via the skin?
--It is essential to enable cells to breathe.
--Improve the absorption of nutrients, and flushes toxins. 
---Sulphates are difficult to absorb from food, but are readily absorbed through the skin. Because the sulphur is already in the sulphate form, it does not need to be converted like other forms of sulphur do. Sulfur is necessary for the secretion of bile from the liver and for converting toxins into non-toxins. 
---The sulphate assists the body in reduction of swelling, improving the lymph drainage, breakdown and elimination of toxins
--Sulfur rich foods help to give you healthy hair, skin and nails. Sulfur foods are important as this mineral is present in every one of your cells.

Sodium and calcium always partner and as they move into the cell they displace potassium and magnesium.  
Put some music on when you have a bathtub soak. Magnesium sulfate is the primary substance that causes the absorption of slow frequency sound in seawater. You play Sanskrit mantra audios with OM king mantra resonance low frequency sounds it affects your body. Raw ginger juice in the bath helps the body to sweat, so toxins are drawn to the skin to the surface. Make sure you drink lot of water before you get into the tub.

People with skin problems could put fresh neem leaves.

Nowadays you get lot of reverse osmosis purifiers in the market. Make sure they have a built in mineraliser or I would advise you not to buy it. If you have understood the reverse osmosis theory, i wont have to do any more explaining. But I am sure lot of non-too-bright readers have skipped those paras.
For these souls --
There is something called osmotic shock.

If you drink RO water or even ionised water ( DI water or even distileld water ) , the absence of salt in it makes this movement occur VERY fast, as the body starts to try to reach equilibrium. The salt movement is a bit too fast and has so much force behind it that the cell walls basically explode from the shock, which of course kills the cells. 


Kill too many of the 100 trillion you have -- you can get internal bleeding. 

 
See the video once more.

On ships where you have fresh water generators from flash evaporation , it is desirable to fit a mineraliser ( Dolomite ).  When MLC 2006 kicks in, make sure you get it.
********************************************************************
OM PARVAT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OM PARVAT-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Om Parvat can be seen en route to the Kailash Manasarovar Yatra from the last camp below Lipu Lekh pass at Nabhidhang. Many trekkers to Adi Kailash often make a diversion to view Om Parvat. Om Parvat is located near Nabhi Dhang, on the border between India and Nepal.

The king Mantra OM or AUM is 11000 years old—and was told by the sages that it was the original sound when the Cosmos was created. 
OM is the first and foremost of all mantras. Mantra is the sound body of consciousness. 


What you see on the mountain aint no illusion. The semicircle of Maya is missing--only Turiya the fourth state of blissful consciousness can be seen.


OM is considered as the sound of Cosmic Energy and contains all the sounds in itself. The spiritual efficacy of Om is heard, not by the ears but by the heart
The human ear can discern only a very narrow band between 20 Hz to 20000 Hz. The rest in inaudible. This is why NO cosmic sound can be heard by the human ear.
These cosmic sounds were heard by rishis in their spiritual trances which broadened their sense spectrums.
OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light. Every Mudra has to be preceded by OM.

The Bible uses the corrupted version of AMEN, which does NOT resonate. 

If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra by cymatics which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it. 
Sri Yantra construct is from the Golden ratio of 1.618. This divine geometry contains the elusive Theory of Every thing.(TOE )

The mysterious number 786 is sacred in Koran. Nobody has been able to explain what it is, though it is printed on all Arabic Korans. Write OM in Sanskrit and keep it facing a mirror and you can see like MAGIC the number 786 in Devanagri script.

Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.
The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM. The primordal vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM.  OM resonates with the earths heartbeat of 7.83 hertz.  NASA kept 7.83 hertz generators on their Apollo space crafts.
 

The sign of OM is the sign of Hinduism.

Hinduism is the mother of all religions.  It is 11500 years old, while the next oldest religion is just 2500 years old. 
Its spiritual books the Vedas were written in Sanskrit 7000 years ago , when the rest of the world was doing grunt grunt for communications.
15% of the people on this planet are Hindu. In 7000 BC Hindu temples existed from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam-- during the benevolent rule of Aryan Indian king Emperor Vikramaditya.  It was always GIVE GIVE and never TAKE TAKE.

See a majestic temple in Java-below.

 
It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by hoodwinking the unsuspecting masses. 

Hinduism has never converted , by guile / exploiting vulnerability ( Christian missionaries ) or force ( Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats. 



Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason This is the only religion that  has NOT reduced itself to one man, one book, one faith.
In the Hindu tradition, there is no single revelation,  by which people may achieve knowledge of the divine or lead a life backed by religious law.
The Hindu tradition acknowledges that there are many paths by which people may seek and experience religious understanding and direction. It also claims that every individual has the potential to achieve enlightenment. . 
It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. Hinduism has never claimed to be the only true religion.  There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. This is the reason why India has never attacked any other country.
The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.
It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of Dharma. It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.
You cannot be a Hindu heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic.
Openness is the essence of Hinduism. 

It is no wonder that in the past decade , foreigners are running into the arms of Hinduism.



 

Click on the link below to see the Cambodian Hindu Temple of Angkor Wat.

http://youtu.be/OzR8lFXigko

After that punch into Google search THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA - VADAKAYIL, just to see how much Indian History has been pushed forward in time by a few thousand years , distorted and belittled. 
Zionist Rothschild's HISTORY channel ,in collusion with Vatican exists to distort history. 
Hindu temple Angkor Wat just took 30 years to build, while Christian cathedrals --and maybe a Jewish Synagogues too -- takes more than 300 years --as per the morons (sic!) !!
********************************************************************
CHEMBU KIZHANGU , COLOCASIA AND PMS SYNDROME - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


AYURVEDA 4000 BC --  PROGESTERONE WITH CIRCUMIN TO PREVENT UTERINE FIBROIDS, OVARIAN CYSTS AND MENSTRUAL BLEEDING- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This post is in response to a request from one of my readers Sudeepa.
People may ask what a ship's captain knows about female menopause problems.

These people must first read my poem ( pasted below ) about a ship's captain's job--  who does contextual leadership 24 hours a day -- NOT 9 to 5.
He is NOT a one trick pony.

Often he has to placate sailors who get desperate in the middle of the Pacific ocean, whose wife or mother is in hospital for PMS problems. This quality counselling he does is part of his job-- he gets paid for it.
A shore "one trick pony" MD or Chairman or President's life is never at risk,. When he has a security problem he uses his chair power ---there is a department to deal with it. If one of his team has a accident-- there is a specialist doctor available.  If his faucet leaks-- he calls the plumber. If one of his managers gets run over by a truck when crossing the road to office , he is not hauled over the burning embers for not training the manager how to cross the road properly with a log entry authenticating the solemn deed.
In short a “one size fits all” shore company CEO is not a 24 hour father figure. He rarely gets the opportunity to practice emotional or contextual leadership like a ships captain ,where he got to juggle diverse hats—doctor, lawyer, judge , policeman, plumber, cook, barber, tailor, head shrink, journalist, politician, conciliator, party organizer, coach, diplomat, savior, plumber, engineer, metallurgist, referee, soldier without licence to kill —you name it.

This jack of all trades Captain at sea , changes hats every few steps based on the context, culture , setting , direct/ indirect cues that demand a particular style of leadership—where relevance, urgency and potential , relative to the need of his crew are dynamically assessed.
So here is the poem-- ENJOY!
####################################
after six months of camping, in lonely avenue
wound up taut, like a high tension spring
suffering from the blues , when lonely winds blew past
falling apart from the seams, when bad news came from home
yet, never allowing a sigh to get out of his heart
controlling his biological urges, being the perfect family man
changing coats constantly, as the situation on board deemed
judge, doctor, policeman, accountant, pest control, cook
journalist , plumber, head shrink, soldier ( without license to kill )
businessman --you name it--he does it as part of his job
round the clock, not 9 to 5 -- day after day, without holiday
giving away prizes, which he , and only he had earned
yet, willingly being the scapegoat , when murphy's law ruled
trying to figure out the blurred line between fact and fiction
living on the edge, never feelin' immune to the prospect of failure
working for bosses who had mastered the art of exploiting vulnerability
steeling himself to read telexes which started -- "we fail to understand--"
being the punching bag for thankless owners , managers and charterers
being forced to take uncalculated risks, against his better judgment
trying to push his ship, to keep pace with a pea brained schedule
pushing mr.pride aside, when dealing with customs and coastguard
itching to bloody their noses , but somehow, holding his peace
forcing him to add more names, to the list of people who could kiss his ass
being patient to wait for one more minute, past eternity
dealing with faceless men, and spineless backdoor hustlers
who got their kicks ,by sending missiles by telex from overseas
rubbing shoulders with powers that be , who put their mouths into motion
without putting their collective brains into gear --even once
deadening his raw nerves in the cold comfort of whisky heaven
--the days his bosses played petty mind games of domination on him
distrusting angels which fly too low-- not believing in messiahs
burning bridges behind him , when the situation became 'no go'
combating the sinkin' feeling that time is running out on him
time and again, counting the odds against tomorrow
wearing lucky charms , combating ulcers and nose bleeds
yet thriving on the virus of pressure , like the quintessential shark
which need to suck salt water past its gills to stay alive
after all this--
this modern seafarin' gypsy has passed on his crown of thorns
packed his bags, and is now a stranger in even stranger lands
destination home-sweet-home, his DTGH is only one
wending his weary way to his hotel room, he drops on the bed
the windmills of his mind come to a smooth halt , as he falls into slumber
they had been ceaselessly turned by winds of anxiety, the last six months
it is unwinding time now for this poor wanderer
HUSH!
NOT A SOUND!!


THE CAPTAIN SLEEPS TONIGHT!!!
( DTGH means days to go home )
################################################
Now let me get back to the core subject.
I am from the land of Kerala in India, where Ayurveda took root in 4000 BC. Kerala has the largest variety of medicinal herbs on this planet.

One of the herb foods is CHEMBU KIZHNGU or Colocasia.
TURMERIC containing Circumin is a quantum food. No kitchen in Kerala , nay-India- is without Turmeric.
Malayali women never had all these fancy PMS problems--basically because of clean air, living water and good diet.
Chembu is found growing wild. No grocery store or super market will ever sell this--because it is seen everywhere.

Chembu is basically the Taro tuber root of a plant. The leaves of this plant are huge and the British called it elephant ears. ( By the way at sea, we call black Yokohama fenders elephant balls ).

Women from Kerala eat this as a staple food dug out fresh from the backyard. The food is prepared with Turmeric , Chillies and Tamarind-- all fresh.

Chembu contains natural PROGESTERONE. It also catalyses the human body's production of Progesterone

The Pharma industry of the planet is controlled by Zionists , who want to patent everything. The GM foods are all with the veted interest of patenting the seeds. Who knows very soon they will patent air , water and fire.
The Pharma industry will cry " What this captains says is all bull, Progesterone cannot be taken in from a food in a natural form "
Oh yeah? 

Ever heard of Ayurveda, devised by seer Maharishis?

Advise-- dont ever try to patent Chembu like what you tried with Turmeric.
Turmeric ( Circumin ) which also increases the body's production of Progesterone has been used by Indians for more than 11000 years. 
Menopause happens due to low levels of estrogen and progesterone and can cause symptoms such as irregular periods, mood swings, hot flashes, vaginal dryness, memory loss and difficulty concentrating, insomnia and fatigue and frequent urination.
The city woman knows what I mean.

PMS, is caused by high estrogen to low progesterone ratio. Cure is simple-- change the ratio. Reduce estrogen and increase progesterone

By the way--I get scared when I board a Air India or Indian Airlines flight--the mummyJI airhostesses are all hormone imbalance party , due to stress and pesticide sprayed estrogen rich aircraft food diet. 


They are all in the PMS groove of obesity, water retention, headaches, mood swings, cramping and depression.


Excessive estrogens and stagnation of blood circulation are the major cause of most women's problems . The glands and organs of the female system are nutrient dependent. Whenever a critical elements are in short supply, hormone production is slowed and homeostasis, the body’s sense of balance and wellness, is disturbed.

Liver which has estrogen receptors is supposed to removes estrogens. When excessive estrogens become trapped in the uterus and ovary due to stagnation, they overstimulate cell division. This lead to fibroids and cysts.


Let me get back to Turmeric.


The active ingredient in turmeric is curcumin. Using a high-tech instrument termed solid-state NMR spectroscopy, the US scientists discovered that molecules of curcumin act like a biochemical disciplinarian. 

 

They insert themselves into cell membranes and make the membranes more stable and orderly  Turmieric has anti-oxidant properties and an anti-inflammatory effect.


The strong mixture of phytonutrients is present in turmeric works to combat free radicals and other toxins in the body. Curcumin destroys cancer cells .


It is anti-mutagenic due to its ability to inhibit topoisomerase enzymes that control the changes in DNA structure. Curcumin’s chelating properties enable it to assist the body in the removal of bioaccumulated toxic metals from the brain and other tissues.


It binds to the metal ions and allowing them to be safely excreted in the urine. It is a natural liver detoxifier . It can prevent osteoporosis. PMS affected middle aged women feeling the pain and depression of excessive bleeding during periods , must remember that turmeric in food does magic.


All those who believe that females whose insides are screwed up royally like the picture above, need to be level headed - pl raise your hands!.  Kerala women do NOT have such insides as they consume ULUVA ( Methi seeds / Fenugreek ) in their diet.

WHAAAA no hands? ( read my post QUANTUM DRINK , COCONUT WATER- VADAKAYIL )
********************************************************************
AYURVEDA AND ACTIVATED COCONUT SHELL CHARCOAL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


AYURVEDA AND ACTIVATED COCONUT SHELL CARBON -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





About 12 years ago, while my ship was discharging chemicals at Amsterdam, I was called urgently down to the CCR. 

There I saw my Chief Engineer and 3rd Engineer in absolute distress-- with my Chief Engineer shouting at the top of his voice that he is gonna die.
I gleaned that both of them had just landed back on ship's gangway from a jaunt ashore, by taxi. The 2nd officer told me that they had eaten some cakes in a coffee shop, with Hindu gods pictures all over the place. 

I asked the 2nd mate to get some activated charcoal from the hospital , dissolved it in water and made both the "about to die" guys swallow it.

Then I made 2nd mate take them by taxi to the nearest hospital-  suggested by the agent.

When they got back after two hours, I got to know that by the time they reached the doctors room both had stabilised .

The Chief Engineer who was aggressively shouting all the way to hospital " EMERGENCY--I'm gonna die!!" had calmed down. 




And the 3rd Engineer had started giggling like a  school girl.


The doctor said both had consumed SPACE CAKES-- These were Tutti Fruity and Black Forest cakes laced with Cannabis , which is legal in Netherlands.

He was of the opinion that the activated charcoal , administered by the Captain , had done the trick and nothing needs to be done other then making sure that both these officers do NOT go for duty for another 12 hours.

Later I spoke to the doctor from the ship by phone and he was keen to know, how I knew that the best thing to do was to make them swallow the activated charcoal.

I told him " Doctor, I am from the land of Ayurveda--where this science is 7000 years old . Till the age of 15, I brushed my teeth every morning with activated charcoal.  And this is the universal medicine for the poor man ".

We then spoke for about 20 minutes , where I told him the various uses of activated charcoal, back home in India.

Some of which I will mention in this post.

Activated charcoal is jet black in colour-- odourless, tasteless and non-toxic.

The ancient Maharishis of Kerala had injected enough King Cobra venom to kill a huge elephant in a small dog with no harm done. Of course the venom was mixed with activated charcoal powder.


In 1813, a European chemist swallowed five grams of deadly arsenic trioxide mixed with activated coconut charcoal with no adverse effect.

Much later in 1831 , in front of his distinguished colleagues at the French Academy of Medicine, Professor Touery combined at lethal dose of strychnine with activated charcoal , such was his confidence in this porous carbon. It aDsorbs the poison , through the entire length of the stomach and small and large intestines (GI tract).

Activated charcoal keeps the poison from being aBsorbed from the stomach and intestines into the body. Because charcoal is not "digested," it stays inside the GI tract and eliminates the toxin when the person has a bowel movement.

Activated charcoal or carbon is one of the most important contributions of Ayurveda to this world.

Ayurveda which developed in Kerala, India , used coconut shell charcoal. This are more number of coconut trees here per acre of land than any where else on this planet.

The ancient Kerala Maharishis used to treat the Egyptian Pharoahs with activated coconut charcoal.

Almost all Hindu rituals involve breaking of a coconut, for the Quantum butterly effect.  This is like a bloodless sacrifice as the liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma which can be transfused into the human body.

After the coconut is broken , the remains cannot be eaten . This goes a part of the havanam or the holy ritual fire, where it burns very fiercely because of the inherent oil . The fire when doused with water at the end of the homam, is activated charcoal, and that too scalar enhanced.

Now let me briefly explain what this coconut breaking is all about.

While breaking the coconut the devotee must INTEND as per the vedic traditions. This is to tune our self to the quantum level energy matrix, and this energy is transferred to our DNA. We resonate in Zero Point Field —human intention can influence the universe.


Nikola Tesla was introduced to this ocean of energy --Akasha ( Ether ) by The Hindu great master Swami Vivekananda. He told Tesla that the "emptiness" of empty space is in fact not empty, but a great ocean of seething energy! This included the empty space within the atom in which electrons zoomed around.
The BrahmAn of the morphogenetic consciousness, is a form of EM energy, that focused thought (with intent) can achieve extraordinary things The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil.
DNA resonant couples with intention and consciousness. Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA.
Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether . The soliton is the quantum chaos sine wave that can achieves anti gravity.

Now let me get back to the subject of activated charcoal.

Activated charcoal is made from coconut shells, as I told before.

The best grades come from mature coconut shell which affords high percentage of fixed carbon, low volatile matter and ash.

The shells are super heated in an inert atmosphere and then suddenly oxidized with steam. The partly burned shells are then granulated to a size that provides for optimum aDsorption. This creates an amazingly beehive type porous molecular structure with a massive surface area for aDsorption. Just one table spoon of activated charcoal will have a surface area of the size of a massive cricket field.


Under a microscope activated charcoal looks like honeycomb with millions of tiny pores. These pores act like sponges, attracting, absorbing and trapping many toxins and impurities and giving activated charcoal its unique health properties.

The word aDsorb must be noted. When a material aDsorbs something, it attaches to it by chemical attraction or Van Der Val's forces. Van der Waals forces include attractions between atoms, molecules, and surfaces, as well as other intermolecular forces.


The huge surface area of activated charcoal gives it countless bonding sites. When certain chemicals pass next to the carbon surface, they attach to the surface and are trapped. Activated charcoal is a universal detoxifier and it works in harmony with the human body. It is not absorbed, adsorbed, neutralized, nor metabolized by the human body.It has an amazing ability to attract other substances to its surface and hold them there


Activated charcoal powder can adsorb thousands of times its own weight in gases, heavy metals, poisons, and other chemicals-it renders them ineffective and harmless.The finer the particle size of an activated carbon, the better the access to the surface area and the faster the rate of adsorption kinetics

Activated carbon is used in gas purification, decaffeination, gold purification, metal extraction, water purification, medicine, sewage treatment, air filters in gas masks and respirators, filters in compressed air and many other applications.


Chinese Admiral Zheng He who had come to Kerala with 31000 soldiers in 1406 , had written about the various ways the natives of Kerala used activated charcoal.


He did NOT dare to attack Kerala because he knew of the swift snake boats ,with warriors who would blacken their bodies with activated coconut charcoal, which prevented his Chinese sniffer dogs from giving early warnings.


If the dogs cannot smell through the charcoal,then the mosquitoes cannot too.


Activated charcoal powder is used in gas masks during wars to counteract poison gas. IT IS NOT OF MUCH USE AGAINST CARBON MONOXIDE AND INORGANIC GASES OF SODIUM, FLUORINE , LEAD, ARSENIC ,LITHIUM AND NITRATES.

Activated charcoal powder must be stored in a tightly sealed container, because it readily adsorbs impurities and moisture from the atmosphere.

To a person who has attempted suicide by swallowing poison, activated charcoal is often given after the stomach is pumped (gastric lavage). Gastric lavage is only effective immediately after swallowing a toxic substance (within about one-half hour) and does not have effects that reach beyond the stomach as activated charcoal does.

Activated charcoal eliminates fungi, viruses, and bacteria from the body. Activated charcoal can also adsorb gases, especially in the lower intestine, and thus help to relieve flatulence and gas pains. It also takes the smell out!

As it travels through our gastrointestinal tract absorbing toxins and impurities in its passage. This includes trapped intestinal gas and, importantly for preventing those deadly smelly farts, as it can absorb hydrogen sulphide (also known as rotten egg gas ).

Activated charcoal aids in the relief of the burning pain, nausea, vomiting, burping or belching associated with indigestion.

Orally administered, these fine black granules have an amazing ability to extract and neutralize many more times their own weight in gases, heavy metals, toxins, poisons and other chemicals.


Activated charcoal poses no threat to nutritional uptake. It is so negligible that it cannot compromise the health. It is safe for children and for pregnant women.

If you take too much or if your body rejects it, the whole thing will be vomitted out automatically. Just make sure you drink plenty water in case you vomit.

It is of NO use for making drunkards who have consumed excess alcohol sober.

Taking activated charcoal orally will naturally turn the stool black-- so don't bitch about black crap.


Other uses--

ADsorbs pathogens that produce or aggravate diarrhea.

ADsorbs uric acid thereby relieving the symptoms of gout

ADsorbs excessive stomach acid that contributes to peptic ulcers.

Treatment of various insect bites including ants, spiders, scorpions, wasps, bees, and hornets with activated charcoal poultices. Poultices can be used for abscesses. The human skin has an amazing ability to allow transfer of liquids, gases, and even micro-particles through its permeable membrane and pores ( reverse osmosis ) , by the application of a moist, activated charcoal poultice which actually draw bacteria and poisons through the skin and into the poultice . Activated charcoal compresses to speed the healing of wounds and eliminate their odors. But the activated charcoal poultices must be kept moist and warm for this healing process to occur.

Used in water purification, air purification, and for removing undesirable odors and impurities in food.

To disinfect and deodorize wounds. It adsorbs all the foul odours.

Natural treatment for piles,

To alleviate allergy headaches, minor arthritic symptoms, menstrual pains, painful urination, sore throat irritation, flu-like symptoms, cold sores and tooth abscesses


To lower the concentration of total lipids, cholesterol and triglycerides in the blood serum, liver, heart and brain.

To curb the growth of intestinal-based yeast infections

Relieves unpleasant symptoms of morning sickness during pregnancy, such as bloating, gas pains, nausea, and vomiting.

Powerful antidote in the first aid treatment of poisonous snake bites. A tourniquet is applied ,the fang spots punctured and a poultice is applied.

For dental caries, spongy bleeding gum, hot and cold feeling and bad odor from the mouth.

Due to antimicrobial properties, silver loaded activated carbon is used as an adsorbent for purification of domestic water.


Activated carbon filters can be used to filter vodka and whiskey of organic impurities which can affect color, taste, and odor.

Below is a 7000 year old Vedic chant-- Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
GREEN FLASH AT SUNSET AND PERCEPTION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
GREEN FLASH AT SUNSET AND PERCEPTION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I had gone to a European yard to take delivery of a Chemical tanker. 

Pretty soon everybody out there caught on , that the brown skinned Captain is more perceptive than all of them put together.

In fact they used to open out a compartment to me which all of them ( qualified people with high IQs and experience ) had inspected , split hairs and sanitised it for defects or deficiencies. 

And then they would be clean bowled when I just had a quick gander came out and made a exhaustive defect list.

( This was told to me by one of my fans in the yard.)

Initially all of them had a problem accepting this uncomfortable fact-- rather all of them were pissed off..  

Later they started enjoying it. ( Read my post THE NAIVE SAILOR , SHIP CONSTRUCTION- VADAKAYIL ) .

Then the question popped-- what was my secret?

Hard pressed , I told them "The secret is that I bathe my pineal gland with a green flash at sunset!"



All of them took it with a pinch of salt. 

But then this is what Surya Namaskar is all about.

Punch into Google search   SURYA NAMASKAR , THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION- VADAKAYIL. 

Of all my posts this is the runaway winner -- the most widely read.

 



The green flash is due to refraction of light in the atmosphere.  Light moves more slowly in the lower, denser air than in the thinner air above, so sunlight rays follow paths that curve slightly, in the same direction as the curvature of the Earth.
Higher frequency light (green/ blue) curves more than lower frequency light (red /orange), so green/ blue rays from the upper limb of the setting sun remain visible after the red rays are obstructed by the curvature of the earth.
Green flashes are enhanced by atmospheric inversions, which increase the density gradient in the atmosphere, and therefore increase refraction. 



A green flash is more likely to be seen in good visibility. We might expect to see a blue flash, but the blue is preferentially scattered out of our line of sight and remaining light ends up looking green.
 

Vedic Agnihotra rituals terminate before the green flash is over.  Timing is paramaount , as all cannot see the horizon.
********************************************************************
THE MOON IS NOT HOLLOW OR MAN MADE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE MOON IS NOT HOLLOW OR MAN MADE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This post is in response to one of my readers.


A great deal is being made nowadays of the moon being hollow and man made.


A lot of these people have read a solar eclipse incident on the 13th day of the Mahabharata war wrong. Since 7000 year old written Vedanta has proved itself right in this 21st century-- it has now become fashion to glean something from it and pretend that it is all your own idea.



During the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC, on the 13th day, Krishna ostensibly used the Solar eclipse to force Arjuna to kill Jayadratha who killed Arjuna's son, in the Chakravyuh maze. A lot of historians have dated the Mahabharata war based on this so called solar eclipse..



Lord Krishna is reputed to have placed the moon between the sun and the earth and caused a solar eclipse on the 13th day of the Mahabharata war , almost at the time of sunset at the Kurukshetra maidan.



The gods must have placed the moon exactly in the right place. Otherwise how is it that we see only one side of the moon, and also only the corona of the sun during the solar eclipse?



How is it possible that the sun is 108 times the earth's diameter , and the distance between earth and sun is 108 times the diameter of the sun? Why is the crescent moon shown as an ornament of Lord Shiva's head ?




What is the catch?


Lord Shiva is called Chandrashekara due to the crescent moon on his head. It represents raised consciousness.


In OM, the semi circle is open at the top, and does not touch the dot. This means that this highest state is not affected by maya. Maya only affects the manifested phenomenon.




The fact remains that the Indians were quite adept in predicting solar eclipses and all the stalwarts in the battlefield never expected one. The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC explains the solar eclipse well. Panchavimsa Brahmana speaks of four different stages of an eclipse. It describes beautifully the changing colours during the solar eclipse.



Arjuna had sworn to kill Jayadratha before sunset failing which he will commit suicide. The Kaurava army was successful in keeping Arjuna away from Jayadratha and sunset was nearing.



So Lord Krishna sent his Sudarshana Chakra which is a scalar interferometry based spinning discus, which created an severe inversion in the atmosphere.



The atmospheric refraction reversed ,and the sun suddenly dipped below the visible horizon causing absolute darkness. At this time there was a mighty cheer among the Kaurava ranks and Jayadratha peered out of his tent.


As per the rules of Dharma Yuddha it is NOT possible to kill an enemy after sunset. As soon as Krishna saw Jayadratha he commanded Arjuna to behead him with an arrow and immediately restored the atmospheric refraction the usual way. The sun suddenly came up above the visible horizon.


Above reverse rainbow --due to inversion.
This was NOT a solar eclipse. And hence a solar eclipse should NOT be used to date the Mahabharata war of 4000 BC. The modern HAARP plays around with the ionosphere and can make lenses out of it bypushing the layer out.




A solar eclipse occurs when the moon gets directly or nearly directly between the sun and Earth, and the moon's shadow falls on us. A solar eclipse can occur only during a new moon.



Islam did its part in mystifying the moon.



It so transpired that the people of Mecca asked Allah's Apostle Mohammed to show them a miracle. So he showed them the moon split in two halves between which they saw the Hira'h mountain. This "miracle" is recorded by Imam Abu-l-Husayn Muslim ibn al-Hajjaj (d. 261 Hijri), in Sahih al-Muslim Chapter 8, Book 39, Numbers 6724 to 6730. Under Number 6726, transmitted by the authority of 'Abdullah bin Mas'ud it is recorded " . The moon was cleaved in two during the lifetime of Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him). The mountain covered one of it's parts and one part of it was above the mountain and Allah's Messenger (may peace be upon him) said: Bear witness to this".



"Ibn Khatir has mentioned that the Miracle was seen in India by the King of Calicut ( my home town) in his book of history (Albedaya wa Alnehaya) part 3 (Volume 2) page 116."



They make a great deal of the King of Calicut Cheraman Perumal going to Mecca to see Mohammed. Indeed our records state that he went to Mecca .From Calicut to Salalah he went by his own ship and from there by camel caravan



His main mission was to check for himself that the black meteorite stone was uprooted from the Shiva temple owned by the King of Calicut ( which doubled as an accounts sales tax office too ). This stone is now set on the SE corner of the Kaaba , 5 feet above the ground .



The King died on the caravan journey back from Mecca to Salalah, where his ship was waiting. Some say he was killed after writing a letter giving permission to build a mosque in Calicut. Some say he died of remorse as he had converted to Islam. His dargah ( grave ) is at Salalah.

Whatever the truth may be , the second mosque of this planet was built in the Calicut King's cultural centre at Kodungallur , Kerala, India. This mosque is near a church built by Saint Thomas ( Jesus's disciple ) in 52 D.


Following an Apollo mission, photographs of the Rima Ariadaeus, a rift line across the surface of the moon, emerged. Some Muslims claimed that this line was evidence of the moon being split in half. According to NASA, "Experts agree that Rima Ariadaeus, about 300 km long, is a fault system similar to those on Earth




The Muslims get very excited about this rille.



The US Apollo crew had let siesmic equipment on the moon's surface. Every time a meteor strikes the moon, it rings like a bell. They left the equipment deliberately because when the Apollo crew in November 20, 1969 released the lunar module, after returning to the orbiter, the module impact with the Moon caused their seismic equipment to register a continuous reverberation like a bell for more than an hour. The same effect occurred with Apollo 13's third stage which caused the Moon to ring for over three hours.




A study of 382 kilos of rock samples brought back to earth reveal an age of 5.3 billion years, and that not only is the Moon older than the Earth, estimated to be about 4.6 billion years.



These rocks were found to contain elements , Titanium , Uranium 236 and Neptunium 237 not previously found in nature.



The finer regolith, the lunar soil of silicon dioxide glass, has a texture like snow and smell like spent gunpowder. The astronauts found it extremely difficult to drill into the surface of the moon below the loose dust layer



The Moon is in synchronous rotation: it rotates about its axis in about the same time it takes to orbit the Earth. This results in it nearly always keeping the same face turned towards the Earth.The Moon has an atmosphere so tenuous as to be nearly vacuum. If you were standing on the moon, the sky would always appear dark, even during the daytime, as the moon has no atmosphere. So a layer of dust — or a footprint — can sit undisturbed for centuries. And without an atmosphere, heat is not held near the planet, so temperatures vary wildly. The temperature on the Moon ranges from daytime highs of about 130°C to night time lows of about -110°C



Since sound waves travel through air, the moon is silent; there can be no sound transmission on the moon.


The moon's gravitational force is only 17% of the Earth's gravity. For example, a 100 pound (45 kg) person would weigh only 17 pounds (7.6 kg) on the Moon.



The surface of the moon is scarred by millions of (mostly circular) impact craters, caused by asteroids, comets, and meteorites. There is no atmosphere on the moon to help protect it from bombardment from potential impactors (most objects from space burn up in our atmosphere). Also, there is no erosion (wind or precipitation) and little geologic activity to wear away these craters, so they remain unchanged until another new impact changes it.

  

The moon was formed from the ejected material after the Earth collided with a Mars-sized object. This ejected material coalesced into the moon that went into orbit around the Earth. This catastrophic collision occurred about 60 million years after Earth itself formed (about 4.3 billion years ago). This is determined by the radioisotope dating of moon rocks .



The moon is rocky. It's pockmarked with craters formed by asteroid impacts millions of years ago. Because there is no weather, the craters have not eroded.



The tilt of Earth's axis is about 23.5 degrees, but the tilt of the moon's axis is only about 1.5 degrees. As such, the moon virtually has no seasons. This means that some areas are always lit by sunlight, and other places are perpetually draped in shadow. Liquid water cannot persist on the lunar surface. When exposed to solar radiation, water quickly decomposes through a process known as photodissociation and is lost to space



Unlike the Earth, however, the Moon's interior is no longer active. Curiously, the Moon's center of mass is offset from its geometric center by about 2 km in the direction toward the Earth. Also, the crust is thinner on the near side.With no atmosphere and no magnetic field, the Moon's surface is exposed directly to the solar wind. Over its 4 billion year lifetime many ions from the solar wind have become embedded in the Moon's regolith. The moon dust has nano particles which are electrostatically charged.



Nanoparticles behave according to the laws of quantum physics which is completely different from so called ‘normal’ physics’ laws.



The nanoparticles are formed inside bubbles of molten rocks when meteorites hit the lunar surface. Then they are released when the glass bubbles are pulverised by the consequent bombardment of meteorites on the moon's surface

  

Analysis of lunar seismic data have helped constrain the thickness of the crust at 45 km and mantle, as well as the core radius at 350 km. An object does not need to be hollow in order to resonate. People who understand resonant coupling and harmonics will know what I mean.




All solid objects with appropriate elasticity reverberate. The Moon affect the tides of Earth and the DNA of living organisms




If all of the Moon’s mass were concentrated within a thin surface, the material would be unimaginably dense. Asteroids that caused craters would have blown huge holes in the surface. You must remember that Aitken basin, 2,240 km in diameter and 13 km deep is the largest crater on the Moon. . There are estimated to be roughly 300,000 craters wider than 1 km on the Moon's near side alone. So there goes the argument for a hollow moon.


  

Planet Earth's rock structure when prompted by a gentle charge, also 'Rings like a bell.' Earth is not hollow-period!. 


Consider the numbers 0 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128. Multiply by 3 and add 4 we get 4 7 10 16 28 52 100 196 388. Now divide them by 10. Now these are the distance of 9 planets from the sun if the distance from the sun and the earth is taken as one unit.  1 = 93 million miles.




The 2008, the Indian Chandrayaan-1 spacecraft which dropped the Indian flag on the moon , was the first to confirm the existence of surface water ice, using the on-board Moon Mineralogy Mapper.


The spectrometer observed absorption lines common to hydroxyl, in reflected sunlight, providing evidence of large quantities of water ice, on the lunar surface.




The MIP which had the Indian flag painted on its sides a Sanskrit shloka as well. Closer to the surface, rockets were fired to slow down its speed and soften impact.




Unlike the Earth, however, the Moon's interior is no longer active.

By the way , Britain left India in 1947. After 800 years of slavery, and all wealth stolen by the Muslim and Christian invaders-- India has done well to bounce back in 6 decades flat.



Today our BRAHMOS hypersonic stealth missile has the potential to do Mach7- unparallelled by any other missile on this planet.


When India launched Agni 5 , and declared the range as a modest 6000 kms , so as NOT to upset the West-- it was China who first called our bluff. They said, BULLSHIT-- this missile can do much further distance.


We will soon have GAGAN our own GPS system which is much better than the other forms of GPS around the world.


The wheel has turned full circle. 800 years ago, India was No 1 country on this planet in terms of wealth and knowledge. 

Long period of slavery ( 800 years ) made us lose our DNA programming. People stole our knowledge and patented it in their own names. Ever wondered how maximum patents in Maths and Science were obtained by the White Christian invaders while they ruled over India?

We will take our rightful spot under the sun soon.
********************************************************************
HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



HELIOCENTRICITY VERSUS GEOCENTRICITY-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL..




This post is in response to a comment made by Eric Dubey in one of my posts.  He runs a fine truth exhuming blog site " The Atlantean Conspiracy".


In my post --punch into Google search-- KERALA, A BRIEF HISTROY OF PARADISE ON EARTH- VADAKAYIL, I had put in the Vedic concept propounded by Aryabhatta in 2700 BC .


There has been three Aryabhattas in Indian history.


In 4000 BC when the river Saraswati died up, the warrior saint Lord Parashurama ( an avatar of Vishnu) led his group of Namoodiri Brahmins to Kerala-- my home place.

The Bhattathiris are the creamy layer of the Namboodiris. They were good mathematicians and astronomers.

The name Aryabhatta is a corrupted name. The real name is Arya Bhattathiri. There are NO Bhattathiris else where in India-- pretty much the same way, there were NO John Smiths in Vedic India.

Aryabhatta of 2700 BC, from my hometown of Calicut was the first to propound the HELIOCENTRIC model of the cosmos, the Siderial day length, and that the earth rotates on its own axis, all the while moving in space -- in writing.



The same time the Vedic concept does NOT say that the sun is the EXACT centre , around which planets revolve in elliptical paths ( NOT round paths -- be abundantly clear about this ) . The centre of the solar system is slightly away from the centre of the sun. Aryabhatta had written that the moon reflects the light from the sun.

Copernicus stole from the Vedas. In any case Pythagoras studied in India, at the Kerala School of Mathematics at Arkonam, India , 2500 years ago, and he knew all this. Copernicus came 2000 years after Pythagoras. The Pope blinded Copernicus --divine retribution for patenting stolen knowledge. Phythagoras knew the Vedic concept of elliptical paths of planets.

The Vedic Maharishis knew this 9000 years ago . The Sri Yantra intersects at 54 points and this is the basis of the 54 alphabets of Sanskrit language--which in Yin-Yang format gives 108--the divine number.

This is why the Rudraksha rosary has 108 beads, as 108 is the numerical equivalent of the Hindu king mantra OM in sync with the Theory of Everything ( TOE ) represented by the divine geometry of Sri Yantra...

The sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth and the distance between earth and sun is 108 times the diameter of the sun. The elements on planet earth is 108 as per Dimitry Mendeleyeev's periodic table--who based his table on the Sanskrit alphabets.

The vedic seers were NOT dreamers--they did Spherical Trignometry and 3D Fractal geometry in their great minds. Modern Mathematics can never come near Vedic Mathematics, which calculates faster than modern day computers.

The ancient Indian wars used long range missiles and Vimanas and the Coriolis force is written in the Indian Vedas. You may be surprised to know that the Vedic iron age does NOT coincide with the Iron age sponsored by the Vatican, who loved to torture people.

The church had every reason to bless the Geocentric model--for they had NO idea of consciousness-- they have NO idea what it is even today.

The Catholic Church lifted the ban on heliocentism books in 1757 because the sadist Pope could no longer keep up with imprisoning, torturing, or killing the growing number of persons believing in heliocentrism. It wasn't until 1822 that heliocentrism books could be written in Rome-- vindicating what was written by Aryabhatta 4600 years earlier.
But for Nikola Tesla and Albert Einstein the world would have ignored Vedic science. Einstein just told what is written in the Vedas --that energy and matter is inter convertible.
Einsteins speed limit of the speed of light is NOT supported by the Vedas. The Vedic Vimanas and scalar interferometry missiles travelled faster than light.

The concept of heliocentricity and Coriolis forces are known to all navigators. We know about the jet streams, the hurricane vortex direction, the wind and ocean steams , the Rossby waves ( El Nino ) are all known to us.

The Germans took the Coriolis force knowledge from the Vedas ( stolen from India by German Jews Rothschilds ) and were able to effectively use long range guns. They bombarded Paris 130 kilometers away accurately with this knowledge. If not they German would have missed the mark by more than 1350 metres.


In the Northern hemisphere Coriolis force moves the projectile to the right and vice versa in the Southern hemisphere. All long range snipers are well-trained to compensate for the Coriolis effect by actually not aiming directly at their target, but off to the side so that by the time the bullet makes it to the target distance, it has "curved" to hit the target. Unless they want to aim at Harry and hit Paul.


If modern scientists did NOT know this a long range missile will fall in the wrong place starting World War 3. During Wold war 3, the first thing Russia and China will do is to blind NATO by taking out their GPS satellites-- so I suggest they do NOT forget the laws of Coriolis forces.

Only a idiot will believe that the sun revolves around the earth merely on the basis of visual sight. Suppose you are in a train and the train on the next track moves, you may get the feeling that your train is moving, and the really moving train is stationary. This is where you have to use your commonsense-- do you feel the acceleration? Don't try to translate this to the atmosphere as it moves along with the surface of the earth.

When you look out from a moving train's window the closer tress move past very fast. The mountain peak VERY far away hardly moves. You can now translate this to the stars--as some of them are so far away.

In this modern age of satellites and ICBMs , it would be unwise to stick to the geocentric model where mother earth is stuck in the mud. Commonsense states that the sun whose diameter is 108 times that of the earth cannot go round and round the earth. Our TINY solar system resides in the suburbs of the cosmos. The sun is just a minor star in the milky way galaxy. Because the earth rotates it bulges out at the equator.

All proponents of geocentricity should visit a museum which has a FAUCAULT'S pendulum. I have seen the one at the UN building at Manhattan New York.



Only at the Pole will the experiment truly reveal the rotation rate of the earth, ( the air resistance will also be less ) rotating one complete counterclockwise circle every twenty-four hours.



Relative to Earth, the plane of oscillation of a pendulum at the North Pole undergoes a full clockwise rotation during one day; a pendulum at the South Pole rotates counterclockwise.
 

When Earth moves toward a star, the star will appear slightly bluer (only high-tech instruments can measure this) while it will appear redder when Earth is on the other side of the orbit and moves in the opposite direction. This effect proves that Earth has a velocity relative to the stars, similar to aberration.

Space travel of probes has confirmed beyond any possible doubt the order of the planets and the fact that they all revolve around the central Sun. The mission of space probes depends upon highly advanced mathematical computations to fly past or land upon planets and moons in our Solar System. The order of the Solar System with the Sun in the middle cannot be denied with today's technology.


The Coriolis force is proportional to the rotation rate and the centrifugal force is proportional to its square. The Coriolis force acts in a direction perpendicular to the rotation axis and to the velocity of the body in the rotating frame and is proportional to the object's speed in the rotating frame. The centrifugal force acts outwards in the radial direction and is proportional to the distance of the body from the axis of the rotating frame.

As an Indian I find it very easy to support the Vedic knowledge--for in this age of Quantum physics 7000 year old Vedanta has proved to be accurate. Last year NASA and the Cern super-collider in Switzerland repeated the wisdom of the Vedas that things can move faster than light.

 

Let me list out a few more written Vedic timeless wisdom , MOST of which which has proved to be right after 7000 years.

All energy is a spiral vortex and it unites every branch of science. There is NOTHING in the real world called a stagnant circle-- which is the essence of evolution.
 
Empty space is NOT empty at all. The space between the ANU or atom, holds the power. World war 3 will be fought on this principle.
 
You god given 5 senses of narrow bandwidth ( to prevent mental breakdown) cannot observe the quantum world. There is a constant flow of energy in and out of the material world --called the cosmic dance of Shiva.
 
The mobius coils within the human body ( DNA ) can send longitudinal scalar waves and intelligent data through Akasha or a universal network of Ether. Scalar waves which do NOT lose energy over distance interact with the nuclues and NOT the electrons. Sanskrit Mantras are longitudinal scalar waves. All humans have access to the morphogenetic field of consciousness .
 
The solar system is like a tiny anu or atom.
 
Gravitation is NOT attraction--rather it is a push which orientates space time.
 
Invisibility can be causes by bending light around objects.
 
Human beings with raised Kundalini ( represented by a rearing Cobra on Shiva's neck) can do telepathy and ESP-- these scalar waves from the biological internet of DNA can time reverse cells , cannot be shielded by lead of Faraday's cages.
 
There is tremendous energy in air ( ether ) and water, if they can be harnessed. Nikola Tesla understood the ether ( akasha ) part .
 
The holographic nature of the cosmos and the human mind.
 
Use of OM mantra to do quantum tunneling--the Schumann resonance of 7.83 hz. The MMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body.  The lifted version AMEN does nothing!!. 
 
Breaking a coconut with intention, for the quantum butterfly soliton effect-- a bloodless sacrifice. That mind is over matter.
 
Channelling ether for levitation.
 
Tamas Rajas ( yin yang ) principle of the cosmos-- the idea of singularity.
 
The Sri Yantra geometry based on 1.618 golden ratio--lifted by Fibonacci after 9000 years.
 
Spinning heated mercury expanding / imploding vortex propulsion.

Never mind the spin doctors of the West-- In Hindu cosmology or in Vedic Cosmology the surface of the earth is represented as a sphere and not as a flat surface , "Cakracasah parinaham prthivya" It says "people who reside on the surface of earth globe circumference" [ 7000 year old --Rig veda 1.33.8] .


After 30000 years by oral route, the Vedas were penned down in 5000 BC—as the human DNA was getting degraded , pineal glands were becoming atrophied , memories and mental acuity were deteriorating.

Earth goes around the sun – Rg Veda 10. 22. 14. and Yajur Veda 3. 6.
Sun and whole universe are round – Yajur Veda 20. 23
Shape of Earth is like an Oblate Spheroid. (Rig VedaXXX. IV.V)
Moon is enlightened by the sun – Yajur Veda 18, 20.
‘Earth is flattened at the poles’ (Markandeya Purana 54.12)
Blue Sky is Nothing but scattered sunlight (Markandeya Purana 78.8)
There are many suns – Rg Veda 9. 114. 3. 
Seven colours in the sun – Atharva Veda 7. 107. 1. 
Electromagnetic field, conversion of mass and energy – Rg 10. 72. 
The gravitational effect of solar system makes the earth stable (R.V.1-103-2, 1-115-4 and 5-81-2).
The axle of the earth does not get rusted and the earth continues to revolve on its axle (R.V. 1-164-29)
The Sun never sets or rises and it is the earth, which rotates (Sama-Ved 121).
The gravitational effect of solar system makes the earth stable (R.V.1-103-2, 1-115-4 and 5-81-2).
Blue Sky is Nothing but scattered sunlight (Markandeya Purana 78.8)
The science of Time and its subtle nature is described in (R.V.1-92-12 and 1-95-8)
Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth. 
********************************************************************
WAS THE MOON LANDING A HOAX? - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
WAS THE MOON LANDING A HOAX? - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This post is in response to a request from Eric Dubey.

In my opinion the moon landing was NOT a hoax. 

Students with some foundations in Physics and laws of optics will find it very easy to digest what I say below.

It is one of the true episodes , after a series of hoaxes , engineered by the English speaking white man, influenced by criminal Jews --and this includes the reason for BOTH the world wars.

Unfortunately,when you cry wolf too often-- this is what happens.

 


We must give credit to NASA and the astronauts.

The muffs at NASA tried to improve the quality of the pictures for aesthetic impact and to cock a snook at the Russians , and this is where they screwed it up.

The biggest suspicion was because the utter lack of stars. 

Nasa BAFFLED with BULL--

 " all manned landing happened in lunar day time-- at dawn to be more precise. The stars were outshone by the sun.  The soil of moon has NANO particles ( which do NOT follow classical laws ) and this is what you get, though the soil was black "

THE TRUTH IS --

IN OUTER SPACE,   LIGHT IS NOT TRANSMITTED IN THE VISIBLE SPECTRUM.    IDIOT NEWTON NEVER UNDERSTOOD THIS . .

Visible Light can only be produced through diffraction..  



When  light leaves a star or the sun the emissions consist of pure electro magnetic radiation that is not diffracted or split by any scattering source.

You can look at the sun from high earth orbit and be blinded, but yet not see any visible light. 

On earth what diffracts the light spectrum into visible light is the ionosphere... There is no "blue sky" in space because there's no atmosphere to scatter the sun's light, so the stars and planets are visible all the time.  

You cannot see the sun in space.

Light cannot be seen unless it's bouncing off objects or particles.    If matter was theoretically cancelled out or hidden and you looked at a star in space with no matter in between-the light would be invisible to your eyes..





The shadows played tricks . The moon has no atmosphere. So far away hills appear closer, as the atmospheric laws don't work here.  The uneven heights of the ground make some shadows longer. They should NOT have used wide angle lenses. The suits of the astronauts reflected the sun's light, as if they were separate light sources.

 


A lot is made of the journey through the deadly Van Allen radiation belts.  You have to look at it in a relative manner-like a fire walker walking on hot glowing coals. The time of transit at 25000 miles an hour speed is hardly anything. The space craft was protected by aluminium and the trajectory was suitable for this exposure. In any case 94% of the surviving astronauts now suffer from cataract. 

 

When weapon manufacturers boast about bullets piercing steel armour--it is at RIGHT angles. When I was putting steel plates on my ship's bridge wings, my chief engineer who had handled AK47s  and the British guards told me that the thickness of the steel plates in NOT enough. I just told them off " On my ship-- this much is enough ".

 

Then the hoax criers said, the film in the cameras should have melted. When that is NOT the way the laws of thermodynamics works in vacuum. Here heat travels by radiation--and as long as your camera is coated and the film is NOT exposed to direct rays, there is NO problem. 

You guys must have seen Red Adiar using mirrored shields to protect themselves from oil rig fire heat. You just need to duck behind the mirror--there is NO need for a fire suit.

One moon day lasts as much as 15 earth days. before things got too hot the astronauts had vamoosed after collecting their rocks. Their space suits had cooling mechanisms.

 

Then a lot is made out of the US flag fluttering. Well you take out a folded and rolled flag, and put it on a reverse L shaped rod,  the initial movements of the fabric with NOT follow the laws of vacuum.

During APOLLO 15 mission astronaut David Scott dropped a feather and a hammer at the same time, to show that he is standing in vacuum.

Now regarding no footprint being laid by the space crafts massive leg-- or lack of dust on the craft feet . The surface moons dust was blown off by the rocket thruster. What is below is hard and tough. 

Elsewhere the boots of the astronauts left marks--and they should remain for centuries as there is NO wind or air there. 


That is why you can see so many craters. If the wind the surface would have been smooth.

The rocks brought back by USA was given to many nations. I myself saw a rock piece at Calicut, my hometown. We were taken by our school,and we stood in a line with gaping mouths. These rocks are were congruent with the Soviet rock samples, scooped off by unmanned crafts.

It is NO wonder that a furious Buzz Aldrin punched one of the hoax Bart Sibrel criers on his face. No charges were accepted by the court. 

 

Even a old lady will get very violent if some one breaks her car windscreen. 

It is about self righteousness.
********************************************************************
LORD GANESHA AND THE MILK DRINKING EPISODE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
LORD GANAPATI AND THE MILK DRINKING EPISODE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





On Sept 21st 1995, my ship was in the middle of the Pacific ocean. I went to the radio room to give a message to my Radio Officer. 

He was listening to BBC radio. He said that BBC has announced that the Indian Hindu god Lord Ganesha statues all over the planet has been drinking milk.  Their camera crews had taken videos as had several other major media groups. 


I made the Radio officer tune to other stations around the world and found that all were announcing this as breaking news. 


The reason they gave was some capillarity action, osmosis, surface tension type mysterious action. At the same time they said that if this was the case, it is indeed a mystery that statues of other gods of other religions or non-gods or people or structures were NOT drinking milk.

Statues of Ganesha whether it was of metal or stone of all sized were taking in milk--without spilling it on the ground, and the phenomenon stopped at noon.. 


The whole of India was in absolute pandemonium. The stock markets had ground to a halt and the government itself had shut down. For everybody in mass hysteria  had run to buy milk and feed it to the nearest Lord Ganesha statue. Fresh milk was exhausted in India. BBC reported that a milk store in England has sold an unprecedented 25,000 pints of milk. 
 

The Radio officer wanted to know if Lord Ganesha was an elephant. I told him "Ganesha has a elephant head and the body of an obese man . In India every Hindu will do a Ganapathi Homam ( fire ritual with Mantra chants ) when he moves into a new home -- rather even a rented house becomes a home only after this event. He is revered as the God who removes all obstacles ". 

My ship then went to Japan, and the young Japanese agent was hanging around after I finished my official business with him. He was a shy type,and he wanted to talk to me about some matter. So I made him comfortable with a beer. 

He told me that two years ago he was in India for 4 months. He lost his job and his material girl friend. He was deep in depression and was contemplating suicide, when his best friend to him to leave everything and take a flight to India. 


He landed up at Calcutta and got diarrhoea the very next day. He had his stock of tablets with him, as he was warned by his friend that it would happen. He exhausted his stock of Japanese anti-diarrhoea tablets and then he went to a local doctor. He was ok, within an hour and never got diarrhoea after that.
He then went into the Himalayan ashrams , and within a month he had found bliss. However he hung around for another three months exploring other holy spots at the source of the Ganges, including Mount Kailash.


 It was he who told me that many Japanese worship Lord Ganesha in secret, ever since Buddhism took over Japan. They keep these metal statues in yin-yang Kangiten ( man-woman embrace ) form dipped in oil at home. He said that there are more than 200 ancient Ganesha temples in Japan. 


The young worship Ganesha for finding true love and discriminative knowledge , while the old do it for success in business, as a god of good fortune.
Since Osaka city and Tokyo ( Futako Tamagawa ) was near, by he wanted to take me to a Ganesha temples there.  He was sure that in the royal Japanese palace Ganesha ( Daishoo Kangiten Vinayaka ) is worshipped at Ganesh Chaturthi, since time immemorial. 

I did NOT find this hard to believe as in 7000 BC, when Emperor Vikramaditya rules the South Eastern part of China, Ganesha was worshipped in Korea as well as Japan. Both in Ramayana ( 4300 BC )  and Mahabharata ( 4000 BC ) China is mentioned as Kosakara or land of silk worms. 


Above 4000 year old Ganesha was found in Afghanistan.

Lord Ganesha is mentioned in the Rig Veda (2.23.1) written in 5000 BC, as the Lord of Mantras and seer among seers.  

When I shifted to my new home , my wife got the Ganapathi Homam done. I remember staying overnight. The pujari came couple of hours before dawn and started his homam. Ganesha is also called Vighnesha, the lord who removes obstaccles.
 

The havanam was made in the drawing room with bricks and the house was full of smoke and smell of incense . If you sit on the ground by the fire, where there is an in draft  it is NOT so bad. 

I heard him saying the mantra:-- om shreem hreem kleem krowm gam ganapataye varavarada sarvajanam me vasamanaya svaha| 


Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83, 14, 20, 26, 33, 39 and 45 Hertz of earth.  7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM or Schumann frequency. 


Ohm- 7.83 Hz
Gam - 14 Hz
Hleem - 20 Hz
Hreem - 26 Hz
Kleem - 33 Hz
Krowm - 39 Hz
Sreem - 45 Hz
Clarified butter, dried cowdung and rice went into the fire, to purify the atmopshere and surcharge it with negative ions.


Ganesha is the son of Lord Shiva and his wife Parvati. As per lore Parvati removed anointed paste from here body during a bath, and gave it life. Then she showed off her handsome new baby to the other gods. Unfortunately, the god Shani (Saturn), who is said to have the evil eye, looked at him, causing the baby's head to be burned to ashes.


The god Vishnu came to the rescue and replaced the missing head with that of an elephant.



As per these puranas Lord Ganesha manifested in several avatars out of which eight are in different cosmic ages --Vakratunda, Ekadantha, Mahodara, Gajavaktra (Gajaanana), Lambodara,Vikata, Vighnaraja and Dhoomravarna. 

In all these incarnations Lord Ganesha was depicted as having an elephant trunk. In five out of eight incarnations Lord Ganesha is symbolized with Mouse as his vimana. In the other three incarnations he is said to have used Lion, Peacock, and Serpent vimana vahana. 


The Ganesha festival starts on Ganesh Chaturthi (fourth day of Hindu calendar month Bhadrapada) and ends on Anant Chaturdashi (fourteenth day of Bhadrapada). Maharashtra celebrates Ganesha Chaturthi/Ganapati Puja in the month of Bhadra/September, a popular festival with much fanfare along with popular games etc.
 

Ganapati Bapa in Maharashtra, chanted by thousand of devotees during immersions of the idols in unending processions in the rainy season, attracts hundreds of thousand of spectators. 

One day, Narad Muni gifted a mango to Shiva and Parvati. He said it is the fruit of wisdom and must not be cut. Murugan and Ganesha playing nearby wanted the fruit. Mother Parvathi tells them -” Whoever completes the Pradakshina of Universe in shortest time will get the fruit”. Before she completed her words, Lord Muruga took off on his peacock vimana .Ganesha just goes round his parents and claims the fruit. 
One day Ganesha as a child ate a lot of modaka ladoo sweets. His stomach full and then he decided to take a trip on his mouse . A snake frightened his mouse , and Ganesha was thrown off.


The moon laughed in sarcasm. Ganesha broke off one of his tusks and threw it at the moon, cleaving the face of the moon into two.  Well this happened several millenniums ago.


In India on Ganesh Chaturthi, Hindus avoid looking at the moon , the fake mutts  wrote ( no harm in looking at the moon ).  

The mouse must be read as a Vimana, the snake as a meteor.

 
 




Vakratunda Mahakaaya Kotisurya Samaprabha Nirvighnam Kuru Mey Deva Sarva Kaaryeshu Sarvada
 



The Ganesha statue at Elephanta caves ( 2000 BC ) is well known. 


Ganesha is an independent deity and has NO master over him.

In the video below Hein Braat , has excellent voice quality for Sanskrit mantras. But he must improve his Sanskrit diction, after which he can go places.  Sanskrit is the only digital language which emanated from divine DNA.
 

When milk is sucked up by guile using the vacuum of a hollow compressed rubber porky pig doll , and spills on the ground-- it is NOT a miracle-- it is science managed by a cheat ! Let him do the same thing with a granite or silver statue.

 

Ganesha was worshipped in South and Central America.including Mexico. Ancient temple ruins are proof-- and there are NO elephants in that area. These ancient temples have Hindu Vaasthu incorporated.  Ganesha can be seen at the temple of Diego Riviera in Mexico City. Several Ganesha statues 9000 years old, have been excavated at Mexico. I will post separate for South America.

There are Japanese who still worship Hindu gods.  They never converted to Buddhism, in the first place.

Lord Shiva, the destroyer-- whom we call Maheshwara, is called Makeishura by the Japanese
Lord Vishnu, the preserver--is called Bichuten ( Vishuten ). Lord Vishnu's vimana mount Garuda ( eagle ) is called Karura by the Japanese
Lord Brahma , the creator -- is called Bonten by the Japanese.

Lord Ganesha is a TANTRIC god.  I do hope you know what a potent statement this is. 

People want to learn tantra and instant magic to woo pretty women and impress their friends. It takes a lifetime of Sadhana to derive such potent powers and there is NO coming to consciousness without pain.

The British saw "the great Indian rope trick"  , among many other superhuman tantric feats and they know something is there .  So when Ganesha idols all over the world sucked up milk, scientists all over the world applied their minds. 

You can be initiated only by a Tantric Guru. There is NO crash course and Tantra for dummies.



He is the presiding diety of the LAW OF GRAVITY which scientists all over the world are still trying to find out what it is and from where it comes. 



The 4 petals of LA or root chakra ( Red colour ) are in the 4 cardinal directions and Mooladhara hangs out pointing downwards. The 4 petals are Ramesha-sustenance- food fuel / Mahi- stability-self preservation / Uma- renovation-sleep / Rati- attraction- sex .



Ganesh resides in the Muladhara chakra and there can be no Kundalini rising and expansion of consciousness without his express permission. Kundalini starts its ascent towards the head center after responding to the vibrations from the Pineal gland or 'light in the head.




When the birds migrate all the way from Siberia to India they do it with the help of Muladhara chakra.  They have an innate wisdom to know which way to move . 


Evolved humans like Maharshis with raised Kundalini ( cobra on shoulders ) have this magnetism within them.

The Hindu king mantra of OM or AUM, is represented by the curved form of Ganesha.  When you chant OM which is 7.83 hertz ( Schumann resonance ) -- you have invoked Ganesha. Christians have reduced this to Amen which does NOT work. Tantra is unknown to Christianity.



Everything from microcosm to macrocosm is held by tiny invisible strings of gravity.

Ganesha is a paradox. It requires a great deal of perception to understand this. He is so huge ,yet his vehicle is a mouse. 

He consumed mountains of modak laddus , yet he is an ascetic.



He is obese and out of shape with tiny legs, yet he is a master of dance.



Ganeshas KARMA ADHYAKSHA sets the wheel of Karma into motion. Since he is immortal, he knows every subtle thing of your mind and past Karma.

His large ears symbolise his capacity for patient hearing. He sucks up our ignorance, fears and egoism through his trunk.

If you want to see a picture of Aztec Ganesha –

Punch into Google search-

MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED  VADAKAYIL


All the foolish rationalists and environmentalists who have a problem with Ganesh Visarjan , and floating clay lamps in lakes, thinking this is superstition -

 punch into Google search-


VANISHING LAKES  RECHARGING GROUND WATER AQUIFERS  VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************
BEYOND THETA STATE TO TURIYA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BEYOND THETA STATE TO TURIYA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In the sixties thousands of young Hippies came to India, to seek Turiya--the DOT on top of the OM symbol, beyond illusion or Maya.



You cant understand Turiya unless you understand OM--the King Mantra of Sanatana Dharma.

The sign of OM is the sign of Hinduism. OM is the first and foremost of all mantras. Mantra is the sound body of consciousness. OM contains all the sounds in itself. Om is considered as the humming sound of this cosmic energy OM surcharges the innermost being of man with vibrations of the highest reality.
The earth vibrates at 7.83 Hz and so does OM. The primordial vibrations of atoms and molecules is thus represented by OM. Chanting OM produces a sonorous vibration like the buzz of a mighty transformer.
The vibrations produce scalar waves which calms the mind. It produces an anti gravity effect on water, due to the science of cymatics , and your body is mostly water.


OM opens up quantum tunneling, where the wormholes do NOT have a restriction of speed of light. 


Vedic rishis arrived at this tone more than 11000 years ago, (which we can calculate mathematically) , "simply" through intuition and meditation while identifying themselves with Cosmic resonance.
If you make the sound "Om" in front of a drop of liquid, it will transform itself into a Sri Yantra which is very specific visual form which is symmetrical and also holographic, in that every bit of it contains all of it.
OM has been downgraded by Christianity to AMEN.  

Islam has downgraded it to the number 786-- which is what you see in a mirror, when the OM Hindu symbol is shown.

The below crop circle came in England in the seventies --several miles long and several miles wide -- No Englishman will do this ..



When you meditate your brain goes from Beta 25 Hz to Alpha 12 Hz and then to Theta 7 Hz.  Theta brain state is at the border between the conscious and subconscious world.  


Theta brain frequencies are between 3 Hz to 7 Hz.  .


Theta brain waves are associated with " subconscious mind " --while delta is connected with " unconscious mind.


Your brain goes into the delta range of 1 to 3 Hz range during deep non REM dreamless sleep.  


During REM ( rapid movement of eyes ) sleep exchange of information takes place between the left lobe and right lobe of the brain. In 9 hours of sleep there will be 6 such cycles. During REM sleep, the heart rate increases, oxygen consumption is high, and neural firing is as active as it is during a period of wakefulness . The brains capacity to store information is disrupted when no REM sleep is experienced.
 

TURIYA means “consciousness minus thinking” . It represents consciousness free from material influence or supreme consciousness . In Turiya there is the absolute awareness . It is the experience of ultimate reality and truth.  
In Turiya, the self does not think, feel, or do, but rather observes thought, emotion, and action capable of truly understanding the totality of the universe. Turiya has no limits and no endpoint. It is infinitely transcendent, which means its potential is forever expanding.  


You are now a unique individual and you are a vital part of a larger universal life force that transcends everything on earth..
Reality and truth become more clearly defined, allowing you to perceive that which lies above, below, and beyond the human experience.
This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity this highest state is not affected by Maya The Waker, The Dreamer, The Deep Sleeper and The Observer


Turiya is freedom from the limitation of the other states . You experience detachment and joy .  Turiya Consciousness  is the ultimate goal of spirituality for here you know what freedom is all about.  
The dot, point, or bindu of OM symbol represents the fourth state, the absolute consciousness, which encompasses, permeates, and is the other three—this is Turiya. (Silence after A, U, and M of OM Mantra)  .

Piercing the bindu finally allows one to attain the highest experience, and this comes after following the process of Kundalini Awakening.  Turiya is regarded as synonymous with videhamukti, liberation without a body. .


A saint is a very ordinary guy.. A sage is the extraordinary being. A sage does not dream, because he has no polarity. He’s just a witness.
When you become a witness in your life, life becomes absolutely simple. . You cannot call it waking, because this witness never sleeps; you cannot call it dreaming, because for this witness no dream ever appears; you cannot call it sleep, because this witness never sleeps. It is eternal awareness, this is Nirvana or enlightenment

OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.

Four stages: consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.


Finally, the semi-circle symbolizes Maya and separates the dot from the other three curves. It is the illusion of Maya that prevents us from the realization of this highest state of bliss. The semi-circle is open at the top and does not touch the dot. This means that this highest state is not affected by Maya. Maya only affects the manifested phenomenon.  
In Turiya thoughts subside and one becomes increasingly more awake; the mind settles down and consciousness itself becomes primary. Mediators describe this as pure consciousness or unbounded awareness. One sees the entire world and all things within it as part of oneself, and oneself part of all.

 Turiya  is a state of transcendence, the result of arduous meditation.  There can be no consciousness without passage through intense pain. The Upanishads equates this experience with enlightenment.

We ordinary people lack contact with our fourth state of consciousness, and so we fail to live up to our potential as human beings.


Turiya is the totality of everything, and the headwaters from which all consciousness flow. It is said in the Mandukya Upanishad. It is “unseen, transcendent, the sole essence of the consciousness of self, the completion of the world.”
Yogis attempt to fully realize the state of Turiya through practice, engaging in sound resonance, breathing exercises, and body forms. Turiya yoga emphasizes a complete freedom, rejecting force and power, and instead embracing the ideal of a universal harmony.
Turiya is the Reality eternal, beyond all phenomena. Turiya is Satchidananda —Existence, Consciousness, and Delight.
It is here, that a highly advanced seer or a spiritual Grand Master can actually hear the soundless sound, ‘ AUM ’, the supreme secret of the Creator .
In Turiya there is total mental clarity, and complete inner peace one recognizes the Self in every shining atom of existence The fourth state (turiya) corresponds closely to theta state of brain function.
Turiya is beyond Samadhi. Samadhi is sleepless sleep.
It is not considered a state in Vedic  Indian texts, rather it is an absence of states (dualistic or otherwise), and in Turiya; the practitioner is able to transcend into advaitya-- Into universal oneness.


The ancient Vedic Maharishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit .
The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth. Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas without any understanding and patent it in their names.
They had the choice to utilize the leisure either to conquer the pleasures outer world or the painful passage to the inner. 


With their mental gifts, they had turned their mental energies to the conquest of the inner world rather than of the world of matter and life at the sensate level.


In the 7000 year old Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great ancient Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma of men who became brokers of Gods or Gods themselves , burnings at the stake, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.
These Indian sages were not satisfied with their intellectual speculations. They discovered that the universe remained a mystery and the mystery only deepened with the advance of such knowledge, and one of the important components of that deepening mystery is the mystery of man and consciousness. The Upanishads became aware of this truth, which modern science now emphasizes.


The purpose of the Vedas was to ensure the true welfare of all beings, worldly as well as spiritually. Before such a synthesis could be achieved, there was a need to penetrate the inner worlds to its depth. This is what the Upanishads did with precision and gave us the science of the self, which helps man leave behind the body, the senses, the ego and all other non-self elements, which are perishable.
The Upanishads tell us the great saga of this discovery — of the divine in the heart of man. Upanishads in an attempt to unravel the mystery of the human mind and of consciousness.


Upanishads, the Brihadaranyaka ( 1.3.28 ) says: This was my school morning assembly prayer--a 7000 year old, lofty  Sanskrit chant.


ॐ असतो मा सद्गमय ।
तमसो मा ज्योतिर्गमय ।
मृत्योर्मा अमृतं गमय ।
ॐ शान्तिः शान्तिः शान्तिः ॥

Om Asato Maa Sad-Gamaya |
Tamaso Maa Jyotir-Gamaya |
Mrtyor-Maa Amrtam Gamaya |
Om Shaantih Shaantih Shaantih ||

"From the unreal lead me to the real!
From darkness lead me to light!
From death lead me to immortality!"

The ancient Maharshis understood the staggering scale of the human mind.

"As flowing rivers disappear into the sea, losing their name and form, thus a wise man, freed from name and form, goes to the divine person who is beyond all." - Mundaka Upanishad iii 2.


"The Upanishads contain such godlike fullness of wisdom on all things that I feel the authors must have looked with calm remembrance back through a thousand passionate lives, full of feverish strife for and with shadows, ere they could have written with such certainty of things which the soul feels to be sure."--A. E. George Russell -Poet, mystic.


Listen to the buzz of a million mighty transformers-- the sound body of Consciousness , in the video below.

 





The MMMM humming of OM king mantra of Hinduism, boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body. This was known to Indians 7000 years ago and documented.
********************************************************************
FENUGREEK, A WOMAN'S BEST FRIEND- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
METHI SEEDS, A MAN'S BEST FRIEND-- QUANTUM MEDICINE ULUVA-  GOD'S OWN MEDICINE FROM GOD'S  OWN COUNTRY -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





A decade ago, I was the only Indian on my Chemical tanker, in addition to the cook. The rest were all Europeans. 


The cook was a Goan, and thinking that being a South Indian I must have a Sambhar as a compulsory dish, he served it for lunch.  



My South Korean Chief Engineer tasted it and he liked it.  So I told him " This will put more lead into your pencil, as it contains Uluva or Methi seeds . No Indian curry is complete without it " .



Pretty soon, Sambhar had to be made daily-- and all would gorge on it, making the cook go into a tizzy--for he was using instant ready made sambar powder.


In Malayalam we call it Uluva. Methi seeds or Fenugreek is an essential ingredient in sambhar. 


Fenugreek is the universal healer as per Ayurveda , first introduced to this planet by Charaka in 4200 BC.  This quantum spice treats and prevents almost every ailment. 



There is a saying--if a food is bitter and bad tasting it is good for health. While is a food is very tasty it is bad for health. Methi seeds is very bitter in its original form. 


It was introduced to Egypt by the Kerala Maharishis to PREVENT the PMS syndrome of the women folk. . The Arabs took it to their deserts for the lactating mothers and to ease child birth. The Christian invaders took it all around the world. 


For the past one week I have been consuming Uluva kheer. My wife makes a kheer with coconut milk and jaggery. The Uluva seeds are soaked overnight. The sweet kheer has a slight bitter taste to it, which make it absolutely delightful. My reason was to kill my weight increase. 


Why did I say it is a woman's best friend?  Have you ever seen an Indian woman who consumes Fenugreek in her diet, having "fried eggs for tits" ? 


I hope my wife does NOT see this T shirt--for she will surely kick mE ass.



In India our women fold do NOT need UGLY YECH silicon implants and padded bras. Fenugreek does the job. This is why we do NOT allow the young girls to consume too much of this- lest they have gargantuan elephant boobs. 


If I list down the benefits of Ayurveda , all of you will go into a greater tizzy that my European officers--who consumed it for lead in the pencil. 


Here they are -- all this was written down 6000 years ago, in Malayalam and Sanskrit texts by seer Maharishis with 12 strand DNA. 


Today in Kerala,  Methi seeds come from Rajasthan--can you believe that? 





 1) To minimise the agony of PMS, for women who had NOT consumed it to prevent it. It balances her hormones on auto-pilot. Relieves menstrual cramps and regulates menopausal symptoms.


2) After delivering both my children my wife consumed it, to fast forward healing of  her insides and to eliminate toxins via lymph nodes. The volume of milk for the newborn increases more than three fold within 48 hours, difficult to believe, right?


3)To reduce bad cholesterol.


4)For lowering blood sugar level and treating type 1 and 2 diabetes. It improves Glucose metabolism


5)For treating heartburn and acid reflux after a binge of overeating rich foods.


6)To induce natural child birth and to ease child birth and to avoid Cesarean.  Indian women have natural childbirth.


7)To prevent painful arthritis. The leaves of Fenugreek as a soup is equally effective.


8)To improve digestion and metabolism for weight watchers like your truly. It has lot of soluble fibre. Reduces fatty tissues. I plan to wear all mE old jeans.

9)To relieve flatulence.




10)To prevent falling hair and baldness. People use it as a poultice on the head. Women grow beautiful hair. My wife has lustrous hair coming almost to her knees when I married her. Kerala Ayurvedic hair oils have uluva oil in it. Women use it as a hair conditioner , mixed with curd.


11)Prevents liver damage.

12)Anti-microbial ,anti-parasitic and anti-inflammatory.



13)To prevent ulcer as it contains lot of slippery mucilage, which coats the stomach and intestine. reduces risk of colon cancer.

14) Strong anti-oxidant which can prevent cancer and fortify the immune system.


15) Purifies blood.

16)Prevents heart attack as it thins blood and prevents abnormal clotting.

17)Prevents respiratory problems like bronchitis, sore throats, pneumonia, common colds ( that is why in Kerala people take it in monsoons ) , asthma, sinusitis, rhinitis, laryngitis, tuberculosis etc. Expectorant for lungs. Such is the super anti-oxidant action.

18)Natural treatment for kidney , prevent kidney stones and gall bladder problems.

19)Pimples, wrinkles, dryness of face

20) Can induce sweat and get rid of BO and even MO.

21) Relieve diarrhoea.


22)Anti Alzheimer disease due to Choline, and hence anti aging too. I suggest you punch into Google search CHOLINE, to get a drift of what I mean. I would say that "QUANTUM" Choline is the ONLY cure for Alzheimer's. Ever wondered why Indians rarely have Alzheimer's? You don't get quantum Choline in potatoes or eggs. The ancient Maharishis has sharp brains till the age of 160.

23)Home remedy for ordinary fever.

24)Edema and swollen feet. Cant get your shoes on, right?


25)Poultice for abscesses , cysts and boils and gout. For hernia and testicular pains. 

26) Natural diuretic.

In my opinion a natural remedy for migraine. Don't blame me if this does NOT work-- Uluva is so strong that it can induce a migraine.



I do hope the people of India will NOT allow Zionist multi-nationals like MONSANTO to genetically modify Methi seeds and make this QUANTUM MEDICINE  extinct.



The modern doctors will support Monsanto. After all they need their condominiums, yachts and Bugattis , right? 

No modern doctor will be happy that I have posted such an article on the Internet. 


Well what do they know?


I am repeating AGAIN  what I wrote in my earlier post on gooseberry.

Bottomline: Recently I saw a UK university filter-spamming dozens of website posts which had written about the " CHILLING EFFECTS " of Indian Gooseberry-- using the Google complaint box, for Patent infringement. 

To these self righteous ignoramuses I have to say this " Before your country came out from under the quarternary ice age -- in India , we knew the anti-pyretic properties of Amla. In Kerala they used to apply Nellikka podi along wih hair oil to prevent sunstroke. Charaka Samhita has it in writing in Sanskrit-- as does ancient 6000 year old Ayurvedic texts in Malayalam from the days of Parashurama. 

Here is a vedic chant ( Adi Shankaracharya 2000 BC )- grace and peace!!


 


SHAREERAM SUROOPAM THATHA VAA KALATRAM,

YASASCHARU CHITRAM DHANAM MERU TULYAM,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........1



KALATRAM DHANAM PUTRA POUTRAADI SARVAM,

GRUHAM BHAANDAVAA SARVA METTADHI JAATAM,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........2



SHADANGAADHI VEDO MUKHE SHASTRA VIDHYAA,

KAVITVA AADHI GADHYAM, SUPADHYAM KAROTI,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........3



VIDHESESHU MAANYAHA, SWADHESESHU DHANYAHA,

SADHAACHAARA VRUTTESHU MATTO NA CHA ANYAHA,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........4



KSHAMAA MANDALE BHUPA BHUPAALA BRINDIHI,

SADA SEVITAM YASYA PAADAARAVINDAM,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........5



YASHO ME GATTAM DHIKSHU DHAANA PRATAAPAATH

JAGADVASTU SARVAM KARE YATPRASAADAATH

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........6



NA BHOGE, NA YOGHE, NA VAA VAAJIRAAJAA,

NA KAANTAA MUKHE NAIVA VITTESHU CHITTAM,

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........7



ARANYE NA VAA SVASYA GEHE NA KAARYE

NA DEHE MANO VARTATE ME TVANARGYE

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,

TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM, TATAH KIM..........8



Phalasruti:

GURORASHTAKAM YAH PATETU PUNYADEHEE

YATIR BHUPATIR BHRAHMACHAARI CHA GEHI

LABHED VAANCITAARTHAM PADAM BRAHMA SANJNAM

MANASCHE NA LAGNAM GURO RANGHRI PADME,
********************************************************************
EDAKKAL CAVES, PHANTOM ROCK, MEENMUTTY WATERFALLS OF WAYANAD KERALA -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
EDAKKAL CAVES, PHANTOM ROCK, MEENMUTTY WATERFALLS OF WAYANAD KERALA --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I have invested in two cottages ( with swimming pool ) and a piece of land at Meenangadi, Wayanad, 90 kilometers from Calicut.

This place is 2700 feet above sea level and hence will always be 5 degrees cooler than Calicut. The beauty of nature , the wild flora and fauna cannot be described in words.

Here is the Google Earth map.



It is very close to Edakkal caves of 12000 BC, in which Neolithic ( sic!)  art can be seen. The cave art shows the wheeled cart, and also an ancient script which looks like ancient Malayalam.




The British have post dated it to 4000 BC, considering that the big bang happened in Bible only in 4004 BC, and the fact that they have screwed it up royally by writing everywhere that the wheel was invented after 4000 BC, in Central Europe and Mesopotamia.

Well what do they know about the wheel?



So Max Muller , Macaulay and party have given a cock and bull story that these caves were created by arrows ( missiles ) from Lav and Kush- the sons of Lord Sri Rama of Ramayan war of 4300 BC.

Check out the picture below. Freemasons and the illuminati will be VERY surprised to see their pet mystic symbol ( top RH corner ) and the 9 feathers , present in the US dollar bill -- lifted from here.








Easy, don't get excited. 

The human form with the head dress belongs to King Mahabali of Kerala, who made the Gods so jealous that Lord Vishnu sent his avatar Vamana ( the Brahmin midget ) to take him out. 

The Aztec king Atahualpa wore the same 9 feather Asura king head dress.  Peru or Patala flourished after the Asura master architect and astronomer Maya Danava ( who wrote Surya Siddhanta ) ran away to Patala.




The Onam festival of Kerala ( which even Christians and Muslims celebrate ) is to reminisce good times during the benevolent reign Asura king Mahabali of Kerala. 



We in Kerala do NOT celebrate Diwali--which celebrates the removal of the beloved King Mahabali.




 


Nearby is Phantom rock looking like the Sphinx. 




There is a huge granite rock here which emits Orgone. It is a good place to meditate with abundant negative ions.






Nearby is the enormous Karapuzha fresh water lake formed by a dam.The water is pure.




 


A bit further away is Meenmutty falls, a 3 tiered waterfall--the second biggest waterfalls of Kerala. 



In the monsoons this 300 metre high waterfall is amazing.

 

The Soochipara waterfalls is also nearby.

 

The drive to Meenangadi from Calicut via the mountains ghat with hairpin bends , is a sight for the sore eyes. Now you get the drift why National Geographic calls Kerala , the most beautiful place on this planet, right?

 

As per our records, Lord Rama's brother Lakshman cut of Ravana's sister Surpaneka's nose at Edakkal caves. She was a very beautiful girl , the grand daughter of Maharishi Pulastya ( sapta rishi fame ) and NOT a ugly demon . The root cause of Ramayan war is due to this incident. Noting that King Ravana was not eager to take revenge ( for she had misbehaved with Sita, after having a crush on handsome Rama) , she took of her bangles and told him to wear it in front of all in his court.  

Cutting off the nose ( Naak katna ) in Indian culture is known to all.  It does NOT mean her nose was actually cut off .

 

About 1.5 hours drive from here is Thirunelli temple and Papanashini river ( actually a stream now ). After the Ramayana war , Lord Rama has taken a dip here to pray for the souls of all the thousands who died in battle. Rama also did the pitru karma for his father King Dasharatha here.

This place as holy as Banares of Ganges river . Lord Brahma himself has installed the idol of Vishnu here. As such it is one of the oldest idols of this planet. 



Lord Parashurama the patron warrior saint of Kerala , performed the last rites of his father Sage Jamadagni at Thirunelli. He took a dip at Papanashini river, which has its source at Brahmagiri hills and later meets the Kalindi river ( tributary of river Kabani ) before it flows to the sea as river Kaveri..





Rajiv Gandhi's ashes were immersed here in 1991. 

My own father's ashes were immersed here. People in Kerala go to Thirunelli  to do Bali for their dead anscestors.



When Brahma was consecrating Vishnu’s idol,  Garuda (the vimana of Vishnu) reached over the sky, above the installation venue with the Amrit Kumbha (pot of nectar). During Garuda’s circling over, a drop of Amrit fell on the stream, which provided purifying power to the water in the stream. After that incident the stream came to be called Papanasini. Vishnu's footstep is seen on a rock.



Below script at Edakkal caves is one in the eye for all those who have their own ideas about who wrote which language first -- and from where.





Bishop Robert Caldwell (1814–1891) was an Christian Evangelist missionary and linguist, who came to India to poison Hindusim, by translating and printing books in Tamil. He got into a deal with Tamilian Iyers for plum administrative posts in the British Raj.



For poisoning the Hindu texts , in return he established Tamil as the oldest language—which gave an ego massage to Tamils. What do the Tamils think?  Malayalam , Kannada and Telugu are tape worms in the stomach of Tamil?  By what yard stich do that call Tamil a superior language?

Bishop Robert Caldwell  academically established the Dravidian family of languages in a false immoral manner .  He served as Assistant Bishop of Tirunelveli from 1877.   Poisoning Hinduism  made atheists and British stooges like EVR Periyar happy.   



The Government of Tamil Nadu honoured his 'historic contribution to Tamil'  with a memorial and issued a stamp in his name.  On the Madras Marina, a statue of  Caldwell was erected . Every patriotic Indian must know what this white Christain man did to divide Hindus.  For 50 long years Caldwell worked tirelessly to give stimulus to the radicalisation of the Non-Brahmin movement .

 The Hindu Tamils should stop attending "World Tamil Conference" -they are dragged into them by the Indian Tamil Christians. The myth is sustained that but for the White Christian missionary efforts, Tamil would have been a dead language is wrong.

The invaders introduced printing in Tamil language only to churn out bibles in Tamil. Some of the padres were professional printers and  linguists in religious garb. To convert they need the Bible in local language. The ancient Tamil heritage is so glorious. They have forgotten all that, as all the old palm leaf manuscripts have been burnt by the missionaries.

The Italian priest Robert de Nobili (1577-1656). d called himself a ‘Roman Brahmin’. Let me list out a few 3 in 1 missionaries—padre/ printer/ proselytisers. Italian missionary, Constantine Joseph Beschi (1680-1746), who called himself Veeramaamunivar (Veer-Maha-Munivar),  German missionary Barthalomaus Ziegenbalg (1683-1719) who called himself Ziegenbalg Iyer,  Englishman G.U. Pope (1820-1907) who called himself “Pope Iyer.”, Scotsman Robert Caldwell (1814-1891) who along with his wife Elissa Mault did massive conversions by offering sops, Portuguese missionary John De Britto etc etc.

The Madras Catholic Diocese, has been on a amazing campaign that, “Thiruvalluvar was a disciple of St. Thomas and that Thirukkural have been lifted  from the teachings of St. Thomas—nonsense.  How could people like Karunanidhi allow this if they have some pride in Tamil heritage , culture and prideOKIE FROM MUSKOGEE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OKIE FROM MUSKOGEE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


 

THIS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST COUNTRY SONGS EVER WRITTEN AND SUNG.

It is a tongue in cheek song about a town in Oklahama.

ENJOY!

  







We don't smoke marijuana in Muskogee;
We don't take our trips on LSD
We don't burn our draft cards down on Main Street;
Coz we like livin' right, and bein' free.


We don't make a party out of lovin';
But we like holdin' hands and pitchin' woo;
We don't let our hair grow long and shaggy,
Like the hippies out in San Francisco do


I'm proud to be an Okie from Muskogee,
A place where even squares can have a ball
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse,
And white lightnin's still the biggest thrill of all


Cowboy boots are still in style for manly footwear;
Beads and Roman sandals won't be seen.
Football's still the roughest thing on campus,
And the kids here still respect the college dean.



I'm proud to be an Okie from Muskogee,
A place where even squares can have a ball
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse,
And white lightnin's still the biggest thrill of all.


In Muskogee, Oklahoma, USA.




Okie from Muskogee is an album by Merle Haggard and the Strangers, released in 1969. 

The album won the Academy of Country Music award for Album of the Year in 1969. Haggard also won Single of the Year for "Okie from Muskogee" as well as Top Male Vocalist

In the 1930s in California, the term Okie was used in contempt, to refer to very poor immigrants from Oklahoma . 

The "Okie" migration of the 1930s brought in over a million new displaced people; many headed to the farms in California's Central valley . The core group of Okies were descendants of Scotch Irish .

The term "Okie" was used to disparage these poor, white, migrant workers and their families. The term became well-known nationwide by John Steinbeck's novel The Grapes of Wrath.

Will Rogers, a famous movie star with Oklahoma roots remarked jokingly that the Okies moving from Oklahoma to California increased the average intelligence of both states.
  
Written by Haggard and Roy Edward Burris (drummer for Haggard's backing band, The Strangers) during the height of the Vietnam War, "Okie from Muskogee" grew from the two trading one-liners about small-town life, where conservative values were the norm and outsiders with ideals contrary to those ways were unwelcome.
Here, the singer reflects on how proud he is to hail from Middle America, where its residents were patriotic, and didn't smoke marijuana, take LSD, wear beads and sandals, burn draft cards or challenge authority.  A self-confessed 'square,' is confused by such changes and with a chuckle comes to the conclusion that he and his ilk have the right sort of life for themselves. 
By November 15, it reached No. 1 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart, where it remained for four weeks. 1970The song is played in the background in Platoon. The song is referenced in the movies An Officer and a Gentleman
The Vietnam protests were an inspiration on this song - Haggard was protesting the protesters. Haggard was imprisoned several times in his younger days for various crimes.
During a 2010 interview with The Boot, he explained: "When I was in prison, I knew what it was like to have freedom taken away. Freedom is everything. During Vietnam, there were all kinds of protests. These soldiers were giving up their freedom and lives to make sure others could stay free. I wrote the song to support those soldiers."

President Nixon wanted Johnny Cash to sing this song in White House and he refused.

Say again-- US soldiers fighting in Vietnam to keep America free?



Punch into google search THE GULF OF TONKIN LIE- VADAKAYIL



Pope Pius XII, Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli (2 March 1876 – 9 October 1958),  was directly responsible for the American war in Vietnam. He used opium drug trade money power to put a Vatican puppet and staunch Roman Catholic president Ngo Dinh Diem, as president of Vietnam in 1955.


His brief was to persecute the Buddhists and convert them to Christianity. Diem was instructed to give death penalty to communists in 1956 .  In the war America supported the Catholic south . The result was 50000 American soldier causalities and 2 million Vietnamese exterminated--and the greatest rape of this planet by Agent Orange-- ordered by JFK.


Pope Pius XII along with John Foster Dulles ( secretary of state for President Eisenhower ) -- both committed anti-communists , were responsible for the start of the COLD WAR and so much human misery..


Pius XII was very much worried that the Chinese Christians would set up a separate Chinese church ( like the Serb Orthodox church ), which did NOT care for the Pope, and would warn all and sundry about this, often .
********************************************************************
OKIE FROM MUSKOGEE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OKIE FROM MUSKOGEE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


 

THIS IS ONE OF THE GREATEST COUNTRY SONGS EVER WRITTEN AND SUNG.

It is a tongue in cheek song about a town in Oklahama.

ENJOY!

  







We don't smoke marijuana in Muskogee;
We don't take our trips on LSD
We don't burn our draft cards down on Main Street;
Coz we like livin' right, and bein' free.


We don't make a party out of lovin';
But we like holdin' hands and pitchin' woo;
We don't let our hair grow long and shaggy,
Like the hippies out in San Francisco do


I'm proud to be an Okie from Muskogee,
A place where even squares can have a ball
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse,
And white lightnin's still the biggest thrill of all


Cowboy boots are still in style for manly footwear;
Beads and Roman sandals won't be seen.
Football's still the roughest thing on campus,
And the kids here still respect the college dean.



I'm proud to be an Okie from Muskogee,
A place where even squares can have a ball
We still wave Old Glory down at the courthouse,
And white lightnin's still the biggest thrill of all.


In Muskogee, Oklahoma, USA.




Okie from Muskogee is an album by Merle Haggard and the Strangers, released in 1969. 

The album won the Academy of Country Music award for Album of the Year in 1969. Haggard also won Single of the Year for "Okie from Muskogee" as well as Top Male Vocalist

In the 1930s in California, the term Okie was used in contempt, to refer to very poor immigrants from Oklahoma . 

The "Okie" migration of the 1930s brought in over a million new displaced people; many headed to the farms in California's Central valley . The core group of Okies were descendants of Scotch Irish .

The term "Okie" was used to disparage these poor, white, migrant workers and their families. The term became well-known nationwide by John Steinbeck's novel The Grapes of Wrath.

Will Rogers, a famous movie star with Oklahoma roots remarked jokingly that the Okies moving from Oklahoma to California increased the average intelligence of both states.
  
Written by Haggard and Roy Edward Burris (drummer for Haggard's backing band, The Strangers) during the height of the Vietnam War, "Okie from Muskogee" grew from the two trading one-liners about small-town life, where conservative values were the norm and outsiders with ideals contrary to those ways were unwelcome.
Here, the singer reflects on how proud he is to hail from Middle America, where its residents were patriotic, and didn't smoke marijuana, take LSD, wear beads and sandals, burn draft cards or challenge authority.  A self-confessed 'square,' is confused by such changes and with a chuckle comes to the conclusion that he and his ilk have the right sort of life for themselves. 
By November 15, it reached No. 1 on the Billboard magazine Hot Country Singles chart, where it remained for four weeks. 1970The song is played in the background in Platoon. The song is referenced in the movies An Officer and a Gentleman
The Vietnam protests were an inspiration on this song - Haggard was protesting the protesters. Haggard was imprisoned several times in his younger days for various crimes.
During a 2010 interview with The Boot, he explained: "When I was in prison, I knew what it was like to have freedom taken away. Freedom is everything. During Vietnam, there were all kinds of protests. These soldiers were giving up their freedom and lives to make sure others could stay free. I wrote the song to support those soldiers."

President Nixon wanted Johnny Cash to sing this song in White House and he refused.

Say again-- US soldiers fighting in Vietnam to keep America free?



Punch into google search THE GULF OF TONKIN LIE- VADAKAYIL



Pope Pius XII, Eugenio Maria Giuseppe Giovanni Pacelli (2 March 1876 – 9 October 1958),  was directly responsible for the American war in Vietnam. He used opium drug trade money power to put a Vatican puppet and staunch Roman Catholic president Ngo Dinh Diem, as president of Vietnam in 1955.


His brief was to persecute the Buddhists and convert them to Christianity. Diem was instructed to give death penalty to communists in 1956 .  In the war America supported the Catholic south . The result was 50000 American soldier causalities and 2 million Vietnamese exterminated--and the greatest rape of this planet by Agent Orange-- ordered by JFK.


Pope Pius XII along with John Foster Dulles ( secretary of state for President Eisenhower ) -- both committed anti-communists , were responsible for the start of the COLD WAR and so much human misery..


Pius XII was very much worried that the Chinese Christians would set up a separate Chinese church ( like the Serb Orthodox church ), which did NOT care for the Pope, and would warn all and sundry about this, often .
********************************************************************
EQUATOR CROSSING CEREMONY AT SEA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
EQUATOR CROSSING CEREMONY ON SHIP-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

A decade ago, a middle aged Captain walked into my cabin to relieve me, so that I could go on leave.

He said " Sir, Do you recognise me?  You gave me my Equator crossing ceremony certificate when I was a Cadet on your ship, 3 decades ago!"

And then he opened out his brief case and proudly showed it to me. He had given it pride of place in his cerificate folder.

Yes it was something which I made myself , with my signature affixed on it.

Indeed-- how time flies!!

Then he said " Sir, the company had banned the ceremony due to some hazing excesses, on some other ship , but you declared that it brings ill luck , if a sailor is NOT baptised at the equator and went ahead with the ceremony"

For the uninitiated-- the ceremony converts a landlubber to a sea dog. 

This ceremony is as ancient as seafaring itself.  In the fighting navy even Admirals , who have NOT crossed the equator, are NOT spared.

These ceremonies have to be taken in the right spirit. 

Of course no physical harm must come to anybody. Just some minor indignities and embarrassment , all in good cheer. On passenger ships, this is part of nostalgia you take home with you.

On my ship, I am King Neptune's executioner--just to make sure nobody is demeaned or humiliated. It is a thin invisible line, which I make sure is NOT crossed.

Usually one of the senior officers ( say Chief Engineer ) with be dressed up as King Neptune, with a royal Trident sceptre , a flowing beard and a crown. 

At sea, King Neptune rules the waves. 

This ceremony is a symbol of the sailor's respect for him. All on board except the essential watchkeepers witness the ceremony--almost like a wedding.

The "landlubber" has to drink King Neptunes toast--which could be a mixture of various edible liquids , including sea water, beer, coffee, Tabasco chilly sauce, raw eggs etc. After drinking one cup of this concoction he is supposed to ask for more , like how Oliver twist asked Mr.Bumble for more gruel.

He is dunked into the ship's swimming pool after a nice haircut and annointed by some cosmetics ( paint ). Raw eggs are broken on his head for shampoo.

King Neptune , after he is satisfied with the initiation ceremony, now formally baptises the "land lubber" into a "sea dog " by poking him with his trident.

Then we have sport competitions like running, tug of war, sack race , wheel barrow race etc--with handsome cash prizes.

At night there will be a grand party.At sea, the equator is calm and there are not too many ships around. 

The new "sea dogs" are given the Equator crossing ceremony passing certificates by the Captain. 

You can recognise these souls in a jiffy, because their heads will be clean shaven. Or their hair will look as if rats have been at it.

This ceremony makes a man out of you. 

Here is a sample certificate--

#########################################################

EQUATOR CROSSING CERTIFICATE

BE IT KNOWN TO ALL SEAFARERS THE WORLD OVER,  ON THIS 8TH DAY OF MARCH 2011 AT 0945LT,  BY THE STRANGE CALENDAR OF THE MORTALS—


DENIZENS OF  PLANET EARTH HAVE BY VARIOUS DEVIOUS MEANS LEFT THE POLLUTED AND CORRUPT LANDMASSES TO SEEK SOLACE IN MY TRANQUIL  DOMAIN.

                                                     WHEREAS

           RAHUL KUMAR

          THE THIRD OFFICER OF MT.FAIRCHEM COLT 

HAVING MADE HIS ACQUISCENCE , MUSTERED  IN A CONTRITE MANNER BEFORE ME , AND SUBMITTED TO THE USUAL SOLEMN CEREMONIES AS PER THE ANCIENT ORDER OF THE DEEP,  IS NOW CONSIDERED AS PURIFIED , ANNOINTED  AND BAPTISED ACCORDING TO THE TIMELESS AND AGE OLD TRADITIONS OF MY COURT.


LO AND BEHOLD ALL YE UNDER PAIN AT THE END OF MY TRIDENT, THIS INVERTIBLE PIECE OF FLOTSAM IS NO LONGER A  LANDLUBBER , AND IS AT LIBERTY TO ROAM AT WILL IN MY DOMAIN WITHOUT FEAR OF BEING SCUTTLED OR JETTISONED.

I  hereby  grant  this  letter  of  indemnity 


             
 CAPT VADAKAYIL -EXECUTIONER                                                
On behalf of   NEPTUNE/ EMPEROR OF OCEANA

##########################################################

This is what the certificate looks like.



The GPS showing Latitude ZERO




Passengers on cruise liners take home memories.



The ceremony in progress


We love 'em mermaids


My wife doing the cross-country race


King Neptune aint satisfied with the hair-cut.



We set off from New York to Aruba to Buenos Aires. Below is my wife and two sons at the riveira of Aruba.


My younger son getting annointed. He is now 17 years old.



Fancy dress at the night party. I put a pillow on my tummy to be a fat buck toothed Arab sheikh. You can see a Roman soldier, a Japanese geisha , a Tahiti bikini gal--



Landlubbers , chained to the railings, awaiting their turn for the initiation ceremony.



Herbs being rubbed in. The axe is on my belt.



My elder son was spiderman at the fancy dress party. He has a portable spider web with him.



Yours truly, is in green shorts , above.



My younger son dressed as a pirate at the fancy dress -- Papa's boots are too big?



Three more rounds, to go-- already he is pooped.( my elder son )



 A tug of war between deck and engine departments.





There was a mighty HUSHHH when my wife took the first prize for the high kick- she beat 25 young sailors--and she did NOT even jump. She had given pass for the heats and gave only the final kick , in the finals. 

Now you get the drift why I say often " Hope my wife does not kick mE ass!"
********************************************************************
REIKI AND WEIGHT MANAGEMENT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
REIKI AND WEIGHT MANAGEMENT-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This is in response to one of my readers Anand Kumar who wanted me to write on weight management. 


When I told my wife that I will write a piece on Reiki for losing weight, she told me NOT do do so.


Probably she felt that losing weight must never be made easy. You have too many rich fat asses around ,who want to eat like pigs, but refuse to burn the calories by doing some form of exercise. 


You cant waste Reiki on such pigs. 



But thenI throught over it and figured out, that there are so many fat people on this planet who have moved heart and soul to lose weight, but are unable to do so. Techically if the k-calorie INPUT ( eating ) is lesser than OUTPUT ( exercise ) you shouldlose weight. But for some people this does NOT hold good for various reasons. 



So this post is a silver lining for those unfortunate people.


My wife is a grand master of Reiki with lineage certificate from Japanese healer, Dr. Mikao Usui who re-invented Reiki in 1890. I am a first degree Reiki healer myself, but I have never practised the art. 



My wife knows when the energy from her hands is being absorbed by the patient half way accross the globe. My son who is a computer engineer is USA never takes medicines. I can hear him calling my wife on Skype in case he has a problem. Reiki scalar waves travel faster than light, and cannot be shielded.

I have written a separate post which you can read by punching into Google search REIKI- VADAKAYIL.



Jesus Christ was in Kerala , India for 3 years learning Reiki and Chakra dowsing from the Maharishis, before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem , along with Mary Magdelene.  To any modern Reiki master I will say this." If you do NOT know about the 7 human chakras ( energy vortex ) , written in Vedas 7000 years ago, you are just fooling yourself and your patients".



The ancient Kerala Maharshis were experts in distant Reiki. They did NOT need to touch the patient . They had wider senses that you and me , and their eyes were literally Kirlean cameras, which could see human auras. If a diseased man or even a criminal came in front of them, they could easily spot them in a crowd. If you told a lie, they could see this in your aura. The could time reverse their own body cells, and most of them lived for 2 centuries.




Punch into Google search CHAKRA VORTEX, SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCIEVER- VADAKAYIL, to learn about this. Believe me when I tell you that this is NOT pseudo science, propagated by chalatans . 


Modern science has just woken up to Vedanta. Quantum physicists got a shock when they found out that all their discoveries were written in Hindu Vedas 7000 years ago-- and there is NO contesting that. This was NOT dreaming, as ancient Maharishis had fractal minds. Vedic Mathematics even now is faster than modern computers.




Now let me get back to weight loss, --I will expound Reiki and human auras a bit further later.


A lot of these morbidly obese people have chakra blocks. They have unstable appetites and unhealthy cravings, even with a full stomach. They just have to raid the refrigerator at night, knowing fully well that they are doing something wrong. And after the binge they feel terrible. of course they will promise themselves that they will hit the threadmill first thing in the morning. Sadly it will NOT take place and they will have lot of excuses for this--like drug addicts.


Some people have NO idea that certain foods are oil are NOT suitable for them, with respect to weight loss. They are just ignorant about calories and fibre in the diet. 




There are some, whose own body goes to the protection mode , by putting on a barrier with fat cells against some perceived threat. This arises due to hormonal imbalance ( chakra ) , mainly because of guilt, poor self esteem, sexual issues, phobias, excess emotional baggage or stress. This is why you find poor under nourished people working their butts off , will also be fat. And this fat will be at all the wrong places.


Reiki helps you to make the correct healthy choices. You will now climb up the stairs , instead of taking the lift. You will find it very easy to say NO to a high calorie cake, as your unhealthy cravings are dissolved. 



It will help you to stick to your fitness regime and increase the time period , till it becomes a habit after 3 weeks . During these these 3 weeks of foundation setting , you can seek the help of Reiki. This concreting your will power thing, will work. More importantly Reiki can handle the additional stress during this period of CHANGE for the better. 




Reiki will do the inner healing, and give you the determination, to remove negativity , self sabotaging behavior and so setting a positive frame of mind. It is the catalyst--and NOT a substitute for healthy eating and physical exercise. 



For sick people ( or people with knee / back pain ) who cannot do any meaningful exercise, and thus risk a stroke , non invasive Reiki will figure out the way to check the weight gain, by correcting the chakra imbalances, which will improve enzyme and hormonal secretions and hence help better metabolism.. 



You will sleep better at night with a positive energy flow. This thing of eating to feel happier is derailed. At a young age this is all right with ice-creams and chocolates ,as your young body can metablise everything. The feeling of "It is just too hard to lose all this flab", is all in the mind. Reiki takes care of this feeling.



Reiki has its own intelligence and makes no mistakes. The healer is just a CHANNEL. he has NO divine powers. This energy does NOT belong to the healer. Joy replaces fear. With a better mental frame, the body resistance goes up . Mind you reiki is absolutely NOT a placebo effect or even hypnosis .The energy taken in can be felt as heat or tingling.  



There are auro photographing Kirlian cameras to convince the moronic sceptics. The patient does NOT even have to believe in it. What has been written in the Vedas about human aura and chakras have been proved right by the Kirlian camera, invented by a Russian.



The good thing about Reiki is that it addresses the root problem with the chakras,and the energy body. It heals the mind and body through the chakras which create the egg shaped aura or bio-plasmic energy shell around you.  Some people cry when their bottle up feelings are released. .After this session they respect their own bodies. Reiki is NOT received through the conscious mind. Universal Reiki scalar energy knows how to do time management and prioritise . It will seek out hidden problems , which even you are NOT aware of.  Reiki needs NO diagnosis. 



With Kirlean photography most of the sceptics of Vedanta have become believers.  A clean aura means a healthy body. This aura is created and nourished by the seven clockwise chakras VIBGYOR. Chakra means energy vortex.  The dowsing quartz pendulam knows the condition of the chakras.


There are seven main energy vortices in the vicinity of their endocrine counterparts along the spine: mooladhara (the root chakra), svadhisthana (sexual chakra), manipura (solar-plexus chakra), anahata (heart chakra), vishudha (throat chakra), ajna (third-eye chakra) and, sahasrara (crown chakra). Their colour varies from violet at the crown chakra to red at the root chakra, just as in a rainbow. 




Each chakra has a different number of vortices (shown as petals of a flower in the 7000 year old Vedic  texts), and from mooladhara to sahasrara their numbers are 4, 6, 10, 12, 16, 96 and 972 respectively. Chakras are closely linked to the endocrine, nervous and circulatory systems, but they do not belong to the physical body and cannot be seen with the naked eye.


  

Disease is NOT the result of CHEMICAL imbalances for which you have to take chemical tablets ( for temporary relief of symptoms ) , like what modern doctors think.  Human DNA is NOT protein technology. 

And imagine duffer Darwin did not even understand DNA, while 7000 year old Vedas talk about the mobius coil.  Stupid Newton could NOT imagine anything existed beyond the 5 human narrow bands of senses.




A true Reiki master , who follows the laws of the cosmos ,will never consider another guy as his competitor--like a selfish and greedy modern doctor. Reki has got absolutely nothing to dowith Hindu religion. Chakra is just a Sanskrit word. It is NOT a Hindu term.  





Some modern hospitals have quietly started using Reiki healers for post operativce care, during the re-adjustment process --all HUSH HUSH. For even a doctor knows that he does NOT heal. The human body which has a supreme force in its DNA cures itself.  Reiki takes care of past bad Karmas. It can never cause disharmony as it is a positive force. It will NOT give excess of energy--just the right amount.




Reiki is spread by word of mouth. No wonder my wife has told me not to write this post. Even you can be a Reiki channel. I have seen my pet cats snoring away to glory when my wife does Reiki on them.

Below video: SCALAR GENERATORS -- THIS PLANET IS NOT READY FOR IT YET --  NIKOLA TESLA WILL AGREE WITH ME.   Scalar field is created by the two electromagnetic fields meeting and cancelling each other out.   The ancient Maharishis used the mobius coils in their DNA.


See the King Mantra OM emanating from the hands of a healer.




Check out the video-- get wise!
 

The OM crop circle was one of the first to appear in UK in the sixties , when there was NO internet .  On 7th June 2007 ( 777 ) ,there was lot of speculation that some major crop circle would appear in UK. 
There are 7 chakras, there are 7 music notes, there are 7 layers of auras, there are 7 stages of consciousness ( 6th being Samadhi and 7th being Turiya ), there are 7 tongues of fire as per Mundaka Upanishads, there are 7 sapta rishis, there are 7 samudrams ( oceans ) as per 7000 year old Vedas, there are 7 shaktis of Tantra ( Brahma/ Vaishnavi/ Maheshwari/ Kaumari/ Varahi/ Aindri/ Chamundi ) etc . 
Sure enough there appeared a giant OM crop circle at East field, Wiltshire UK--and the whole day British military helicopers were in a tizzy.
********************************************************************
ASAFOETIDA , HING , KAYAM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

KAYAM, HING, ASAFOETIDA- QUANTUM MEDICINE-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




A few years ago, I had gone for delivery of a brand new stainless steel chemical tankers to Japan. This means , the Captain and Chief Engineer has to stay there for nearly a month.


Bland and insipid Japanese food can get on your nerves after some time.  For the sea-trails a superintendent was coming from Singapore. I told to go to Mohammed Mustafa Super market and get for us some pickles and papadum.


The hotel kitchen used to roast the Papadum for us--and the Norwegian Framo guy, after tasting the papadum and pickle asked me, why I was so eager to get this stuff. 


So I told him, that Indians have been consuming this stuff for 9000 years. It is NOT for taste alone, one of the BASIC ingredients was Kayam (in Malayalam), Hing ( in Sanskrit ) or Asafoetida ( in English ). 

In this post I will talk about Asafoetida.

When Mohammed the Prophet threw away the 360 Vedic idols ( pagan ) and uprooted the Shiva Lingam ( black meterorite stone ) from the Shiva temple at Mecca and installed it on the SE corner of Kaaba , 5 feet above the ground, the King of Calicut , my home town ,  Cheraman Perumal who owned the temple and the accounts office attached to it went to Mecca to see Mohammed. 



In Al Musthadrak , Hakim talks about the Calicut King sharing his ginger pickle with Mohammed and all his disciples.


Why the pickle, all the way from Calicut to Mecca?


Well the pickle has Kayam in it. It is an antidote for Opium. Sometimes Kings are given food laced with Opium , when they travel , by his enemies to extract largesse. 

The uses of Hing is expounded in our 6000 years old Ayurvedic texts. It can be eaten or even ingested by the skin. 


This reminds me of a true incident.

Off the North coat of Phillipines , my ship was caught in a Typhoon 24 years ago. The recession had just got over and there was an exodus of officers for better paying jobs. I ran my ship with a 58 year old Chief Officer , who came back to sea after 25 years, and two fresh cadets. Since my family was on board, I retained my sanity. I was responsible for 16 hours of navigating watches at sea, I could get sleep only during the Chief Officer's two watch of 8 hours. And that too if he did NOT call me for some doubt.

At around 5AM, I was woken up by some extra heavy rolling. I decided to check out the Navigating bridge. There I found it fully lit and deserted, and I saw my Chief Officer-- let us call him G-- sleeping on the sofa.



I removed my sandals and was about to thrash him with that, when the wheelhouse door suddenly burst open.

The Cadet shouted " Sir, please dont hit him, Chief Officer is unconscious due to shock !!"

G had lost his sea legs due to extended time ashore and had slipped due to the heavy rolling , slid rolled on the wheelhouse floor from port to stbd and vice versa , hit his ribs somewhere, and was in acute pain when the quarter master decided to get some ice from the messroom, and get the NWKO Cadet ( doing Medical officer's duties ) to attend to him. 


To cut a long story short, I got him hospitalised at the first port in Japan--and a new Chief Officer was transferred from some other company ship in Japan to my ship.. Since G was a chain smoker I had confiscated all his cigarettes and told the agent to make sure he does NOT smoke in hospital. Coughing does no good, when your ribs are broken.


When the ship was about to sail, I told the agent to drive me to the hospital, to check out how G was doing. I remember it was a fancy hospital with video camera on rails at the ceiling monitoring every inch of the room. The first thing I did was to check his pyjama pockets and there I found a Japanese cigarette packet. He told be he smoked in the toilet as he was under severe stress. And then he whispered into my ear that he wants to speak to me. So I told him " Go ahead G. Speak your mind!"


He kept stealing glances at my wife by my side. So I told her to wait outside the room. G though 58 years old was a bachelor ( and a virgin for good measure ) , never got a chance to marry as he had unmarried elder sisters, and by the time he got them married, it was too late for him. Only Indians are capable of being in this unique situation.


Then G told me a bizarre thing. He said the young Japanese nurses were playing SEX games with him every day. They would come in a big group, all giggling, then they would pounce on him, pull down his pyjamas,-- and I am sure that gave him a massive hard on. 



And I am sure G had a gigantic dong-- so all the Jap nurses ( in the land of tiny willies ) would land up, to be part of this effort..



That made them giggle even more and they would pin him down on the bed, spread his legs and his ass cheeks and put a finger into his anus , and the shove a sex toy inside and what not!.  He wanted out.  He was NOT willing to suffer anymore of S&M stuff.

Women and children below age of 18--you are NOT allowed to look at the elephant below.



I remember noting that all those nurses of this swank private hospital, were all young and good looking.



And then he showed me the so called sex toy. It was a white oversized suppository-- which G never dreamt in his wildest dreams , would be legitimate medicine-- for pain and inflammation.



And then I had to explain to him, this is normal, next time open your ass cheeks and point up your gaping asshole yourself, don’t make them gang rape you this way.. And that India was the first on the planet to have Hing suppositories for acute piles.



All right--now that I have got your undivided attention, let me get to the core subject of Asafoetida.


Recently when the H1N1 Avian flue, swine flue etc were sweeping the world, everybody wondered why it spared the 1200 million people of India. I would say, because we have certain spices in our diet which immunizes us-- one of which is Hing.



Imagine a South Indian's daily diet-- Rasam, Sambhar, Uppma, Pickles, Papad-- this is every day , every meal onslaught of Hing.  In India there are certain vegetarian sects like Jains and Vaishavites who do NOT consume Garlic and Ginger due to religious beliefs.  Mahavira made them take Hing , in lieu , since 3900 years ago.


In the episode of Samudra Manthan, Vishnu avatar Mohini was distributing the divine amrit to the gods , when 2 asuras Rahu and Ketu, gate crashed into the party and put it into their mouths. 




Immediately , before they could swallow it , Vishnu decapitated both with his scalar discus. Their blood fell on the ground and red onion and white garlic.



In Kerala we have Sarpa Kavus or Snake temples. Because nobody goes near them unnecessarily, the flora is intact. If any rare Ayurvedic herbs are required people go there with a piece on Hing in their pockets. This makes sure no snakes will come near them. 


In the olden days Kabuliwalla used to bring Pathani Hing from Afghanistan and Iran. This hing (resin)  which grows on the mountain tops is of very good quality and will dissolve in water into a milky liquid. Adulterated Hing sinks in water. Pure Hing burns when brought to a flame.


In India Hing is a perennial fennel that grows wild to about 3.5 metres high having yellow flowers, in large natural forests where little else grows. The plant requires good sunlight.  The yellow ochre Hing resin is extracted from the roots and the stem. 

 In raw form Hing is strong Garlic smelling , but when cooked the smell disappers into a flavour. 

Hing gives green colur when treated with 68% Nitric acid and red with Sulphuric acid.. 


.Let me list some of the uses of Hing:--


For flatulence and indigestion. Releases gas from the intestines, and is a gastro-intestinal tract cleanser. Reduces growth of mico flora in the gut. For de-worming. 


Laxative.  Anti spasmodic for stomach spasms. Administered as enema. For abdominal tumors, ulcers. 

For women with PMS, for painful and excessive menstruation.. Increases secretion of Progesterone hormone. 

Anti-viral and anti-oxidant. 

Lowers cholesterol. Anti-coagulant. Lowers blood pressure. 

Anti-inflammatory. 

Expectorant. Respiratory disorders.

To heal wounds. For lactating women after childbirth. 

Smelling anti-epileptic 

Smelling anti-hysteria 

Singers use it for sore throat. 

Dissolves foot corns ( anti-fungal ), ringworm  , abscesses --poultice 

Low libido ,impotence, premature ejaculation, nightfall. 


Diuretic 

Encourages sweating 

Food preservative. 

For tooth ache , dental caries ( like cloves ) 

To induce abortion. 

Genital infections and STD. 

Brain and liver tonic.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
CRYPTOS, DOUBLE AGENTS, FALSE FLAGS, DECEPTION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CRYPTO JEWS,  DOUBLE AGENTS,  FALSE FLAGS,  TROJAN HORSES, DECEPTION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



TIGHTEN YOUR SEAT BELTS-- THIS POST IS A SHOCKER!!  The communists in Kerala and Bengal should read this post.

For my foreign readers -- we in Kerala ( my home state ) and Bengal, elect communists to power, even today. Y esterday was a bandh ( total strike ) in Calicut my hometown, as the police arrested a communist leader for murder.  A minister was caught on tape telling " We communists , kill our political opponents " and then he went around giving juicy details about how they usually do it.  Even if the Kerala Communist workers know nothing of Marx and his theory--  and even if they do NOT know the meaning of the word BOURGEOISE, -- they all know how to pronounce it.

During the Iraq, Kuwait conflict, Al Jazeera represented the Muslim voice.




Today, this Qatar based English channel is a Zionist mouth piece--and hardly anybody noticed it till the Zionists screwed it up by giving this TV channel "The news channel of the year award"--beating BBC , Sky News etc.. The award is given by Zionist held and British based Royal Television society.


In their eagerness to hype up the Arab spring protests , the Zionist lowered their guard. In fact as soon as Al Jazeera did propaganda that Mohammed Gaddafi was caught hiding in a sewer pipe and cried " Dont shoot, dont shoot!" as soon as he was caught, everybody took notice, that Crypto Jew TV Channel  Al Jazeera now speaks for the Jews and is a False Flag media operation..



Qatar funded the destruction of Libya and now funding rebels in Syria. Since the Emir of Qatar snatched power from his father ( all stage managed by we all know who ) ,while he was vacationing at Switzerland, things are different in Al Jazeera.



Qatar is home to the largest American military base in the Middle East. Qatar is not an independent country. It is an American colony. Qatar houses the U.S. Central Command’s Forward Headquarters and the Combined Air Operations Center. (And it is a dictatorship, which allows flogging, stoning and NIL women's rights --yet alcohol is officially alllowed!! ).

The camp of resistance in the Middle East today consists of Iran, Syria and Hezbollah. By destroying Syria the Zionists and their allies hope to weaken the resistance and strengthen Israel. Syria is the link between Hezbollah and Iran. They figure if they destroy Syria they can cut off supplies to Hezbollah, isolate it, and eventually take it out. This will open up for a war against Iran. So the destruction of Syria is just the first step towards engaging Iran.

The “Free Syrian Army” is a hotchpotch mixture of sectarian fanatics, incited by the religious establishments of Saudi Arabia and Qatar, and well paid mercenaries controlled by Israel and Western powers. It is supplied with arms from abroad to destabilize Syria and prepare for a NATO intervention


The fall of Mubarak was a big setback for Israel and World Zionism at large. The uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt came as a surprises to them. When they realized they could not stop this wave of dissent, the so called “Arab Spring”, they decided to hijack it. The US and Israel and their allies are trying to use this energy, this new spirit of change, in their own interests. That is what we saw unfolding in Libya and now in Syria. That is imperialist power grabs in the garb of “popular uprisings”.
  

 Syria is an independent country. There is not a single American, military base in Syria. The imperialists want to take over Syria and they use the language of a popular revolution, but it is far from it. This is only a language of deception to fool people.


Additionally, the network's social media programme, The Stream, received the Innovative News Award for its in-depth analysis (sic!)of the struggle between government loyalists and opposition protesters in Bahrain. Zionist supporting ruler of Qatar and Bahrain do NOT see eye to eye any more.




The Al Jazeera network also received the Columbia Journalism Award - the award given annually by Columbia University - in recognition of its overall depth and quality of its coverage ( read as slanted in favour of Zionists) of the ongoing developments in the Middle East.


  

Everybody knows the support given to the Zionists to foment trouble in Syria , by the royal families of Saudi -Arabia and Qatar.




In the last decade people have understood the role played by crypto-jews Winston Churchill ( whose mother is Rothschilds ) , US president FD Roosevelt, and General Ike Eisenhower in hijacking the second world war to create the state of Israel for Jews , on behalf of Jews Rothschild and his US stooge Bernard Baruch.  



Punch into google search GENERAL EISENHOWERS' SECRET HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL


Jewish banker , Bernard Baruch was advisor to 5 US presidents, rather he chose them. In World War I he was Woodrow Wilson’s chief adviser on national defense and was appointed chairman of the War Industries Board (1918-1919), thus bringing the American war machine under the heel of Jewish financiers.


  

The Jewish AIPAC Lobby tells US congress what to do, today. AIPAC is more powerful than Republicans or Democrats. It’s the most powerful force in Washington. ….They literally own US Congress. If you own 435 Representatives and Senators you rule the world.




US congress gave 29 standing ovations to arrogant bully Benjamin Netanyahu when he spoke in Congress on May 24, 2011. It so so well orchestrated—some Jews would stand up and start clapping, and then the rest would follow like sheep. 


Pathetic!


Touting the usual Pro-Israel phrases ad nauseum, such as, “Our unbreakable commitment to Israel” or “Our shared values and deep ties” and certainly “A common commitment to democracy,” US senators make ridiculous nay, disgusting statements of obedience and ‘loyalty’…insuring for themselves continued campaign donations and perks from the Jewish AIPAC lobbyists and their malignant, malevolent engine of control and subjugation. – All March To Israel’s Drum

  
 --- “dangers of a nuclear-armed Iran who play a dangerous role in the region, supporting terrorist organizations like Hamas to exploit the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.” (applause!)

----“When we say that a nuclear-armed Iran is unacceptable, we mean it!” ( BRAVO—clap clap--more applause!)



The ridiculous claim that America must support Israel's fight against terrorism because Israel is defending Western civilization and America's interests is a giant and immoral lie.


The international community encourages Israeli lawlessness through silence or statements too weak-kneed to matter.


America's "till death do us part" relationship with Israel diminishes America's image as neutral, honest and fair.


America's psychological attachment to Israel has weakened America's political culture and American society as a whole.

UK, is no different.  Jew Sam Ofer scured for himself the "Knight of British Empire" merit.  Sailors who have worked in his shipping companies ,Zim,  Zodiac, Tanker Pacific etc know who this man is. He vacated his office in World Trade Centre a few days before the 9/11 incident. He is Rothschild's man in Israel.

America is a multicultural country; Israel is a racist state. that does not respect international law and international bodies. America respects all religions and faiths; Israel is a Jewish state that discriminates against Christians and Muslims.


The whole world knows that it is absurd for America to bully and attack Iran, which does not have any nuclear weapons, while it shields Israel, a nation that has more than 400  nuclear weapons and has stated that it will use them if push came to shove, even against European nations.
  

Israel's deep influence on the U.S. mainstream media through AIPAC the slanted coverage of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis by the unethical mainstream media, is so apparent. Israel has an army of spies and propagandists who spread lies in the world media and intimidate people from criticizing Israel's unjust policies. They think they can get away with disrespecting international law and the natural rights of the Palestinians because they have greater military power. For how long?

Within 25 years India will be more powerful than USA. Israeli leaders from the Georgia khazar area , make a mockery of the history of the Jewish people by exploiting their past trauma and their “6 million grief “ grief to justify their barbaric treatment of Palestinians. Israel is not a victim. It is an aggressive bully state that uses deception and terror to get what it wants  India is Israel's best friend after USA.



Zionist founder Theodore Herzl said Palestine is "our unforgettable historic homeland" and called for establishing it by dispossessing indigenous Palestinians and replacing them with Jews from the Khazar area.



Treat them like "dogs" so they'll leave, said Moshe Dayan. Ben-Gurion favored "terror, assassination, intimidation, land confiscation," and violence.


Now people are shocked to know 
that Karl Marx, Lenin, and Stalin 
were also crypto-Jews.  

Karl Marx was closely related by 

blood  to German Jew Rothschilds.
 

Karl Marx, the son of Hirschel and Henrietta Marx, was born in Trier, Germany, in 1818. Hirschel Marx was a lawyer and to escape anti-Semitism decided to be a crypto-jew


Rothschilds funded Karl Marx while he was writing his Communist ManifestoPope John Paul was Jewish on his mother's side of the family . French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who sent his planes to pound Libya , was a crypto-jew. Mohammad Gaddafi had given huge amounts of money to Sarkozy and he did NOT want  Gaddafi around spilling the beans. Sarkozy's merceneries had infiltrated the rebel groups to take Gaddafi out, as soon as he was captured alive.

Hillary Rodham Clinton, is also a crypto jew who keeps telling India to open out FDI in multi-brand retail.





Madeliene Albright was crying hoarse 3 days ago , that India has over sold her growth and must pay the price, or else open out our markets to the Rothschild Zionists for FDI in multi-brand retail.  

When she was US Secretary of State she met the North Korean leader Kim Jong II.  This woman later ridiculed his high heeled shoes and his hair style , in a immature manner on TV , unbecoming of a world statesman.  I cant imagine a Muslim Pakistani President making fun of a Indian Hindu Prime Minister or a Christian leader doing this -- no matter how deep the faith divide is or how bad the negotiations went -- she showed that she is indeed the quintessential Zionist Jew..



When I myself compared both of them in a single frame, it was my opinion, that Kim ( who was personally very kind to her ) looked better than this ugly woman looking like a sack of potatoes any day--, with her own high heels , black stockings to hide her blue varicose veins, and her messy coloured hair. She also made fun of the hundreds of young adorable Korean children who performed a mass act for her.  This "ugly from inside" woman says " Only a communist country could have made such young children perform so well" ( insinuating that that would have been starved and tortured by Kim, if they made mistakes ).


Ever wondered why Rothschild agencies S&P and Fitch are so much worried about Indians? Remember it is a crime punishable by jail or an IRS raid, to call a crypto-jew a jew.     


Our own YSR ( Christian Sonia Gandhi's pet ) was a crypto-Hindu, who used to worship at Tirupati , to get the Hindu vote.

Lenin’s Jewish roots was a state secret, but was finally revealed by declassified KGB files and put on display in Moscow’s State Historical Museum only in 2011.

  
Anti-capitalist, Karl Marx, never spoke a negative word about the Jewish banking dynasty, the Rothschilds, the richest of the world’s capitalist financiers, war profiteers and exploiters of the working class.

  
Adolf Hitler didn’t start a war against international Jewry, international Jewry started a war against Adolf Hitler. Germany did not fire the first shot at World Jewry, World Jewry fired the first shot at Germany. On March 24th, 1933, long before Hitler implemented any institutional anti-Jewish policies, World Jewry and international Zionism drew first blood and declared “holy war” on Germany, with the powerful American Jewish Congress leading the way.

  
Jewish rallies were held across the United States, the largest of which was in New York City, as Jewish businessmen “united to go on an economic crusade” and boycott Germany’s trade, finances and industry on an international level. Hitler’s boycott of Jewish businesses and restrictions of Jews that followed came in direct response to this act of Zionist economic aggression.


The Rockfellers of US are also crypto-Jews. John D Rockefeller was an agent of Rothschilds for "Standard oil".


The name “ US Federal Reserve Bank” was designed to deceive, and it still does. It is not federal, nor is it owned by the government. It is privately owned by the Illuminati Ashkenazi Khazar Zionists.

History Channel run by Zionists is doing a great job in re-writing history the way Rothschilds want it.




Nathan Rothschild got his money in 1799, and people are still wonderingfrom where he got it. Three months before Tipu Sultan was murdered while having his breakfast, 3 Rothschild ships were waiting to cart away Trillions of US dollars worth of gold, almost half the world's gold stock.  This was the fruit of 5 millineums of spice trade from my hometown Calicut and was stolen by Tipu Sultan from several temple vaults of Kerala, India. The British East india Company who were Opium runners from india toChina, waited till Tipu Sultan made a pile of gold at Srirangapatnam.



To poor Jews throughout Europe, Nathan Rothschild’s extraordinary rise to riches had an almost mystical significance—hence the legend of the “Hebrew talisman,” the magical source of his good luck, which became associated with him in Jewish lore.  Because of their wealth, other Jews looked to them for leadership in their pursuit of equal civil and political rights. As we shall see, this leadership was forthcoming from a remarkably early stage… acquiring quasi-royal status in the eyes of other Jews

 
Last year 23 billion dollars of Gold was fund in a non-descript temple of Kerala , India ( my home state ) . The main vault is still NOT opened due to a court order.  Tipu Sultan could NOT destroy this temple.  Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED- VADAKAYIL.

The ROTHSCHILDS are the wonders of modern banking … we see the descendants of Judah, after a persecution of two thousand years, peering above kings, rising higher than emperors, and holding a whole continent in the hollow of their hands. The Rothschild govern a Christian world. Not a cabinet moves without their advice. They stretch their hand, with equal ease, from Petersburgh to Vienna, from Vienna to Paris, from Paris to London, from London to Washington. Baron Rothschild, the head of the house, is the true king of Judah, the prince of the captivity, the Messiah so long looked for by this extraordinary people. He holds the keys of peace or war, blessing or cursing


The Jews hide behind a bogus veneer of victimhood in order to deceive naive Gentiles about their sinister agenda and carnivorous quest for World Governance. This guilt and 6 million sympathy peddling charade is laughably threadbare and transparent, today



The so-called “Russian Revolution” of 1917 was not a Russian phenomenon at all, but rather a well-organized and executed Jewish coup d’etat. The first communist-led upheaval of 1905 was also the work of plotting Jewish agitators and radicals. These are well established facts, not spurious claims as the  Jews would have you believe.



In 1919, the US Senate held a subcommittee inquiry into “Bolshevik propaganda”. An American teacher named R. B. Dennis who had worked as a teacher in Russia during the revolution said that the Bolshevik leaders were all “Russian Hebrews” who had previously lived in America “anywhere from 3 to 12 years.”. In Russia it is well known that 65% of the Bolshevik leaders are Jewish




Shortly after the Bolshevik Revolution, the U.S. ambassador in Russia sent a dispatch to Washington confirming that most of the Bolshevik leaders were Jews who had been previously exiled for revolutionary activities: “The Bolshevik leaders here, most of whom are Jews and 90 percent of whom are returned exiles, care little for Russia or any other country but are internationalists and they are trying to start a worldwide social revolution.”


  

Lenin, advocated every manner of deception, barbarity and wickedness. He encouraged lies and deceit, stating, “We must utilise all possible cunning and illegal methods, deny and conceal the truth,” noting that,“A lie told often enough becomes the truth.”Jewish propagandists have duped the world into believing that German Nazi leaders Joseph Goebbels and Adolf Hitler invented and utilized the “big lie” technique



Lenin spoke Yiddish as well as other languages, married Nadezhda Konstantinovna Krupskaya who is a Jewish woman. Stalin's two wives were Jewish and so was his mistress.


In the night of July 16-17, 1918, a squad of Bolshevik secret police murdered Russia's last emperor, Tsar Nicholas II, along with his wife, Tsaritsa Alexandra, their 14-year-old son, Tsarevich Alexis, and their four daughters. They were cut down in a hail of gunfire in a half-cellar room of the house in Ekaterinburg, a city in the Ural mountain region, where they were being held prisoner. The daughters were finished off with bayonets. To prevent a cult for the dead Tsar, the bodies were carted away to the countryside and hastily buried in a secret grave.



Soviet historians claimed for many years that local Bolsheviks had acted on their own in carrying out the killings, and that Lenin, founder of the Soviet state, had nothing to do with the crime.




The murder of the Tsar, deliberately planned by the Jew Sverdlov (who came to Russia as a paid agent of Germany) and carried out by the Jews Goloshchekin, Syromolotov, Safarov, Voikov and Yurovsky, is the act not of the Russian people, but of this hostile invader.


Two European monarchs had lost their lives as a consequence of revolutionary upheaval: England's Charles I was beheaded in 1649, and France's Louis XVI was guillotined in 1793.

  
In these cases, the king was put to death after a lengthy public trial, during which he was allowed to present arguments in his defense. Nicholas II, though, was neither charged nor tried. He was secretly put to death - along with his family and staff -- in the dead of night, in an act that resembled more a gangster-style massacre than a formal execution.


After coming to power, Jew Trotsky became Lenin’s right-hand man. It was actually Trotsky who ruled Russia during Lenin’s illness. He mercilessly caused the people suffering of a magnitude the world had never seen before.


Above, Leon Trotsky, was the the second most important man after Lenin. As leader of the Red Army, he led all of Russia into a bloody civil war. This cruel man's real name was Leiba Bronstein.


The Bolsheviks undertook to exterminate those who did not want to adopt Communism.

Tens of thousands were executed without a trial. Many opponents of the regime were sent to concentration camps, collectively called the "Gulag," where prisoners were worked almost to death under very harsh conditions. Many never left these camps alive. In the period from 1918 to 1922, they murdered millions of workers and villagers who had opposed the regime 


Although a key leader, Trotsky was merely one of tens of thousands of Jewish Communists who pulled off the Russian coup and imposed mass murderous, Jewish supremacist totalitarianism upon the early Soviet Union.


Lenin and Trotsky’s “Red Terror” crusade against Gentiles was carried out by the most ruthless, savage and feared secret police agency ever to exist — the Cheka (later known as the NKVD, OGPU and KGB). The word “Cheka” is not simply an acronym in Russian for “Special Commission for Fighting Counter-Revolution.”


According to Brother Nathanael Kapner (a former Jew who converted to Christianity and is now an outspoken critic of Jewry) “Cheka” is a play on the Hebrew expression for animal slaughter, “Shechita“. Jews made up 80% of the rank-and-file officers of the Cheka. Anyone who had the misfortune to fall into the hands of the Cheka stood a very good chance of finding himself confronted with, and possibly shot by, a Jewish investigator





In the struggle for power that followed Lenin's death in 1924, Stalin emerged victorious over his rivals, eventually succeeding in putting to death nearly every one of the most prominent early Bolsheviks leaders - including Trotsky, Zinoviev, Radek, and Kamenev.




Despite all the spin and sophistry of Jewish gatekeepers, Stalin was surrounded by Jews throughout the entirety of his brutal reign, with the ferocious Jew Lazar Kaganovich at his right hand .

Alexander Solzhenitsyn writes of the period in 1934 and 1935, when the Jewish commissar Genrikh Yagoda headed the Soviet secret police, and  Jew Yagoda's black vans went out every night in St. Petersburg, known then as Leningrad, to round up "class enemies": former members of the aristocracy, former civil servants, former businessmen, former teachers and professors and professional people, any Russian -- any real Russian -- who had graduated from a university. 



A quarter of the population of the city was arrested and liquidated by the evil Yagoda during this two-year period. All these Jewish crimes are deleted from history.

We were told through the traditional propoganda machine that Stalin hated Jews, and yet he killed more Christians with no evidence of having killed Jews/khazars.

Jewish Bolshevism left 65 million Russians dead. One of Stalin’s jewish wives was Rosa Kaganovich, the sister of Lazar Kaganovich, who was Stalin’s right hand man for mass murder.




Above Stalin's Jews

Stalin's daughter, Svetlana, married Mihail Kaganovich, son of Lazar in 1951. Stalin's son, Vassili, married Svetlana Molotov, the half‑Jewish daughter of then vice‑premier Molotov, whose wife was a sister to Jewish businessmanSam Karp of the Karp Export‑Import Co. of Bridgeport, Co


Russia's concentration camps and slave labor system were "staffed in its upper echelons by Jewish Communists."




Sixteen million ethnic Germans were forcibly expelled from Silesia, Moravia and the Volga at the end of the Second World War. Two million perished. 800,000 mostly Muslim Chechens were deported to Kazakhstan; a quarter of a million died enroute. 12% of the Baltic population was either deported to Siberia or executed.



The population of Russia was then (in 1918) 158,400,000, of whom 7,800,000 were Jews. The present population is about 170,000,000, and probably the same proportion — say 5 per cent — are Jews. Yet in 1935, in the Central Committee of the Communist Party, consisting of 59 members, 95 per cent were Jews — i.e., 56 members — while the other three members were married to Jewesses: Stalin, Lobov, and Ossinsky.Stalin’s inner circle included four Jewish ministers (people’s commissars): Lazar Kaganovich, Boris Vannikov, Semyon Ginzburg and Isaak Zaltsman. These men were responsible for the railroads, ammunition, military construction and the tank industry.

Even well into the 1950s Jews ruled over the USSR. Although Jews comprised a tiny 1.25 to 1.75 percent of the Soviet population, they constituted over 50 percent of the staff of various governmental departments, according to the Soviet politician Ekaterina Furtseva. While millions of Russian Gentiles languished in the Gulag slave camps succumbing to starvation, disease, exhaustion and the bitter cold climate, Soviet Jewry lived in cosy dachas , in the lap of luxury


In 1979, the bodies of Tsar Nicholas II, Tsarina Alexandra, three of their daughters, and those of four non-family members killed with them, were discovered near Sverdlovsk by amateur archaeologist Alexander Avdonin. In January 1998, the remains excavated from underneath the dirt road near Yekaterinburg were officially identified as those of Nicholas II and his family (excluding one of the sisters, and the only son . On 30 April 2008, DNA tests performed by a US laboratory proved that bone fragments exhumed in the Ural Mountains belonged to two children of Nicholas II, son Alexei (b. 1904) and daughter Maria (b. 1899), according to Russian news agencies. That same day it was announced by Russian authorities that the remains of the entire family had been identified.



The Rothschilds also had a multi-generational feud with the Czars of Russia, the only royalty who would not cooperate with the Rothschilds.  In the American Civil War, Abraham Lincoln invited Czar Alexandra II to send his fleet over as protection (which he did) in order to foil a plot by the Rothschild’s which would see France and Britain intervene on the side of the South.   In Russia’s war with Japan, Jacob Schiff (part of the Rothschild Empire) made it impossible for Russia to borrow the money to finance the war and, even more ruinously, he financed Japan.  The Russians suffered a humiliating defeat.



The Bolsheviks ended the feud in 1918 by butchering Czar Nicholas II, his wife, his son and his four daughters.  


--as if to say, “Let that be a fuc#in' lesson”.

Till today nobody has been able to figure out why Hitler never harmed a single German Banker Jew, and why his body was charred beyond recognition.

Charles Darwin’s father was a Free mason doctor. Zionists  are eager to prop up Darwin ( read as John Galt of Atlas Shrugged ) “A human being has no spirit or soul or consciousness . He is just a highly evolved species of animal. Really,  there is no difference between human beings and animals.



The only difference between a human being and other animals is that his environment has tamed him. Like in the jungle, in human society too, the only unchanging law is the one of conflict. Conflicting interests result in struggle. At the end of any struggle, it is natural-even necessary-that one side lose, suffer and die.. Therefore, for any development to take place, some people who cannot change , cannot survive. It is therefore necessary, that many people must suffer, and die by revolution--- BLAH BLAH".

Punch into Google search THE BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT- VADAKAYIL

Considering that the nepotist "tilted for Jews playing field " Rothschild game for the Nobel prize is now finally over with the internet age,-- the lastest is that Israel wants a separate "Jewish Nobel prize" with help from Jewish Russian Billionaires.  Since mega -billionaire Mikhail Khodorkovsky is now in jail for fraud, Russian billlionaires have all gone into the closet. They dont want their names to be in any rich people list.

Christians must know that Jesus Christ, was Judean, -- and NOT a Jew,  as the Zionist Rothschild controlled evangelists TV channels brainwash you..

Listen to what Russian President Putin says , when John McCain warns him of a fate similar to Gaddafi -- in the video below.  If cow-boy McCain thought, he could scare cool cat Putin, it did NOT work.

 
 


Turkey is among the first countries to formally recognize the State of Israel. Turkey and Israel have closely cooperated militarily and economically. Israel and Turkey have signed a multi-billion dollar project to build a series of pipelines from Turkey to Israel to supply gas, oil and other essentials to Israel . First President Mustafa Kemal Aataturk was a Crypto Jew as per Wiki leaks. Turkey’s army is controlled by Jews.  The Islamic Ottoman Empire was dismantled bt Rothschild, to pave the way for a safe and secure Israel.  Sam Ofer ran the Rothschild shipping arm. His company Zim, vacated World Trade Centre few days before 9/11.  Sam Ofer loved to employ Turkish , Georgian, Bulgarian and Romanian, Crypto-Jews in his companies like Zodiac . Israel is ruled by Jews from Khazar Georgia area.

Below see video of how Rothschilds got Israel.


I will put a separate post on the Russian mafia--actually it is a JEWISH Russian mafia.  Goa of India, has indeed been over-run. They call the shots.




During the Iraq war, USA put embedded reporters in every army unit.  Their job was to report in a deceptive manner, to suit the governments version.  They will report that the eye broke the finger that poked it , and hence deserved to be poked by more fingers.

Sonia Gandhi's Govt has allowed foreign funded NGOs ( Christian missionaries and Islamic ) a free run in India.  Pseudo secularism and vote bank politics of UPA has allowed Islamic infiltrators from Bangladesh get into India's voter's list in very large numbers.  Italian woman Sonia has NOT shown any political will to tackle the Naxalism and separatist problems.

Libya is history.

Next in line is Syria.

Syria has already been infiltrated fully by such NGOs-- to be read as merceneries. Funding and arms to Syria rebels go from Turkey, Qatar, Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, Britain, Israel, USA, Europe etc. Very soon a Syrian govt less hostile to Israel will form. Syrian Golan heights supply at huge percentage of water to Israel.  Israel wants more water.
********************************************************************
INDIA'S WORST PRESIDENT EVER ? SO WHAT , SHE COOKED TASTY PURAN POLI - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


IS PRATIBHA PATIL INDIA'S WORST PRESIDENT EVER ? SO WHAT ?  INDIRA GANDHI LOVED HER PURAN POLI ! -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


To be honest, it gives me no pleasure to pen this piece.

When we passed out as cadets, the 125 juniors could write up a impression piece about all of the 125 seniors, and the best was published in the Training ship's magazine.

So one comment about my batchmate AK , who was NOT exactly an ADONIS , went as follows--

A monkey had one glance at AK and cried out of sheer disappointment  " To hell with Darwin's theory. You cant make a man out of me"

Another batchmate had this " The only outstanding thing about him was his large ears.. So what, cried an optimist-- he could swat flies with them!"


So here to to all 99.9% Indians who have voted that she is our worst president .

" So, what?  She cooked excellent Puran Poli for Indira Gandhi!". 


All congressmen know that she used to be very servile to Indira Gandhi and even cooked for her-- cabinet kitchen at its very best.

For telling this truth, Rajasthan minister Ameen Khan was forced to resign.   Since when has truth become defamation and hate speech?

As President Pratibhatai Patil’s tenure draws to a close, it might be pertinent to ask what her five years in Rashtrapati Bhavan would be best remembered by.

As soon as she became President all her portraits sent to all foreign embassies had to be withdrawn, as she had covered one side of her PEAR shaped face with her saree pallu-- to look regal..

I dont want to waste too many words on a person who lowered the dignity of Rashtrapati bhavan , to below chart datum.  President Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan and Abdul Kalam had taken the dignity of this office to highest possible levels.


W and her stooges rewarded this nondescript woman for personal loyalty to the Nehru family, and she became president, despite her low stature. 

W deliberately ruined the greatest institution of India.


Prathiba claimed to have been told of her impending exalted status by a dead 'Baba' at Mt Abu . This is like shooting an arrow on a board and then putting circles around it.  OK, we got it madam. You are God’s own gift to us.

To be honest it is NOT easy to fill in the shoes vacated by the GREAT , well loved , intelligent and respected Karma Yogi Abdul Kalam, a muslim.   He would have been given 10 out of 10 by every Indian of every religion and caste. When he went abroad, all were in awe.


Her biggest gaffe?

She tells the army that she is not the chief patron of  the army. To which the people of the armed forces replied that the president of India has always been the chief patron of the army.

As President, she inaugurated a flyover near Amravati to allegedly  boost the political career of her son-- otherwise nobody will dare to invite an  President occupying the nation's highest chair ,to do such trivial things.


President Pratibha Patil's son and Congress MLA Raosaheb Shekhawat was issued a notice by the District Collector in connection with the seizure of Rs 1 crore unaccounted cash from Amravati, where civic polls were underway.  Unfazed the President’s son said that cash was accounted, and it was meant for distribution among financially weak candidates for the local civic polls.

On 22 June 2007, Rajni Patil, a professor at a Jalgaon college, claimed that Pratibha Patil's brother G.N.Patil was the person who had murdered her husband, Jalgaon congressman Vishram G Patil. She accused Pratibha Patil of shielding her brother.

Pratibha Patil’s brother G. N. Patil was nominated by the Maharashtra Pradesh Congress Committee to be president of the District Congress Committee of Jalgaon in 2004.  In 2005, an election by secret ballot was held for the position. He contested the election but lost to his opponent, an English Professor V. G. Patil, by 13 votes.

After his election, VG Patil , instituted an enquiry into misappropriation of funds collected  for felicitation of Pratibha Patil , and for tsunami relief. On 21 September 2005, VG  Patil was murdered near his house in broad daylight--  eyewitness was Rambhau Gobru Pawar

 The local police arrested an alleged assailants, Raju Mali .  A CBI team visited Jalgaon on 4 April 2007.  Three days later, Raju Mali died in mysterious circumstances while in police custody.   The Central Bureau of Investigation has informed the Bombay high court that G N Patil, brother of President Pratibha Patil, had refused to undergo a lie detector test during the agency's murder probe .

Pratibha Mahila Sahakari Bank was a cooperative bank set up by Pratibha Patil in 1973 . The license for it to operate as a bank was revoked in 2003 by the Reserve Bank of India for alleged financial irregularities. Among the irregularities listed were the loans policy of the bank and loan interest waivers given, among others, to her relatives.

She was accused of making a botched attempt to grab a huge plot of defense land ( 261000 sq feet ) set aside for army widows , in Pune for her 4500 sq feet giant retirement home , shocking the nation, and in the process losing the last vestige of moral presidential authority she wielded.

We all know that our first President Dr Rajendra Prasad donated his land to Vinoba Bhave and here we have Pratibhatai grabbing land meant for her own men—after all she is the supreme commander of the armed forces.  Even if she does NOT know it.

The home ministry snubbed her by turning down a demand for Rs 85 lakh to renovate and furnish her post-retirement residence at Pune -- to be frank the nation was shocked --after all she is an ex-president, and 85 lakhs in NOTHING for India.  

Shankar Dayal Sharma was denied an AC in his retirement home  bed room -- and the old man cried ..  was an AC unit of 20 K rupees worth this huge insult.


Pratibha Patil lobbied, for her son Rajendra Shekhawat to be given a Congress ticket in the Maharashtra 2009 assembly election.

Through a Right to Information application, it is known that our foot loose Pratibha  Patil’s 13 foreign jaunts, with three generations of her extended family, had cost the national exchequer Rs 205 crore.  Her entourage included a masseuse—way to go, maam! .

And now to add insult to injury, she made the mindless mistake of pardoning a criminal who sacrificed a 9 year old child, along with other 29 Presidential pardons. 

Another criminal had raped and killed a 5 year old girl. Well Madame Pratibha JI, we Indians will NEVER pardon you.

So Pratibha JI, here is your report card-- ZERO out of 100. 

Be assured that nobody can ever get lower marks than you. For Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed and Zail Singh managed to get 1 out of 10..as nobody hated them.

Never mind your performance appraisal of yourself to self inflict a performance based 300 % salary increase on yourself.

And never mind if Sonia JI and her economy expert stooges redefined Indian poverty at Rs. 32 per day, you had your 6 crore bullet proof car.   

W and PM Manmohan Singh gave away 57000 crores ( 10 billion euro ) to Eurozone--nay- Italy zone --, when most Indian women still defecate in the open and farmers are commiting suicides.



You never bothered to generate an iota of goodwill among the poor harried Indian masses , right? 

We all know how many Parliament members attended and listened to your boring speeches in latin America.

Reputation matters , Madame!

You have reduced the lofty chair vacated by Abdul Kalam to that of a white elephant's stable.

Your “career” as President is distinguished by sounds of silence, which you broke only to deny any shady dealing that was pinned to your name-- and then your HER MERCIFUL EXCELLENCY  overdrive to compensate for a missing legacy , backfired badly, right?..

And for breathing life into a dead convict, just to pardon him , well well -- this can happen only in India-- but to the dignified president ?

Hope the Guinness book of world records and Ripley’s Believe it or not , never finds out that that the first citizen of India-- nay the 12th President of India,  has pardoned a convict who died  5 years back, in October 2007. 


There goes your "merciful president" aura.



The day you retire, all Indians will give a collective gasp and quote President Bush " I think we agree, the past is over!".

You are indeed the quintessential King Midas in reverse-- for, whatever you touched , including gold , turned to dust!




We Indians thank the Internet and the media, for keeping us well informed.


Now, where is mE Puran Poli?  ASLI ghee daalna, Dalda nahi!


Place my order for her autobiography -- 1000 copies please--



---must start playing TT.  I'm inspired. hare mez ke upar, bathi ke niche, le patapat, de patapat!
********************************************************************
SCRAP THE SETHUSAMUDRAM PROJECT, NOW - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SCRAP THE SETHUSAMUDRAM PROJECT,  IT IS A WHITE ELEPHANT - RAM SETHU BRIDGE -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Let me introduce myself-- 3 decades in command on merchant ships. 

Listen carefully to what I say.

The Sethusamudram project is ill conceived. Whoever conceived this project without adequate studies should be punished. These are morons of the first order.



It was more of a project to show the secular credentials of Sonia Gandhi and her "not so bright" son Rahul Gandhi.

Secular credentials for Italian madame Sonia Gandhi means Hindu bashing ( 900 million on this planet ) , and cultivating crypto Hindus like YSR, Ambika Soni and their ilk, who are hell bent on proving that the BIG Bang happened in 4004 BC-- as per the Bible is correct. 

I dont see any harm in Hindus changing to a religion of their choice. But dont be Hindu by day and Christian by night, just to get votes or please Madame.

So how can Sri Ram build a bridge 300 years before the world was created ?




Sonia has given the brainwork to Rothschild stooge Rajendra Kumar Pachauri-- who hardly knows if he is comin' or goin'.  Rothschild controls most of the Indian media too. Punch into Google search THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING- VADAKAYIL.

Vedanta has been proved right, in the last two decades. Vedanta is the soul of India.  Ram Sethu indeed exists and it was built 6300 years ago. 

You dont need to ask NASA for this. We Indians are good enough.

There is hardly any economical advantage by building the Sethusamudram canal. 

Foreign shipping is not gonna use it.  They dont need to, as almost all of the foreign ships coast south of Sri Lanka and go via the Malacca strait.

You cant go full speed through the canal due to the squat effect.  During 5 months of SW monsoon, the swell will cause pounding / pitching, and deep drafted ships cant go through.

This means only coastal Indian traffic will use this canal. But they will NOT be able to afford the fees. Does anybody know, what it takes to keep a canal open, round the clock? 

Dont ask the landlubbing seamen in MMD and DG shipping. They have forgotten what sea spray tastes like.

In any case what is the coastal traffic strength of India?  We dont need to make this canal for Bangladesh and Myanmar.




If I were an Indian shipowner, I will NOT send my foreign and coastal ships through this canal. There will be no savings in time nor fuel. Only a fool and his money are soon parted.

Sethusamudram canal will require extensive dredging , to keep it open. The canal revenues must be self-sustaining. That much revenue will never be milked from throughfare traffic.



In additions, we can kiss all the coral reefs in Indian territory, the dugongs and the sea-cucumbers goodbye. 



You are depriving thousands of Indian fishermen off their livelihood. This is in additions to the mindless ecological damage.



By the way, the mermaids at sea are nothing but dugongs, mistaken by sailors.

This canal is NOT conducive for our coastal defence. It can be used by our enemies too. The desh-drohi foreign funded NGOs have been working overtime to get this Sethusamudran canal dug.

My Russian Officers used to tell me how the Russian Submarines used to hide under the hull of big ships transiting through the Bosphorus and Dardanelles straits, with the NATO never ever getting a scent or their signature.

Even after USSR fell, several of the Black sea fleet Nuclear sumarines escaped this way, to the deep waters of the Mediterranean.

For the Coast Guard muffs who keep saying that they can move faster from one side of India to the other, I will tell them this " This is why we have a Eastern and Western command. The canal can be easily mined , and you will be sitting ducks while in transit "



When you study a project, the question which has to be asked is " What will be the advantage?"

I see NIL advantage.


With the next Tsunami we will lose a big percentage of our THORIUM and TITANIUM --and this is what Rothschild Zionists want.


Our president Abdul Kalam had told on national television years back that India must develop Thorium based nuclear reactors. Thorium contains 150 times more energy than Uranium and is the MOST efficient combustible .

It is found along with actinides Uranium and Plutonium in the Periodic table. Since Thorium is only slightly radio active , it is clean with no burden of nuclear waste disposal.
The SW Kerala Monazite sand beaches have Thorium--the world's No1 reserves, for Nuclear energy.. 

The beaches of Kanyakumari Manavalakurichi , Tirunelveli districts of TamilNadu and Orissa ( within Vedanta University ) are also Thorium rich.

These Thorium areas are being targetted for illegal mining ( stealing of national wealth ) and Christian conversions, by foreign funded missionaries, all encouraged by our pseudo secular government..
A thorium-powered reactor is inherently safe. It doesn't run the risk of "meltdown" or explosion nor can even a dirty bomb be created. Its nuclear reaction simply stops when its neutron exciter is turned off.

And Govt of India must be wary of all this SO CALLED prospecting for oil ( sic) in Gulf of Mannar of South coast India --by Western forces. 
DECLARE RAM SETHU AS AN ANCIENT NATIONAL MONUMENT. 

KEEP THE SPIRIT OF INDIA ALIVE. 

Note: 

Muslim and Christian invaders came to India and killed 90 million Hindus- your ancestors. 

Hinduism is 110 centuries old , while Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old. 

When Sanatana Dharma existed, in India , the white man's land was under 1 kilometer of hard ice. Every ancestor of the current Indian with Indian DNA, was a Hindu, which is a way of life. We must be proud of our ancient culture. 

This is who we are.  We need to be proud of India, rather than Jerusalem and Mecca. We need to be proud of Sanskrit, rather than English and Arabic. 

Even Pakistanis need to be proud of Saraswati river civilization. Today even they are slowly realising all this.  Four months ago, when my ship went to Pakistan, I spoke to several Pakistanis , that my home state of Kerala is very far from Saraswati river, which partly flowed through Pakistan. Rabid hate of Hinduism has made them disown their own glorious past history and the amazing Indus valley civilization. Several eminent Vedic Maharshis were Pakistanis and Afghanis..

There is enough room for all religions in India, as long as you dont become a "desh-drohi" Judas, by taking foreign money. 




But we can ill afford to have Trojan horses in the garb of Mormons and Christian missionaries, whose aim is to ensure India does NOT overtake USA and China and become No1 superpower, in another 25 years. Have you not noticed that we have just given a dole of 57000 crores ( 10 billion US dollars ) to Eurozone? 

Dont let an Catholic Italian waitress , who has a secret Vatican agenda , destroy India's glorious history and heritage.  Rahul Gandhi , our "Yuv-Raj" was exposed by Wikileaks , when he told a US senator that RSS ( my RSS father fought for India's freedom ) is worse than Laskhar E Taiba. 

Sonia Gandhi--  ( if you read this post)-- We Indians trusted you, despite your foreign DNA, just because you were Indira Gandhi's son's wife.  WHY DO YOU BETRAY THAT TRUST?




Have you not realised that 1/4 of India is now run over by Naxalites , who are aided by foreign funded NGOs in the garb of human right activists, environmentalists and philantropic missionaries? Our brave Jawans are forced to fight with one arm tied behind their backs.

Do you value your freedom? 
********************************************************************
KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



KING COBRA AND SNAKE TEMPLES OF KERALA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

During my honeymoon three decades ago we were at Mysore zoo. There I saw a King Cobra in a enclave. The particulars of the snake indicated that it was 18.1 feet long.

At that time my wife remarked, our snake is bigger than that.


Naturally I demanded to know " What the hell do you mean by our snake?" 

Then she told me that in her tharavadu ancestral house at Kannur, they had a resident pet King Cobra. Nobody knew how old it was. It made weekly rounds at a particular time , and those days they kept the external scuppers clean.


The huge bungalow was set in 6 acres of land, and 1 acre in one corner , went to the snake , living inside the roots of a huge tree, which had an Nagakal idol. That entire grove was full of dense bushes creepers, vines and plants. Nobody went that side. Sometimes he used to come inside the house in the back area, and nobody disturbed it. 


The lore was that the snake was guarding a manikyam ( precious stone ). If the snake comes and gives this stone to you voluntarily, then you are blessed, as this luminous stone had extremely high value. 



Then when my wife was about to deliver my elder son, she went to her home at Kannur, as per our customs and culture. One day I had gone to meet her. She told me to watch out for the King , as his weekly rounds was due. So there I was in the verandah keeping a hawks eye for a slithering reptile. And suddenly there he was,  taking his rounds , like the lord of all he surveys, along with a sudden increase of twitter of birds. It was easy to identify the huge guy, as its tail was truncated by about 3 inches, and was not pointed. 



At that time I told my wife " I am gonna kill the guy" --more to see her reaction. And I found she got red faced and hoppin' mad with me, and told me never --ever-- ever --never to talk that way.


Then few days before she delivered the baby , she went to the Sarpa Kavu ( Snake Temple ) of Kannur to offer eggs and milk to the Cobras there. The King Cobra does NOT belong to the genre of Cobras, as he eats them for breakfast.  


This episode I have mentioned in one of my posts.Punch into Google search GRATITUDE, THE NOBLEST OF ALL VIRTUES- VADAKAYIL. 

100 years ago, Kerala had 30000 Snake temples. Today hardly 5000 are left. All these Snake Temples have been destroyed and the land used for building houses. Usually a Hindu will never build his house in an area which had a snake temple. So usually this land was sold to Muslims and Christians.  Subdivision and fragmentation of huge plots of land, at the time of dividing property between children of deceased parents, had done so much of harm to Kerala. 



These snake temple lands were left alone. Nobody went that side for thousands of years, even to collect firewood. When people wanted rare herbs they kept a piece of Kayam/ Hing/ Asafoetida in their pockets , collected the stuuf in the daylight and came out in a jiffy. The ground is fungus laden and full of rare ferns. Snakes of Kerala do NOT bite you unless you step on them or corner them. So these green pockets all over Kerala, usually with a waterbody or pond,  has the richest of flora and Ayurvedic herbs.

I would suggest to the Kerala Government of Kerala NOT to allow destruction of Hindu snake temples. 




The atheist communists and the Christian and Muslim MLAs and Ministers make fun of the superstitious Hindu. I do hope they understand the environmental impact, and look at it from this perspective. The mountain soil and climate of Western Ghats cannot sustain the Ayurvedic medicinal herbs , which require the soil and climate of the plains. 



The huge forest at the borders of Kerala, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu was full of Sandal wood trees. The smugglers made merry and literally eliminated the Sandal Wood tree, till a dreaded and violent bandit by the name of Veerappan , took refuge in these forests. For two decades nobody had the guts to steal Sandalwood, with deadly Veerappan and his vicious gang on the prowl. The Sandal wood forests became lush and abundant all over again. Now that Veerappan is dead and gone, same old story. If you view this with commonsense the snakes in a Sarpa Kavu , are the equivalent of Veerappan. 

The venomous snakes  kept the greedy man away and did NOT allow him to rape that virgin grove of eco-system.  





The vast multitude of medicinal herbs found in Kerala cannot be found even in the rain forests of Africa and South America or the Far east. These ecological havens are a legacy left behind by our wise ancestors . 




The rat snakes ate the rats which destroyed crops. The King in turn ate these snakes to maintain the eco-balance. 




Kerala was created by warrior saint Parashurama , the 6th incarnation of Lord Vishnu, who threw his axe ( scalar weapon ) and reclaimed the land from the Varuna , the Arabian sea. Kerala is a narrow strip of land between the sea and the Western ghat mountains. This land which was reclaimed was salt laden and not fertile.


Parashurama went into a severe penance and Lord Shiva advised him, that the venom of the Cobra snake is requires to desalinate the soil, and for this he has to seek the help of Nagaraja, the King of King Cobras..To cut a long story short, the flaming Kalakuda venom was spread out and there rose God's own Country, this planet's most beautiful land.  good deed done , Parashurama struck his axe into the ground and clear water spouted and he took a bath.  




This is the spot where the Mannarshala Snake Temple is today. Set in 16 acres of land, it is a tourist spot, as well as a spot for Hindu pilgrims,especially women unable to conceive. For all want to see the 6000 years old granite Nagaraja idol, and his consort Sarpayakshi made of white quartz,  installed by Lord Parashurama. 




After this deed Parashurama retired to Mahendra mountains to do tapasya and after that has never been seen. That whole area has white fragrant Mandara flowers. There are 30000 snake idols in this grove. The Turmeric paste given as prasad by this temple has healing powers. 



Parashurama then advised that every home should dedicate a grove on the SW coner ( Kanni Moola ) for a Sarpa kavu. Though this is NOT possible in modern time, Vaastu Shastra does NOT allow any toilet or garbage dump at the Kanni Moola. this idea has been copied by Feng Shui recently..  



Tipu Sultan kept way from this temple, as he was afraid of getting Leprosy. 




So few years ago, my ship was in Cape Town and I had one of the Charterers directors in my cabin, trying to convince me that the Black Mamba of Africa is the deadliest snake in the world. I pricked his bubble when I told him that the king Cobra of my home state , has Black Mambas for breakfast. 





In Kerala nobody kills a King Cobra. Rather this regal snake is worshipped as a God. If a King Cobra is killed accidentally, it is cremated with ghee. A king Cobra can curse a man. I have seen this happening. Our school was the house of a very rich man ( Sadanandan of Calicut . This building is now Calicut telephones ) . When he made his house he was advised by astrologers to leave the Sarpa kavu at the corner of the plot alone. He himself took his gun and blasted off a lot of snakes and set fire to the area.


His entire family went to ruin within a couple of years. Some contacted incurable skin diseases, some went raving mad. The last was a forlorn woman who used to sit outside the gates of our school , all alone like a beggar, with her cloth bundle. You could make out that she was quite fair and attractive in her young age.

In the Mahabharata 4000 BC, Arjuna and Lord Krishna set fire to the great and ancient Khandava forest , so that they could build their Indraprastha palace . 



Everything living in the forest died, except Maya Danava ( he was saved and then arm twisted to show gratitude by designing the amazing Indraprasta hall . He also designed the Mayan calendar later ) , 4 birds ( Sarngakas ) and Aswasena, the son of the Naga king Takshaka.



Aswasena later tried to take revenge for his mother, and hid in the quiver of Karna who was fighting Arjuna still like an arrow, but Arjuna's charioter Lord Krishna prevented this dart from hitting Arjuna by causing the horses to bend down thus sinking the chariot wheels. .



60 years after the Mahabharata war, Takshaka had his revenge by killing Parikshit, Arjuna's grandson. Parikshit was forewarned and so he build a tower in the midle of a lake, with every hole and crevice plugged. But Takshaka coverted itself into a worm and bore into a mango, which was to be taken in a basket as food. Parikshit was engulfed in flames due to the potency of the venom--as a poetic justice , as Takshaka's wife was killed in the Khandava forest fire.



Picture above shows King Cobra Takshaka , his wife who dies in the Khandava forst fire and his son Aswasena

The Peralassery Subramanya Temple, is located 15 kms from Kannur . Lord Subrahmanya is the son of Lord Siva. 6300 years ago, Lord Ram along with Lakshman halted on their way to free Sita from Ravana in Lanka. The temple  has a shrine for the serpent God and has a number of bronze and copper idols of snakes . In Pappinissery Kannur, there is a snake park.


The King Cobra does NOT have the spectacle mark on the hood like other Cobra snakes. It is the longest venomous snake in the world. They are very sensitive to vibrations and can locate the prey 120 metres off. You are told in your Biology text books that the Cobra is deaf and the snake charmer gets the Cobra to rear its hood, by moving the flute. Well, Well!! 




It can rear 1/3 of its length. And it knows how to increase its striking distance, and many people have died because they misjudged he safe zone. An angry King Cobra does NOT hiss. It growls, and people shit in their pants. It has exceptional memory, and if you have wounded the guy, better go to some other place, or it will track you. Even if you kill it, the head must be crushed as it retains the image and its mate can visualise it. The modern Newtonian and Darwinian scientists will say bullshit. Let them say that.


Offerings by way of eggs are given to the sarpa kavu to attract egg eating rat snakes, which is staple food for the King. 




In Kerala we do NOT celebrate Rakshabandhan. On Nag Panchami day. This festival is observed on the fifth day of Shravana month of Hindu lunar calendar after the amavasya of Ashada month.



 Women fast the previous day. They then take bath at dawn and pray at the Sarpa kavu . They take the Thirtham milk home.  A Chembarathi Hibiscus flower is dipped in the milk and sprinkled on the brother's back and then do arthi.. Then a tread dipped in turmeric is tied on the right wrist of the brother. After that a feast is served. We all have a culture. Be proud of it. Unfortunately all this has been reduced to HAPPY NEW YEAR festivities. 




The Asura king was ruling Kerala in ancient times. During his rule all citizens were very happy. He was under Lord Vishnu's protection and often Vishnu used to leave Vaikuntam and his wife Lakshmi to live in beautiful Kerala. 



Above Lord Vishnu ( preserver and mid point of yin-yang / Sattwa between Tamas-Rajas ) and his wife Lakshmi ( goddess of wealth )  , travelling on their Garuda Vimana --which is a mercury plasma expanding and imploding vortex flying saucer.

One day lonely Lakshmi disguised herself as a brahmin woman and sought shelter in King Mahabali's palace. Lakshmi tied a thread on Mahabali's right wrist, one day-- and then the King realised that she wanted to take her husband Vishnu home.


This was this planet's first Rakhabandhan done by a sister to her brother. Last year when they unearthed 23 billion US dollars worth of gold at SriPadmanabhaswamyy temple at Trivandrum, the heaviest piece was the statue of Vishnu in gold, resting on Anantha , the celestial King Cobra. 




Parashurama came in 4000 BC from Saraswati river along with the Brahmins. He drove away the sea warriors of that time, the Thiyyas. He then donated all lands to the newly formed class, Namboodiris- who would geminate and produce their own Kshatriya Nair class. The ordinary people of Kerala suffered from Vishnu’s two avatars. Vamana  avatar who killed the beloved Asura king ( Thiyyas were the Asuras ) Mahabali and later Parashurama , to grab the lands and donate it to Namoodiris.


During the reign of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, the people of Kerala called Thirayyar ( sea warriors ) did trade with the Island of Crete.  The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.




There was a great tectonic shift and volcanic activity in 5000 BC ,  and then trade was abandoned.  Some settled down in Judea. They lived on the seaward side of Western Ghats of Kerala while the Malayyars being highlanders lived on the landwards side. Today these people are called Thiyyas in Kerala, with a matrilineal society which rest of India did NOT have.. Till Parashurama came there did not do Vedic worship. Today their Tantric worship forms called Theyyam can be seen in some temples of Kerala.




Now something about Nagamani.  A genuine Nagamani when in contact with a Hibiscus flower ( Chembarathi ) bud will cause it to bloom. 


  
When this stone is dropped in water hydrogen is liberated. 

  
The mani will emit flourescent light when in contact with a Hibiscus flower and changes colour with heat..


Mamba for breakfast!!


The King Cobra of Malabar,  Kerala ( my home state ) is the King of Kings.


   
In the video below, you see Vava Suresh from Kerala-- a professional King Cobra ,snake catcher. He releases the snake into the dense forest later.




When people get fatty liver disease the Ayurveda experts go to the snake grove and pluck off certain rare herbs , and within days you become OK.   Previously  the west comes to India to pick up liver herbs. Now they order it on the internet.  This is the true wealth of Kerala and we have snakes to protect them.

Lord Parashurama created thousands of Snake groves or Sarpakkavus in Kerala for the sole purpose of preserving priceless Ayurvedic creepers and trees ( for medicinal barks ) .. 

During the British rule , they destroyed all these groves stating superstition. The successive governments of atheist communists, and Christians continued with what the British started—“destroying superstition” . They did NOT care that these snakes are the guardians of Ayurveda

There are tree barks for every disease on this planet. My wife’s father’s mother was an Ayurvedic physician at Kannur . There is a creeper by the name of Amritavalli ( leaves are heart shaped ) that bring down sugar levels from 500 to less than 100 in a few of days—and that too permanently, which means the pancreas is regenerated..



In the rush to run down Hinduism, and convert Hindus to other religions—this planet is suffering. For thousands of years , the only medicines available to this planet was from Kerala snake groves. Today everybody makes fun of Hindus for worshipping snakes.

In my vision , I see a great revival of Ayurveda in the future. People will shun chemical medicines ( with side effects ) and go back to mother nature’s bounty.



People see only what they want to see.  Appreciate the wisdom of Lord Parashurama.  

He ensured that there is NO sub-division and fragmentation of rice cultivation lands ( division of ancestral property between children ) , in a small state like Kerala.  Land could only be owned by the eldest Namboodiri son. 

Today the Kerala paddy fields are too small to engage in profitable rice cultivation. 
********************************************************************
HIGGS BOSON , GOD PARTICLE NONSENSE, SOME MORE FUNDS PLEASE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

HIGGS BOSON ,  GOD PARTICLE HOAX,  SOME MORE FUNDS PLEASE-   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

 The cheerleaders of science had a field day today. 

They connived as thieves and christened a SCALAR PARTICLE , as a GOD PARTICLE .  

The media and the world lapped it up- and how!.

Most of them did NOT even have the foggiest of an idea , what a scalar field means.




The Brits have started crying for a Nobel prize for Peter Higgs. Well did he not discover the GOD particle?..  83 years old Higgs quite delighted in the limelight, was the cynosure of all eyes, yesterday.


People forgot about Albert Einstein, Satyendranath Bose and Yoichiro Nambu. Well Nambu and Einstein have already got their Nobel prizes.
There were several others who predicted this particle in the end fifties. Punch into google search SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM- VADAKAYIL.

Pray, by what yard stick do you call this "bullshit particle" a GOD particle?  

Are you cock sure there is only ONE more of them, which takes the tally to 13 fundamental particles ? 

Hey, how about the "John Galt Particle"?


In the video below check out what the FATHER OF THE NUCLEAR BOMB, Oppenheimer says after watching the destructive capability of an atom .




If someone were to call DMT which comes out of the Pineal gland as GOD particle, I would NOT mind --as it bends space-time.

The ignorant press has gone into a tizzy. Atheists, without understanding an iota of what it involves , were acting like cats who swallowed all the cream. 

On 2nd Dec 2012, NASA , went to town shouting from the roof tops about DNA containing Arsenic instead of Phosphorus. My response can be seen if you punch in Google search NASA DNA ARSENIC PHOSPHORUS.  In the 4 days I was the sole dissenting voice on the Internet--and then it snowballed , enough for NASA to aplologise and go back to the lab table .

Even today the science books of school children teaches Darwin's bullshit theory. Even today not a single scientist is able to come up with an explanation about crop circles-- despite the anti-NATO group bloodying their noses every day, with new versions of crop circles.  John Bulls- Doug and Dave with their ropes and wooden boards rule, right?
You can read my take on this CROP CIRCLES MYSTERY SOLVED- VADAKAYIL.


We are still stuck with Newton’s classical physics--which keeps the narrow bands of 5 human senses happy. 

The US Dept of Energy's Fermilab Tevatron Collider near Batavia, IIlionis was shut down last year.  

The CERN LHC particle accelerator would have been the next.  


So we have the bullshit -- nay-- GOD particle, now. Higgs explains mass--say again?!  Spin Doctors --nay-- "vector" scientists claim, end of a 45 year hunt to explain how matter attains mass -  

Mind you, our God scalar particle has zero spin, zero colour and zero charge.


BRAVO!   

With so much of world attention-- this calls for more funds, right?--

-- to verify this GOD particle in all potential channels, when the LHC reaches its peak energy output later?   

They just wont allow this white elephant to be mothballed . Has it not  provided comforable lives to hundreds of scientists , working strictly on NEED TO KNOW BASIS.!



So, in the last 4 decades how many times have we heard hypes galore on Rothschild funded History Channel " This cave we discovered on so and so mountain, is the cave where MOSES who led the Jews out of Egypt, rested on Sabbath day , here are the crumbling parchments we found in a ancient urn, which we have carbon dated -- and we are 99.9999% sure about this.  And now it is safe in a vault in Israel.".  

Oh yeah?

There is NO greater way than to start your own History Channel who will take orders from the Zionist spin doctors, right?

Moses fever to Higgs fever, now!

Even a stupid guy knows that when you accelerate Protons ( in reality quarks and gluons which bind the quarks together ) nearly at the speed of light, and smash them energy gets converted to mass, and new subatomic particles are created which decays into lighter particles. You pour enough energy and you get mass-- this is the wisdom of 7000 year old Vedas, which Sai Baba said, when he astounded millions of his disciples with Vibhuti ash..

You don’t need to push someone off a 100 story building to check out if his bloody remains --nay --GOD has to be scraped off the ground later. 


The total mass of quarks in a proton is only about 2% the mass of the proton, itself. The rest –- virtually all of your mass -– is made up of the interaction energies between the quarks. 



Explanation: If the god particle was shown not to exist, it would have meant tearing up the Standard Model and going back to the drawing board! ( sic). 

Higgs boson existed only during the first millionth of a millionth of a second after the Big Bang some 13.6 billion years ago. As the universe cooled, all the Higgs bosons decayed into other particles. That means to find it, scientists have to make it themselves, recreating the high energies that existed when the universe was only a millionth of a millionth of a second old ( sic!).  


And we don’t get impressed by this 5 Sigma thing. For laymen it is like tossing a loaded coin to get 20 consecutive heads. 

The scientists from the same CERN  who declared on SIGMA 6 with greater fanfare last year , that Neutrinos travel faster than light, have all be quietly sacked.  How about that, for white elephant's --nay- CERN's  credibility ?




Higgs Bosons emerge from this smashup wreckage for 1Trillionth of a second and then decays. So what new things have you proved? Oh yes, we can continue spending money on these scientists. 

Even the Big bang is a theory, right? 

Nobel prizes should NOT be given for bullshit theories, which gladdens the establisment's nay big brothers' hearts --like the Pope's heart in the days of yore.  Something concrete must be shown which benefits mankind and this planet. Theory upon theory upon theory upon--


In 1967, Steven Weinberg and Pakistani Abdus Salam were the first to apply the Higgs mechanism to the breaking of the electro-weak symmetry, and showed how a Higgs mechanism could be incorporated into Sheldon Glashow's electroweak theory, in what became the Standard Model of particle physics.  

The Higgs field is a SCALAR field-- a harmonic resonance field. 

Of course Particle accelerators have opened the way to medical treatments such as proton eye therapy — as well as advances in materials science, due to neutron scattering. 

So, can someone from Higgs guys of CERN tell us about gravity, dark matter or dark energy?


Here is some wisdom-- 

So, 50 years ago Peter Higgs and five other theoretical physicists proposed that an invisible field lying across the Universe gives particles their mass, allowing them to clump together to form stars and planets.

This Akasha ( Ether) field has been described in Vedas 7000 years ago.  Nicola Tesla was introduced to this field in 1903 by Swami Vivekananda.

The whole cosmos is interconnected in a morphogenetic field and speed is NOT restricted to speed of light. 

The space between the electrons ( Akasha of Tesla and 7000 year old Vedas - which is the same Higgs scalar field ), gives free energy to the perpetual motion of the electrons , which prevent them from falling into the nucleus. 

The electrons, protons and neutrons are only a small part of the atom. It is the space between them that is, the “substance.” as per  7000 year old Vedanta. 

Matter is not condensed substance but a diffused form of energy.  There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void.


Consciousness creates energy, it creates matter, and it creates the perspectives of space and time. The transmission of scalar information creates consciousness fields— Morphogenic Fields.  Scalar fields cannot be detected by the usual instruments for measuring electric and magnetic fields, which work by interacting with electron flow and energy transmission.

Longitudinal Scalar waves  is the point of fundamental intersection where matter and consciousness influence each other.  There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter.  


Scalar waves can travel over immense distances with no loss of energy at super-luminal speed ( faster than light! ). A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude. 

Forces of attraction cause the particles to come together to form nuclei with electrons orbiting around them giving the illusion of matter. These atoms are attracted together to form molecules. Molecules are brought together by organizing forces inherent in the particular morphogenetic field of that being or material, causing the creation of DNA, cells, tissue, organs, systems, organisms, societies and on a larger scale, planets, solar systems, galaxies and universes. All of this from the one and only quantum field of consciousness.   

An atom is pure energy held together by a intelligent force. The conscious intelligent field lies in the empty space in between the electrons. 99.9999% of every atom is empty space. What we perceive as physical dense matter is actually 99.9999 % empty space - large electron fields with very little matter in the center.  

This intelligent field decides why a electron should remain in a particular orbit. : Electrons can change position instantly without taking time. They suddenly appear in another orbit of higher or lower energy or distance from the nucleus. 

Consider the numbers 0 1 2 4 8 16 32 64 128. Multiply by 3 and add 4 we get 4 7 10 16 28 52 100 196 388. Now divide them by 10. Now these are the distance of 9 planets from the sun if the distance from the sun and the earth is taken as one unit.  1 = 93 million miles. .

The universe is in perfect harmony an balance. The cosmos is a unified system. A little disharmony and the entire matter of the universe will go back into the black hole. Playing around with HAARP and galactic resonance is a dangerous game. 

It is impossible to know both the position and momentum of a quantum object. When one measures the position of an electron it will destroy information about the electrons momentum; your observation disturbs it. 

Matter is NOT a inert substance. It is conscious and active. Experts in organic and inorganic chemistry know what I mean. To get the perfect theory of everything TOI, consciousness has to be factored in by science. It will NOT be possible to understand gravity without doing this.  

Atomic objects (electrons, protons, neutrons, photons, quarks , neutrinos etc ) sometimes behave like particles, and other times, like waves. When does an atomic object behave like a wave and when does it behave like a particle? It just depends on whether the object is observed.

Unobserved, the atomic object appears as a wave spread out over space, but the instant it is observed the wave collapses to a point and behaves like a particle. The action of a simple observation “causes” a wave to collapse, producing a particle. All space time events are conscious: they are conscious of other space time events 

All energy is a spiral , rather a vortex--there is nothing called a wave , you see in physics books. Nature is in constant evolution—It can never ever be a circle,--rather it is a SPIRAL which swings on and on, upwards, higher and higher still, ever changing, where not a single thing remains the same from one loop to the next, forever and ad infinitum.

Earth and other planets  races along with the sun ( all the while revolving around the sun, of course ) in a spiral vortex. This is NOT like what you see in science books , where earth goes around the sun in a elliptical stagnant circle. 

We are made of stardust. Exploding stars are the only way that carbon enters the universe, and our bodies are composed of carbon. 

After Dec 21st 2012, the human race will understand the meaning of quantum consciousness . They have a free choice of following the laws of the cosmos.


Universe getting mass is the answer-- what was the fuc#in' question?

Bottomline:  11000 year old Vedanta has never been proved wrong.  A Hindu really does NOT care if their creator God Brahma and his wife Saraswati ( Goddess of learning ) can been reduced to Abraham and Sara , by spin doctors -- in other new born religions like Christianity, Judaism and Islam.

-- and before anybody starts scoffing at Vedanta --

-- the speed of light written down in Sanskrit in Rig Veda of 5000 BC, is the same as what the modern scientists have calculated with all their latest atomic clocks in this year of 2012.  3D Mathematics was done inside the fractal human brain-- NOT on super computers. 



At least Jewish Einstein was large hearted to acknowledge this , and the father of boson, Satyendranath Bose ( who was a Mathematician first , and then a Physicist ).  Einstein did NOT have command in Mathematics.




Punch into Google search :
AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL and get shocked out of your pants. 

and


DR ECG SUDARSHAN DENIED NOBEL PRIZE FOR PHYSICS IN 1979 AND 2005, VULGAR RACISM  VADAKAYIL


GOD PARTICLE , WHICH GIVES 

MASS TO MATTER --  MY 

FU#KIN' FOOT !!
********************************************************************
AN EXAMPLE OF THE WORD RANT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
A DEMONSTRATION OF THE WORD  RANT -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


ENJOY!


This fan is so pissed off, that he takes revenge by buying and selling Van Persie 3 times.




“My goal has been to win trophies with the team,” Van Persie had once said, confirming that he will not seek or sign a new contract.
His league campaign yielded 30 goals and nine assists and made him the double Footballer of the Year. He rescued an imploding Arsenal and propelled them out of crisis talk and back into the Champions League.  
Arsenal was a one-man team – they are now is losing the one man. Enough excuse for a nice rant,if you are a fan. 
Van Persie had insisted that money is not his consideration , but money – Chelsea and Manchester City’s money, in particular – has altered the footballing landscape.  
Arsene Wenger is the great loyalist, the one who stayed when Real Madrid and Barcelona and however many others came calling. He is the symbol of the club. 
Judging by recent history, the Arsenal armband exerts special powers, rendering its wearer irresistible to would-be money bag buyers.


To be honest ranting is called releasing steam from the relief valve --which is your mouth. If you don't do that it could involve your leg or fist. 

So in a way it is healthy as long as the audience enjoys it--in this case, we all do, right? 

Even Van Persie would enjoy this rant.

It is about the brain exercising its primal tendency, so that the left lobe ( conscious) does NOT have to transfer it to the right lobe ( sub conscious ) during the REM sleep. It is about voicing your piece and movin' on. 

Better this than busting a capillary in your brain.





I used to keep an empty pipe in my car, to calm myself down , when I am consumed by ROAD RAGE.  It does NOT have tobacco inside.  


Just PUFF PUFF instead of RANT RANT.  

Better to do this , that to get down from the car in a huff, and bloody an alien nose.
********************************************************************
THE KOREAN BRAHMINS, KIM HEO CLAN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
INDIAN PRINCESS HEO HWANG OCK WEDS KOREAN KING KIM SOO-RO , KOREAN TEA---- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




See the video below, it shows a beautiful 16 year old Indian princess from Ayodhya, India,  who married a Korean King , 2 milleniums ago.





When my elder son was doing his ME at Cornell University, Ithaca, USA , he invariably used to prefer Korean partners for his computer science coding projects.  They were NOT short of grey matter.  If you get a dim-wit as a partner you are screwed.

You may find this surprising. Koreans of Kim_Hae clan have Indian DNA. This is the reason why they have superior brains and beauty when compared to their neighbours.



King Kim Suro is a Korean hero, for both North Koreans and South Koreans. It is a pity that South Korea cannot join hands with their estranged brothers from the North--the way East and West Germany did.

Probably the legacy of this Royal couple can unite both these countries, who are being used as pawns by the Zionist bankers ( and now the Mormons ).

When Heo arrived at Korea in 49 CE , along with her brother , Kim personally received here-- all 7 feet of him. He was struck by her great beauty and charm. She was what he had dreamt of . He named her yellow jade in Korean.

He had resisted marrying any local girl , constantly repeating that God would take care of this. Both Heo and Kim dreamt of this divine union. Her conservative father consulted astrologers and let her go to a distant land,  with her brother as guard.

Kim built a temple at the place where they had first met. She is said to have died at the grand old age of 159.  Her story is narrated in the ancient Korean history books, "Samkuksaki" and "Samkukyusa".


The pagoda is also called Chimpungtap (Wind Calming Pagoda). She also carried a potted plant of tea. This is the legend of Korean tea.




Heo's tomb lies with Kim’s at Gimhae, South Korea. 




A pagoda of a right handed Swastika depicted as fish, to appease the ocean god Varuna during the dangerous voyage to Korea can be seen there.




Members of both the Heo lineages (including the clans of Gimhae, Hayang, Taein, and Yangcheon (Gongam) and the Gimhae Kim lineage consider themselves descendants of Heo Hwang-ok and King Suro.  


Heo loved by one and all , bore Kim 10 handsome sons. Two of them chose the mother's name and the Heo clan trace their origins to this. 



Her descendants prospered and became the largest clan in Korea, the Karak, known for their intellect and character.   President of South Korea, Kim Dae-Jung is an examples.

The Gimhae Kims trace their origin to the other eight sons. There are 9 million of this Karak dynasty --Kim Kimhae clan and Heo Gimhae clan



The Korean city of Kimhae (as the Kaya city-state later came to be known as) has declared Ayodhya as its sister city.

In the epic Ramayana 4300 BC, the city of Ayodhya is cited as the birthplace of Lord Sri Rama, a Hindu God, Lord Vishnu's seventh incarnation.
The Korean vocabulary absorbed many Sanskrit words and concepts like Narak, Bhikuni, Stupa, Brahma, Indra and Nidana.
Queen Heo's importance in Korean holy pantheon can be gauged from the fact that the theme of the opening ceremony of the Busan Asian Games was "Beautiful Union," which celebrated the union between King Kim Suro and Huh Hwang-ok through a reenactment.

King Kim Suro is called the Iron king,  for he built a great and powerful great nation with his queen, currently his 77th  generation is running. How do you like that for a traced royal DNA bloodline.




Catholic Italian waitress Sonia Gandhi ,her "not so bright" son Rahul Gandhi , and her Vatican sponsors,  will NOT like this-- 



She got her crypto Hindu sycophants ( who are more loyal to her than to their motherland ) to declare that timeless city Ayodhya is a myth and a morbid delusion of ONE BILLION  Hindus.  These cryptos will be in the dustbin of Indian History.



Hindu bashing is her favourite sport. 

Heo Hwang Ock,  whose destiny took her to Korea, was also a foreigner like Sonia Gandhi, but there is a difference. 

Heo who was Korean by day as well as night , is adored -- Sonia who is Indian by day and Italian by night , is hated.




-- nor will they acknowledge Ram Sethu and Ayodhya Ram Mandir.  


What a disgrace!





See video of modern day Ayodhya, birth place of Lord Rama , avatar of Vishnu, above-- steeped in history, this holy place is motherland to 9 million Koreans.
********************************************************************
BRAHMA AND SARAWATI, ABRAHAM AND SARA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
BRAHMA AND SARAWATI,  ABRAHAM AND SARA , CHRIST AND KRISHNA , GODS COMMON TO HINDUISM, ISLAM, CHRISTIANITY, JUDAISM,  TRADE BETWEEN SEA PORTS MUZRIS IN KERALA AND BERENICE IN EGYPT RED SEA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Brahma is the Creator God of Hinduism, the oldests religion on the planet, which is 11000 years old. 

All other major religion on this planet, is an offshoot of Hinduism.



Christianity is 2000 years old, Islam is 1400 years old and we all know how old Judiasm is, no matter what their Jewish Zionist spin masters from Khazar area say.

The Jews must know however that Judea has been closely connected with Kerala, my home state. We gave refuge to thousands of Jews who sought refuge in Kerala, when they got on the wrong side of Roman emperors . 

For details Punch into google search KERALA BRIEF HISTORY OF GODS OWN COUNTRY- VADAKAYIL



Christians should know that Jesus Christ was in Kerala for 3 years learning meditation, healing and astrology. Mary Magdenene ( wife of Jesus Christ ) , Bathsheba ( mother of King Solomon ) and Queen of Sheba ( King Solomon's consort ) were all beautiful dusky skinned women with long hair.



Jesus Christ's name was Yeshua. Even today in Kerala we call him Yesu.



Jesus went from Muzris port to Berenice port in Egypt on Calicut Kings ship. From there he went by camel caravan to Egyptian pyramids, along with Mary Magdalene before he suddenly burst on the scene at Jerusalem. 

Mary Magdalene had taken a Tulsi ( Basil ) plant with her and planted it at the spot where Jesus was crucified. When Jesus was speared on his chest, his staunch disciple , Saint Thomas ( doubting Thomas ) has touched the blood to check out the wound. Saint Thomas was told by Jesus to go to Muzris . 


All Christians must know this truth.  It was the Roman custom to break the knee caps with a sledge hammer immediately after crucification.  Pontius Pilate deliberately exempted Jesus Christ , and left his legs intact on the cross.

Muzris is actually a Roman name. We call it Kodungallur ( Cranganore by british ), as it was Calicut King's cultural centre. This place has very peaceful vibes.

Muzris lost its importance after the river got silted after a great flood in 1341 AD. The Portuguese landed in Calicut ( my hometown )in 1498 AD. They were driven away by Zamorin, the Calicut king who sided with the Arab traders, who were the middle men for atleast 6000 years. 



Vasco Da Gama had no class and was a cheat. His sailors , were ridden with Pirangi Punnu ( veneral disease ) and they used to ogle at the local women, which the Arabs never did. 




Vasco Da Gama tried to impress the King with broken coloured glass and beads . 



Till 150 years ago, India was the only source of diamonds on this planet. At night his sailors used to raid farms and steal pepper vines and top soil. When this was reported to King Zamorin, he laughed and said : "They cant steal our climate!"



Kodungallur ( Muzris ) was host to the 2nd church on this planet and the 2nd mosque on this planet. 



The King of Calicut , Cheraman Perumal , when to Mecca to check out his Shiva temple ( cum trading accounts office )whose Shiva Lingam ( black meteorite stone ) was uprooted. 




This stone is now 5 feet above the ground on the SE corner of Kaaba. Cheraman Perumal conversed with Mohammed in Malayalam, and NOT Arabic.


Muzris also known as Murachipatnam in Valmiki's  Ramayana ( 4300 BC ) and Vyasa's Mahabharata ( 4000 BC ). We call it Muzhikode. The British and Portuguese have taken away the Roman gold coins from Muzris 


By the way my hometown Calicut is Kozhikode --as is mentioned in my passport. You can still see Tipu Sultan's fort in Kodungallur, with 18 feet thick walls. 

3 Portuguese mindless morons Suarez de Mendez, Duarte Pacheco Periera and Diego Fernandes Correa ransaked Muzris ( Kodungallur ) to spite the Calicut king. The strange part is that they spared the Syrian Christian churches and houses. 



They screwed the Jews , along with Hindus and Muslims.

10 years ago there was lot of activity by Zionist excavators at Berenike, of Egypt Red sea coast,  the HUB port for Europe . Berenice was just a trading port HUB like Aden and Salalah, on the Northern side of Red sea..

From Berenice the goods went by caravan till Nile and then to Cairo and Alexandria. From den and Salalah,the caravan route skirted Mecca and Petra to Jerusalem.  






They found hundreds of artifacts which they carbon dated to 3000 years ago. 



They found Bharanis ( ceramic Kerala vats ) of Malabar pepper, Hindu God statues, paya mats, diamonds, precious stones, coconuts,  cloth, canvas, spices, Kerala high diameter aged teak wood used for ship building at Beypore, Calicut.  



The Calicut port is called Beypore port.  

Even today my wife prepares pickles in Bharanis ( see picture above --an air tight vat ) . I wonder if Bharani has anything to do with Berenice. Pepper was exported in bharanis.

The Bharani edges always have some inscription in Malayalam ( Max Muller called it Karin Tamil--just to remove the Kerala Hebrew connection ). 

King Solomon's royal seal is in Malayalam.


Now regarding ABRAHAM AND SARA.




Abraham is lifted from the Hindu creator God Brahma. Sara is lifted from Brahma's wife Saraswati.

But the Brahma Saraswati converted to Abraham Sara has zilch moral standards.
Abram in Egypt --Genesis 12:1-20---New International Version (NIV)

10 Now there was a famine in the land, and Abram went down to Egypt to live there for a while because the famine was severe. 11 As he was about to enter Egypt, he said to his wife Sarai, “I know what a beautiful woman you are. 12 When the Egyptians see you, they will say, ‘This is his wife.’ Then they will kill me but will let you live. 13 Say you are my sister, so that I will be treated well for your sake and my life will be spared because of you.”

14 When Abram came to Egypt, the Egyptians saw that Sarai was a very beautiful woman. 15 And when Pharaoh’s officials saw her, they praised her to Pharaoh, and she was taken into his palace. 16 He treated Abram well for her sake, and Abram acquired sheep and cattle, male and female donkeys, male and female servants, and camels.


17 But the Lord inflicted serious diseases on Pharaoh and his household because of Abram’s wife Sarai. 18 So Pharaoh summoned Abram. “What have you done to me?” he said. “Why didn’t you tell me she was your wife? 19 Why did you say, ‘She is my sister,’ so that I took her to be my wife? Now then, here is your wife. Take her and go!” 20 Then Pharaoh gave orders about Abram to his men, and they sent him on his way, with his wife and everything he had.



In India we do NOT have too many temples for Lord Brahma,the creator. The 7000 year old Brahma temple at Thirunavazha near Calicut was sacked by Tipu Sultan. Thousands of Vedic original manuscripts on palm leaves were burnt-- a loss to humanity

Nathan Rothschild's wealth was Tipu Sultan's wealth, which his mercenary German speaking Hessian soldiers , carted away in 3 ships--TRILLIONS of US dollars worth of gold. This is the Rothschild banking financial base. Rothschild owned British East India Company who ruled India. They grew Opium in India and sold it in China.



In Judaism Abraham is the father and Sara is the mother. Hebrew scriptures claim that Sara dies at the age of 127.


Christians believe that Jesus was a descendant of Abraham. Both in Christian and Jewish traditions, Abraham is the father of Israelites, and is the father of Isaac. he has another son Ishmael through Sara's maid servant Hagar. Isaac is considered the ancestor of the Jews.



Abraham ( Ibrahim ) is the prophet of Islam and the ancestor of Mohammad, through his son Ishmael whose mother is Hagar. In Koran Abraham is mentioned in 25 chapters. Ibrahim was asked to sacrifice his son Ishmael and as he was about the sever the head, God placed a sheep under the knife. 

This is the reason for the Eid Islamic festival. On this day a sheep ( Bakri ) is slaughtered .




In the days of King Vikramaditya in 7000 BC, India ruled from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam. There is a section for Brahma in the majestic Hindu Prambanan temple at Indonesia. Saraswati is the guardian deity for Buddhism too. Buddha was an Indian.

A tablet containing this sanskrit verse from Bhagawat Gita of 4000 BC was found in the great Pyramid. It is now in the British Museum. “vasanvsi jeernani yatha vihaya, navani ghrunnati naro parani”. 


This means "as a person puts on new garment, giving up the old ones, the soul similarly accepts a new material body giving up the old and the useless ones".  This explains the ritual of the mummy making and the elaborate burial system in the Egyptian civilization where efforts are made to make the soul comfortable with all necessary things because they believed that the soul will need all these till it finds a material body. Reincarnation in short.  This is a Hindu Vedic concept.—nobody else can claim this Sanskrit verse.


Rothschild employee Max Mueller knew of this , still he stuck to his bull shit of 1859, pushing back Rig Veda ( the oldest written record of this planet ) by 2500 years , to suit Vaticans contention of the time of the Big Bang ( 4004 BC ) and Noah's arc ( 2500 BC ) .




According to Hindu Puranas, Brahma is self born and is clad in red clothes.. Hinduism mantras invoke Brahma, despite the lack of too many Brahma temples. 




Saraswati always wears white and sits on an inverted white lotus. Her Vimana ( mercury plasma vortex flying saucer ) is shaped like a swan.


The Bhavishya Purana tells us that Adama was banished from a garden of 64 square yojanas, by his father Kardama along with his wife Havyavati (Eve). Their descendants are the ‘mlecchas’ of our ancient puranas.

Lake Kailash Manasarovar, a fresh water lake , with a surface area of 420 square kilometers , was created from the mind of Lord Brahma. It is the ultimate dream of every Hindu pilgrim to take a bath and drink this pure living water. This water has memory. See video below.


Grace and peace!


The 9000 year old Bhavishya Purana tells us that Adama was banished from a garden of 64 square yojanas, by his father Kardama along with his wife Havyavati (Eve).

The Christian AMEN and the Jewish SHALOM is nothing but a lift from the Hindu King Mantra OM.   OM releases Nitric Oxide-- Amen and Shalom does nothing.  And of course Christ is Krishna.


Adam is ADHAMA , Eve is HAVYAVATI and Noah is  NYUHA as mentioned in BHAVISHYA PURANA, PRATISARGA KHAND.

Punch into Google search RESURRECTION OF THE SUN- VADAKAYIL to know how the Bible evolved.



Pythogarus ( 570 BC – 495 BC ),  Socrates ( 469 BC- 399 BC ) and Plato (727 BC to 347 BC ) studied in Kerala, India.  

The disciple of Plato Aristotle did NOT come to India , but he had very clearly written that Jews originated from Kerala in India.  Aristotle wrote that Jews came from KALANI in India.  He has written that Kalani was famous for their sages ( maharishis ).  These are the same sages who built the Egyptian pyramids.

Alexander the great went back from India via Socotra by ship, to get some life saving Aloe Vera which was a spice trade outpost of Calicut King,  like Mecca and Salalah .

This is the reason why King David took a wife from Kerala named Bath Sheba. King Solomon took a wife from Kerala named whom all call Queen Sheba.  

Jesus Christ took a wife from Kerala named Mary Magdalene.  All know that Jesus Christ suddenly sprung up at Jerusalem from nowhere.  He was in Kerala India, learning healing, meditation, science, philosophy etc.


The word 'Vatican' itself is derived from the Sanskrit word Vatika, which means Vedic  religious centers, such as Yagna-Vatika.   Vatican St Peter’s cathedral was built on top of a Shiva temple. 

The world  "Christianity" came from the Sanskrit words "Krishna-neeti", (the way of Krishna). 
********************************************************************
LEANDER BHUPATI SANIA EGO CLASHES AND INDIAN TV MEDIA, MUSINGS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
LEANDER BHUPATI SANIA EGO CLASHES , INDIAN TV  MEDIA,  IRAQI HIGHWAY 80 OF DEATH - MUSINGS - 

CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


India's best chance for a medal in the London Olympics would have been a pair of Leander Pace and Mahesh Bhupati for men's doubles and a pair of Leander Pace and Sania Mirza for the mixed doubles. 

In 1999, Bhupathi won three doubles titles with Leander Paes, including French Open and Wimbledon. He and Leander became the first doubles team to reach the finals of all four Grand Slams, the first time such a feat has been achieved in the open era and the first time since 1952. On 26 April of that year, they became the world no. 1 doubles team.

This would have happened if the immature Indian TV media had not connived to wash dirty linen in public. For them TRP ratings came before national interests.
We all know the foreign funding of these TV channels. We all know who comes at prime time on TV, to brainwash the Indian masses.
First I must put on record atruth everybody seems to ignore completely. Mahesh Bhupati has been smart enough to use his company GLOBOSPORT to gain leverage . His company manages the careers or both Sania Mirza and Rohan Boppana. There is NO way they can go against him, if they know what is good for them. It is all about money.

Sania Mirza has come on TV like Revolver Rani, spitting fire and brimstone , about the rights of woman kind. In the same breath she of course will remind us that she is still Indian and NOT Pakistani--considering she could not find a husband for herself in a huge country like India.



Even when Sania jogs to warm up , it is spectator sport.  Hope my wife does NOT see this, for she will surely kick mE ass..

OK, Sania dear, we believe you. You are still Indian at heart. Dont thrash it threadbare now--please.
And Sania was ably supported by feminist Ashwini Nachappa whose only claim to fame, is that she beat PT Usha in a race,  when she had her periods and could NOT run properly. She must know that PT Usha's 400 metres hurdles national record still stands , after 3 decades.

Leander Pais lost public sympathy, when he told on national TV that Vishnu does not have shoes to play on grass and that he knows no sh#t.  He had earlier hurt the feelings of Bopanna , by giving him a tongue leashing, after losing the doubles in Uzbekistan.
Leander PaaJI --nay-- Sir Leander, why do you preach so much. As you become senior in any profession, there is need to build some grace. You have to develop a mentor mindset. Vishnu would have been grateful to you if you had called him up privately and told him your concerns, instead of ridiculing him on national TV. 

Every sun sets, Leander. 
And Leander, you have found Mahesh Bhupathi's fitness, NOT up to your liking in the past. But then there is a time and place for everything. I myself saw you telling on TV that Mahesh has to be more honest with himself--and that too after just winning a tournament. Harsh words are like nails--they leave holes even when prised out. 

Mahesh uses Globosport to promore himself. He has jacked IATA , nay -literally pulled the carpet from under their honourable feet. No wonder IATA loves Leander, for they have an axe to grind.   

When your company, GloboSport, organised a few events which were attended by players like Serena Williams, Martina Hingis, Mary Pierce and Martina Navratilova, IATA and Mr Khanna felt all ba##s.  

Before Rothschild started selling wine, first they started their fancy International wine magazines--all benami.  These magazines gave their own wines good reviews.  During wine auctions, Rothschilds bought off their own wines through double agents , for huge ridiculous prices. Wine tasters were in their pay roll. 





So, a 1945 Chateau Mouton Rothschild Jerobaom wine bottle sold at Christie’s auction in 1997 for 114614 US dollars--65 lakh rupees,  if you please.  Well, success has its own secrets.


Pablo Picasso owned most of the major art magazines. These magazines would give his dreadful daubings - nay-paintings --amazing reviews. They would jack up costs to ridiculous levels. Picasso would buy his own paintings at this pumped up astronomical cost. Of couse he is NOT gonna pay himself.  He wont even bother to put the money from the left shirt pocket to the right pocket. This is all a charade.  Our MF Hussain did tsomething else--he craved for the limelight and this he achieved by hanging on to the petticoats of starlets and ageing stars.


Paes and Hesh should have put national interests above their petty feud. You have a responsibility to leave a legacy for the youngsters and to be role models in your sport. You should have resolved your differences. This is like Tendulkar saying that he will NOT open with Sehwag. Even No 1 Woodie brothers do NOT talk to each other, yet they are NO 1. You dont have to French kiss on court--just fuc#in' play.

I do know, like every other Indian that Leander Pace plays his heart out for India. Mahesh sould NOT expect Leander to partner him in the world circuits, when it is all about private money and personal glory. Olympic medals are for national glory.

IATA should have shown some spine and banned these rebels and made them sit out of this Olympics.  


A "MATURE" man , knows that most people are neither for him nor against him-- they are thinking about themselves and the grind of life.  He is aware that no matter what he does, some people aren’t going to love him – he will think in absolutes, and is able to be objective even when deeply stirred emotionally.  He is not addicted to self pity and resentment, like our two champions.  In a mature relationship, there is acceptance— there is no covert attempt to change or straitjacket the other. Enjoy the differences.  Maturity is the  ability to bear an injustice without wanting to get even. When you cannot forgive someone you are chained to him by hatred and bitterness. Mature people have the ability to focus on important things . They will not allow yesterday to use too much of today.There is no reality — only perception. It is up to you to perceive things the way you want to. 

Right now Leander and Mahesh have one foot in the past and one in the future--and both are pissing on the present. 

Way to go, guys! 

Indian TV must make sure they never get fathers to argue their son's case on TV. What a joke! Our TV channel coverage is getting from bad to worse.
MASSACRE OF IRAQI RETREATING TROOPS ON 

HIGHWAY 80--WAR CRIME.

In compliance with UN Resolution 660, Iraqi forces began their withdrawal from Kuwait on February 26, 1991.  Saddam Hussein proactively announced this on Baghdad radio the same day and eye witnesses in Kuwait confirmed that Iraqi forces were leaving that afternoon. 

White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater declared that US forces would not attack Iraqi forces in retreat, as they were doing so in compliance with UN resolution 660 of 2nd Aug 1990 . Saddam made the mistake of trusting Bush and Rothschild agency UN , and did NOT take hostages from Kuwait with him.



When Saddam Hussain's elite troops were withdrawing from Kuwait, with a UN sponsored white flag --they bombed the first and last trucks of the 60 miles long convoy, effectively boxing them into a huge traffic jam , and making them sitting ducks -- and decimated them with Napalm, Phosphorus incendiary bombs, outlawed under 1977 Geneva protocol.  



They finished off the job from air and from land. Mechanized artillary units were in ambush overlooking from nearby hills. The whole job was quick and calculated, and apparently cannot be done without direct sanction from President Bush.



A huge percentage of them were half alive, we are talking about several thousands, when waiting bulldozers ( tanks specially fitted with bulldozer blades ) operated by mercenaries shoved them into more than 50 guge ready made large ditches on the road side and covered them with sand. 

No pictures of the heinous WAR CRIME were allowed to be taken . 

CNN REPORTED ONLY WHAT THEIR ZIONIST MASTERS WANTED-- CANT YOU SEE THE IDEA OF EMBEDDED REPORTERS?



60 long miles of double line convoy of 2100 trucks laden with soldiers who have wives and children. 



No clues! Deceit , most foul. 


Yes, from the champions of liberty and justice! 



One pilot in tears on TV said, it was like shooting fish in a barrel. Later, all those involved in this cowardly operation developed psychological problems. 




For 60 miles every vehicle was strafed or bombed, every windshield lay shattered, every tank was burned, every truck wa riddled with shell holes. 



Soldiers crying out in pain--some running helter-skelter , with own bodies burning.  

A MAD KILLING FIELD OF UN-BELIEVABLE DIMENSION.



General Schwarzkopf smugly estimated that 100,000 Iraqi soldiers had been eliminated. 
 The sheer amount of explosive tonnage dropped over Iraq exposes the bull of surgical strikes. Air Force General McPeak, Air Force commanding general, proudly proclaimed, “Probably the first time in history that a field army has been defeated by air power,” estimated that some 88,500 tons of bombs have been dropped in over 109,000 sorties flown by a total of 2,800 fixed-wing aircraft"

Hey, McDonald nay McPeak-- you call this cowardy air bombing, victory?  Oh Yeah! we know there was a ticker tape parade for the victors, back home in USA. 





In part, they include:
 ■2,095 HARM missiles
 ■217 Walleye missiles
 ■5,276 guided anti-tank missiles
 ■44,922 cluster bombs and rockets
 ■136,755 conventional bombs
 ■4,077 guided bombs
Among other controversial weapons are cluster bombs and anti-personnel bombs which contain a large number of small bomblets inside a large casing. Upon impact the little bombs are dispersed over a wide area and then explode. Using cluster bombs, a single B-52 can deliver more than 8,000 bomblets in a single mission. A total of about 60,000 to 80,000 cluster bombs were dropped.
US denied that they used Napalm on Iraqi troops and they did it only to ignite oil in oil filled trenches, to burn off dead bodies. 
If so who set the Kuwaiti oil rigs on fire , (which reduced the clamour for war crimes investigation) --which allowed AMERICAN oil companies to have monopoly of Kuwaiti and Iraqi oil?














There was a concerted effort by the Pentagon and the White House to discredit any reports of US action in the Gulf War that did not agree with the Pentagon's official version of those events.  


The massacre of withdrawing Iraqi soldiers violates the Geneva Conventions of 1949, Common Article III, which outlaws the killing of soldiers who are out of combat. Manipulation of US press briefings to deceive the public and keep the massacre from the world is also a violation of the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, the right of the people to know.

What happened here on Highway 80 is just an encore of what happened to surrendered German POWs after the 2nd World War.  Punch into Google search GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST OF GERMAN POWS- VADAKAYIL, and be shocked!

Every night of the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC, both parties used to attend each others funerals , grieve for the dead and console the immediate relatives. I doubt victor Indians can even imagine decimating a retreating Pakistani army, after the Bangladesh war.

WOLF BLITZER WANNABE ARNAB GOSWAMI
 


Arnab Goswami of Times now , is nowadays a Wolf Isac Blitzer wannabe.
I do hope all of you know that Reuters and CNN are Rothschild Zionist channels. Blitzer who knows Hebrew , studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. .He writes for several Israeli newspapers in Washington, Blitzer has used the names Zev Blitzer and Zev Barak
He is a powerful member of IAPAC. Blitzer was in the CNN team that was awarded a Golden ACE award for their 1991 Gulf war coverage from the Zionist perspective, hiding all the atrocities on Iraqi innocents.
Wolf Blitzer is a Jew, and is a Rothschild plant in CNN. All US presidents know that. They don't mess with Wolf.


During the 2nd World war, Winston Churchill and Lord Mountbatten were Rothschild's plants. Churchills'mother was Rothschilds. Mountattens wife was Rothschilds. For the uninitaited, Rothschilds bankers and their Zionist network, rules the world.

Wolf Blitzer played the key role in establishing a back channel of communications between Israel and the White House by introducing President Carter's General Counsel, Robert Lipshutz, to New York Zionist businessman Leon Charney, a close friend of then Israeli Defense Minister Ezer Weizman. The flow of information between Weizman and Carter, via Charney and Lipshutz, contributed to finalizing the peace agreement between Israel and Egypt- attaboy!. 




I am sure our Arnab baby, can never ever match McWolf -- 

you are way out of league --   brokering deals between Presidents,  inventing war news,  being the media henchman of this planet's richest Jewish Zionist banker, rubbing shoulders with frightened US Presidents , getting Senators to chuckle at your silly jokes--
********************************************************************
MANMOHAN SINGH THE UNDERACHIEVER, TIME MAGAZINE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MANMOHAN SINGH THE UNDERACHIEVER, TIME MAGAZINE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, who has long been lauded by the West ( after the Nuclear deal ) for his pivotal role in liberalising the Indian economy, has been dubbed as an "underachiever" by TIME magazine which says he appears "unwilling to stick his neck out" on reforms that will put the country back on growth path.

The magazine said at a time when India cannot afford a slowdown in economic growth, "laws that could help create growth and jobs are stuck in Parliament ( READ AS JEWISH WALMART ), sparking concerns that politicians have lost the plot in their focus on shorter-term, populist measures that will win votes."

As an Indian I feel for Manmohan Singh, a clean man, a man of reasonable intellect.  


Time magazine magazine has called him a LOSER.  

In this hour of emotional distress, we Indians stand by you. 

FU#K OFF! TIME MAGAZINE! 
India is doing better that almost all other countries on this planet. We have our own complex  internal compulsions which you will NOT understand.
India is NOT Singapore. 

We know that your boss is a AIPAC member and also a member of the Jewish Rothschild inner Bilderberg Club. 

Nobody should pass a judgement on MMS without finding out what this Bilderberg Club is all about. 
S&P, Fitch etc who downgraded India are all Rothschild Zionist stooges.

Punch into google search THE SHREWD CLUB WITHIN THE NAIVE BILDERBERG CLUB-VADAKAYIL. 

You can call a whacko as "mentally challenged" or veneral disease as " sexually transmitted disease"-- nobody gets fooled.   


Time has called our PM a loser--we will NOT take this lying down. 


All because he has NOT been able to push the FDI in multi-brand retail, despite the best efforts of Sonia Gandhi, the foreign funded Indian TV and media. 
We know which all TV channels gave excessive prime time coverage to Suni Bharti Mittal, and Anand Sharma, when both were extolling the virtues of Walmart in India-literally Walmart are the messiahs of India , right? 

I just went through the Internet. there is NOT a single good word about Italian Madame Sonia Gandhi, except fom her servile sychophants, like Kapil Sibal, Anand Sharma, Ambika Soni  etc.

Poor ManmohanJI has got into this state just because he did NOT have the guts to tell Italian Madame where to get off.  

This Italian woman has no accountability, no responsibility, no vision, no knowledge --yet she wants to pull strings.  With power comes accountability--but this will NOT apply to our queen bee, as she always stays out of the line of fire-- 

--no more, madame!

We all know she wants to make her "not so bright" son Rahul Gandhi the next Prime Minister. Quatrocchi was so bold that he used to enter the defence and finance ministry and shout at the babus. They used to get up from their seats in fright.  

MMS, you must demonstrate your guts , by exposing the black money stashed away by individuals in UPA. We all know who they are.  Let Time magazine bark like S&P and Fitch. We Indians know they are NOT the wellwishers of India. They just want to make money in India. It is all about fulfilling AIPAC and Zionist Jew expectations.
 Before you quit as PM, introduce bold reforms. Get BJP with you and try to modify this system of regional parties like Trinamool, DMK , BSP etc calling the shots in Central Governance. If any party must be in the Central Govt, they cannot be winners in just one state. For example DMK should be able to win atleast 10 lok Sabha seats outside Tamil speaking areas. If BJP knows what is good for India , and is a patriotic party, they will support you. 

India cannot be led by any person whose DNA is NOT Indian. This leaves out Sonia Gandhi--but allows Rahul and Priyanka ( she could be a good PM)  to be in the race.  Only then Congress and BJP can work together.

By the way, Indians want to know:--
--why is DLF and billionaire KP Singh, so fond of Robert Vadra? What is the catch?
--why Robert Vadra's Christian father was cremated ( buried means cadaver can be exhumed for post mortem , right? ) after he commited suicide? -- and how his brother and sister died, all this after he publicly disowned his family.
-- the role of Amartya Sen ( whose wife is Rothschild ) in "not so bright" Rahul Gandhi getting a M.Phil degree from Cambridge university, Trinity College, for developmental economics--a great hop ,step and jump all in the air--without BA and MA.

When Rajiv Gandhi became PM, he ensured that the Haryana government changed its local law to allow private developers, which benefitted DLF the most, in the time of Licence Raj.   DLF has repaid the favor by extended loans to various companies owned by Robert Vadra, a non-entity before marriage , with a Scottish mother. Some of these are unsecured loans or debt without any collateral.  Priyanka must be careful, that he husband does NOT drag her down along with him.  After all he had disowned his own family.  Indian’s are no longer shy of exposing the dynasty.

Sonia's whole SECULAR agenda has been to use her crypto Hindu servants to bash Hinduism--which makes Vatican very happy. 

Ex-President Abdul Kalam has written in his auto-biography that he would have had NO choice if Sonia had not withdrawn her name from being PM.  Why did she withdraw her name , at the last minute? -- and then pretend to be Joan of Arc , as if she made a huge sacrifice-- causing tearful  sycophants to beat on their collective chests ?  

BJP leader Sushma Swaraj threatened to shave off her own head --and that would have woken up India. 

If foreign DNA Sonia Gandhi had become PM 9 years ago, instead of Manmohan Singh , by now all of India's secrets would have been leaked to the West , via Italy, and India would been converted to Christianity, the way YSR did it in Andhra Pradesh using state machinery and funds. We Indians must thank Subramanyam Swami for saving India and Indians , by raking up her Italian passport / citizenship details.








Under Section 5(C) of India's Citizenship Act, she became eligible to register herself as a citizen of India on February 25, 1973. She married Rajiv Gandhi on 25th Feb 1968.  But, she chose to continue as an Italian citizen. Mrs Sonia Gandhi applied for Indian citizenship on April 7, 1983. The application was found to be grossly incomplete - in that it did not have any statement by her affirming that she had renounced her Italian citizenship. Nor was there any official document to this effect. On April 27, 1983, the Ambassador for Italy obliged and sent a letter, saying, on her behalf, that she had renounced her Italian citizenship,and she became a citizen of India on April 30th 1983. . Even though she was not a citizen of India, Mrs Sonia Gandhi's name was smuggled on to the electoral rolls effective January 1, 1980. In 1982, an objection was raised about her being smuggled on to the electoral rolls without being a citizen of India. The objection was found valid and her name was struck off the electoral rolls in the later part of 1982. But, once again, affairs were so managed that, even though Mrs Sonia Gandhi had not become a citizen of India till then, her name was once again smuggled back on to the electoral rolls effective January 1, 1983.


Almost the whole of the Indian segment of the Internet is saying that MMS is remote controlled by Sonia madame. Why did you allow things to deteriorate to this stage MMS?

Are you not a man?  

Sonia has USED your honesty to her personal advantage -- pretty much the same way she USED defence minister Antony's honesty.  Italian Catholic Madame twisted her Christian poodle Antony's paw , to  write a report on the reason why Congress was decimated in UP elections. And poor Antony blamed everybody else except Yuvraj in waiting -Rahul Gandhi. 


We must remind ourselves that CNN-IBN had given the "Greatest achiever Indian" prize to rahul for --hold your breath--single handedly reviving the fortunes of Congress in UP , just last year. So there goes Antony's honesty halo.


To be frank,  yuvraj Rahul-JI has lost his cocky " born to rule" body language , nowadays. Indians has started to realise the worth of Lal Bahadur Shastri, Atal Biharee Vajpayee and Narasimharao--who were free from the "family first" rule of the Nehru family.


So Captain Sonia Gandhi would say " I took my ship from here to there, I loaded so and so cargo, I guided my ship through so and so storms BLAH BLAH -- and finally WE ran aground and sank. 



She will never take the blame as a leader, she will only take credit.



Do NOT resign just because Time magazine wants you to resign, to pave the way for Rahul Gandhi. Just show some strength. Have some self respect. Dont allow people like Sonia and Rahul , to trample on your turban. 

We dont think the No 1 quality of a politician should be honesty. We want strong governance like Narendra Modi in Gujarat. There is NO need to please everybody.

Tell the Italian waitress to lay off. Did she not force you to sell off our Nuclear rights to the Zionist west?.  Did she not put a sick joke like Puran Poli-- nay-- servile Prathiba Patil on the President's chair?

Let her continue prowling for YSR type crypto Hindus whom she can use for converting poor Hindus to Christianity. We shall see how far she goes.

Only clever Lalu Prasad Yadav has spoken about the role of foreign funded NGOs like (desh-drohi Trojan horses, in the garb of messiahs ), Team Anna in whipping up all the negative propaganda. Sensex and Dollar rates depend on market sentiments and perceptions -- there is nothing concrete.

Please see the video below. 

TIME is run by Zionist Jews.












Over the past decades, pro-Israel billionaires and influential Jews made serious attempts to take over the media companies of the United States and promote their interests this way. 
There are several such instances which show that the media in the United States have simply lost their independence and succumbed to the Zionist lobbies. Whoever tries to cross the red line by touching on this issue will be silenced, even at the cost of switching off the beacon of freedom! 
A Gallup poll has revealed that a record majority of Americans fundamentally do not trust the mass media and believe it to be politically biased.
When asked how much confidence they have in newspapers, TV and Radio to accurately report events, 60% of Americans surveyed said that they generally have “not very much or none at all”.
Theres is absolute Jewish-Zionist stranglehold on the American media, especially the so-called agenda-setters. The Zionist cabal controlling the American media had only one mantra to invoke, one cause to serve, and one goal to achieve, namely Israel and making easy money. 
Every other consideration, whether professional ethics or simple honesty, was subject to Zionist expediency. Jews have been very effective in pressuring media they don't like with negative economic consequences, such as advertizing boycotts. This is true whether the media is Jewish-owned or not
If Americans do NOT trust TIME, why should we Indians?

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WHAT DO I STAND FOR? - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SOME NIGHTS






Some nights, I stay up cashing in my bad luck
Some nights, I call it a draw
Some nights, I wish that my lips could build a castle
Some nights, I wish they'd just fall off


But I still wake up, I still see your ghost
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for oh
What do I stand for? What do I stand for?
Most nights, I don't know anymore...
oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh
oh woah, oh woah, oh woah oh oh



This is it, boys, this is war - what are we waiting for?
Why don't we break the rules already?
I was never one to believe the hype - save that for the black and white
I try twice as hard and I'm half as liked, but here they come again to jack my style



And that's alright; I found a martyr in my bed tonight
She stops my bones from wondering just who I am, who I am, who I am
Oh, who am I? Oh, who am I? mmm... mmm...



Well, some nights, I wish that this all would end
Cause I could use some friends for a change
And some nights, I'm scared you'll forget me again
Some nights, I always win, I always win...



But I still wake up, I still see your ghost
Oh Lord, I'm still not sure what I stand for, oh
What do I stand for? What do I stand for?
Most nights, I don't know... (come on)



So this is it? I sold my soul for this?
Washed my hands of that for this?
I miss my mom and dad for this?



No. When I see stars, when I see, when I see stars, that's all they are
When I hear songs, they sound like this one, so come on
Oh, come on. Oh, come on, OH COME ON!



Well, this is it guys, that is all - five minutes in and I'm bored again
Ten years of this, I'm not sure if anybody understands
This one is not for the folks at home; Sorry to leave, mom, I had to go
Who the fuck wants to die alone all dried up in the desert sun?



My heart is breaking for my sister and the con that she call "love"
But when I look into my nephew's eyes...
Man, you wouldn't believe the most amazing things that can come from...
Some terrible lies...ahhh...



oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh
oh woah, oh woah, oh woah, oh oh



The other night, you wouldn't believe the dream I just had about you and me
I called you up, but we'd both agree
It's for the best you didn't listen
It's for the best we get our distance... oh...
It's for the best you didn't listen
It's for the best we get our distance... oh...



During the American war of Independence Rothschilds financed and manned both sides-- the red coats and the blue coats. They used German speaking Hessian merceneries funded by Opium money.

Punch into Google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL.




EVERYBODY LOSES IN WAR! 

IT IS JUST WHO LOSES MORE!

IT IS NOTHING BUT PLAIN MURDER ,  UNDER A CLOAK OF WAR!



Grace and peace!

The Egyptian Sphinx is the Vishnu avatar Narasimham.  When offshoots break off from the main religion or culture they mirror it.   So Sphinx has face of man and body of lion.  

For example Buddha Swastika is left handed while Vedic Swastika is right handed. At Mecca the pilgrims go around the horizontal Shiva Lingam black stone 7 times anti-clockwise, while older religion Hinduism ( by 10000 years )  go 7 times clockwise around the vertical black meterorite stone. Yanks have LH drive while Brits have RH drive etc.
********************************************************************
ODE TO RAJESH KHANNA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ODE TO RAJESH KHANNA-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Rajesh Khanna , a living legend, passed away today. It is the end of an era.

He was India's ONLY megastar--the phenomenon.  

Amitabh Bachchan can never surpass him.  

He was lead man in 128 movies, with 15 consecutive super-hits, which is a record which is hard to beat.. He captivated with soft dialogue delivery.

He was the charmer, with a trademark disarming smile--the quintessential romantic. Girls would swoon in a heap  on just seeing him. 

Old women would turn mushy -- such was his appeal as the ultimate "desi lover",  soft-- caring- tender-- sensitive--

Girls married his photos and put blood as sindhur.  

His car used to be covered with lip-stick marks. 


Girls proposed to him by writing passionate letters in blood. 

He was the only Bollywood star who could generate frenzy and mass hysteria.  Nothing was stage managed as is usual nowadays.


Kids adored their Haathi mere Saathi uncle. Even today the oldies get goose bumps when they hear the song " roop tera mastana "of Aradhana ( with Sharmila in wet clothes in front of the fire )

From 1969 to 1971, it was a one horse race in Bollywood. Who could race against King Midas?


He was NOT a star son.  He had NO god mother like Indira Gandhi , who wrote a recommendation letter for Amitabh Bachchan.


Can there be another, ever again?



When I was in school, plain guys wore his guru shirts and kurta, sported his hair style and they got the best lookin' gals.

ENJOY one of his songs from the 1971 movie Anand.  




Here he is dying from blood cancer, yet cheerful.





zindagi …
 kaisi hai paheli, haaye
 kabhi to hansaaye
 kabhi ye rulaaye
 zindagi …
 kaisi hai paheli, haaye
 kabhi to hansaaye
 kabhi ye rulaaye

kabhi dekho man nahin jaage
 peechhe peechhe sapnon ke bhaage
 he kabhi dekho man nahin jaage
 peechhe peechhe sapnon ke bhaage
 ek din sapnon kaa raahi
 chalaa jaaye sapnon ke aage kahaan
 zindagi …
 kaisi hai paheli, haaye
 kabhi to hansaaye
 kabhi ye rulaaye

 jinhone sajaaye yahaan mele
 sukh-dukh sang-sang jhele
 he jinhone sajaaye yahaan mele
 sukh-dukh sang-sang jhele
 wahi chunkar khaamoshi
 yoon chale jaaye akele kahaan
 zindagi …
 kaisi hai paheli, haaye
 kabhi to hansaaye
 kabhi ye rulaaye

  

[Zindagi ...kaisi hai paheli, haaye

 Kabhi to hansaaye

 kabhi ye rulaaye] - 2



[Kabhi dekho man nahi jaage

 peechhe peechhe sapno ke bhaage] - 2

 Ek din sapno ka raahi

 chalaa jaaye sapno se aage kaha

 Zindagi ...kaisi hai paheli, haaye

 Kabhi to hansaaye

 kabhi ye rulaaye



[Jinhone sajaaye yaha mele

 sukh-dukh sang-sang jhele] - 2

 Wahi chunkar khaamoshi

 yu chali jaaye akele kaha

 Zindagi ...kaisi hai paheli, haaye

 Kabhi to hansaaye

 kabhi ye rulaaye


What's life, its but a puzzle

it makes you laugh and then it makes you cry
Oh heart, keep dreamin', -- don't wake up
follow my dreams
when my dream goes beyond dreams , where do I go?
what's life?
Ye, who organised melas here
who shared happy times and sad times too
Ye who choose to be silent
where will you go?


Tina Munim could NOT marry him, as his first wife Dimple who married him in haste at the age of 16, (above ) would NOT divorce him.  

Dimple left him to pursue here own Bollywood career.  Estranged wife Dimple was at his bedside when he died--she did take care of him during his final bed ridden days.


Tina Munim after waiting enough, then married Anil Ambani of Reliance , one of this planets richest men.  She used to share Rajesh Khanna's  toothbrush, when they lived together from 1981 to 1987.


Wonder how she feels today.



RIP Kaka, your music stopped today-- the melody will linger forever!








Kahin Door Jab﻿ Din Dhal Jaye 

saanjh Ki Dulhan Badan Churaaye Chupake Se Aaye 

mere Kayaalon Ke Aangan Mein 

koi Sapanon Ke Deep Jalaaye Deep Jalaaye 

kahin Door Jab

  

Kabi Yuhi Jab Huyi, Bojhal﻿ Saansen

bhar Aayi, Baithe Baithe, Jab Yuhin Aankhen /2x] 

tabhi Machala Ke, Pyaar Se Chal Ke 

chhuye Koyi Mujhe Par, Nazar Na Aaye, Nazar Na Aaye 

kahin Door Jab

far away, the day is over
dusk creeps in like a shy bride
in my garden of thoughts
someone lights my lamp of dreams
Often the breath gets heavy
eyes well with tears for no reason
someone unseen touches me
far away, the day is over--

The era of the "angry young man" arrived , when "the king of romance" Rajesh Khanna refused the lead role in Dewaar, unless some changes were introduced. 


Amitabh Bachchan was taken instead. 

Rest is history.
********************************************************************
FRANCISCO PIZARRO , HERNAN CORTES, GENOCIDE BY SMALL POX BIOLOGICAL WARFARE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

ETHNIC CLEANSING MOST FOUL -- THE GREAT WHITE CHRISTIAN LIE ABOUT THE DEATH OF A GLORIOUS AZTEC CIVILIZATION - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




This post has been well researched.

Several of my senior officers on ships I commanded were Peruvians.

I even had a pure INCA as my Chief Officer. The first thing I told him after speaking to him for 5 minutes is that he is very much like a Indian.

The untold Indian culture of the Incas will be another post. The Incas are of Indian Hindu descent. Maya Danava made their Mayan calendar. It is the same as the Indian calendar.


This post will expose the WHITE LIE of the great courage and resourceful leadership of two Spanish men Hernan Cortez and Francisco Pizarro who conquered Central and South America. A few hundred Spanish conquered millions of natives.

What it bravery in combat?

BULLSHIT!

It was deceit most foul -- the trademark style of Vatican and Pope.

Several years ago I had gone to Trujillo, a sleepy town in Spain to see the monument of Francisco Pizarro. I was amazed at this man's bravery.

Not any more.


Today I will refuse to even PISS ON HIS GRAVE.


 The Spanish conquest of South America was well planned.

They transported the Small pox virus scabs ( in dried powdered form ) to Haiti.

All the white Christian man's history books lie. There was hardly any close combat. The glorious Inca empire was terminated by the use of Small pox virus , to DELIBERATELY exterminate the natives like cockroaches.

The poor Incas were bewildered and totally demoralized --how is that only they died--why is it that the white invader was spared.  Was their god Jesus Christ more powerful?

Only soldiers who were immune to Small Pox were chosen for the South American and Central American campaign.

Pizarro and Cortes were second cousins.


Pizarro was illegitimate and illiterate . He was a swineherd in his young age. But he had a plus point, which would see him rise to fame and glory. he was immune to Small Pox having had the disease before, just like his relative Cortez.


What Small pox cold NOT do, both this serpents did by divide and rule. They drove one tribe against the other by lies and deception--pretty much the same way a few thousand British rules millions of Indians for 400 years. They were our guests and we treated them like gods, as it required by our Hindu Dharma.

Digression: Today let the Brits fight with India ( say over an imaginary Falklands ala Argentina  ) and they we see for themselves how swiftly and decisively we will deal with them . Try your deception with us once more-- if you please.

Anyway--back to our Pizarro.


Pizarro went by Papal decree, to steal , kill and convert. And he did , and how! Wonder how Pope subverts Jesus Christ's teachings to suit himself.


What ever your read in history books or even Wikipedia about Pizarro and Cortez is all cock and bull.

 At the time of discovery, the kingdom of Peru stretched from southern Colombia all the way to Chile and even the western regions of Argentina and Bolivia. It contained advanced forms of agriculture and irrigation, modern architecture, urban planning and administration, and a formalized military. The Spaniards, on the other hand, were an impoverished lot of men, volunteers from the civilian population, hired on dreams of gold.



Reports of Peru's riches and Cortés's success in Mexico tantalized Pizarro and he undertook two expeditions to conquer the Incan Empire in 1524 and in 1526. Both failed as a result of native hostilities, bad weather, and lack of provisions--on paper. He succeeded in spreading the Small pox virus. Powdered scabs were infused into blankets and given as presents to the unsuspecting natives. The killer epidemic spread like wildfire.

 His first target was the great Incan Emperor Huayna Cupec, after receiving a gift . The king died of small pox, as did his immediate heir Ninan Cuyuchi. Cupec had two sons from different wives. There was indeed a power struggle fuelled by divide and rule tactics of the Spanish. 



Younger prince Atahuallpa  was helped by the Spanish invaders to assassinate the heir to the throne prince Huascar. Huascar was killed by Pizarro himself. There was no civil war as is written by vested historians. King Atahuallpa was run on remote control by Fransico Pizarro, who married into the family.

Pizarro sent an invitation to the Inca to dine with him. Seated on a litter, an unarmed Atahualpa entered the plaza where Pizarro’s troops had set up an ambush.

Now that Pizarro had a firm footing,  he accused Atahuallpa of killing his own brother and the rightful heir and put him to trial. A mock trial was held and King Atahualpa was sentenced to death by burning.

 He was horrified, since the Inca believed that the soul would not be able to go on to the afterlife if the body were burned.


Friar Vicente de Valverde, told Atahualpa that if he agreed to convert to Catholicism, and give a huge ransom of gold , he would convince Pizarro to commute the sentence. Atahualpa agreed to be baptized into the Catholic faith. He was given the name Juan Santos Atahualpa in honor of the feast day of the beheading of St. John the Baptist, which falls on August 29.



Noticing Pizarro's  lust for precious metals, Atahualpa filled a large room about 22 feet long and 17 feet wide up to a height of 8 feet  once with gold and twice with silver .


Pizarro betrayed the trust and he  strangled the King with a garrote on August 29, 1533.  Following his execution, his clothes and some of his skin were burned, and his remains were given a Christian burial. Atahualpa was succeeded by his brother, the puppet Inca Túpac Huallpa  , and later by another brother Manco Inca.  Both were killed by small pox. Then Atahualpa's nephew Tupac Amaru was killed in 1592 --and the Inca royal lineage was terminated.


By 1572 there was a complete smear campaign in place against Atahualpa, who was called a cruel tyrant and worse. The Spanish, it was argued, had “saved” the Andean people from this “ Inca demon.”, who tortured his brother to death.


By taking advantage of the natives, Pizarro ruled Peru for almost a decade and initiated the decline of Inca culture. The Incas’ polytheistic religion was replaced by Christianity and both Quechua and Aymara — the main Inca languages — were reduced to a marginal role in society for centuries, while Spanish became the official language of Peru, Ecuador, Bolivia and Chile. The cities of the Inca Empire were transformed into Spanish, Catholic cities.



Pizarro massacred the weakened Incas, destroyed their culture and ruined an entire civilization. He ruined most of their monuments, and then wiped out the places that they lived and worshiped.



Quarrels between Pizarro and his longtime comrade-in-arms Diego Almagro culminated in the Battle of Las Salinas. Almagro was captured and executed, and, on 26 June 1541, his embittered son assassinated Pizarro in Lima.


 The disease decimated the Incan population, paving the way for Pizarro's paltry troops to conquer a once-vast nation. "So complete was the chaos that Francisco Pizarro was able to seize an empire the size of Spain and Italy combined with a force of 168 men," writes Charles Mann in "1491".

Cortés took control of Mexico. The population of Mexico, estimated at 30 million at the time, shrank to just 2 million by 1568 and approximately 1.2 million by 1620. Small pox did the job.


 Within the 130 years following Columbus more than 96 percent of the Americas' inhabitants died


The Red Indians of North America and the Aborigines of Australia were killed by the Christian English speaking white man, the same way Pizarro did --with Small Pox virus. Never mind the history books, never mind the encyclopedias--THIS IS THE NAKED TRUTH.


One of the most clearly documented conspiracies to employ this weapon comes from the letters and papers of Lord Jeffery Amherst,  the British commander-in-chief for America in 1763.  His hardliner policies against Native Americans in the Great Lakes region had sparked  Pontiac, the great chief  of the Ottawa tribe,  to rise up against the British troops.   Amherst wanted victory at any cost.  To defeat the tribes,  he approved the use of smallpox blankets to,  as he said,  ”Extirpate this execrable Race.”


Smallpox was finally eradicated in 1979, a fact officially recognized by the World Health Organization in 1980.



Within 15 years, between 1519 to 1533, the Western world discovered and brutally destroyed three civilizations - the Aztecs of Mexico, Maya of Yuacatan and Guatemala and Inca of Peru.

Here is bizarre logic from the horse's mouth.
During his recent trip to Latin America , Pope Benedict XVI offended millions when he arrogantly suggested that Catholicism had purified indigenous populations, and called the resurgence of indigenous religions a step backward.  He also said the native populations were longing for Christianity, and had welcomed the Catholic priests at the time of European conquest.

Even the hardcore Christians were stunned and ashamed at such blatant WHITE LIES!

So there we have it— the mindless Vatican version . The invasion and conquest of the Americas , which caused the deaths of upwards of 96 percent of the indigenous population, was something the Indians had been pining for all along. 

They weren't just "asking for it," as sexist cranks depict women as complicit in their own rapes. They were actually "longing" for it, since salvation and "purification" came with it…

The below video shows the Christian white man's loaded version-- where Pizarro is BRAVE and not a COWARD.
********************************************************************
JEWISH RUSSIAN MAFIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




JEWISH RUSSIAN MAFIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A few years ago, I had my Russian Chief Engineer requesting all his balance of wages in big currency notes. He had NOT been sending his monthly allotments, like the other officers. 

So while paying him off, I was constrained to ask him, what is the plan? How does he ever hope to take more than 50K US dollars , without getting nabbed. You must remember that every cent is hard earned. There is NO easy money at sea, especially on Chemical Tankers. 

He showed me his abdomen pouch belts and leg straps. I felt sad for him. He was NOT confident of the banks back home. They could just shut down and disappear. It was he who told me about the Russian Mafia, which was basically Jewish- and most of the big guns had Israeli passports. 


Above visa rules are to facilitate drug runners and criminals, who are on the run.  Zionists use Russian Jewish hitmen .

Let us talk about Goa , in India. Today all are crying about the Russian mafia, holding benami land, running drugs , running guns, running whore houses with blue eyed beauties --and nobody can do a jack to them, as they have the top politicians and police in their palms. They have opened out foreign bank accounts , for these desh-drohis, and knew how to twist their arms. Worst case scenario,they would just kill them and their entire families. There is NO way out , once you get involved with drug mafia. 


Today Goa is used as a hub to produce and market drugs like CK-1 pills ( Calvin Klein ) and  Ecstasy pills .. CK1 pills reach all the huge university campuses , like Manipal Town of India, and go as far as Delhi Bangalore, and Chennai.  CK1 pills are also known as Blizzard. CK1 is readily available in Candolim, Baga, Calangute, Anjuna, Vagator and Arambol. These synthetic drugs are also exported back to India at higher rates.




The police raids rave parties and get these pills, and they do know that these drugs come from Goa. Like how Bangkok is for perverted flesh tourism, Goa will soon be the drug tourism destination-- it is already probably No 3 destination on the planet. Most of the Goan CK1 pills go abroad. 


In the traffic of ecstasy, one can say for certain that the Jewish mafia holds a monopoly.. A pill of ecstasy gives a feeling of strength and well-being for a few hours, but it is above all a veritable chemical garbage bin. Its long-term effects are alarming because irreversible: memory loss; behavioral, sleep, and concentration problems; brain lesions in the children of druggie mother.



 The premier producer is Holland, but the big traffickers who were arrested ten years ago in France, Belgium, the United States, or Australia, all have Israeli passports. The business of ecstasy is 100% in the hands of Jewish gangsters. 


The couriers of these pills are young girls in the age range of 16 to 18.  The Indian law has been accommodated to facilitate these young foreign girl couriers.  There can be NO life imprisonment or death penalty for such girls below 18 as per Indian law. The moment a young Christian girl or Jewish girl is arrested, she must be body searched --immediately.  

They hide these pills in the orifices of their body in condoms and lubricated chargers. Trojan horses like foreign funded NGOs will jump into the fray, crying foul about human rights.  Most of our TV and media are all funded by Zionist Jews. These journalists are mercenaries and NOT patriots. 


Above -- Scarlett Keeling, a 15 year old British tourist who was murdered in Goa  . Her diary contents released by Goa police , revealed that for a 15 year old girl she was very familiar with sex, drugs and alcohol.

CBI should investigate and find out who are these Ministers in the Goa govt and the Police officers who are in the mafia pay roll. The ones who are too deep into the drug facilitation business and afraid that their cars will be booby trapped, or they will die in auto accidents. These desh-drohis should be jailed and the keys thrown away into the Arabian sea. The average local Goan knows who these filthy rich ministers and policemen are. if necessary the army should be used in mufti.   


Even if a local Goan gives secret information to the police, the mafia gets to know withing the hour. And then they will arm twist them to silence.  Local policemen should be transferred every 3 months, as a rotation policy. It is NOT a difficult job to unearth black money in Goa. 


Goa is now the place where International criminals come to cool their heels, till they do another heist job. Entire villages have been bought by benami means. Here the shack signs which sell drugs are in Russian. 



If you are too inquisitive you will be quietly threatened with dire consequences. And mind you-- these people kill. The areas where drugs are manufactured and wholesaled , is OUT OF BOUNDS even to the locals. 


 All the police have to do is to find large quantities of currency in these shacks--to pin them. The immigration should have a database on who all have expired visas. More hidden cameras must be installed, like the way they do in London. Tourists with Israeli passports should be finger printed and cornea printed.  


Bollywood industry extras who dance in the background are mostly escort girls. Out door locations and foreign jaunts are the time when each film unit member shacks up with a extra.  Hotel room to hotel room, nobody gets to know, including their wives and children back home.  


There are a few genuine dancers who do NOT sell their body too. Same way every Russian is NOT mafia. There are respectable tourists who come here because they feel welcome in  India, and they like our culture. Of course we have Russian nuclear technicians and army advisers, who hold proper identity cards and work permits.  


But anybody carrying huge amounts of currency is NOT respectable. They are here for something else. 


I have commanded several ships , with Russian officers and crew. Generally strength and strong arm tactics is the only thing they respect. Sweetness is mistaken as weakness. 


In Goa the number of tourists exceed the number of locals--with 1.75 million tourists per year ,out of which 40% are Russian. Their entire culture has been corrupted. This is the reason why, in Kerala we do NOT allow tourists to overrun our beaches-which are far more beautiful than Goan beaches. 


THE RUSSIAN MAFIA AND THE ISRAELI JEWISH MAFIA IS THE SAME ( KOSHER NOSTRA ) . 


They have a free run on this planet because they are heavily sponsored. Ex-Soviet organized crime in Israel began with the mass immigration of Russian Jews to Israel in 1989 


AIPAC of USA has a whole Jewish Russian mafia arm. Even US presidents are wary about this. This mafia is professional unlike the Sicilian mafia who went around with pathetic knives and garrots. They know how to cover their tracks--and the worst part is that they have just got started. And they have sponsors in high places. These sponsors include Hollywood and the Zionist held media.  


Because the Russian mob is mostly Jewish, it is a political hot potato, especially in the New York area. In general, state and federal law enforcement agencies were loath to go after Russian mobsters, who were shielded by AIPAC , instead devoting their energies to bagging Italian wise guys, a traditional route to promotion."  

Some years back, a movie was released called Casino, starring Robert DeNiro and Joe Pesci. Concerning itself with the takeover of Las Vegas, the film depicted Mr. Rothstein (played by the Jewish DeNiro) as the suave and successful entrepreneur, and Pesci as the typical Italian wiseguy, brash and insolent. Of course, the purpose of the movie was to absolve Jewish organized crime and transfer all blame to Italian mobsters. The opposite was true.  

The CIA has commented that there is no “major Russian mob figure that does not carry an Israeli passport.” 

The Anti-Defamation League, and the AIPAC has a long history of cozy associations with Jewish crime bosses and with the FBI, giving the Jewish pressure group a great advantage in pulling the necessary strings to shelter the most important of the Jewish gangsters from prosecution. 


The state of Israel is a major factor in the rise and power of the Jewish mafia.  Jewish drug dealers, child porn pushers and slave traders are free from prosecution in Israel. Israel does not consider these to be crimes, again, so long as the victims are non-Jews. 

The power of the Jews in America is so great that any serious investigation into Jewish crime will see shrill attacks from every major media outlet in America.  

Therefore, one will see a television program like The Sopranos about Italian mobsters, but one will never see the same program featuring Jewish mobsters.  


Punch into google search WHITE SLAVERY-VADAKAYIL. What money and extortion cannot achieve , young underage blue eyes and golden haired beauties who will do perverted sex acts, will buy.

The so-called "cocaine triangle," for instance, involves a combination of Colombian drug barons, Israel-Jewish money launderers and Jewish-Russian mafiosi. The Colombians funnel the cash, the Israelis launder it, and the Russians provide the security and muscle.

Israel as an ideal place to launder money, as Israel's Rothschild banking system was designed to encourage aliyah, the immigration of Jews, and the accompanying capital. Following the trend of global financial deregulation, Israel had also implemented legislation aimed at easing the movement of capital. Combined with the lack of anti-money laundering legislation, "Russian" organised crime found it an easy place to transfer ill-gotten gains.


In the early 1970s the Soviet leader Leonid Brezhnev opened the gates to limited emigration of Soviet Jews. Among them were hard-core criminals who had served prison sentences in the Gulag. In the two-year period 1972-73, more than 66,000 Russian Jews left their homeland, most of them going initially to Israel. The Israeli "law of return" made it easy for the Jews of the Diaspora to receive Israeli citizenship. Also non-Jews have purchased forged documents that declared them Jews to gain entrance to the country. 
I had personally asked dozens of Russians Jews while at Tel Aviv and Haifa- "If Russia plays a soccer match with Israel, whom will you support?" 

Pat comes the asnwer " Russia, of course-- we dont care for Israel. We are here to make money !"


The criminals among them quickly entered the Israeli underworld and made their presence known by investing their laundered wealth in Israeli real estate, businesses and banks. By all accounts, Israel has become a haven for the Mafiya and a base for their international operations.  


Jewish Russian Mafia is the main Mafia that exists today on this planet: racketeering, prostitution, drug trafficking, arms trading, contraband diamond smuggling, traffic in works of art, murder for hire, organized swindles, armed robberies, etc. Pornography, casinos, and discotheques are also largely held by Jewish gangsters. 

Jewish organizations continued to lobby the Justice Department to downplay the threat posed by the Russian mob. 'The Russian Mafia has the lowest priority on the criminal pecking order,' admitted FBI spokesman Joe Valiquette during a 1992 interview.  

Privatization was a massive looting of Russia's wealth by the Jews. The Jewish bureaucrats inside the government made "sweetheart" deals with the Jewish mobsters outside the government, who in any case were the only citizens with the capital to buy anything.


Everything which previously had been owned, in theory, by all the people collectively and managed by the state ended up in the hands of the Jews, and the Russian people had nothing, not even in theory. Instead of becoming more prosperous, the Russian economy has declined every year since the end of communism in 1991. The Russian people have been reduced to a state of beggary. 


While Russian and Ukrainian peasants kill one another fighting over a few potatoes in the fields, in Moscow and St. Petersburg and Odessa Jews cruise the boulevards in their Mercedes, wearing diamonds and furs, eating in glitzy restaurants where a meal costs more than a real Russian earns in a month, and patronizing sex clubs stocked with beautiful Russian women.  


The Jews aren't even trying to use the stolen wealth of Russia to get the country back on its feet. Like a plague of locusts they have devoured everything they could, and the rest they have moved out of the country. 



Hundreds of billions of dollars of Russia's capital is taken out of the country every year by the Jews as the looting continues. It's not just that they want to be the richest people in a rejuvenated, capitalist Russia. Their greed is purely destructive. It's a grab-and-run operation.  


All the Bushites and the Clintonistas cared about was that Yeltsin was the candidate being promoted by the Jews in Russia -- and of course, by the Jew-controlled media over here -- and so they promoted him too.


The 20th Party Congress then decided to change the family name of Jew Boris Jelzman to Yeltsin ... The reason given for this change was that the Russian people would be afraid of the name Jelzman since his grandfather Jelzman had murdered thousands of Russians under Beria." 


There is strong suspicion among common Yanks that the reason the FBI suddenly made a major effort to cripple the Italian Mafia was to make room for the Jews.


International  diamond traders of Antwerp, New York, and Tel-Aviv play a large role in the Jewish mafia, particularly in money laundering.





Below video-- BODY ORGAN HARVESTING is a multi billion dollar industry. The largest harvesting field on this planet, is India.
********************************************************************
MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

MAYA , INCA, AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Between 1519 to 1533, the white Christian man discovered and destroyed in a most foul manner, 3 glorious civilizations - the Aztecs of Mexico, Maya of Yuacatan and Guatemala and Inca of Peru.


Historians have time and again tried to decode these civilizations, but have been unsuccessful.



Recently we found a 600000 year old human skull in the Narmada valley Gongwana.  Narmada river is the fountain head of ALL evolution. Meteorites holding DNA ( Shiva lingams ) rained from the sky.
 Maya, Inca and Aztec civilizations were founded by ancient Indians. The Mayan calendar , which everybody knows about , is nothing but a Vedic calendar made by Maya Danava. The Mayan calendar began with the Fifth Great Cycle in 3114 BC and will end on 21 December 2012 AD. In Surya Siddhantam, Maya described how eclipses were caused..





Both the Hindus and S Americans used similar items in their worship rituals. They both maintained the concept of four Yuga cycles, or cosmological seasons, extending over thousands of years, and conceived of twelve constellations with reference to the sun as indicated by the Vedic-Incan sun calendar.

 The ancient Hindus mainly used lunar calendars but also used solar calendars. In the ancient days Indians were the first to do astronomy and astrology. Every other civilization just copied and mirrored , several thousands of years later.

 The Indus Valley inhabitants followed a calendar based on the movements of Jupiter Brihaspathi , and the Mayans followed one based on the Venus Shukra .

The Mayan calendar was made by the Asura Maya Danava, who ran away to Palala . Palata is Vedic lore is the nether world--underneath the ground. For a global earth this translated to the area of these 3 civilizations. 

Before you start smirking, please punch into google search--
 THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMAMA  VADAKAYIL.


 Maya Danava went to Peru on his own Vimana which was a spacecraft. He had designed several of these spacecrafts for Kubera.   Lord Kubera, the brother of King Ravana had several Vimanas, and he had gifted him one in return for services rendered.  Maya was an architect and a metallurgist par excellence-- he was a magician literally with palaces. He was the architect of Tripura ( Atlantis ) and the Lanka palace of Kubera which was usurped by his half brother Ravana along with the Pushpaka Vimana. After the Ramayana war in 4300 BC, this vimana ( flying saucer with mercury plasma gyroscope vortex ) was returned back to its rightful owner Kubera by Lord Rama.

Maya was arm twisted by Arjuna in a foul manner, to build the amazing Indraprasta Mahasabha for Yuddhisthira. In the ancient days having the best palace among all kings had its own glory and held the awe factor for respect. Mayasabha was a palace of illusions. Maya means illusion in Sanskrit. 

Guest king Duryodhana was circumspect while walking thorough, unable to figure out which is solid and which is liquid, causing Draupadi to laugh loudly in sarcasm from the balcony. Then King Duryodhana to preserve his honour, walked with less caution and fell headlong into a pool of water, and Draupadi laughed again in sarcasm--this time louder.  Duryodhana came out of the pool dripping wet and shouted at her " This laugher will cost you dear!". This was the root cause for the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC.



Maya Danava was a descendant of Danu, one of Kasyapa‘s 13 wives and a daughter of Dakhsa Prajapati. Maya’s grandson ( Mandodari’s son) Meghanada, defeated Indra and was called Indrajit.Maya’s sons Dundhubi and Mayavi were killed by the Vanara, Vali. Maya’s son-in-law Ravana was defeated by Lord Rama in the Ramayana war.

Maya is the author of Surya Siddhantam, which he learnt directly from an Amsa of Surya Deva, where he describes the Heliocentric  model . Maya had accurately arrived at the orbital periods of visible planets, their distance from Earth and their diameters.  In the Surya Siddhanta, a work dealing with astronomy he had described about the results of his analysis. 'Surya' means 'Sun' and 'Siddhanta' means 'theory'.


The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781--  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .   Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus (Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama) Pluto ( Teevra )- as named in 7000 year old Vedas Vyasa Muni , just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they stay in one single rashi for too long. 
Ptolemy came to India in 155 AD, and he stole from the astronomical data from Surya Siddhanta (12.85-90) , the most significant being the diameters of Mercury, Venus, Mars, Jupiter and Saturn . You must understand that these diameters were calculated more thas 6 millenniums ago when even the atmospheric refraction of earth was different. 

Much before Pythagoras came to India and stole his theorem.


Maya is mentioned 23 times in the Ramayana, and 61 times in the Mahabharata.   A unique reason for glory and legacy indeed. He was the acharya of all the Mayavis ( sorcerers ).

Maya Danava was a descendant of Danu, one of Kasyapa‘s 13 wives and a daughter of Dakhsa Prajapati.
 Maya Danava was in the Khandava forest,  at the outskirts of New Delhi,  to build for Takshaka the Naga king.  This was the opportunity Arjuna in collusion with Lord Krishna looked for. They set fire to the mighty forest which was reputed to hold every specimen of flora and fauna. In this gruesome deliberate fire everything died except Takshaka's Aswasena son and 4 sarnagaka birds.  Maya was conveniently saved by Lord Krishna.





Out of sheer gratitude Asura Maya Danava asked , how he can ever repay Arjuna. Immediately Lord Krishna trapped him.  "Let a palatial Sabha (meeting hall) as thou choosest, be built by thee, if thou, O son of Diti, who art the foremost of all artists, desirest to do good to Yudhishthira the just (Mbh.2.1)".


 Krishna told Arjuna "Your city has been constructed by Vishwakarma and is truly beautiful. However, the Indraprastha palace is much too plain for such a wonderful city. Let a palatial meeting hall be constructed for Yudhishtra the just. Maya Danava is the best person to construct it, being the architect of the Asuras."Maya measured out a plot of land five thousand cubits square and began the construction. Soon the peerless palace of great beauty encrusted with diamonds was completed. The columns of this palace were made of gold. Maya appointed 8000 asuras called Kinkaras to guard this palace. Inside the palace, there were many amazing devices. It took the Maya just fourteen months to complete this building. Everything was made as per the principles of Vaastu.

In Indian history, Mayan appears several times, most significantly as the author of Mayamatam, "Concept of Mayan" which is a Vastu Shastra, a text on art, architecture and town planning.

 Narada on hearing of this palace hall came to visit , and he cried "O Child, I have never seen nor heard ever before, neither among men, nor among the gods, any assembly room built of gems and precious stones like this hall of thine. I have been to the hall of Indra, it is not equal to yours. I have been to the hall of Yama that shines like burnished gold, but it is inferior to this hall in beauty. I have visited Pushakaramalini, the hall of Varuna, floating in the waters, but it is not equal to yours. The hall of Kubera certainly displays his immense wealth, but is not as beautiful as yours. I have been to the hall of Lord Brahma, the grandsire of all beings, where the Prajapatis offer him worship, but its splendor is nothing to yours. I have seen all these assembly halls O King, but without question, your hall is the best that ever was."


In India, even modern architects learn Maya Danava's Vaastu as part of their syllabus. They perceive existence in terms of two dimensions: first the infinite spiritual realm and second the finite accommodating space for insentient material objects. This concept of a superior plane of existence, where the original form of things exist eternally, is the basis of India's sacred architecture.


Vaastu shastra prescribes desirable characteristics for sites and buildings based on flow of energy called Vaastu Purusha.


Vaastu Shastra which is considered a conduit between man and nature is based on the infinite powers of the five elements – fire, water, earth, and air and space. It essentially deals with two energy sources – the solar energy flux and the geomagnetic energy flux. This science aims at controlling the flow of these two energies by selecting proper directions and alignments for the vaastu. Vaastu is basically aimed at harnessing the higher energy levels within the self and can help in various aspects of life. Buildings not constructed as per Vaastu see their decline to ruins much faster than those built otherwise.


I will get back to the science of Vaastu later on. Vaastu is an Indian thing. You have to be VERY surprised when the intricate mathematical and geometrical principles are Vaastu are followed in arhitecture abroad, when all civilizations were wide apart.


Now let me get back to the surprising similarities between Indian civilisations and these South and Central American civilizations. This first Indian contact happened 11000 years ago.



The ancient Mexican game of Patolli is similar in details to the game of Panchisi played in India. The mathematical probability of two games invented separately agreeing by chance in so many specific intricate features, is zilch.   Mexican call a potter "Kumbhar", as Sanskrit word. There are several other similarities.

After Vedic people the Mayas of Yucatan were the first people to use a zero sign in Mathematics. This knowledge came from India, as we had this knowledge thousand of years before them.  All over Mayan civilization you find stone sculptures of Indian Vimanas and people in space suits. They just sculpted what they saw.  The Kundalini snake of Lord Shiva is also depicted.

The elephant on a sculptured pillar at Copan, which he referred to as an “idol”. Is an animal unknown in that country. It is an Indian elephant and NOT an African elephant. Indian elephants are found in Indian elephants as they are conscious creatures. They can see their image in the mirror, which only humans can do. Animals and birds cant see themselves in the mirror.  Few like Bonobos and Chimps can see partially.



Archaeologists found many Hindu deities like Shiva, black meteorite Shiva linga, Lord Ganesha, Goddess Kali, Sun god Surya , Buddha etc. (in similar or slightly different forms) which were worshiped in ancient America.   

Images of Ganesha have been excavated in plenty in Mexico. This god with the elephant's trunk is frequently depicted in Mexican manuscripts . Lord Ganesha 'Ekadant Ganesh' was found in the temple at Kopan .

The image of Hanuman called by the name 'Wilka Huemana' and measuring 50 feet in height and 12 feet in breadth was found in Guatemala. Similar one was found during an excavation of an Aztec temple in Mexico City and was known as 'Euhectal', a wind God, a monkey God.

In the jungles of Honduras idols sit in Hindu mudra meditation pose .



The Hindu doctrine of the ages is found on a massive stone monolith popularly known as the Aztec calendar. This amazing piece of stone disc is 12 feet in diameter and weights more than 20 tons.

A festival called Sita-Ram (Situa - Raimi) was celebrated in Mexico during Nav-Ratri or Dussehra period which has been described on page 5867 in the book 'Hamsworth History of the World'.  

Both in Central and South America, there are found cremation, priesthood, gurukul system, yajna, birth, marriage and death ceremonies to some extent similar to the Hindus. When Pizarro killed Peruvian King Atahualpa his 4 pretty wives committed self sacrifice.  


Same with Hindu concepts of cataclysm, rebirth, four yugas and the concept of two planets like Rahu and Ketu causing solar eclipse



The ancient American's dresses (male and female) were simple and similar to those of Hindu dresses. You can mistake a Mexican woman with a Indian woman, with narrow waist , wide feminine hip bones  long black hair and same facial features.

 Ayar Inoa King used to wear a turban, earring and a trishul type trident in his hand.



Vegetarianism exists in these areas as well as Hindu India. They wore cotton which is India's gift to this planet. Indian maize is used in Mexican Tortillas --a form of Chapati.They love their food spicy, like Indians.


Baron Alexander Von Humboldt,  did extensive studies and found similarities between Asian and Mexican astrology.


In 1866, the French architect, Eugene Viollet-le-Duc,  noted striking resemblances between ancient Mexican temples and  and those of South India.



There is amazing similarity between the Hindu Trinity - Brahma- Vishnu- Shiva and the Mexican Trinity Ho- Huitzilopochtli- Tlaloc .


The idols were represented with serpents round their heads, as for Lord Shiva.-basically raised Kundalini.


The Swastika sign of this area , seen on a "huaco" pot had with four dots inside. This is a Vedic sign that you can see on the top of the gates of ancient temples, and even in my home.


 A flying monkey wearing a helmet , holding a mountain in one hand and a club in the other is the same as Hanuman of Ramayana 4300 BC.


In Bolivia and south of Peru, you can see the "La Diablada" ("Demoniac Dance"). This famous festival depicts a very ancient Indian story: two angel-like warriors fight ( Rama and Lakshmana )  against a ten-headed demon ( Ravana of Sri Lanka ) . This demon has a army and the angelical warriors are being helped by animal armies, especially by a society of well organized monkeys., who built the Ram Sethu bridge. Yet our Italian waitress who rules India and her “not so bright” son, thinks this is fanstasy.


INCA OF PERU is “ Child of the sun” in Quechua . In Sanskrit Dinaka has same meaning. Dinakar is a common name in India.


AZTEC OF MEXICO is derived from "worshipper of Ashtabhuja or Ashtak ( 8 armed ) " , the eight armed God- found in Mexican temples.  

No where in the word are multi-armed idols found, except in India.



Trilokinath, the Hindu ruler of the three worlds, was known to the Mexicans by the name, until the Spanish conquerors mistakenly changed the name into Tloque Nahuaque. William MacLeod had written about the similarity between the Mexican volador ritual and the Indian rite of hook-swinging.



Above: Aztec Ganesha ( elephant god )

MAYANS OF GUATEMALA and Yuacatan call Kundalini, as kultunlilni.  Kultunlilni is the vital life force empowering all human growth and development. This crucial life-force is the same as what is known in Hindu cosmology as the serpent power: Kundalini. In a temple in Guatemala is a statue of an incarnation of Vishnu as Kurma, the tortoise. The sculpture is richly and finely detailed and strongly suggests that it can only be done by a pure Hindu Indian.


A wall panel (Panel No. 3 of Temple 0-13, at Piedras Negras, Guatemala; reproduced as Plate 69, page 343 of 'The Ancient Maya' by S.G. Morley) belonging to the Later Classic Stage of Mexican history, associated with the peaking of Maya architecture and sculpture. It depicts the Ramayana. The artistic design and postures of the figures carved can be compared to those found at Ajanta and Ellora caves in India.


The Mexicans throne is same as the Hindu Simhasan (Lion throne).  The Kings wore turbans and travelled in Indian palanquins.



US  Ambassador Miles Poindexter, to Mexico, in his two-volume 1930s treatise The Ayar-Incas called the Mayan civilization "unquestionably Hindu." He said that that primitive Aryan words and people came to South merica across the Pacific ocean . Poindexter gives a long list of words of the Quichua languages and their analogous forms in Indian Sanskrit. He also detailed the similarities between the hymns of the Inca rulers of Peru and Vedic hymns 






Betel-chewing with lime and coca-whew and tobacco, as well as the gourd-container for the lime are common to both people. The Peruvian substitute for tobacco, which was used for medicinal purposes, was a shrub, called cuca (coca).

Mexican temples and idols, as in India, were lavishly decorated with gold and precious stones.

Mayan gods Xiuhtechutli and Xipe Totec have their Vedic counterparts in Indra and Agni. Indra or Xiuhtechutli, is the rain god and guardian of the Eastern Quadrant, and Agni, or Xipe Totec, is the god of sacrificial fire, born in wood and the life force of trees and plants.  Mayas had ceremonies like Namakaranam, Punyaha vachana and Gurukula. They put their offerings to gods in water tanks like Hindus.



The ships made in Kerala never hugged the coast like European ships. These ships which could hold more than thousand people did cross-ocean from South India to West coast of South America. Chinese traveller Fa Hein had written that he himself travelled cross-ocean with 500 others. These ships were made with aged Teak and Rosewood, the best for shipbuilding. 

Our ancient Jataka stories wrote about large Indian ships carrying seven hundred people.  Brahmanda Purana provides the best and most detailed description of world map drawn on a flat surface using an accurate scale. When Vasco da Gama landed in Calicut ( my hometown ) in 1498, the King Zamorin, had whipped out a world map and asked him where he came from,much to his surprise


Lord Ganesha is seen with his vehicle rat in Inca mythology in Peru.  Lord Ganesha was found in temple of Diego Riviera in Mexico City. Hanuman and Lord Shiva can be seen in the Guatemala Museum. Shiva Lingam was found in Vera Cruz and in Mexico City. The Mexican Vishnu holds the traditional Gadha or mace and his Chakra. The image of Vishnu’s tortoise Kurma avatar incarnation is preserved by the United Fruit Line in the museum at Quiragua, Guatemala. They have named this image , the Turtle Stone. Indra and the Vamana (midget Brahmin ) avatar who did in Kerala ( my home state ) Asura King Mahabali can be seen in the Mexican National Museum .


The Maya Codex Tro-Cortesianus shows a tortoise, a central churning rod and a serpent being used as a rope by figures of dark and light shade, which is the Hindu Samudhra Manthan. The tortoise, is, however, on the summit of the mountain pestle instead of being beneath it, and the other form of the serpent god appears above his avatar. Round the mountain-pestle is twisted a snake. Two dark gods, evidently demonic forms of deities, like the Indian Asuras, hold one end of the snake-rope while the other end is grasped by the elephant god Ganesha.




The largest temple in Mexico City was the temple of Lord Shiva, the War God of the Mexican whom the Spanish invaders found entwined by golden snakes. The Mexican temple had the Gopuram South Indian temple MERU style. 


Sir Thomas Stamford Bingley Raflles or the father of Singapore wrote,”The great Hindu temple of Borobudur might readily be mistaken for a Central American Temple. Every page of Peruvian poetry bears the imprint of Ramayana and Mahabharata.”

Mayan crystal skulls could have been carved in ancient times without instruments and tools of today. The most amazing thing was that the ancient skull weighing 5.13 kg, 203.4 mm long and 125.4 mm wide had been made of a whole crystal. This fact contradicted the laws of physics. The research by Hewlett-Packard in 1964 in a special laboratory revealed that the skull had been made long before the first civilizations appeared in that part of America where the skull was found. In addition, rock crystal of such perfect quality could not be found in that area.



Crystal quartz is the same material used in microchips that can hold billions of bits of information. Given that, imagine the amount of info a whole skull can hold.  These  13 Crystal Skulls are  linked to the “Year Zero” or December 21, 2012, the date at which the Mayan Calendar ends.

The rock crystal has a hardness that is slightly lower than that of topaz, corundum, and diamond; it can be cut with diamonds only. It is astonishing, but the ancient Mayans managed to cut it somehow, and even made a lower jaw with the joints.

Diamonds were found only in India till 1886.


Now let me get back to Vaastu.


 Mayans like Hindus worshiped the very concept of space, specifically a space made according to the modular system. There is a sacred room in the center of the Chidambaram Siva Temple in South India, where space or akasha ( ether ) is worshiped- there is no idol.

The temple structure at the top is exactly 1/4th of the base according to Vastu Vedic principles of Mayan.  The name of the structure is chilambalam, meaning a sacred space. Mayan chilambalam refers to a sacred space, as does Tamil Chidambaram. Yok'hah in Mayan means "on top of truth,"  is what is  yoga in Sanskrit.

Machu Picchu temples and structures follows the Indian Vaastu. The layout of these structures, locations for doors, windows, proportions of width to length, roof styles, degree of slopes for roofs, column sizes, wall thicknesses, etc., all conform completely to the principles and guidelines as prescribed in the Vastu Shastras of Maya Danava in India. Residential layouts are identical to those found in Mohenjodaro.




The temple layouts are identical to those that he is building today and that can be found all over India.Maya Danava advocated the use of an eight-by-eight square, for a total of 64 units, which is known as the Vastu Purusha Mandala. The buildings were oriented toward certain points of the compass, also a principle of Maya, rather than randomly placed. Also the lengths of buildings were never more than twice their width, as Maya Danava stipulated.

The sculptures were similar or identical to India, such as the earrings, ear plugs, teeth, head dresses, even buckles around the waist. There are bas reliefs of priests sitting in lotus posture meditating.

 As in Mayan buildings, Indians have been using lime mortar for all of their stone and brick buildings. This can been seen in the monumental creations in Mahabalipuram and also in the South Indian temples.. The outer surfaces were plastered, embellishments worked out in lime mortar, then painted.

The size of plots, position of doors and windows, proportions, form of roofs, inclination angles of roofs, diameter of columns, width of walls etc. are perfectly in accordance with the rules of Vaastu. 

 As per Vaastu , the best location to build a temple is at a tirtha(holy place), which is  a ford or crossing place from this world to the above-a point of marriage between transcendence and the mundane. A tirtha provides a crossing place for the upward journey of the soul and a place for the downward crossing-for the crossing of higher entities who sometimes descend to this world for the good of mankind.

In Indian architecture, the dwelling is itself a shrine. A home is called manushyalaya, literally, "human temple". It is not merely a shelter for human beings in which to rest and eat. The concept behind house design is the same as for temple design, so sacred and spiritual are the two spaces. The "open courtyard" system of house design was the national pattern in India before Western models were introduced. The s is called Brahmasthanam, meaning the "nuclear energy field". It should be kept unbuilt and open to the sky so as to have contact with the outer space (akasha). 

The northeast quarter is called Isanya, the southeast Agni, the southwest Niruthi and northwest Vayu. These are said to possess the qualities of four respective devatas or gods—Isa, Agni, Niruthi and Vayu. Accordingly—with due respect to ecological friendliness with the subtle forces of the spirit—those spaces (quarters) are assigned as follows: northeast for the home shrine, southeast for the kitchen, southwest for the master bedroom and northwest for the storage of grains. 

Energy is primarily considered as emanating from the center of the building. It originates from subtle earth energy called Vaastu Purusha and subtle cosmic energy (Unified Field) called Vastu Purusha which meet in the center of the building and then spread outward in all directions. these two energies unite and form the five elements which then distribute in the for corner zones. This energy is a mixture of Vaastu energy, which is subtle energy from the earth, and Vastu energy which is subtle energy from Consciousness itself. 


Even my home is made as per principles of Vaastu. Let me quote a few among hundreds of rules.

Only new material should be used for the construction of the building.
Dig a well in N-E direction and use this ground water for the construction of the house.
One must paint his/her house in light colors avoiding red and black for bringing prosperity.
Doors must be opened at inner side of the house not at outer side as it brings luck and positive energy in the house.
 The guest room should be at the North-West side of the house and closer to the living room and at the front side of the house. 
While placing the bed make sure that you do not sleep with your head to the north side as that will create a repelling magnetic force in your blood stream that will cause disruption in sleep. You can sleep with you head towards any other side, but the best side to keep your head while sleeping is south. 

The safe should be placed in south west side and it should be opened in the north direction. You need to keep the north east side empty.
The NE side of the plot ( kanni moola ) must be raised and kept free of garbage.



It must be noted that the Spanish grossly magnified and exaggerated the bad points of these great cultures (like human sacrifices). It was selective reporting and vested interpretation to paint them in bad light and to show that Christianity did them a great favour in converting them from uncouth pariahs to cultured humans.

After the Spanish conquest, the first Bishop of Mexico, Juan de Zumarraga, burned all the records of the Library of Texcoco in Tlateloco market square as "the work of the Devil," and religious fanatics destroyed temples and statues. Fray Diego de Landa, the second Bishop of Yucatan, following the pattern, reduced the Maya Library in Yucatan to ashes in 1562. Bishop Diego da Landa burnt a huge bonfire of valuable documents and nothing but the three codices of 'Chilam Balam' could survive the holocaust....

"We found a large number of their books of these letters, and because they did not have anything in which there was not superstition and falsehoods of the devil, we burned them all, which they felt very sorry for and which caused them grief."

It was Landa that gave the orders for all the Mayans to bring all manuscripts to the public squares in Mani to be burned. All these books contained what would now be priceless information on astronomy, medicine, religion, and philosophy. The burning of manuscripts continued for decades. Soldiers were encouraged to ransack palaces, public buildings, and private houses to find manuscripts.


Pablo Jose de Arriaga, the head of the Jesuit College in Peru, in almost unparalleled fanaticism, caused the systematic and wholesale destruction of all state archives, customs records, royal and imperial archives, codes of laws, temple archives, and historical records. Less than a score of manuscripts escaped annihilation.
These libraries contained records of ancient Vedic history, medicine, astronomy, science, religion, and philosophy.


Below: The ancient Mayan had seen Indian Vimanas and recorded it on stone.






A German linguist Kurt Schildmann, a native of Heiderhof, says his study of ancient inscriptions discovered in the caves of Peru and the United States shows that they are similar to ancient Indus Valley Sanskrit, suggesting that Indians in Vimanas reached the Americas thousands of years ago.  He describes the Indus civilization as a forerunner of all other world civilizations. While doing "epigraphic research" on the Crespi collection of Cuenca, Peru, Schildmann discovered Sanskrit in inscriptions found in Peru and in the Burrows cave in southern Illinois.  

He also deciphered an icon found in the Burrows' cave, on which he said many details depicted the "wisdom of the Indus culture".  Schildmann was struck by the drawing of an elephant on top of a "Pyramid", with three lines of a legend.  He deciphered the legend as "PIL", that was 6000 years old ancient Sanskrit word for an elephant.  He concluded, the ancient Indian engraved texts on gold plates and hid them to honor the gods and address the succeeding generations.   Elephants are not found in Peru and USA.   In 1821 a man  Joseph Smith found these plates , considered himself the chosen one and founded the Mormon religion..

In the Mosquitia region of eastern Honduras in Central America, Charles Lindberg, found a ‘Lost City of the Monkey God‘ where, legend says that local people worshipped huge ‘Monkey Sculptures‘.  On the western end of Hondurus is the city of Copan – the site of the ancient Howler Monkey God ( Hanuman ) statue.




Ramayana’s Kishkinda Kanda descibes about Trident of Nazca Peru  . 



Yuddha Kanda  describes about Hanuman travelling to Paatala Loka  ( Central America which are on other side of India in globe) and meeting his son Makaradhwaja, who resembles him.  



After killing the King of Paatala, Hanuman makes his son Makaradhwaja as ruler of that kingdom and he is being worshipped as God since then.
********************************************************************
UNSUNG HEROES OF INA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

RASH BEHARI BOSE, AIYAPPAN PILLAI MADHAVAN NAIR , MOHAN SINGH,  FOUNDER MEMBERS OF INA-    CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Play the video above in low volume, while reading this post.  You must know what selflessness and love for the motherland is all about.




Let me re-write some Indian history-- let me exhume some unsung heroes .

Rash Behari Bose and Nair San, are Indians with Japanese wives. These two are the real force behind INA--never mind the propaganda of the Subhash Chandra Bose cheerleaders .

INA was handed over to Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose on a platter by the Japanese when Captain Mohan Singh and RB Bose disbanded INA , as the Indian soldiers were suspicious of the real motives of the Japan, was to wrest india from Britain, and to use the INA soldiers as coolies for cheap hard labour,  which snooty Japanese soldiers did NOT want to do.


To revive INA Subhash Chandra Bose was called urgently requisitioned by the Japanese Prime Minister.  Subhash Chandra Bose was in Germany at that time having married a Jewish woman with whom he produced a daughter .
SC Bose was put on a German U-180  submarine and transferred to a I-29 Japanese submarine off Madagascar and taken to Japan for parleys with the Japanese Prime Minister. And then he arrived at Singapore in Field Marshall's uniform , to take over INA.  Talk about easy promotions in the military, for doing nothing.

See no matter how much BCCI and Lalit Modi tries to claim credit for original thinkin of IPL--this format was the brainchild of ICL of Zee TV.  Same way INA cannot be cedited to Subhash Chandra Bose.


Let me first talk about the unsung Bengali Indian Rash Behari Bose-- a great Indian patriot.


Rash Behari Bose  was born on 25 May 1886 at  Subaldaha village, Burdwan Dist., West Bengal, India.


He initiated the Ghadar Conspiracy that attempted to trigger a mutiny in India as early as February 1915. Trusted and tried Ghadarites were sent to several cantonments to infiltrate into the British army. The idea of the RB Bose was that with the war raging in Europe most of the soldiers had gone out of India and the rest could be easily won over. The revolution failed and most of the revolutionaries were arrested. But Rash Behari managed to escape British intelligence and reached Japan in 1915.



RB Bose was the brain child of the failed attempt and conspiracy to assassinate Lord Hardinge. Rash Behari was forced to go into hiding. He was hunted by the colonial police due to his active participation in bomb throwing at the Governor General and Viceroy Lord Charles Hardinge in Delhi (the bomb was actually thrown by Basanta Kumar Biswas, a disciple of Amarendra Chatterjee)


After throwing the bomb, Bose managed to escape arrest and went in hiding in Varanasi. With the help of the members of the Ghadar Party, he planned a simultaneous rebellion which would rock the whole of north India. The British, however, foiled all attempts of Bose to create unrest and arrested several of Bose's confidants; of which twenty- eight were hanged after trials under what came to be known as the Lahore Conspiracy Case.

There was a prize of Rs.7,500 on his head. His pictures were posted in all public places.  RB Bose managed to escape from India in 1915 and went to Japan where he lived as a fugitive. He  came to Saharanpur where Barrister J.M. Chatterji raised some money from his friends for his voyage to Japan. From Saharanpur, Rash Behari came back to Chandernagar from where he escaped to Japan under the assumed name of Raja P.N. Tagore, on a British passport--as a relative of Rabinndra Nath Tagore.


In June 1915, Rash Behari reached Tokyo. He convened there a meeting of the sponsors of the Indian Freedom Movement, in the famous 'Sayoken' Hotel on 25th November, 1915. Besides reputed revolutionaries and the Japanese sympathizers, the meeting was also attended by the Punjab Lion, Lala Lajpat Rai. The meeting aroused awareness of the Japanese people about India and the efforts of the freedomfighters and revolutionaries.


From 1915–1918, RB Bose changed residences and identities numerous times, as the British kept pressing the Japanese government for his extradition. He married the daughter of Soma Aizo and Soma Kotsuko, the owner of Nakamuraya restaurant in Tokyo in 1918 and became a Japanese citizen ( with an Indian heart ) in 1923, living as a journalist and writer.


But in pursuance of the conditions of the Anglo-Japanese alliance, the Japanese Government was forced to direct Rash Behari and his associate, Herambalal Gupta, to leave the shores of Japan before the 2nd of December.  However, the Japanese people and the press came out openly supporting Rash Behari. The elderly political leader, Mitsui Toyama, assured help and protection to Rash Behari. Mr. Aizo Zoma, a man of fortune and owner of the most reputed Japanese Hotel, 'Naka Muraya', negotiated with Mr. Toyama through Mr. Naka Mura, Editor of Niroku, and provided secret hiding for Rash Behari in the cellar of the influential hotel.


During his stay in 'Naka Muraya', Mr. and Mrs. Zoma, who bestowed on him loving care, developed a filial affection for Rash Behari. They offered their eldest daughter, Tosiko, in marriage to Rash Behari. The couple had two children Masahide a boy, and a Tetaku a girl.  Tosiko died at the age of 28, in March 1928 .



As soon as the Second World War broke out, Rash Behari Bose found another great opportunity to make an attempt to liberate his Motherland. On 15th February 1942, Singapore fell into the hands of Japan. On that day 15,000 British, 13,000 Australian and 32,000 Indian soldiers were there in Singapore, and all of them were taken as prisoners of war by the Japanese. Japan also took over Malaya and established her authority over the country of fifty lakhs of people, among whom three lakhs were Indians. 


A brilliant idea crossed across the mind of Rash Behari Bose, about forming a Liberation Army to invade India and fight the British ,from outside.

Major Fujihara, a Japanese officer, used his interpreter Giani Pritam Singh and requested Mohan Singh to form an Indian Army comprising the captured Indian soldiers. Mohan Singh hesitated but ultimately agreed.. Fujihara handed over about 40,000 Indian soldiers, who had surrendered to him, to Mohan Singh. It was actually the first step towards the formation of the INA.



So, on February 15, 1942 the Indian National Army (INA) was formed by Captain Mohan Singh. In addition to the INA was the India Independence League which was headed by Rashbehari Bose. Other leaders included Kesava (KPK) Menon who was the political guru and SC Guha. There were military officers in it from the INA.

 They all went to Tokyo to meet the Japanese government and get assurances from them that the INA would be given the status of an allied army. Unfortunately, the Japanese only verbally agreed to this but never officially ratified them. This was the reason why Mohan Singh and Kesava Menon feeling they could not trust the Japanese and Mohan Singh decided to disband the INA. Mohan Singh was subsequently arrested by the Japanese on Dec 29th 1942, and exiled to Pulau Ubin.



RB Bose along with A M Nair was instrumental in persuading the Japanese authorities to stand by the Indian nationalists and ultimately to support actively the Indian freedom struggle abroad. RB Bose convened a conference in Tokyo on 28–30 March 1942, which decided to establish the Indian Independence League. At the conference he moved a motion to raise an army for Indian liberation.


Above : Rash Behari Bose with Jap wife Toshiko.

From June 14 to 23 1942, a second conference of Indians was held in the East in Bangkok. Representatives of about three lakhs of Indians scattered all over Java, Sumatra, Indo-China, Borneo, Manchuko, Hongkong, Burma, Malaya and Japan had gathered in large numbers. The conference presented a memorandum to Japan requesting that its demand for equal rights and status for the Azad Hind Fauz of Free India be conceded. The meeting also constituted the War Council of the League with Rash Behari Bose as the first President and Mr. M. Raghavan, K.R.K. Menon, Captain Mohan Singh and Colonel G.K. Gillani as other members.

The Indian prisoners of war captured by the Japanese in the Malaya and Burma fronts were encouraged to join the Indian Independence League and become the soldiers of the Indian National Army (INA), formed on 1 September 1942 as the military wing of Bose's Indian National League. RB Bose selected the flag called as Azad .

In 1940, our hero Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was imprisoned by the British for his anti-colonial activities. While in prison in India , Bose went on a hunger strike. The British put him under house arrest. He subsequently escaped to Germany through Afghanistan by pretending to be a deaf-mute Pathan. Bose reached Berlin on 2 April 1941, where he began advocating India’s Independence through radio broadcasts.



In January 1943, the Japanese invited SC Bose to lead the Indian nationalist movement in East Asia. He accepted and left Germany on 8 February.



Subhash Chandra Bose left for Japan in a German submarine , and hopped on to a Japanese submarine midsea off Madagascar and arrived in Tokyo on 13 June 1943. Hideki Tojo, the Japanese Prime Minister (1941-44), accorded him a cordial reception on his arrival. The Prime Minister declared in their parliament that Japan would advance all sorts of help to India in its fight for independence.

In Tokyo, SC Bose made a number of radio broadcasts to the Indian communities and exhorted them to join in the fight for India’s Independence.
SC Bose reached Tokyo by Japanese submarine on June 20.  On July 2, he reached Singapore where the Indians, Chinese and the Japanese accorded him an unprecedented welcome. Addressing a mammoth gathering, he gave the call to Indians—"Chalo Delhi" (march on to Delhi).


On July 5, 1943, Rash Behari Bose officially conferred on Subhash Bose the Presidentship of Indian Independence League ( as per Japanese wish ) and constituted himself as his adviser. Soon under the captaincy of Laxmi Sehgal , the Rani Laxmi Regiment was formed. 


On 25th August, 1943, Subhash assumed the Supreme Command of the Free Indian National Army.

On 21 October 1943, SC Bose announced the formation of the Provisional Government of Azad Hind (Free India), with himself as the Head of State, Prime Minister and Minister of War.

Mohan Singh was NOT reinstated to the INA--which showed the real worth of Netaji Bose.

Netaji wanted money. Many Indian civilians from Malaya, Thailand and Burma responded enthusiastically. They contributed money and gold generously to the INA Fund. The gold came mostly from women who readily gave up their jewellery while wealthy Indian families donated large sums of money after attending Bose’s rallies and meetings. Other forms of contributions included clothing, foodstuffs and other supplies that the INA could use.


At the huge rally organized by the Indian Independence League at Singapore to welcome Netaji, he sudenly announced that he would like to auction the garlands that had been put around his neck. “The bid started with Rs 1 lakh (in 1943 it was more than rupees fifty lakh of today). The first garland was auctioned for Rs 1 crore and 3 lakh, which was purchased by a Muslim industrialist of Malaya, Habibur Rehman. He also volunteered his services to join the movement.

The Indian women selflessly offered their gold ornaments. Total collections at this auction were about Rs 25 crore --a king's ransom those days.

By April 1944, the Azad Hind Bank was established in Rangoon to manage the overwhelming donations from the Indian communities. Abid Hasan Safrani coined the salutation "Jai Hind" (Hail India).

It was decided that only a regiment of the Indian soldiers would take part in the fight with the Japanese as a detached unit. If they could prove themselves equal to the Japanese, more Indians would be permitted to march to the border. A new brigade named Subhash Brigade was formed with select soldiers from the erstwhile Gandhi, Azad and Nehru Brigades. The rest were shipped off to Rabaul to dig tunnels -- a deception most foul, by the Japanese.

The army after training, started their advance towards India from Burma and had even reached Imphal town on Indian soil. They were however beaten back by the British soldiers afterwords. The INA later collapsed and Subhash Chandra Bose disappeared from the political scene mysteriously.

Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose arrived from from Saigon on, August 23, 1945 at Dairen (Manchuria) at 1:30 PM.. This was was a Japanese bomber plane.  It was full of gold in the shape of bars, Indian ornaments and jewelry.   Netaji carried two attache cases, one in each hand.  On alighting from the plane, Netaji took tea with bananas.  When Netaji finished tea, he along with four others, out of which one was a Japanese named General Shidei climbed into a jeep standing nearby and proceeded toward Russian territory. After about 3 hours the  jeep returned and informed the waiting pilot of the plane who flew back to Tokyo.

Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose was never seen again. He resurfaced in India and lived for many years as a Mauni (Silent ) Baba behind a curtain.  He had done this fancy dress thing before, as a dumb and deaf Pathan,  and was in familiar territory.


Netaji did NOT want the fate of Hideki Tojo, the Prime Minister of Japan who was hung to death. 


He also did NOT have the courage to face his own men of INA, who were fooled into digging tunnels at Rabaul.  He had also told them a big lie that since he did NOT have children every soldier of INA was his child. They gave him blood and in return he betrayed their trust.


Read my post by punching into Google search NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE, UNTOLD SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS- VADAKAYIL and be shocked.


RB Bose had great organizational skill and a wonderful spirit of sacrifice. Hardly anybody knows

On 21st January, 1945, Rash Behari died of heart attack at Tokyo. He was cremated by the Buddhist rites and his ashes were buried in Yama Cemetery.

Prior to being killed near the end of World War II, the Japanese Government honoured RB Bose  with the Order of the Rising Sun (2nd grade).

But the honour done by the Emperor of Japan on his demise is more touching. The Imperial coach was sent to carry the dead body of the Indian veteran revolutionary. In 1959, when the ashes of Rash Behari were brought to India by his daughter, Tetsu Higuchi, Dr. Rajendra Prasad, the then President of India, paid to the noble son of Bharat a glowing tribute in which he said, "Rash Behari Bose was one of those well-known patriots whose love for the Motherland and burning desire to see her free could never be curbed."

MOHAN SINGH-- He was born the only son of Tara Singh and Hukam Kaur, a peasant couple of Ugoke village, near Sialkot (now in Pakistan).



Above RB Bose and Mohan Singh

At the Indian Military Academy, Dehra Dun, he received his commission in 1934 and was posted for a year to a British unit, the 2nd Border Regiment, and then to 1st Battalion of his former 14th Punjab Regiment, which at that time happened to be at Jhelum. World War II broke out in 1939.


Upon Japan's defeat, Mohan Singh was taken into custody by the British and repatriated to India to face trials. However, due to public pressure, roused by the INA Red Fort trials, Mohan Singh was only cashiered from the Army.


Following Indian independence, Mohan Singh later served in public life as a Member of Parliament in the Rajya Sabha (Upper House) of the Indian Parliament.


Aiyappan-Pillai Madhavan Nair (1905–1990), also known as Nair-san, was involved in the formation of INA. 


He was sent to Japan by his elder brother to escape capture and imprisonment by the British. He studied engineering in Japan at Kyoto University.  During the Second World War, Nair San joined the Indian Independence league in Japan under Rash Behari Bose. He was the Japanese transpator for SC Bose.  Nair-san considered Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose to be a Fascist.  In 1949, Nair founded an Indian restaurant in Ginza, Tokyo.

Nair San  made it a point to visit the embassy on August 15 and January 26 to salute the nation till he died...

Nair was given the Order of the Sacred Treasure (Kun zuihosho) by Emperor Hirohito in November 1984.



He died on April 22, 1990 since 1949, when Nair's was the first authentic Indian eatery to open in Japan -- in its present location in Ginza, Tokyo.


 A Hollywood movie Nair-San starring Jackie Chan and Mohan Lal will be produced soon.

Winston Churchill deliberately started 5.2 million Bengalis , as retribution for Indians jumping from British boat to Japanese boat in mid-river. 






Punch into Google search AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITE WASHING CHURCHILL'S HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL




I will post a separate piece on Rash Behari and Bagha Jatin ( the Bengal tiger of India )


Now, some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani--

The cry JAI HIND was NOT coined by Netaji Bose.  It was made by Dr Champakaraman Pillai ,  who formed the Berlin Committee in Germany to assist freedom fighters before the 1st World war . He  had direct dealings with Hitler. He died on May 28th, 1934 under suspicious circumstances , because he asked for a written apology from Hitler with a deadline, for derogatory reference to Indians in his book Mein Kamph.. His ashes were scattered in Karamana River in Thiruvananthapuram.  His ashes could not be brought in before, due to objections from Gandhiji and Nehru . The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought the great patriot Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.   He had come to Madras on German battleship, SS Emden and angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara.  


Rash Behari Bose was in Japan taking shelter with Mitsuru Toyama, head of the dreaded Yakuza.

Bagha Jatin the great patriot was in charge in India —the Bengal Tiger of India.

Pandit Shyamaji Krishnavarma, formed  Indian Home Rule Society, India House in London . His ashes too were rejected by Gandhi and Nehru.  Finally Bollywood actor Vinod Khanna , Narendra Modi , and others etc pulled levers, and this great patriot's ashes was officially handed over to the Chief Minister of Gujarat State on August 22, 2003,  by the Ville de Genève and the Swiss government, 55 years after Indian Independence.

Well what do we know?-- the young generation knows Diggi Vijay , Ambika Soni , Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal etc , right?
********************************************************************
TUM MILE , CANT STOP LOVIN' YOU -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL







Tum Mile (Love Reprise)


tu hi meri hai saari zameen 

you are my entire world 

chaahe kahin se chaloon… tujh pe hi aake rukoon. 

wherever i may be walking from… my destination is always you. 

tere siva, main jaoon kahan? 

without you, where do i go? 

koi bhi raah chunoon… tujhape hi aake rukoon. 

whichever path i may choose… my destination is always you. 

tum mile, to lamhein tham gaye 

now that you’re mine, these moments have frozen. 

tum mile, to saare gham gaye 

now that you’re mine, all my grief has disappeared. 

tum mile… to muskuraana aa gaya. 

now that you’re mine… i’ve learned to smile. 

tum mile, to jadoo chaa gaya. 

now that you’re mine, magic has taken over. 

tum mile, to jeena aa gaya 

now that you’re mine, i’ve learned how to live. 

tum mile… to maine paaya hai khuda 

now that you’re mine… i’ve attained god himself. 

ohh, tujh mein kinaara dikhe, dil ko sahaara dikhe. 

in you, i see my shore, and my heart’s support. 

aa meri dhadkan thaam le… 

come and feel my heartbeat… 

teri taraf hi mude… yeh saans tujhase jude 

steering only towards you, my breath is linked to you. 

har pal yeh tera naam le… 

for it takes your name all the time… 

tum mile, to ab kya hai kami. 

now that you’re mine, i don’t lack anything. 

tum mile, to duniya mil gayi. 

now that you’re mine, the world’s at my feet. 

tum mile… to mil gaya aasraa. 

now that you’re mine… i have found a shelter. 

tum mile, to jadoo chaa gaya. 

now that you’re mine, magic has taken over. 

tum mile, to jeena aa gaya 

now that you’re mine, i’ve learned how to live. 

tum mile… to maine paaya hai khuda 

now that you’re mine… i’ve attained god himself. 

din mere tujh se chale, raatein bhi tujh se dhale 

my days wax with you, my nights wane with you. 

hai waqt tere haath mein… 

my time is in your clasp… 

ohh tu hi shaher hai mera, tujh mein hi ghar hai mera. 

you are my only land, in you, i find my home. 

rehta hai tere saath mein… 

for i am always with you… 

tum mile, to mil gaya humsafar. 

now that you’re mine, i’ve found my soul companion. 

tum mile, to khud ki hai khabar. 

now that you’re mine, i am aware of myself. 

tum mile… to rishta sa ban gaya. 

now that you’re mine… I have a relationship . 

tum mile, to jadoo chaa gaya. 

now that you’re mine, magic has taken over. 

tum mile, to jeena aa gaya 

now that you’re mine, i’ve learned how to live. 

tum mile… to maine paaya hai khuda 

now that you’re mine… i’ve attained god himself.







Singer Javed Ali is part of AR Rahman’s world tours.  His voice and tone is excellent for mushy love songs.


Pritam Chakraborty (above ) is a leading Music director. He understands music.
********************************************************************
LALA LAJPAT RAI, THE LION OF PUNJAB- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THE FREEDOM FIGHTER , A MARTYR WHO FELT FOR HIS MOTHERLAND-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Nearly 4 decades ago, when I did my 2nd Mate's exam, we used to go to Shere-e Punjab restaurant from Seaman's Club Mumbai , to have our dinner. It was a economy hotel , but gave good food and fast service--and we could ill affors to lose time waiting for service.



I asked my Punjabi batch mate, what does the name of the restaurant indicate. He had NO dang clue. 


Well Lala Lajpat Rai, is the LION of Punjab.


It must be noted that in 1857, during the First war of Independence, the whole of India united as one to drive away the British. The Sikhs and the Gurkhas sided with the British. Gurkhas are NOT Indians.  Sikhs must know that this is a permanent blot on their fair name.


The 1857, Sepoy Mutiny was engineered by Rothschild, the German Jewish owners of  British East India Company. They had their paid Indian "double agent" stooges , taunting the Hindu and Muslim soldiers,  that they are "dharm bhrasht", and that the lard of cow and pig fat was used on the cartridges they were forced to bite off.  This constant nit-pickin' did the trick.
This revolt was carefully nurtured and allowed to fan out, in a controlled manner, so that Rothschild who onwed the British East India Company could stop all pretences of being traders, and now take over the British Empire in India.  The first thing they did was to have a huge party at the Red Fort, and prise off the golden spires of Taj Mahal, melt it and cart it away to their underground bank vaults.


Same way, Lala Lajpat Rai was done in by heavy Lathi blows on the left side of his chest. The British knew very well that he had a heart condition, as he had been imprisoned by them several times, in horrible conditions.



Lala Lajpat Rai was leading a peaceful and silent demonstration, the way Mahatma Gandhi wanted it, outside Lahore Railway station, on Oct 30th 1928.  He was standing behind the first row of barbed wire, along with Pandit madan Mohan Malivya.  The other side had paid Indian stooges welcoming Simon and party--BR Ambedkar was such a British agent..  


Lala was beaten up for no plausible reason. Bhagat Singh was eye witness, as he was part of this group of protestors.



Though in severe pain, the same evening Lala told at a crowded public meeting in Lahore City, "Every blow on our bodies this afternoon is like a nail driven into the coffin of British imperialism."



17 days later, on Nov 17th , Lala Lajpat Rai, succumbed to the shock of the internal injury suffered. Dr. Lt Col Roy, who had examined Lala 5 hours before the arrival of Simon Commission at Lahore, had recorded that his chest on the left side was swollen and had red welt marks, with severe pain while breathing. 


Nov 17th is celebrated by Martyr's day in India. Every Indian must know what this day means.



The British were equal to the occasion. The attributed the blue marks on the left side of the chest on the dead body of Lala as chicanery by the Indians , who used blue INK , and made marks.  Professor Abdul Majid Khan was roped in to announce on Radio Jullunder that he personally witnessed the scene and that no blows were received by Lala Lajpat Rai at all on his body.

The British bribed another Indian to announce that these ink marks were put on the advise of S Kishen Singh, the father of Bhagat Singh to Achint Ram, and that a photographer was told to take these doctored pictures, for political leverage.


Bhagat Singh who was a graduate from the National College Lahore, founded by Lala, was emotionally charged on hearing this,  to take revenge--.and he did!


British did another propaganda that Bhagat Singh killed the wrong guy sSnders while it was Scott who hit Lala.  This means Bhagat Singh, Yashpal, Sukhdev, Bhagavati Charan etc who tried to take the blows rained on Lala , on themselves , were all lying fools.

Lala Lajpat Rai was actively involved with the Arya Samaj. Every time there was a famine or drought or earth quake in India, British sponsored Christian missionaries could arrive on the scene like locusts to give first aid.  The whole idea was to lay their "soul prostituted " hands on innocent orphans and convert them to Christianity. Lala would collect these destitute children and admit them to Arya Samaj shelters.


Lalaji joined the Congress as a freedom fighter in 1888, due to  a singular reason. Sir Syed Ahmed ( all British stooges were SIR those days ) who was in the Congress had just then left it. He had begun to argue and do propaganda that Indian Muslims should not join the Congress and that they should support the British government.

Lala wrote passionate open letters to him in the Urdu weekly Koh-i-noor'. The letters were noted by all in political circles, pissing off the British. The same year in the Congress session at Allahabad, when Lalaji arrived with eighty delegates from Punjab, he received a tumultuous welcome. His stirring speech in Urdu there had a great effect on the Muslim leaders. Lala was a young man of 23 years. His fame spread quickly in Congress.


By the way, the Islamic Khilafat Movement was launched by Indian muslims in September 1919 to protect the Turkish Khalifa and save the Ottoman empire from dismemberment by Great Britain and other European powers. The Ali brothers who were more interested in Turkey and Islam than India, initiated the Movement. Its conferences were organized in several cities in northern India. The Central Khilafat Committee started a fund to help the nationalist movement in distant Turkey and to organize the Khilafat Movement at home. 




Above: Maulana Muhammad Ali and Shaukat Ali 


Hardly anybody knows today that Mustafa Kemal, the first Turkish President was a Rothschild stooge. Even today Turkey’s army and banks is controlled by Jews Rothschild. This is why Zionist Bilderberg conferences are held in Turkey and Turkey is member of EU . Muhammad Ali jinnah opposed the Khilafat movement.  He was concerned about mixing religion and politics and he warned Mahatma Gandhi against side effects of his enthusiastic support for the same, to woo the Muslims.


Mustafa Kemal Atatürk, the first crypto-Muslim president of Turkey, used a Zionist deception ploy to eliminate the Islamic religious practice of wearing of a veil.  He could not ban the veil outright, which would incite anger among the people. So he made a law that all prostitutes had to wear the veil.

 At the next session at Bombay in 1889, he was linked with other two leading freedom fighters Bipin Chandra Pal and Bal Gangadhar Tilak. The trio was popularly known as Lal-Bal-Pal. Lalaji was actively involved in struggle against partition of Bengal. During the struggle he galvanized Indians for a campaign of Swadeshi and was imprisoned for six months by the British for creating turmoil.



Lala  resolved that India should undertake the fight for freedom, the use of swadeshi articles made in India and boycott of foreign goods. He put forth these views at the 1907 Congress session held in Surat City.

Lalaji was promptly arrested on May 3, 1907 for creating "turmoil" in Rawalpindi. He was put in Mandalay jail Burma, along with Ajit Singh, a relative of Bhagat Singh, for six months and was released on November 11, 1907 due to protests in India fuelled by Lak Manya Bal Gangadhara Tilak's fiery columns in Kesari..


Lala went to Britain in April 1914 to explain the position of India. The same year general elections were being held in England. The Indian National Congress decided to send two representatives to acquaint the public with conditions in India. Lajpat Rai and Gopal Krishna Gokhale were selected. When they returned from their visit to England, thousands of people welcomed them at the Lahore railway station. Students unhitched the horses and they pulled the carriage.


 From Britain he travelled to USA to for promoting the cause of India’s freedom struggle. There he founded the India Home League Society of America.


He wrote a book called "Young India". The book severely indicted British rule in India and was banned in Britain and India even before it was published. He travelled to Japan and there he met Rash Behari Bose.


Lokamanya Tilak, Jinnah and Shrimati Annie Besant accorded a heroic welcome to him, when Lala returned to India in Feb 1920. Welcome Addresses were presented to him in Bombay, Delhi and Lahore. He was elected as the president of the special session of the Congress held in September 1920.


He formed the Congress Independence Party in protest against the Jalianwala Bagh Massacre , where 1600 rounds were fired by the British into a thick crowd of more than 20000, which included women and children, causing a stampede.. 120 bodies were pulled out of the well, without bullet injuries, such was the terror unleashed on 13th April 1919.


Below check out a video of the Martyr's well.



Sardar Udham Singh avenged this massacre on 13th March 1940 by putting two bullets into General Dyer, who lead the massacre , at Caxton hall in England.  On 31st July 1940 Udham Singh was hung in Pentonville prison, but not before he was merilessly tortured .. Udham Singh is known as the "Tiger of Punjab".  He survived the Jallianwala Bagh massacre,  and since he was a water bearer volunteer,  he gave several dying souls their last sip of water, reprogramming his DNA..




See picture above-- we are a grateful nation, right?

Lala Lajpat rai was elected President of the Congress party in the Calcutta Special Session of 1920.



Lajpat Rai's organizing ability and heroic speeches were inspiring. Government was finding it difficult to face the intense Non-cooperation Movement growing day by day. All over the country there were agitation and hartals and the rulers were shaken. Lalaji became a dangerous person in the eyes of the government. In December 1921 Lalaji was arrested. The other leaders of the movement, Motilal Nehru and Chittaranjan Das were also imprisoned.

Lalaji was sentenced to 18 months' rigorous imprisonment. Because of the people's protest and the pleadings by lawyers he was released after two months. It was one o' clock in the night when he was released. When he came to the door , a free man , he was arrested again. He was tried for another offence and was sentenced to rigorous imprisonment for two years--just to break his spirit.


While in jail he was kept in poor conditions. He fell ill and his health deteriorated. When the public learnt this vigorous agitation was started throughout the country for his release. Government released him. Lalaji went to Solan to improve his health.

Lala was was elected to the legislative assembly on his release.

Lalaji went to Europe in 1927 to improve his health.

In 1927 the British Government wanted a report on political reforms in India and on amending the Government of India Act. So it appointed a commission. The commission consisted of Sir John Simon and six other members. All of them were members of the British Parliament. There was not a single Indian as member. It was composed solely of White people. 



The commission was an insult to Indians. These White men were to shape the future of India. The people of India rose as one man against this step. Under Lalaji's leadership, it was resolved to boycott the Simon Commission. Hence the silent and peaceful protest at Lahore railway station.

Katherine Mayo, a foreign journalist, visited India-on invitation from British East India company owner Rothshilds.


American Mayo who studied at Rothschild's institutions in Boston, singled out the "rampant" and fatally weakening sexuality of its males to be at the core of all problems, leading to masturbation, rape, homosexuality, prostitution and venereal diseases and, most importantly, to too early sexual intercourse and premature maternity—yellow journalism at its worst. She found only filth and nauseating smell in Indian civilization, Indian culture , Hinduism and life

The film, Mother India, was created in response to Mayo's book. Her book was burned in India and New York, along with an effigy of its author. It was criticized by a distressed Mahatma Gandhi, who wrote in response:

"This book is cleverly and powerfully written. The carefully chosen quotations give it the false appearance of a truthful book. But the impression it leaves on my mind, is that it is the report of a drain inspector sent out with the one purpose of opening and examining the drains of the country to be reported upon, or to give a graphic description of the stench exuded by the opened drains. If Miss. Mayo had confessed that she had come to India merely to open out and examine the drains of India, there would perhaps be little to complain about her compilation. But she declared her abominable and patently wrong conclusion with a certain amount of triumph:”'the drains are India”.

 Mayo was chosen by Jew Rothschilds ( funded via their agent M Moyca Lewell who was also Mayo's lady life partner ) to white wash his international Opium trade and Slavery trade. She died a painful death after a long illness, divine retribution to this Anglo Saxon supremacist.



 The hit Bollywood movie Mother India was made to counter Mayo.


 I suggest somebody ask our Italian waitress and her "not so bright" son , who will support Italy in a volleyball match with India, who Lala Lajpat Rai is.  Recently her chamchas did an overdrive on TV by advertisements-- IT DOES NOT MATTER WHERE THEY CAME FROM.

Oh yeah?
********************************************************************
MY EXPERIENCE AT MUNDRA PORT , ADANI SEZ- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
MUNDRA PORT,  ADANI PORT AND SPECIAL ECONOMIC ZONE ,   SEZ -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Early this year ( 2012 ) my chemical tanker laden with Methanol from Sohar Oman went to Mundra Port Gujarat for discharge.

I had a bizarre experience there,  never experienced before in my 3 decades of command.

The Methanol at Sohar was loaded under absolute quality control. 

My ship's stainless steel tanks failed the PTT test of wall wash. It was a expensive first foot failure for Capt Vadakayil--for the first time in his life.

Since I always back myself in such bad situations, I  gave a rare challenge.  I contested the Lab report and called in my P&I insurers from London.  

You can read about this by punching into Google search--

 WALL WASH PTT WITHOUT TEARS, CHEMICAL TANKERS- VADAKAYIL.  

Believe me when I say  taking on a shore wall wash lab is always a losing battle. 

To cut a long story short, I won. 

The lab would be put to an strict inspection for vetting their own competence and procedures.

So we went hoppety hop to Mundra Port to discharge this stuff.   

Though my VLCC where I was second mate was the first to discharge at Vadinar SBM terminal and I was engaged in lighterage operations at Sikka , where I commanded mother ships discharging into daughter vessels, later on I lost touch with Gujarat.  I was coming to Gujarat after probably 2 decades.

Of course I used to remember Gujarat. 

We used to go ashore by launch and at low tide the boat had to stop way off the shore. We used to ride piggy back on young guys for a small fee, who would wade through mud and carry us on their backsides till our feet could touch terra firma. And at this time I could see conch shells ( Shank ) as big as large coconuts.



In the evenings, invariably the daughter ship Captain ,would come on my ship with his family and the Loading master, by crane basket transfer ,  to chat over a few beers and have dinner. My wife used to play host . 



Mother ships had bond ( booze ) while daughter ships were coastal and were devoid of bond.

We used to buy large crabs, from fishing boats who came alongside , clean them up and put them in a hundi , with just salt at the bottom and steam them. No water was put. The crabs stewed in their own juices. The flesh of the extraordinary large crabs used to be so tasty. 

Today with the rape of the ecology by mindless sanctions of development-- all this marine ecology has disappeared. Rich mangroves forest areas have been choked. The Gujarat fishermen now have to venture into the Pakistani waters and poach in case they have to make a profit.  Is this the cost of development?

I don't want to take names here.

As a patriotic Indian I was proud after reading about Gautam Adani's initiative and the great strides he had made in starting such a fantastic port, from marshland. Mundra Port was the largest among 12 private ports of India. 

The first bad taste came when the agents send a email stating that unless I waive all my rights away, i cannot berth at Mundra Port-- and that every ship till now has signed such a waiver. 

My ship had to berth on 100 % terms of Mundra Port, come hell , come high water.  I have never seen such a legal document like this, ever before.

Naturally I had to refer this to my owners in Japan and my Managers in Singapore.  

My charterers in USA , was quick in imploring that I should sign this waiver as soon as possible. To cut a long story short, I was forced to sign this, against my better judgement on being advised to do so by the owners of the ship.

Between the time the pilot boarded to berth the ship and the time I dropped off the outgoing pilot, after discharging all the Methanol, Mundra port became my least favourite port among the all the ports of this planet.

First of all my ship was berthed at a unsafe coal jetty, with trucks and cars driving past, and at least 2 dozen people on the quay using their mobile phones. 

There was NOT a single employee, port official (like Customs/Immigration etc)  or a service provider in the port, who did NOT curse Adani Inc under his breath. 

It left me wondering -what the hell, are these guys jealous of a young successful Indian entrepreneur Gautam Adani , when actually they should be proud of him ?

They all gave me unsolicited information that Gautam Adani was a pauper who rose up to dizzying heights not because of his brains , but because of his wheeling and dealing.

One of his own school mates at CN Seth Vidyalaya told me about young Gautam Adani . That he was from a impoverished family, and that he lacked the grey matter in class etc.

Again I told myself-- sheer jealousy.

But then could everybody be wrong? 

So I challenged this man to authenticate his charges. 

So he says  'The whole of Gujarat knows that all this land of area 14500 acres or 5.8 crore square metres of land has been given to him for single digit rupee cost -- without auction !"

To be frank I was a bit shocked.  

If so how is that nobody has filed a complaint? Surely some business rival should take him on?  Are we not in the age of Anna Hazare?

Suddenly my Peruvian Chief Officer calls me up on walkie talkie and says "  Sir, the cargo  tank surveyors are opening out the tanks domes to do open sampling. If we do NOT start cargo within 2 hours of coming alongside ( not gangway down ). there will be some thousand US dollars fine for the next minute and then every hour after that"

To add to our woes dozens of labourers were tipping coal from the empty chutes and I had a fine layer of black coal all over my grey deck, including my nostrils.

Methanol is such a clean cargo, that you cant even have a speck of dust in the cargo.

I tried to expostulate, being an Indian , I did NOT want to make an issue in an Indian port, if things could be reasoned out amicably.

This is when I notices the arrogance of the port. Never seen anything like thing before in any other port in the world.  They stopped the tipping , when I said I will inform the buyers or Methanol, within an hour.

The top managers of the port ( no names!) , punch drunk with power, were absolutely sure of themselves.  " This is our way, If you don't like it you can cast off your ship on your account and drop anchor!  If the other ship on the next berth can do open ullaging ( Indian SCI ship with diesel ) , why cant you do it? "

They made a big mistake. 

They were cocky enough and gave this in writing by email via the agents. Which I promptly forwarded to my P&I in London.  

Surely Mundra -- nay Adani port is NOT gonna get any awards in the near future-- like how they wrangled the "BEST PORT OF THE YEAR AWARD 2006" from Lloyds London.

The Adani brand had taken a huge dent because of this incident, in the foreign shipping circles.  Never mind their local clout!

Trying to rush cargo surveyors to do open ullaging on 28 nos SS tanks full of Methanol, is so dangerous --in fact more dangerous than putting a cobra in your only child's bedroom and locking the door.

 14500 acres or 5.8 crore square metres of land bought for single digit rupee cost per sq metre -- without auction, in the year 2003 - 

WOW !

-- if this is NOT wheeling and dealin' and favouritism , what else could it be? 



And we have put poor Raja in jail. 

In USA lobbyists are official pimps who do the wheeling -dealin' and bribery.  

The CBI had 5,851 recordings of “wheeling and dealing”  phone conversations by Nira Radia Radia, some of which clearly outline Radia's attempts to broker deals in relation to the 2G spectrum sale. The tapes demonstrate how Radia attempted to powerful media persons to influence the decision to appoint A. Raja as telecom minister. She was Ratan Tata’s lobbyist. 


Punch into google search PERSONAL BRANDING- VADAKAYIL.

Top managers of ports must care about not denting their own brand. If Gautam Adani reads this post, he must bear this in mind. 

Gautam Adani was in the first floor restaurant Chambers of Taj hotel Mumbai when Paki terrorists attacked -- and he was rescued after 2 hours by commandos.



At Mundra port if the Captain does NOT meet the corrupt gratuity demands ( excessive ) of the boarding customs officer on arival , he can forget about receiving provisions and stores.  Customs have been given unlimited powers quoting LEVEL 2  security.  And finally the Captain has waived all his powers to this private port.

So, from now on anybody who punches ito Google search MUNDRA PORT EXPERIENCE , will see this post on page one among thousands-- such is the readership I command.

When Mundra port's top bosses send a communication to a senior Indian Master , Capt Vadakayil, telling him to FU#K OFF,  they never anticipated this permanent dent in their brand, right?

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
POWER GRID FAILURE INDIA, APOCALYPSE NOW- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ARMAGEDDON NOW , SOLAR FLARES , GEOMAGNETIC STORMS , POWER GRID FAILURE IN INDIA -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Two years back I had frantic queries on my blog site asking if there would be a Apocalypse on Dec 21st 2012, as per Maya Danava's calendar. The open pointed out tongue points to this date after a 26,000 precession cycle. I was quick to state that it is just a date for up gradation of our junk DNA.




I noticed I was alone on the Internet when I stated this-- what with dozens of scares including Planet X and Niburu, crashing down on earth.
Since yesterday I have a strong feeling, that if we citizens of planet earth are NOT careful, we can indeed have a apocalypse like predicted on the Mayan calendar. It is about power grid failures and the domino effects--i will talk about this later on in this post. The power grid failure is the small spark which will cause terribly destructive after effects.

I had also said in several of my posts that World war 3 will be fought by Scalar wave howitzers and EMPs. Geomagnetic storm effetcs are like severe EMPs.



Yesterday 1/3 or India had power grid failure  and 620 million people were without power. If I were a terrorist, I could have destroyed that part of India yesterday.



It was amusing to watch TV anchor Arnab Goswami --wannabe Wolf Blitzer--nay- Edison, of Times Now TV, with a huge graph in front of him, playing blame game.


It was more amusing to watch our Power Minister, displaying his lack of accountability. He can afford to be so, he is on a good wicket with the ruling powers.





Most of Pakistan, along with northern India, also suffered long blackouts.  In some cities, mobs burnt tyres and suspended traffic. TV footage showed angry protesters chanting slogans against the authorities for failure to ensure smooth power supply during the holy Muslim month of Ramazan. I am sure UP CM Akhilesh did NOT steal power from Pakistan.
Blackout trips do NOT happen by sustained heavy drawing-- but but sudden surge.
Given that rains had arrived, temperature was down in north India so there was less requirement for a power overdraw. For example, the temperature in New Delhi on 31st July was 25.4 degrees Celsius, more than ten degrees below what it had been during the peak of the summer heat. If electricity overuse was the sole cause of the power failure, because of too many people drawing power, this would have happened before now. No working ATMs made life for the common man miserable. People in high rises had no water to wash their backsides or flush the toilet.

On the day of the collapse, Power Minister Sushil Kumar Shinde stated that the exact cause of the failure was unknown, but that at the time of the failure, electricity use was "above normal".







He speculated that some states had attempted to draw more power than permitted due to the higher consumption. Spokesperson for Power Grid Corporation of India Limited (PGCIL) and the Northern Regional Load Dispatch Centre (NRLDC) stated that Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Haryana were the states responsible for the overdraw


You may find this bizarre- but I went to bed on Sunday night expecting this on Tuesday, somewhere on this planet in high North latitude ..




On July28th 2012 , a  medium-size M6-class solar flare erupted from the sun, hurling a cloud of plasma and charged particles toward Earth, to impact the magnetic field of planet earth  , by a glancing blow on July 31st 2012—Tuesday.



We must expect  more powerful and fast-moving CMEs to hit the earth head on by end 2012, which will trigger strong geomagnetic storms that cause radio blackouts and disrupt power grids and other communications infrastructure.  These clouds of charged particles can also knock out satellites as they travel through space.




Already HAARP systems can form a 

curvature lens on the ionosphere , to 

beam a geomagnetic storm at a place 

of their choosing- at low latitudes. 





 I will NOT be surprised if this was indeed the case when our power grids got knocked out. Believe me when I say, this is NOT pseudo science or a conspiracy theory.


 Few months ago my son in USA wanted to travel to Alaska to see the colourful borealis sky lights and auroras . 




His enthusiasm waned when I told him that the Alaskan auroras are man made by HAARP.



When CMEs hit the earth’s magnetic field , you can see the spectacular northern and southern lights.Very strong geomagnetic storms can generate auroras at lower-than-normal latitudes.  X-class solar flares are the strongest type of solar eruptions, with M-class flares ranking as medium-strength, and C-class flares representing the weakest type.


The sun's activity waxes and wanes on a roughly 11-year cycle.

Our sun has just woken up like Kumbakharna from a deep slumber, and is approaching a period of high turbulence, referred to as the solar maximum. Power grids are more vulnerable than ever due to their  interconnectedness.  When there is high solar activity, it is foolishness to deliver cheap electricity from a far away grid. The power ministry must give orders regarding this.


In recent years, utilities have joined grids together to allow long-distance transmission of to areas of sudden high demand.It makes good economic sense—but pathetic geomagnetic sense.  Interconnectedness makes the system susceptible to wide-ranging , domino effects and “cascade failures.”



Super genius Nikola Tesla demonstrated the meaning of ground currents when he used to stick bulbs into the soil and cause them to glow.

Ground currents and induced voltage surges can damage to modern power grid transformers , and knock off power. A geomagnetic storm is a temporary disturbance of the Earth's magnetosphere caused by a disturbance in the interplanetary medium.. A geomagnetic storm is caused by a solar wind shock wave and/or cloud of magnetic field which interacts with the Earth's magnetic field.


The increase in the solar wind pressure initially compresses the magnetosphere and the solar wind's magnetic field will interact with the Earth’s magnetic field and transfer an increased amount of energy into the magnetosphere. Both interactions cause an increase in movement of plasma through the magnetosphere (driven by increased electric fields inside the magnetosphere) and an increase in electric current in the magnetosphere and ionosphere.


The loss of electricity for a few days would ripple across the social infrastructure with water deprivation, perished food and medications , loss of ventilation, communications, fuel supply, transportation, GPS, Internet, banking etc.


Geomagnetic storms and increased solar ultraviolet emission heat Earth's upper atmosphere, causing it to expand. The heated air rises, and the density at the orbit of satellites up to about 1,000 km  increases significantly. This results in increased drag on satellites in space, causing them to slow and change orbit slightly. The upper atmosphere can even be pushed up into a convex lens by man made HAARP.  Unless Low Earth Orbit satellites are routinely boosted to higher orbits, they slowly fall, and eventually burn up in Earth's atmosphere.


Energetic solar particles  can cause physical damage to microchips and can change software commands in satellite-borne computers. During geomagnetic storms, the number and energy of electrons and ions increase. When a satellite travels through this energized environment, the charged particles striking the spacecraft cause different portions of the spacecraft to be differentially charged.  Eventually, electrical discharges can arc across spacecraft components,  disabling them.


You get 3 days warning before a geomagnetic storm. Power companies can minimize damage to power transmission equipment, by momentarily disconnecting transformers or by inducing temporary blackouts. Preventative measures also exist, including preventing the inflow of GICs into the grid through the neutral-to-ground connection. The electrical engineers employed in India on national power grids must be proficient in this science.


A time-varying magnetic field external to the Earth induces telluric currents -- electric currents in the conducting ground. These currents create a secondary (internal) magnetic field. As a consequence of Faraday's law of induction, an electric field at the surface of the Earth is induced associated with time variations of the magnetic field.  The surface electric field causes electrical currents, known as geomagnetically induced currents (GIC), of hundreds of amperes  to flow in any conducting structure, for example, a power or pipeline grid grounded in the Earth. This electric field, measured in V/km, acts as a voltage source across networks.


India must invest in research into GIC risk and in developing mitigation strategies. Natinal level drills must be conducted with the PM himself in charge, to give authenticity. Our enemies can destroy India , if we are NOT careful in this regard.


GIC risk can, be reduced by capacitor blocking systems, maintenance schedule changes, additional on-demand generating capacity, and more easily, load shedding.



A coronal mass ejection (CME) is an ejection of material from the solar corona. They occur when a large bubble of plasma escapes the sun's gravitational field and travels through space to the earth at high speeds over the course of several hours.


The ejected plasma consists primarily of electrons and protons (in addition to small quantities of heavier elements such as helium, oxygen, and iron), plus the en training coronal magnetic field.

Plasma is essentially electrically charged (ionized) gas, consisting of free-moving electrons and ions (atoms that have lost electrons). On earth, we are familiar with the ordinary states of matter: solids, liquids and gases. But in the universe at large, plasma is by far the most common form. Plasma in the stars and the space between them makes up 99 percent of the visible universe.



Magnetic storms usually last a little more than a day , by the effects can be for years. Fiber optic lines and underground cables are not affected.


Power companies, which operate long open transmission lines (many kilometers in length), are subject to damage by this effect. India must NOT invest in foreign power companies like Enron, running the show in India, for our own security.

By receiving geomagnetic storm alerts and warnings . from our Space Weather prediction Center , power companies must minimize damage to power transmission equipment, by momentarily disconnecting transformers or by inducing temporary blackouts.

Space weather stations like ACE provide an advance warning (about one hour) of geomagnetic storms that can overload power grids, disrupt communications on Earth.



This is more than enough time to shunt loads, or shut different parts of the grid. It’s a difficult call to make, and false alarms piss our Janata.

Better to be safe than to be sorry, unless you have dozens of spare EHV  transformers , at suitable locations. EHV transformers are custom designed for each installation and are made to order, weighing as much as 300 tons each, and must be in stock. The PM and Defence Minister must be involved in this inventory. India must make our own EHV transformers.


Long term preventative measures must be charted to protect against Coronal Mass Ejections, ( and also military attack EMPs ) including digging transmission cables into the soil, placing lightning rods on transmission wires, reducing the operating voltages of transformers, and using cables that are shorter than 10 kilometers. It might also be possible to develop and deploy large resistors that would add another level of protection to large transformers.

Society's dependence on gadgets leaves our way of life vulnerable to space weather.


Till India has the technology to  predict such solar storm, it is better to shield  the electrical grid by shutting off power to some of the vulnerable areas having nuclear plants ,military communication units, until the danger passes.


If the nuclear facility’s backup generators either fail to start, or run out of fuel, the reactor cores will start to melt down. After a few days without electricity to run the cooling system pumps, the water bath covering the spent fuel rods stored in “spent fuel ponds” will boil away, allowing the stored fuel rods to melt down and burn . Since the Nuclear Regulatory Commission (NRC) currently mandates that only one week’s supply of backup generator fuel needs to be stored at each reactor site, it is likely that after we witness the spectacular night-time celestial light show from the next extreme GMD we will have about one week in which to prepare ourselves for Armageddon.


India must start making Thorium Nuclear plants to reduce this danger. I am NOT being ahead of our times here. 




Since India has the worlds best Thorium reserves, theWest is tripping over each other to offer us OBSELETE Uranium powered nuclear reactors. Thorium contains 150 times more energy than Uranium and is the MOST efficient combustible. Since Thorium is only slightly radio active , it is clean with no burden of nuclear waste disposal. . A thorium-powered reactor is inherently safe. It doesn't run the risk of "meltdown" or explosion nor can even a dirty bomb be created. Its nuclear reaction simply stops when its neutron exciter is turned off.
 

Think of an EMP as a super-powerful radio wave capable of inducing damaging voltage spikes in electrical wires and electronic devices across vast geographical areas. What is generally referred to as an EMP strike is the deliberate detonation of a nuclear device at a high altitude, roughly defined as somewhere 40 and 400 kilometers above the surface of the earth. Nuclear detonations of this type have the potential to cause serious damage to electronics and electrical power grids along their line of sight, covering huge distances on the order of a circular area 2,500 kilometers in diameter.The geomagnetic effects of extreme solar storms are sometimes also described as a “natural EMP”.




An  EMP attack would also cause widespread grid collapse. A powerful  EMP  from a sub-orbital nuclear detonation would cause extreme electromagnetic effects, starting with an initial short duration “speed of light” pulse, referred to as an “E1” effect, followed by a middle duration pulse called an “E2” effect, which is followed by a longer duration disturbance known as an “E3” effect. The “E1” effect lasts on the order of a few nanoseconds.The intermediate “E2” effects last a fraction of a second


In the case of a nuclear induced EMP, its E3 effect starts after about a half second and may continue for several minutes. The E3 effect can be thought of as a “long slow burn”, and electromagnetically it is quite similar to the effects from an extreme GMD. The main difference between the E3 from an EMP and what occurs during an extreme GMD is that the EMP effect may continue for  a number of minutes, whereas the extreme GMD may continue for a number of hours or days. However, the magnitude of the induced magnetic field strengths from an EMP attack and an extreme GMD are about the same, with similar potential for causing severe damage to EHV transformers across the affected areas.



Inside the affected area, an EMP’s E3 effect would cause a similar degree of damage to the EHV transformers as that from an extreme GMD, but the E1 and E2 effects would cause far greater damage to electronic control systems than that from a GMD of similar intensity. Contrary to popular opinion, most personal electronic devices would probably survive with little or no damage, especially if they were not turned on at the moment of EMP, as would most automobiles.

However, most complex electronic systems that contained digital microchips in combination with long runs of Ethernet cables (or other interconnecting cabling) which act like antennas for receiving EMP induced voltage spikes, would experience nearly 100% failure. 

 


A “successful” EMP attack launched would result in the immediate collapse of the power grid, and crash the stock market.
 We must have backup generators, inside EMP-hardened steel containers to be available for quick change-out in the event that any of these items were damaged by an EMP or GMD.

High-voltage transformers must be directly connected to the ground to neutralize power surges from lightning strikes and other transient phenomen.




Modern digital automatic electronic control systems are highly susceptible to damage from EMP. These systems include programmable logic controllers (PLC), digital control systems (DCS), and supervisory control and data acquisition systems (SCADA), all of which are absolutely critical for running factories, refineries, power plants, nuclear reactors, sewage plants, etc., as well as for diagnosing problems. This is why on our ships we do NOT do any welding without a return current cable. It is prevent corruption damage to PLCs and microprocessors -- NOT to prevent fires .




GPS devices, which we totally depend on provide navigational help , and missile launch guidances, also serve as time synchronizers for computer networks and electronic equipment. Not preparing for this scenario can result in such terrible suffering, death, and environmental destruction on a scale not seen since the extinction of the dinosaurs some 65 million years ago.

 The vulnerability of both the grid and modern microelectronics to debilitating damage from severe electromagnetic disturbances and electromagnetic pulse (EMP) resulting from the deliberate detonation of a nuclear device at a high altitude above the earth, must be taken most seriously..


Above Queen Bee loyalist Shinde!
We cant have jokers blaming each other on National TV.





Better heat resistant non-boiling transformer oils  must be invented .
India must have a station like the Space Weather Prediction Center in Boulder, Colorado, to give 15 to 45 minutes warning of any solar onslaught. It must be remembered that when the tsunami engulfed eastern India a decade ago, the diabolical West just kept quiet.  

India must NOT be blinded when our future Gagan GPS satellites get knocked out by solar flares.  Land and sea based HF towers must be rigged.  In 2003, a magnetic storm triggered malfunctions in 47 satellites.

Backup diesel generators for the military , law enforcement and other critical facilities would be vulnerable if they depend on diesel or natural gas, which also rely on "non gravity tanks " and pipelines for resupply.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
COMMON CHARACTERS OF RAMAYANA AND MAHABHARATA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
COMMON CHARACTERS OF RAMAYANA AND MAHABHARATA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


In the post MAYA , INCA , AZTEC CIVILIZATIONS DECODED – VADAKAYIL,  a reader, who wishes to be anonymous raised a query.  


He wants to know why I have put Mahabharata at 4000BC and Ramayana at 4300BC.


 Many others have raised this query-- and I have just told them, that I use my perception.

I guess I will have to put a separate post on PERCEPTION and RELATIVITY .

We humans are superior to animals , because we are conscious creatures.  This is why we can see our image in the mirror.


The river Saraswati which is mentioned several dozen times in Rig Veda dried up in 4000 BC, as determined by scientific tests, and satellite mapping. Rig Veda talks about river Ganges only once.


Read my post MOTHER OF ALL CIVILIZATIONS- VADAKAYIL. Krisha’s brother Balarama describes the drying up river , as he walks down the banks.


There are several characters who are common both to Ramayana and Mahabharata. Hanuman and Bhima as both Vayu’s children.   Hanuman belongs to Ramayana while Bhima and his wife Draupadi belongs to Mahabharata. An old Hanuman told Bhima ( searching for a flower for Draupadi ) who was vain about his great strength to lift his tail and Bhima could not.


In addition there are several other characters common to both epics, like Narada,  Durvasha Muni , Parashurama ( who can live as long as he wants ) etc.  Those days people lived for more than 180 years. The Maharishis with 12 strand DNA lived much longer.


The Yugas have been fudged by the translating West, who wanted to throw a cloud.


Vasishtha’s son Sakthi, had a son called Parasara and Parasara’s son was Veda Vyasa, who wrote the Mahabharata .  So this means Vasishtha was the great grandfather of Vyasa.  Brahmarshi Vasishtha lived from the time of Satyavrata Manu, to the time of Sri Rama.  Sri Rama was Vasistha’s student.


Lord Krishna was named by Garga, the son of Bharadwaja, who was quoted by Parasara in the Brihat Parasara Hora Sastra.  Viswamitra the Guru of Lord Rama’s teacher was the grand –uncle of Parashurama. Viswamitra’s sister, Satyavati, was the grandmother of Parasurama. 




So Viswamitra was the grand-uncle of Parasurama.  Young Viswamitra and Vasishtha had once fought with each other. .


Parasurama who fought with Kshatriya kings had spared the life of Dasaratha, the father of Lord Rama. . At Sri Rama’s wedding, Parasurama challenged him to hold the bow of Lord Vishnu—the  Chapam. . Parasurama killed Karthavirya Arjuna, who had  defeated Ravana.  


Maya Danava who build the Indraprasta palace hall for Yuddhistira was Ravana’s father in law. . Parasurama gave his axe to Drona. Drona was the Guru of Vyasa’s grandchildren, the Kauravas and the Pandavas.


Drona’s father was the Maharishi Bharadwaja, who was the pupil of Valmiki, who wrote Ramayana. .


Valmiki looked after Rama’s wife Sita and raised Rama’s children Lav and Khush.


Valmiki was a friend of King Dasaratha, the father of Lord Rama.



Bharadwaja’s daughter married  Visrava and her son was Kubera, the elder half-brother of Ravana. Drona’s father was Bharadwaja.


This means Maharishi Vyasa, Sri Rama and Maharishi Valmiki were of the same generation, which makes Lord Rama belong the grandfather generation of Sri Krishna.


Bhishma’s father Santanu, married Vyasa’s mother Satyavati after Vyasa was born.  Vyasa’s parents were Parasara and Satyavati, and Bhishma’s parents were Santanu and Ganga Devi.  This means Bhishma was a brother to Vyasa and of the same generation as Sri Rama.


Ravana’s grandfather Pulastya, told the story of the Big Bang to Bhishma at Gangadwar. (Padma Puranam). Since Sri Rama and Ravana fought each other in Ramayana , this means Bhishma of Mahabharata was of the same generation as Lord Rama.  


Pulastya belonged to the grandfather’s generation of Bhishma. 


Bhishma fought the older Parasurama, and after several days of fighting they called a truce . Jilted Amba jumped into the Homam fire— triggering off Sabarimala Pilgrimage in Kerala.


Maharishi Agastya  gave weapon to Lord Rama before he went to Lanka.  


Maharishi Atri ( of Sapta Rishi fame ) , the husband of  Anasuya, gave Sita ornaments . Maharishi Bhardwaja (grandfather of Ravana’s half brother and Valmiki’s disciple). )


Maharishi Bhrigu whose son was Richika and grandson was Jamadagni was Parasurama’s great grandfather.


Maharishi Durvasa was the son of Maharishi Atri and Anasuya, visited the Pandavas in exile.. Durvasha gave a mantra to Kunti, the mother of eldest 3 Pandavas for getting children.. 




Karna , whom Kunti put in a river , is thus Kunti's child with Surya.



Durvasha who had a bad temper, cursed Shakuntala, the daughter of Vishwamitra.


Jambavanta when young had fought in Lord Rama’s army. His daughter Jambavathi married Lord Krishna. Kohinoor diamond of British queen’s head, was Jambavanta’s diamond and he gave it to Lord Krishna.


Mainda and Dwivida, the Vanara heroes who in the army of Lord Rama , were killed by Lord Krishna’s brother Balarama when they attacked Dwaraka.  Lord  Krishna gave us the Bhagavad Gita which is the essence of all the Upanishads.

Upanishads are the concluding portion of the Vedas. This means Vedas were written before Upanishads.


Rig Veda talks about Saraswati river.  Balarama describes the drying river Saraswati as he walks along the banks. . The Katha Upanishad is just a conversation between Gauthama’s great grand son Nachiketas and Mrtyu (the god of death). Naachiketas was of Drona’s generation.  


The meaning of the word Upanishad is to sit nearby. In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion, rare in the history of thought.


Balarama, the brother of Lord Krishna, visited King Janaka, Rama’s wife Sita’s father. He trained Duryodhana in Gada Yuddha ( battle with the heavy mace club) at Mithila..

I can take this post to 50 pages-- it is NOT worth it.



(Srimad-Bhagavatam First Canto, Chapter 3, text 24)

Here's the account from the "Ramayana" of Sage Valmiki about the construction of Ram Sethu bridge 30 kilometers long :

"At Rama's command, those lions among the monkeys entered the mighty forest with alacrity in hundreds and thousands on every side and those leaders on the simian tribes, tearing up the rocks, which in size they resembled, and the trees also dragged them to the sea and they covered the ocean with Sala, Ashvararna, (list of tree names).Those foremost monkeys transported those trees, with or without roots, bearing them like so many standards of Indra (the king of heaven) and they heaped (list of tree names) here and there. With the aid of mechanical devices, those powerful colossi dug up stones as big as elephants and rocks, and the water suddenly spouted into the air only to fall instantly. Thereafter those monkeys churned up the sea by rushing into it on all sides pulling on the chains.


"That immense causeway constructed by Nala in the bosom of the sea was built by the arms of those monkeys of formidable exploits and it extended over a hundred leagues.

"Some brought trunks of trees and others set them up; it was by hundreds and thousands that those monkeys, like unto giants, made use of reeds, logs and blossoming trees to construct that bridge, rushing hither and thither with blocks of stone resembling mountains or the peaks of crags, which, flung into the sea, fell with a resounding crash.


"The first day those monkeys resembling elephants, or immense energy, full of high spirits and exceedingly merry, erected fourteen leagues of masonry. The second day, those highly active monkeys of formidable stature set up twenty leagues. Bestirring themselves, those giants threw twenty-one leagues of structure over the ocean on the third day and on the fourth, working feverishly, they built up twenty-two leagues in extent. The fifth day, those monkeys, industrious workers, reached to twenty-three leagues distance from the further shore.


"That fortunate and valiant son of Vishvakarma (architect of the demigods), leader of the monkeys, constructed a causeway worthy of his sire over the ocean and that bridge erected by Nala over the sea, the haunt of whales, dazzling in its perfection and splendor, was like the constellation of Svati in space.

"Then the gods, Gandharvas, Siddhas (living beings superior to humans) and supreme Rishis (great sages) assembled in the sky, eager to see that masterpiece, and the gods and Gandharvas gazed on that causeway, so difficult of construction, that was ten leagues in width and a hundred in length built by Nala.


"Those monkeys thereafter dived, swam and shouted at the sight of that unimaginable marvel that was almost inconceivable and caused one to tremble! And all beings beheld that causeway thrown over the ocean and by hundreds and thousands of kotis (millions), those monkeys, full of valor, having built that bridge over the immense repository of waters, reached the opposite shore.


"Vast, well-constructed, magnificent with its wonderful paved floor, solidly cemented, that great causeway like unto a line traced on the waves, resembled the parting of a woman's hair.







A speed of the sun is given based on the Rig Veda of 5000 BC.. 

That speed is: 2,202 yojanas in half a nimesa. 

These are given in ancient indian units. Here is a conversion: 

A yojanas is 8000 Dhanus/bows and each bow is 6 feet  

A nimesa is 16/73 of a second, as deduced from the following in the Purans:  

15 nimesa = 1 Kastha

30 Kastha = 1 Kala

30 Kala = 1 Mahutra

30 Malhutra = 1 day and night


If we convert them to their equivalent modern units, where each yojanas is 9 miles and each nimesha is 16/73.3 seconds, substituting it into the speed of the sun by the Rig Veda gives the speed of the sun as 186,536 miles per second. The most accurate figure for the speed of light as of today is 186,282 miles per second.


This means the Rig Veda figure is 99% accurate to the modern figure. This kind of accuracy can only be achieved with laser technology and highly sophisticated measuring equipment. However, this just corroborates what we already know from the Vymanika Shastra, that they did indeed have laser technology.

But according to our Queen bee, we Indians are stupid-- mind you, only Hindus.. Converted Indian Christians are geniuses and she trusts them ..



Above Ambika Soni- a Christian favourite of Queen Bee , who sports a bindi to fool the masses.

So when a Italian waitress , ( her crypto-Hindu sychophants and her desh drohi coterie, who love her and her "not so bright " son more than their motherland ) -- says that Ram Sethu is a delusion of a morbid Hindu mind-- what can I say?   



She loves to kick 1 billion Hindus on their heads , and this makes Vatican very happy.



This is our past culture right?  




A poor Indian does NOT take to crime, because of his staunch beliefs, right?  



Non violent and vegetarian India has never attacked any other country till now-- and as a result our Muslim and Christian  invaders murdered 90 million Hindus. 



What was the religion of Jesus Christ before Christianity? Or for the matter Mohammed before Islam?--did some one say PAGAN , religion?  




Hinduism is 7000 years older than Christianityand 7600 years older than Islam.




To be frank, I do NOT respond with great diligence to anonymous people.  I put my picture in every post --because I take responsibilty for every word. 


Note: The Institute for Scientific Research on Vedas (I-SERVE), planetarium software has ascertained the birth of Lord Rama as 10th January 5114 BC in Ayodhya. As per the Indian calendar the time of the birth is in-between 12 noon and 1pm, Shukla Paksha in Chaitra month.
********************************************************************
CHIKUNGUNYA, A DISEASE CREATED IN A LAB- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CHIKUNGUNYA, A DISEASE CREATED IN A LAB -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Chikungunya virus (CHIKV)  is a US lab produced strain and is transmitted to humans by virus-carrying Aedes Aegypti and Aedes Albopictus mosquitoes.  

Below: This mosquito bites primarily in the day time -- when the skies are cloudy


There is NO God's immunity or cure-- never mind the claims of greedy pharmaceutical companies and the evil doctors in their payroll.

There are other strains like Ross river fever, Dengue fever,  Break bone fever , O Nyong Nyong fever etc , but they are NOT as potent at Chikungunya strain.

In 1981 USA tried it on Cuba to teach Fidel Castro a lesson.

Once this virus enters a living cell, it is capable of replicating itself by taking over the metabolic processes of the invaded cell.  Chikungunya belongs to the alphavirus family


The incubation period is usually 1-12 days. This means the disease manifests 1 to 12 days after the bite of the mosquito. Chikunguniya is diagnosed by virus isolation test, antibody testing of IgM as well as by genetic identification of virus gene structures. Detection of either C or E1 genome indicates positive result, similarly increased antibody also mark presence of Chikungunya virus.

This is NOT a contagious disease. The symptoms of Chikungunya include fever, chills, nausea, headaches and arthritis (joint pain) .


The extreme bone joint pain pain caused by this disease takes nearly two year to dissipate on older citizens, and in many cases they never recover.  Older people have to literally crawl to the toilet and cannot even feed themselves. You cant hold the driving wheel or wear shoes as the big toe pains.

Some people have rash on torso and limbs (small red spots that do not disappear when the skin is pressed, which are caused by broken capillaries)


The fever literally destroys your immunity system.  The virus poses a great threat to aged people. It can cause paralysis, kidney and liver disorder and cerebral problems. The long term effect is mental deterioration and loss of clear thinking capability.  Chikungunya eats up your system bit by bit till it completely exhausts almost all the functioning organs in the human body



The United States biological weapons program officially began in spring 1943 on orders from Jewish U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt. A biological weapon can be more effective, pound for pound, than a nuclear bomb.  Since this disease in man made in the US lab, it has NO cure. U.S. bio-weapons facility was located at Camp Detrick in Maryland under the auspices of the Research and Engineering Division of the U.S. Army Chemical Corps.


The U.S. also maintained bio-warfare facilities at Fort Terry, an animal research facility on Plum Island.  The storage dump was at Pine Bluff Arsenal . In 1969, President Richard Nixon ended all offensive aspects of the U.S. bio-weapons program. It was President Nixon who called a halt to the Agent Orange Chemical warfare on Vietnam-- yet Nixon is the favourite whipping boy of the Rothschild controlled press.



It is the female mosquito that feeds on blood as it requires the blood protein to produce its eggs. The female Aedes mosquito searches for suitable places to lay their eggs and it is usually the stagnant water.  The male mosquitoes usually feed only on plant nectar.  Aedes Aegypti and Aedes Albopictus mosquitoes causing Chinkungunya usually bite during the day, unlike those that cause malaria, and their biting spree lasts from dawn to dusk— during overcast monsoon season in India the day is NOT so bright..


The mosquito is attracted by the body odours, carbon dioxide and heat emitted from the animal or humans. You will do well to camouflage this.


Since this disease ( like AIDS )  is NOT a god made disease but a man made one in the US Lab, the only "preventive" solution can be to produce a genetically modified MALE mosquito which will mate with the virus carrying  FEMALE to produce weak off springs or NIL off springs.
This is a huge risk however, and hence must be done by intelligent people..
Another solution will be to generate the same sound frequency of the female mosquito which is in repulsive resonance .

Since disease created in a lab has an lab antidote, it has been reported when the disease breaks out, Christian missionaries set up medical camps and heal the victims who have given up hope in 3 days flat-- just by PRAYING TO JESUS AND SHOUTING HALLLELLLUJAAAAH!. This is part 2 of the Joshua project.





The average lifespan of a platelet is normally just 8 days. If the number of platelets is too low, excessive bleeding can occur. However, if the number of platelets is too high, blood clots can form (thrombosis), which may obstruct blood vessels and result in such events as a stroke, myocardial infarction, pulmonary embolism or the blockage of blood vessels to other parts of the body, such as the extremities of the arms or legs. A normal platelet count in a healthy individual is more than 160,000 per μL (microlitre) of blood . 



Chikungunya causes very low blood platelet count.




Ayurveda cure:  Put two papaya leaves in a mixer and extract the juice. A teaspoonful of the green juice can be given once in 6 hours, as a stabilizer for Chinkungunya, to increase the platelet count. It works like magic.



Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
LONDON OLYMPICS 2012, USAIN BOLT WINS 100 METRES DASH- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
LONDON OLYMPICS 2012, USAIN BOLT  BAGS GOLD IN 100 METRES SPRINT-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Bolt has just won  the London Olympics 100m final clocking 9.63 seconds , in the second fastest time he has ever run,  just 0.05 seconds outside his own world record.

He made the whole glittering field look  like also-rans.  Bolt  had made the impossible look mundane.  
Bolt's training partner and fellow Jamaican, Yohan Blake, finished second in 9.75. American Justin Gatlin took bronze in 9.79.

The imperiousness with which Usain Bolt demolished the vocal doubts over his infallibility, made the denizens of this planet wonder why did they ever doubt him.   Is he still the best? Are his best years behind him? Is he lazy?  Is he too laid back for a world class sprinter?

Usain Bolt has now moved into the realms of living legends and arguably the greatest athlete ever. For the 100 metres dash is the most played sport on this planet.

It is NOT some bullshit curling ( spare me!), fencing, boat pulling, horse jumping, wind surfing,  gymnastics etc, Western nations have made and introduced to gain easy medals to show a good medal tally and hence racial superiority.

When Usain Bolt won the gold in the 100 metres dash of Beijing Olympics, 4 years ago, jealous Carl Lewis scuttled his  grace, frothed from his mouth and bitched. He insinuated that Bolt (who is taller and fitter than him) , took drugs as his timing was out of this world. 
Carl Lewis, who has always been miserly with praise for Bolt, has now lost his place in history, where Bolt now reigns supreme. Carl Lewis will do well to remember that he won 4 gold Olympic medals at the truncated Los Angeles Olympics of 1984, which the Eastern block ( half the world ) boycotted. These sheenless gold medals are half size—nay—semi circular.


Bolt spake after the race,  ‘‘I’ve said it from the start: people can talk, all they can do is talk. I tell you people that when it comes to the championships, it’s all about business to me and I brought it.’’

Bolt usually stumbles off the blocks in a ungainly manner .  

‘‘My start wasn’t the best but my coach already explained to me, ‘Forget about the start, you are never a good starter’.   So I looked past that and I came out there with just one goal: to get out a good start and then the last 50 metres are where I shine, so I just did that. ‘‘

Bolt had admitted before the race that he had a bad back and a niggling hamstring. He was on the quiet visiting Dr Hans-Wilhelm Müller-Wohlfahrt in Munich, to address his bad back related hamstring trouble.   
And to add to his woes,  he had to suffer  the ignominy of back to back  losses in the 100m and 200m to “Blake the beast “ at the Jamaican Olympic trials.

"I've trained really hard,"  Blake expounded "That's why Usain nicknamed me 'The Beast.' "

‘‘The trials woke me up,’’ Bolt explained. ‘‘Yohan gave me a wake-up call, he knocked on my door and said, ’Usain this is an Olympic year, wake up’.  

So I am happy and grateful for dem moment because after that I refocused and got my head together and got in the game, so I am happy.’’

Bolt, who likes to drive fast, too in his red Ferrari, was involved in a wee-hours car crash in Kingston in June.  ‘Superman is coming’ was London’s message to the ticket-buying public, some of whom handed over £700 for a seat.   Suddenly tongues wagged and the London message  changed to: ‘Superman is vulnerable’.

Curiosity took over from outright worship. 

At the Beijing Olympics Usain Bolt was so laid back that he even forgot to tie his shoe laces . He has this bad habit of switching on his after burners only after the whole field is ahead of him after the start. Still THE character--  Usain Bolt , gave us all on this planet , our greatest moment of sporting history 4 years ago.

With the race about to start, the sell-out 80,000-capacity crowd at the London Olympic Stadium were up on their feet.  Bolt, Gay, Blake and Asafa Powell all  lined up for unadulterated violence on the straight runnin’ track..  

Camera flashes sparkled like glittering diamonds around the stadium as the eight contestants psyched each other just before taking the blocks.

As the television cameras panned each racer, the excitement reached a crescendo when they reached Bolt in lane seven, dressed in black shorts and the yellow and green singlet of the Jamaican team.

Usain the cool cat he is showed no signs of nerves as he bid to replicate his gold medal showing in the Beijing Games in 2008.

He did NOT rob the masses of this planet of their opium.

To mass delight of billions , he practised his DJ mixing skills, one hand raised to his ear, and then drew laughter after drawing pretend pistols and re holstering them after pointing them down the track.


As the starter called them to the blocks, Bolt put a finger to his lips to hush the excitable crowd, briefly crossing himself and looking skywards as the television zoomed in and his picture was broadcast on the giant stadium screen.

As the 8 best super-sprinters of the planet hunkered down, at the blocks , the electric tension in the stadium was palpable—nay –you could cut it with a knife.
When a bottle was thrown from the crowd as Usain settled on the blocks, others were distracted but he did not notice it. 

Every Olympic 100m champion in the last 3 decades , had their eyeballs glued on Usain Bolt - Maurice Greene, Donovan Bailey, Linford Christie, Carl Lewis , Alan Wells—the lot.

Bolt sprinting to the 50 metres mark,  to arrive at his favourite part of the race --cheeks puffing, arms pumping right along with each of those lengthy strides.


Watch this , Usain now switches on the transition phase--

Pulling away from the pack with every long stride, Bolt surges ahead and overwhelms the star-studded field .

Unlike Beijing , where he show boated the last 20 metres, at London he even dipped at the finish for good measure. The sheer strength of the field meant he could not celebrate from 15 metres out as he had four years ago.

If Beijing was a conquest, London was consolidation.

He had just decimated the star studded field.


Seven men went under 10 seconds, beating the previous record of six, achieved at both the 1991 World Championships and 2008 Olympics in Beijing. The times for the athletes finishing from third to seventh were the fastest ever registered for those positions.

Had Asafa Powell not popped his groin and limped over the line, all eight finalists would have gone under 10 seconds for the first time in history

"I stopped worrying about the start," Bolt said. "The end is what's important."

After taking half a victory lap around the track, he stopped, kissed the track and gave his now-famous "To The World" pose, pointing both fingers in the air, as the denizens of this planet blew their collective minds — the second time after Beijing.

After the finish line, ever the showman, Bolt kept right on running for a victory lap that included high-fives for front-row fans, a pause to crouch down and kiss the track and even a somersault.

The entire 80000 crowd deliriously chanted as one   "Usain! Usain! Usain!" .

What a delectable moment in history. 
Bolt, as ever, was in the mood for partying - cavorting, clowning, delighting the capacity crowd with his full range of showman celebrations.

 "People can talk," he shrugged afterwards, in a brief moment of sober reflection. "All they can do is talk. I brought it. I know what I need to do."

USA's Tyson Gay missed out on the podium, finishing in fourth place at 9.80. Gay was in tears following the race. "I tried maan. I tried my best. I just came up short." 
America still had no answer to Usain’s speed.

Bolt now focuses on defending his Beijing gold medals in the 200 meters and 4x100 relay. If he does that, he'll be the first runner in Olympic history to ever defend all three “That’s my ultimate goal," Bolt said of being a legend. "That's it for me."

His talent was noticed early. . In the absence of a disciplined lifestyle, he became ever-more reliant on his natural ability to beat back the competition  on the track .  

Noticing the potential , several elite American colleges offered Bolt track scholarships . But the Jamaican small town boy from Trelawny refused them all, stating that he was content to stay in his homeland.

I had commanded a Chemical tanker whose home port was Kingston with crew from Jamaica. I spent 6 months of my life there.  My Jamaican Second Mate had once told me “ Everybody wants to immigrate to America.  If USA opens out free immigration, the last man will have to put off the lights in Jamaica.  

Allow me to reminisce --

At Beijing 4 years ago, when Usain Bolt being himself, had showboated,  immediately his uppity detractors including IOC president Jacques Rogge, condemned Bolt and wanted to blackball him and strip him off the gold medal , for showing disrespect.

They had done it in the past for the infamous" black power salute", -- to John Carlos and Tommy Smith ( he smashed the world record in this 200 metres event ) in the 1968 Mexico Olympics. They were on familiar ground.


This was just a " human rights salute" -- misinterpreted to suit the white man's mood swings. In that era the black man was an full American with full rights and respect only during Olympics-- and that too only the world record holders. A devout and articulate black Catholic man could NOT even be a priest. The ball was surely moving this ominous way..

How dare a mangy black man misbehave in this manner-- only the white Yank like superbrat John McEnroe can be allowed to get away with this type of bad behaviour, right?.

Then someone had suggested . Usain is now the people's darling.

There will be riots within the “away from home” Chinese stadium. This Olympics will have to be aborted , if you ever make this silly immature mistake, and you might get a public lynching too.

The people of this planet will NOT accept such a gross decision inflicted on this living legend.

Jamaican minister Edmund Barlett vigorously supported Bolt , switched himself to wisdom mode and opined tersely "  The celebrations are appropriate. You have to see the glory of dem moment!"


Above- Lightning striking twice!

The title of "world’s fastest man" will continue to remain humanity’s most sought after title.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
NO MENSA MATERIAL IN AMERICAN NRA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


US GUN LAWS AND VIOLENT CRIME RATES- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The NRA of USA, gives unsolicited information, that they have 4.3 million members. This is a lie of the first order and this lie is propped up by the Zionists who control NRA and the US media.


Nearly 4 decades ago, when I was a Cadet, I read a circular from my company. " Do NOT trespass into private property in USA , while on shore leave".

What transpired was a Indian sailor, who hardly knew English lost his way back to the ship at night. in one of the US ports. To add to the lost sailors woes, the streets were deserted as a cold wind started blowing, and he was NOT properly dressed for this cold weather. I wonder if any one of you has ever been chilled to the bone? When your bone marrow starts paining , it is a whole different ball game.


So this poor soul, with his teeth chattering, and nose dripping, stumbled on to a lighted patio, and knocked on the door. The door was opened by a man who shot him on the spot with a rifle. I wonder if this could happen in any other country of this planet. And nothing will happen to the guy who murdered this poor sailor in cold blood --he is immune. See he just acted in self defence.
This is the land of America, the land of freedom and liberty. The land who is so proud of "our way of life". The land where for the past 200 years every President has been handpicked by Zionist bankers. The land where the National Rifle Association has been hijacked by the Zionist bankers.


 If a rich man shoots a poor black, nothing will happen to him. He has the mechanism to prove that the poor black has transgressed the law. John Galt and Ayn Rand rules this place.



See above picture-- we get to see a definite pattern in USA, the land of liberty and freedom

US Citizens shoot and kill at least twice as many “criminals” as police do every year—the Indian sailor who was killed was just one more.

Every Indian is aware of the Sikh Gurudwara massacre which happened yesterday at Wisconsin.

Wisconsin has some of the most permissive gun laws in USA.  A hate filled man who was out to kill "rag heads " just entered a place of worship and shot indiscriminately. Little does he know that Sikhism was created to fight Islam. And Sikhs are NOT the country cousins of Osama Bin Laden.


 President Obama immediately declared "domestic terror". What a disgrace!. Racial hate killing is what this was, with the dire need to protect "our way of life".


Just a few days before that a gunman entered a cinema theatre in Aurora Colarado and killed 12 a This theatre was showing the new Batman movie filled with make-believe violence. One of the guns the shooter used was an AK-47-type assault weapon that was banned in 1994. The National Rifle Association saw to it that the ban expired in 2004. Such is their brilliance.



NRA keeps harping about the 2nd amendment. Second amendment was made at a time when guns could shoot one bullet at a time.


Like sheep, the common Yank  passively accept the carnage, year after year, hoping that it won't happen in his town, and it wont be his wife and children.The United States has emerged to become the most violent nation on earth where millions are equipped with lethal weapons to massacre brutally as many people as they wish.
In spite of its military might, the US government cannot do anything about it since it functions under the ruthless thumb of the National Rifle Association whose sole objective is to boost by all means the business of the weapons’ industry. It is all about dirty profits . Toy plastic guns imported from China are regulated with greater care.




More  Americans have been casualties of domestic gunfire than have died in all our wars combined.  God-given right to purchase and own just about any weapon of destruction you like. That's a license for murder and mayhem and nobody wants to address this great fraud .

The National Rifle Association has hijacked the Second Amendment of the Constitution, and have stars like Charton Heston, supporting their diabolical cause. Charlton Heston, so full of himself,  had hissed through his cruel thin lips “..from my cold dead hands!” right after the Columbine massacre.



The NRA claims it exists to protect the rights of the common yank.  Hey—who is gonna protect you from this Frankenstein NRA? The NRA does everything they can to glorify guns, and they wrap themselves in the flag while they are at it. 



And while on the topic of glorifying guns, Hollywood hijacked by Zionists, has a lot of blood on its hands too . Endless movies glorifying gun violence, and more importantly, glorifying retribution on your enemies by getting mad and shooting a bunch of them is a central theme in Hollywood.



“Guns don’t kill people, people kill people” is such a daft argument fit for NRA. It may sound all righteous and holy, but what does this translate into “We shouldn’t do anything to keep guns out of the hands of lunatics and criminals?” 


The common yanks by standing up to the NRA and passing a handful of sensible gun laws, can prevent thousands of gun-related deaths each year.



In USA 48 percent of all gun sales—via private parties and gun shows, for example—take place with no background check. There are no federal restrictions on how much ammunition an individual can buy. In many states, bullets are sold on supermarket shelves alongside everyday household goods.


There are around 91 guns for every 100 Americans yet, despite 87 fatal shootings a day, with more than double this number wounded , but the mighty US gun lobby is as powerful as ever. 


“ No matter what, criminals will get guns” argument completely ignores the fact that a tremendous amount of gun violence does not involve criminals or lunatics. More than half the gun deaths in the USA are suicides, over 15,000 deaths a year. And there’s more 20,000 accidental gunshot injuries in the USA every year, including over 500 deaths.

Why is everybody afraid to put the NRA in the cross hairs of public scrutiny and ask if their extremism is serving the public interest.  Now , the next President for all you know could be Mitt Romney. A Bilderberg handpicked choice, a Mormon ( funded by Rothschilds ) , a Republican and a NRA member for life. Wow!  This is what I call a potent combination.   "I believe they protect us and provide for our safety," Romney had said about NRA .
 


Demand for firearms has risen to such levels that Ruger, one of the two biggest publicly traded U.S. gun makers, temporarily suspended taking orders earlier this year because it could not produce fast enough.  At the NRA’s 2011 convention, Ruger CEO Michael Fifer said his company’s target was selling one million firearms by the time of the NRA’s 2012 convention, and it would donate a dollar a gun to the association. In fact, the company sold 1,254,000 guns and made out a matching check at the 2012 convention.



The back swing of John Galt – read as NRA-- is all about praising the glory of Ayn Rand’s version of a great society where you people know your place, expressing infinite gratitude for the crumbs your overlords send your way.



Why is the common Yank debating all this. Cut the bull. The solution is so very simple, take out the guns and crime rate will drop.

 The pro-gun NRA sponsored movement is simply full of lies and scare tactics. Now add that with stupid people who can’t see through their propaganda and you get the multi-billion dollar arms industry.



NRA manipulates they have 1.5 million likes on Facebook and according to its own website they have at least 4,300,000 members. This is all bull.


NRA is a  300 million US dollar -plus-a-year lobbying juggernaut with much of its funding coming from gun manufacturers and merchandising.  The NRA is the ultimate ad agency for the gun industry. Like all things in America, it’s about mindless profits. 

The NRA wants people to believe that any mention of any kind of restriction on any aspect of gun ownership is a direct threat to the Constitutional 2nd Amendment right to bear arms.


How does NRA justify that citizens have a practical need to own assault rifles, semi automatic magazines capable of holding 20, 50, or 100 bullets?  The Colorado shooter ordered 6,000 rounds on the Internet, perfectly legally, with no background check.  Where else on this planet can this happen?

 When over 32,000 Americans are killed with firearms each year .Over 700 American women are shot and killed by their intimate partners each year. Does the NRA have any liability or even the slightest sense of remorse?



Do they realize that  in the full eight years of the War in Iraq, only 4,484 U.S. military personnel were killed.  Compare this with  six times more people being killed with firearms each year at home than the number of soldiers killed during the entire eight years they were at war in Iraq.



"Guns don’t kill people, people kill people."  This bumper-sticker rhetoric has been the mantra of the NRA gun crowd for decades.   Simply stating — grenades don’t kill people, people kill people exposes this sick logic.  


So here is some sick logic-- to protect yourself from Ammonium Nitrate bombs,  all citizens must stock Ammonium Nitrate in their houses-- the only hitch being that NRA does not get funded by fertiliser companies.


In my hometown Calicut, we have a mental hospital. Under treatment , the patients recover and are finally discharged. The first test is as follows. There is a well and a bucket full of holes at the bottom, The madcaps have to draw water and fill up a 200 litre drum. The 100% loonies will be drawing water throughout the day, with not a drop of water going into the storage drum.

In between one wise guy will say " How can I fill up the drum, when this bucket is full of holes?" . He now graduates and is put into the next loonie section.  But our honourable , but daft , NRA guys will cry " It is men who fill the water,  NOT the holed bucket"  . And they will persist with the holed bucket .


The outdated Second Amendment states "A well regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear arms, shall not be infringed."

So this is the God-given right to purchase and own just about any weapon of destruction you like, a license for murder and mayhem.  Is this not a fraud of the first order?

 The 2nd Amendment is not under threat, but clearly the freedom of the common yank to protest, debate and discuss without retribution is being threatened into silence.  This is NOT what the statue of liberty stands for. 


Pl punch into Google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL,  to get a handle on the American constitution founders. These are the same people who fought to sustain slavery.


George Washington, the first President of the United States, was a slave owner for practically all of his life as President.  When Washington was eleven years old, he inherited ten slave,  by the time of his death, 316 slaves lived at Mount Vernon.

Above:  Names of Washington's slaves
He authorized emergency financial and military relief to French slave owners in Haiti in 1791 to suppress a slave rebellion Washington signed the 1793 Fugitive Slave Law, the first to provide for the right of slaveholders to recapture slaves even in free states that had abolished slavery.  


Martha Washington freed her husband's slaves within 12 months of his death and allowed them to stay at Mount Vernon if they had family members.


Guns are designed to kill people. When guns are readily available, it is too easy to "solve a rage problem" . Guns are efficient. They do what they were designed to do. They kill people when they are in the hands of someone who has bad intentions.

 Guns make it much easier for unstable or unscrupulous people to kill and harm others, but the Yanks as a society has to to recognize that they love violence. The most popular films are usually the ones with the most explosions, the most fights, the most death and the most violence. That’s what we like. Even X-Box games for kids are about blood splattering shooting.


Mental illness is not preventable. It is treatable, but look at James Holmes, the young man who shot and killed so many in Aurora, Colorado. He was seeing a psychiatrist, and according to media reports, at least one person at Holmes’s college was aware of his emotional instability and made her opinion known to others. He still managed to act out his violent fantasy.

Every society have their share of loonies.

Few years back I stayed in Singapore for 4 months . Every night after a couple of beers, my friend used to go back, to the apartment at Ginza Plaza, but I used to go for a midnight walk--for about 45 minutes in a deserted park, adjacent.

 Once my friend had told me that I am crazy to walk in a deserted park at midnight with a mini fortune around my neck, finger and wrist.

 I told him off " Singapore is a safe place. This is not USA where people carry guns and mug you for 10 dollars.  And if there are no guns I can take care of myself.

 For 3 months nothing happened .




One night a young Chinese looking guy ran like the whirling dervish across my path, jumping over the hedges and bushes ,  as if a million devils were after him. Obviously he was mentally deranged.  I nearly jumped out of my skin.  I could have touched him, when he crossed ahead of me.

I stopped walking, from that moment onwards. No more night walks for me. 



These are times when you need more than just a hypocritical moment of silence over a lit candle— you need a moment of courage to speak your mind, speak the truth.  The need of the hour is concrete solutions,  not NRA sponsored mindless rhetoric.


Senseless gun violence -- tearful candle light vigil -- senseless gun violence-- tearful candle light vigil -- sensel--  


if this is NOT decadence of a society, what is it?





I saw the documentary, in which documentary film maker Michael Moore interviewed the President of NRA, actor Charton Heston, of Benhur fame .  It was hard for Micheal Moore to get into the large room,  as Heston’s huge ego occupied way too much space. He sat on a high chair with one his old movie posters behind him, though he had a stiff back.

Five minutes into the interview I stopped being a fan of this king sized asshole.  


Ego creates suffering without recognising it. Ego laden people hang on to the old emotion to strengthen their identity. They mistake a short memory for a clear conscience. Their supreme indifference arises due to ego. Cooperation is alien to ego except when there is a secondary motive. The ego becomes the grit in the system that gets in the way of authentic meaningful communication.

These pathetic people  never held before them any vision that might have lifted them out of themselves. They substitute their thinking capabilities with their loud cynical talking capabilities.

Ego tries to enlarge and strengthen by forming gangs and posses.  They confuse opinions with facts. Here the ego has simply shifted from the personal to the collective.  NRA big wigs  are masters of selective perception and distorted interpretation.  They love to judge and be right at all costs.  They allow their ego to supersede their common sense. They look at the present with jaundiced eyes of the past.


 When NRA supporters  argue they will act as if they are fighting for survival and there is a imminent need to win at all costs.  Such is the self delusion caused by ego.   Awareness and ego cannot coexist.  It is difficult to see one's own ego. 

“ If you want to test a man’s character, give him power.” -- Abraham Lincoln.


After a diabolic campus shooting at Virginia Tech in 2007 that killed 32 , some NRA member politicians blamed the the university's campus-wide gun ban as a contributing factor. The were of the firm opinion that  the problem wasn't that the whacko student came to school with two semi-automatic weapons but that students and faculty weren't themselves armed.  BRAVO!

Guns dont kill, people kill-- Oh Yeah NRA?




Warning: All glorious ancient societies were laid low by decadence!



For the "not too bright" category.  I am NOT a Yank.  So if I give some good advise, it means I am a well wisher of the people of USA.  If I am their enemy, I would be smirking quietly.

None of the established Yank journalists will dare to write against NRA and guns. Who wants to be charged with plagiarism and be disgraced in public! 


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
LONDON OLYMPICS 2012, USAIN BOLT WINS THE 200 METRES SPRINT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

LONDON OLYMPICS 2012,  USAIN BOLT WINS GOLD IN 200 METRES SPRINT-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



USA will have a Bolt complex for ever, from now on.  


Usain Bolt has snatched away their sole bragging rights, by winning the "double-double", which nobody has ever done in Olympic 100 metres dash and 200 metres sprint..

We in India, have been at the receiving end of Carl Fu#kin' Lewis,  these days, on one of our foreign funded TV channels CNN-IBN. 

He kept reminding us how Usain Bolt's ( who is taller and fitter , which meant he can eat up more real estate per stride ) achievements are drug assisted-- all this from a drug tainted athlete himself.



The golden boy Carl Lewis of the USA failed a drugs test not once , no not twice , but thrice , in the lead up to the Olympic games in Seoul 1988.


None the less the American Olympic Committee saw fit to ignore this fact and allow him represent the USA in the 88 Olympics . Lewis has now personally acknowledged that he failed three tests during the 1988 US Olympic trials, which under international rules at the time should have prevented him from competing in the Seoul games two months later.

Lewis, said he was not concerned about the uproar around the world caused by the revelations. "It's ridiculous. Who cares?" he had said. 

So how about Carl Lewis the CHEAT--rather that BEN Johnson the cheat? Oh we forgot--he is American, right?


Carl Lewis will do well to remember that he won 4 gold Olympic medals at the truncated Los Angeles Olympics of 1984, which the Eastern block ( half the world ) boycotted. These sheenless gold medals are half size—nay—semi circular.

The Zionist controlled American press will never ever mention all this.


I guess it will never ever cross India's mind to wean away a world class athlete from a impoverished  African country, by giving financial incentives,  the way the white Christians nations are doing in a shameless manner. 



This sweet victory in the London Olympics 200 metres sprint meant Bolt bettered the record of US track legend Carl Lewis, who won three golds and a silver in the sprints at the 1984 and 1988 Games.

This foreign funded channel ( who interviews desh-drohis on prime time ) is very soon gonna choose " The greatest Indian ever".  Two years ago they had given the greatest Indian of the year award to "not too bright" Rahul Gandhi for "single handedly reviving the fortunes " of Congress party in UP. 



They just say and do what their foreign masters want, and we Indians have to lump it.

In boxing India suffered at the lobbying power of USA.  When an event is judged by a man by point system,  like boxing, diving, gymnastics etc, you have to beat USA by a real wide margin , or you will lose. China has still managed to be clear winners in diving.

USA has the "lobbying" powers to destroy the international careers of judges and referees --and all are wary.

In cricket we have seen the white man's slave West Indian Steve Bucknor , blatantly giving wrong decisions to favour the white English speaking Christian nations. It came to a head in Sydney and the Indian team  said "enough is enough" and decided to break the tour and come back, due to a national furore -- and then Steve Bucknor's goose got cooked.  

He was kicked out.  This should have happened at least 5 years before. All had hesitated to bell the cat.


In this age of Internet and TV with slow motion a common man can judge what is happening. You don't need a referee or judge to tell you that.  We in India know how our 4 Olympic boxers were robbed off a win in London Olympics.

The American all time pride is still Florence Griffith Joyner (Flo-Jo) , who wore one inch of make up , one legged leotards,  different coloured shoes and 3 inch long artificial painted nails to camouflage her manliness. 

BBC had shown to the world how her voice has changed from a girl's to a man's in 3 years flat. She had muscles popping out from everywhere. She has set records in 100 and 200 metres races which may never be broken. There was no way  Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce could  threaten Florence Griffith-Joyner’s record in the 100 metres dash. 


Flo-Jo paid the price and died at the young age of 38.  Prior to the Olympic games in Seoul, she prematurely cut her European tour short, after being booed off the track by the whole angry stadium.. She had gone there to do daylight fuc#in' robbery.  She and her sister Jackie Joyner Kersee are known as the "chemical sisters" and world athletics is permanently scarred by this slimy duo. 


So when young Chinese swimmer Ye Shiwen broke a world record to win the women’s 400m individual medley gold and followed up with a 200m medley gold in the London Olympics, the white Christian English speaking nations always the “sore losers” lost grace and cried foul.  


But when US 4x100 metres relay women’s team, breaks the world record by an amazing margin, that is supreme fitness and excelsior training and superior genes. They all owe this young Chinese Ye girl who swam her ass off to break the world record, an apology, and that too from the highest level.

From my side and from every Indian --WELL DONE YE!  WAY TO GO !!



Now let me get back to  the "opium of the masses" Usain Bolt. During his 100-meter victory a couple of days back,  Bolt  was being discussed at nearly 75,000 TPM ( read that as tweets per minute )

The 80000 odd crowd went crazy when Usain Bolt waved at them in a "royal" manner akin to that of Queen Elizabeth II, the British monarch.  


--unadulterated madness--



He had a oversized baseball cap on backwards emblazoned with the letters UB entwined--  the insignia of “University of Bolt” --
made sense!

So relaxed was he before the race , that he joked with a volunteer. “Are you nervous?” he asked her. “Yes. I am so excited,” she replied trying to hide her goose bumps.



No man has ever looked so utterly comfortable in his own skin and his place in the world, before the race..



Before hunkering down on the blocks , Bolt briefly crossed himself and pointed skywards . He was now ready for business.


He was the 6th to get off the blocks among the 8 runners. 

So what?   This is normal!



Running in Lane 7, Bolt rounded the turn ahead of his nearest rivals and then, in the moment that makes him peerless, shifted into another higher gear which nobody else had, to  open a lead. Bolt came into the London Games with grave doubts about his fitness after losing in both the 100 and 200 meters to Blake, his training partner, in his last of the competitive races.

Glancing to his left to note Blake’s whereabouts in Lane 4,  10 metres off the finish line==for only the beast had a ghost of a chance to run him down. 

Usain Bolt then turned off his jets and glided through the finish line , and put an index finger to his lips as if to hush the critics and crowd.   

The photo finish camera recorded this unique image below for posterity.




Bolt just pussy footed across the line with a calm belying the historic nature of his accomplishment.

Even with that celebratory lull he still ran the third-fastest time in history.

There was no way he stood a chance of hushing the crazed sell out 80,000 crowd at the Olympic Stadium. 


The entire planet , including "yours truly" glued on to their TVs, went wild as Bolt delivered on his promise of winning when it counts most. 

Bolt kissed the track twice before striking his trademark "To the World" pose, pointing both his index fingers upward to show what he had achieved.  

This archers pose is now Bolt's personal brand. You can put this pose in a quiz programme and any idiot will say, whose patented pose this is.



 Bolt engaged in one of the greatest post-race celebrations you’ll ever get to see on the planet .



Bolt had plenty of energy left, dropping to the track to do five push ups — one for each of his Olympic gold medals so far.


Bolt first hugged his mother, and then  hugged anybody who fancied a hug.  There was nothing crazy about him. In the context of what he had achieved it all made perfect sense.



He reached into the stands, hugged and high-fived the adoring masses. 

He lingered long at every stop along the way, slapped the belly of a supporter wearing a Bolt T-shirt, fist-bumped a TV cameraman, grabbed a photographer’s camera and began to fire off frames-- 

PICHEEK PICHEEK PITCEEK



Blake the "beast" , resigned to his fate, played along on their lap of honour, striking poses that Bolt pretended to photograph with a camera he had borrowed from a track side photographer.


“That’s the thing I like to do,” Bolt said. “I like to talk to the fans, smile at them, always go up and fist-bump the person who’s camera guy, just to show appreciation.”



The capacity crowd like the cat who swallowed all the cream,  basked in the glow of another unforgettable performance from the 6-foot-5 speed machine.


Jacques Fu#kin’ Rogge, the president of the International Olympic Committee, who tried his best to black ball Bolt in Beijing for excessive celebrations , was a vitriolic as Carl Lewis. He told  reporters  “Let Usain participate in three, four games, and he can be a legend.  Already, he’s an icon.”



Oh yeah?  Only a small wee icon?




Usain Bolt did not let Rogge or Carl or anybody for the matter spoil his party. Why not, he is THE personality who has transcended the track.


At the news conference Bolt was asked to compare himself with great sprinters past like Jesse Owens and Carl Lewis.

Bolt gave full marks to Owens, the great American who won four gold medals in the 1936 Olympics in Berlin.   But he lashed out at jealous Lewis, the American who won nine gold medals over four Games from 1984 to 1996.  


Owens had corrected history.  A propaganda was splurged by Churchill that Aryan racist Hilter refused to shake hands with Owens at the Berlin Olympics-- while Owens clarified later, that Hitler waved at him every time their eyes met.

“I’m going to say something controversial right now,” Bolt said. “Carl Lewis, I have no respect for him.  The things he says about the track athletes is really downgrading for another athlete to be saying something like that about other athletes. I think he’s just looking attentions really because nobody really talks much about him.”


Bolt spake: "This is the one I wanted and I got it."



“I am a living legend,” he said He put himself in league with Muhammad Ali and Michael Jordan. “I’ve done something no one has ever done before ... so for me I would say I am the greatest.”


Bolt had told  reporters before the finals" There's a lot of people there who have come to spoil the party-- so we'll see."

Winners like Mohammed Ali are allowed to boast,   there is nothing as bad as a also-ran loser boasting. He clearly has sole bragging rights.

Ali did it, let Bolt do it as well


Bolt can still make it 6-for-6 at two Olympics if he leads his nation to victory in the 4 x 100 relay , and that will make mE day.
********************************************************************
CNN-IBN POLL, THE "GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI" , SHAM AWARD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

CNN-IBN POLL,  THE "GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI" ,  SHAM AWARD - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
 


I would like all patriotic Indians to be wary of the yearly sham awards doled out by the foreign funded Indian TV channel CNN-IBN, year after year.

Last year the Indian of the year award went to Mamata Banerjee, hoping that she could be softened into pushing FDI in multi-brand retail and get Zionist Jew held WALMART into India.  


Poor Walmart tried their best, they even tried to get Hillary Clinton to praise Mamata Banerjee to the skies and soften her up. 

Poor Jewish Hillary Clinton!  Poor CNN-IBN!!  


What a waste of time and energy.  Sure enough CNN-IBN made sure that their anchor Sag@rika Gh0se ambushed and insulted Mamata didi on National TV.   

Mamata must know what happened to her.  This simple woman just got provoked -- to establish her as paranoid.

The year before CNN IBN gave the Indian of the year award to Rahul Gandhi, for --hold your breath-- "single handedly reviving the fortunes of Congress in UP" .  

Wow! we are touched. We know the pathetic state of Congress in UP.   

Intelligent Indians, just check the Internet for the past 3 years, and check out if there is A SINGLE GOOD WORD FROM ANYBODY , other than the inner coterie , about Rahul Gandhi.

W made sure that her "not so bright" son was bailed out , by arm twisting Christian Defence Minister AK Antony to write a false report-- wherein poor Antony blamed everybody for the UP election fiasco and everything except Yuv-Raj Rahul.




CNN is controlled by Rothschilds, who were the owners of the British East India Company , who came to India , to trade and made us slaves.

Rothschilds had rigged the British popular vote to make Churchill ( his mother Jenny was Rothschild) the greatest Englishman of the Century. 

They will now want their stooge in India to be honored .  Just watch the blitzkrieg unfolding on CNN IBN.  Do we need this Zionist foreign funded TV channel to tell us by a sham poll?.

Rothschilds are in the habit of giving sham awards to their stooges-- gratitude for past services rendered.

German Jews Rothschilds grew Opium in India and sold it in China, for massive profits. They were the world's first organised drug runners. They were in the Black slave trade too.

 To get a handle of the Rothschild stooges around the world, punch into Google search -

THE DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY  VADAKAYIL

WINSTON CHURCHILL, HERO OR HENCHMAN  VADAKAYIL

WINSTON CHURCHILL, THE UNKNOWN SIDE  VADAKAYIL

Fake polls were conducted in UK, to brand Winston Churchill ( whose mother is Rothschild ) as the greatest Englishman ever.  Even his funny dentures were auctioned for an astronomical amount -- of course secretly bought by Rothschild themselves.


Never trust Internet polls and SMS polls-- for they wont even tell you how many people votes - 100 or 1000000.


One of the Rothschild's American agents for Opium was Abiel Abbot Low of Russell and Co.  He funded the Columbia University with drug money.  


His son Seth Low was the President of Columbia University USA , when Churchill ( whose mother is Rothschilds ) arranged for our BR Ambedkar to study in Columbia University. 


He was locally taken care of by the Parsee drug agents of Rothschilds.  The Rothschilds western propaganda was that the Maharaja of Baroda and of Kohlapur  sponsored him.

 Punch into Google search --

THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL.
 
THE MURKY TRUTHS OF SEPOY MUTINY, 1857  VADAKAYIL

His Subedar Major father  Ramji Maloji Sakpal in the British army was stationed at  Mhow Cantonment.  He was known to be very servile to the British.  

So was his grandfather.  Ramji Sakpal was educated by Rothschild and given a job as "teacher" in the Mahar regiment.  BR Ambedkar was his 14th child.

BR Ambedkar was groomed by British East India Company, as a worthy son his father who was a staunch loyalist of British East India Company.  

Rothschilds wanted checks and balances in India, lest there be a popular revolt.  BR Ambedkar was chosen by Rothschild to take over the mantle from Gopal Krishna Gokhale, a Chitpavan Jew --nay--brahmin , ( Mahatma Gandhi's mentor ) , and whose would die of diabetes very soon. 

History can be subverted by the victors , right?   I will be re-writing this part of Gokhale/ Gandhiji nexus-- history soon.

This time around , they needed to maintain fissures deep WITHIN Hinduism . 


Already they had driven a wedge between all the major religions of India. So much that when the whole of India united as one to fight Rothschild in 1857, Sikhs , Mahars of Maharashtra and Scindias supported them .
BR Ambedkar was installed as a professor in Sydneham College Mumbai by the snooty Lord Sydneham himself, the Governor of Bombay himself, on orders from Churchill.

The intense grooming of BR Ambedkar to put fissures into Hindusim was a long drawn out one. 

In his childhood his entire studies were sponsored by Maharaja Gaekwad ( as per our invaders version ), while actually he was sponsored by the Parsee Opium agents of Rothschild.


BR Ambedkar was used to constantly throw egg on the face of Mahatma Gandhi who tried his level best NOT to allow fissures between various castes in Hinduism.  


BR Ambedkar was groomed by Rothschild to hate Hinduism, and he left no stone unturned to display this. 


All his biographies are doctored to declare how much he was ill treated in his childhood as an untouchable Mahar.


Before the white invader came to India there was NO untouchability ( except in Kerala ).

Punch into Google search-

THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL

In 1928, BR Ambedkar was appointed to the Bombay Presidency Committee so that he could work with the all-European Simon Commission.  

The whole of India under Lala Lajpat Rai and Bhagat Singh ( Lala martyed himself in this protest ) was against the Simon Commission, which included only whites.  

BR Ambedkar was branded as a British stooge, as he welcomed Simon.


The whole of India hated him for accepting this post and considered BR Ambedkar as a British collaborator.




Above: Dr. Ambedkar with the members of Simon Commission.  Sir.Simon is seen on the right of Dr. Ambedkar. (Oct 23, 1928). Lala Lajpat Rai and Bhagat Singh were thrown in jail for showing black flags to Simon, and Lala died within a few days , after being rained by lathi blows on his chest .


He would wear the white Christian invaders coat and suit dress, like uniform.  Nothing desi for him, like other leaders . No burning of foreign stuff for him, like the rest of India.

He would be the Brown Saheb , when it came to dressing up.  He just cocked a snook at the Indian Freedom movement. 



Ever wondered about this dress code truth?
Other dalit communities had complained the Mahars got most of the sponsorship and largesse .

And who told that writing the constitution was a one man show?  

It was a team who did that. Ambedkar was of course involved in making it a "social responsibility and relations " document. 

It was a sheer copy of the British model, just amended to suit India-- a draft given to Ambedkar on the quiet by Rothschild.. There was NIL brainwork involved.  

Why don't you compare the two constitutions. Where is the intelligence, in copying and plagiarism?


Dr B. R. Ambedkar was just the Chairman of an eminent team consisting of K M Munshi, Alladi Krishnaswamy Iyer, N Gopalaswami Ayengar , Madhava Rao , Md. Saadullah , TT Krishnamachari and a  constitutional advisor Sir Benegal Narsing Rau . 

The separation of powers among the major branches of government, the establishment of a supreme court was copied from the US model,  provided by Rothschild.


This champion of the lower castes , whose major agenda in life was to kick Hinduism and high castes , married Savita ( Dr Sharada Kabir ) , a Chitpavan Brahmin.  

What is all this?  

What happened to his principled hatred for Brahmins?  



The First Round Table Conference was inaugurated by King George-V on Nov.12, 1930 in London, and BR Ambedkar was invited as a delegate. 


To rub salt in Gandhiji's wounds ,  BR Ambedkar was invited again to attend the Second Round Table Conference in London in 7th Sept 1931. 

To divide and rule Churchill ( whose mother is Rothschilds ) wanted separate electorate, for lower castes of Hinduism, Islam, Sikhs etc.

The whole idea was to crush Indian freedom movement unity!   The white Christian invaders "divide and rule"  policy at its very best!!

Mahatma Gandhi fiercely opposed separate electorate for untouchables, though he accepted separate electorate for all other minority groups such as Muslims and Sikhs, saying he feared that separate electorates for untouchables would divide the Hindu community into two groups.

When the British agreed with the demand of Ambedkar ( this was Churchill's demand ) and announced the awarding of separate electorates, Gandhi began a fast while imprisoned in the Yerwada Central Jail of Pune in 1932 against the separate electorate for untouchables only.

Gandhi's fast provoked huge civil unrest across India, and orthodox Hindu leaders, Congress politicians and activists campaigned . 

Such was Gandhiji's mass appeal that Churchill told Ambedkar to call off the game. For if Gandhiji dies, that would mean that the few thousand British invaders would be stoned to death by millions of Indians.

This agreement, which saw Gandhi end his fast, was called the Poona Pact.   


As a result of the agreement, Ambedkar dropped the demand for separate electorates that was promised through the British Communal Award prior to Ambedkar's meeting with Gandhi. Instead, a certain number of seats were reserved specifically for untouchables

He was the British  choice for the Viceroy's Executive Council as the Minister of Labor. 

Ambedkar was also the hot choice for the Defence Advisory Committee.

Ambedkar had many times spoken publicly that the British must stay on in India.   To prove his point  he wrote the book “Which is Worse? Slavery or Untouchability?”

Everybody knows both British and Indians that there is not one single instance, in which Ambedkar participated in any activity connected with the struggle to free the country. 

Does anybody want to challenge me?

Arun Shourie's spoke the truth ,in his book “Worshipping False Gods, the Dalit apostle”. 

In the above book, Arun Shourie described  B.R. Ambedkar-- he is portrayed as a self-centred, unpatriotic, power-hungry , a stooge of the British.  

Shourie's exposed BR Ambedkar : (1) he opposed the freedom struggle; (2) he collaborated with the British for material gains; (3) he only piloted the draft constitution and that he can in no way be called the Father of the Constitution; and (4) his conversion to Buddhism was mere opportunism.

Upon India's independence on August 15, 1947, Nehru was arm twisted by Lord Mountbatten's wife Edwina who belonged to Rothschild's family, to invite Ambedkar to serve as the nation's first law minister, and to be the Chairman of the Drafting Committee , for the new Free Indian constitution. 

Whatever was in Nehru's mind reached Churchill via Edwina Mountbatten.  And what was in Gandhiji's mind reached Churchill via  opium agent Sir GD Birl@ ?

The Indian Constitution drafted by Dr Ambedkar was more of a social document. 

The text prepared by Ambedkar provided constitutional guarantees and protections for a wide range of civil liberties for individual citizens, including freedom of religion, the abolition of untouchability and the outlawing of all forms of discrimination.

BR Ambedkar introduced the system of reservations of jobs in the civil services, schools and colleges for members of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes. 

Ambedkar independently contested an election in 1952 to the lower house of parliament, the Lok Sabha, but lost miserably.  He lost badly all 3 times he stood for election. See how short memories are.


The foundation for Ambedkar’s electoral defeats was laid by the 1932 Poona Pact.  While Gandhi saw the double vote and separate electorates as dividing Hindus, BR Ambedkar had no reason to see himself and fellow Dalits as ‘Hindus’.   Subsequently, BR Ambedkar lost every poll of consequence he contested, though high caste hindus were vastly outnumbered by the dalits.

S.A. Dange, one of the founders of the Communist Party of India, canvassed against Ambedkar, accusing him of ‘separatist’ politics, saying he favoured not just separate electorates for untouchables but also for the Muslims; and that he suggested Kashmir could be divided.

In 1951, in the first-ever parliamentary elections, Ambedkar—having resigned from Nehru’s cabinet as law minister, disgusted by the repeated scuttling of the Hindu Code Bill—contested from Bombay City North, a double-member constituency that was required to return both a general and an SC candidate. Contesting the reserved seat, he lost to Congress candidate Narayan Sadoba Kajrolkar .  

Ambedkar tried his luck again in a 1954 byelection from Bhandara, but lost to unknown Congressman Bhaurao Borkar. The Congress merely wished to prove that a ‘seventh standard pass’ could defeat eminent scholar BR Ambedkar.

Jogendra Nath Mandal (1904-1968), came to BR Ambedkar’s rescue. As the leader of SCF in Bengal, he had forged an alliance with the Muslim League and commandeered the numbers to get Maratha Ambedkar elected to the CA from the Bengal assembly. 

After Partition, Mandal became a member and temporary chairman of Pakistan’s Constituent Assembly, and served that country as its first minister of law and labour. That Pakistan’s first law minister, like BR Ambedkar, was also Dalit is unknown even to Pakistanis.

Time on Mar 16, 1936: “Dr Ambedkar is probably the only man alive who ever walked out in a huff from a private audience with the Pope of Rome. His Holiness Pius XI, having heard from Dr Ambedkar about the miseries of Indian outcastes, replied: ‘My son, it may take three or four centuries to remedy these abuses, be patient’.”

Finally Nehru under British pressure, appointed  him to the upper house, of parliament, the Rajya Sabha in March 1952 and would remain there as a member until his death.  The British  would refuse to listen to Indian delegations unless BR Ambedkar was part of it.

Ambedkar made the false "discovery" , in connivance with British Historians , that the Mahar clan were originally the ancient Buddhist people of India.  (This was to pacify the Brits who had expected him to convert to Christianity).


Already the Catholic SPG church of England had converted Mahars enmasse to Christianity.  Missionary William Carey by then had translated the Bible into Marathi language. Most of these Christian Mahars now stay in Ahmednagar.

On October 14, 1956 Ambedkar organized a public ceremony to convert around five lakh of his supporters into Buddhism. He completed his final manuscript, "The Buddha or Karl Marx" on December 2, 1956.  But he did NOT know that Karl Marx was a German Jew, closely related to German Jews Rothschild who owned British East India Company. I wont blame him for even the Indian communists don’t know this.


This man even subverted Indian religions and history, on the behest of Churchill.

God save India and Indians from the Zionist Rothschild funded TV channels.  By the way, the Magsaysay awards given to Kiran Bedi,  Kejriwal,  Anna Harare , Manish Sisodia are all Rothschild's agent Ford / CIA awards .  Rockefeller was just an agent for Rothschilds in USA.


Below : Scan of original document signed by Rothschild stooge Allen Welsh Dulles longest serving Director of CIA, ( brother of John Foster Dulles, Dwight D. Eisenhower's Secretary of State). Magsaysay award is controlled by Rothschild's agent Ford.  





Allen W Dulles represented I.G. Farben the German chemical manufacturer whose secretary to board of Directors was Bernhard von Lippe who founded the Bilderberg Group in 1954 with Rothschild . Allen W Dulles hooked up with George Herbert Walker, Prescott Bush’s father-in-law to finance the purchase of the Hamburg Amerika Line, a steamship company for Dulles’ client I.G. Farben.

I do hope that India does NOT become a banana republic or worse, go back to slavery again.

Why Mamata Bannerjee does not want Walmart in India?

Punch into Google search WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA  VADAKAYIL

All patriotic Indians who are Indians first, and then Hindu, Muslim ,Sikh etc-- please watch how poor Rajdeep Sardesai froths from his mouth, when he announces BR Ambedkar to be the Greatest Indian since Mahatma Gandhi--

-- and also check out the moth eaten faces of the celebrities , he gets on stage to clap and go GA GA!

The Vedas and Hinduism never had this huge caste divide.

The British used BR Ambedkar, pretty much the same way, foreign Islamic countries are currently using Teetsa Setalvad,  to re-open healed wounds and to rake up true and false cases of discrimination.

History TV channel is a Rothschild funded channel.  Rothschild would have loved to have Amartya Sen as the greatest Indian-- for his wife is Rothschild..  But this Bong does NOT have too many takers in India, even in Bengal  .

Punch into Google search --

AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE FOR WHITE WASHING CHURCHILL'S INDIAN HOLOCAUST VADAKAYIL


Do any of these modern hi fi Marathas even know of a great patriot by the name of Babarao Ganesh Savarkar? ( elder brother of Veer Vinayak Savarkar ) . 

BR Ambedkar, greatest Indian ?  Rothschild, the owners of British East India company and Columbia University USA, has put BR Ambedkar's statue in the US college campus. 

I will dedicate a post for a great Maratha , Babarao Ganesh Savarkar, the unknown elder brother of Veer Savarkar , just to show the meaning of sacrifice for the motherland.  

For who knows after 50 years Teetsa Setalvad will be the greatest Indian. Already Shabana Azmi has made it to the short list.



Nehru and Gandhi did NOT care for Ambedkar, yet he became India's first law minister in Nehru's cabinet on Edwina Mountbatten's ( Rothschild family ) advise. 


The Columbia University of USA conferred an honorary Degree of Doctor of Laws on Dr.Ambedkar in recognition of Drafting of Indian Constitution, Social Reformer and Valiant fighter for Human Rights at the hands of Jewish General Eisen-hower, the President of Columbia University, New York on June 5, 1952.  

This was for the loyalty shown by the Mahar regiment and for solid support to the British cause .

He was given a posthumous Bharat Ratna in 1990.  This was a man who repeated again and again, that Indians are better off under British rule. 


Same way when the black African was made a slave in USA, the Rothschild Jews had groomed a couple of slaves to tell all and sundry ( they had taken them inside UK Parliament and US senate too dressed in 3 piece coat tie and shoes  ) "  We are better off as slaves in USA, than back home in Africa" .

You can read about it by punching into Google search -
THE BLACK AFRICAN SLAVE TRADE AND JEWS VADAKAYIL.










The Mahar Regiment formed who fought for the British against Indians in 1857, formed 23% of  the British East India Company’s army in Bombay. 

The Mahar’s  fanatical loyalty was totally to the British.  They did NOT care for Bharat Mata or their Indian countrymen.

During the Anglo-Maratha Wars 500 Soldiers of Mahar Regiment of the 2nd Battalion of 1st Regiment of the Bombay Native Light Infantry along with 250 cavalrymen and 24 cannon defeated 20,000 horsemen and 8,000 footsoldiers of the Peshwa Army in what would be called the Battle of Koregaon.  

In the July 1941, B. R. Ambedkar was appointed to the Defence Advisory Committee of the Viceroy's Executive Council.  BR Ambedkar wanted a proper Mahar regiment, for past services rendered.  He forced the Mahars to join the Army in large numbers.  

In October, the 1st Battalion of the Mahar Regiment was raised in Belgaum under Lt. Col. HJR Jackson of the 13th Frontier Force Rifles and Sub. Maj. Sheikh Hassnuddin. 

OK, granted that the Brahmins refused to drink from the same glass from which the Mahar untouchable, who cleaned sewage, drank.  But did the British Christian white man ever drink from this glass ?  
Why are we losing perspective here ?   Ambedkar could NOT even sit in the same restaurant as the British.  This is OK for him, right?

We are reading our invaders version of our history, right?

Every freedom fighter in India of some worth was either killed or jailed by the white Christian invaders.  

BR Ambedkar in sheer contrast was sponsored everywhere and treated like royalty by the British.

RSS actively fought casteism by deeds and NOT words,unlike BR Ambedkar.  

Punch into Google search-
RSS RASHTRIYA SWAYAMSEVAK SANGH VADAKAYIL.


Very few people know that 5 friends who started the RSS were Dr. B. S. Moonje, Dr. L. V. Paranjpe, Dr. Tholkar, Babarao Savarkar and Dr. Hedgewar. 

I will write a separate post about one of the 5, this unsung Indian, Babarao Ganesh Savarkar, the elder brother of Veer Savarkar.

Babarao Savarkar was unsung because he criticised Mahatma Gandhi for playing the Muslim card and leading the Khilafat movement , along with the Ali brothers ( who was more concerned about Turkey than India )

NO ESSAY ON RSS WILL BE COMPLETE WITHOUT THE NAME OF BABARAO GANESH SAVARKAR WHOM THE BRITISH INCARCERATED AT CELLULAR JAIL IN ANDAMANS .

The British incarcerated Babarao from June 1909 to Sept 1922 .

BABARAO GANESH SAVARKAR WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST SONS AND PATRIOTS OF MOTHER INDIA.

HE PERSONALLY DESIGNED THE RSS FLAG AND WROTE THE RSS PLEDGE.   BABARAO WAS THE FIRST RSS CHIEF HEGDEWAR'S  MENTOR.

When Hegdewar died Babarao personally chose Golwalkar as the successor.  Golwalkar was at his bedside on March 16th 1945, when he died.  It was Golwalkar with tears pouring from his eyes, who took Babarao’s last words of his vision for a free India.

Well what do we know?

We worship people like BR Ambedkar who did NOT spend a minute in any freedom movement, the blue eyed boy of the Christian white invader.


The only way UPA can come to power in 2014,  is by stealing the "dalit votebank" from the Mayawati types.  

Just watch the way new expensive Ambedkar memorials , sponsored by Congress , crops up all over India in 2013.  

Watch the job and promotion sops to ST/ SC too, just to cling on to power. 

Why did Sonia gandhi go to USA for her surgery? Why did she NOT go to the local SC/ ST quota doctor who has benefited by her largesse ?

In 300 years flat your motherland was reduced from the richest country in the world to the poorest and the most ridiculed.  90 million Indians were exterminated in 800 years of slavery under Muslim and Christian invaders.





All those who voted for Ambedkar, must pay a visit to the Cellular Jail in Andamans, where the cruel British housed 14086 freedom fighters in most inhuman conditions and made them do hard labour. 

There was a unwritten British inquisition inside .  

I used to be a laid back " I give a damn type character" till I visited this jail. 




Something changed in me ,  and this is the effect you can see in this post.  




Above Chakki peesing and peesing and peesing, 16 hours a day.

Really I do NOT care to run down Ambedkar.  It just pains me to see the way modern Chetan Bhagat type yuppie Indians have forgotten our history.




Breaking news :      A SMS poll among birds was held to find out the " most beautiful bird " of India.   The crow won with 120 million votes.  Peacock was last with just ONE vote-- BRAVO!!!




This brings me to the meaning of a "polarized vote" .  One of my Muslim officers from UP  told me this.  He had gone to pray in one of the large mosques, while on leave . Half way through the maulavi's discourse, he tells everybody to take out their mobiles and send a SMS vote for a Muslim singer , who had reached the finals of a National singing competition, with 2 Hindus . He literally dictated the operation, press this number then press * then press this alphabet-- 

Since my officer did NOT want to get ex-communicated he complied. He was very surprised to know that this fatwa was given in almost all the large mosques. So, does this polarized sham vote mean a thing? Think over it.

BEWARE OF ALL "YOUNG RISING INDIAN LEADERS" AWARDS DOLED OUT BY CNN-IBN.    THERE IS MORE TO ALL THIS THAN MEETS THE EYE.    SUCH AWARDS NEED THE APPROVAL OF THE FUNDERS OF THIS CHANNEL.


The following MANU SMRITI  is a fake Sanskrit document cooked up by the British, to divide Hindus, as for this purpose they used BR Ambedkar.  BR Ambedkars father and grand father were British informers.

LAWS OF MANU CONCERNING DALITS/ UNTOUCHABLES ( Christian invaders spin ) 

For the sake of the prosperity of the worlds (the divine one) caused the Brahmana, the Kshatriya, the Vaisya, and the Sudra to proceed from his mouth, his arm, his thighs and his feet.
One occupation only the lord prescribed to the Sudras, to serve meekly even these (other) three castes.
Once-born man (a Sudra), who insults a twice-born man with gross invective, shall have his tongue cut out; for he is of low origin.
If he mentions the names and castes (gati) of the (twice-born) with contumely, an iron nail, ten fingers long, shall be thrust red-hot into his mouth.
If he arrogantly teaches Brahmanas their duty, the king shall cause hot oil to be poured into his mouth and into his ears.
With whatever limb a man of a low caste does hurt to (a man of the three) highest (castes), even that limb shall be cut off; that is the teaching of Manu.
He who raises his hand or a stick, shall have his hand cut off; he who in anger kicks with his foot, shall have his foot cut off.
A low-caste man who tries to place himself on the same seat with a man of a high caste, shall be branded on his hip and be banished, or (the king) shall cause his buttock to be gashed.
Let him never slay a Brahmana, though he have committed all (possible) crimes; let him banish such an (offender), leaving all his property (to him) and (his body) unhurt.

LAWS OF MANU CONCERNING WOMEN ( Christian invaders spin ) 

Day and night woman must be kept in dependence by the males (of) their (families), and, if they attach themselves to sensual enjoyments, they must be kept under one’s control.
Her father protects (her) in childhood, her husband protects (her) in youth, and her sons protect (her) in old age; a woman is never fit for independence.
Women must particularly be guarded against evil inclinations, however trifling (they may appear); for, if they are not guarded, they will bring sorrow on two families.
Considering that the highest duty of all castes, even weak husbands (must) strive to guard their wives.
No man can completely guard women by force; but they can be guarded by the employment of the (following) expedients:
Let the (husband) employ his (wife) in the collection and expenditure of his wealth, in keeping (everything) clean, in (the fulfillment of) religious duties, in the preparation of his food, and in looking after the household utensils.
Women, confined in the house under trustworthy and obedient servants, are not (well) guarded; but those who of their own accord keep guard over themselves, are well guarded.
Women do not care for beauty, nor is their attention fixed on age; (thinking), ‘(It is enough that) he is a man,’ they give themselves to the handsome and to the ugly.
Through their passion for men, through their mutable temper, through their natural heartlessness, they become disloyal towards their husbands, however carefully they may be guarded in this (world).
(When creating them) Manu allotted to women (a love of their) bed, (of their) seat and (of) ornament, impure desires, wrath, dishonesty, malice, and bad conduct.
For women no (sacramental) rite (is performed) with sacred texts, thus the law is settled; women (whoare) destitute of strength and destitute of (the knowledge of) Vedic texts, (are as impure as) falsehood (itself), that is a fixed rule.


Manu was a graceful Maharishi, incapable of being a racist.

On December 25, 1927 Ambedkar observed a "Manu Smruti Dahan Din", and publicly burnt THE FAKE POISON INJECTED Manusmruti.   The struggle was known as the "Maha-Sangharsha" of Mahad Satyagraha, and it is an important milestone in dalit struggle against  Hinduism.  

Ambedkar had asserted: "I was born a Hindu, but never will die a Hindu”



Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA VADAKAYIL  .

In my opinion Kanshi Ram and Mayawati has done more for the plight of dalits and down trodden that BR Ambedkar--  Mamata Bannerjee too!



Sometimes animals are more perceptive than gullible humans--see video above..

BR Ambedkar wrote, "Hinduism is a veritable chamber of horrors”.  

Rothschild controlled press had made a huge HOO HAA about The Reserve Bank of India (RBI),  formed in 1934, being based on ideas that BR Ambedkar presented to the Hilton Young Commission. 

And here is a joke--

CNN IBN LOGO IS " THE MOST AWARDED CHANNEL"-- is this something to be proud of ?

This is all about toeing the establishment line, right?  In your business getting awards is no big shakes, OK ?

Can Cacafonika -- nay-- S@garika Gh0se ( wife of Rajdeep Sardesai ) ever get a job in any other TV channel?

B. R. Ambedkar  ( white English speaking  invader's stooge, who tried to get the Mahar community to do mass conversion to Christianity-- but failed miserably , as there were no takers.)






His Brahmin wife Sharada Kabir was accused of murdering him.  When Dr Ambedkar died on December 6, 1956, at the age of 66 , some of his trusted dalit lieutenants led a vitriolic campaign against her, alleging she was responsible for his death. She was looked at with suspicion only because she was a Brahmin.

Dr Ambedkar’s only son,  Yeshwantrao alias Bhaiyyasaheb, had even written to the police commissioner of Delhi, demanding an inquiry into his father’s death.  Yeshwantrao also filed a suit claiming exclusive property rights as Ambedkar did NOT leave a will, thus giving all his property to Sharada.

Some close associates of Dr Ambedkar had then mobilised 19 MPs to write to then prime minister Jawaharlal Nehru, demanding an inquiry into Dr Ambedkar’s death. A probe was ordered which subsequently found no truth in the allegations.  The then Union Home minister Govind Vallabh Pant, replying to a question raised in the Lok Sabha by Dalit MP B.C. Kamble, categorically stated that Dr Ambedkar died a natural death.  

She was then offered a Rajya Sabha seat by Nehru and Indira Gandhi, but she refused.

Meanwhile the petty minded close dalit lieutenants of Dr Ambedkar were busy fighting among themselves for a larger share of political legacy .





Above: The First Round Table Conference was inaugurated by King George-V on Nov.12, 1930 in London, Dr.Ambedkar, Delegate, seen in the left row.



Above: Second Round Table Conference held in London on Sept.7, 1931 under the Chairmanship of Mr. Ramasay Mac Donald, British Prime Minister. Gandhiji, & Dr.Ambedkar.




Above: Reception to Sir.Cripps by stooge Dr.Ambedkar.  The Cripps mission was an attempt in late March 1942 by the British government to secure Indian cooperation and support for their efforts in World War II, in which 2.43 lakh Indians were killed.



Above: Members of First Central Cabinet of Indian Republic Pandit Nehru, Prime Minister and Dr.Rajendra Prasad, President of India are sitting in the center.  Back door Rajya Sabha entry Dr.Ambedkar who lost his deposit in the Lok Sabha elections, is sitting at the extreme of the first row. (Jan.1950). He was inducted on pressure by Rothschild .


I want all to read RIDDLES IN HINDUISM written by BR Ambedkar.   You can get the PDF copy on the internet.   

He has given himself away .



Ambedkar did NOT have the Sanskrit expertise to understand the Vedas being from the Mahar community.  
Never mind the Rothschild spin.  

He knows exactly where “NONSENSE” is told in ancient books of India and Hinduism --it takes a lifetime to figure this out even for a Sanskrit scholar .   

This is a dead giveaway to a man with perception , for he in collusion with the white invader has injected all this poison, and destroyed the originals.

For an idea of this nonsense punch into Google search--
 IMMORAL ATTACK ON HINDUISM AND INDIAN CULTURE VADAKAYIL



I must explode a bombshell right now. 

Chitapavan means “found lying at sea shore” in colloquial Hindi.  

Chitpavans of Maharashtra were a bunch of light eyed Jews who ventured from Kerala northwards by ship and their ship sank in the NW monsoon off the Kolaba district of Konkan  (actually scuttled by the Captain of Rothschild's British East India Company ship ) . 

The Y chromosome of Chitpavan Brahmins , who were unknown before the 18th century, contains a Cohenim haplotype unique to Jewish Rabbis. 

The Bene Israel claim that they share a common origin with the Indian Jews Chitpavan Brahmins.  

BR Ambedkar’s wife was a Chitpavan Brahmin.  

Gopal Krishna Gokhale the mentor of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

The assassin of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

Mahadev Govind Ranade the mentor of Gokhale and the founding member of the Indian National Congress was a Chitpavan. 

Rothschild had their fake Western historians inject every where that Chitpavan Brahmins are explained in the tall tale of Lord  Parshuram in the Sahyadrikhanda of the Skanda Purana.

Hey, ring a bell?

BR Ambedkar was raised in the KabirDAS  Panthi tradition, the backbone of the ‘untouchable’ strain in the Bhakti movement.

Indians must know that the entire DASA Bhakti movement series are backdated creations of the white invader Rothschild.

To know more about KabirDAS why don’t you check out what is written in Wikipedia?  

KabirDAS being born of immaculate conception, floating down the river on a lotus leaf, found by a Muslim weaver couple BLAH BLAH .  Varanasi has been chosen as a convenient place.

RADHA , the mistress of Lord Krishna tom tommed by KaliDAS never existed.   It was an attack on the 8th avatar of Vishnu.

Rothshchild converted Buddha into the 9th avatar of Vishnu, retro installing  9th avatar statues , paintings in ancient Hindu temples and in literature ( removing Lord Ayyappa )  .    



The white invader forgot  that a Vishnu avatar does NOT need to struggle for salvation like a mere mortal.

When the white invader left India , the Mahar regiment whose loyalties were solely to the British was shaken up.   The British has willed that the Mahar regiment must consist only Mahars from Maharashtra.   




One of the great supporters of Mahar recruitment was  Subedar  Major Ramji Maloji Sakpal ,the father of BR Ambedkar.   

In July 1941, B. R. Ambedkar was appointed to the Defence Advisory Committee of the Viceroy's Executive Council and he had consolidated the Mahar regiment.   Today the Mahar Regiment is one of the only regiments in the Indian Army that is composed of troops from ALL communities and regions of India.
********************************************************************
LONDON OLYMPICS 2012, 4X100 METERS RELAY, USAIN BOLT POWERS JAMAICA TO GOLD- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



LONDON OLYMPICS 2012,  4X100 METERS RELAY,  USAIN BOLT POWERS JAMAICA TO GOLD-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

The Jamaican quartet set a world record with 36.84 seconds, smashing the previous mark of 37.04 seconds they set at the 2011 World championships in Daegu.
It was a typical chilly summer night at 15 deg C.  Bolt in black winter dress , woolen gloves and a monkey cap was having a ball,  as he warmed up before the race. He did the Mobot and pranced  around, always a pleasure to watch. 

Now, the Mobot is about Mo Farah--  Britain's Somalian import, who won the 5000 and 10000 metres gold.   Mo Farah, forms the letter M on his head - the Mobot celebration after a race , which has now gone viral on the internet.

The relay race boiled down to team anchors Jamaican Bolt , the world 100 metres record holder vs American Bailey, who was fifth in the 100 meters in 9.88.   Both recd the baton for the final leg at the same split second.

''It was over from there,'' Blake said.

Gay opined  ''When he got the stick, there was nothing we could do about it.''
As expected , to thunderous ovation, Bolt exploded in the anchor leg with his long easy strides, easily outpacing Bailey by five meters and finishing in 36.84 seconds .  Bolt did a blistering 9.22 leg from a standing start.

"We're not normal,"  Blake explained. "To run 36 ain't normal."
As Bolt crossed the finish line, he did the heart shape over his head, imitating the signature move of his friend, Mo Farah, who had earlier stolen Bolt’s signature  "to the world" arrow gesture.  



Mo had also done two stomach crunches ( 2 golds )  in response to Bolt's 5 press ups ( 5 golds ) after the 200 metres sprint.
Bolt was now proud owner of the three most coveted world records in men's track: the 100 meters, 200 meters and the 4x100 relay—a mere repeat of the Beijing Olympics, 4 years ago. The whole world soaked it in.
Bolt who was all smiles having just done the Mobot, lost his pearly smile when a Track Official displayed  limey quintessential pettiness, by demanding that Bolt return the yellow baton which he was holding on to, as a souvenir. 
Seeing Bolt hesitating, he switched on to racist mode and threatened to disqualify Jamaica and strip them off the gold medal.  Who has authorised this man to speak in this bullshit manner?
A grim Bolt expostulated that he just wanted a memento for Jamaica's 50th year of Independence, to no avail.  Discrimination at its best, over a worthless piece of plastic which would NOT be used again at the London Olympics. 


Bolt , the greatest of track showmen, shrugged and gave the baton back. The stiff upper lip won this round.
The Eurythemics song " Sweet dreams are made of these " lost its sheen and meaning,  at such amazing discrimination. 


A world beater had just been deprived of "his moment" of glory.

Bolt at this time was the cynosure off billions of eyes,  none of whom had recovered from the goose bumps. The whole stadium immediately booed at this colonial hangover. 
Even I and my family collectively booed into our TV at nearly 2 AM in the morning-- from half way around the globe, along with a million others..  


BOOOOOOOOOOOO--
Surely Britain lost all grace in the eyes of the world.   

Just before the 100 metres dash final, the Brits had confiscated Bolt's skipping rope.   It was all about making him lose his laid back attitude and composure before a crucial race- -we all know on the behest of who.  

Tevez and Maradona can tell you what this is allabout.   I am sure it made Carl Lewis gush in glee.  In the 200 metres event however, Bolt was allowed to use his skipping rope -- or else the IOC would have got egg on their faces.


This was no way for this amazing legend to exit the world’s stage , over a cheap piece of hardware —what a cryin’ disgrace.

This was just a sordid repeat of the Beijing Olympics when IOC President Jacques fu#kin' Rogge , the Belgian, threatened to strip Usain Bolt off his world record and gold medal in the 100 metres dash, as the black man show boated before he crossed the finish line.  It was conveniently construed as disrespecting the also-rans-- read that as the white supremacist committee.
Sports columnist, Dan Wetzel, who covered the Games had given his perspective " The IOC has made billions off athletes such as Bolt for years, yet this man has to find someone to pick on".
Note: Later after the medal ceremony, after 40 minutes  the same official was ordered to return the baton to Bolt, who made his team mates sign on the baton. Bolt said. "I got it back, but it was kind of weird, because he actually told me that if I didn't give it back, I would be disqualified. That was kinda weird."

The 4 Jamaicans shrugged off this incident, high-fived each other, danced in joy , hugged and got hugged by the eager crowd-  to the delirious cheers of a sell out 80000 crowd..
After the 200 metres, level headed Sebastian Coe, a former track star and the chief of the London Olympic organizing committee, called Bolt a legend, as if to tell Jacques fu#kin’ Rogge to FO. 
For IOC President Jacques Fu#kin' Rogge, had absurdly said Bolt wouldn't reach legendary status until he's at the top "for almost 20 years" like some Olympic sailing "legends."-- drawing flak from around the globe.  

This mangy man must be put out to pasture.
When Bolt heard Rogge's remarks, he could only shrug.

"I would like to answer with a question: What else do I need to do to prove myself as a legend?" Bolt said. "World-record holder in both sprints . I've won both events twice at the Olympics. I've won world championship gold medals. I've broken the world record many times, so I don't know what else to do, really. Next time you see him, I think you should ask him what more Usain needs to do."
Bolt is now THE perfect 6 for 6 in Olympics, getting gold every time — and setting four world records in the process.
Nobody cares for Carl Lewis and his loaded comments about Bolt any more!  Carl Lewis must remember that he won 4 gold Olympic medals at the truncated Los Angeles Olympics of 1984, which the Eastern block ( half the world ) boycotted. These medals are half size.
Just do a statistics of the IMPORT MEDALS ( like Mo Farah's 2 golds  from an impoverished nation Somalia ) of the West , and you will get to know what a sham event Olympics has become.  

What is all this?  Where is the Olympic spirit? -- Oh I forgot, it went with sponsors DOW!


2012 has become ZION.


We all know how hard USA tried to IMPORT Usain Bolt , over the years, by offering sops.
''A wonderful end to a wonderful week,'' Bolt spake. '' It's always a beautiful feeling to end off like this.  I've got no more goals.  I am just like a bum ''
YIKES! 
********************************************************************
PERCEPTION AND RELATIVITY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


PERCEPTION AND RELATIVITY-    CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Let me talk about PERCEPTION first.


Three friends go to a bar for drinking beer ( costing 10 dollars a bottle )
As usual they take out one 10 dollar bill each from their wallets and gives the waiter,  3 nos 10 dollar  notes or 30 dollars.
The bar owner is in a expansive mood and he tells the waiter -- "happy hour time! -- give them 5 dollars back!!-- i will charge only 25 dollars for 3 beers today ".
The clever waiter knows 5 dollars cannot be split between 3 regular dutchmen. so he pockets 2 dollars and returns 3 one dollar notes .
The three of them put back one dollar each into their respective wallets.  Initially each wallet had one 10 dollar bill--now it has only one single dollar bill.
Now comes the perception part:


All three of them spent 9 dollars each-- 27 dollars total.
The waiter got 2 dollars.
WHERE IS ONE DOLLAR GONE-- POOF???


Be honest to yourself and dont read further, till you figure this out.
You tell an accountant without perception to give you a debit/ credit accounts statement--and see the way he sweats.
See literacy has nothing to do with perception.  A illiterate chaiwala boy in mumbai can make an ass out of you, when it comes to accounts.
Daft accountants make a mistake when it comes to "receipts" and " balance ".


Here in this case it is - 30+0= 27+3.
Opening cash + receipts = spent cash+ balance cash.  It can never ever be 30-3+2=29
See, you cant argue with dorks.   2 dollars is something which happened in the mann mandir of the waiter.  How do you know that he stole 2 dollars ?   Accounting has to be objective.

Now let me talk about another case -- It is about RELATIVITY


There was this blind man, who used to constantly bitch about his bad luck-- again and again to whoever bothered to listen to him.


Fed up of this broken record, one day a wise man suggested to him, listen I have an idea -- let us put you misfortune in a basket, and so will everybody else .  Then we will shake up these misfortunes and you can pick up another man's misfortune.  You cannot lose as you will gain your eye sight, which you so sorely miss.


Before the wise man completed , the blind man told him to FO. 


He was happy with his own misfortune.  At least he could get a massive hard on and with that he could enjoy with his girl friend, or all by himself if she was at work, or busy.  His girl friend was his fan, as he could sing well and and she loved his sense of humor and his performance in bed.  And his friends had given him bull  that she was attractive, while in reality she looked YUCCKK.

Suddenly he saw the light,  as soon as he related his misfortune with another man's.  He never bitched after that.


So sometimes a leper could be the happier , that a guy in a wheel chair with a broken spine.


It is necessary to compare things in life.  There are no absolutes like happy, sad, big, small, beautiful, ugly , strong , weak, rich, poor etc.

So sometimes when you feel you are happy,  it is just your comparison, to what you felt before. 

There has to be a base for every thing.   Relativity is the only thing which allows anything to exist. this extends from atoms to living beings to the cosmos.  There has to be a reference point.  People who do NOT understand this truth usually paint themselves into a corner.


You cant think in black and white. Everything cannot be termed in groups of right and wrong. There are shades of grey.  Like President Bush said, either you are with me or against me.  Hey, how about "who the fu#k are you" , or h"ow about a kick on your ass" ?


When dealing with the law you must pinch and remind yourself, that absolutes could rule the day. "Do you plead guity or non-guily", asked the judge.  You will piss him off if you say " I am only a little guilty!" Like the 12 year old girl telling her mother " Ma, looks like I am a little pregnant!"


Unlike Hinduism, most modern religions like Christianity , Islam etc are absolute.  Members of these religions  see their own religion as the one that is right and will regard all others as wrong. Religious intolerance is due to this perception.


According to the New Testament, the way it reads today’s abridged Bible , Jesus Christ said that nobody will be saved except through him.  If the "Hour of Judgment" were to take place today, do you truly believe that all non-Christians would be doomed to hell forever?" A priest will answer this with a huge YES.


Literal and narrow interpretation of holy books as is done on evangelist TV channels or in a place of worship, can be dangerous. Many spiritual statements need to be analyzed and interpreted broadly.


This is the reason why this planet had to suffer Inquisitions and crucifications.  Many of the Popes of Vatican were involved in simony, nepotism, torture, murder, sexual promiscuity, or other sins unbefitting anyone claim to spread the word of God.


Mahatma Gandhi, had said "A votary of truth [a person fervently devoted to truth] is often obliged to grope in the dark."  


Our challenge therefore lies in our blind spots, not in our vision.  Unlike correcting a blind spot in the rear view of an automobile, which can be rectified simply by adding a different kind or a supplemental mirror, at another angle, we cannot correct our personal blind spots so easily. 



To correct them, we must grow in our perception and in our acceptance of what is. "Perceive" means to "seize wholly," to "see all the way through." Perception, therefore, is the act of seeing in the mind, of understanding.


Our perceptions grow and change as we mature, but not everyone's perceptions mature at the same rate, which accounts for the widely differing degrees of consciousness with respect to cause-and-effect relationships, as we see different truths.



So let me quote John Godfrey Saxe's ( 1816-1887) version of the famous Indian legend--the six blind men of Hindoostan-


It was six men of Indostan
To learning much inclined,
 Who went to see the Elephant
(Though all of them were blind),
That each by observation
Might satisfy his mind.
The First approach'd the Elephant,
And happening to fall
Against his broad and sturdy side,
At once began to bawl:
"God bless me! but the Elephant
Is very like a wall!"


The Second, feeling of the tusk,
Cried, -"Ho! what have we here
So very round and smooth and sharp?
To me 'tis mighty clear
This wonder of an Elephant
Is very like a spear!"


The Third approached the animal,
And happening to take
The squirming trunk within his hands,
Thus boldly up and spake:
"I see," quoth he, "the Elephant
Is very like a snake!"


The Fourth reached out his eager hand,
And felt about the knee.
"What most this wondrous beast is like
Is mighty plain," quoth he,
"'Tis clear enough the Elephant
Is very like a tree!"


The Fifth, who chanced to touch the ear,
Said: "E'en the blindest man
Can tell what this resembles most;
Deny the fact who can,
This marvel of an Elephant
Is very like a fan!"


The Sixth no sooner had begun
About the beast to grope,
Then, seizing on the swinging tail
That fell within his scope,
"I see," quoth he, "the Elephant
Is very like a rope!"


And so these men of Indostan
Disputed loud and long,
Each in his own opinion
Exceeding stiff and strong,
Though each was partly in the right,
And all were in the wrong!  

MORAL.
So oft in theologic wars,
The disputants, I ween,
Rail on in utter ignorance
Of what each other mean,
And prate about an Elephant
Not one of them has seen!



Well these were blind men. Let us talk about people who are NOT blind. 

The eye sees only what the mind is prepared to comprehend.  People see what they want to see and what people want to see , never has anything to do with the truth.


Perception determines how a person responds to the world.  This means there is no reality- only perception. This is why people all over the world get fooled by clever advertisements and branding. However, the more you already know about a topic, the harder it is for anyone to mislead or misinform you.


“Reality is merely an illusion, albeit a very persistent one.” – Albert Einstein



Perception is not always to be trusted, as our perceptions are colored by our beliefs, expectations and experiences. Everything you see or hear or experience in any way at all is specific to you. You create a universe by perceiving it, so everything in the universe you perceive is you-specific. You get upset with people as they do NOT conform to your personal rules for the situation.


Perception determines reality but at the same time your "perception" of reality does not mean that it is indeed reality... it is just your reality.
Our memories are not the equivalent of video recordings of events. Instead, memories are our interpretative summaries of the information gathered by your senses.


Perception is the process of translating the outside world to an inside representation into the perceiver.  What we perceive as being true is often conditionally true rather than empirically true.


Your beliefs, values and references are what make your reality.  You may see a situation as being bad while a  person who is more optimistic sees it as an opportunity for growth.  One man’s meat is another man’s poison.  One man’s  success is another man’s failure.


Business is all about perceptions.  The essence of leading, managing, marketing and selling is coming to grips with people's perceptions. There is only one perceived reality, the way each of us chooses to perceive a communication, the value of a service, the value of a particular product feature, the quality of a product.


Most of your judgments result from decisional shortcuts and thumb rules you use to generate solutions that are good enough most of the time.   When you perceive a situation that looks familiar to you, doesn't your past experience cause you to see the event in terms of what you expect?  Doesn't your limited span of attention lead you to categorize things by aspects that appear similar to what you already know?


"We are constantly bombarded with so much sensory information that it is impossible for us to pay attention to everything.  Our subconscious mind scans our environment and selects what it deems may be important for us to notice.  Even then, people not only see things the way they are, they also tend to see what they expect to see, as well as what they want to see.  Much of human perception is based not based on information flowing into the brain from the outside world ,the brain, based on previous experience, expects to happen next.


Perception is the process of feeling and understanding the environment by ways of sensory data processing. These sensory data are the results of interactions between sensors and outer stimuli.


Our brains and sense organs are wired in specific ways to aid in the purpose of survival. This machine is built with specific perceptual functionality that intentionally orders thought in ways that allow for prime survival strategies. It doesn’t follow the physical rules or laws of the universe. It runs with a specific purpose. 



Our human machine not only perceives the world, it intentionally creates and re-creates the world around it. It drives and shapes reality even though this would seem to contradict its purpose and function. This machine functions through the exploitation of an active paradox. It sees what is out there and it creates what it sees. 



Truth is absolute. Perceptions of truth are relative. Therefore, facts, which are perceptions of truth, are relative.  Paradoxes is something in which the same information may lead to two contradictory conclusions--give us pleasure and torment at the same time .


Truth is singular and perceptions plural. The universe functions perfectly . Our perception of how the universe functions is imperfect.


Gandhi had reached this conclusion when he said:  "My aim is not to be consistent with my previous statements, but to be consistent with the truth.  The accepted definitions of truth are only modifications of the definitions of perception.  Truth as a human understanding resides in everyone's heart, and it is there one must search for it. Although we must each be guided by truth as we see it, no one has a right to coerce others to act according to his or her own view of truth. In the end, our "detector of truth" is our inner voice ".


Truth is perfect understanding of that which is.  It is neither the spoken word nor the written word, although these may have a ring of truth to them. Truth cannot be defined; it can only be experienced and lived.


Truth is universal. Perception of truth is not.  Perception in the broadest sense is a matter of interaction between the world and the self.


All our knowledge is the offspring of our perceptions.  Attitude can effect perception of the real world and the real world can effect attitude.


Perception is hence more like a reflection of reality than reality itself.  It is an interpretation of reality that is erroneous to some degree and cannot be perfectly correct.


You can’t touch or feel or see perceived value, yet it affects our actions more than we’d like to admit.   Knowledge has everything to do with the social acceptability of perception and nothing to do with Truth.  Did someone say God Particle ?


Truth can exist only , only in the present, in this instant, in the here and now. The past and the future are both illusions, and like all illusions, they are devoid of Truth.  Distinguish truth and reality. Truth is is real.   Reality is not known, it is realised,experienced.


We're prone to accepting and using all "shades" of truth. Truth is absolute and simply is, so there is only Truth and untruth. Truth never needs defense, although it may require explanation.  And where Truth abides, no judgment of human value is possible.


The voyage of discovery is not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.  There is little difference in people, but that difference makes a big difference.   The little difference is attitude. 
Any idea or thought that you accept as true will be accepted as a command by your subconscious mind.


Brain is not capable of distinguishing between reality and memory—the same neurons are sparked when we see something as when we merely remember it. Brain cannot distinguish between an image of experience and one of vivid imagination. You can participate in an orgy or think of an orgy, your wee willie winkie will give the same standing ovation.
Any passing comment or trivial statements can have a devastating effect on our subconscious mind because it is not argumentative or analytical. It accepts all statements directly on the face value. Even prayers and beliefs are positive signals which we give to our subconscious mind as something acceptable and true.
The subconscious mind cannot tell the difference between a real experience and one that you vividly imagine. You can fool it. It cannot tell the difference between real and imaginary experience.
The conscious and subconscious minds are connected through a filter. So we cant read the contents of our subconscious mind.
Thinking is not an action of the mind , but an action of our entire body. Tell your subconscious what you want repeatedly and it will produce it. . Every thing you have experienced using your 5 senses is part of the permanent memory of the subconscious mind, which never sleeps The subconscious mind acts on old beliefs stored over a lifetime.
Many of those beliefs you may have accepted without thinking. Or you may have absorbed them when you were too young to exercise choice. Negative suggestions with growing children gets rooted in their subconscious mind and is reflected later in their behavior.
By the way, you cannot talk anyone into 'happiness' because happiness is an inside job. 




Hark, all patriotic Indians .  

When you get a message on foreign funded TVs  “ Do you think Team Anna must form a new political party,  to fight corruption in India— answer in YES or NO,  by giving missed call to this number 123456789. “ be very careful.

This is one way to know who all can be called on to the streets for mass scale flash protests , to pull down a lawfully elected government, so that the wheels of governance grinds to a halt..

Virtue words like anti-corruption, truth,  freedom , peace, our way of life,  etc are such easy platforms to ask such YES/ NO questions and polarize perceptions.

Being naïve , you will send a missed call YES.  Now your number is in the call list of potential revolutionaries in a computer which can send mass SMS messages.

Don’t get polarized by such message schemes.  Example:  “ Do you think as an Indian Muslim, the Babri Masjid incident and Godhra riots are good or bad—please send a missed call to 123456789 saying YES/ NO.   Again this is a fear/ discontent  platform .

Mark my words – as one day you will wonder why so may Indians came on the streets in a few seconds , exercising their right to recall  ( just because India preferred a MIG plane over a F16 fighter jet plane -OR why a particular minority community suddenly did mass exodus,  from a sensitive area.   This can be revenge or retribution,  just because someone patriot in power did NOT allow USA  to steal our nation’s resources or sign away further nuclear rights.

This is the age of mis-information.   PR and propaganda is interchangeable.   When US put embedded CNN reporters in every army unit during the Iraq war , you must understand that these are not truth reporters— rather they are PROFESSIONAL  LIE MANUFACTURERS,  who are trained by psychologists to reshape reality.   They are trained to manufacture content.

You have no idea how you can get  carried away by such vague  branding logos like “just do it” , “I am loving it”,  “yes, we can”  etc .  



Hollow placards displaying  "Support our troops.  Help save American lives",  before dropping a bomb on women and children in one corner of the globe, to fill the pockets of greedy American corporates , must be  treated for what they is worth.



My younger son who never would ask me for sweets , one day asked my wife for more Wriggley Double Mint chewing gum.  He asked with big round eyes as a 4 year old boy  “ Mummy, can I have some more?”— like Oliver Twist.   



Knowing that this piece of dialogue does NOT belong to my son, I searched for the empty carton and found out that Wriggleys had it printed on the bottom “ When you chewing gum gets over , ask for some more”.

USA has overthrown about 50 legally elected democracies, in the modern era .  “Globalization” is nothing but a empire building strategy in this age , when you cannot  go around brazenly colonizing countries.   

China’s is full of sweat shops .  They do slave labor for the WEST.   China has polluted her rivers ,land and air, by manufacturing stupid things like toys , clothes, electricals for the West.  The real important things like critical chips and vital electronic circuits are not given to China for manufacture.

USA has just realized that they have struck a hammer on their own feet.  For all this Chinese smoke rises high up,  goes across the pacific ocean like a balloon in 3 days flat and rains down on California in the form of acid rain .  This is the reason why all yanks prefer Chilean wine to Californian wine.  

USA will need to move the polluting industries from China to India.  I have been all over the West.  They have gone back to clean rivers, green fields and clear skies.   Third world countries are expected to pollute their land and decimate their fish in rivers , to produce for the West.

The new mantra of the modern messiah and prophet to control you,  is to keep you in fear,  distract you ,  marginalize you  . By doing this they will not allow you to use your perception in a rational manner .  

Don’t despair, we in India have less corruption and are more free than USA.  For in USA Democrat or Republican president means the same thing.  Both are chosen by the Bilderberg club, well in advance .

Check out our foreign funded TV channels, at prime time. This is sheer tamasha and it happens every day . The anchor will ask you a question. If he/she  smells an answer which does NOT suit his foreign master, or his own " delusional " perception he will will keep throwing you off track by interrupting loudly again and again.  And mind you this dumbo with low IQ, but is articulate and clever with words,  did NOT choose "communications" as a subject at college ( donation quota ) by rejecting IIT. When you pull yourself together and get back on track, he will again derail you, by cherry pickin' in between . Finally again when you get back on track with the truthful and correct answer, he will shoot off a sub question to some one else on the discussion panel and ignore you.  You can never get the truth across to the nation. 


This brings me to the meaning of a "polarized vote" .  One of my Muslim officers from UP  told me this.  He had gone to pray on a Friday , in one of the large mosques, while on leave . Half way through the maulavi's discourse, he tells everybody to take out their mobiles and send a SMS vote for a Muslim singer , who had reached the finals of a National singing competition, with 2 Hindus . He literally dictated the operation, press this number then press * then press this alphabet-- 

Since my officer did NOT want to get ex-communicated he complied. He was very surprised to know that this fatwa was given in a lot of mosques of UP and Bihar.  95% of the audience did NOT even know the singer.  

So, does this polarized sham vote mean a thing? Think over it. 

Recently we has a sham "greatest Indian" poll conducted by CNN IBN, which declared BR Ambedkar as the most valuable Indian.  You can check out my post by punching into Google search CNN IBN SHAM POLL FOR GREATEST INDIAN - VADAKAYIL




To be honest I have written this post for India's best selling author Chetan Bhagat.  

He is a column writer for Times of India and Dainik Jagran-and an ex-executive director of Goldman Sachs .  He is IIT + IIM. 

I saw a foreign funded TV channel interviewing him, and singing the praises of his latest book WHAT YOUNG INDIA WANTS. 




So I bought this book , read it from cover to cover and this is what I have to say to him without any malice. 

Chetan Bhagat needs to read this post. 

Only then then he can start writing "non-fiction"  books on how to guide the destiny of India and how to guide the destiny of 1.3 billion Indians. 

Sorry Bunty-- nay-- Chetan!  

I will be checking your next book for "Goldman Sachs speak", to check if you are telling us to search for the missing dollar.  I will NOT be as benign, as this para. 

Suggest you read my post DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL, to check out who runs Time magazine ( who has chosen you as top 100 powerful on this planet ) and who is Rothschild.

Time magazine also loved Amartya Sen. Punch into Google search AMARTYA SEN GETS NOBEL PRIZE- VADAKAYIL
.

And if you want to know why Mamata Banerjee , who is a champion of the downtrodden , and NOT a yuppie, does NOT want FDI in multibrand retail, punch into google search WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA- VADAKAYIL.

Thought:  The ear must NOT offer endless seeing , tasting, feeling and smelling lessons. 

Question: Are you a patriot, Chetan?

Indian Yuppies have read and rejected the doctrine of Ayn Rand in her book- THE VIRTUE OF SELFISHNESS-, as it is NOT congruent with Indian Dharma. We do NOT need your bullshit spin on it.

Advice: You are right now caught in the chakravyuh of Ayn Rand . For your own good , punch into google search THE BACK SWING OF JOHN GALT- VADAKAYIL. 

So is Hindu bashing author Amish Tripati , who is also sponsored like you, for calling Lord Shiva a mere mortal,  in his book Shiva Trilogy. 

Sometimes animals are more perceptive than gullible humans--see video below.
********************************************************************
BABA RAMDEV FIRES FIRST SALVO, CONGRESS SHIP IS SINKING, SLOWLY BUT SURELY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BABA RAMDEV FIRES FIRST SALVO, CONGRESS SHIP IS SINKING, SLOWLY BUT SURELY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

 We Indians could NOT drive away the invaders who ruled us for 90 years. 

They came , they divided us, and then they ruled.  A few thousand, ruled over millions. They killed 90 million Indians-- the worst genocide in the world .
Are we cowards? 
Well Adolf Hitler told Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, exactly this.
We have allowed invaders to divide us over religious and caste lines.
On 15th August 2012, CNN-IBN in connivance with Rothschild ( British East India Company owners ) controlled History Channel, will give the "Greatest Indian" award to BR Ambedkar, who did NOT want the British to leave India.   He did NOT participate in a single freedom movement. All he did was to increase the caste divide.
Punch into Google search CNN-IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN SINCE MAHATMA GANDHI- VADAKAYIL.
Our media and TV is all foreign funded. Foreign funded NGOs , operate in India as Trojan horses. We are nearly a banana republic now.  

Arvind Kejriwal is very much against India being nuclear along with Prashant Bhushan and his father Shanti Bhushan. They had hijacked naive Anna Hazare--like how the British hijacked Mahatma Gandhi, and imported him from South Africa in 1914, to make our freedom fighting "non-violent" and to recruit Indian soldiers to die for the Raj, as cannon fodder in the most dangerous sectors..
We are now ruled by Congress party,  remote controlled by a Italian woman, the wife of Rajiv Gandhi.  She started off well and we Indians loved and respected her-- after all she was Indira Gandhi's daughter-in-law, and she was carrying a great legacy on her shoulders. 

Soon we found out , that her friend , in whose villa she holidayed,  an Italian by the name of Quatraochi had the powers to go into our Ministries of Finance and Defence and shout at the terrified babus. Q had shocking access to confidential information sent to the Prime Minister’s office.  



This Italian friend of the Queen Bee could recount the confidential notings that they had made on files they had sent to their Ministers. Naturally all ministries were wary of him, and they used to stand up when talked to.
She turned out to be a stooge of Vatican, who loves Hindu bashing.  She has NIL respect for Indians , leave alone Hindus.  She encouraged crypto-Hindus like YSR to convert Hindus to Christianity en-masse using state and national funds.  

YSR's son Jagan Mohan is worth more than a thousand crores.  The moment Jagan fell out with her, she got him arrested by CBI.   

She will now throw the Income tax net on Ramdev.
She has a coterie around her, who are more loyal to her and her son,  rather that their motherland. She sullied the high chair of the President of India by installing a servile Prathiba Patil there .
Her "not so bright" son , the Yuv-raj ( crown prince ) of India was exposed by Wiki leaks when he told the US ambassdor Timothy J. Roemer in 2010, that Hindu terrorism and patriotic RSS is worse than Islam terrorism and desh drohi Laskar E Toiba.   

This could NOT be a slip of the tongue , and it shocked all the Indians-- including the patriotic Indian Muslims.
There are more Muslims in India than the rest of the world put together, if you leave out Indonesia. A Muslim like Ex-President Abdul Kalam is the most respected person in India. We love our Muslim cricket players in the Indian team.
There is nothing Hindu about all this.  My father was in the RSS.  He had a one centimeter deep dent on his forehead,  between the eyebrows, to remind him of his contribution to India's struggle for Independence.  He did NOT go around clamouring for Tamra Patra like countless others.
He and his colleagues left RSS , the day Britain did propaganda that RSS member Nathuram Godse killed Gandhiji. Though Godse was never a member or part of RSS.
Queen Bee used her stooge PM to sign away India's nuclear rights. Now she is trying her best to get Zionist Walmart into India.  She has allowed foreign funded Trojan horse Christain missionaries and Mormons a free run in India.  India is now the kidney sale capital.

Today this Italian ex-waitress is a DOCTOR as three universities have given her honorary doctorates, on ex- British East india Company owners Rothschild’s and Vatican’s recommendation —

--- three cheers for Dr Sonia Gandhi!  HIP HIP HUZZAH!



Above our "not too bright"  Yuv raj Rahul.  Are we to believe that he could NOT find a Indian girl (who are the most beautiful and docile  on this planet ) for a wife at the age of 43?  Personal choice I agree , even for my son-- but then these are sacrifices you make when you want to guide the destiny of Billions.  The fact remains that his heart is NOT Indian, and he would be checking out the Italian medal tally, of London Olympics 2012 ,  along with his mother.

You may wonder if I am anti-Congress .

Not at all. 
Every member of my family and our ancestors have voted for Congress,  till today including me. I don't need to write all this.  Just shows my distress, on the sad state of India.
I remember when Indira Gandhi lost from Rae Bareily to Raj Narain in 1977 , the women folk in my home cried, as if the world came to an end.  I had to pacify them as a young boy, that it will be business as usual.
Today India is on the way down. We can become No 1 super power on this planet by 2035, if we get our act together.  Even USA knows this truth.
Big corruption is rampant.   I am NOT talking about the 50 bucks bribe a cop took as his college going daughter refused to go to college with a broken chappal.
Black money of nearly a Trillion USD is stashed away in foreign banks. Every body steals.  In the last no confidence vote against Congress government crores of rupees were unearthed inside our Lok Sabha. The Congress won the day.

Mining leases have been given away free or for a song, in return for bribes to be credited to foreign banks  or investments in benami businesses.  All you corrupt souls, after 2014 elections, the Queen Bee and her coterie cant save you, no more . Be ready, you might as well prepare a list of items you want to take with you to jail.
Even our army has become a hot bed of corruption.
It is possible in India to have a home minister like Gopal Goyal Kanda who ran a bankrupt chappal shop. He lived in a dingy 2 room apartment on top of his store.  He borrowed small amounts like 100 rupees from many, to survive.
Then hey presto-- all of a sudden, he went into the wheeling and dealing business of converting agricultural land to commercial land.  Within 14 years he was worth hundreds of crores. Hundreds of attractive women landed at his house on Rakshabandhan day to tie rakhi on him, in busloads.
He even owned a private Airline business and a casino. When Atul Wassan of the world cup winning cricket team in 1983, overtook his car, his guards gave him a black eye.  Such was his clout. The quintessential Indian politician of the Congress UPA govt.
The Queen Bee ensures that every powerful chair is filled with her chamchas and sycophants. Indira Gandhi and Rajiv too did this.  But it was NOT so bad and dismaying.

Few months ago, she gave 10 billion USD as largesse to Euro zone ( read as Italy zone ) so that they can lead a life of luxury, when in India farmers are committing suicide daily, and there is no food and drinking water. Women defecate in public in Inda as they do NOT have toilets.

Her remote controlled PM, promised that all black money salted away abroad , will be brought back to India within 100 days, as an election manifesto.  She came into power on this platform. We Indians will NOT forget this big lie . 

 

Veteran Lawyer Ram Jethmalani said : "Rahul Gandhi's name is there in the list of those whose money is stashed abroad. The Congress party wants to hide the name of its leaders in the list."


This Italian waitress with no leadership spirit and commonsense has been micromanaging the Indian Government without any accountability what so ever.  Her non-constitutional and useless suggestions are mostly made just to show who the boss is.


Power without responsibility is such a potent drug for this ignorant Vatican blessed Super PM.  For some health problems she recently disappeared to USA, and we have reports whom all she met and talked to.   Is this normal by any standards for a PM of a country?
 
Corruption and high handed behavior of people in power , has become unbearable.

As Ramdev himself told our PM today ". "You are being hailed as an honest person. We don't doubt your personal honesty. But you will have to show political honesty and political will. If you do not do your duty, then there will be a question mark on your political honesty,"

He thundered at Ram Lila grounds today  "May be we may not have to wait till 2014 as they may go in 2013 itself.... We also know who should be defeated in the next elections..., Time will tell who will remain in power,"

He said Congress came up with slogan 'Garibi Hatao' (remove poverty) but they ended up increasing poverty and removing poor people from the country.
 Defending his attack on Congress, Ramdev said the party is responsible for what happened to the country as it was in power for a long period and cannot escape responsibility.
 Ramdev who was joined by ex-Army Chief VK Singh said  "People in power have become deaf to the cries of the common man".
 The writing on the wall is clear. The next elections will show the will of the people.
Anybody who reads this can check into our Internet. You will note that there is NOT a single good word about the Queen Bee and her "not so bright" son , since the past 3 years. The UPA government has NIL inner democracy.

It is a one woman show-- total dictatorship. 


Baba Ramdev said that the aim of his protest is to ensure that no ' dishonest person enters Parliament' following the Lok Sabha elections in 2014.  

There will be new type of patriotic political porarisation, never before seen in India.  

I see the press and media supporting this god sent movement, to save this ancient civilization !
I , personally will be breaking a rock hard family tradition of 65 years,  in 2014.  I will NOT vote for the Queen Bee's Congress party.  

Nor will I will NOT allow my wife also to vote for her.  What is sauce for the gander shall be for the goose too.
Listen to Baba Ramdev's clarion call!

CONGRESS HATAO-- DESH BACHAO!

Enough is fuc#in' enough!





Grace and peace - JAI HIND!

Put on headphones and listen to THE FINAL HARVEST-  by Acherontas 
********************************************************************
RSS, RASHTRIYA SWAYAMSEVAK SANGH, A BRIEF OUTLOOK – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

RSS,  RASHTRIYA SWAYAMSEVAK SANGH, A BRIEF OUTLOOK – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



A REQUEST--- FIRST WATCH THIS VIDEO CLIP BELOW-- IF YOU ARE TOUCHED , YOU CAN CONTINUE READING,  FOR YOU HAVE INDIAN DNA -- THE REST WHOSE LOYALTIES LIKE IN SAUDI ARABIA , ITALY AND ISRAEL MUST LAY OFF





I am penning this post on the express request of a reader of my post BABA RAMDEV FIRES FIRST SALVO, THE CONGRESS SHIP IS SINKING - VADAKAYIL.


I am neither a RSS man, nor their supporter.


My father was in the RSS. He fought for India’s independence. He was a RSS member till it was banned after Naturam Godse killed Mahatma Gandhi in 1948, as Nehru was still in the clutches of Rothschild woman Edwina Mountbatten. 

My father and his shakha colleagues threw their uniforms in a disused well ,  escaped  to the Arabian sea in several large fishing boats to evade arrest. They were at sea for several days without food and water.

Naturam Godse was NOT an RSS man. My father had told me this when I had a “heart to heart” with him while he lay in the ICU after a heart attack.  RSS chief MS Golwalker used to call my father by his first name. 





The Kapur commission has cleared RSS from the stigma of Gandhiji’s murder in 1970.

Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS) is a Hindu organization. It is NOT a militant right wing organization as touted first by the Christian invaders and now by the Indian Muslims and Sonia Gandhi coterie.  

Swayamsevak means “volunteering selfless patriot”. 

Rashtriya means national. Sangh means organization. RSS was founded in 1925, by a patriotic doctor by the name of Keshav Baliram Hedgewar. 

This was a time when the British started hanging the Indian freedom fighters enmasse, for flimsy reasons , using traitor Muslim Indians as connivers and false witnesses. .

Nothing is recorded in history books . 







Hegdevar  wanted Hindus on a common platform and instill among them discipline , creativity and national character,in this endeavour.  Every town and village had a shakha and one hour had to be devoted for Vedic studies, yoga like Surya Namaskar , first aid , search and rescue , educating the down trodden illiterate etc--all in uniform, to instill discipline.   







In 1921, Dr Keshav Baliram Hedgewar was charged with sedition by the British Administration and was imprisoned for a year.  After returning to Nagpur, he was briefly a member of Indian National Congress before he left it in 1925, to form the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh.  Hedgewar and teams of volunteers, took part in the INC, led movements against the British rule. Hedgewar was arrested in the Jungle Satyagraha agitation in 1931 and served a second term in prison.




High castes Brahmins and low caste Bhanghis shared the same water tumblers. 



Mahatma Gandhi said  "When I visited the RSS Camp, I was very much surprised by your discipline and absence of untouchablity." He personally inquired to low caste Swayamsevaks and found that they were living and eating together in the camp without bothering to know their castes.  This was Utopia .



Even a high strung character like BR Ambedkar, who could NOT see outside the Dalit prism, said " This is the first time that I am visiting the camp of Sangh volunters. I am happy to find absolute equality between Savarniyas (Upper cast) and Harijans (Lower cast) without any one being aware of such difference existing. When I asked asked Dr Hedgewar whether there were any untouchables in the camp, he replied that there are neither "touchables" nor "untouchables" but only Hindus.”.

BR Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi knew in their hearts, that their Harijan uplift theory was only on paper, only RSS had the means and power to convert it into practise. Since when has deeds become less important than words?  

BR Ambedkar who was groomed by Winston Churchill to drive a wedge into the heart of Hinduism, and sent to Opium drug funded Columbia University -- will be given an award today by CNN-IBN for being the "greatest Indian" after Mahatma Gandhi. 

BR Ambedkar did NOT want British to leave India.  He did NOT spend a single minute of his life in any freedom struggle.  I dare anybody to prove me wrong.







The mission of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh was the revitalization of the hijacked Sanatana Dharma value system based on universalism ( Vasudaiva Kudumbam ) , equality and peace propounded by the ancient Vedic Maharishis . 

Punch into google search THE UNTOUCHABLES-VADAKAYIL, to know the Hindu caste system. It is very different from what has been painted by the British rulers, and their stooge BR Ambedkar 

It was the British who did "divide and rule" by widening all the sores, real and imaginary.



After India’s independence, we were partitioned . East and West Pakistan was created to be a Islamic buffer on either side of the Himalayas , to prevent the communists from reaching the blue all weather Indian ocean. Islam and Communism are like oil and water- cannot mix. 

When the British found that Muslims did NOT want to leave India, they engineered Hindu -Muslim riots , triggering violence of mindless proportions. Just check out what Altaf Hussian the Pakistani leader says.

Even then there are more Muslims in India than the rest of the world put together , leaving out Indonesia. 

Today just 4 nuclear submarines like the Russian Kursk, in the Indian ocean can control the world. 



Even today RSS is the first to do service when there is a natural calamity and all including police, army and red cross , refuse to go to the spot because of terrible stench and maggots. 

They are always the first to donate blood and do NOT differentiate between religions.



In 1963 Nehru , knowing that he has a incurable disease with limited time -- suffering from pangs of conscience made RSS march in the Republic day parade.  It showed that he was NOT an a$$hole.







During the emergency in 1975, Indira Gandhi banned RSS for pure selfish reasons.  Indira Gandhi knew that RSS, with its large organizational base had the potential of organizing effective protests against the arbitrary Government, who went against the Indian constitution.  

She could NOT be a dictator if RSS was around and so for her own survival jailed all the major RSS leaders and thousands of cadre, most of whom were old ex-freedom fighters. 



The Emergency was lifted in 1977 and as the ban on the RSS too was lifted. But still Rajiv Gandhi and now Sonia Gandhi keep harping that RSS is evil, literally ridiculing the Indian justice system-- just to justify Indira Gandhi's diabolical actions. 

It is all about the "Nehru family whose sh#t does not smell " being right every time,  all the time.

You tell a lie a thousand times it becomes the truth. You tell you have 3 legs a thousand times, after one year you start missing your third leg.







Then RSS became a favourite whipping boy of the Congress, during the Babri Masjid riots and the Gujarat riots. I was in Saudi Arabia when a rabid muslim scholar came on TV and complained about the Hindus killing Muslims during the Godhra riots. At this time, the Saudi prince stopped him and said that it was a knee kerk retaliation for a train burning incident, which went out of control. 

Today the wounds have healed , there has been no riots in Gujarat for the past decade, yet our foriegn funded TV channels keep inviting foreign Islamic nations funded Teetsa Setalvad, (a muslim woman who sports a Hindu bindi ) , to re-open healed wounds. She was censured by the courts for telling imaginary witnesses what to say in court. She had trained false witnesses to talk about how Hindus used a sharp instrument to gouge out the uterus of a pregnant Muslim lady.  Is mere censuring enough?





In the written mission statement of MS Golwalkar--  RSS aims to inculcate in Indians  devotion for Bharat Mata and its national ethos; kindle in them the spirit of dedication and sterling qualities and character; rouse social consciousness, mutual good-will, love and cooperation among them all; to make them realise that casts, creeds and languages are secondary and that service to the nation is the supreme end and to mold their behaviour accordingly; 







--to instil in them a sense of true humility and discipline and train their bodies to be strong and robust so as to shoulder any social responsibility; and thus to create all-round Anushasana in all walks of life and build together all our people into a unified harmonious national whole, extending from Himalayas to Kanyakumari.  

There will be no participation is electioneering politics or  power sharing . Nor ther will be any room in RSS for any hatred or opposition towards any particular caste, creed or party. The RSS movement considers Hindus as inclusive of Sikhs, Jains, Buddhists, tribals, untouchables, Veerashaivism, Arya Samaj, Ramakrishna Mission, etc. as a single community, a view similar to inclusive referencing of the term Hindu in the Indian Constitution. RSS men must lead a simple life away from wordly pleasures. 

Such a lofty mission statement, indeed.






This mission statement was an oath. Most of  the RSS took this oath so seriously that they did NOT get married.  What does the Italian waitress know of the sacrifices made by the Indians.


Later Militant mean minded right wing Hindu organizations like Bajrang Dal, VHP, HJS was mistaken for RSS.  There was NIL place for bigotry in RSS. During the Godhra riots RSS was wrongly accused by foreign funded Islamic NGO stooges like Teetsa Setalvad.


RSS has always advocated the training of Dalits and other backward classes as temple high priests (a position traditionally reserved for high caste and denied to lower castes). They declared  " God will desert the temple in which Dalits cannot enter".

A person no less that the great Indian intellectual Khushwant Singh had declared that RSS helped protecting Sikhs during 1984 Anti Sikh riots triggered off by the immature words of Rajiv Gandhi ( when a great tree falls , it is normal for the earth to shake )  In his book  'A History of the Sikhs',  he, credits members of the RSS with helping and protecting Sikhs who were being targeted by the inner cotiere members of the Congress party. 

How easily Sikhs have forgotten all this.


Today RSS volunteers are discriminated against by the Congress “vote bank politics” government . They have equated RSS to Nazi.  Our “not so bright” yuv-raj Rahul Gandhi was exposed by Wiki leaks when he told the US ambassador Timothy J Roemer in 2010, that RSS is worse than the terrorist Pakistani organization Lashkar E Toiba.   

This is in contrast to Muslim Dr Zakir Hussain the former  President of India, told  Milad Mehfil in Monghyar on November 20, 1949 "The allegations against RSS of violence and hatred against Muslims are wholly false. Muslims should learn the lesson of mutual love, cooperation and organization from RSS. 

The great Gandhian leader and the leader of Sarvoday movement, Jaiprakash Narayan who was a  vocal opponent of RSS changed his mind and said  "RSS is a revolutionary organization. No other organization in the country comes anywhere near it. It alone has the capacity to transform society, end casteism and wipe the tears from the eyes of the poor."

PM Atal Behari Vajpaye of BJP was a RSS man. 

Shyam Prasad Mookerjee , a great patriot and the mentor of Vajpayee, resigned from the Nehru Cabinet in 1951, to float Jan Sangh.  

Mookerjee was firmly against Nehru's invitation to the Pakistani PM, and their joint pact to establish minority commissions and guarantee minority rights in India.  He was killed by the Congress . 

Jan Sangh finally became the BJP of today. BJP is a political party having their own share of corrupt selfish politicians and is NOT RSS. Dr.Shyama Prasad Mookerjee opposed Nehru’s decision to grant Kashmir a  special status with its own flag and Prime Minister. 

According to Congress's decision, no one, including the President of India could enter Kashmir without the permission of Kashmir's Prime Minister. In opposition to this decision, he once said "Ek desh mein do Vidhan, do Pradhan aur Do Nishan nahi chalenge" (A single country can't have two constitutions , two prime Ministers and two national emblems. 

Dr. Mookerjee went to visit Kashmir in 1953, and observed a hunger strike to protest the law that prohibited Indian citizens from settling in a state within their own country and mandated that they carry ID cards.

 


He was arrested on May 11 while crossing border into Kashmir. Vajpayee was the last man to talk to him before he was arrested . As he was led away in handcuffs he turned back looked into Vajpayee’s eyes and shouted that he must continue the struggle.  

Although the ID card rule was revoked owing to his efforts.  He was administered penicillin despite repeatedly telling the doctor-in-charge that he is  allergic to penicillin, and he died on June 23, 1953.  Mookerjee was an undiluted patriot and martyr. 

Vajpayee told in 2004 that the death of Mookherjee was a Jawaharlal Nehru / Sheikh Abdullah ( Nehru’s half brother ) conspiracy"

How many of you know about the existence of such a great man today?  Today we know Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi , Kapil Sibal, Ambika Soni, Anand Sharma, Digvijay Singh  etc.  

We don’t even care how Lal Bahadur Shastri died in Russia.  I know, for one of my Russian officers whose father worked in KGB told me.

 

I must state that the RSS of today has been infiltrated by Hindu bigots, who are selfish and have NIL patriotism.  

I had a neighbor, a  BJP politician who was also an RSS member,  a “son of a bitch” of the first order.  He only cared for himself.  My father had once told me “ This selfish bigot is NOT RSS material.  RSS men are kind noble and patriotic, who are ruled by the laws of Dharma ”.

RSS is NOT the same organization founded by the great patriots Hedgewar, Golwalkar – the RSS members have now succumbed to worldy pleasures.

But in general RSS is definitely NOT a desh drohi organization Laskar E Toiba , as claimed by our Yuv-raj, son of the Vatican sponsored Queen Bee, who hates Hinduism.

RSS was formed to oppose the invaders who made us slaves. They were also opposed to Islamic separatists prior independence , who were more worried about the Turkey Khalifa than their own mother land.

If RSS was banned by the British invader, does it ring a bell? Were they freedom fighters or terrorists?  

Are we stupid?


A RSS man is bound by the laws of Sanatana Dharma . Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence. 

It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope who can canonise a human into a saint, by giving bullshit, to the unsuspecting masses. It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of  Dharma. 

It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or hierarchy.

An RSS man cannot be a Hindu heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic.  

India is the only place on this planet where Jews , who have sought refuge since the times of Roman emperors, have never been persecuted . There has never been an episode of anti Seminitism in India.  Jews have been getting royally screwed all over the world, by all the people, all the time, for their inherent greed and selfishness. 

Openness is the essence of Hinduism. Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents.  Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world--it is a mindset . Marriage is NOT based on lust, but by sacred commitment of 7 pheras  around a holy fire. 

A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.

There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths--this being the reason why a few thousand Muslim and Christian invaders have ruled the destinies of millions of Hindus for 800 years. The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. 

The Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths. 

Hinduism is NOT a religion. It is a way of life. This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.This is why India has never attacked any other country in the past history, but has been invaded again and again and again. 

If every RSS man had picked up a stone like the Palestinians , we could have driven away the invaders long back or killed them like mad jackals on the school street, in one day, ages ago.It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. 

Hinduism has never claimed to be the only true religion, unlike Islam and Christianity --the religion of the invaders. 

Hinduism has never converted , by guile ( Christian missionaries ) or force ( Muslim ) -- nor has a army of missionaries , ramming it down unwilling throats. 

An RSS man as a Hindu is bound by Dharma to meet people of other faiths, and converse with them, without being burdened by the conviction , that his religion is the best, and that only he has embarked on the right path, that every one else has missed. 

Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason. It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology. 


Koenraad Elst in his blog says,  that a journalist Dina Nath Mishra, explained to him "The RSS is a big dinosaur with a small brain."  

And he was constrained to agree with him. Their mutual conclusion was: the thing to do is to "infuse some brain into the dinosaur".

Says Capt Ajit Vadakayil--   “ Oh yeah? ”  “ Ever 

heard of wisdom?”

Very few people know that 5 friends who started the RSS were Dr. B. S. Moonje, Dr. L. V. Paranjpe, Dr. Tholkar, Babarao Savarkar and Dr. Hedgewar.  

I will write a separate post about one of the 5, this unsung Indian, Babarao Ganesh Savarkar, the elder brother of Veer Savarkar. 

Babarao Savarkar was unsung because he criticised Mahatma Gandhi for playing the Muslim card and leading the Khilafat movement , along with the Ali brothers ( who was more concerned about Turkey than India ) 

NO ESSAY ON RSS WILL BE COMPLETE WITHOUT THE NAME OF BABARAO GANESH SAVARKAR WHOM THE BRITISH INCARCERATED AT CELLULAR JAIL IN ANDAMANS .

The British incarcerated Babarao from June 1909 to Sept 1922 .

BABARAO GANESH SAVARKAR WAS ONE OF THE GREATEST SONS AND PATRIOTS OF MOTHER INDIA.

HE PERSONALLY DESIGNED THE RSS FLAG AND WROTE THE RSS PLEDGE.   BABARAO WAS THE FIRST RSS CHIEF HEGDEWAR'S  MENTOR. 

When Hegdewar died Babarao personally chose Golwalkar as the successor.  Golwalkar was at his bedside on March 16th 1945, when he died.  

It was he who took his last words of vision for a free India .

Well what do we know? 

We worship people like BR Ambedkar who did NOT spend a minute in any freedom movement, the blue eyed boy of the Christian white invader.


800 years ago, Pakistan/ Bangladesh/ Afghanistan was part of India, and had only Hindus. After Independence in 1947,  there has been ethnic cleansing and these countries are now nearly devoid of Hindus. Whoever is still there live in fear.  Sonia Gandhi finds fault with Hindus in India, where the Muslim population actually increased from 9.5% to 15.4 %.  Around 5 lakh Kashmiri pandits were ethnically cleansed from the Valley not so long ago.  They are still languishing in dire condition in Jammu, Delhi relief camps.  Sonia Gandhi does NOT care for them.


Now, some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani--

The cry JAI HIND was NOT coined by Netaji Bose.  It was made by Dr Champakaraman Pillai ,  who formed the Berlin Committee in Germany to assist freedom fighters before the 1st World war . He  had direct dealings with Hitler. He died on May 28th, 1934 under suspicious circumstances , because he asked for a written apology from Hitler with a deadline, for derogatory reference to Indians in his book Mein Kamph.. His ashes were scattered in Karamana River in Thiruvananthapuram.  His ashes could not be brought in before, due to objections from Gandhiji and Nehru . The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought the great patriot Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.   He had come to Madras on German battleship, SS Emden and angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara.  


Rash Behari Bose was in Japan taking shelter with Mitsuru Toyama, head of the dreaded Yakuza.

Bagha Jatin the great patriot was in charge in India —the Bengal Tiger of India.

Pandit Shyamaji Krishnavarma, formed  Indian Home Rule Society, India House in London . His ashes too were rejected by Gandhi and Nehru.  Finally Bollywood actor Vinod Khanna , Narendra Modi , and others etc pulled levers, and this great patriot's ashes was officially handed over to the Chief Minister of Gujarat State on August 22, 2003,  by the Ville de Genève and the Swiss government, 55 years after Indian Independence.

Well what do we know?-- the young generation knows Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi, Robert Vadra, Diggi Vijay , Ambika Soni , Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal etc , right?


Punch into Google search GANESH SAVARKAR, UNSUNG HERO OF INDIA- VADAKAYIL


On 20th and 21st Feb 1949, it was the RSS cadre who brought Bombay to a standstill by erecting barricades all over the city , in support of the Indian Navy Mutiny. This prevented the British white army men and police from making a show of strength. Where ever they got down from their jeeps to remove barricades, women threw dirty water on them from balconies.
********************************************************************
65TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE, PRESIDENT’S ADDRESS TO NATION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



65TH ANNIVERSARY OF INDIAN INDEPENDENCE, PRESIDENT’S ADDRESS TO NATION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



First of all I must thank you Pranab Da, for NOT including "unaccountable" Sonia Gandhi’s vision for India, in your address to the nation on our 65th year of Independence. 

We Indians are indeed grateful for this tender mercy.

We got freedom from foreign domination in 1947,  but of late we have a despotic government micro managed by a pure Italian woman surrounded by a coterie , who are more loyal to the Queen Bee that to their motherland. 

The common man of India is now despairing, President-Saab.



Since you know the nuts and bolts of governance, we Indians hope you will play your role as a President in moulding the future of India. 

All thought that the chair of CEC was toothless , till a certain Mr.Seshan sat on it.   Did we not see the crooked politicians scampering for cover like rats.

Same way, your President’s chair is very powerful. You are NOT a rubber stamp, unless you wish to become one.



Your predecessor Puran Poli – nay- Pratibha Patil has been voted by Indians as the “Worst president ever of India” .  She sullied the high chair of the President.  I do have reports how she was ignored by the parliaments of the countries she visited -nay-imposed herself on.  These are the same parliamentarians who would have given President Abdul Kalam a rapturous welcome. Class and pedigree matters.

Indian democracy , elections and the right to vote have lost its meaning in India.  We are given rotten apples to choose from.  These rotten apples win the elections by muscle  power and money power.  The UPA govt of which you were a part, is now  planning on giving free mobile phones to the people . What is all this? 

Even as a rubber stamp President will you allow this, nonsense ? Where else in the world can such a thing happen? This is institutionalised bribing, right?



For all we know, this phone deal will be struck with a foreign force, and the kickbacks siphoned off to a Swiss bank. This is our money, the people’s money. Who has authorized the Italian waitress to spend our money on such sops?

A honest man like our PM who is remote controlled by the Queen Bee, has complained that his hands are tied, due to the compulsions of coalition politics. There is a ring of truth in this.   Every state have formed their own regional parties . For example in Tamil Nadu it will be either DMK or AIDMK, a vicious cycle.  

To form the majority government , horse trading is done , even for plum ministries.  We all know how Tamil Nadu man Karunanidhi wrangled the IT ministry for A Raja.  You do know how a goon like Gopal Goyal Kanda became Home Minister of the UPA govt in Haryana, even though he was a first time Independent. 




I have just listened to your 65th Presidential Aug 15th address on National TV.  

Yes, you were so patronizing—Beti drink milk, tabiyat keliye doodh accha hai— Beta , study well , imtihaan mein avval number aana,   tel dalo mundi par, hair keliye oil accha hai,  type speech meant for kindergarten children.  

We Indians are more mature now.  We need answers.   

A hungry man knows no law.  Laws are for people whose stomachs are full.

A hungry man is NOT willing to get patronized.  Our problems need to be addressed.  65 years after Independence our mothers and daughters are still defecating in the open, yet we gave 10 billion USD largesse for Italy zone. 



Democracy is for the people, by the people and for the people.  We refuse to have it in any other avatar.

We will NOT permit a Italian foreigner to drive India into the ground using her coterie, who are more loyal to her, than their motherland.  

You were in her UPA govt when she went on a media blitzkrieg “ IT DOES NOT MATTER WHERE THEY CAME FROM—“

PranabDa you do NOT have the harness of the queen bee on your shoulders  any more.  You now sit on the highest chair.  You know the warp and weft of Indian governance.  Cant you save this ancient nation? 

We are now a near banana republic, and drifting surely on to the rock of slavery.  Walmart is knocking on our doors, the same way United fruit company went to South America.

Can we get better candidates to choose for our Indian Parliament  than Jagan Mohan,  Gopal Goyal Kanda prototypes? Can we have a CBI who cannot be used by the ruling government for political vendetta? 



We refuse to choose the best among rotten eggs. . We want to choose from good eggs.

Today we cannot take a corrupt politician to court. The only thing sure will be the expense, and the knowledge that even your grandchildren will have to pay for your folly in taking on a monster.  Deed not Geetika of Gopal Goyal Kanda fame, find it out  the hard way?

Why was Sonia Gandhi and her cotiere so paranoid, when Gen VK Singh moved few troops around Delhi. Was it a guilty conscience which gave her the jitters?  



What has driven the disciplined General to join Anna Hazare’s and Baba Ramdev’s movement, breaking timeless army traditions?  Can you not feel that something is amiss.  When your own son goes to the local police station instead of telling his personal problem to you or your wife, is this normal?





Madame Sonia Gandhi is the guardian angel of most foreign Christian proselytisers in India.  If these Trojan horse NGOs are funded by the Christian West to promote democracy in India, then why dont they create a few similar good samaritan NGOs in Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Bahrain?   It is better we follow Putin’s example of passing a new law forcing all foreign funded  NGOs to register as “foreign agents!


This post boils down to this.

We Indians would like you to find a solution to the evil of coalition politics. Our honest PM Manmohan himself has told the nation about the compulsions of coalition politics. Our country will go to the dogs if there in no consensus, just for the sake of one-up-manship. 

We must introduce a system where a regional party like DMK / AIDMK cannot come into the national stage, unless they can get sufficient number of seats from at least one more state speaking another language. 

The best is to have a two party system like in USA. The involvement of every major political party in hammering out a solution will be the best in a win-win manner.

I will keep this post short.



PranabDa , can you also ensure :-
1)      Inner democracy within the ruling party. There must be NO lawyers as Ministers as they are professional LIARS.
2)      Weeding out of foreign funded Trojan horses in the garb of "good samaritan" NGOs, who are responsible for anti-national activities like Naxalism,  kidney sales to the West, bearing false witness to divide Indians etc.
3)      Some method of disciplining MPs who disrupt parliament by shouting every day—the key word is "every day".  An MP cannot function if he is curbed.
4)      Introduction of a iron clad LokPal, with an autonomous CBI.  Dynasty politics must be addressed.
5)      Prevent our TV and media getting hijacked by foreign forces.
6) Transparency in donations -nay-" lobbying bribes" to political parties and politicians from foreign conglomerates and Indian Industrialists  . Say from Vedanta/ Walmart or Tata/ Bharti.
7) Reward for Income tax whistle blowers
8) Free education, medical care, toilets for the needy.
9)   Zero tolerance for sedition. This includes long jail term for Congress politicians and foreign funded NGOs encouraging Bangladesi Muslim infiltrators into India, to build up a vote bank.
10) Re-write the constitution, to be in consonance with these modern times.
11)Party WHIP voting must be banned, to prevent "lobbyists" bribing the top bosses. All votes should be secret-- NOT raise your hand and say AYE in a stupid manner -- this is no way for a democracy to function.





      My character and conduct at sea, as a patriotic Indian was inspired by the words of Jawaharlal Nehru. This was a big placard on my first SCI ship, in the officer's lounge of MT. Barauni.  Learning this by heart was a hazing process of the senior cadets. This was the last "rule of the road". Today I feel this hazing was good for me. 

    QUOTE -" Where ever in this wide world goes an Indian, there also goes a bit of India with him and he may not forget this or ignore it.  He has in his power to some extend to bring credit or discredit to his country, honour of dishonour.  Let him keep this in mind, and let him bear himself with dignity in good fortune and ill fortune alike"- UNQUOTE

    People who know Capt Vadakayil will tell you that this message was never lost on him. 


      
      CM of Bengal , Mamata Bannerjee expressed anguish that judgement can be bought in India. She does NOT have too many social graces and finesse, but is a champion of the downtrodden-- a rare breed..  This was no allegation -just sheer anguish.  I expect her political opponents and judiciary, to try and crucify her tomorrow. 
     
      If you tell the truth against a crooked Jew you will be called anti-semitic and ADL ( anti-defamation league ) will pin you down,  by law and throw you into jail --for speaking the truth. AIPAC in USA will arrange for a IRS raid and make a pauper out of you. 

      India is going the same way-- the down trodden or their champions cannot tell the truth any more.

      President Putin has clamped down on anti-national activities by Western Trojan horses deep inside Russia. Under the new Russian law, any material foreign funded NGO groups distributed would have to come with a warning that it was written by a foreign agent, and organizations would have to file detailed quarterly financial reports. 

      Failure to comply would bring fines of up to 5,000 rubles ($155 USD) for members, 50,000 rubles ($1,550 USD ) for the heads of these organizations and up to 1 million rubles ($31,100 USD) for the organizations themselves. Anyone who continued to participate in organizations that violated the rules could be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,400 USD ) or sent to prison for two years. 

      Most foreign funded NGOs in Russia have said they will comply with the law if it is passed, although they worry that such intensive bookkeeping will slow them down.


      If I had my way, I would ban every lawyer from becoming a Minister. Most of the criminals have good qualities like “namak halal “ ( gratitude ) and being “wajan ka pakka” ( honour a promise ).  How many of you feel that lawyers are NOT ungrateful,  pathological liars? 



Watch the video below , with head phones-- Check out if you are a patriot.  If your eyes got moist , you indeed are. Gandhiji's and Nehru's eyes would have got moist- Italian eyes will not. If you are a patriot , pass this post on!







      PRANAB MUKHERJEE , MR. PRESIDENT-- ARE YOU THE NUMBER ONE CITIZEN OF INDIA? 

OR , 

ARE YOU STILL WORKING UNDER A ITALIAN QUEEN BEE?  WHEREIN INDIAN DEMOCRACY MEANS "FOR THE FOREIGNER, BY THE FOREIGNER , OF THE FOREIGNER?"


Can you stop ORGAN HARVESTING by Christian missionary NGOs in India-- by paying bribes .


PROVE IT!
********************************************************************
FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE AND KIDNEY FAILURES -CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



FORMALIN AS FISH PRESERVATIVE , BRAIN SEIZURES , KIDNEY FAILURES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




A couple of days ago, I took my wife to a dentist , somewhere in Karnataka state.  

As soon as I entered the posh clinic, my eyes smarted, due to airborne formaldehyde.  And then I started sniffing, and identified a few chemicals by odour like Cresol, Formalin,  Hydrogen Peroxide etc.

You may NOT believe this, we chemical men use at least two of our senses to locate unwanted chemicals.  I do NOT allow my officers to wear eye goggles while loading chemicals in still air conditions. For eyes are the early detectors of coming shadows.  The moment eyes start watering, it is time to terminate loading, till the wind picks up.

So when the dentist's job was over I spoke to him.  I said " After I leave your clinic , I would like you to punch into Google search FORMALDEHYDE VADAKAIL , and check out what I have to say about the grave dangers of Formalin. 

This post is an extract of actual emails, where in I had the Port Health Ministry of Brazil on the mat for using formaldehyde for fumigating my ship, with crew on board.  The correspondence was copied to WHO, via my London Insurers .

Then I asked the dentist to read about free radical damage to human cells ,caused by Hydrogen Peroxide.

Punch into google search -
BLUE AVATAR-VADAKAYIL
and
TULSI-VADAKAYIL.

I just gave him a brief explanation, as I was had to leave immediately.

Dentists in USA have damaged the cerebral capacity of millions by putting Flouride in muncipal tap water. Really the decision makers in USA should have been jailed. You can read my take on this by punching into Google search PINEAL GLAND , THIRD EYE- VADAKAYIL.

Then later in the after myself and my wife went to the local market , again somewhere in Karnataka , to buy fish. 

In Calicut the fish is delivered at my door step . The fish is taken in by the fisherman at the beach and brought to my home, while it is almost alive. It is such a pleasure to eat fresh sea food. You should see how high a live prawn/ shrimp jumps.



So in the market what I noticed was that there were NO flies sitting on the fish, while they sat elsewhere.  The eyes of the fish were clear and the fish looked squeaky clean, without the usual fishy odour.

So I told my wife " We will just buy a little as I suspect the the fish is doused in Formalin, to increase its shelf life in summer. And in any case there is ban on trawling and motorised fishing on the whole of the SW coast of India, in that particular month..

So later at night while I ate the fish , I could smell and taste the Formalin. The after taste of Formalin remained in my mouth for about two hours. And I could feel the insides of my mouth were slightly inflamed. 

So i told my wife " If it is actually Formalin, my throat too will be inflamed tomorrow. And sure enough, next morning I could feel it--as if I had ulcers .


Formaldehyde undergoes rapid chemical changes immediately after absorption. Therefore, its effect show up fast at the upper respiratory tract. Formaldehyde affects the lymphatic systems. Hence exposure to formaldehyde myeloid leukemia.

I am a Chemical expert and I know what I say, unlike all our immature journalists running around, playing to the gallery,  talking big.   On ships we use Mass spectrometers and Gas ion chromatographs to do Wall wash tests and first foot tests.

So what are the dangers of dousing fish in Formalin.

Formalin is used to preserve cadavers ( dead human bodies ) in the morgue. It is highly toxic as well as carcinogenic ( cancer causing ).
  
Formalin is the aqueous solution of Formaldehyde.  A 100% formalin solution consists of a saturated solution of formaldehyde (this is about 40% by volume or 37% by mass) in water, with a small amount of stabiliser, usually methanol to limit oxidation and polymerisation.

Formalin causes grave  disorders in the gastrointestinal tract, liver, kidney, lung, heart, and the central nervous system. Lot of people have died of cancer.

In Kerala if you visit the nephrology departments, in big hospitals , there are NO vacant beds. Too may people suffer from kidney failures.  Doctors dont know and they dont care.  After all  mucho moolah can be raked in.

Ingestion of formalin leads to peritonitis because of gastric wall inflammation..  Formalin is irritating, corrosive and toxic and absorbed from all surfaces of the body.  No specific antidote is available so far to treat formalin poisoning.

 A small glass of Formalin diluted in a bucketful of water, can preserve  250 kilos of fish for 4 days without decomposing. Ice first of all takes to much space and is cost intensive.



Once Formalin is doused in fish, it cannot be removed by soaking in water, cooking and frying. Ingested Formalin even in small quantities is harmful, because once it contacts the body cells, it kills the cells.

Formaldehyde is in gas form. In the liquid form it is Formalin. The eyes are most sensitive to formaldehyde exposure: The lowest level at which many people can begin to smell formaldehyde is about 0.05 ppm and the highest level is 1 ppm. Eye eye irritation starts at about 0.5 ppm.

In September 2007, the European Union banned the use of carcinogenic or cancer causing Formaldehyde  as a biocide (including embalming) under the Biocidal Products Directive (98/8/EC).[24][25].   

On 10 June 2011, the US National Toxicology Program formally described formaldehyde to be a known carcinogen.

Evil people who do this must be jailed for at least 10 years, in addition to heavy fines. Their names must be exposed -- name and shame, as adulterators in local newspapers. 

Formalin must NOT be available off the counter. The government must ensure this.  Anybody who buys Formalin, must leave his address, show his ID and write down for what purpose.



Formalin detection kits ( digital sensors ) are available for import in USA and Europe. Of course an untrained person cannot use it.  

India requires to train atleast 50000 people, if we care about the people. 



Doctors don't care.    Dialysis costs for renal failure and cancer treatments can sustain huge salaries. 

By the way dialysis is an imperfect treatment to replace kidney function. It does not correct any endocrine functions of the kidney.  Dialysis is primarily used to provide an artificial replacement for lost kidney function due to renal failure. 




Expensive and recurring dialysis treatments merely replace some of these functions through diffusion (waste removal) and ultrafiltration (fluid removal). 

There are evil foreign funded NGOs , who are involved in kidney sales.  All are happy except the poor patient.

I WILL POST ON OZONE , FOR PROLONGING THE LIFE OF FISH , IN A SAFE AND HEALTHY MANNER -SOON.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, MY ACHY BREAKY HEART- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TEXAS CHAINSAW MASSACRE, MY ACHY BREAKY HEART - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The above video is a song " My achy breaky heart" by Billy Ray Cyrus. It made him famous.

As Cyrus' debut single and signature song, it was his most successful song. 

It became the first single ever to achieve triple Platinum status in Australia.The song was number 4 on the Billboard Hot 100 and was number 3 on the UK Singles Chart. Thanks to the video of this hit, there was the explosion of the line dance into the mainstream, becoming a craze. 

A line dance is a choreographed dance with a repeated sequence of steps in which a group of people dance in one or more lines or rows without regard for the gender of the individuals, all facing the same direction, and executing the steps at the same time. Line dancers are not in physical contact with each other. 

I have seen spontaneous line dances in Sydney and Melbourne-NOT premeditated like our Kolaveri Di . 

It is east to find out when the genders even out.

Not many people know that the inspiration for this song was the Texas chainsaw massacre. This TRUE incident has been made into several Hollywood movies.

A remake will come again in 2013. I consider it SICK, when you remake movies of this nature. This is how a society moves to decadence.

Two police officers were killed when Leather face suddenly got them during the investigation.  And that too on video camera.  Well this is USA.

Hard to believe right?

See TRUE video below-- it is gruesome!





Sally Hardesty  and her brother, Franklin , travel with three friends, Jerry , Kirk , and Pam , to visit the grave of the Hardestys' grandfather to investigate reports of vandalism and grave robbing. Afterwards, they decide to visit an old Hardesty family homestead. 

Along the way they pick up a hitchhiker  who slashes both himself and Franklin with a straight razor before the group forces him out of the van. They stop at a gas station to refuel, but the proprietor tells them that the pumps are empty. They continue towards the homestead, intending to return to the gas station once the fuel has been delivered.

When they arrive, Franklin tells Kirk and Pam about a local swimming hole and the couple head off to find it. Instead they stumble upon a nearby house. Kirk calls out, asking for gas, while Pam waits on the front steps. After Kirk receives no answer, he discovers that the door is unlocked and enters the house, where Leatherface  appears and kills him. 

Pam enters soon after and finds the house filled with furniture made from human bones. She attempts to flee, but Leatherface catches her and impales her on a meathook. Jerry heads out to look for Pam and Kirk at sunset. He finds the couple's blanket outside the nearby house. He investigates and finds Pam, who is still alive, inside a freezer. Before he can react, Leatherface kills him and stuffs Pam back into the freezer.

With darkness falling, Sally and Franklin set out to find their friends. As they near the neighboring house and call out, Leatherface lunges from the darkness and kills Franklin with a chainsaw. Sally heads toward the house and finds the desiccated remains of an elderly couple in an upstairs room. She escapes from Leatherface by jumping through a second-floor window and flees to the gas station. 



Leatherface disappears into the night. The proprietor calms her with offers of help, but then ties her up and forces her into his truck. He drives to the house, arriving at the same time as the hitchhiker, who turns out to be Leatherface's younger brother. When the pair bring Sally inside, the hitchhiker recognizes her and taunts her.

The men torment the bound and gagged Sally while Leatherface, now dressed as a woman, serves dinner. Leatherface and the hitchhiker bring an old man, "Grandpa" , from upstairs to share the meal. During the night they decide Sally should be killed by "Grandpa". He tries to hit her with a hammer, but is too weak. In the ensuing confusion, she breaks free, leaps through a window, and escapes to the road. 

Leatherface and the hitchhiker give chase, but the latter is run down and killed by a passing semi-trailer truck. Armed with his chainsaw, Leatherface attacks the truck when the driver stops to help. The driver hits him in the face with a large wrench. Sally escapes in the back of a passing pickup truck as Leatherface waves the chainsaw above his head in frustration.




LYRICS:
You can tell the world you never was my girl
You can burn my clothes when I'm gone
Or you can tell your friends just what a fool I've been
And laugh and joke about me on the phone

You can tell my arms go back to the farm
You can tell my feet to hit the floor
Or you can tell my lips to tell my fingertips
They won't be reaching out for you no more

But don't tell my heart my achy breaky heart
I just don't think he'd understand
And if you tell my heart my achy breaky heart
He might blow up and kill this man

[guitar]

You can tell your ma I moved to Arkansas
You can tell your dog to bite my leg
Or tell your brother Cliff whose fist can can tell my lip
He never really liked me anyway

Or tell your Aunt Louise tell anything you please
Myself already knows I'm not okay
Or you can tell my eyes to watch out for my mind
It might be walking out on me today

Don't tell my heart my achy breaky heart...

[guitar]

Don't tell my heart my achy breaky heart...
Don't tell my heart my achy breaky heart...





NRA will be happy with this movie- 

LOOK MA, NO GUNS!
********************************************************************
COCONUT OIL IS GOOD FOR COOKING , IGNORE THE VESTED PROPAGANDA --- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


COCONUT OIL IS BEST FOR HEALTH,  IGNORE THE VESTED PROPAGANDA ,  ALZHIEMERS CURE -   CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

My next post is about Agnihora and ghee. 

Ghee is high in saturated fats like coconut oil. So I need to get things in perspective.  Lobbyists rule the market. Both ghee and coconut oil are good for health.



We used home made virgin fresh coconut oil for cooking at home, till a few years ago.

In Kerala almost all houses produce their own coconuts. We do NOT need to buy coconuts.

My mother used to make our own oil. This means aged mature coconuts are split and dried in the sun. The meat called copra is prised out and the cook takes it to the crusher mill within 10 minutes walk from my house. There fresh coconut oil is crushed out , filtered and returned back to us .

Any cooking done with this oil is so healthy and yummy. The moment the oil gets oxidised ( due to oxygen and moisture ) a peculiar odour emanates, and we do NOT use the oil for cooking any more.

Since the past 30 years there has been huge propaganda by the Palm oil, Sunflower oil, Soya bean oil lobby, wherein they bribed scientists to declare coconut oil as bad for health . Since then the Coconut growers of Kerala has suffered.

Ministers were bribed by the Palm oil lobby. They made millions in way of bribes. Doctors and cardiologists also agreed with them, stating that Coconut oil has very high saturated fat content ( 92%) and hence it is bad --LDL cholesterol BLAH BLAH.

Now let me digress.

A few days ago i went with my wife to the supermarket. A lady had bought Canola cooking oil paying a fortune, produced in Canada.

I asked her " Why do you prefer Canola oil ?"

As expected she rattled out whatever Wikipedia says. It has only 6% saturated fat , the lowest among all vegetable oils -- BLAH BLAH.



So I told her " If you do NOT want to die early, I suggest you keep it back, for this can contains oil extracted from Monsanto GM seeds.  And in high heat of Indian cooking of >250 deg Centigrade this oil like the rest of the fancy oils like Olive , Corn, Safflower, Sunflower etc , gets unstable with free radicals abuzz from pulverised molecules and become carcinogeic.  I am an expert on vegetable oils !"



She broke the line and dumped the can back on the shelf.  She came back with a can of "Virgin" coconut oil -- an organic and unrefined, undeodorized, unhardened coconut oil, with high levels of natural anti-oxidants , NIL trans fats and with a valid expiry date,



To my readers who feel that I gave her bull-- punch into google search VEGETABLE OILS - VADAKAYIL. Just one of my posts.  I do have the experience and knowledge and am in a position to teach this planet.


Indian cooking involved high heat cooking. We due NOT stir fry like Western cuisine.



Yes , if you do low heat cooking , the Canola oil may appear healthy across the board.

By the way Canola seeds was originally called Rape seed . The womens' lib of Canada protested and so Rape seed became Canola.


So on the surface cooking with canola oil, rather than coconut oil, can help prevent cardiovascular disease and prevent high levels of low-density lipoproteins, or the bad cholesterol, ( according to unilateral information given out by Canola info.org.).  

Propaganda:  Canola oil's high concentrations of vitamin E, vitamin K and Omega-3 fatty acids may promote a generally healthy body and “may” even prevent cancer. While some people may prefer the flavor of tropical oils such as coconut over canola oil, the health risks outweigh the improved flavor—BLAH BLAH .



One cup of canola oil contains 1,927 calories while one cup of coconut oil contains 1,879 calories.  Coconut oil can be used to deep fry because it is a stable oil that can withstand high temperature cooking.

Coconut oil and ghee  are a source of  short-chain fatty acids  which are easier to digest than long-chain acids. Short-chain fatty acids actually help to strengthen and develop cell membranes while long-chain acids increase risks of blood clots and cancer.  



Our bodies metabolize medium-chain and short-chain fats differently than long-chain ones, and medium- and short-chain ones are not associated with cardiovascular problems in the same way as the long-chain ones are.




Consuming Quantum virgin coconut oil, whether cooked or not, helps protect you from cancer, heart disease, and many degenerative and autoimmune diseases. It also strengthens your immune system, helps you lose weight if you need to, and improves digestion.

Now, check out the picture below. Probably it has been made in Phillipines , who produce plenty of coconuts.  Somebody with limited understanding has made this.





Medium-chain triglycerides, MCTs are quickly metabolized by the liver (unlike longer chain fats, which undergo a more prolonged course through the body) so they are less likely to be stored as body fat.  

In addition, it is low in omega-6 fatty acids (less than 2%), which reduces the formation of arachidonic acid, a pro-inflammatory compound, it sort of which does a balancing act with saturated fats.  

Metabolizing MCTs creates ketones, known to stall or even reverse Alzheimer's.  In Kerala we have very few cases of Alzhiemers when you compare with the rest of India and the world.  

Coconut also contains caprylic acid, an effective and potent anti fungal and antimicrobial.  We have the Ayuvedic "Elaneer Kuzhambu" as a universal panacea.  Elaneer means young coconut. Kuzhambu means medicinal herb added oil.

One cause of obesity is overconsumption of long-chain fatty acids (usual western vegetable oils), medium-chain fatty acids.  MCTs reverse obesity, resulting in steady weight loss for obese individuals, and weight maintenance for healthy people.

Of course anything in excess is bad, if you do NOT burn it out with physical exercise--and live to eat like a pig. 

A pig is useful only when dead..

In Kerala state of India , where we use coconut oil , we have the least heart problems, compared to the rest of India.



People in Kerala started getting heart attacks only after they shifted from Coconut oils to our BRANDED HEART FRIENDLY oils.  Imagine deep frying our Kerala banana chips in any of these fancy oils. Every chip will be abound with cancer causing free radicals.

Do NOT buy hydrogenated coconut oil.  Oil is hydrogenated  to increase its melting point from 24 deg C to about 38 deg C.

All health studies on coconut oils have been done on hydrogenated oils DELIBERATELY , so that the West can have a trade advantage with their own Canola, Sunflower and Olive oils.

Virgin coconut oil, which has not been chemically treated, is a VERY good for health, as it contains  medium-chain triglycerides.

India imported record 11,57,130 tonnes edible oil in January 2013, 75% higher than the imports in January 2012.  

Who is behind this?  

Most of the foreign oils like canola, Sunflower and Soyabean are from GM seeds, which gives us health problems.

India is the biggest importer of edible oil on this planet . The only reason is kickbacks for politicians and political parties. This black money MUST be halted and the corrupt guilty punished. Indians must start using "virgin" coconut oil for cooking.  




It is good for the heart and for general health.  Patients in Alzheimer in USA drink table spoons of coconut oil daily, neat, as a health tonic 


The Caprylic Acid inherent in coconut oil destroys Candida yeast . This acid  basically "pokes holes" in the Candida yeast cell wall, causing it to die.  




In India Hindus essentially offer coconut to the gods in temples and pujas , due to its inherent divine goodness.  


Virgin Coconut oil helps prevent modern diseases like Crohns disease,  fatty liver disease , kidney diseases , Parkinsons , high BP and cholesterol , Alzheimer’s , obesity, fungi , viral diseases , diabetes , breast cancers , PMS syndrome etc.
********************************************************************
AGNIHOTRA, GHEE, COW DUNG FUEL- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

AGNIHOTRA HOMAM,  QUANTUM OIL CLARIFIED BUTTER ,  DRIED COW DUNG CAKES-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The British are very proud of their Stonehenge.




Little do they know that this structure was built and used by Indian Dryuhu priests to do AGNIHOTRA, on a massive scale.



Same way the Russians are even prouder, of their Stonehenge at Arkaim. This Stonehenge is much bigger, grander and older than the British Stonehenge.


I do know the average Western reader will start smirking , the moment I talk about cow shit, right?


I really do NOT see the need to educate these "not so bright" souls. But then there are others who do believe, in Vedic homams. The wheel has started turning full circle. Christians and Muslims , whose ancestors 2 millenniums ago were "pagan" Hindus,  have started coming back to the folds of the mother of all religions Sanatana Dharma.


There is a stone henge in Alaska , which was again built by the Indians ( I do NOT mean red-tribal Indians ). Punch into Google search FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA- VADAKAYIL.  Once you read that get back. 


By now you are gonna be shocked off your pants.


By the way the ratio 1:1.618 is a golden ratio which is found all over the cosmos. Stick out your forefinger. The ratio from the first two bones is 1:1.618. Now the ratio between the 2nd middle bone and the third bone terminating at the knuckle is also 1:1.618.  The ration from your navel to top of your head and bottom of your feet is also 1:1.618. 

This is called the Fibonacci ratio by the West. While in India we call it the Sri Yantra ratio. The Egyptian pyramids were built by the Indians. Punch into Google search SECRETS OF THE EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS REVEALED- VADAKAYIL.


Now let me get back to Agnihora.



In India we respect cows. We do NOT eat beef or harm a cow. The cow is devoid of  guile . If any animal sits on the middle of a road, and a speeding truck approaches, all of them will run away--while the cow will continue to sit there. She expects no harm and she will not harm anybody.


Bhishma of Mahabharata observed that the cow acts as a surrogate mother by providing milk to human beings for the whole life. No animal drinks the milk of any other animal.


Fresh cows urine is added as a catalyst in some Ayurvedic preparations, and these concoctions can heal most UNCURABLE terrible diseases. 

THE COW MUST BE INDIAN BREED WITH A HUMP.


Same way, cow's crap or dung, has its own uses. The cow has 4 stomachs and the dung is special.  Just in case some ill-informed morons want to laugh right now-- I suggest you read what Nitric oxide does . Both cow dung and ghee are agencies which release Nitric oxide.
Copper is involved in the production of Nitric Oxide.


For example, in the laboratory, Nitric oxide is conveniently generated by reduction of dilute Nitric acid with Copper:

8 HNO3 + 3 Cu → 3 Cu(NO3)2 + 4 H2O + 2 NO



Modern science has NOT yet found out the partnership between Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Sulphide, which was known to Indian 7000 years ago.   Like H2S , Nitric Oxide is a bio signaler.  

Hydrogen sulfide (H2S),  from cow dung has its own certain functions similar to those of nitric oxide (NO), is actually a partner with NO in growing new blood vessels .  

People with diabetes usually have lower levels of Nitric oxide than patients without diabetes.  

Both H2S and NO relaxes blood vessels-- and the miracle part is that they share the job, in a QUID PRO QUO manner, and a Tamas-Rajas (Yin-Yang..) manner .

In Alzheimer's disease the brain's hydrogen sulfide concentration is severely decreased..

Onam is the biggest festival of Kerala. We do NOT celebrate Diwali like the rest of India, which signifies victory of Gods over Asuras. When Vishnu came in the Vamana ( Brahmin midget ) avatar, his purpose was to kill Asura King Mahabali of Kerala, as the Gods were jealous of him.  He ruled over a prosperous land and the people adored him. On Onam , the traditional Kerala way of putting the flower carpet for 10 days ( as a welcome seat for beloved King Mahabali) is to first apply fresh cow dung liquified paste on a 4 inch raised platform and then put the intricate flower carpet.


The cow-dung is an efficacious disinfectant and often used as fuel in lieu of firewood in India.


When we were kids we went to our grandmothers place at Kannur for the summer vacations.  In the afternoons we loved to sleep in the open airy cool verandah of the out house-- whose floor had cow dung film. It is durable like an film of epoxy paint.


Those days i used to think it was for keeping flies away in the mango season, as hundreds of ripe juicy mangoes fell down in gusts of wind, and we could not eat all of them. So they were left to rot and to provide food for the crows.


NASA can use Quantum cow dung protection to go through the radiation of Van Allen belts.  They have been reading up the ancient Vedas about the miracles of cow dung.


Same way when there is apocalypse due to  radioactive particles released from the earth's core or sun , the only protection is Agnihotra. 

On Dec 21st 2012, there will be several Agnihoras going on at nodal points around the planet at sunrise. Now the Stonehenge makes sense , right?



The four stomachs of the cow, does the four alchemical process to the food .

As the cow processes the food it converts into the alchemical gold of her dung which we can compost and use on our land. The Vedic symbol od SWASTIKA denotes this truth. Swastika with cow shit?  I am sure Hitler never bargained for this!

Swastika was the symbol of the Indian Aryans, who migrated outwards in 4000 BC, when the Saraswati River dried up to a tectonic shift blocking the mouth at the Himalayan glacier.

The 6 pointed star ( star of David ) is a Dravidian symbol. 




I am a Dravidian.  You can see this symbol in our ancient temples at least 3000 years before the birth of Jewish religion. It represents the ANAHATA ( heart ) chakra . 



Agnihotra is a homam or sacred fire lit with cow dung cakes, in a inverted pyramid, into which ghee and rice goes, all the while chanting exact digital Sanskrit mantras which emanated from the 12 strand DNA of an ancient Indian Maharishi.



The Agnihotra Homam is done on top of raised structures. There is a way to chant the Rig Veda 5000 BC, mantras.

The Islam religion has tried to mirror this measured this chant, but have left out the fire, the ghee, the cow dung and the Quantum physics.



Agnihotra purifies of the atmosphere through the agency of fire prepared in a copper pyramid tuned to the biorhythm of sunrise/sunset. The Mind is formatted delicately, and effortlessly by sitting in Agnihotra atmosphere.



Tremendous amounts of scalar energy are gathered around the Agnihotra copper pyramid just at Agnihotra time. A scalar energy field is created, one which neutralizes negative energies and reinforces positive energies. During the Agnihotra process the smoke gathers quantum particles of harmful radiation in the atmosphere and on a very subtle level neutralizes their radioactive effect. Nothing is destroyed, merely changed.


Also consider the ghee , cow dung and unbroken brown rice burnt wherein lies the full effect of this healing homam.. If the rice grain is broken,the subtle energy is destroyed. Terrific healing energy emanates form the Agnihotra pyramid.

The dung from the HUMP BACKED Indian cow is the best. Make pancake-like patties and dry them in sun. Agnihotra fire is to be prepared from this dried cow dung.




Place a flat piece of dried cow dung at the bottom of the copper pyramid. Arrange pieces of dried cow dung which have been coated with Ghee in the pyramid in such a manner as will allow air to pass. Apply a little Ghee to a small piece of cow dung and light it. Insert this lighted piece of cow dung in the pyramid. Soon all the dung in the pyramid will catch fire. You may use a hand fan to blow in the air and help the flame.



You are NOT allowed to blow using your mouth to avoid bacteria from the mouth getting into the fire. Do NOT use any Kerosene or mineral oil--only clarified butter or ghee is allowed.

MORNING AGNIHOTRA MANTRA:
Suryaya swaaha, Suryaya idam na mama!
Prajapate Swaaha, Prajapataye idam na mama!"


Exactly at sunrise utter the first Mantra and after the word SWAHA add a few grains of rice (as little as you can hold in the pinch of your fingers will suffice) to the fire. Utter the second Mantra and after the word SWAHA add a few grains of rice to the fire. This completes morning Agnihotra.


At sunset do the same by using evening Mantras. This terminates the evening Agnihotra.
The evening mantra is

Agnaye swaha, Agnaye idam na mama!

Prajapataye swaha, Prajapataye idam na mama!!

If you miss the timing it is not Agnihotra and you will not get the healing effect on the atmosphere or in the ash.

A mantra is a word or a series of words , which produce longitudinal Scalar waves by resonating your Pineal gland and your DNA—in a divine language. A divine language like Sanskrit came out from a 12 strand DNA – the most complicated supercomputer on this planet. 

The king Mantra OM or AUM is 11000 years old—and was told by the sages that it was the original sound when the Cosmos was created. OM opens up quantum tunneling for the wormholes to happen , where the speed of light is NOT the limiting factor. DNA is a superconductor that stores light at body temperature, and can create magnetic wormholes in ZPF .. Microtubules and axional membranes are also hollow cylinders. Mantras are Scalar energy based sounds which resonate in the Zero Point Field Aakashik hyperspace.

The Hindus knew the earths heart beat of 7.83 hertz as the frequency of OM -- and the MMMMM humming of OM boosts the production of Nitric oxide in the body , and it was documented 7000 years ago.

Mantras resonate your pineal gland and reprogramme your DNA. The human DNA can produce longitudinal scalar waves. Mantras vibrations on DNA , chakras and pineal gland purifies and raises human consciousness. Mantras centres your mind ( effect on subconscious ) and slows down your breathing. Mantras increase your Auras as seen by Kirlean photography— due to the effect on sympathetic and para sympathetic nervous systems.---Mantra chanting must be done with intent, to make it more powerful. This is about consciousness again.


Agnihotra (agni means fire, hotra means healing) is as old as India. It is the most ancient fire ritual of this planet.


Collect the ash and keep it in a glass or earthen container. The supercharged ash is pure and anti-fungal cum.anti microbial  and is mixed with folk medicines used for psychological maladies. When you get large quantities of ash, use it as a fertiliser , to revive plants which wilt due to fungus.


When one with a pure mind speaks the Mantra into the Agnihotra pyramid at Agnihotra time, the ash retains that energy and the healing properties of the ash become more powerful. There is NO rule that Agnihotra can be done only by Hindu Brahmins .


Above sacred geometry Sri Yantra.  It is drawn using the golden ratio of 1.618.   Italian Fibonacci stole this Vedic ratio more than 10 millineums later.



In case anybody wants to do Agnihotra on 21st Dev 2012, at sunrise--



Items used:
Copper pyramid with a sacred Sri Yantra angle of 51 deg 49 min 38.25 seconds.




Punch into google search SECRETS OF EGYPTIAN PYRAMIDS REVEALED- VADAKAYIL, to verify that the Indian Sri Yantra angle ( 9000 BC ) is exactly the same. 

See the video below -- Sri Yantra is based on Golden ratio of 1.618.  Italian Fibonacci stole this ratio 8000 years later, and patented it in his name.





Pyramid support stand
Small Copper Dish for the brown unbroken undamaged rice
Small Copper Spoon for the butter
Copper tongs for the fire, when needed
Clarified butter (ghee)
Dried Dung strips, break it just before you make the fire.

Wooden matches.
Container for ash, wooden spoon to remove it
Large ceramic tile (for safety) to put under the pyramid.
Local sunrise - sunset time chart for your location


The Agnihotra fire is beautiful like green emerald, the colour of the heart chakra, the same colour you see at sunset. Punch into Google search GREEN FLASH AT SUNSET AND PERCEPTION- VADAKAYIL



In India cows are everywhere! Because the cow is respected as a sacred animal, it's allowed to roam unharmed, and they are pretty used to the traffic and the rhythm of the city. So, you can see them roaming the streets in towns and cities, grazing unmindful on the roadside grass verges and munching away vegetables thrown out by street sellers. Stray and homeless cows are also supported by temples, especially in southern India.

The cow would roam into a busy shop, and instead of driving her away.all would bend over back wards , by suspending business,  to give her space. The cow gives us GHEE. Without ghee NO Vedic homan can be performed.

So what is so great about ghee?

I am reminded of an account of a British traveller, to the court of a Kerala king. He says that the king was a huge guy, very fit , with a magnetic personality. When he approached the king, he was about to do his early morning kushti or wrestling , for exercise. He was getting massaged , and so he spoke to him while the massage was going on, with ghee. Suddenly the King got up, whatever ghee was balance in the bowl, he gulped down and off he went to the wrestling pit. This act sort of shocked the Englishman.

According to Ayurveda, ghee aids digestion more than butter or any other cooking oil. It also helps boost the immune system. Ghee is used as a base for herbal ointments and also used directly as a massage oil. It is very good for muscles and makes your body more flexible

Ghee helps balance excess acid secretion in the stomach, and it is also more digestible for the lactose intolerant than butter, because milk proteins are removed when the butter is clarified.

When I was young I had to go to the Kalari pit early in the morning.  Just at sunrise, I had to put a table spoon of ghee in a hot cup of black coffee and gulp it down . I can assure you that it kick starts the bowel movements . The Kalari gurikkal had told me that ghee is to loosen up tight hamstrings.

How is ghee made? All in India know this. So this is for my foreign readers.

Ghee stimulates the digestive fire. It helps in absorption of vital nutrients.


Ayurveda considers ghee to be one of the most health enhancing of all foods.

 In India we make our own butter at home. We boil raw cow’s milk to get cream, churn the cream with hand to make fresh butter. Lord Krishna was very fond of this fresh butter.

 Place half a kilo of fresh unsalted butter in a suitable pan, with a good heavy base. Heat gently until butter melts, then turn heat up to medium.

Once it starts boiling turn down to a low heat again. Let it simmer away gently. It will foam and splutter. This is just the butter giving off the liquids, as it turns itself into the magical ghee!

Do not cover the pot or you will interfere with this process.


Stir from time to time. After 10-15 minutes it should start to smell 'popcorny'..and should also turn a lovely golden shade.

Skim off any foam from the top. When mixture has cooled slightly pour it into a jar with an airtight top. There will be some solids at the bottom of the pan. Discard it. Ghee has a very long shelf life. Traditionally it is not kept in the fridge ,but do so if you prefer. It will easily keep for a few months...

However, once the jar is opened make sure you always use a clean dry spoon to extract the contents or you will easily contaminate it.

Ghee— clarified of all its impurities, strengthened with all the essential fatty acids — is a miracle worker.  It increases the strength of the joints, improves the texture of the skin, hair and nails. It  works wonders for our insulin sensitivity, helps to burn fat efficiently and keeps the brain alert.  Ghee is  good fat. 
We need the type of fat it provides for absorbing fat-soluble vitamins like A and E. Both work as antioxidants and are rich in anti-ageing properties—and also help to keep our immunity levels sky high. The fatty acids in ghee also provide strength and hydration to our overworked joints, like those of the lower back and the knee, and help to keep our muscles agile and strong. No wonder the King drank so much ghee , which of course he would burn out.


Now let me digress.


This is a true incident. A new cook joined my ship. He replaced an excellent cook, who made such mouth watering food, that sailors never ate ashore. They used to come back on the ship and eat or even leave the ship after eating. So I knew that the next cook will be judged relatively. Sure enough on the first day itself, I got a call from Chief Officer that as per the grapevine the new cooks food is inedible.  So I went to the galley and tasted the food. There was nothing wrong with the taste. And all the officers and crew wanted to know what I was doing in the galley. This is what I did.

 I took his lamb curry tasted it. Found that I could add some more salt. Then I added a table spoon of ghee and got the whole thing heated up. This I did for the others too.

Then I tasted the vegetable bhajee. The salt was a bit more than what it should be. So I added a bit of vinegar and did the ghee honours on this item too. For the next bhajee with excess salt I used sour lime and of course ghee.

After 10 minutes I came out of the galley and went to my cabin, without saying a world.  The same people who were bitching about the food, polished off everything. Well the proof of the pudding lies in the eating , right?  Later Chief Officer called up.  He told me that the grapevine is abuzz, that Captain did something behind closed doors which made the food very tasty, and he wanted to know what i did.
See, the taste lies in the aroma. The food made tadka with ghee has to be served piping hot. 

Put nose clips ( to simulate a bad cold ) and check out if you can get the taste of any food.

Ghee is a boon for people who are on low fat diet since even a VERY small amount of ghee can add lot of flavor to the food , much more than any other oil or fat products.

Ghee is a saturated fat as it comes from animal fat.  It is not good to eat in large quantities, or if you have high cholesterol or heart problems. However, ghee has no hydrogenated fat as it is made from pure butter, and is considered, if eaten in moderation.

Ghee is ideal fat for deep frying because its smoke point (where its molecules begin to break down) is 250 °C , which is well above typical cooking temperatures of around 200 °C  and above that all of the vegetable oils, except coconut oil.


Ghee is the main ingredient in some of the Ayurvedic medicines.Like any clarified butter, ghee is composed almost entirely of fat. Ghee reduces plasma LDL cholesterol. This action is mediated by an increased secretion of biliary lipids. Ghee stimulates the secretion of gastric acid, thus aiding in the digestive process. As such ghee is used to treat constipation and ulcers in Ayurveda.

Butter contains about 12-15% of these medium-chain and short-chain fats, whereas ghee contains about 25%. (Our bodies metabolize medium-chain and short-chain fats differently than long-chain ones, and medium- and short-chain ones are not associated with cardiovascular problems in the same way as the long-chain ones are.) Ghee Has a Higher Smoke Point than Butter. For butter, smoke point is typically reached at 160 deg c.  But ghee usually has a higher smoke point, of around 260 deg C.

6000 year old Ayurveda says that ,  ghee helps recover from poor digestion, quality of semen for people working in bio-accumulative fields, epilepsy,  and memory loss.. The Susruta Samhita, an Ayurvedic classic, says that ghee is a sure remedy for problems stemming from the pitta dosha, such as inflammation.

Modern science tells us that ghee also harbors phenolic antioxidants, which bolster the immune system. A high concentration of butyric acid, a fatty acid that contains anti-viral properties, is believed to inhibit the growth of cancerous tumors.  So ghee is can be said to have anti-cancer and anti-viral properties.

Ghee, mixed with honey, is used for wounds, inflammation, and blisters. Ghee is salt and lactose free so it is a boon for for those who can't drink milk or eat cheese. Ghee contains CLA or conjugated linolenic acid which aids weight loss, especially stubborn belly fat and has been . CLA is an anti-oxidant.  Ghee is also very alkaline for your body, which helps to offset the overwhelming acidity of most modern junk food diets.

Ghee is full of Vitamins A, D, E, and K. These vitamins are fat-soluble, meaning they have to be digested with other fat molecules in order for these vitamins to make it into our bloodstream. Fortunately, ghee has lots of dietary fats (mostly saturated fats) that help our bodies absorb and make use of these vitamins.

Almost all fancy cooking oils like Soya, Sunflower, Safflower, Olive, Canola etc break down to produce deadly free radicals in high heat cooking.  But  ghee is an excellent cooking medium because it does not break down in high heat like these cooking oils do.).

It is better to cook with only the stable-at-high-temps oils like coconut, and ghee.  Save the unstable olive oil for only salads, never cooking. Since  ghee is lower in fat than butter  it's a better choice for people who have problems with high cholesterol. Easier to digest. Because there is less fat in ghee, it is easier for most people to digest than butter is.

Longer shelf life. Ghee can be stored for a long period of time, longer than butter can, and it doesn't need to be refrigerated when it is stored. This makes it more convenient than butter and better in some people's eyes.

Ghee contains both saturated and unsaturated fats. The total fat content of ghee consists of approximately 65 percent saturated fats, 25 percent monounsaturated and 5 percent polyunsaturated. Its saturated fat content consists of easily digested short-chain fatty acids for approximately 89 percent with an additional 3 percent from linoleic acid. This acid is a source of antioxidants that protect the body against free radicals and helps prevents serious health diseases such as heart disease and cancer.

 Contrary of common belief, fats are essential to the diet. They help in normal body functions, hormonal balance, reproductive health, skin health and the absorption of essential vitamins. In particular, vitamins A, D, E and K are only able to be used by the body when they are take with fats.


Ghee is beneficial in decreasing cholesterol in the blood. It does this by improving the ratio of HDL or good cholesterol, to LDL or the bad cholesterol. Increased HDL in the blood may decrease the risk of atherosclerosis and heart attacks .

Vedas have never been proved wrong as it was written by seers. When the Vedas talked about the power of an atom of the microcosm, all the West ridiculed it as cowherds's verses till one day the atom bomb shocked them out of their pants. 

Today the scientists know that the copper used in the Agnihotra pyramids, resonates energy and send solitions into the ether of ZPF along with the OM quantum tunneling effect.  Triangles have extraordinary energy. 




The NANO-molecular structure of copper is triangular. 




This was written down in our ancient Vedas . The Sri-Yantra which contains the theory of everything, the golden mean, the golden spiral and the magic cosmology number 108 is triangular.

Copper has anti-bacterial properties. The Vedic rishis always carried with them a copper lota containing living water. Copper is an excellent energy conductor, as we have seen in this modern electrical age. How is it that the seers knew this and wrote it down 7000 years ago? 

People who do Agnihotra find it easy to go into the Alpha brainwave mode, which is creative.  For women with PMS due to hormonal imbalances and a breakdown of the Ethereal body ( aura ) , this is a boon. Much pain can be avoided. The family who does it eliminated negativity. The reason why Vedas promoted Agnihotra at sunrise and sunset is because they understood the circadian rhythms and the flooding effect of abundant Prana or life force..

Kirlean cameras have proved that potted plants who were fed with Agnihotra ash had better bio-energy aura and colour. The fruits and organic vegetables had better Kirlean aura and lasted longer without getting rotten in a non-refrigerated space..No worms can breed inside these fruits. The Agnihotra ash causes a explosion of earth worms which bore th soil for oxygen to enter. 

The Western world still does NOT know the benefits of eating organic food. They are destined to eat GM foods and get Alzheimer , Cancer and all sorts of negativity, bad habits, addictions and vices. They are destined to poison their fields with deadly pesticides, use food seeds which are sterile, and drink poisoned groundwater.

Cow dung has anti-bacterial penicillin like effect. This is the reason why agnihotra is effective on the human body. Viruses cannot survive on their own, they are parasites on weak low charge cells.

Ghee made from the Indian Punganur cow is good for Agnihotra.  While cow milk normally has a fat content of 3 per cent, the Punganur breed's milk contains 8 per cent.


Agnihotra can be done only with ghee made out of an Indian cow with hump which gives A2 milk. 

The western cow without hump prodices toxic A1 milk.  Ghee made out of A1 milk does harm and the whole idea of Agnihotra falls flat.

In Agnihotra the cow dung MUST be lighted by Camphor or Karpooram.   Camphor is used in the Mahashivratri celebrations of Lord Shiva,  the flame symbolizes consciousness, as it burn without residue..  



In every Hindu puja the aarti is done with camphor flame.   It is lit in house warming ceremonies of Hindus while hugging the holy humped cow.   

Camphor is obtained from the great Camphor Laurel ( Cinnamomum camphora ) an evergreen tree. A white substance,  Karpooram is obtained in crystalline form, from this tree.

Urumi wounds caused ingress of toxic metals ( like lead )  into the body which numbs the arms and wrist due to a palsied state—and the Kalari warrior is unable to take up arms again.  In 6000 year old Ayurveda Ayurveda Nitrate of Silver and Iodide of Potassium were used for instant cure.

Silver iodide, a powerful antiseptic , is prepared by reaction of an iodide solution (e.g., potassium iodide) with a solution of silver ions (e.g., silver nitrate). ).  A blight yellow  solid quickly precipitates.  

This was used in Agnihotra yagnas to seed clouds and produce rain.




Annaad-bhavanti bhuutaani parjanyaad-anna sambhavah,
yagnyaad-bhavati parjanyo yagnyah karma samudbhavah  - BHAGAWAT GITA 4000 BC ( Vyasa )

Lord Krishna tells a despondant Arjuna , just before the Mahabharata battle 6000 year ago, :- Life is born from food, food is produced by rain, rain is produced by performing yagna and that yagnya is performed by doing Karma.
  
The silver iodide changes the composition of ultracold water in the clouds, turning the liquid into snow or ice, which then falls to the ground.

Silver iodide is an inorganic compound with the formula AgI.   In modern times Silver iodide is used in cloud seeding.. 
  
For release by aircraft, silver iodide flares are ignited and dispersed as an aircraft flies through the inflow of a cloud.  When released by devices on the ground, the fine particles are carried downwind and upward by air currents after release. 



 China used cloud seeding in Beijing just before the 2008 Olympic Games in order to clear the air of  severe smog.

 To know more about urumi- the DEADLIEST WEAPON on this planet.




Punch into Google search-
KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART VADAKAYIL




And to know more about how ancient Indians dabbled in Silver ions and colloids –

Punch into Google search-


BLUE AVATAR AND VIAGRA VADAKAYIL
********************************************************************
INDIA'S WORST JOURNALIST, BARKHA DUTT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





INDIA'S WORST JOURNALIST, BARKHA DUTT -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Barkha Dutt is India's most celebrated journalist. 

She has received several foreign awards, including one for the "most intelligent journalist" . I take severe exception to this most intelligent award.

As an intelligent man, I have found her to be of low IQ.  

She can of course challenge me , in which case I will pick up a 14 year old chaiwalla from the streets of Mumbai, and we will televise this IQ test program LIVE.   Her "buck stops now" is an assault on the cerebral matter of an intelligent man.

Barkha Dutt has received the Padma Shri award . Of course the W will love any Hindu bashing journalist.

It is amazing that NDTV claims to be an Indian channel, but has never ever projected the Kashmiri Pandit problem.  Yet NDTV has given extra space to secessionists from Kashmir, who want Independence from India.  This channel gives space to rabid hate monger T#etsa S#talvad and A#undhati R#y ( related to Prann#y R#y , a Christian and W loyalist )

Probably it is Barkha Dutt's mindset, and so I wont blame her for her DNA programming. 

Both her first and second husbands are Kashmiri Muslims, as per Wiki ( this gets deleted and pops back every now and then ) .  She herself did her Masters in mass communications at Jamia Milia Islamia, New Delhi.

Barkha Dutt’s second husband Haseeb Drabu ( as per Wiki ) a secessionist who authored of a "Self Rule" Document that was part of PDPs election manifesto.  ( Barkha has denied this marriage on NDTV , I have heard this myself  , and I sure she knows more than iki ) He had also envisioned the need for a separate currency "Karra" for J&Ks autonomy ( IB report ).   

If you punch into Google search HASEEB DRABU WIKIPEDIA , this is the last line of the post.

QUOTE-  He is married with well known NDTV anchor Barkha Dutt-  UNQUOTE

Why don’t you try it out- NOW ?



Hasseb Drabu served as a Consultant to the R controlled Asian Development Bank.


Barkha, a piece of advise,-- Next time you bring separatists /anti-nationals to the forefront through NDTV, there will be a price to pay.  The people of India are watching you, Pran#y R#y ( Bharat Ratna for MF Hussain ) and his Christian cousin A#undhati R#y ( Azadi for Kashmir ) . 

We Indians (and CBI ) do know the source of the NDTV foreign funds. We know who the Zionist foreign sponsors of the Roys are, and the foreign cocktail circuit of Ar#ndhati..  

Italian W will NOT remain in power forever-- her cotiere who love her more than India must know this.  So damn easy to land up in the dustbin of Indian history, right?.

Barkha also obtained a master's degree in journalism from Columbia University's Graduate School of Journalism, New York . Whoever goes to Columbia university ( founded with Opium drug money ) on scholarship must be earmarked and watched.  

No wonder she bagged a position on the list of 100 "Global Leaders of Tomorrow" compiled by the World Economic Forum (2001, 2008), a R arm.  Opium drug runner R owned the British East India Company, who ruled India.

The way she bulldozes her way into people's tragedies and gives unilateral arbitration with a chosen audience lapping up her words, has to be seen to be believed. 

The internet is full of cries and fervent pleas to take Bak Bak Barkha off the air.  Even Wikipedia does NOT have a kind word about her.

Barkha Dutt tasted fame by pretending to jump out of her skin at every small sound while interviewing the soldiers of the Kargil war.  We are supposed to believe that her life is in grave danger. 

She gives self-righteous bak bak about free speech .She took legal action against a small time blogger Chyetanya Kunte for voicing his opinion about her "shoddy journalism", -- about her spin on 26/11 . Chyetanya was forced to take down his post,  thanks to NDTV's threat.

In the Nira radia tapes Barkha Dutt appears to offer to pass messages between Nira Radia, who appeared to be trying to get a politician suspected of corruption reappointed as telecommunications minister at the behest of her clients, and senior leaders of the Congress Party. Some critics accused her of acting as a power broker, a charge she vehemently denied.

The tapes shocked the entire nation and many heavy weight journalists have said they are evidence of a bed fellow relationship between the press and the powerful.

“The robust Indian tradition of adversarial journalism has been mortgaged at the altar of cozy networks,” wrote Rajdeep Sardesai, another top television journalist, in a column in The Hindustan Times on Friday.

While V#r Sanghvi apologised, Barkha went on the counter offensive in a bulldog manner.She frothed through her brokering mouth  “a journalist talks to many people while doing a story”. 

Oh yeah?

Even an idiot could find out that Nira Radia, Barkha Dutt and Vir Sanghvi were together trying to make sure that D#yanidhi M#ran doesn’t get the telecom ministry.  Instead, the focus of their efforts was to make DMK man A Raja the Telecom Minister. It’s also very clear now that these things were being done at the behest of R#tan T#ta whose company would have been the direct beneficiary from A R#ja’s appointment as the Telecom Minister.

Barkha is the only celebrity journalist on this planet to have hate pages on Facebook. The Internet is full of posts describing her as a Hindu basher.

She is probably the only news anchor on Indian TV that has a ‘ dress sponsor’. All the image makeovers may not help much when you look like a sack of potatoes with a plain Jane face, which I am afraid cannot launch even half a ship-- leave alone 1000 ships.   Now this is the truth and hence cant be yellow journalism.



Nearly the entire top leadership of the LTTE were Christians were Methodist Christians.  The Hindu Karuna defection has a lot more than meets the eye, as a lot of non-Christian LTTE leaders were eliminated. 

Mormons Christian missionaries are allowed to run wild by the Vatican sponsored W Govt.  The bulk of the funds for LTTE come from Tamil Christian clergy, from the Catholic, Methodist, Anglican and evangelical churches. By the way the next US president M#tt R#mney chosen by Zionist B#lderberg Club, is a Mormon.

For the past 20 years foreign funded Christain missionary NGOs have been working overtime in Assam and the entire NE.  These are Trojan horses in the garb of good samaritans . Most of the Christians sessionists groups have sophisticated guns. None of these armed Christian gangs care for India.

I must tell my fellow patriotic Indians to trust the FREE Internet more than the Indian TV, media  which is all hijacked , by powerful desh drohi foreign forces, who finance these channels.

Today I was a bit shocked to see a patriotic Internet web site by the name of  HJS ( Hindu Janajagruti Samiti ) banned by W and her pseudo secular coterie.  To be frank I have been reading the posts on this site for the past 2 years.  80% of the posts are about our freedom fighters who got India her freedom from the British invader.   Are we to forget these selfless men?  

What a disgrace!

Below pictures -- a Raza Academy initiated Azad maidan rally!  The police did NOT have the ba##s to take on these vicious armed goons, and now they call it "admirable restraint!" .  Say again?



Why cant the UPA distinguish between 

a patriot and a desh drohi?  Is it too 

difficult to figure out who are the Indians 
ready to die for India, rather than for 
Pakistan and Islam. 




When a patriotic Indian used the Internet 
to write about desh drohis, who have 
kicked and broken the Amar Jawan 
soldiers memorial, or burned the Indian 
flag, how does he become a terrorist? 




Why does W allow our Indian army 
to be disrespected?



The circled flag is below!






Helen of Troy (formerly of Sparta) was so beautiful that Greek men went to Troy and fought the Trojan War to win Helen back from Paris. The thousand ships refer to the Greek troops that set sail from Aulis to Troy where the Trojan prince Paris had taken Menelaus' wife, Helen.




HERE IS AN ALLEGED  TRANSCRIPT OF BARKHA DUTT BREAKING THE 11TH COMMANDMENT-- " THOU SHALT NOT BE CAUGHT!"

ALERT: Conversation begins on some audios after a few seconds of silence; all audio files embedded at the beginning of corresponding transcripts
56
BY Open EMAIL AUTHOR(S)
TAGGED UNDER | Barkha Dutt | Niira Radia | X-Tapes
THE NETWORK

As talks between the DMK and Congress (‘them’) broke down over joining the Government in May 2009, Radia was actively involved in opening channels between the two parties through, among others, television journalist Barkha Dutt

“OH GOD. SO NOW WHAT? WHAT SHOULD I TELL THEM? TELL ME WHAT SHOULD I TELL THEM?” —BARKHA DUTT

DATE 22 MAY 2009 TIME 09:48:51


RADIA: Hi, did I wake you up?

BARKHA: No, no, no. I’ve been up, ya, most of the night. The stalemate continues, yaa.

RADIA: Yeah. Listen, the thing is that they need to talk to him directly. That is what the problem is.

BARKHA: Haan so, apparently PM’s really pissed off that they went public.

RADIA: But that’s Baalu’s doing, naa… he was not instructed by Karunanidhi to do that.

BARKHA: Oh, he wasn’t?

RADIA: This is not. He was told to come away and tell Congress that.

BARKHA: And he went public

RADIA: Well, the media… media, the media was standing outside.

BARKHA: Oh God. So now what? What should I tell them? Tell me what should I tell them?

RADIA: I’ll tell you what it is---the problem and I have had a long chat with both his wife and with the daughter right

…

BARKHA: Haan, haan.

RADIA: The problem is if the Congress has a problem with Baalu, if they have no problem with anyone. They need and go talk to Karunanidhi. They have very good relationship with Karunanidhi directly.

BARKHA: Correct, haan.

RADIA: Because you see, in front of Baalu, in front of Maran, they can’t talk.

BARKHA: Yeah

RADIA: So they have to tell him directly, there [are] enough Congress leaders in Tamil Nadu. They need to go in and tell him exactly---the biggest problem is that the following of Alagiri is saying that you cannot give [inaudible] a cabinet [inaudible] and keep Alagiri in the MoS state.

BARKHA: That’s right. But will Karuna drop Baalu?

RADIA: He… look, if you tell him that Baalu is the only problem. I would imagine, he will drop him.

BARKHA: But you see the problem right now is also over the choice of portfolios, naa…

RADIA: No. They’ve not said anything. The portfolios have not even got discussed.

BARKHA: Congress claims, for whatever it’s worth, that the DMK wanted surface transport, power, IT, telecom, railways and health.

…

RADIA: You see, you see my honest advice…

BARKHA: Yeah.

RADIA: ..is that you tell them that they need to tell him directly that we are happy because Kani’s [Kanimozhi, DMK Chief Karunanidhi’s daughter] got no issue being about independent. But Alagiri is now telling her that you cannot take an independent charge if Maran remains cabinet minister.

BARKHA: I see.

RADIA: And Congress is sending messages through media and through various sources, saying that. And Maran is telling everyone that he is the only acceptable person.

BARKHA: Person, yeah, yeah, yeah. That I know.

RADIA: But that’s not correct, naa?

BARKHA: No, I know. We’ve taken that off. We’ve taken that off.

…

BARKHA: Also, but, but the Congress needs to tell Karunanidhi that we have not said anything about Maran.

BARKHA: Okay. Let me talk to them again.

RADIA: Yeah? The choice of candidate we will leave to you. We have some reservation about Baalu. And let them tell the reservation. And we have not said anything about Maran. We are not talking

+++

In another telecon, Barkha Dutt offers Niira Radia the assurance that she is on the job as a reliable go-between

“THAT’S NOT A PROBLEM, I’LL TALK TO AZAD. I’LL TALK TO AZAD RIGHT AFTER I GET OUT OF RCR” —BARKHA DUTT

DATE 22 MAY 2009 TIME 10:47:33


BARKHA: Haan, Niira?

RADIA: Barkha, what I’m told is that the Congress yesterday, apparently, God knows who they are talking to in the DMK.

BARKHA: Haan, well must be Maran…

RADIA: Relayed---no, they relayed that the infrastructure portfolio should not be given to Maran or Baalu.

BARKHA: No, that’s because they want to keep it for themselves.

RADIA: No, they wanted to; they didn’t want any infrastructure, that’s what Prime Minister said, so he said that’s why they give him labour, fertiliser, chemical---and telecom, IT, they said for Raja. So what has happened is, is that message not relayed to Karunanidhi?

BARKHA: Oh I see!

RADIA: They might have told some minion down the line or told Maran who is not relaying the truth.

BARKHA: I think they have told Maran.

RADIA: Yeah, now what they need to do is, they need to speak to Kani so she can set up the discussion with her father, because even the Prime Minister’s discussion was … she was the one who’s translating, and it was a very brief discussion for two minutes.

BARKHA: Okay.

RADIA: That we’ll try and work it out, and the let’s not you know take it a hasty easy decision. That’s the type of conversation that happened.

BARKHA: No, I’ll set it up as soon as they get out of RCR.

RADIA: What she saying is that, you know, that someone senior like Ghulam [Nabi Azad, senior Congress leader]---because he is the one who is authorised to speak. ….

BARKHA: Yeah, yeah, yeah.

RADIA: Right? Was to speak to her then she can tell her father that I have got this message from the Congress.

BARKHA: Theek hai, not a problem. That’s not a problem, I’ll talk to Azad---I’ll talk to Azad right after I get out of RCR [Race Course Road, presumably, the PM’s residence].

RADIA: Yeah, and then she said when father lands, I can speak to him.

BARKHA: Okay.

+++

The two conversationalists touch base again

“I’VE HAD A LONG CHAT, I HAD A LONG CHAT, AND THEY PROMISED ME THAT AZAD WILL SPEAK TO HER” —BARKHA DUTT

DATE 22 MAY 2009 TIME 15:31:29


RADIA: They will speak to her?

BARKHA: Yeah.

RADIA: Who? Ghulam?

BARKHA: Ghulam. Yeah.

RADIA: You know, the problem is she’s catching a flight at five haan, going back. Dayanidhi Maran is attending the swearing in when only Raja has been authorised to attend, so he’s gone and told his leader that Ahmed Patel has told me especially to attend the swearing in.

BARKHA: Ahmed says this is rubbish …

RADIA: But I am telling you but this. Karunanidhi’s very confused.

BARKHA: No, but why can’t Kani stay also and attend it?

RADIA: She doesn’t want to attend no because her father told her to come back. She has to follow what she’s father says, no. Call Ghulam then.

BARKHA: Let me call him.

RADIA: She’s leaving at five. She’s catching a flight at five.

+++

Niira Radia and Barkha Dutt discuss cabinet composition possibilities---with Raja’s inclusion or non-inclusion the big question

“I AM TELLING YOU, NAHIN HAI. TRUST ME. NAHIN HAI” —NIIRA RADIA
DATE 22 MAY 2009 TIME TIME 18:09:06


BARKHA: No, you see Congress’s condition is Baalu should not get surface transport. Not Baalu, DMK should not get surface transport, beyond individuals right?



RADIA: Correct, correct, and they are not individuals. Let me tell you one thing’s for sure, 3 plus 4 was yesterday; because of Maran, they wanted to make it 4 plus 3.

BARKHA: Okay!

RADIA: So, now it is back to 3 plus 4 that was already worked on the table?

BARKHA: No, so why does this formula not sound right then?

RADIA: Because of Alagiri naa, if you make Alagiri… not cabinet. No, he’s not got cabinet.

BARKHA: Oh, Alagiri got what, according to these things?

RADIA: You see, according to her, he’s got Health, but he can’t be cabinet. Either Maran is not cabinet, either Raja is not cabinet or Baalu’s not.

BARKHA: Alagiri’s got Health and that’s a big compromise by Congress because they said we won’t give them Health. So that’s their face saver. No, but Alagiri, Health can be cabinet?

RADIA: Agreed, but then Raja is MoS.

BARKHA: Raja is MoS!

RADIA: Then is Baalu MoS?

BARKHA: Nahin ho sakta. Nahin, nahin, nahin, if Baalu gets the Heavy Industries and Alagiri is in the Fertiliser, according to …. Baalu gets Fertilizer; Alagiri gets this thing, Health.

RADIA: Maran gets Telecom and IT.

BARKHA: Maran gets Telecom and IT. Raja gets demoted.

RADIA: Who gets…?

BARKHA: Raja. Nahin hoga?

RADIA: I am telling you nahin hai (laughing). Trust me, nahin hai.

BARKHA: Achcha, theek hai.

+++

In yet another telecon, Barkha Dutt explains her situation to Nira Radia

“EVERYBODY I KNOW IN THE CONGRESS WAS AT THE SWEARING-IN, SO I HAVEN’T BEEN ABLE TO SPEAK WITH THE TOP GUYS, AND NOW I JUST FINISHED AND I AM GOING TO MAKE MY SET OF CALLS” BARKHA DUTT

DATE 22 MAY 2009 TIME 19:23:57


BARKHA: You see, what happened was everybody I know in the Congress was at the swearing in, so I haven’t been able to speak with the top guys, and now I just finished and I am going to make my set of calls.

RADIA: Kani just landed in Chennai. Just now. I just spoke…

BARKHA: Where is Daya? Where is Maran?

RADIA: Daya didn’t turn up for the swearing in because he was called back, because he went and told Karunanidhi that I have been asked by Ahmed Patel to come for the swearing in. But the leader said then you join the Congress.

BARKHA: (laughs) So now?

RADIA: So Raja was the only one who’s authorised to attend which he’s done and Raja’s catching the 8:40 flight...

BARKHA: Okay




PATHETIC!   

b#rkha b#rka
yes papa!
pimping deals?
no papa!
telling lies?
no papa!
Shall we play the tapes?
ha ha ha!!



THIS IS THE ROCK BOTTOM OF ETHICAL JOURNALISM !!

 

Famous Barkha Dutt quotes:

I have my standards , they may be low- but I do have them!

I have my faults , being wrong ain’t one of them!

I just need to mind mE manners, pretty Shajia Ilmi can get away with anything!

B#rkha D#tt,  you shameless, woman, why do you still do moral policing, from moral high ground , every day on prime time?  

In your NDTV show "the buck stops now ", why do you need to keep "clapping  fuc#kin'  party" who will clap on command?.   When you get self-righteous on TV, do you know that the whole of India smirks? 


Why do you keep asking close ended questions , suited to NDTV foreign  masters ?  Do you know that the free Indian public deserves to be asked open ended questions ?  

 

Barkha Dutt: “Swami Agnivesh… you will see that the number of people who had to resign from public office—and many people believe this is a good thing—just because of suspicion or allegations or accusations, I mean, from Shashi Tharoor to Ashok Chavan to Sharad Pawar, there are so many different examples where legally, the allegation has not been proven, but even before the trial has begun, these politicians have stepped aside. Now some people are making the argument that those drafting the Lokpal bill must do the same. How do you respond? Do you believe the same standard must be applied as they are applied to politicians?”

Swami Agnivesh: “Well, Barkhaji, let me put it to you this way. Supposing there is an accusation of corruption on some mediaperson who is an anchor of a very famous TV channel, and if that person is initiating debate after debate on corruption and such [a] person is asked, first get yourself cleared of all these allegations and then only you will have a moral right to start or initiate a debate on corruption, should that person step down? What would be your answer?”

Barkha Dutt  ( hey! Check out her IQ -- TEE HEEEEE  -- Can you pass IIT by playing around with words?) : “My answer would be very simple. My answer would be that we all must answer to the same levels of scrutiny that we subject other people to, and that is exactly what we are debating, whether that should take the shape of answering questions, whether that should take the shape of stepping down, will vary from case to case. And that remains my position. Justice [Santosh] Hegde would you disagree?”

Check out Barkha’s style on “ the buck stops now “ programme on NDTV prime time.  This is sheer tamasha and it happens every day.  She as the anchor will ask you a question. If she smells an answer which does NOT suit her own " delusional" perception and rabid preferences, she will will keep throwing you off track by interrupting loudly again and again. ( And mind you she is indeed clever with putting a smoke screen with words, which is mistaken for high Jamia Milia Islamia IQ—but cuts no ice with an intelligent man..)   

When you pull yourself together and get back on track, she will again derail you, by arrogantly cherry pickin' in between.  Finally again when you do get back on track with the truthful and correct answer, he will shoot off a sub question to some one else on the discussion panel and ignore you.  She will never allow you to get the truth across to the nation—but on record she has given you a platform. Just check out if she does the same trick on a sedititious Kashmiri Muslim, the next time. 

Who cares for these NDTV / CNN- IBN TV channels and their fake awards, any way.  This duo did NOT find it necessary to air that a Muslim MP As#duddin Ow#isi from  Hyderabad, used the safety net of Parliament, to give out a 3rd wave Jehad call.  It surely tranlsated into the Azad maidan riots. 

Let me end with a "perception to reality" joke-- to remove the bad taste from your mouth.

Chid says-- " How can you say there is national loss. The coal is still safe inside MOTHER EARTH!". 
Thief says--  " How can you say I stole?  The money I stole from the bank is buried safely under mother earth--I have NOT spent it !"

Hey Chid-- when you allot a block to a private player , his share value rockets-- whether the coal is under mother earth of not.  Think about it!   I have put a nice post for you . Punch into google search PERCEPTION AND REALITY- VADAKAYIL. 

And if W and RaGa were to read this post , I would like them to punch into Google search PROUD TO BE INDIAN, PROUD TO BE HINDU- VADAKAYIL. 

Both CNN-IBN and NDTV are owned by Turner broadcasting, a subsidiary of Time Warner, the world’s largest media conglomerate ( assets 75 billion ) owned by Zionists.

NDTV 24x7 is the only English News Channel from India which is beamed in UK, USA, Canada, South Africa, Middle East, Australia, New Zealand, Mauritius and most of the SAARC countries to reach out to the Indian Diaspora.  

Dr. Prann#y R#y of NDTV with an Irish mother serves as Economic Adviser to the Ministry of Finance, to dish out R’s economic policies. 

His wife R#dhika R#y of NDTV is the sister of Br#nda R#y, the R Communist.








When Peter Roebuck the English/ Aussie cricketing journalist, a notorious gay pedophile, was reported by these channels as “found dead in his hotel room in South Africa”,  I immediately went into the Internet and I could see his bloody remains being scrapped off the hotel grounds . If Peter was a Indian Muslim, the report would be “ jumped off the hotel balcony naked , when police with a warrant tried to arrest him”.

 

Have you ever wondered why Barkha Dutt is so much welcome in Pakistan?  Have you noticed her body language and the way she gushes -nay -drools , when she interviews Pakistani PM and President?  Take a note and check it out yourself next time.

 

There are some sponsored sites calling Barkha Dutt as one of the hottest looking journalists of India.  Probably they are blind.



Above: The nation's conscience keeper!

She has her fawning chosen audience for “The buck stops here”  TV show.

She said on NDTV that she does NOT like being called BURQA DUTT.   Well madame,  according to Indians , you behave like a Islamophile.  

For you secularism is all about giving TV prime time space to Desh Drohis , Islamic secessionists and Islamic NGO stooges ( who bear false witness in court, funded by Saudi  Wahabi funds). 

This is what Wikipedia has to say about her-

QUOTE:  Barkha Dutt is one of the anchors who do not do any homework for their shows, try to be the only speaker, do not allow show participants to speak, and try to show off their smartness at the expense of guests on their show. 

Dutt is often the target of ridicule on social media. 

On April 7 2011, Barkha Dutt went to Jantar Mantar in New Delhi for live coverage of the events of 2011 Indian anti-corruption movement. Before her live program could begin, Dutt was booed and forced to leave by the protestors, who believed Dutt's presence was "harming the integrity of their movement."



Above video:  Angry crowds   shouting 

at d#lal  journalist Barkha Dutt .

The protestors shouted slogans in Hindi like Barkha Dutt Vapas Jao ("Go back, Barkha Dutt"), Barkha Dutt Ko Jail Mein Dalo ("Put Barkha Dutt in Jail"), and Beiman Patrakar Hai Hai ("Shame on the dishonest journalist") : UNQUOTE

NDTV and CNN IBN take pride for being the most awarded TV channels.  But then , here is the ridiculous part.  These are their own awards, all self conferred--  R controlled awards. 


In 2010 Barkha Dutt was appointed by the W as a member of India's National Integration Council, due to her steady and rabid Ant-Hindu stance.   In India if you are anti-Hindu, you become SECULAR as per the vulgar ideology of the W.  

By this yard stick O#aisi,  T##sta S#talvad ,  J#hn D#yal etc are all secular.  Hindus are branded terrorists for giving back as good as they got.   Rather than unifying India, the NIC divides India every which way.  

Barkha Dutt received the C H Mohammed Koya National Journalism Award in 2009, a Islamic award . 

During a NDTV discussion on Ram Sethu controversy, Barkha Dutt silenced a lady participant opposing the Project, by disdainfully referring to Ramayana as an 'old wife's tale'.   

Below : Bridge built by Vishnu avatar Lord Rama from India to Sri Lanka -- 6300 years ago.



Below video:  Defend this from the perceptive of Congress --  what a disgrace.


NDTV now works in tandem with Tehelka .  Barkha Dutt has a new soul mate Muslim woman journalist by the name of R@na Ayy#b, who looks at everything through Islamic glasses.  This aggressive woman was awarded the Sanskriti award.   
  



Tehelka was accused for using their women staff as prostitutes in sting operations— for which they have issued several vehement official denials .

Tehelka yellow journalism boss T@run T#jpal, attends literary fests ( words of water ) in Israel, along with Am#sh Tr#pathi and D#vdutt P#tnaik.   He is the pet Rottweiler of the W, to fix her political opponents.



Am#sh Tr#pathi is the guy who converted Lord Shiva into a sex starved tribal – a mere mortal.  D#vdutt P#tnaik is the “chief belief officer” of R’s financial holdings and dept store chains in India run by Indian fronts.

############################




This is what Francois Gautier has to say about A#undhati R#y, another of NDTV’s desh drohi favourites , and Pr#nnoy R#y’s cousin. 

Pr#nnoy R#y has a British mother.  His wife R#dhika R#y is sister of Br#nda K#rat , the communist.  




QUOTE --Among the most morbid canards, the novelist Arundhati Roy’s vitriolic article (Outlook magazine, May 6th, 2002). She describes the event which precedes Ehsan Jaffri’s death (extract):

...A mob surrounded the house of former Congress MP Iqbal Ehsan Jaffri. His phone calls to the Director-General of Police, the Police Commissioner, the Chief Secretary, the Additional Chief Secretary (Home) were ignored. The mobile police vans around his house did not intervene. The mob broke into the house. They stripped his daughters and burned them alive. Then they beheaded Ehsan Jaffri and dismembered him…

Wait a minute. Jaffri was burned alive in the house, true — is it not awful enough ? Along with some other 41 people. Not enough ? But his daughters were neither “stripped” nor “burnt alive.” T. A. Jafri, his son, in a front-page interview titled “Nobody knew my father’s house was the target” (Asian Age, May 2nd, Delhi ed.), felt obliged to rectify:

Among my brothers and sisters, I am the only one living in India. And I am the eldest in the family. My sister and brother live in the US. I am 40 years old and I have been born and brought up in Ahmedabad.

There we are, reassured as regards Ehsan Jaffri’s children. He had only one daughter, who was living abroad. No one was raped in the course of this tragedy, and no evidence was given to the police to that effect.

The Gujarat Government sued Outlook magazine. In its May 27th issue, Outlook published an apology to save its face. But in the course of its apology, the magazine’s editors quoted a “clarification” from Roy, who withdrew her lie by planting an even bigger one: the MP’s daughters “were not among the 10 women who were raped and killed in Chamanpura that day”!  From Smita Narula to Arundhati Roy, “four or five girls” had swollen to “ten women,” equally anonymous and elusive. UNQUOTE

This Naxalite lover is being watched by our national security agencies and she knows it too.

############################


Above: She produces fake witnesses in a court of law.  A hardcore muslim wearing a Hindu bindi.

This is what Francois Gautier has to say about another of NDTV and Barkha Dutt favourites.T#ESTA SETALVAD 

Francois Gautier exposes how T#esta Setalvad ‘s NGO paid Gujarat Riot witnesses – Bank Statements. And these paid folks were paraded by Indian media as “genuine” victims all along. What a shame!

http://www.scribd.com/dharmanext/d/75120547-Teesta-Setalvad-s-NGO-paid-Gujarat-Riot-witnesses-Bank-Statements

T#esta Setalvad ‘s NGO paid Gujarat Riot witnesses. Ex-employee of T#esta Setalvad ‘s Citizen for Justice & Peace (CJP), Rais Khan’s Bank Statements.

Not only paying, Teesta and company also tutored witnesses per Francois, in this “The Truth behind Best Bakery case” document proof.

http://www.scribd.com/dharmanext/d/73349980-The-Truth-behind-Best-Bakery-case-how-Teesta-Setalvad-tutored-witnesses

Raiskhan Aziz Khan Pathan an ex-employee of T#esta Setalvad ‘s Citizen for Justice & Peace (CJP) has filed an affidavit on 26th September, 2011 with the Chief Justice of Mumbai High Court for the re-trial of the Best Bakery case.  He has in his affidavit to the Chief Justice narrated the whole sequence of incidents – of how witnesses were brought to Mumbai, kept in Bhindi Bazaar, and tutored by T#esta S#talvad for giving false testimonies in the court. He has also requested the court to direct forensic science labs to do lie detector / polygraph test of himself & T#esta Setalvad to bring the truth before the court.

Then Francois exposes the most serious crime of T#esta Setalvad. Her perjury in the highest court of the country, the Supreme Court.

http://www.scribd.com/dharmanext/d/93780947-Teesta-Setalvad-s-perjury-in-Supreme-Court

Francois presents document that T#esta Setalvad committed perjury by signing Z#heera Shaikh’s affidavit which was filed in the Supreme Court in CRL.M.P. No. 1250-1253/2004

Our WTE ( waitress turned empress ) loves T##sta Setalvad as she puts Gujarat CM Narendra Modi in poor light.  Narendra Modi can upset AKD's ( akkal ka dushman ) dream of securing the PM's chair.

T##sta Setalv#d’s Muslim puppet, orphan Zahira Sheikh was the first to demand a probe into T##sta S#talvad’s post-Gujarat assets. The Muslim residents of Gulbarg Society have sent her a notice demanding that she distribute the funds she collected among the riot victims. Relations have soured to the point that S#talvad failed to attend the memorial service for victims this year.

Former aide Rais Khan Pathan accused her of tampering with witness affidavits when at least six women of Naroda Gam denied before the Supreme Court-appointed Special Investigation Team in 2008 that they were raped during the riots. The witnesses said they did not know this was being said in the affidavits as the documents were in English, a language they were not familiar with.

Rais Khan accused Setalvad’s NGO, Citizens for Justice and Peace, of violating the provisions of the Foreign Contributions Regulations Act regarding receipts of funds from abroad. He demanded cancellation of CJP’s FCRA registration and initiation of criminal proceedings against its trustees.

T##sta Setalvad has been richly rewarded for her FAKE  and tilted activism with a plethora of national and international awards including the Nuremberg Human Rights Award 2003, Parliamentarians for Global Action ‘Defender of Democracy’ Award, jointly with Helen Clark, Prime Minister of New Zealand 2004; M.A. Thomas National Human Rights Award from the Vigil India Movement 2004, Nani A Palkhivala Award 2006, and Padma Shri 2007.

Everybody in India knows about T##sta’s machinations except our respectable judiciary with the Supreme Court at the apex.  For our Queen Bee and foreign funded media,  being anti-Hindu is called secularism. Nothing can change unless and until the ‘Hindus’ in general shake off their lethargy and complacency, and come to assert their legal and moral rights.

We dont need Pak based terrorists, when we have more evil sympathizers at home.


########################################

Barkha Dutt  and NDTV is known to sponsor Ex-Navy Chief Admiral L R#mdas, who is a Magsaysay award winner.  ( Why are most Magsaysay award winners foreign funded ? ) .

Well Admiral  L R#mdas 's daughter is married to a Pakistani.  R#mdas is pro-Kashmiri Independence ( Gen Musharraf calls him SIR) . and pro-Kudankulam nuclear protest.




L#lita R#mdas is the wife of Admiral Laxminarayan  R#mdas.   She was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 , and desh bhakts in India know what this means.   Admiral R#mdas’s  daughter, K#vita R#mdas who is married to a Pakistani Zulfiqar Ahmad.  Mrs. L#lita R#mdas's brother married to a Muslim woman .


  
Daughter K#vita N. Ramdas, is the representative of Ford Foundation, India, Global Agenda Council on India at the World Economic Forum on India 2012.   

The Global Fund for Women, a San Francisco fund keeps her flush with US Dollars for doling out to desh drohi NGO groups.  She is being watched . 

Kavita serves as a trustee of the Rockefeller Brothers Fund ( ex-agent of R ) . She holds a master’s degree in public affairs from R’s opium drug funded Princeton University.






Ex-Chief of Staff Admiral L#xminarayan R#mdas is being watched , by our national security agencies and he knows it too !   Every Navy man knows how Admiral JG Nadkarni VCNS was given a mysterious extension,  just before retirement , how Admiral S Jain ( who belonged to the first batch of NDA –JSW  ) was eliminated from the equation , and how  Admiral L R#mdas got the chair in Dec 1990.  

Admiral Jain is merchant Navy training ship in Bombay, Ex-Dufferin, my own Alma mater.

After Pakistan beheaded our Jawan , Barkha Dutt brought Admiral (Retd.) R#mdas on NDTV to say that Indian forces have beheaded Pakistani soldiers in the past.  Did that happen at sea or on land? – or in your dreams inside the bath tub Admiral R#mdas ?   

R#mdas are you a General or an Admiral or a plain DESH DR0HI ?. 

Is this what is expected out of a past Chief Of Naval forces ?  

Gen. (Retd.) V.P. Malik, former chief of the Indian Army immediately pinned his lie and contradicted him, and said this had never happened.


Every Indian must know that Admiral R#mdas is a desh drohi Magsaysay Award winner in 2004 from F0rd Foundation ( ex-agents of R ) .   

I once recd a rosewood plaque from Admiral L R#mdas on the occasion of National Maritime day at Kochi.



I have thrown it away into the garbage bin.



I feel it is tainted. 


####################














1
Detailed Note mentioned in and attached to the letter dated 06.12.2013 of Sri Ram Jethmalani to Sri P Chidambaram The facts, records and documents which indicate, support, and substantiate prove the above allegations against you are explained in detail herein

A. You have forged, secreted, stole and fabricated official files of the Income Tax Department to suppress and destroy the references to bribery of Rs 5000 crores to you:
 1.

Shri SK Srivastava IRS, Commissioner of Income Tax has been stating and reiterating in his letters and petitions to all authorities [copied to you in every case] since at least the year 2010 onwards that records of the CBDT and its DGIT (Vig) & CVO {Office Note of Ms. Ashima Neb, DDIT (Vig) (Hqrs), F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/ Com/ 113/06, Pages 1-12/N}–particularly pages 1 to 12 referred to as “pages 1-12/N” had explicitly stated that you, P. Chidambaram, when you were the Minister of Finance in the year 2007 like you are now, had received about Rs. 5,000/- crores as bribe and illegal gratification from certain telecom companies. SK Srivastava had mentioned this fact in his 29 different letters and documents in the last three years as tabulated in Annex A. None of the said letters/averments was denied or disputed or controverted by anyone including yourself. 2.

SK Srivastava applied and obtained copies of the files and papers from the ministry of finance certified by the appropriate authority as the true copies of the said files and papers on 25.6.2008 under the RTI Act 2005. The said records brought out the startling facts about the suppression/secreting and/or destruction of the above referred document containing the allegations of bribery against you by conspiracy, collusion and abetment by and between you and the officials who are subordinate to you, as explained hereinafter. 3.

It is evident from the documents obtained under RTI ACT, that the record containing the allegations of bribe against you–namely pages 1-12 of DDIT (Vig) (Hqrs), F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/Com/113/06, Pages 1-12/N–was suppressed and a new record File No F.No DGIT(VIG.)/NZ/Com./36/06(Part) was fabricated and substituted in its place to secret/suppress and/destroy the said record and the fact that the said record is fabricated by substituting other papers from other files to fill the pages from another and totally different file. As evident from the traces of crime which could not be erased, this was how the files/records have been fabricated:


The reference to your taking a bribe of Rs 5000 cr was in pages 1-12 of file F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/Com/113/06, market “Secret”–[hereinafter referred to as File A]. Shorn off the prefixes to the file, the no of this file is 113/06–which indicates that it was the 113
th
 file initiated in the year 2006


This file [F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/Com/113/06, market “Secret”] now contains only from pages 13 onwards with the original pages 1-12 missing–which clearly proves that the first 12 pages of the File A have been suppressed, secreted and/or destroyed;


The first 12 pages have been substituted by taking 12 pages from File No FE No DGIT (VIG.)/NZ/Com./36/06(Part)–[hereinafter referred to as File B]. Shorn off the prefixes to the file, the no of this file is 36/06–which indicates that it was the 36
th
 file initiated in the year 2006.


After the pages 1-12 substituted, the file F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/Com/113/06–marked  “Secret” continues from page 13 onwards;


2


Result, the first 12 pages is marked as F.No DGIT (VIG.)/NZ/Com./36/06(Part) without the word “Secret” [File 36/06] and rest of pages is F.No. DGIT(V)/NZ/Com/ 113/06 [File 113/06] marked “Secret”–something extraordinary and unprecedented. 4.

Whereas the File 113/06, in which 12 vital pages containing reference to the bribe of Rs 5000 cr to you existed, is marked “Secret”, the File B from which the 12 new pages have been taken [namely FE No DGIT (VIG.)/NZ/Com./36/06(Part) is not marked secret – again showing that the Files A and B are totally different files and the vital pages of File A which refer to Rs 5000 cr bribery to you have been secreted, suppressed and/or destroyed and entirely new set of pages have been added. 5.

Again, if File 113/06 were a only file initiated for action initiated against Shri SK Srivastava–purely a service matter–it would never have been marked “Secret”. Since the action proposed against SK Srivastava was linked to the charge of bribery against you, the file 113/06 was marked “Secret”. And later the bribery part [the first 12 pages] had to be removed to save you from being exposed by substituting the 12 pages of file from file no 36/06 not marked secret. That the pages 13 onwards of file 113/06 are marked “Secret” shows that the earlier pages also ought to have been marked “Secret”. Since the fabricated file 113/06 only deals with service matter why should it be marked “Secret” from page 13 onwards and not in pages 1 to 12, the reason ought to be that since file 113/06 contained the bribery charges against you, it was initiated with the mark “Secret” even though it was a service matter and that is why from 13 onwards the word secret appears. 6.

The prima facie forgery and fabrication of file 113/06 by substituting papers from file no 26/06 can be established by evidence. This is because the filing procedure of the government would not allow easy tampering with the files. Any tampering can be discovered as explaining hereunder:


The filing procedures require entry into the file register of the concerned section of the department, the moment a file is opened and a separate and distinct new number is given to each file. So file referred to File 113/06 bears the number 113/06 and File 36/06 bears the number 36/06.


As the number '06' suffixed to both files 113 and 36 indicates that both the files were initiated in the year 2006


It also indicates file no 36/06 being chronologically ahead of file no 113/06, it must have been initiated far ahead of the latter, as between two of them, some 77 files bearing serial numbers 37/06 to 112/06 ought to have been initiated.


Therefore the files 36/06 and 113/06 are not only two independent files, but they have been separated by time gap also.


Accordingly, File Register will establish that the two files are not only independent files but were opened on different dates–file 36/06 first and file no 113/06 later.


Also the word “part” in brackets attached to file no 36/06 shows that the file contained more than one part – which raises the question where are the other parts of that file. Tracing the other parts of the file 36/06 will also be relevant to why pages 1 to 12 have been taken out of that and put in file 113/06


Further, as pages numbering 1 to 11from file 36/06 have been removed from that tile and inserted in file 113/06, papers bearing the same numbers must have been lifted from some other file and inserted in file 36/06 to complete that file and likewise into that some other file, pages 1 to 11 from some other file must have been inserted. This tracing of the substitution of the first 11 pages in file


3
36/06 and backwards will establish collateral fabrication and prove the criminal fabrication of the file 113/06 with papers from file 36/06


Again, a look at page 12 of the file 36/06 attached to the file 113/06 from page 13 onwards shows that the page 12 had not been fully written and almost half the page has been scored out to fill the blank space. [further points] There is therefore intrinsic evidence of tampering with, forging and fabricating files 36/06 and 113/06 and further evidence like File Register and tracing of substitution of first pages in file 36/06 from other files would also establish the charge. 7.

You cannot deny being aware of the suppression, secreting and/or destruction of the first 12 pages of file no 113/06 as your signature appears in both File No 36/06 at page 12/N and in File 113/06 at page No.-44/N 8.

A convoluted, unusual, unbelievable and fraudulent explanation for fabrication of the records by the substitution of the 12 pages of 113/06 by Pages from File 36/06, appears by a noting at the page prior to page 1/N [which is significantly unnumbered and stated as “P+”] and at pages 11/N and 12/N. In the unnumbered page prior to page 1/N, which starts with the File No DGIT/vigil/ NZ/COM/36/06(p+) it reads as under: Quote [in hand writing]

The mail file is already under submission to the Board. Another part file is now under submission to the Secretary (R)  As directed a further note for the consideration (?) and perusal (?) of the secretary (R) has been prepared and put up for kind signature.  A DO letter to Smt Ranjana Kumar, Vigilance Commissioner, enclosing a detailed report (based on the note put up for signature above) with reference to the meeting held with the CVC on 2/6/06 is also placed below for kind signature”
s/d JDIT/Vig/HQ-II on 14.6.06 and further signed by DGIT(Vig) on 14.6.06 It talks of a further note to the Secretary (R)–“further note”. Then there must be an earlier note. Where is that earlier note? In which file? It talks of the main file which is under submission to the board–but does not say which that main file is. And where is the main file. And what is the number of the main file. If this is part file how many more parts are there to this file. But significantly contrary to the above note a DO letter [with a detailed report] to Central Vigilance Commissioner is placed for kind signature, no such letter is referred to in pages 1/N to 12/N which follows the note. At page 11 it is stated at para 22 (c) as under: Quote:
Since Mr SK Srivastava has cast aspersions of bias as well as aspersions on the integrity and conduct of the officers of the Vigilance Directorate, after approval is accorded to the proposals at (a) and (b) above, this may be transferred to either V&I
********************************************************************
RICE VERSUS WHEAT, REVERSE OSMOSIS WATER VERSUS LIVING WATER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

RICE VERSUS WHEAT, REVERSE OSMOSIS WATER VERSUS LIVING WATER, WEIGHT LOSS BY MASSAGE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THIS IS NOT A POST-- BUT A COMMENT RESPONSE TO A READER

Unknown, August 25, 2012 10:58 PM

Greetings to you sir and THANK YOU for the ENLIGHTENMENT that you provide through your blog.

"The Cooking oil" dilemma that has been bothering me for quite a long time and has been cleared.

Sir,  if you could grant me the permission, there are few other doubts in my mind regarding such day to day issues for which I never found a QUANTAM ANSWER all this while.

I shall do so only with your kind permission...

xxx

ReplyDelete


Capt. Ajit VadakayilAugust 25, 2012 11:09 PM

hi ,

go ahead and ask.

capt ajit vadakayil
..

ReplyDelete


UnknownAugust 26, 2012 12:45 AM

Thank you very much sir.

Just like olive oil, canola oil etc the most hyped up WONDER GRAIN/CEREAL – OATS. It is been marketed as a great health food. Rice – our staple food is the WORST FOOD. What is your take on this wonder food

XXXXX

We are settled in the gulf for almost a decade now and the desalinated that is the ONLY source of drinking water here. Is it OK??(Not that I have a choice) . Is it ok to use the tap water for COOKING, I know of many who uses only bottled water for cooking. Is it better to do so. I have been having lot of skin problems from the time I entered gulf, I attribute it to the water here. Am I right ?

I have always wondered about the effect of this on the marine ecosystem. I am sure you are the best person to answer this.

Since you advocate Ayurveda (In its true sense) in most of your blog. What is your take on the multitude of AYURVEDIC products like dhatri ,Indulekha, sree dhariyam, and some massage oils claiming weight loss. Recently there was raids across Kerala on these companies. But I did not know the outcome.

Last but not the least, the chemicals that we use to CLEAN the house like lizol, dettol, harpic etc, Are they really CLEANing , The naïve home makers sometimes makes over use of these things in the name of CLEANING, There was a recent news here in Dubai where a home maker was left scarred for life after the liquid she used to clear a clogged drain burst.

Pardon me for the STUPID question from this “not so bright” reader.


hi XXXX,

Wheat can have a negative effect for people who are sensitive to gluten, a protein found  in wheat. Gluten intolerance, which can induce miraines, brain fog or “not too bright” condition , weight gain and symptoms similar to the irritable bowel syndrome. Try this yourself. Go to your kitchen and put a table sppon of wheat in your mouth. Keep chewing till you get a piece of chewing gum in your mouth. It is very soft, but exactly like chewing gum. This is the culprit. Ingesting gluten leads to irreversible damage of the lining of the small intestine. This results in weakening of the immune system since essential nutrients and vitamins are not absorbed.




Given below are some harmful effects of gluten.
Abdominal Bloating
Abnormal Stools
Calcium Metabolism Disturbance
Constipation
Flatulence—keep farting
Impaired Growth
Intestinal Malabsorption
Iron-Deficiency Anemia
Muscle Wasting
Offensive uggghhh Stools and Subtle Cramps
Poor Appetite or Irritability
Poor Muscle Tone (Hypotonia)
Recurrent Oral Ulcers



Gluten affect Lymph drainage.  

Punjabi and North Indian women know the meaning of urinary infection and uterus fibroids, right?

I will be putting a separate post on Lymphatic system.

Lectins are sugar-binding proteins.  Lectins are naturally produced by wheat plants to protect them against their enemies. Lectin induces obesity. Lectins are resistant to human digestion and they enter the blood unchanged.  


Why do you think all Punjabi women look so attractive at the age of 18, but at the age of 35,  she looks terrible— like a sack of potatoes?.   Punjabi men nowadays eat GM wheat, high in Lectin. Already the effects of Lectin are showing on this sturdy and well built race.  I do hope they understand what I say.



Eat boiled rice with brown spots on the grain. This is fibre.  Half the world eats rice. The other half would have eaten rice if the climate and soil was suitable. Rice gives instant energy, good bowel movement. Rice stabilized  blood sugar levels and providing essential source of vitamin B1 to human body. Other benefits include skin care, resistance to high blood pressure, dysentery and heart diseases.

Don’t listen to the wheat lobby. There is a vested egg lobby too. They will not give high cholestrol eggs to their own children.

You get reverse osmosis purifiers in the market. Make sure they have a built in mineraliser or I would advise you not to buy it. If you drink RO water or even ionised water ( DI water or even distileld water ) , the absence of salt in it makes this movement occur VERY fast, as the body starts to try to reach equilibrium. The salt movement is a bit too fast and has so much force behind it that the cell walls basically explode from the shock, which of course kills the cells. Kill too many of the 100 trillion you have -- you can get internal bleeding. The water in muncipal taps of gulf is produced by reverse osmosis and then chlorination. This is NOT living water, like Ganges water.

Massage oils will NOT give you weight loss.  Real Ayurveda weight loss massage is a 10 day course. Three people will be surface massaging you with coarse nav-dhanya.  A selection of 9 different grains.  It is a abrasive, dry ,non-oily, skin surface massage and the first day, all the hair on your body will get ripped off with the roots and you will burn like mad. I had this lymph drainage massage once-- and it works.

I am sure the drain was clogged with hair and grease. The drain cleaners are mostly strong acid ( like phosphoric acid ) or strong alkali ( like caustic soda )  with some disinfectant. Acids scars skin.   Try and buy biodegradable floor cleaners which used cleaners like citrus (  lime / neemboo ) 
********************************************************************
TYPHOON BOLAVEN VERSUS SUPER TYPHOON BART- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



TYPHOON BOLAVEN 2012  VERSUS  SUPER TYPHOON BART 1999 -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Life is strange--.

13 years ago on  22nd Sept 1999, at 1200 UTC, my ship was just 34 miles off super typhoon Bart at the same area off Okinawa.

My ship , a huge tanker, was getting stripped off most of her hard epoxy paint.  The sea was milky white .

I was tired having not slept for 3 days.

I was upset with my ship owners in London, who tried to remote control my ship , which forced me to tell them to "lay off" in a stronger manner than FO..  

For I had decided NOT to take the beaten track. 

The US naval fleet plus the entire shipping of this area, had scooted 48 hours before, into clear open Pacific seas.

I was supremely confident of myself-- had NO choice-- as my officers and crew were watching every move of mine , and checking me out,  for drop in body language.

And to add to my woes, my ears were paining due to a extremely low barometric pressure of 898 Hpa ( milli bars ) .

Today Typhoon Bolaven ( a less intense Cat 2 )  is doing the honours at the same place-- 

--and here I am watching a soccer match between Arsenal and Stoke city-- 

--well the time here is 1400 UTC on 26th Aug 2012. 

I am sipping a chilled beer, and I can see my wife pottering around , among the aroma of freshly ground spices, and my younger 16 year old son playing X box on the other TV.

My mind started chattering -- I stepped out and had a look from the balcony --  so serene--  so calm -- some girls are splashing around in the swimming pool, below.  

I gulped in some air and got my bearings.

Well I am in the midst of civilization, now-- at home sweet home ! 

13 years ago, I was at sea --  a Captain before a storm, is a lonely man.. ( Bart was the MOST POWERFUL storm ever to be recorded on this planet ).  

This is one time , the buck stops on his table.

When I said 35 miles from super typhoon Bart, you must know that this is NOT normal --

NOBODY EVERY COMES ALIVE OUT OF SUCH A SITUATION--  

NOBODY -- 

AS BART WAS CATEGORY 5.ON THE SAFFIR SIMPSON'S SCALE,  WITH WINDS OF 262 KILOMETERS PER HOUR.

Bart would soon kill more than 30 people and  destroy more than 80000 homes in Japan and cause 4 billion USD in damages. 

The previous record was a category 5 typhoon Vera on Sept 26th 1959 -- less powerful than Bart.

Punch into Google search-- SUPER TYPHOON BART, THE PERFECT STORM- VADAKAYIL,  to see a blow by blow account of what transpired 13 years ago.



Year 2012 is a El Nino year.  West Pacific is gonna be battered by typhoons. Australia will have droughts and forest fires.

Correspondingly the hurricanes in the S Atlantic , Carriebean  bearing towards the East coast of USA will be  less, due to wind shear tearing them up.
  
During El Nino, the waters in the central and eastern Pacific are warmer than normal, and the effects on global weather can be drastic and far-reaching.

You get to see "Super Typhoons" during El Nino years.

The El Nino starts after a pool of hot seawater almost the size of USA, ( more than 15 million square kms ) appears off the west coast of the Americas.  The ocean would heat up right around Christmas time, so fishermen call the phenomenon El Niño, for the Christ Child.

Usually, the wind blows strongly from east to west along the equator in the Pacific. This actually piles up water (about half a meter's worth) in the western part of the Pacific. In the eastern part, deeper water (which is colder than the sun-warmed surface water) gets pulled up from below to replace the water pushed west. So, the normal situation is warm water (about 30 C) in the west, cold (about 22 C) in the east.

In an El Niño, the winds pushing that water around get weaker. As a result, some of the warm water piled up in the west slumps back down to the east, and not as much cold water gets pulled up from below. Both these tend to make the water in the eastern Pacific warmer, which is one of the hallmarks of an El Niño.

But it doesn't stop there. The warmer ocean then affects the winds--it makes the winds weaker! So if the winds get weaker, then the ocean gets warmer, which makes the winds get weaker, which makes the ocean get warmer ... this is called a positive feedback, and is what makes an El Niño grow.

The ocean has a wave called a Rossby wave that is quite unlike the waves you see when you visit the beach. It's more like a distant cousin to a tidal wave. The difference is that a tidal wave goes very quickly, with all the water moving pretty much in the same direction. In a Rossby wave, the upper part of the ocean, say the top 100 meters or so, will be leisurely sliding one way, while the lower part, starting at 100 meters and going on down, will be slowly moving the other way.

After a while they switch directions. Everything happens very slowly and inside the ocean, and you can't even see them on the surface. These things are so slow, they can take months or years to cross the oceans. If you had the patience to sit there while one was going by, you'd hardly notice it; the water would be moving only 1/100th of walking speed. But they are large, hundreds or thousands of kilometers in length (not height! Remember, you can hardly see them on the surface), so they can have an effect on things.

Another wave you rarely hear about is called a Kelvin wave, and it has some characteristics in common with Rossby waves, but is somewhat faster and can only exist close to the equator (say, within about 5 degrees of latitude around the equator). El Ninos often start with a Kelvin wave propagating from the western Pacific over towards South America.

When an El Niño gets going in the middle or eastern part of the Pacific, it creates Rossby waves that drift slowly towards southeast Asia. After several months of travelling, they finally get near the coast and reflect back. The changes in interior ocean temperature that these waves carry with it "cancel out" the original temperature changes that made the El Niño in the first place. A strong El Niño can last a year or more before conditions return to normal.

Punch into google search  EL NINO, A MARINERS OVER VIEW - VADAKAYIL,  to check out my experiences with El Nino.

My thoughts are with the poor sailors who lose their lives every year in stormy seas -- never to be talked about or remembered-- 

-- while if a rich banker in a passenger airplane of the first class section spills beer on himself, as he was inebriated-- 

--nay-- 

-- due to an air pocket,  the event becomes BREAKING news in Time and Newsweek.
********************************************************************
IDEAL VALUES FOR INDIAN TV CHANNELS NDTV AND CNN IBN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



IDEAL VALUES FOR INDIAN TV CHANNELS NDTV AND CNN IBN , SAGARIKA GHOSE -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

( INTEGRITY is more than a core value --as it guarantees other values.)



Our company values are like fingerprints, we leave them all over everything we do.

We are the media.  We are the 4th pillar of a democracy.  We remain frank and free.

We do NOT push a case, even on merit. We report objectively. We do NOT push our personal opinions on the nation. 

We do NOT hold media trials.  The 3rd pillar of judiciary exists for this .

We do NOT use our clout or personal charm to wheel and deal. Rather we do NOT lobby . 

Welcome to the high moral ground where committing a felony even to support and strengthen the company is not a career move . A lobbyist ( like Nira Radia ) dare NOT enter our parlor.

Our company has a conscience . Our clean reputation and absence of deception is our biggest intangible asset which is reflected in our brand equity and not on our balance sheet.

Our ethics are not abstract notions , but practical guides to employees on how to feel, act and behave. Ethical behavior is a habit in our company , not an act.  All employees are part of the ethical fabric .

We support any of our reporters who wants to do the right thing.

Our reporters constantly meet and have seminars to clarify and re-assess our ethics values , as sustaining an ethical culture is a continuous process , without a finish line.

We trust our reporters to do the right thing when confronted with a situation that provides no easy answers.   We don’t have yes-men/ women who will not tell the truth to safeguard their jobs.  

We temper all technical judgments by the need to support and maintain human values. We work in India. We follow the laws of Dharma.  We treat all equally, irrespective of religion, caste and creed.

We do not mis-represent to have petty TRP advantage over our competitors.  

Paid news concept does not exist within our portal -nay- horizons.

We do not dole out annual awards in a deceptive of vested manner. We do NOT hold fake and sham polls by SMS or Internet. We do understand that there are more crows in India than pea-cocks. Our poll result will never show that a crow is more beautiful that a peacock by a mindless poll.

We do not promote our own media house interest at the expense of the dignity of the journalistic profession. 

We obey the law in both letter and spirit. We maintain a safe and healthy working environment.

We do not encourage nepotism, fully aware that blood is a poor substitute for competence. At this juncture we have a benchmark, we will NOT have another Rajdeep Sardesai/ Sagarika Ghose type husband/ wife situation.  There can be no dynasty reporting.

Our mature ethics programs have reduced voluminous codes of conduct to just a few sub core values like fairness, integrity, transparency, respect , tolerance for culture, responsibility, spirit of inclusion etc.

Spirit of inclusion is NOT extended to desh drohis, separatists and secessionists.  

Read the above sentence thrice. 


When we make a mistake we apologize to the nation on prime time.

We don’t see the need to be politically correct as we do NOT contest elections. 

We do NOT air petty  activism on over drive.  National issues are more important than several LIVE hours on “candle light vigils “ . We are a nation of 1300 million.  This means there will be 100 times more incidents than a nation of 13 million.  

For us an issue of mis-carriage of justice is more important..

We do NOT have political party affiliations. We don’t see ourselves as king makers. 


We understand the principles of — truthfulness, accuracy, objectivity, impartiality, fairness and public accountability — as these are meant for dissemination to the public, who have a specific culture.

The only time we may chose NOT to air the naked truth is on the principle of "limitation of harm." .  We do NOT expose the names of minor children, crime victims' names or information not materially related to particular news reports release of which might harm someone's reputation,.

We understand that reporting the truth is never libel , and defamation , which makes accuracy indeed very important.

We are sensitive when seeking or using interviews or photographs of those affected by mindless tragedy or grief.

Pursuit of the news is not a unlimited license for arrogance and swagger.

We understand the meaning of good taste. We avoid pandering to lurid curiosity.

Our ethics champion is no lesser than the MD himself , with a moral barometer and an ethics radar to do continuous ethical climate assessment.



We do NOT believe in sensationalism, the way a pea brained woman reporter ( with a Kashmiri separatist husband ) of a TV channel gave continuous live feed to the Pakistani handlers of the attackers of Taj Hotel in Mumbai.

We expose anti-nationals, desh drohis and criminals. We do NOT lower the morale of the Indian army,  nor will we air the chinks in our motherland's security.



We do NOT allow foreign money of our patron owners, to damage our national interests, by moulding India’s foreign policy and internal economy decisions.  





This is when we stop being global, and we tell our foreign masters and "big brothers" where exactly to shove their fuc#in' money and their sham annual awards !.  

For we do NOT sell out our motherland-  come what may- hell or highwater.

JAI HIND.



End of piece.


Point to ponder:   

When was the last time any foreign funded TV or media did a critical piece on “ unaccountable “  Sonia Gandhi or Rahul Gandhi.  

Is questioning them blasphemy?    



When a queen bee , (who had her stooges MMS/PP on PM/ President’s chair)  is remote controlling this nation-- ( Clarification: PP does not mean Puran poli, it stands for Pratibha Patil )

-- with her chamcha inner coterie who is more loyal to her than the nation , why is she exempt from scrutiny?

Sonia and her stooges has conveniently forgotten the larger Sikh genocide ( Rajiv Gandhi's immature statement: When a giant tree falls it is normal for the ground to shake ),  yet they must talk about Godhra riots, every day.






Ex-President Abdul Kalam has written in his auto-biography that he would have had NO choice if Sonia ( with 100% pure Italian DNA ) had not withdrawn her name from being PM.    Why did Sonia Gandhi withdraw her name , at the last minute? --  and then pretend to be Joan of Arc , as if she made a huge sacrifice-- causing all tearful  sycophants to beat on their collective chests?  

 BJP leader Sushma Swaraj threatened 

to shave off her own head and enter 

parliament 

--and that would have woken up India.  

She did NOT threaten to boycott parliament ( as seen today over coalgate) , or to push a no-confidence-vote ( remember the cash for vote  and currency notes in parliament ) — as we all know what this lawful exercise is worth.



If you have been watching these TV channels -- just recollect how many hours of prime time was devoted to SELL,  the Bollywood movie , Ek Tha Tiger in the last 10 days.  The main news anchors went GA GA and drooled from the mouth while talking to Katrina Kaif and Salman Khan .  Does this happen any where else on this planet?

If you check out the inordinate air time NDTV and CNN-IBN channels have spent in Narendra Modi bashing, over the past 4 years , you will get to know what these channels are worth.   Every opinion poll conducted by these channels are a SHAM.  No wonder Sonia Gandhi makes sure these two channels get all the TV awards every year.

Who cares for these TV channels and their fake awards, any way.  This duo did NOT find it necessary to air that a Muslim MP Asaduddin Owaisi from  Hyderabad, used the safety net of Parliament, to give out a 3rd wave Jehad call. It surely tranlsated into the Azad maidan riots.

I suggest they do NOT over do the sedition bit-- people are watching.  Elected governments come crashing down, the way Indira Gandhi found out the hard way in 1977.

And now about Sagarika Ghose, the wife of Rajdeep Sardesai.   First see the way Ram Jethmalani gets  upset with her IQ- watch the video below. 




I once saw her interview with Amartya Sen, as it was the most daft interview I have even seen in my life.

Sagarika Ghose is called "Pagalika" , "Cacofonika" , MTvesslika" etc on the Internet.

She really need to gets her ears cleaned with Hydrogen Peroxide, as I seriously suspect Sagarika Ghose keeps her decibel level high, to hear her own voice.

When she bashes Hinduism her patron in USA , Zionist CNN gets very happy. 

She once told that "Indian men are ugly!"--

Oh yeah baby? --  I have been sailing around the world for 4 decades, I guess I know more about this subject than you.  Maybe you have been meeting all the wrong men.

She also plays KINGMAKER--example--

Sagarika Ghose to fellow Bong Amartya Sen :  Would you like to be president of India one day? 

Dont lose heart Sagarika, you are miles ahead of the worst journalist Bak Bak Barkha Dutt -- who is hated by India..  Bak Bak cant even pole dance.

In December 2011 . BJP MP Ram Jethmalani thundered: “Power corrupts but the prospect of losing power corrupts absolutely!”  Indira Gandhi did played her hand in 1975 and fell on her face in 1977, Sonia Gandhi and her cronies who are more loyal to her ,than India are muzzling the internet. Who knows what will happen in 2014.


Both CNN-IBN and NDTV are owned by Turner broadcasting, a subsidiary of Time Warner, the world’s largest media conglomerate ( assets 75 billion ) owned by Zionists.

When Peter Roebuck the English/ Aussie cricketing journalist, a notorious gay pedophile, was reported by these channels as “found dead in his hotel room in South Africa”,  I immediately went into the Internet and I could see his bloody remains being scrapped off the hotel grounds . If Peter was a Indian Muslim, the report would be “ jumped off the hotel balcony naked , when police with a warrant tried to arrest him”.

Any hard hitting TRUTH on the Internet is branded as HATE by the vested foreign funded main stream media.  It is the foreign funded Indian TV and media who is propagating the case of Internet censorship, being egged on by the UPA. 

Is telling the truth to protect the nation's security , against the Indian constitution?  To hell with the security of the motherland,  protecting the "reputation" of Italian Madame and winning the next 2014 election, at all costs,  is the clarion call.



There was NO Internet in 1975 during the Emergency.  Fearing that RSS will use their vast cadre to oppose censorship Indira Gandhi had banned RSS and jailed all its leaders.


SMS, MMS messages are the ostensible reason for fanning of the NE riots .  Here is the morbid coup de grace “ If UPA is voted to power in 2014, Sonia Gandhi will give all poor Indians new mobile phones”. Such inconvenient truth queries will come only on the Internet--never the TV and media.



HI ARNAB GOSWAMI-- HERE IS THE "INDIAN PEOPLES AWARD" FOR YOU AND YOUR TIMESNOW TEAM FOR THE YEAR 2012.   TO HELL WITH THE ENBA AND OTHER SHAM AWARDS.  DONT LET US DOWN

But Arnab, you need to stop being in LOVE with your own voice--and you need to glean who is a desh bhakt and who is a desh drohi.  Only with Raj Thackrey, you stopped interrupting, as you usually do. 



Next time check out the pre-poll BULLSHIT predictions of spin doctor Pranoy Roy of NDTV .  He will talk about percentages till he froths from his mouth.   But he will never tell you if he conducted a opinion poll of 20 people ( of his choice ) or 10 lakhs.  And even when he says , we asked 30000 people who is the most beautiful actress, and ## % said it is Hema Malini, dont believe his bull. 

India's Joseph Goebbels at his very slimy best.




Pranoy Roy and Rajdeep Sardesai--  we Indians are free. We do NOT appreciate your closed ended questions and polls?  Why do you ask, greatest Indian after Mahatma Gandhi?  Who told you to decide for us that Gandhiji is the greatest?--  Rothschilds ?







 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
AIADMK, DMK MISPLACED SUPPORT FOR LTTE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE JOSHUA CONSPIRACY , NAXAL RED CORRIDOR, INDIAN NE INSURGENCY AND LTTE -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Speaking in rare unison, Chief Minister Jayalalithaa ( AIDMK ) ,and K.Karunanidhi  UPA Central Govt member (DMK ) and almost all other parties in Tamil Nadu on Tuesday condemned the Centre's stand on continued training of Sri Lankan military, castigating government for "insensitivity" and accusing it of hurting Tamils. 

They demanded that Sri Lankan military personnel undergoing training at Defence Services College in Wellington in the state be sent back to their country. 


Today, in the Rajya Sabha, on instruction from Karunanidhi, DMK members moved to the aisles carrying banners that read ‘Stop Training Sri Lankan Army’ the moment Chairman Hamid Ansari called the House to order.  “Please don’t do that…no banners please,” Ansari pleaded with DMK members.

I am sorry to say, that none of them know exactly what happened in LTTE, when Col Karuna made a high profile exit in 2004, and broke ranks with Prabhakaran.  He headed his own band and killed a big percentage of Prabhakaran;s LTTE band in a sustained bloody campaign.



Col Karuna or Vinayagamurthy Muralitharan , was the No 2 man in LTTE.  

He was the bravest and most trusted soldier in LTTE.  Prabhakaran rarely came in front in any battle.  It was Col Karuna who shed his blood every time.

Why did Col Karuna break away from LTTE?



Are we waiting for him to write a autobiography book?

Or are we waiting for him to come on TV and have a heart to heart, with you.  That is NOT gonna happen, as Karuna is now VP of Sri Lanka Freedom Party.   He has left blood shed far behind, with his honour still intact. 

Never mind the spin on him, by the spin doctors. 

Probably many in Sri Lanka can answer the following questions:--

1) When did Hindu Prabhakaran change his religion to Christianity and change his name too to Bro Pirbakaran ?

2) What was the percentage on Hindus in LTTE when the stuggle first started?  What was the percentage of Hindus and Christians , in LTTE the day Bro Pirbakaran was ambushed and killed?

3) Did the LTTE have ties to the Church and Foreign funded NGO Christian Missionaries in India and Sri Lanka?

4) What was the new religion of Hindu born LTTE leaders Prabhakaran, S.P. Tamil Selvam, Balraj (Balasegaram Kandiah), Pottu Amman , Prabhakaran’s son, Anton Balasingham, Soosai (Thillaiyampalam Sivanesan) and the other big guns, when Col Karuna left ?

5) Was cremation banned in LTTE?

6) What was the new religion of Dhanu ( the suicide bomber ) or Tenmozhi Rajaratnam?

7) Was there a sustained campaign of de-sanskritisation of Hindu names  in LTTE ranks? 

8) What was the percentage of Hindus in Col Karuna's break way army, and Christians Prabhakaran's main LTTE army?

9) From where was Prabhakaran getting his arms and funds?  How many million dollars came from Norway and Erik Solheim alone? Was there a rider clause as repayment?

10)Why was a wedge driven between peacefully co-existing Hindus and Buddhists?  Who drove this?

11) How many new churches came up in LTTE controlled area ? How many temple were destroyed and neglected during this time?

12) Why is the Sri Lankan Tamil refugee diaspora’s strength maximum in Christian countries like Canada (450,000), UK (320,000), France (120,000) Germany (75,000), Australia (58,000), US (38,000) and Italy (27,000).  And why are they not interested in peace?  How many of these are Christians?

13) Why has LTTE never been branded as a Hindu terrorist outfit by Buddhists? Why is the Church and USA so upset that Sri Lanka has decided to ban forcible conversions to Christianity by evangelists.

14) Why could Prabhakaran be easily accessed by Christian missionaries, at all times ?

14) What was the reason behind Rajiv Gandhi's murder?  This you will NOT believe unless you watch Col Karuna's lips.  Probably he will also tell how many Hindu children were selectively used in the suicide squads and used as human shields . 

15) Why is it that LTTE in the later years exempted Christian Sinhalese, and Churches were safe houses in many areas?

16) What was the religion of the first Tamil separatist leader Velupillai Chelvanayakam?

17) Why did Prabhakaran choose Christmas eve to offer ceasefire in 2001? --and why did Karuna choose Easter day ( April 11th 2004 ) to escape to Colomboa with his trusted confidants?

18) When Karura broke off with Prabhakaran why did the truce makers all Christians all trip over each other --starting off with British Commissioner Evans, to Norwegian Solheim, to Bishop of Batticoala to dozens of Christian missionary NGOs?

19) After the Tsunami, on 26th Dec 2006, in the confusion -- who of LTTE was smuggled out of  Sri Lanka in Catholic priests dress to Maldives and then to Norway?

20) Tamil Ealem Radio or Radio Veritas is owned by which Bishop's conference?

I had some sympathy for LTTE, but after the assassination of Mr. Rajiv Gandhi, I have lost all vestige of it. Rajiv Gandhi did NOT deserve to die the way he did. 



PLO leader Yasser Arafat, through his Ambassador in Delhi, Khalid El Sheikh told that LTTE  is planning to kill Rajiv Gandhi during his election campaign . Sheikh had met Rajiv on March 13, 1991.  A week later he called on the Congress President with a letter from Arafat.  And a fortnight before the assassination, he called on Rajiv yet again.  Arafat provided details of the conspiracy to Chandrasekar when he attended Rajiv's funeral.  Then Foreign Secretary Muchkund Dubey, was also sent to see Arafat separately.  In this June 1991 meeting Arafat confirmed the international conspiracy.  William Carry, who headed a US Senate Sub-Committee to probe into the BCCI bank scam, had told that $ 84 million was transferred to the LTTE from their accounts.  Carry categorically said that the money was used for the Rajiv Gandhi assassination.  Senate investigations also revealed that Mossad, CIA and LTTE had accounts in the BCCI.

The Head of LTTE’s Military Intelligence “Colonel” Shanmuganathan Ravishankar was renamed “Charles”.
The first Black Tiger, Vallipuram Vasanthan was christened Captain “Miller”.
The Amparai district LTTE Economic Division Head became “Henry”.
The LTTE spokesperson, Rasiah Ilanthariyan became “Marshall”.
The commander of LTTE’s Vinothan brigade was renamed "Jim Kelly", and another LTTE commander was renamed “Robert”.
The LTTE delegate to the Thimpu talks, Sivakumaran became “Anton”



Prabhakaran the pawn on the Sri Lankan chessboard was counting on,  getting support from London, Norway and Paris till the last day of his life! 

There is a chess board in the NE of India right now.  All must know that the foreign funded Christian missionaries have armed the separatists.  

It is high time we stop blaming China and Pakistan for our foreign funded Christian Missionary NGO aided  troubles in NE and the Naxalite red corridor .  

The NE is a toe hold against China and Sri Lanka is a toe hold against India, for the Christian West. A small toe hold is all that is required to decimate a nation by subversion ( Remember Libya, Syria? ).

YSR is responsible for the huge red chunk in Andhra below.  Most of the armed Andhra Naxalites are converted Christians.



Just find out the Christian population percentage 20 years ago and as of today--in these areas. See who has the guns? Where did they get it from?   



Some foreign funded TVs have gone on overdrive suggesting that our army jawans sold it.  Sorry, no matter how much you brainwash, it does NOT hold water.

So much for our pseudo secularists . 

How many of you know what the JOSHUA CONSPIRACY means?  How many of you know that the RED corridor tribal areas, Indian NE areas , Sri Lanka are all part of this heavily funded Joshua Project? 

Do you know how much money President Bush gave this Joshua programme?

-- let me tell you-- 20 Billion in those days of yonder, which is now worth 40 billion !

Are we still gonna shout from the rooftops that Pakistan and China are responsible for conversion of Hindu tribals in Andhra Pradesh and NE to Christianity and giving them guns? 

-- or it was a well guarded programme of Vatican via our own Indian Government ?

 

YSR see picture below was used as a Joshua Project stooge.  YSR was Sonia Gandhi's favourite CM.  He made two trips to Jerusalem.



YSR increased the percentage of Christians from 9% to 20% in 5 years flat.

YSR did his Joshua project part. Hindu taxpayers of Andhra Pradesh, funded Christian weddings, with Rs 15,000 being gifted to each couple. YSR has handed over the distribution of mid-day meals meant for government school students to Christian bodies and Christian missionary NGOs, who make the small children recite ' Yesu nama ' before giving them the food. 

There has never been a CM in India , who was single mindledly involved in religious conversions . YSR was Sonia Gandhi's favourite CM, just because he was Christian. And YSR was doing a damn good job in Hindu to Christian conversions. 

Never mind that YSR was Protestant and Sonia was Roman Catholic. She allowed YSR to give tickets to his own servile Congress MPs.  Nobody dared cross YSRs' path, leave alone cross swords with him. 

The AP Assembly passed a resolution for SC status for Christian SC converts. YSR a fanatic Christian with a Hindu name did everything possible to destroy the sanctity of Tirumala hills and had plans to build a Christian cathedral in ALL seven Tirumala hills and to destroy the sanctity of Lord Balaji and Tirupati temple using various dirty tricks and using paid agents of Catholic churches.

Below video shows YSR's evangelist son in law Brother Anil Kumar, who did mass conversions on behalf of YSR and the Joshua Project.



YSR planned along with Christian missionary funded NGOs to destroy Tirupati by putting his Christian half brother as its chairman. A man who has no faith in the Lord was been appointed as Chairman of the TTD Board.  His helicopter crash could be divine retribution.

In the video below evangelist con-man Brother Anil Kumar , shows a huge Andhra converted audience how he controls mother nature. This is all part of the Joshua plan--tricking poor tribals . See the dumb audience gaping at him in awe , when he said he stopped the rain at 0629 hrs-- nay--0630 hrs.





Joshua Project was started seeing the astounding success of Mother Theresa.   Mother Theresa was adored by the Vatican as she did more than anybody else in this century to convert Indian Hindus to Christianity. 

Punch into Google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL - VADAKAYIL.   Jim Howey was the lawyer of Mother Theresa.

Be shocked.!


In November 1995, there was a meeting in Colorado Sprints, USA, where Christian church leaders from 77 countries met to chalk out a programme to evangelise the whole world. The project was named 'Joshua 2000'.  India with millions of tribals was on the top of the list.  It was written in the agenda that 900,000 churches must be built in India by 2011.  Vast amount of funds would be made available from abroad via foreign funded Christian missionary NGOs. 

It was the Joshua Projects propaganda to blame Hindus whenever any violence took place. They targeted RSS and called it a "terrorist organisation". 

False stories were planted about Indian gods calling them sexual perverts. Why don't you read Amish Tripathi's Shiva Trilogy. Have you ever seen such marketing blitzkrieg before for a book? 

And now we have Chetan Bhagat giving us watered down versions of Ayn Rand's selfishness and John Galt. He keeps giving unsolicited advise on what India must do to progress as a country.

Sonia Gandhi has used our own secular laws to screw India and Hindus. Believe me when I say, it is NOT about Hindus.  

It is about not allowing India to overtake USA as a superpower by 2035.
Below video will show you , how many conflicts and where, at places Christianity took root.

Readers - you must look at this from the National security prism, NOT as a religious bigot --  it is not about my religion can do NO wrong, and even if it does, so what?






Putin has clamped down on anti-national activities by Western Trojan horses. Under the new Russian law, any material foreign funded NGO groups distributed would have to come with a warning that it was written by a foreign agent, and organizations would have to file detailed quarterly financial reports. 

Failure to comply would bring fines of up to 5,000 rubles ($155 USD) for members, 50,000 rubles ($1,550 USD ) for the heads of these organizations and up to 1 million rubles ($31,100 USD) for the organizations themselves. Anyone who continued to participate in organizations that violated the rules could be fined up to 300,000 rubles ($9,400 USD ) or sent to prison for two years. 

Most foreign funded NGOs in Russia have said they will comply with the law if it is passed, although they worry that such intensive bookkeeping will slow them down.

The Kudankulam nuclear protests have the support of LTTE.







We all know what Vaiko is up to   --above 

He is originally a Telugu Naidu . He is now a converted Christian speaking Tamil . See his pictures in LTTE uniform with Prabhakaran ( the man who killed the Indian PM Rajiv Gandhi ) and with US president Obama .  

What is the catch?


Above video, released by Sri Lankan Govt. Vaiko with Prabhakaran.

Dhanu alias Gayatri, was Sivarasan’s cousin.  Shubha or Shalini, who carries a reward of Rs.5 lakh, was also Sivarasan’s cousin.  Dhanu has only one sister, who lives in France . All these people are converted Christians.  

J Ranganathan confessed that it was based on request by Margret Alva that he gave his house at Bangalore for rent to Sivarasan.  

When Prabhakaran was staying in Hotel Ashoka at Delhi, Vaiko said at that time he was first an LTTE, then a Tamilian and then an Indian..

Many innocent people and police died along with Rajiv Gandhi.  But nothing happened to any of the congress party members not even a minor injury.

Nobody holds a UNSCHEDULED ( by TNCC ) public meeting a midnight.

Just one hour before Rajiv Gandhi was blown up,  he said that CIA killed the Pakistan president Zia-ul-Haq.  


The poor Tamilian.MGR was Malayali,  Jaya is Kannadiga ( she insists that she is Tamilian as her mother Sandhya was a Tamil actress ) ,  Rajneekanth is Marathi,  Khushboo baby is Punjabi,  Prabhakaran is Malayali,  Vaiko is Telugu.  I do hope they remember their own heroes like Annadurai and Kamaraj.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
ONAM 2012- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ONAM 2012 IN PICTURES

ONASHAMSAKAL


Onam knows NO religion, language , caste, creed, sex, age, political leanings, financial status, or any other barriers. It is a unique festival-- the No 1 festival of Kerala-- at harvest time.



Above: This is the flower carpet ( pookalam )  in my home this year!  This creation of fresh flowers  is done by the whole family,  and it indicates family dynamics.



Competitions are held all over Kerala--and the carpet could get so grand!  It is a 10 day harvest festival-- nay-- carnival, with the grand finale on the last day Thiruonam.



Today is the day, we feast ( Onasadhya ) and wear new clothes.  The green thing is a banana plant leaf.



If any Malayali does NOT know this poem, he is a pseudo Malayali.   It praises Asura King Mahabali who ruled Kerala.  The people adored him.  The gods felt jealous.



Lord Vishnu came in Vamana ( midget brahmin ) avatar and drove him into the ground.  He just asked for 3 paces of land. The king could give only two, and since he respected his grant, told Vishnu to place his last step on his head.




Lord Vishnu took on his mighty form,and with two steps crossed over the cosmos. He drove King Mahabali into the ground with his third step.



Vamana avatar was the 5th avatar of Vishnu, after Narasimha and before Parashurama.



On Onam day we welcome King Mahabali, the flower carpet if for him to sit on-- every house has it. People visit temples .



All wear traditional dresses.


We have fun.




It is a time to dance and be merry, and reminisce.



People pray that such prosperity should come back-- yet the whole thing is more about GRATITUDE than greed.



We in Kerala are proud of our culture and heritage, the oldest culture on this planet--  the land of Ayurveda




-- and our beautiful fertile land,  the most beautiful land on this planet.




This is who we are!
********************************************************************
YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


YOGA AND AYURVEDIC MASSAGE FOR DRAINING LYMPH NODES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This will be one of the most valuable posts on the internet about human health !  Health is wealth!!

The western world of medicine and surgery, has come to know about the human body's lymph node system only 60 years ago.

The Greeks Hippicratus, Ruphus and Hirphilos  came to know of the lymph nodes system from the Ayurvedic texts of India  , 2000 years ago.   You must understand that Ayurveda is 6000 years old.

The Ayurvedic massage for Lymph node drainage is amazingly scientific, using nav-dhanya dry powder. Nav Dhanya is 9 different grades of grain and pulses , having different scales of hardness and size.

When I wrote my post SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION- VADAKAYIL, I deliberately left out the physical aspect of Surya Namaskar.

I just referred to the blog statistics and have found out that my post SURYA NAMASKAR was downloaded 36278 times in a little under 10 months.  This could be a world record for a single post on an exercise.

Now I will talk about the physical YOGA aspect of Surya Namaskar. You will be amazed that this intricate and vast knowledge  is available in our Ayurveda books.

Yoga is NOT about twisting yourself like a pretzel to stretch and limber up. It had the amazing capability to boost your immunity to almost all diseases, and to help you to recover fast from existing ones. This works like magic, as it has everything to do with your body's lymph system.

Now let me digress-

Two years ago, I came back home on leave after a particularly torturous flight pattern from South America when I could NOT keep my legs up for nearly 2 days. I had difficulty in removing my boots when i reached home.



The next morning I found that both my legs were swollen , edema , as it is popularly known. At the first glance it looked like a simple case of lymph drainage problem. In which case I had to take care of it from a Lymph angle.When you sit still for a long time without moving, the lymph can't flow easily -- this is why you may experience swollen feet
  
Since I am not the type who jumps the gun, I waited for another 4 days. Gave my legs enough time to be rested at a high place with respect to my heart. The swelling was still the same. My wife got worried about my kidneys, as the kidney department beds of all Kerala hospitals are full, since the past 10 years .

So I told my wife, just show me the salt packet she used in cooking. It was a famous brand of Iodized salt. I just dumped the whole thing into the garbage and told my wife " let us go to the supermarket.  We need to buy "natural unrefined sea salt".  Never mind the spin of the manufacturers of this Iodized salt brand ".

I never got swollen feet after that. When there is too much Iodine in the body it upsets the Lymphatic system.

Main stream science and medicine has NOT caught up yet with the Lymphatic system. A good Lymph doctor can have one look at you, and tell you what is wrong with you. This science is so exact.

It is a shame to see middle aged women suffering from excessive bleeding, cramps and PMS.  In the West , due to the type of food they eat, women suffer needlessly from breast tumours and cancer. This category must pay special attention to this post. They have help in the form of an Ayurvedic Lymph drainage massage.

You will NOT appreciate the meaning of such a weird massage, unless you know the basics. Unfortunately your science books in school almost ignored this subject.

The lymphatic system in your body is a series of connected nodes, ducts and organs that play a vital part in your immune system.




The human arteries are like a two-lane highway bringing nutrients, oxygen and fluid to the body part. The vein is a one-lane highway taking away the used blood, and the lymphatic channels are the other one-lane highway draining away the lymph fluid. 

Two lanes in together, but two out lanes separate out. Blood is responsible for collecting and distributing oxygen, nutrients and hormones to the entire body where lymph is responsible for collecting and removing waste products left behind in the tissues. Plasma leaks out of the capillaries to surround and bathe the body tissues. This then drains into the lymph vessels.

The circulatory system processes an average of 20 liters of blood per day.  Roughly 17 liters per day of that gets reabsorbed directly into the blood vessels. The primary function of the lymph system is to provide an accessory route for these excess 3 liters per day to get returned to the blood. 

So colourless lymph is essentially recycled blood plasma. The biggest lymph vessel is the thoracic duct, which empties back into the blood circulation.  At the cellular level, the lymphatic system is a pathway through which fluid flows from the intercellular spaces into the blood.





The lymphatic system has vessels just like our circulatory system, but does not have a pump like the heart for the circulatory system . In order to clear the “lymph” (the clear extracellular fluid that is collected by the lymphatic vessels and filtered by the lymph nodes), the lymphatic system must be pumped manually.

Lymph is a clear fluid that travels through your body's arteries, circulates through your tissues to cleanse them and keep them firm, and then drains away through the separate lymphatic system.

Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.



Each cell is nourished by the nutrients, oxygen and proteins that flow across the walls of capillaries into the interstitial fluid. There is a dynamic balance between the forces that help those nutrients to first exit the capillaries, and then get reabsorbed back into the blood stream.

Proteins play a big part in this transfer because they have a tendency to draw water to themselves. This means that the proper amounts of protein on both sides of the capillary wall are vital to keep the tissues balanced. If there are too many proteins within the interstitial spaces, fluid will start to accumulate, causing edema. The lymph system’s role of removing proteins is vital to keeping edema down. If the lymph system becomes sluggish, edema can develop. This type of edema is called lymphostatic edema- or a high protein edema.

Other causes of edema can be a chemical imbalance in the body caused by liver disease, diabetes, or a variety of other ailments. This type of edema is called lymphodynamic edema, and requires other forms of therapy due to the fact that it is a chemical imbalance.

Below picture-- western women , can avoid breast cancer and tumors by knowing the nodes . and which way to massage. They wear tight bras, which restrict drainage.  Breast is loose flesh without skeletal ligaments and muscle , and hence cannot drain properly .


The lymphatic system, because of its physical proximity to many tissues of the body, is responsible for carrying cancerous cells between the various parts of the body in a process called metastasis. The intervening lymph nodes can trap the cancer cells. If they are not successful in destroying the cancer cells the nodes may become sites of secondary tumors.

Lymphatic blockages can result in a swelling at the lymphatic node junctions. This condition results in providing a breeding ground for viruses and pathogenic material.  The lymph system acts as a reservoir of infection, churning out billions of infected immune-system cells that eventually spill into the blood stream, where they travel to other parts of the body.  Up to to ten times as much virus may reside in the lymph system as in the blood.



Since there is no pump, the lymph movement relies on contraction of smooth muscle tissue lining the walls of lymph vessels. Movement of skeletal muscles is also important for driving lymph along the systems network of vessels to lymph nodes and from these to lymph ducts where the lymph tissue joins cardiovascular circulation. This is what the scientifically formulated Yoga positions do.

So lymph is basically the fluid and protein ( plasma ) that has been squeezed out of the blood. The lymph is drained from the tissue in microscopic blind-ended vessels called lymph capillaries. Lymphedema is the swelling caused by the accumulation of lymph fluid, which may occur if the lymphatic system is damaged or has malformations.  Enlarged lymph nodes may be caused by lack of sleep, imbalance and irregular meals, long-hour standing or seating, improper gestures, etc.



Lymph vessels run through the body in much the same way blood vessels do. The capillaries of the circulatory system leak the plasma and nutrients into the tissues of the body to feed the individual cells. Most of that fluid is not returned to the circulatory system, but rather stays in between the tissue layers as interstitial fluid. 

This fluid is filtered into the lymph vessels and travels back toward the heart where it will be returned to the circulatory system. When the interstitial fluid enters the lymphatic system the fluid is called lymph. Lymph nodes lie in specific locations along the lymphatic vessels and perform vital functions for the body's immune system.


6000 years ago, Ayurveda and Yoga  realized that many lymph nodes are situated near the region around the joints. Humans have approximately 500-700 lymph nodes distributed throughout the body, with clusters found in the underarms, groin, neck, chest, and abdomen. 

All lymph vessels lead to lymph nodes. Lymph nodes can be as small as the head of a pin, or as big as an olive . Half of the lymph nodes in the body, are  located in the abdomen, and many are in the neck.




The movements of the limbs help to act as a pump to move the lymph through the system. They are located in clusters around the knee, groin, elbows, shoulders and neck. Lymph nodes are also found in the central abdominal and chest area to assist with lymph drainage around the vital organs. 

Every Yoga movement take this into account. This is why Yoga must not be self inflicted.  Because the lymph doesn't have a heart to pump it so good circulation of the lymphatic system depends on getting proper stretching exercise and yogic inverted postures which use gravity.

Human lymph nodes are bean-shaped and range in size from a few millimeters to about 1–2 cm in their normal state.

Lymph nodes can become swollen for several reasons. When an infection invades the body, more white blood cells can flood into the lymph nodes to fight the antigen. If there is inflammation in the area of the lymph node, the inflamed cells can enter the node and cause it to swell.  

Malignant cancer cells can infiltrate the node, causing it to expand.  Lymphoma and leukemia also can lead to swollen nodes, caused by the multiplication of cancerous lymphocytes.




Fats are evacuated through lymphatic vessels. These vessels are located in virtually every area of the body where fats may accumulate. The functioning of the immune system is stimulated through increased lymph flow. 

The additional flow carries more antigens to the lymph nodes, thereby increasing antibody/antigen contact. This has been found to help with chronic or subacute inflammatory processes -- chronic fatigue syndrome, autoimmune disease, bronchitis, sinusitis, amygdalitis, tonsillitis, laryngitis, arthritis, acne and eczema.

When the lymphatic system becomes blocked or begins working slowly then it effects all of the body. All of the toxins that your body will normally throw away will then be soaked into other organs and can cause other harmful health conditions, including obesity.



Fats in dairy, hydrogenated vegetable fats and fatty meats can slow the flow of the lymphatic waste system forcing the body to absorb these fats and toxins resulting in obesity, cellulite and disease.

The Ayurvedic lymphatic drainage massage works with the filtering and cleaning of the lymph nodes, starting at the arms and legs and moving towards the lymph nodes.  The lymph nodes are gently stimulated, encouraging them to discharge their contents throughout the lymphatic network, facilitating the removal of lymphatic waste from the body.

Ayurvedic Lymphatic drainage massage is a therapeutic massage treatment. The massage uses very light pressure and long, gentle, rhythmic strokes to increase lymphatic flow, with the aim of getting rid of toxins in your body. The amazing paradox is that such a superficial massage technique targetting just under the skin has such a deep impact. 

Lymphatic drainage massage must take place in a warm room, as warmth is an important factor in increasing lymphatic flow. 

The lymph flow has to go towards the heart.  When I did my lymph drainage Ayurvedic massage, the routine was one hour daily for 10 days.  Three people labored on me with nav dhanya - 9 different types of broken grains and pulses of different hardness and sizes.. 

The shallow abrasive dry grain massage causes the outer layer of skin slough off.  Initially you feel as if sand is being rubbed on the skin. It uproots all the body , arm , leg , hair too, as the long superficial stroke is mostly against the lay if the hair. If you do NOT use dry grain powder, you have to use a brush with bristles. 

The day you go for the massage eat only fruits, and drink lot of water. After the massage drink lot of water again.



See picture above-- a lot of  you have got yourself a HARD massage from IGNORANT massues and permanently damaged the non-return valves of your lymph nodes. Think back --when did you do allow a such a spurious massage on your back torso and shoulders.


It gently stimulates blood flow to the skin through the smaller capillaries in the skin's deeper layers. The increased blood flow both promotes skin renewal and supports proper elimination and detoxification.  




Approximately 70% are superficial lymphatic capillaries located  just under, the skin. The remaining 30%, which are known as deep lymphatic capillaries, surround most of the body’s organs. The deep ones can be stimulated only by Yoga. Like veins, the lymphatic vessels, which are known as lymphangions, have one-way valves to prevent any backward flow.
  
The lymphatic system drainage is organized into two separate, and very unequal drainage areas. The right drainage area clears the right arm and chest. The left drainage area clears all of the other areas of the body including both legs, the lower trunk upper left of the chest, and the left arm.



Lymph vessels make an intimate meshwork that covers every inch of your skin, and surrounds each organ in great detail.  By performing lymphatic drainage massage correctly, we can stimulate the opening of the initial lymphatic and increase the volume of lymph flow by as much as 20 times. But if  you push too hard, you collapse the initial lymphatic, diminishing the lymph flow. 




Excessive pressure can even break the filaments that hold the initial lymphatic in place. This is one reason that deep styles of massage are contraindicated in areas of edema. Luckily if deep pressure has broken any filaments, they usually reform within 48 hours. Be careful, as Lymph nodes that has been damaged or destroyed, does not regenerate.



Calendula, also known Calendula officinalis, is an herb that may be helpful in improving your lymphatic drainage.. The flowers of the plant are used for medicinal purposes, including stimulating lymphatic drainage.  Calendula is also a lymphagogue, or a substance that supports your lymphatic organs and stimulates your lymph system.


Lymphatic drainage massage ( use sesame or virgin coconut oil ) has a positive effect on the following conditions:
Fluid retention – puffy ankles, legs, eyes, and abdomen.
Arthritis and rheumatism.
Assistance for migraine, headaches, and MS
Constipation and digestive disorders.
Sinusitis and hayfever.
Hormonal imbalance.
Recurring infections – colds, flu, ear or chest.
Skin disorders – acne, scleroderma, eczema and psoriasis.
  
Wearing a tight compression garment during yoga exercise also provides resistance to further stimulate the lymph flow. This acts like wringing a wet towel. Like body inversions and head stand exercises, twists offer your body new ways to remove toxins and flush important lymph around the entire torso. 



Yogic asanas to aid lymph flow includes neck rotation, shoulder shrugs, ankle pumps, leg slides, shoulder blade squeezes etc. Yoga diaphragmatic breathing and many yoga positions open up the chest cavity, while poses like shoulder stands, enlist gravity to help lymph fluid get where it is supposed to go. 

Below video--Suryanamaskar for deep Lymph node drainage.  Surya namaskar can increase lymph flow 20 fold.  Two-thirds of the lymph is produces in the liver and intestines.




Because the lymphatic system is a closed pressure system and has one-way valves that keep lymph moving towards the heart, when one turns upside down like in Shirshasan , the entire lymphatic system is stimulated, thus strengthening your immune system.



 Lymph fluid is relieved from the legs and ankles and with regular practice prevents the buildup of fluid in the legs and feet.  Usually gravity is pulling us down and compressing our bodies, yet when we do inversions this process is completely reversed. So instead of working against us, gravity is working for us by decompressing our bodies and reversing the flow of the lymphatic system, which does NOT have a pump. 

Yoga asanasas help to shift Lymph fluids around your body in ways that you would not ordinarily be able to achieve in daily life .



Inverted yoga poses are particularly beneficial to the white collar office workers who have occupations that require prolonged sitting still . These work positions increase the occurrence of fluid build up in the blood vessels and lymphatic channels of the legs. With light yoga inversions, swelling, discomfort and other chronic conditions can be alleviated. 




Recapitulation: Lymph drainage massage can increase the flow of lymph by as much as 20 times! A normal lymphatic flow is about 4 ounces of lymph per hour. This means that with Manual Lymphatic Drainage the flow can be increased to as much as 80 ounces per hour!  All by superficial skin massage gently stimulating the lymph nodes located just below the surface of the skin. The deeper nodes can be stimulated only by Yoga exercises.

Gentle lymphaticsurface  massage aids your weight loss , but not by hard massaging away body fat.

Warning: If there is an infection anywhere in the body, lymphatic drainage cannot be done, as it will spread the infection throughout the body.

Finally surface lymph drainage massage and yoga asana deep lymph fluid channeling if done properly can cause obese people to lose weight and dimpled cellulite--it is more or less a miracle. .



Move only the surface of the skin.  Avoid engaging the muscles. The fluid is moved into the lymph nodes by lightly stretching the skin in specific directions.



Just by de-congesting lymph nodes, and getting the body rid of lipomas or fibroadenomas?

Yes!.

Below pictures of swollen and infected lymph nodes









Kalari marma knock out points can permanently damage certain NON-RETURN valves of the lymphatic system, when means the enemy goes home bloats up and dies.  Kalari was introduced to Kerala by warrior saint Lord Parashurama, an avatar of Vishnu.  To know more punch into Google search KALARIPAYATTU, THE OLDEST MARTIAL ART- VADAKAYIL.

Note: Women with PMS problems and Uterus cysts must read this post and benefit from it. This is 6200 year old Indian wisdom,  laid out by Maharishi seers.  Punch into Google search FATHERS OF SURGERY AND MEDICINE- VADAKAYIL.


Yoga has timings. You cannot get up at midnight and start doing yoga. The ancient Vedic seers knew this 6000 years ago.

Magnesium and potassium live normally within the human cell, and sodium and calcium are found outside. During the day sodium sneaks into the cell, taking a hydrogen ion with it, which is acidifying.  In order to buffer this acidity, which is toxic to the cell, calcium also moves in.  This has the effect of displacing potassium ( by sodium) and magnesium ( by calcium ) which is pushed out of the cell.  At night the opposite takes place and potassium and magnesium move back into the cell, pushing out the calcium and sodium, which takes the hydrogen ion with it. This has the effect of cleansing the cell, so you should wake up bright and refreshed.

The moon has an affinity for sodium.

How many of you know that the moon leaves a sodium trail thousands of miles long? 

Why does our ocean have sodium?



Grace and peace!--listen with head phones
********************************************************************
TRUCK ART OF PAKISTAN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
TRUCK ART OF PAKISTAN, AND MAHIRA KHAN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Two decades ago I was working for an American owner. He had a GM Operations ( a Sikh ) who took lot of sadistic pleasure ( in the email era ) to put as many abbreviations as possible in the long voyage orders.

And to make things worse , he used to omit AEIOU vowels .  This was all right in the morse code era, to keep radio officer on his toes and to save money .  But in the email era you don't save any money and if you do that you are a dork.  Young masters used to go into a tizzy when they received such a message from the GM, as they did NOT want to appear incompetent.

Punch into Google search ABBREVIATIONS ON CHEMICAL TANKERS- VADAKAYIL, where I put a small percentage of it.

So once when I replied I put PYTNK under my signature.

So one day curiosity overtook the Sardarjee and he asked me, Captain could you please tell me what is PVTNK.

So I replied " Yaar, I have given you a abbreviation from your neck of the woods. I have seen Punjabi trucks having logos like:

SOUND HORN OK

PAPPU YAAR TANGH NA KAR (  Pappu buddy, dont  fu#k around with me )

BUREE NAZAR WAALE TERA MOONH KAALA  .( Ye with evil eyes, here is some black soot for your fu#kin' face )

In Pakistan I have seen several more hilarious ones-- rather more profound ones , like:--

DEKH MAGAR PYAR SE  ( ye may look, but only with love )

MEHNAT KAR HASSAD NA KAR ( work , don't be jealous )

MA KI DUA JANNAT KE HAWA ( blessings from mother, is like breeze from heaven )

etc etc

When I went to Pakistan nearly 4 decades ago, the truck which I saw were all garishly decorated with "Truck art"-- literally a cacophony of colors. It jarred your senses.

Calligraphy was hard to understand. They had corny graffitti, like " My truck is my space ship and I am its lone occupant ".  The art was basically hallucinating escapism from harsh reality.



A few months ago when my ship went to Karachi, I noted the marked change in truck art.  It was almost like mehndi art on the hands of a Indian bride. 

I have a tattoo myself.  I love mE stupid  tattoo, and I don't care if anybody else appreciates it or not.  For me it is about a feel good factor.




Truck art of Pakistan is like personal tattoos. The only difference is that it is on a truck. It is MENTAL FINGER PRINTING or mann ka tamanna.  

Dreams and hopes , instead of aesthetic culture is what i can see--as a man who can read the subconscious.. And if the art can catch the glad eye of a pretty lass on the road, why not?



The art is talismanic too, probably warding off evil.   Flowers, exotic animals, hawkish birds, fighter jets, defiant clenched arms with barbed wire around the beeling wrists, waterfalls, Umrao Jaan type bejewelled mujra girls with pouting red lips, local warlords with AK47s, --

-- among other delightful trinkets--

- all find space among tiny mirror mosaic glinting in the sun or sweeping headlights , plus swinging chains on the bumper, which kiss the road while sashaying.



The driver, takes pride in the art. The owner of a new truck will spend a lot of money to customize the truck with truck art. Most of the time he will let the driver, choose what he wants, to develop a sense of belonging.

For the owner it makes sense if the truck driver is in platonic love with his truck. The truck art will give a general idea which Pakistani district it is from. So at a roadside Dhaba ( restaurant ) it is easy to bond with another truck driver.

On top of the drivers cabin, a huge helipad type deck is made , for the truck driver and cleaner to sleep, watching the stars , with the breeze blowing past-- in total privacy.

They could even smuggle a bonny lass on top for a tete e tete , without fear of peeping toms and prying eyes.  It is so easy to get into "breaking news" nowadays.



Considering most truck drivers spend more time in the truck than at home, it makes good sense. And of course it is all extra storage space, at the truck drivers disposal, in case he wants to do some private business of his own, without broken stowage.

The art is highly labour intensive and expensive. I saw a Pakistani movie BOL, where the hermaphrodite brother Saifi of the unmarried sisters , tried his hand at truck art to earn some money , and then all hell broke loose.


This low budget movie BOL is eminently watchable.  I saw it twice. 



The old man acting as Hakim ( Manzar Sehbai ) should have been given an award.  He showed the meaning of fighting with inner demons.  Real acting is subtle, there is no place for melodrama.



And Mahira Khan ( Ayesha )-- boy-- she is indeed sensuous, bubbly  and attractive, with a live face.  Beautiful porcelain females (some like dead fish ),  need NOT be attractive and sensuous. 



Mahira Khan does NOT even put make up , tonnes of kaajol and mascara , lipstick or pluck her eyebrows. She sports that delightful disheveled look. Almond eyes, full lips--- have you seen the way most Western women inject plastic into their upper lip ?

She does NOT need it.

Enjoy the video below--


More power to them kings of the road!

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MY PET RAT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

MY PET RAT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

My rat was sleeping in his nest.
His eyes were closed, he needed rest.
But I still could not resist!
Would he mind if he were kissed?
I picked him up and kissed his head,
And then I put him back to bed.

-Anonymous




Enjoy the video below-- every day you must have a hearty BELLY laugh , with tears streaming out of your eyes. 

It circulates and flushes the deep lymph nodes. 

You will live longer.




SEE THE VIDEO BELOW--

What could be the opposite of fear?    Dang!--I had it on the tip of my tongue-- forgot--  but see, even her red purse slipped down , due to loss of voluntary muscles --

Fear destroys your immunity system and your creative juices.  You fall sick.

Love in two way lane, on the other hand -- can cure cancer, or even barren ness in a woman.  The brain is the biggest pharmaceutical factory.

The sweet pursuit of love is always on a bumpy road.  If the road is too smooth, beware , it can only be an arrangement of convenience. There is but a thin line dividing the sweet pursuit of love and stalking. 

Is it possible to chain the heart of a woman?



Has body language ever lied?  When words and body language are in conflict, always trust body language.
********************************************************************
UNMUKT CHAND AND ST STEPHEN'S COLLEGE, RULES ARE MEANT TO BE BROKEN - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
UNMUKT CHAND AND ST STEPHEN'S COLLEGE,  RULES ARE MEANT TO BE BROKEN -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Unmukt Chand and his team manfully faced the chin music dished out  by the aggressive Aussies, down  under, and he came out victorious.  

He came back to India with the U19, Cricket World Cup, to a rapturous welcome.



Then came the cold water dumped on his head, by his college dean , Thampu Saab , which shook him back to harsh reality.   

He would NOT be permitted to take his exams , as he did NOT have the requisite attendance.  

He would be detained . Worse still ThampuJI  would NOT even congratulate him.  

Valson Thampu, is a rabid Hindu hater, and was appointed by Sonia Gandhi’s advise as the Chairman NCERT curriculum Review Committee.




This delusional man came on National TV at prime time and was at his cynical best.  Rules are rules. It does NOT matter to St Stephen, that he won the World cup for India or did some other world beating exploit.  Unkind words are like nails. Even if the nail is taken out, the holes remain.

Thampu Saab , the dean spake as if he had divine sanction , in a “if you don’t like it you may lump it”  manner  “There is no way he can be promoted. The rules don’t permit that.  We’ve not detained him. Unmukt detained himself. This is for Unmukt and all other prospective Unmukts for the future”

For the un-initiated, Unmukt took admission in the arts stream of St Stephens college last year under the sports quota after obtaining 80 per cent marks in Class X and 74 per cent marks in Class XII.   Cricketing engagements have kept him away from the college and the 19-year-old has failed to garner minimum attendance stipulated .

“I don’t watch these cricket matches because you never know which is a fixed match,” he observed in a morbid manner.  ThampuJI says further . “ In our country we go overboard with regard to sports. We’ve seen all the muck during the Commonwealth Games.”

Way to go ThampuJI.

Sports Minister Ajay Maken has now stepped in to help the Under-19 Indian cricket team captain, Unmukt Chand, solve his academic woes. He shot off a letter to the Vice Chancellor of the Delhi University requesting to allow Unmukt take his exams, but also change the archaic rules for deserving sports persons .



Unmukt had played a heartwarming ,match winning,  unbeaten knock of 111 not out in the tense final against Australia to lead India Under-19 team to World Cup glory.  

ThampuJI has misjudged the mood of the nation.  If so, what type of an educator are you?

Now this is what I have to comment—

Unmukt is NOT asking for free degrees.  He is just asking for a chance to write the exams.

We all know the threadbare attendance of “unaccountable” Yuv-raj Rahul Gandhi in our Lok Sabha.  

We Indians also know the educational qualifications of our Queen bee Sonia Gandhi, who has been singled out for doctorates by three foreign universities. Three cheers to our DOCTOR Sonia Gandhi.

We all know what her educational qualifications are. And how she passed off her stint as a waitress in Cambridge restaurant , as a degree from the university.  Thank god for Subramanium Swamy. This means if you are a waiter in a Udipi restaurant at Mumbai , you can claim to be a graduate from IIT Mumbai.

My elder son sailed with me for 5 years . He skipped three years of school.  He had NIL ,or ZERO attendance.  The Principal encouraged him to sail and widen his horizons—God bless him. 

My son used to go back, write a special exam, tougher than the regular one, and max in all the subjects.  He got general proficiency right through school  .  In the final year of 12th a girl in his class and division, beat him to top rank in the All India 12th standard CBSE board exam ( Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan Calicut ) . She stood first in CBSE India , by a mile, and she was the Youth Brand ambassador of India after Sania Mirza, bestowed by President Abdul Kalam.

Standards of education are far higher elsewhere in India , than in St Stephens Thampu saab.

When I did my Second mates and Mate’s exam in Mumbai , I had NIL attendance or ZERO attendance in LBS Nautical college.

It was compulsory to have a percentage of attendance , or you cant write the exam. My batch mates used to go to college daily.

 I did NOT go because I did NOT like to see the gruesome sights of dirty slums on the way from Reay Road to Haybunder Mumbai, which got me depressed and affected my whole day.  I am from Kerala where you can scoop off spring water from the gutters and wash the face.  We are not used to seeing small children wallowing in sh#t.  

So much that after passing my Mate’s orals I went to LBS college with my roommate , just to see what it looks like. I wanted a light for my cigarette, and I saw somebody walking past smoking. So I rushed to him and asked him for a light. I will NOT mention here if I got the light or not.

When I got back my horrified friends numbering about 15,  immediately took me to task for insulting Capt TK Joseph, an Extra Master, who was the most senior most and most respected professor in LBS college. All thought that I was being cocky as usual. 

Nobody would believe me that I had no idea who that man was—till my room mate in Seaman’s club told them that I have passed both my 2nd Mates and Mates exams with NIL attendance, and I really did NOT even know who Joseph was, leave alone recognize his face.

How could this happen? Well the people in charge of the attendance register were Ex-Captains, who were more worried about results.  As long as you hit a six, who cares how high your back lift was, where your back foot was and in which direction your right shoulder pointed — the purists could go to hell.  Dhoni with his helicopter shot will agree with me.  

In any case where is the intelligence in facing spin, cutters and swing with a straight bat?  That will be another post.

I did NOT go to college for my Masters too.  Capt TK Joseph taught Magnetism, a three hour exam paper, using the Kemp and Young rod method (and also Shear forces and Bending moments chapter of ship stability ).  I did my own studies of magnetism at the club, from a book by Merrifield.  Joseph’s class used to overflow and students stood at the doorway too.  I missed all of that deliberately.  

Now -- did I get that light?  

Today I consider myself as one of the best Compass adjusters on the planet, if not the best, and I have 30 years of practical experience doing this.  When I go to the ship’s monkey island with a  plus screw driver to compensate the magnetic compass , I do NOT remember a single dang line of what I learnt in magnetism for the exam —all I know is unlike poles attract like a boy and a girl.

So now, then let me define education—Thampu saab are you listening.

"When you have studied, written your exams and forgotten the whole dang thing, what remains in your head is education. It is all about boring new tunnels or connecting new pathways in your brain "- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

Here is some wisdom for you Thambu JI. Take some time off to think.

A weak mind is like a microscope which magnifies trifling things –but just cannot receive the great ones.  Watch out for minions for whom pleasing a superior or following a rule, can become more important than campaigning for or doing the things he believes is right for the organization. Change is our greatest ally in these times.. The changes I and you have seen in the past 50 years is mind boggling , right?

The kind of thinking that brought you and me where we are,  will NOT get our children where they want to go.

People who make a difference are always the ones with the concern – not with the credentials. So what are your credentials, ThampuJI?.  

Detect and check deviations from standard operating procedures to see if they are for the better, in times of change. 

Preoccupation with small technical problems and getting bogged down with tiny meaningless regulation details is undesirable.

Blindness or fear of the new , causes leaders who are heavily invested in yesterdays ideas, to miss the boat.  Spend time building people up instead of tearing them down—and that too on national network.  

Do not use fear as the key . Do not give untimely criticism. Do NOT misjudge the mood of the majority. 

Hindsight says that 75% of all sackings are not because somebody did not do his job—but because he did not fit into the rotten corporate culture. .

There is a difference between a positive constructive feedback and destructive verbal attack.  You cant motivate people with logic. If you want to move people you must touch their emotions.

We would have not found all this so bizarre if you had a single meeting with the boy,  before you came on TV, to shoot your divine mouth off.


So our honourable Thambu Saab says, "Rules have to be applied. It's a question of working within the system."  In fact, St Stephen college's dean should be proud of Unmukt's achievement and encourage him instead of belittling him in the media.  

For Unmukt the Nation is bigger than you and your corny St Stephen rules--ThambuJI..

We need to change these archaic laws along with the “power drunk by divine right “ oldies who are thoroughly insensitive to students who make the nation proud.  Did someone say that sexual repression is the root cause?

In fact anyone who desires to prove his worth in any creative arts or sports field should be encouraged to come back to academics later in life.  Adult education should be welcomed for sportsmen . Mr Maken must start a debate on why Indian institutions should allow mature age students.

A student with 100 % attendance and gets 35% marks  cannot be better than another student with 10% attendance and 80% marks , right? So there goes your argument into the garbage ka dabba , Thambu Ji.
Tambu saab I suggest you watch the Bollywood movie “3 Idiots”.

In sport you have to start young. This is the time a child is in lower school.  Wanna see some pictures, and judge for yourself how the Chinese get so many Gold medals ?










An athlete who must be a world beater, has to sacrifice.  He has to start young. This sacrifice must be recognised.  

If you cant do that you are a fu#kin' DORK.


My ship was on her way to Philadelphia. I had two yank pilots on board. One of them heard me talking on mobile to my son in Ivy league Cornell University Ithaca.  He told me that the other pilot was from Cornell. 

So I had a chat with him.  He did a course by the name of "Governmental studies" --which is just a bullshit names-sake thing.  He being a strong giant was very good in American football.  That is how he got a scholarship and went to Cornell.  




Above is the Cornell League stadium. When my son passed out the ceremony was held in this stadium-- it was chock-a-block with parents and students.

The pilot from Cornell had told me-- all he did in college was to play and practise.  They helped him out with studies and projects to get a degree.


Check out what a French writer has to say about Valson Thampu.

I accuse Sonia of having let her Christian and Western background, in four years, divide India on religious and caste lines in a cynical and methodical manner.

 I accuse Sonia of being an enemy of the Hindus, who always gave refuge to persecuted minorities, and who are the only people in the world to accept that God may manifest under different names, in different epochs, using different scriptures.

I’accuse Sonia of exploiting the Indian Press’ obsession with her. She hardly ever gave interview in 20 years, except scripted ones to NDTV, yet the Press always protects her, never blames her and keeps silent over her covert role. Nevertheless, she is a danger to India.

Her very presence, both physical and occult, open the doors to forces inimical to India. Even Indian Christians should understand that she is not a gift to them: 

her presence at the top has emboldened fanatics like John Dayal or Valson Thampu, who practise an orthodox Christianity prevalent in the West in the early 20th century, but no longer, to radicalise their flock.

Indian Christians should recognise that they have a much better deal here than Christians or Hindus have in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia or Saudi Arabia.

2nd Dec 2008 -- Francois Gautier ( French writer , living in Inida for 42 years )

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
GANESH BABARAO SAVARKAR, AN UNSUNG HERO OF INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
GANESH BABARAO SAVARKAR,  AN UNSUNG HERO OF INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




A month ago I had promised to write a piece on Ganesh Babarao Savarkar, one of the greatest sons of Mother India.

He was the elder brother of Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, also known as Veer Savarkar ( who is sufficiently famous), who has several landmarks in Mumbai and Maharashtra named after him.

Both brothers were deported and  incarcerated at the horrible Cellular Jail in Andamans Island.  But we know only about younger Vinayak,  nobody talks about Ganesh -- the elder brother, why?  What is the catch?  

Sonia Gandhi is tripping on her heels with Salman Khurshid to proclaim Tipu Sultan as a freedom fighter.
If you really want  to know who Tipu Sultan is , punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED- VADAKAYIL.

I wanted to get some material from the HJS website or www.HinduJagruti.org.  But alas the site has been banned by Sonia Gandhi and her coterie, (who are more loyal to the Italian waitress than their own motherland ) using the riots in Assam as an excuse.  These rulers do NOT care if Indian women defecate in the open,  65 years after Independence, but they will give 10 Billion USD to Italy Zone nay Euro Zone so that they can continue drinking premium wines.

I was a bit shocked, as I have been referring to this harmless Hindu website whenever I wanted to get inspired by a freedom fighter, or whenever I wanted to know the reason and the correct way to conduct a Hindu festival or Puja , or rather any Vedic cultural matter . 




The only time this site has involved itself in some controversy was when MF Hussain, a Muslim artist of India,  painted all our Hindu gods in group sex sexual orgies.  Which ever Hindu organizations protested , they were branded as "terrorists" by our pseudo secular Queen Bee and her Indian chamchas.




Your neighbour posts paintings of you, your mother, wife, daughter, brother and maid in a group sexual orgy all over the neigbourhood -- and when you complain peacefully -- you are branded as a bigot, hate monger and a terrorist.  

BRAVO!

See the way the world HATE is thrown around so loosely nowadays. Telling the truth is "hate speech". 

When a human race is cut adrift from her moorings, the people lose their mindset.  This has been happening right through history.    Even today the civilized Christian Americans are on overdrive converting all the sacred burial grounds of the ancestors of the Red Indians into golf courses.  

The Red Indians get solace and succor in difficult times from their murdered heroes and ancestors buried in  these graveyards. Whatever they owned  had been stolen by the Christian white man. Now their identity is being stolen and they are helpless.

Today we have Pakistani Presidents coming all the way to Ajmer in India, to offer prayers at the durgah of Kwajah Moinuddin Chisti.  Imagine tomorrow a callous Indian government razes this structure down and builds an Indoor sports stadium over it. They could have build stadiums else where at 1/100 of the costand better convenience -- but no!-  this is where we want the stadium --PERIOD! 

All Indians including Muslims know that when the Mughal invaders came 800 years ago, they razed down all Hindu temples situated at vantage vaastu areas and build mosques over the strong foundations.  Whichever mosque foundation ( older than 350 years )  is built according to Hindu Vaastu, with a Banyan tree and water body at the right place  --all belong to this category.  This includes Babri Masjid of Ayodhya.

After Independence our PM Jawaharlal Nehru, on Edwina's Mounbatten's suggestion ( she is from Rothschild's family ) wanted to raze Cellular Jail at port Blair, Andamans to the ground, and build a hospital there.   There was such a national furore and opposition from his own cabinet that Nehru dropped the idea like a hot potato.  

There was inner democracy those days-- while today we have Italian waitress and her not so bright son's "dictatorial democracy" and "lump it if you dont like it" democracy.  

This cocky Hindu hating "born to rule" duo chooses their own servile PM , President and speakers in Lok and Rajya Sabha.  

I do hope they will see some pictures of Indira Gandhi in handcuffs , after losing the elections in 1977.   The general elections of the year 2014, is not very far away. 



Nehru’s daughter Prime Minister Shrimati Indira Gandhi made the following observation , opposing her father “The main point of the preservation of the jail is to maintain its gaunt severity. This should be the most effective and poignant memorial of all.  New memorials, statues, gardens and youth camps will detract from the atmosphere of the original Jail, which we seek to preserve.",

Hindus in India have forgotten their glorious heritage and culture. All of us have a culture. This is what you are.  This is your grounding and your spiritual foundation.  This was what this banned HJS site was doing-- showcasing our Vedic culture and our freedom fighters..

Today we have thousands of sites and roads in India--  example Indira Gandhi Road,  Rajiv Gandhi airport, Sanjay Gandhi Nagar,  Jawaharlal Nehru Institute etc.

How many of you think there will ever be a Sonia Gandhi airport in India ?-- or a Ambika Soni road, or a Anand Sharma Marg, or a Kapil Sibal institute, or a Diggy Vijay avenue, or a Salman Khurshid house in school ? 

Place your bets, ladies and gentlemen.. 

The Italian Queen Bee and her stooges are shining now.  But all of them will soon be in the dustbin of Indian history.

Enough of trash talk-- 

Let me get back to the subject GANESH BABARAO SARVARKAR.  Today India is free, because of selfless people like him.

Ganesh Babarao Savarkar was pro-active.  He had balls, -- unlike the "napunsaks" whom we worship today,  and take public holidays in their name..



Mahatma Gandhi was loved by the British , for his "non-violence".  A few thousand white British Christian invaders ruled over millions of Indians for 300 years.  Even Hitler ridiculed Bose "What type of cowards are you, Indians--  millions of you cant drive away a handful of British from your country?"

Probably Hilter did NOT know that British had Indian friends like BR. Ambedkar, who actively assisted them in "divide and rule"

Britain also had THEIR TYPE OF FREEDOM FIGHTER LEADER in charge or our Indian resistance. Thousands of Indian soldiers fought for Britain in the 1st and 2nd World Wars.   We fought on behalf of our Christian invaders , who enslaved us, stole everything from our country and shat on our faces. 

Thousands of Indian soldiers died in the 1st and 2nd World Wars. Is there a single memorial in their name?. Only Whites Christians had memorials, Indians were counted among horses and donkeys. Who will build a memorial for a stupid donkey?

All thanks to "their type of freedom fighting Indian leaders" , they divided us and ruled.  

Three weeks ago we had a foreign funded TV channel CNN-IBN sham poll, where we chose ( sic!) BR Ambedkar as the greatest Indian.  Truly the crow was voted as more beautiful than a peacock , by a sham SMS and Internet poll--  BRAVO!  

CNN-IBN is owned by Time Warner-- who is just an arm of Rothschild-- the drug running owner of British East India Company who enslaved us . When the white Christian man came to India we were the richest country on this planet.

BR Ambedkar, with his dalit tinted glasses given to him by the British, did NOT spend a minute of his life fighting for India's freedom.   He has openly spoken and written that British rule is better than self rule.  He spent his whole life smashing fissures into Hinduism.  

I have put a separate post for him. Punch into Google search CNN-IBN POLL, THE GREATEST INDIAN AWARD - VADAKAYIL.

British East India Company, grew Opium In India and sold it in China in exchange for tea.  Rothschild's money is Tipu Sultan's gold.  Tipu Sultan's gold is North Kerala temples' gold . I am from North Kerala. 

Let me get back-- Ganesh Babarao Savarkar (June 13, 1879 – March 16, 1945) was a great but unsung Indian freedom fighter.  He was the eldest of the Savarkar brothers, Ganesh, Vinayak, and Narayan.

We Indian know only about Vinayak— as later in life he became the "white Christian invaders type of freedom fighter" .   These naked truths are bound to shock all the Indians.  



Vinayak Damodar Savarkar or Veer Savarkar, was also incarcerated at Andamans where his elder brother Ganesh Babarao was already in.

Vinayak Savarkar appealed to the British for clemency in 1911 and again during Sir Reginald Craddock's visit in 1913 at the Cellular jail , citing poor health in the oppressive conditions.

Vinayak Savarkar tactically signed a statement endorsing the trial, verdict , British law and fair British justice, and renouncing violence, a bargain for freedom.  Literally he gave a signed and stamped "Character certificate"  to the vile British invader.

“I hereby acknowledge that I had a fair trial and just sentence. I heartily abhor methods of violence resorted to in days gone by and I feel myself duty bound to uphold law and constitution to the best of my powers and I am willing to make the [1919 Montague-Chelmsford Reforms] a success in so far as I may be allowed to do so in future "

WHAT A DISGRACE--HIS ELDER BROTHER BABARAO WOULD NEVER EVER HAVE DONE THIS.



Veer Savarkar appealed for clemency within a year of his reaching the Andamans.  In one of his communications, to the British he says, “  ...if the government in their manifold beneficence and mercy release me, I for one cannot but be the staunchest advocate of constitutional progress and loyalty to the English government which is the foremost condition of that progress.... Moreover, my conversion to the constitutional line would bring back all those misled young men in India and abroad who were once looking up to me as their guide. ”

On May 2, 1921,  he was moved to a jail in Ratnagiri, and later to the Yeravda Central Jail, where he lived in comfort.

He was finally released on January 6, 1924 under stringent restrictions – he was not to leave Ratnagiri District and was to refrain from political activities.

Vinayak Savarkar in a statement issued on 19 December 1947, expressed joy at the recognition of the claim of Jewish people to establish an independent Jewish state of Israel, and likened the event to the glorious day on which Moses led them out of Egyptian bondage.  He regretted India's vote at the United Nations Organisation against the creation of the Jewish state terming the vote a policy of appeasement of Muslims.

For this sole statement Rothschild was grateful to him. And despite damning evidence against him, in the Mahatma Gandhi assassination case, on Jan 30th 1948,  he was let free.

The main accused in the Mahatma Gandhi's assassination case were Shankar Kistaiya, Gopal Godse, Madanlal Pahwa, Digambar Badge,  Narayan Apte, Vinayak D. Savarkar, Nathuram Godse, and Vishnu Karkare, all of whom were arrested, as accomplices and conspirators..

Vinayak Savarkar was arrested on 5 February 1948, from his house in Shivaji Park, and kept under detention in the Arthur Road Prison, Mumbai.

Godse claimed full responsibility for planning and carrying out the attack, However according to Digamber Badge the approver, on 17 January 1948, Nathuram Godse went to have a last darshan of Vinayak Savarkar in Bombay,  before the assassination. 

While Badge and Shankar waited outside, Nathuram and Apte went in. 

On coming out Narayan Apte told Digamber Badge that Veer Savarkar blessed them "Yashasvi houn ya" –“ be successful and return”.  

After Gandhi's assassination Savarkar's home in Mumbai was stoned by angry Hindu mobs.

Badge's testimony was rejected by the British (on recommendation of Jews Rothschild ), as lacking credibility and Veer Vinayak Savarkar was released..  Rothschilds and their stooge Winston Churcill would NOT harm anybody who supports Jews and Israel. 

Only after the death of Nehru, the Congress government, under Prime Minister Shastri, started to pay Veer Savarkar a monthly pension.  On Feb 26th 1966, Veer Vinayak Savarkar renounced medicines, food and water leading to his own death on February 26, 1966. 

Not a single minister from the Maharashtra Cabinet showed up in the cremation ground to pay homage to Savarkar. In New Delhi, the Speaker of the Parliament turned down a request that it pay homage to Savarkar.  PM Morajee Desai and Congress Home minister YB Chawan refused to visit the cell of Veer Savarkar when they went to Cellular jail.



After the unveiling of portrait of Veer Savarkar in the Indian Parliament in February 2003 there was a lot of mudslinging against him in the English newspapers. The main accusation was that Veer Savarkar apologised for his deeds to seek release from jail in Andaman Islands.

OK, now-- I must stop digressing in this manner-- 

I must get back to my subject matter , Ganesh Baburao Savarkar-- the elder brother of Veer Vinayak Sarvarkar. This man went through the same torture as his younger brother, but he was made of steel and never ever would agree to a dishonourable clemency plea- even if he was fried in boiling oil.

Ganesh Babarao Savarkar's life story make terrific reading.  This is the meaning of love for the motherland and a shining example of indefatigable human spirit.  His story must be available in every Military Establishment in India.  Our Indian jawans must know about him. --NOT Rahul Gandhi or Dig Vijay Singh or Ambika Soni or Kapil Sibal..

Ganesh Savarkar’s pro-active resistance against the British colonial government in India, caused him to be transported for life to Cellular jail.

For this unfair deportation, the then collector of Nasik, Jackson was assassinated by Anant Laxman Kanhere, another unsung freedom fighter,  in direct retaliation.



Kanhere, on 21 December 1909, shot Jackson, the Collector of Nashik of British India.

Nashik was a hub of anti-invader activities under a revolutionary organization Abhinav Bharat Society founded by Ganseh Babarao Savarkar .. They held secret meetings and planned organized resistance
Jackson, the British Collector of Nasik, was aware of these activities. 

Jackson started mixing with local people. Unlike other British officers, he created an image of himself as a Indian people friendly officer. He gave unsolicited propaganda that he was a Vedic literate Brahmin in his previous life and that was why he felt so much fatherly affection towards the Indian people. 

Jackson used to talk to people in Marathi and had some knowledge of Sanskrit.  In reality, his intentions were to make the people feel that they are good and safe in slavery and hence had to to squeal on any anti-British activities.

Shouting the slogan of 'Vande Mataram' written by Bankim Chandra Chattopadhyay in 1882 was enough reason to be imprisoned for sedition. 

On 20 July 1905, Lord Curzon announced the partition of Bengal. This raised a storm of protest throughout the country.  Babarao Ganesh organized a spate of patriotic lectures in Nashik.The atmosphere in Nashik became charged with patriotic fervour.

The annual Dassara procession organized by the Mitramel was returning from the Kalika Mandir.  Babarao and other members raised loud joyful slogans of Vande Mataram.  On the pretext that these slogans disturbed the British residents, a British police officer, gave a hard blow on Babarao’s head with his baton. 

Enraged, Babarao ( who had balls ) leapt upon him and caught him by his throat and thrashed him soundly. 

Ganesh Babarao Savarkar was arrested promptly.  All this was a trap, and he fell into it neatly. The British just wanted him out of Nasik.

The arrested revolutionaries were tried before the First Class Magistrate of Malegaon division, W. Plunkett. It dragged on for one year and became famous throughout Maharashtra as the Vande Mataram trial.

Jackson was instrumental in getting Babarao indicted for writing a 16 page song book of Kavi Govind.  He had also planted some incriminating "bomb making manuals" in his house at Tulsi Vrindavan.  The verdict was a foregone conclusion.  

As proof, that he was a terrorist, the British government submitted frivolously  in court that Babarao had worn his dhoti in a particular fashion and was also wearing the langot (small inner loin garment) in a peculiar manner!

Justice BC Kennedy pronounced the judgement on 08 June 1909. He grandly ruled: “The Penal Code has given me very little leeway to decide the quantum of the punishment. Under section 121, I sentence Ganesh Damodar Savarkar to Transportation for Life or kaala pani ( lit: black waters; incarceration in the black hole of the Andamans) and order forfeiture of his entire property and - “Under section 124A, I sentence him to two years’ rigorous imprisonment. This sentence has to be served simultaneously with the sentence given under section 121.” 

Babarao was now made to don the prisoner’s garb and the yellow cap meant for the Kaala Pani prisoners.



On 09 June 1909, a telegram was sent from Nashik to London informing the news of Babarao’s overseas transportation.  The news created a wave of seething anger among the Indian revolutionaries in London.  

On 01 July 1909,  a patriot Madanlal Dhingra assassinated Curzon Wylie at a public meeting in London.

How many of you know of an Indian by the name of Dhingra?  All you know is Sonia Gandhi, Ambika Soni, Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal , BR Ambedkar, Teesta Setalvad etc , right?

05 July 1909, a meeting was held in Caxton Hall to condemn Madan Lal Dhingra. Aga Khan was in the Chair. The motion was proposed by Bhavanagari and seconded by Amir Ali.  Aga Khan put the motion to vote. 

After seeing many raised hands, he declared that the motion was passed unanimously. Savarkar stood up and cried, " No, not unanimously. There are opponents of the motion as well. Take down my name, it is Vinayak Damodar Savarkar.  I oppose this motion.” 

A Eurasian named Palmer hit Veer Savarkar near his eye making him bleed profusely .  Savarkar said, "I still oppose the motion."  

M P T Acharya, a friend of Savarkar then hammered Palmer with a stick.  Surendranath Banerjee , a known British stooge , ( who would be knighted later ) expressed his fake anger. He said " Vinayak Savarkar has a right to have his say. It is outrageous to attack him.”  

Vinayak Savarkar wanted to Dhingra's ashes to be respectfully collected and sent to India for immersion in Indian rivers .

Several members of Secretary Morley's Council favoured life imprisonment rather than the death sentence for Dhingra. They feared that his martyrdom would ignite further acts of retribution. 

Dhingra's valour infuriated King Emperor Edward VII.  In a letter dated 17 August 1909, he wrote to Morley that Indians be barred from coming to England without valid reason. Such students learn treason while in England and incite others back home, he fumed.



In his memoirs, Wilfrid Scawen Blunt, the British poet and writer who also served in the Diplomatic Service writes (entry dated 24 July 1909) writes, "No Christian martyr ever faced his judges more fearlessly or with greater dignity...if India could produce five hundred such sons, as resolute without fear, she would achieve her freedom". 

It was recorded in medical evidence at the trial, that, when arrested, Dhingra's pulse beat no quicker than normal, nor from first to last, has he shown any sign of weakening."   False rumors were spread by the British that he had Bhang and hence his pulse was strong and steady. 

On the day of Dhingra's martyrdom, leaflets entitled 'Ireland Honours Dhingra' were distributed and pasted on walls in Ireland. 

Back home in India, the Deputy Superintendent of Police Guyder threw the bait to Babarao “We have arrested your two brothers. Tell me the names of revolutionaries and their addresses in Nashik. If you provide this information, we will release you and your brothers..We will ensure your protection after your release and provide a monthly pension to you. Do not be afraid.

It was unthinkable for Babarao to expose his colleagues for selfish reasons.  Seeing Babarao smiling , Guyder  threatened Babarao. Guyder cried “ If you do NOT give me a list and full information, be assured that you will get a second Transportation “

Babarao laughed and said “The question of a second transportation would arise, only if I survive the first one, right? .  So why bother? 

Guyder was furious “ I understand your clever witticisms. Remember, the name is Guyder. I have seen several patriots like you and have brought them to heel with whiplashes. Will you open your mouth or not? Do you see what I have with me?” 

And he showed the electric shock device with wires. The mere sight of these electric wires was enough to make the most hardened criminals soil their pants . 

Guyder asked thrice and gave shocks after every negative answer he got  . All three times his body flexed like a bent bow in excruciating pain , but not a word escaped from Babarao’s lips.  Guyder had to accept defeat.  As Babarao turned to limp back to his cell, Guyder could not but help exclaim, “Brave bloody fella!”

The residents of Nashik had immense respect for Babarao. To demoralize them, the British paraded Babarao in fetters.  Babarao, the lion, was paraded in disgrace through the streets of Nashik with his hands and feet in handcuffs and fetters, the yellow cap serving a dire warning and striking terror in the hearts of all onlookers.  

For melodramatic and sarcastic effect they made him carry a bundle of his clothes, plate and water pot balanced precariously on his back.  Smirking armed guards walked in front and behind him.  

Babarao braved this humiliation with fortitude.  People in tears lined up on both sides of the street to have his last darshan, before was shipped off.

Ganesh Damodar Savarkar was sentenced to life imprisonment and deportation, overseas at Andamans. He was transported to Andamans on the ship MV.Maharaja. This ship would make nine trips to the Andamans in a year and transport prisoners from Madras , Calcutta  and Rangoon to the Andamans. 

In the underbelly of this ship was a long and narrow cage. Prisoners would be packed like sardines in this cage and chained..The stench in the ship's ill ventilated compartment was unbearable.



I would suggest to every patriotic Indian , to visit this jail, like how Muslims have to go to Mecca.  Only then you will understand why you and your children are free and happy today.  

I have seen this Cellular jail at Port Blair, myself.

The Cellular Jail was completed in 1906 and the number of prisoners it housed was as high as 14086 . Like an predator octopus having eight arms to catch its prey, the Cellular Jail had seven protruding arms or wings from the central watchtower.The Jail was constructed with seven wings, spreading out like a seven-petal flower. In its centre it had a tower with a turret. 



Connected to this were the three storey high seven wings with 698 isolated cells. That is why it was called the Cellular Jail. Each wing had three floors with 698 cells. Each cell measured 4.1 by 1.9 metres, just enough for one convict. These small cells gave the Cellular Jail its name.  All the seven wings of the Cellular Jail had a meeting point at the central watchtower for entry and exit. 

Each cell had separate iron bolts and locking devices outside, beyond the reach of the prisoner’s hand. Though there was no chance of an escape, there was constant vigil by 21 wardens; seven on each floor facing their respective wings. 

There were sentries in the central watchtower. To minimize the chances of communication between the convicts and to isolate them from each other, the construction of the Cellular Jail was made such that the front portion of each wing faced the back side of the other wing at a sufficient distance.



There were no dormitories in the Cellular Jail. On arrival in th cellular Jail, convicts would be placed in solitary confinement for six months. This helped to tone down their vigour and vitality and demoralize them. 

Thus the Cellular Jail was a prison within a prison!

In March 1868, 238 prisoners tried to escape from Cellular jail.  By April they were all caught.  One committed suicide and of the remainder Superintendent Walker ordered 87 to be hanged.  

There was a solitary first strike , before the mass second strike under the leadership of Babarao.  Mahavir Singh, an associate of Bhagat Singh (Lahore conspiracy case) protested the inhuman treatment meted to the prisoners and sat in hunger strike. He was force fed milk which went into his lungs and he died. He was tied to a stone and thrown in the sea.

The Empire of Japan invaded the Andaman islands in 1942 and drove the British out. The Cellular Jail then became home to British prisoners. During this period, Subhas Chandra Bose also visited the islands. Two out of the seven wings of the Jail were demolished during the Japanese regime. In 1945, the British resumed control with the end of World War II.  

Another two wings of the jail were demolished after India achieved independence, with Nehru’s connivance. 

This led to protests from several former prisoners and political leaders who saw it as a way of erasing the tangible evidence of their persecution.  The remaining three wings and the central tower were therefore converted into a National Memorial in 1969.   The centenary of the jail's completion was marked on 10 March 2006.  Many erstwhile prisoners were felicitated on this occasion by the Government of India. They were taken in SCI ships as passengers.

Babarao would be at Andamans like a living corpse in a tiny cell  for the next 25 years-- as per the British sentence. 

The infamous Irish jailor Barrie, the terror of the Cellular Jail was apprised of the arrival of Babarao Ganesh , to give him special treatment.  He sought out Ganesh and loudly explained to him the rules and regulations of the Cellular Jail. “If you break rules, remember you will have to deal with me” he threatened.

He spent most of his time in doing CHAKKI PEESING or extracting oil from coconuts--hard labour throughout the day. The prisoner would be yoked like a bullock to the metal bar and made to push it around in a circle so that dried coconut pieces kept in a central receptacle would get crushed and oil would drip

After he did his part of chakki peesing, he would be handcuffed to a hook on the wall at his height. The cook was a Muslim, and a British informer, who would put light doses of Kerosene in the food, giving him bloody stools with mucous, and making his dehydrated and weak.  When Babarao Ganesh passed stools while hanging on his wrists, the jailer would beat him up for dirtying the place.

The other political prisoners, all knew the worth of Ganesh Savarkar. They tried their best to make him comfortable. They would weave bundles of the coarse coconut husk and throw it towards Babarao so as to lighten his burden, on weaving day.  In helping Babarao, the other prisoners were risking terrible torture, and beatings by the warden . Knowing this Babarao would refuse help from his fellow prisoners.

Jackson tortured Vaman Sakharam Khare, a well-known lawyer, for pleading for Ganesh and Khare lost his mental balance when his property was confiscated by Jackson and sent to jail. 

He got he due from Anant Laxman Kanhere.

Kanhere , a 19 year old student took a pistol and emptied it on Jackson on the night of 21 December, 1909 at the Vijayanand Theatre, Nashik. In his declaration, Kanhere said, “I have just done my duty. Jackson was instrumental in the deportation of Ganesh Baburao Savarkar"

Kanhere’s dignity and courage in the face of certain death moved even the sentencing judge Justice Heeton to exclaim, “What a pity that I have to send such a handsome and courageous youth to the gallows.”
   
Babarao was married at the age of 13 to “Yesuvahini”.  He was a yogi and used to practise austerities such as surviving on ghee and water only a full month, and remaining awake for long times without sleeping, to expand his consciousness. 

There is no coming to consciousness without pain and penance.

Yesuvahini used to live in the upper storey of the Datar family house in Nashik. The police came and confiscated the household items including her Puja items.—they exactly knew what they were doing. .It was Yesuvahini’s habit not to touch food or water without performing puja and watering the tulsi plant.

Tears streaming from here eyes, she went to the local cemetery and lay down. She was childless and young. Her husband Babarao Ganesh Savarkar was transported to Kaala Pani for life.  After noon, a kind woman gave her some puja vessels and Yesuvahini returned ,performed her daily rituals and ate food. .



The Datars looked after Yesuvahini till her death.  Madame Cama used to send Rs 30 every month, which Yesuvahini gave to Narayanrao.  Of this, Baburao’s youngest brother Narayanrao would spend Rs. 15 on his own education and Rs.15 would be given for Yesuvahini’s upkeep.

Meanhile Narayanrao was arrested on the false charges of throwing a bomb on the viceroy Minto . This  arrest took away Yesuvahini’s last moral support.  For this childless woman, Narayanrao was like her own son .  Narayanrao was released by the British on 18 December 1909.

Narayanrao was arrested again on the midnight of 23 December.  He was mercilessly tortured.  In London, the other brother Vinayak Tatyarao Savarkar was arrested for his alleged role in the Nashik conspiracy  (to kill Jackson ).  On 24 December 1910, Vinayak Savarkar was sentenced to transportation for life at Cellular jail Andamans Islands , and Narayanrao was sentenced to six months rigorous imprisonment.

Virtually every patriotic young man in Nashik was placed in handcuffs.  A reign of terror was let loose in Nashik.  People for their own survival started shunning any one was linked directly or indirectly to revolutionary activities.   

People now turned their backs on Yesuvahini, as the police were watching every inch of her movements. The poet Govind had composed a moving poem specially for Yesuvahini. The first line of the song was “sankati raksha mama kaant kaant” (“protect me from crisis, dear husband”).

Narayanrao completed his prison sentence and was released.  No college was willing to admit him.  He went to Calcutta and somehow secured admission in the National Medical College.  Calcutta was far from Nasik.  He was watched all the time. In 1912, when a bomb was hurled in Delhi on Lord Hardinge, he was arrested and brought to Pune but was released after a few days. In 1916, he qualified as a doctor and married Shantabhai. 

Yesuvahini led a frugal life. She had two sets of worn out clothes.. She had lost all interest in life and was malnourished.  Her health was now failing.  In 1918,  her whole body was swolled and she was bed ridden. Narayanrao and his wife Shantabai were by her side when her end came. 



Yesuvahini had become delirious. . She gave one last pitiful glance at Narayanrao and passed away on 20 April 1919 .  Three days after she died, an official letter arrived from the British, morbid mockery at its best “There is no objection to Yashodabai Savarkar going to the Andamans to meet her husband”. This type of a foul "cock a snook"  move is unthinkable in Sanatana Dharma or in any cultured society.

From the warden to the clerk, most of the jail officers in the Cellular Jail were Muslims. They would collude with Barrie and prove their loyalty to him by committing atrocities on the prisoners. They would induce the prisoners to embrace Islam by threatening them with punishment , luring them with tobacco and giving them food which was NOT laced with kerosene and human sweat..

On an average, two or three Hindu prisoners would get converted in every month.  To get food without Kerosene and wringed out sweat , converted Muslim prisoners would no longer dine with their fellow Hindu prisoners but would openly dine with Muslim prisoners.

One day unable to tolerate the continuous smell of kerosene in his food, Ganesh threw his food away.  This sudden act smashed the flood gates of human emotion . Soon discontent became a full blown revolt.  Throwing away food by prisoners was considered to be a grave offence. Prisoners would be forced to eat up the last morsel of thrown food from the floor . Babarao resolutely refuse to eat the food from the floor.

Babarao thus took the lead in this first ever mass strike at Cellular jail. Barrie singled out Nandgopal, and Babarao as the leaders .  Babarao was punished on cross bar fetters and standing handcuffs for a week. They were given nothing to eat for twelve days except for thin gruel laced with quinine...The strike went on for several days. In the end, it was Barrie and the British who had to relent--as hanging enmasse was NOT an option.



Barre agreed to stop the chakki (kolu) punishment, give light work and send the political prisoners outside the Cellular Jail to do work, as was the case with other prisoners. The strike was called off.   Babarao was spared of the kolu,  and made to break dry coconuts. 



Each prisoner was given to read one book at a time if he so desired. The prisoners were not expected to exchange books. If they did so, they were punished.. Before the strike only one letter to home ( and that too censored ) per year was allowed.

Babarao’s younger brother Vinayak Tatyarao arrived at the Cellular Jail on 04 July 1911.

Savarkar brothers Babarao and Vinayak didn't know of each other in the same jail but in different cells, for nearly two years.

The news that Tatyarao was also lodged in the Cellular Jail was broken to Babarao by Wamanrao Joshi who had been sentenced to Transportation for Life in the Jackson murder case. Vinayak of course knew that his elder brother was somewhere in the jail.
  
Tatyarao finally succeeded in meeting Babarao. The brothers had last met in 1906 when Tatyarao was ready to depart from Mumbai harbour to go to England to become a barrister. They were now meeting 5 years later in 1911 under totally different circumstances.



The coronation of King George V and Queen May (or Queen Mary as she was later called ) took place at Westminster Abbey on 22 June 1911.  Later that year, the King and Queen travelled to India for the Delhi Durbar on 12 December, where they were presented to an assembled audience of Indian dignitaries and princes as the Emperor and Empress of India.  

George wore the newly-created Imperial. Crown of India at the ceremony. He would show that he was in charge of the destiny of India. He went for a quick win.

The King gave carrot and stick largesse.  The British government would release all political prisoners as a goodwill gesture.  All the prisoners were lined up. Barrie and the jail superintendent marched in. Each prisoner was called ceremoniously and the extent of commutation of his sentence was announced. When Babarao’s turn came, one measly month was reduced from each year of his jail sentence.

By August 1918,  Baburao’s weight had dropped down to a mere 42 kilos and he had shooting pain from his gall bladder.  Towards the end of 1919, when he could no longer walk, the jail superintendent sent
Babarao’s sputum for examination. The doctors diagnosed tuberculosis.  Initially, political prisoners would not be sent to hospital, they were left to die. 

Due to the strike by the political prisoners, and due to orders from Britain, the jail officials gradually started sending sick political prisoners to hospital.  Even Vinayak Tatyarao was kept in hospital for one year when he fell ill.  But Babarao was not so fortunate .Neither did he receive any medicines nor was he sent to hospital. Even when he had fever of 102 ºF, diarrhea and cough, he was made to do hard labour.

Back home the youngest brother, Narayanrao made earnest efforts to secure the release of his two elder brothers Babarao and Tatyarao.  Babarao’s first letter from the Andamans reached Narayanrao in July 1912.  

On 24 December 1919, the Bombay Government said that it was willing to consider the proposal for clemency in case of all political prisoners except the Savarkar brothers! In a telegram dated 30 December 1919, the Government of India seconded the opinion that the Savarkar brothers be excluded from general clemency.

In February 1920, Lokmanya Bal Gangadhara Tilak himself wrote directly to Montague demanding that Tatyarao be freed. In a memorandum dated 30 March 1920, Savarkar listed various reasons why Babarao Vinayak and he should be released. The Bombay Government could not care less.

In 1920, the National Union presented a memorandum to the government demanding the release of the Savarkar brothers. The memorandum had 70000 signatures.  In February 1920 the Government refused to accept this petition on the flimsy grounds that it was not addressed to the Cabinet Minister for India--just a sham excuse. 

In an article entitled Savarkar brothers written in Young India dated 26 May 1920, Mahatma Gandhi supported the demand for their release of the Savarkar brothers.  Mahatma Gandhi had the power -- British would listen only to him.   So the people of India were forced to follow Gandhiji. Gandhiji was their type of freedom fighter. He was non-violent. 

It was now well known in India that Ganesh Babarao Savarkar would die soon of gall bladder inflammation. Already Kanhare and Dhingra had shown what could happen to the British when it came to Ganesh Savarkar.  . 



Babarao and Tatyarao were now asked to pack their belongings.. There was happiness and celebrations in Cellular jail.  Many cried with joy, some brought flowers, others gave gifts. The brothers were moved.  In his farewell address,Tatyarao Vinayak , the lawyer from Britain,  gave a message to those present: “Ek dev, ek desh, ek aashaa, Ek jaati, ek jeev, ek bhaashaa” (“One god, one country, one aspiration, One community, one life, one language”)



On 02 May 1921, the guard told them that a posse of guards had arrived to accompany them to the mainland. Both Babarao and Tatyarao were made to stand near the gates of the Cellular Jail. They were handed over to their new guards. The guard said that it was not necessary to bind them in fetters any more.  Babarao had entered these gates in 1910, Tatyarao had followed him in 1911..

The two brothers started walking towards the sea to board MV. Maharaja to a tearfull farewell. After a horrible sea crossing , when they saw India’s coastline, Tatyarao exclaimed to Babarao, “Baba, look at Bharat mata” . Both stood up and folded their hands in reverence.“Swatantryalakshmi ki jai Vande Mataram!! ( Salute to the Goddess of Liberty! Salute to the Motherland!!).

After landing in Calcutta, the two brothers were kept for fifteen days in Alipore jail.  On 26 May 1921, they were separated.  Babarao was escorted by two British guards and dragged away as he could not walk because of the gall bladder pain.  Tatyarao wondered if this was the last time he would be seeing his brother alive. 

Babarao was put in a train.. After two days, he was in another jail.. It was then that he was told that this was Bijapur jail for solitary confinement.  Two guards led Babarao through a narrow tunnel and thrown into a dark dungeon full of mosquitoes and insects-- retribution for the strike he lead at the Cellular jail. 

Just when he was thinking positive , that at least there is no chakki to peese , the petty warden and a couple of guards thrust a huge wheat grinder and a sack of wheat into the cell. “That is your punishment. If you do not grind this wheat to fine powder in another 8 hours,  you shall receive further punishment ”

For last twelve years,  Babarao had been subjected to the worst torture and he could NOT even stand . Diarrhoea, migraine, cough and tuberculosis were all slowly wasting away his body.  But Babarao’s spirit and pride was uncommon.  He mustered his last reserves and started grinding the chakki.  Ganesh spent another five months in Bijapur laboring this way.  The period from November 1921 to January 1922 was spent at the doorstep of death. 



It was in the beginning of December 1921 that the youngest brother Narayanrao finally got permission to meet Babarao. When he went to meet Babarao in jail  the warden rudely told him, “Take off your bloody  Gandhi cap. You cannot see him that way.”  Infuriated by this insult, Narayanrao turned back without meeting Babarao.  He shot off telegrams to the Viceroy, District Magistrate and to all the newspapers. The Government had to relent.  Narayanrao had his way. 

But what Narayanrao now saw before him was almost a living corpse. Babarao could not speak more than a minute at a time before he would become breathless and he could not look at the light. When Narayanrao reached Mumbai, he publicized the harrowing treatment being meted out to Babarao with the assistance of Horniman of Bombay Chronicle. 

This had the desired effect. Towards the end of January 1922, Babarao was shifted out of the horrible Bijapur Jail.  He was promptly lodged in the Sabarmati Jail.  Babarao had spent the period from May 1921 to January 1922 in Bijapur Jail. These eight months of solitary confinement were even more terrible than the years in the Cellular Jail.  

On January 1922, Babarao was shifted to the Sabarmati Jail again in solitary confinement.

The other inmates of Sabarmati jail were convinced that Babarao would not recover . The Sindhi leader Jairamdas Daulatram felt that a great man like  Babarao must not die this way.  He wrote a report on Babarao’s condition with the intention of sending it to Narayanrao. One of prison officials kindly agreed to smuggle it out of prison at his own risk.

He took the letter and went straight to the Gandhi ashram in Sabarmati. He met a Maharashtrian Gandhian named Kakarnamak and asked him to post the letter from Karnavati  (now Ahmedabad).  This precaution was taken just in case the letter was found and the sender was traced. 

The prison official explained to Kakarnamak that a fellow Maratha , Babarao Savarkar, the great revolutionary was counting his last moments in Sabarmati Jail. The letter written to his younger brother would give Babarao the satisfaction of dying on his brother’s lap. 

That “true Gandhian” replied  , the way he was tutored , “I am a follower of Gandhi and a firm believer in truth and non-violence. Doing clandestine activities is against our philosophy and hence tantamount to sin. Forgive me. I shall not be able to comply with your request.”

The prison official was dumb-struck and dismayed at the Gandhian’s attitude. He turned back without a word, gave money to a total stranger and asked him to post the letter at Karnavati. 

At the time , the national leadership had passed into the hands of Mahatma Gandhi-- and Gandhiji did NOT want any Babarao Ganesh Savarkar around.  

Netaji Bose would understand what I mean.

The letter reached Narayanrao. On reading its contents, Narayanrao started running from pillar to post to arrange for Babarao’s medical treatment.  A Civil Surgeon landed in Sabarmati Jail to examine Babarao. The Civil Surgeon examined Babarao from 9.00 am to 2.00 pm. He opined that Babarao may live for another 1-2 days at the most.

He conveyed his opinion to the Administrator. Fearing that the Government would be answerable if Babarao were to die within the four walls of the prison, the Administrator promptly issued orders for Babarao’s release. He also wrote to Narayanrao, “Your brother has been released .Make your own arrangements to take him away from Sabarmati Jail.”

It was only after the Government was convinced that Babarao would surely die that he was finally released. He was brought out of jail on a stretcher. As he was being taken out, Bhansali embraced Babarao and began sobbing like a child. There was not a dry eye around.

Babarao finally emerged out of Sabarmati jail on a stretcher. He had entered jail in June 1909. It was in September 1922 that he was finally released . Babarao thus spent over thirteen years in prison under the most harrowing conditions. But the toll was severe . This mountain of a virile yogi had become a virtual corpse.
  
Babarao under brotherly love and care, defied logic and death . He miraculously survived.  

He was destined to live for another twenty-three years.

The spirit of Babarao was intact. The year was 1923.  Mamarao Joglekar, the eminent Hindu leader from Akola (Maharashtra) was traveling from Kalyan to Nashik by train.  Seated opposite to him was Professor Damodar Ganesh Padhye from Nashik.  As the train halted at a station, Padhye alighted from the train to buy some fruits.  He kept his pugree (traditional Maharashtrian headgear) and umbrella on his seat and left his seat.

As soon as he alighted, a burly Pathan shifted from his seat, threw away his belongings and sat there in his place. When Padhye came back, he was surprised to see the Pathan there. Padhye pleaded with the Pathan to allow him to occupy his rightful place. However, the arrogant Pathan started acting tough abusing frail Padhye.

Suddenly, a sickly frail passenger who was sitting two places away got up and leaped on the Pathan. Apparently trained in wrestling he brought down the Pathan in a moment and sitting on the Pathan’s chest, started raining blows on him.  Next, he tugged so hard at the Pathan’s beard that a handful of hair came off. And that snapped the Pathan back to reality.

The Pathan started howling in pain. Terrified, he beat a hasty retreat. Shouting “Tobaa, Tobaa, Ya Allah”, the Pathan went to another compartment .

Mamarao Joglekar who was a witness to this remarkable incident asked the sickly passenger his name.

“My name is Baba Ganesh Savarkar” was the reply!
  
A new phase in Babarao’s life started.  This was the phase as thinker, writer and organizer. Till he died Babarao devoted himself to the task of awakening Hindu society . He tried his best to close the fissures a fellow Maharashtrian , a Mahar by the name of BR Ambedkar, as a stooge of the British,  introduced to Hindu society..
  
Babarao wrote the book Rashtramimansa va Hindusthanche rashtraswaroop in 1931 when he was in Kashi. This is widely regarded as his bestwork.  He would start an freedom fighting organisation by the name of RSS .  Babarao would design the flag of RSS.  He would write the pledge for RSS.

Towards the end of 1924, Babarao arrived in Nagpur. He was put up at the residence of Advocate Vishwanathrao Kelkar who was his distant relative and Dr. Hedgewar’s close friend. Babarao used to attract patriotic youngsters wherever he went. His stay in Nagpur saw several youngsters visiting him and discussing the state of the sad state of India and Hindu society.

Among these youngsters was Dr. Hedgewar. Babarao became convinced that there was no one more suitable than Dr. Hedgewar to carry forward the freedom fighting activities . Dr. Hedgewar translated his long cherished dream into reality on Vijayadashmi day in 1925.  This was the beginning of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS).

RSS would counter the propaganda of BR Ambedkar , by deeds.  BR Ambedkar , on behalf of the British would be shouting from the rooftops about Britsih rule being better for the lower castes than self rule. 

There was NIL casteism in RSS.  The RSS cadres knew not nor cared not who was Brahmin and who was untouchable.  They ate together and slept together. They drank water from the same tumbler. 

This was a time when the British started hanging the Indian freedom fighters enmasse, for flimsy reasons , using traitor Muslim Indians as connivers and false witnesses. .

Mahatma Gandhi said  "When I visited the RSS Camp, I was very much surprised by your discipline and absence of untouchablity." He personally inquired to low caste Swayamsevaks and found that they were living and eating together in the camp without bothering to know their castes.  This was Utopia .
   
Even a high strung character like BR Ambedkar, who could NOT see outside the Dalit prism, admitted " This is the first time that I am visiting the camp of Sangh volunters. I am happy to find absolute equality between Savarniyas (Upper cast) and Harijans (Lower cast) without any one being aware of such difference existing. When I asked asked Dr Hedgewar whether there were any untouchables in the camp, he replied that there are neither "touchables" nor "untouchables" but only Hindus.”.

BR Ambedkar and Mahatma Gandhi knew in their hearts, that their Harijan uplift theory was only on paper, and only RSS had the means and power to convert it into practise. Since when has deeds become less important than words?   

Babarao often wondered why Gandhiji placed Sanskrit after Arabic, Persian and Urdu in order of importance. He felt sad at the way Gandhiji appeased the Muslims and had underhand dealings with the British.

BR Ambedkar who was groomed by Winston Churchill to drive a wedge into the heart of Hinduism, was sent for Higher education to Opium drug funded Columbia University, owned by British East India Company.  He was ironically given Bharat Ratna.  

BR Ambedkar did NOT want British to leave India.  He did NOT spend a single minute of his life in any freedom struggle.  I dare anybody to prove me wrong. When the entire nation had risen against the British in 1857, only the Mahar caste of BR Ambedkar, has supported the British, along with the Sikhs. Rest everbody including Muslims fought against Britain.

Gandhi’s treachery against the revolutionaries and Gandhi’s efforts to crown the rabid Islamic Nizam as the sovereign of a future sovereign Hindusthan,  and the appeasement policies pursued by the Congress deeply pained Babarao.

In 1924-25, Babarao was in Dhantoli (Nagpur) to recuperate from illness. There, he met a scholar from Andhra Pradesh who had a treasure of information on Jesus from old Sanskrit archives.  The scholar mentioned to Babarao that Ramaswamy Iyer, a resident of Madras (now Chennai) had done some research which proved that Jesus was a  Hindu.  It is a well known fact that Jesus was in Kerala for three years learning Ayurveda, mediation and healing , before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem suddenly as a full grown adult.

As evidence to show that Christ came to Hindusthan,  Babarao mentions books such as Naatha-Naamaavali, Tarikh-i-Ajam, Ikmaba Udadinan d Barlan the Josephet.  Babarao too concluded that Jesus was a Hindu.. He exhorted  the Christians in Hindusthan to accept the fact that they are not different from the Hindus but members of a cult established by a Hindu philosopher , like Buddha..

Babarao’s well-wishers would then warn him that he would lose popularity and be shunned by the people at large and Congressmen in particular if he continued to criticize Gandhi. Babarao would calmly reply that he had forsaken his home ,hearth and wife for the sake of his motherland.  He would continue to expose Gandhi’s anti- Hindu activities, and the truth, even if that meant inviting contempt and ridicule.

On 14 March, 1945, he lost the ability to speak. He could barely breathe. His whole body was swollen. When he was shifted from his sickbed, hundreds of red ants were found on the mattress. The attending doctors gave up hope.  

On 16 March, Babarao’s sense of pain vanished. .He passes away at around 2.15 pm.   

Thousands  of people started pouring from different villages and towns.  A massive funeral procession started and lakhs of people including Muslims and Christians , showered flowers at different places. The Bhagwa flag of the Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh was lowered at half-mast and the Sangh prayer was sung.

Then Dr. Narayanrao Savarkar lit the pyre and the flames engulfed Babarao’s lifeless body. Keeping the funeral pyre as witness, thousands of Indians vowed to carry on the sacred life mission of Babarao -- ‘maa phaleshu kadaachana’ ( expect not the fruit -- the Bhagwad Gita ).

Back in London-- 

On 17th Aug 1909, a Christian preacher named Hudson walked up to Dhinghra to say a final Christian prayer for him.   But Dhingra turned him away saying that he was a Hindu.  The Deputy Under-Sheriff of London Metcalf read out the death warrant to Dhingra in the presence of Deputy Governor Hales of Pentonville prison and asked him the usual questions. 



But Dhingra ignored their questions and walked calmly to the noose. His bravery left the accompanying offcers dumb-founded. Officer Pierpoint stood at the hangman's noose waiting for Dhingra. Dhingra smiled at him and ascended the steps to the platform. He himself placed the noose round his neck. 

Soon thereafter, the wooden platform underneath was withdrawn. Dhingra's body dropped eight feet and lay hanging. As per convention, his limp body was left hanging for half an hour. When his body was brought down, the face was smiling. 

He had avenged the illegal deportation to Kaala pani, of a great Indian patriot by the name of Ganesh Babarao Savarkar. 

Dhingra wished that last rites according to Hindu Dharma should be performed on his dead body and it should be cremated.  Many Hindus petitioned to the Home Secretary Mr Herbert Gladstone that Dhingra's body should be handed over to them, as several Brahmins were ready to perform the last rites. 

This request was denied!  The last wish of a man sent to the gallows was denied--such was British justice!  His body was put in a coffin, which was buried within the prison premises.

After Dhingra went to the gallows, the Times, London wrote an editorial (24 July 1909) titled 'Conviction of Dhingra".  The editorial said, "The nonchalance displayed by the assassin was of a character, which is happily unusual in such trials in this country. He asked no questions. He maintained a defiance of studied indifference. He walked smiling from the Dock."



  
Madanlal Dhingra’s final statement was as inspiring as his actions. Titled ‘Challenge’ it read as follows:
Challenge

1. "I admit the other day; I attempted to shed English blood as an humble revenge for the inhuman hangings and deportations of patriotic Indian youths. In this attempt, I have consulted none but my own conscience; I have conspired with none, but my own duty.

2. "I believe that a nation held down in bondage with the help of foreign bayonets is in a perpetual state of war. Since open battle is rendered impossible to a disarmed race, I attacked by surprise; since guns were denied to me, I drew forth my pistol and fired.

3. "As a Hindu I felt that a wrong done to my country is an insult to God. Her cause is the cause of Sri Ram! Her services are the services of Sri Krishna! Poor in health and intellect, a son like myself has nothing else to offer to the Mother but his own blood and so I have sacrificed the same on her altar.

4. "The only lesson required in India at present is to learn how to die and the only way to teach it, is by dying ourselves. Therefore I die and glory in my martyrdom! This war of Independence will continue between India and England, so long as the Hindu and the English races last (if the present unnatural relation does not cease!)

5. "My only prayer to God is: May I be reborn of the same Mother and may I redie in the same sacred cause, till the cause is successful and she stands free for the good of humanity and the glory of God!"

 -Vande Mataram-

Dhingra's martyrdom evoked the respect of some members of the Cabinet. This was disclosed later to Blunt by Winston Churchill. Blunt writes (My Diaries, Vol.2, p. 288, entry for 03 October 1909), 

"Again we sat up late. Among the many memorable things Churchill said was this. Talking of Dhingra, he said that there has been much discussion in the Cabinet about him. Lloyd George had expressed to him his highest admiration of Dhingra's attitude as a patriot, in which he shared…" He will be remembered two thousand years hence, as we remember Regulus and Caractacus and Plutarch's heroes and Churchill quoted with admiration Dhingra's last words, as the finest, ever made in the name of patriotism…"
   
“I do not care for my life. You are all powerful. You can do what you like.   But remember, that one day India shall be powerful and then we shall do what we like" were his last words when the English judge read his sentence.

During his brief stay in London, Gandhi, the much-touted apostle of non violence, deplored Madanlal Dhingra and other revolutionaries to please the British, declared them anarchists and said, “Is killing honourable?  Is the dagger of an assassin a fit precursor of an honourable death?”

Dhingra’s martyrdom and his last statement evoked widespread sympathy and admiration in Ireland.  Posters entitled “Ireland Honours Dhingra” along with the last statement adorned the walls in Ireland.

Madan Lal Dhingra's coffin was exhumed on 12 December 1976 in the presence of Natwar Singh, then Acting High Commissioner for India and the coffin flown back to India. 

Madan Lal Dhingra lives on in the hearts of his country men. 



Now, some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani--

The cry JAI HIND was NOT coined by Netaji Bose.  It was made by Dr Champakaraman Pillai ,  who formed the Berlin Committee in Germany to assist freedom fighters before the 1st World war . He  had direct dealings with Hitler. He died on May 28th, 1934 under suspicious circumstances , because he asked for a written apology from Hitler with a deadline, for derogatory reference to Indians in his book Mein Kamph.. His ashes were scattered in Karamana River in Thiruvananthapuram.  His ashes could not be brought in before, due to objections from Gandhiji and Nehru . The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought the great patriot Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.   He had come to Madras on German battleship, SS Emden and angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara. 

Punch into Google search-
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMEN, KARL VON MULLER , CAPTAIN OF SMS EMDEN VADAKAYIL


Rash Behari Bose was in Japan taking shelter with Mitsuru Toyama, head of the dreaded Yakuza.

Bagha Jatin the great patriot was in charge in India —the Bengal Tiger of India.

Pandit Shyamaji Krishnavarma, formed  Indian Home Rule Society, India House in London . His ashes too were rejected by Gandhi and Nehru.  Finally Bollywood actor Vinod Khanna , Narendra Modi , and others etc pulled levers, and this great patriot's ashes was officially handed over to the Chief Minister of Gujarat State on August 22, 2003,  by the Ville de Genève and the Swiss government, 55 years after Indian Independence.

Well what do we know?-- the young generation knows Diggi Vijay , Ambika Soni , Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal etc , right?


ARE THERE ARE MORE OF SUCH 

PATRIOTS IN INDIA?

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
BAUXITE MINING, NAXALITE MENACE, JOSHUA CONSPIRACY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



VEDANTA , BAUXITE MINING,  NAXALITE MENACE,  MAOIST VIOLENCE ,  RED CORRIDOR,  FOREIGN FUNDED NGOS,  JOSHUA CONSPIRACY-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





I should have written all this one year ago-- it has been simmering inside me for long--time to let it overflow. 

India will go to the dogs soon.  Enough of minority appeasement and pseudo-secularism.

If you look all over the Internet there are millions of posts on the subject of Naxalism in India.

Nobody has been able to appreciate the root cause . If you cant do that , you cannot get rid of Naxalite terrorism in India. Just shooting bullets on Naxalites is NOT gonna solve this problem. Someone else will pick up the gun. For the enemies of the Nation are stoking the fire.

Every fire can be extinguished if you know the FIRE TRIANGLE. You just need to knock off one leg of this 3 legged stool of legs Oxygen/ Fuel / Heat. I will introduce you to all the 3 legs of Naxalism, today. If patriots pay heed, you can save India.

The main reason is that the Media, TV journalists and politicians do NOT have the IQ or cerebral matter to use their perception . Some of the lawyer type politicians who do understand what is really happening choose to put a smoke screen , as they are corrupt. The public seems to be indifferent.



If I had my way, I would NOT allow MPs to enter Parliament and Media to shoot their mouths off or Journalists to push their pens or mouses,  unless they pass a basic IQ test. This is just to check out if they have brains inside or s#it.

I will address this problem today-- naked truth will be penned. I really don't care whose toes I will be trampling on in the process. The common Indian deserves to know the truth.

I must first explain what is Bauxite mining. This will be the first step.



Let me spell out a Cree Indian proverb. " Only when the last tree has been cut, the last fish caught and the last river has died, man will realise that he cannot eat money "



The developed West has gone back to green fields, blue skies and clean rivers. They now shrewdly push under developed countries into polluting their lands , skies and water.



All these developed countries have enormous reserves of Bauxite . But they under declare them. They want the water retention capability of their soils to be intact.  This forced the third world countries to mine Bauxite. The poor countries have to rape their lands so that the West can have their Coke , chocolates ,arms and vehicles.



Mining Bauxite is a terribly messy job, unlike other type of mining . Here you have to do OPEN mining, also known as strip mining. Other mines have tunnels under the ground . You never see these tunnels from top. All you see is a small diameter vertical shaft.



You have to understand the process of Bauxite mining, if you want to understand the Naxalite problem and the Joshua Conspiracy in India.

In India 5 tonnes of Bauxite ore has to be unearthed to produce 1 tons of Aluminium.  The process is done by open cast mining.  Bauxite ore is 50% Alumina ore.



First the vegetation and trees have to be removed. This is like shaving off a round strip on your head to expose the scalp. When you clear the vegetation the flora and fauna is decimated.

Now the 4 metres of top soil has to be removed by heavy bulldozers to expose and then access the red Bauxite ore underneath. Mined bauxite resembles small red pebbles, called pisolites,  averaging about five millimeters in diameter. The Bauxite ore crusher works overtime.


  
Before you do that the people around have to be relocated by giving them monetary compensation, which satisfies them. The birds bees and animals displaced should be able to escape to a suitable forest nearby. Very important medicinal plants must be saved and replanted immediately.



If the mining company is socially responsible, they will store this fertile top soil under a covered roof, and then after the mining is completed , they will fill up the same amount of porous middle soil ( as much as the quantity of Bauxite removed )  in the pits and replace the top soil, to create the ORIGINAL condition. 



Then they will plant the tress and create conditions which cause the animals and birds  who have fled to come back. This rehabilitation costs money. The fact remains that 20% of the forest cover will be cleverly converted to commercial lands, and sold off for enormous profits. 

Unless there is strict supervision by the Environment Ministry, who will impose heavy fines if they are NOT satisfied. It is a tall order for a rain forest to grow back to its original pristine state. This might take another 50 years.

If the mining company does NOT do this they displace all living things including plants . This is environmental rape. For this area will now be barren. It will also destroy the surroundings. 

The rivers and ground water will be polluted. Fish will die. When it rains all water around becomes red, and even aerobic bacteria dies.This spells doom for all life inside soil.



Aluminium can be recycled. A Coke can can be recycled to make another new one.Aluminium is the most abundant metal in the Earth's crust, and the third most abundant element. The estimated reserves of bauxite in India are 2.9 billion tonnes and Orissa has over 50% of India's bauxite reserves.

Now, 1 ton of  Caustic soda impregnated toxic red coloured waste is a by product of every ton of Alumina ore , from which a 500 kilos of Aluminium metal is made.. The mining company is they are responsible has to dispose this off.  If they do NOT do it, the locals will protest. 



Caustic Soda is required to extract Alumina ore from Bauxite ore.  Caustic Soda percolates into the ground water. The read ore overwhelms the ponds and rivers. A fine layer of dust will remain all over the place, and it makes a huge visual impact.  

If the tribal protests are unheeded due to Police-Mining mafia, Politician nexus, then the locals will take up arms , to survive. Be very clear here, I am talking about survival.  Laws are for people with full stomachs.

Once the Bauxite is removes the water retention capability of the soil is severely reduced. Lower level of ground water means, tube wells and bore wells run dry. This means annual crops cannot be grown like before and the farmers have to settle for the second best, which is tree crops and pasture. 



Bauxite acted as a  sponge to retain water while it rains and releases slowly, like from under water springs,  flowing into the perennial rivers. Bauxite mining would destroy the streams and  rivers.

The mining plant requires power for Alumina calcining and the driers.  Diesel generators require fuel. Burning furnace oil or mineral Diesel oil pollutes the air.  Noise scares away the birds and the bees. 

The fine dust of Bauxite and Alumina causes Asthma and Rhinitis . The fine dust pervades everywhere, into the houses and kitchens, downwind. Aluminium refining requires lot of water.
  
Odisha government in its reply to a Supreme Court query in 2007 on the impact of bauxite mining on forest, flora, fauna and tribal population made it clear that the total forest area involved in bauxite mining as a percentage of total forest area of Koraput and Kalahandi districts was a mere 1.52%.  To these idiots I will say this—this 1.52% royally screws up nay rapes , the whole goddamn area—savvy?.



Bauxite mining is more ecofriendly than any other minerals," says PK Jena, former sold out director general, of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research and chairman of city-based Institute of Advance Technology and Environmental Studies (IATES). This is bull of the first order. This moron man must be sacked and jailed for disinformation.

Another idiot, APMDC managing director Mukesh Kumar Meena , cried that bauxite mining was meant to develop the tribal areas.

Bauxite is refined by a electrolytic process, which consumed Silica and Carbon . Flouride emissions pollute the ground water. Flouride calcified the Pineal Gland. Future generations are born daft. Flourine is absorbed by the plants . It accumulates in the bones . 

It decays the bones and teeth of humans and animals who eat these leaves. Babies have low birth weights. Flourine , which is the most electro-negative of all elements, reduces crop yields and retards flora growth, as it attached itself to soil.



THE EVILS OF BAUXITE MINING WAS ALREADY KNOWN TO THE MINUTEST DETAIL TO THE CHRISTIAN CHURCH. 

This is where "  the Joshua Project " of Vatican comes into play.

US president George  Bush had given 20 Billion dollars to put the "soul harvesting " or " conversion to Christianity " plan  into effect. The whole world was racially profiled. Ethnographic data like DNA, ethnicity, caste , creed , language - to check out for easy pickings and quick wins. 

The whole mineral rich forests of India inhabited by non-mixing tribals was on focus.  

Create suffering and "survival " problems.    They go in and save them.    This is the meaning of "soul harvesting "  -- save the drowning,  who will clutch on to any last straw..



On Jan 29th 2001, the Joshua project was launched. It was white washed as a respectable "social service initiative" to fund the Christian missionaries.  Jim Towey was the director . The Vatican knew where to get easy pickings from--the poorest of the poor in deep forests . 

Jim Towey was Mother Theresa 's lawyer. Mother Theresa was awarded Nobel prize, which even Gandhiji did NOT get ,  and of course Bharat Ratna.

If you want to know the true naked face of this evil woman who is now a "saint" , punch into Google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL VADAKAYIL.

Mother Theresa was the poster girl for Vatican. She had proved it is very easy to convert, the poorest of the poor , into Christianity, by carrot on stick method.

Joshua II project included intelligence gathering and deception using evangelists--along with conversions to Christianity. Our Andhra CM , YSR was part of the Joshua Plan.  YSR being Christian was given a free run in Andhra Pradesh, by Sonia  .  YSR doled out Bauxite mining leases in a corrupt manner from 2005 to 2010. 



Penna Cements group got bauxite mines in Andhra Pradesh during YSR regime .This was in gross violation of the Andhra Pradesh Scheduled Area Land Transfer Regulation Act (ALTRA), the Panchayat (Extension to Scheduled Areas) Act (PESA) and the Forest Rights Act. ALTRA prohibits transfer of tribal land to non-tribals even on lease while PESA makes gram sabha’s consent mandatory for implementing any project in Schedule Five area.  

Furthermore, the mining plan also violates the spirit of the Supreme Court’s Samata Judgment of 1997, which prevents private companies from owning or leasing land for mines or industry in the Scheduled areas of the state. Andhra Pradesh holds an estimated 570 million tonnes of bauxite, which, according to the Geological Survey of India, is 21 per cent of the country’s total reserve. 

More than 90 per cent of this reserve is concentrated in six deposits in Visakhapatnam district on the mountain caps of the Eastern Ghats. The deposits fall in the reserved forests of the Agency area on the Andhra-Odisha border. MoUs issued by YSR were signed in a very tactical way to circumvent the laws and court rulings protecting rights of the tribal communities in the area and maintaining the ecological balance.

Bauxite mining leases issued between 2005 and 2010 in Vishakhapatnam violated the regulation which bars the sale or lease of tribal land to non-tribals. These leases were given by state-owned AP Mining Development Corporation during the Y S Rajasekhara Reddy regime. 

Under Schedule V,  the AP state governor is empowered to veto the implementation of any law on the grounds of land alienation of tribals, regulation of land allotment and money-lending activities.



The CBI found that YSR’s son Jagan Mohan Reddy had amassed enormous personal wealth by misusing the office of his late father, who was chief minister for six years till September 2009. . In all, Jagan had mobilized at least Rs 1,172 crore from various investors as a bribe amount, the agency said.  

While the government doled out favours to various companies including Hetero group, Aurobindo Pharma, Penna Cements group, Dalmia Cements, India Cements and Ramky Pharma City, Jagan Mohan Reddy , shrewdly ensured that these companies invested in his businesses, the CBI said in its FIR and charge sheets.

YSR is directly responsible for the RED CORRIDOR running through Andhra Pradesh. He converted Hindus to Christianity using state funds --the taxes paid by the common Indian.  Sonia Gandhi with blessing from Vatican gave a free run to Christian Missionaries in our mineral rich forest areas. CMof Andhra Pradesh YSR was Sonia Gandhi's pet.

Francois Gautier asks in his book : “Are we heading then towards a Christian India under Sonia Gandhi’s helm? It would be a tremendous loss not only to India, but also to the world. For in India, you find the only living spirituality left on this planet.”

Francois Gautier must NOT lose heart. The whole world is coming back to consciousness and Hindusim--this is what the date of 21st Dec 2012 is all about.

Today you find the Naxalite and NE separatists are all Hindus converted to Christianity.  Never mind what "Comrade" Arundati Roy, a Hindu with a Christian name and his cousin Prannoy Roy of NDTV says.  Arundati's stupid prose accounts will only give Hindu names for Ak-47 holding Naxalites. 



This low IQ woman, who can play around with English words is a desh drohi.  She was made into a heroine like Amartya Sen, by giving her an Booker award for her fiction book God of Small things. This book was given a publicity blitzkrieg by Rothschild owned media. Then hey presto-- like what Chetan Anand is going now--she goes into "preaching mode" .

Now this "not so bright" woman knows everything under the sun. She comes on Rothschild funded TV and gives seditious talk. She is an invitee to all Western embassy cocktail parties--none of whom want India to be a superpower. 

They all want India to disintegrate the way USSR did. They fan the flames using Arundati Roy, their stooge and her ilk. 

 I would like you to read her accounts in naxal "infested "  forests ( she would like me to say "blessed" instead of infested , sorry baby Suzanne  ) where she has so much joy, sleeping in "1000 star hotels", eating "ant pickle"  and squirreled away only for her Guavas-- her blissful dealings with Comrade Joori and Comdrade Magtu and Comrade Kamla and what not? 

Hey- how about Comrade Jack and Comrade Dick and Comrade Prick--  with a Comrade Mary thrown in for good measure?.  




These Catholic Adivasis will now wear polyster pants and frock, and move to big cities in bare feet, to work as servants, and to guard rich men's buildings for a song, right?.   And he will have his own Adivasi Bishop, too.




And once "Sir Dick" Champu and "Madame Mary" Kamla gets a hat and frock, and a Bible for good measure,----




---- he/she has no more use for sacred mountains ( containing copper ) and ancestral graveyards ( containing Bauxite ) in the virgin forests back home , right?



SOO CHWEEET!




Hey Arundathy baby, maybe you can pass the IIT, since you and your admirers think that playing around with flowery English words can do the trick. Just because you know the spelling of environment, don't ever think you also have a Masters degree in environmental science. 

Or may be you can pass an IQ exam with your clever choice of English words?  Wanna pit yourself LIVE with a 15 years old chaiwalla boy from the streets of Mumbai?--we will use your own channel NDTV for this IQ test.

Nowadays Arundathi baby, shares the morbid hallucination of Italian Queen Bee's Christian warrior and Inquisitor , John Dayal (National Integration council  --what a sick joke! ) , that RSS is foreign funded.  Baby,  desi RSS is not based in Rome or Jerusalem or Mecca.  



RSS was born to fight the Christian white invader. And baby, no matter how hard you try, you will be an intellectual only for the white Christian invader . Stop rubbing shoulders with Indian intellectuals -- it cuts NO ice. 

Below Sonia Gandhi's Catholic Inquisitor John Dayal -- "master of lies"?.




“India needs Azadi from Kashmir and Kashmir from India. It is a good debate that has started. We must deepen this conversation and am happy that young people are getting involved for this cause which is their future. Indian Government is a hollow super power and I disassociate with it,” --not so bright Arundhati Roy said.   On October 24, in Srinagar, Arundhati Roy repeated the same charge: "Kashmir has never been an integral part of India. It is an historical fact. Even the Indian Government has accepted this”

This rabid Hindu hating anti-national Christian woman with pedestrian knowledge of Indian history says
 “ The Indian state forcibly or deceitfully annexed the North-East, Goa, Junagarh, Telangana, etc" and that it is "an upper caste Hindu state waging a continuing struggle against the people".   She does not know that Jammu and Kashmir had acceded to the Union of India after its erstwhile ruler Maharaja Hari Singh duly signed the Instrument of Accession on October 26, 1947.   And the state, consequently has become as much an integral part of India as each and every other erstwhile princely states have.


Christian Organisations like the International Mission Board, Southern Baptist Convention, Christian Aid, World Vision, Seventh Day Adventist Church and multi-billion enterprises run by evangelists like Pat Robertson, Billy Graham and Roger Houtsma, amongst many others, were instrumental in running a coordinated conversion campaign in India.



THE CHURCH OF ENGLAND KNEW VERY WELL THAT BAUXITE MINING RAPES THE FORESTS, KILLS THE FLORA AND FAUNA AND PUTS SURVIVAL AT RISK.  IF SO WHY HAVE THEY FUNDED BAUXITE MINING ALL OVER THE WORLD?



Which other religious body on this planets goes into EVIL Bauxite mining?  

What is the catch? 

Below Church of England man in the British House of Lords.




Would the Hindu Shankaracharya buy mines in England , to screw the English people and foster violence there, with an aim to convert Christians to Hindus?

We must remember, the Church of England manages an investment portfolio which is worth more than £8 billion.


Before they can cry innocence-- The Church of England offloaded their 3.8 million British pound stake in Vedanta, the biggest Bauxite mining company in India only 2 years ago, in Feb 2010.  And that too when they got caught with their pants down , and good White Christians in England took them to task-- nay- all the way to China town.  So we have babes in the woods, right?

And mind you this dumping of stake is a big sham. They just put it from the right shirt pocket to the left. The shares went to their own Human rights and Environmental watch Trojan horses--like Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust, the Marlborough Ethical Fund, Millfield House Foundation ,PGGM etc –all a big joke.

Joshua 2 projects includes STEALING of India's Thorium-- the Nuclear fuel which is 150 times more powerful than Uranium.  They have tried to steal Thorium from Kerala and Orissa. Sonia Gandhi's single minded effort to dig the Sethusamudram canal , and her pseudo secularists claiming Ram is fiction, is also part of the Thorium conspiracy. One Tsunami and all our Thorium on the Kerala beaches vanish. 

Now that it may NOT take off, the Vedanta group is prospecting in the Gulf of Mannar. I am very well aware of the prospecting activities done as part of the Joshua Project 2, in Papau new Guinea . I got this information right from the horse's mouth.  Papua New Guinea is being raped and looted-- the Christian missionaries were basically prospectors in Christian priests garb.

Our president Abdul Kalam had told on national television years back that India must develop Thorium based nuclear reactors. Thorium contains 150 times more energy than Uranium and is the MOST efficient combustible . It is found along with actinides Uranium and Plutonium in the Periodic table. Since Thorium is only slightly radio active , it is clean with no burden of nuclear waste disposal. 



The SW Kerala beaches have Thorium--the world's No1 reserves.  A thorium-powered reactor is inherently safe. It doesn't run the risk of "meltdown" or explosion nor can even a dirty bomb be created. Its nuclear reaction simply stops when its neutron exciter is turned off.  

A Memorandum of Under-standing (MoU) was signed between the Orissa government and Vedanta’s Anil Agarwal Foundation in July 2006 for setting up a private world-class 55000 crore ( 1 Billion USD ) Vedanta university near Puri in Orissa with investments to the tune of Rs 15,000 crore.  

The Orissa government got egg on the face and came under  pressure to nullify this MoU after the Central government admitted the fact that rich thorium is present in the land allocated for the university. Anil Agarwal was just a scrap dealer. What a rags to riches story!.

Vedanta was named Vedanta by the Church so that the Tribals reject Hinduism. Already BR Ambedkar has done enough to run down the Vedas and Manu Smriti.  The original Vedas and Manu Smriti does NOT contain any vile things for the lower castes. 

It was the British who re-wrote the Sanskrit texts and educated the lower castes , that it is better to have Christian invader rules than Hindu rule. All this has been done in such a way, that till the Internet age nobody knew the amazing deception. 

Just to give you a hint punch into Google search THE OPIUM RAJA, RAM MOHAN ROY VADAKAYIL.  

The Joshua conspiracy aim was to make the Vedas sound like " Hitler" or " Devil" to the low castes and tribals.

The noble Vedic maharishis who wrote the Vedas were NOT racists.  If you want to know about the Vedic caste system , punch into Google search THE UNTOUCHABLES VADAKAYIL. 

Whatever utter crap you find in the Vedas , that shudras have been made from the feet of God , and Brahmins from the head,  have all been injected by the Christain white man --  the way you put a speck of sand in a oyster to get a fake pearl.

All Rothschild funded Indian media are actively involved in the Joshua Project.    Punch into Google search CNN IBN POLL, GREATEST INDIAN VADAKAYIL.  Rothschild is mainly interested in making money.

Bribes were paid by the bauxite mining companies like Vedanta to the ruling politicians to get mining leases at throw away prices. They flouted all environmental rules till UPA environmental minister Jairam Ramesh, started biting them. 



There are still some patriots left in UPA, who love their motherland more than the Italian waitress and her "not so bright" son. Police and forest rangers were bribed to drive away the poor tribals from their ancestral lands. These people live of the land. Without land, they are helpless.

Now Vedanta is trying to get respectable by buying stakes in Larson and Toubro.  This is like the wolf putting on sheep's clothing to fool the villagers.

The owner of Vedanta Anil Agrawal has friends in Vatican and Rothschilds. he lives in London, in the Shah of Iran's palace --this palace is meant for stooges, who must be arm twisted and black mailed.  Probably Anil Agarwal must check out this palace for night vision hidden cameras and bugs.



The Joshu plot is well laid out. Make life unbearable for the tribals. make them despair, with ground water and streams polluted. Provoke them using Trojan horses in the garb of good Samaritans , to revolt.  Give them guns. 

Brainwash the gun toting Naxalite and Maoist tribals to believe that the innate, structural inequality of Indian society can only be redressed by the violent overthrow of the Indian State. Give them a constant unending supply of expensive ammunition.

Make the Government shoot their own desperately poor people. Spread false propaganda, that only the Church can save them.  Give medicines and money , selectively to "converted to Christian souls" only. This is exactly the way drug runner Rothschild came to India with his shipping fleet British East India company , as traders. 

Soon traders made us slaves.  There were NIL Christians ( except for a few thousand in Kerala ) , when Vasco da Gama landed in Calicut ( my home town ) in 1498. Today do you have any idea how many million Christians are there.  All by carrot and stick sops.  Only Islam had used force.

There was an Inquisition which nobody knew till the Internet age--yes! in India. Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA FRANCIS XAVIER- VADAKAYIL.

Vedanta has been allowed to rape Orissa forests . The financial value of the bauxite deposits of Orissa alone is 4 trillion dollars. One trillion is 1000 billion dollars. 1 Billion is 1000 million dollars. One USD is 56 rupees. Take a calculator and check out how the Govt has allowed our country to be looted.  

The Indian treasury gets a royalty of about 6.6 % only. Like our coal block lease allocations the whole area now belongs to a foreign entity.  He will mine only when the prices go high, or when he wants to do some subversive social engineering.  Till this then it is safe NO CHARGE AT ALL storage space.

Most of the times this coal has already changed hands several times. All making a neat profit, by doing NOTHING!.  On the ship,the Captain knows when the Original Bill of Lading ownership changes hands at sea.

The Indian East Coast region, home to 74% of the total bauxite reserves, continues to be one of the most-neglected regions in the country, as not a single bauxite mine has been opened in the past three decades. It will be jail for trespassing , what with local police connivance.

Do you want to know more about NO CHARGE SAFE STORAGE OF APNA MAAL?



Algeria is one of the richest country of the world. But today the people there live in utter poverty. Naxalite type terrorism has been fanned there by the West and the Church. It is not profitable to trade with Algeria, as insurance costs go too high, and you cant make a profit.  

Today Rothschild controlled insurance houses have brown nosed and bribed their way into India -- with even Ex-US presidents like George Bush pushing their case with Sonia Gandhi.  

Getting back --under the desert sands of Algerian Sahara lies the greatest reserves of gas. This is kept as safe storage. One day when the Christian white man wants the fuel, terrorism will stop with the flick of a switch , and this gas will be stolen . Every foreign funded Christian missionary NGO in India is a Trojan horse. 

Today the Indian Christian refuses to see the truth.  For them their religion ( shoved own their ancestor's throats ) is more important than their motherland.  More than 60% of the millions Christian missionaries world wide are no longer white Christians. They are more loyal to Jerusalem and Rome than to their own country. 

When the Italian Marines at Kochi were jailed ( fishermen shot thinking they were Somalian pirates in broad daylight ) , you should have seen the way the Christian Bishops sweated to please Vatican and Rome. This is despite the fact that the two fishermen killed were Christian Malayalis.

I don't want you to think I am going on a Christian religion bashing tangent.  I am a patriot and I shall tell the truth. It telling the truth is HATE speech, so be it.  

It is amusing to see the word "hate" diluted so badly. A huge vicious goon will beat up a frail old  lady.  When she expostulates, stating the truth, the goon will get her thrown in jail and maligned as a terrorist, using his political and media connections-- for , hold your breath--"hate speech" --  BRAVO!

TEE HEEEE--something funny after so much of serious reading, right?. OK, take a deep breath, there are more shocking truths to be spilled-- in this post. All I am saying is,  be an Indian first, then a Christian .

To be frank it is so easy to mark out the MAOIST or Naxal corridor.  Just find out where all Bauxite mining MOU leases have been doled out. There is NO need to have Israeli drones and surveillance cameras for this.  Since all this MOU is a secret, only the UPA Ministry of mines can do this job.  Even the Environment ministry will be in the dark. 



2014, general elections are nearing.  All you traitors politicians, be ready to pack up your bori-bistar and go to a smelly scratchy part of jail.  Raja style or Kanimozhi style. Wanna bet, who will have the last laugh? When you rape pristine forests and eco-systems, to fill up foreign pockets , there will be  divine retribution.

Can you belive this? Chid , was non-executive ( sic!)  director of Vedanta. The book Vedanta's Billions authored by one R Poddar claims that Chidambaram had served as a director of a company Vedanta Resources, owned by industrialist Anil Agarwal and drawn huge perks. 

The book said Chidambaram was a director in Agarwal's company 'Vedanta Resources' in 2003 at a salary of US $70,000 and other perks before assuming the responsibility as the Finance Minister of the country. The book also said Anil Aggarwal' family has 88 per cent shares in Sterlite company. 

When the Indian military forces and the naxalites fight with each other, and locals are driven away--who wins?  the mine owners, right !  Chid claims that he joined Vedanta to learn global finance.


Home Minister Chid in his over enthusiasm wanted our Indian Air Force to bomb the Naxalites. It was a bizarre moment when the Air Chief Marshall PV Naik used his innate wisdom ( against a democratic government  ) and strongly opposed this proposal . He said, “ The military—air force, army and navy—are trained to inflict maximum lethality and NOT minimum lethality.  He said that the Indian airforce is geared to attack foreign enemies and NOT our own poor country men.

So our Chid was learning --just like how our "not so bright" Yuv-raj used Indian Parliament for "learning" .


Digression:   Chid made mE day when he repeated MOTA MAAL told by Sushma Swaraj in the Lok Sabha , as MOCHA MAWL .

It is common knowledge to Ministry babus, that when Chid, became finance minister, one of the first clearances he gave for FDI was to Twinstar Holdings, a Mauritius-based company, to buy shares in Sterlite, a part of the Vedanta group. Vedanta Aluminium is headquartered in Jharsuguda, State of Orissa.  Vedanta owns 70.5% of the share capital of Vedanta Aluminium and Sterlite owns the remaining 29.5%.


  
When the Indian military forces and the naxalites fight, with each other, and all locals are driven away for good  --who wins?  the mine owners, right? And remember Church of England is a benami mine owner.

Mining group Vedanta Resources paid $5.69 million (about Rs 28 crore) to political parties in India in last three years.Without disclosing the beneficiaries, billionaire Anil Agarwal-promoted Vedanta in its annual report for 2011-12 stated that it paid $2.01 million to political parties in 2011-12. 

This donation was, however, lower than $3.66 million it had paid in 2009-10, when last general elections were held in the country. A company spokesperson did not reply to the queries. According to its annual reports, Vedanta has paid $8.29 million to the political parties since 2003-04, when it got listed on London Stock Exchange.



Above --Remote controlled ( by Vatican powered Italian Queen bee ) our weak PM Manmohan Singh ( he is a very good man personally ).

"The board believes that supporting the political process in India will encourage and strengthen the democratic process," it said in its annual report for 2011-12.”--Oh, really? How nice!

Let us not forget , Tata Sons Electoral Trust was the first body set up by a business conglomerate in the country to formalise the process of donating money to the political parties. This Trust was in news immediately after the elections, when Union railway minister Mamata Banerjee declined a cheque of over Rs 27 lakh from the Trust.

The Bharti Electoral Trust, of Walmart  India, donates enormous amounts to the Congress by cheque.

Electoral trusts are created as pass-through vehicles for routing donations to political parties, and are approved by the Central Board of Direct Taxes. Currently, 100% deduction is allowed only if donations are made directly to political parties .In 2003, India enacted a new law that made private donations to political parties easier.  

This law allows contributions by private companies to political parties, with a maximum limit of 5% of their profits.  It also makes it mandatory for contributions to be made by cheque, and requires that parties audit their annual accounts and maintain a list of donors who give in excess of Rs 20,000 and submit this to the Election Commission.

Vedanta, which has emerged as THE mining and natural resources giant in last one decade, had reported revenues of over $14 billion during the last fiscal. Its subsidiaries include Sterlite Industries, Sesa Goa, Cairn India and Hindustan Zinc. 


The total remuneration of Agarwal-saab , who holds over 56 per cent stake in the London Stock Exchange listed firm, stood at 1.731 million pounds in 2010-11. Rothschild managed banks are the financiers. At the Rothschild’s front webpage you can see -- Recent M&amp;A Deals - “US$8.5bn disposal of an up to 51% stake in Cairn India to Vedanta Resources.”

Vedanta is funded by more than 30 major (mainly Rothschild controlled)  banks and financial agencies including HSBC, Deutsche Bank, Axa, Royal Bank of Canada, Credit Suisse, J P Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs, Lloyds Banking Group, Nordea Bank, HSBC, ICICI, Citigroup, National Bank of Kuwait, ANZ and Merrill Lynch. 

The University Superannuations Scheme (USS) pension fund, the Royal Bank ofScotland (RBS) and Cheshire, Suffolk, Wolverhampton and Leicestershire county council’s pension schemes hold large investments.  Recently the Norwegian Government Pension Fund, Martin Currie Investments, the Church of England, the Joseph Rowntree Charitable Trust and the Dutch Pension Fund PGGM have divested because of Vedanta’s ecological, and human rights crimes.

The UK’s Department for International Development (DfID) and Department of Trade and Industry (DTI) helped launch Vedanta on the London Stock Exchange and continues to support the company.

A bid by British mining giant Vedanta Resources to repair its tarnished international reputation has backfired after two major Bollywood celebrities withdrew from a film competition supposed to show the ‘happiness’ the company creates. 



Renowned filmmaker Shyam Benegal and Bollywood actress Gul Panag were both part of a judging panel, which had until the end of this month to pick a winning film out of the 38 submitted.The objective of the competition was to show the ‘happiness’ Vedanta brings to local communities where it works.

The claim by Vedanta on their  website http://www. creating happiness.in/about_us.html is the biggest  scam  of the century.As many as 38 films have been made by 114 students from 21 colleges. Vedanta had uploaded all films on its official YouTube channel.  Vedanta’s billboards hung out in the Indian forests sing “Mining happiness for the people of Orissa”.

For years people have been drinking, cooking, swimming and bathing in the red contaminated water and are dying of cancer and leukaemia, the children suffer from skin diseases and women suffer from spontaneous abortions. So much for happiness.



Vedanta have been recently voted as the ‘world’s most hated company’.

Vedanta’s involvement in the gigantic CAG report Coal scam is now rocking the government of Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh. The results of 2014 general elections , is a foregone conclusion.

Once we put a moratorium on Bauxite mining , the Maoist stranglehold over mineral-rich forest areas gets strangled. There should be a 15-year moratorium on new mining in the worst Naxal-affected areas, particularly those areas which have recently been liberated from Maoist control areas. 

There is a need to re-establish the rule of law, the presence of the state and  improve governance and ensure steps are taken to prevent Naxalites from ever wielding power.Naxalites hold they sway in the “Red corridor”, where they control some 92,000 square kilometers of India.Some 30,000 armed cadre Naxalites were operating in addition to 60,000 regular cadres.


  
On April 6, 2010, in its biggest strike ever, the People’s Liberation Guerrilla Army (PLGA) ambushed a CRPF company in Dantewada and killed 76 policemen.

Indians must shun these foreign funded Christian Trojan horses, who come in droves as good Samaritans.. A report of the Home Ministry showed that more than Rs10,000 crore was sent to India during 2009-2010, mostly from the USA and Europe to NGOs in India.  

The report, approved by Union Home Secretary RK Singh in January 2012, revealed that major donors from abroad and receivers in India are Christian Missionaries and Church-sponsored NGOs. “The list of foreign donors is topped by the Gospel For Asia Inc of the USA (Rs232.71 crore) followed by Fundacion Vicente Ferrer, Barcelona, Spain (Rs228.60 crore) and the World Vision Global Centre of the USA (Rs197.62 crore),” said the report of Home Ministry on foreign contribution and regulation for the period of year 2009-2010. 

Below: A child of Bharat Mata.



The United States contributes $145 billion repeat 145 Billion USD, for conversion efforts across the globe.Wikileaks revealed that the Indian Cabinet reshuffle of 2006 was done to install Pro-US ministers in power.
  
850 million people of India who live on less than twenty rupees a day, the tens of millions of malnourished children in our country, of the two million who die every year before they reach the age of five . Our women defecate in the open . 65 years after independence. But Queen bee found it necessary to give a largesse of 10 billion USD to Italy zone—nay—Euro zone, so that they can drink better premium wines.

Our corrupt UPA politicians keep asking on TV “ Why  don’t the Naxalites stand for elections?”

WHEREVER THERE IS BAUXITE MINING HINDUS HAVE BEEN CONVERTED TO CHRISTIANITY, THEY HAVE GOT EXPENSIVE FOREIGN ARMS, AND ARE FIGHTING THE INDIAN STATE WITH GUNS



Recently when the Indian government held up Vedanta’s deal with Edinburgh based Cairn Energy by investigating Vedanta’s ability to manage strategic oil fields, UK government officials, briefed “over dinner”  by Cairn Energy, offered to “polish” and send a letter drafted by the company to the Indian Prime Minister to force the deal through.  

David Cameron even personally intervened, urging India ( read as PM and Sonia Gandhi )  to speed up’unnecessary delays’. As a result the Indian government caved in and allowed a deal which handed some 30% of India’s crude oil for a fraction of its worth to this notorious corporate.

Below:  Kapil Sibal has introduced IT section 66, where the thief doing open robbery can sue the desh bhakt whistle blower for defamation .

  
Manmohan Singh worked in World Bank/IMF  ( both are Rothschild controlled ) before becoming Finance Minister and Prime Minister of India.   Similarly Chid, Pranab Mukherjee and Montek Singh Ahluwalia were former employees of World Bank &amp; IMF.   In 1991 World when India needed a loan, the world bank agreed to give loan on condition .The condition was to install Finance Minister of its choice and that Rothschild stooge was Manmohan Singh. 

For the uninitiated Jews Rothschild owned the British East India Company, who made Indians slaves. They are the world's first organised drug runners. They grew Opium in India and sold it in China.

Wikileaks revealed that the Indian Cabinet reshuffle of 2006 was done to install Pro-US ministers in power.  Wiki Cables also refer to inclusion of Saifuddin Soz, Anand Sharma, Ashwani Kumar and Kapil Sibal 'with strong pro-US credentials'. 

An inquiry should be launched as to why such a huge quantity of high grade iron ore with high chromium content was sold to Japan at throw away rates over the years, using the Port of Paradip.  Most of this kick back money will be in Swiss  Bank accounts. 


Essar Company has been looting the water resources of Bastar on a large scale since 2002.  The company has transporting 8 million tons of iron ore slurry through a 267 km long pipeline from Bailadila mines to Visakhapatnam. In order to save money on transportation costs Essar over consumed water to make slurry of Sankhini, Dankini and Sabari Rivers to wastefully flow into the Bay of Bengal. Due to this, the tribals faced water scarcity , and  ground water levels went down.  Private player Essar gains, but Indian railways loses.


Foreign funded Christians missionaries run most of the 4100 NGOs in India and most of them are involved in anti-national misinformation and conversion activities. Missionaries are injecting hatred for the nation, into the simple Adivasi minds.  Indian may soon end up becoming another Talibanised nation. We certainly can’t afford that.

Missionaries remove their collars and come as tourists  for conversion work in India . Christian missionaries are behind almost all the terrorism in the North-East India. 

Brigadier B.K. Ponwar, the director of Chhattisgarh's Counter-Terrorism and Jungle Warfare College, says the enemy is no longer a ragtag militia. It is now one of the world's biggest and most sophisticated armed extreme-left movements, with material and intellectual guidance from the West.

If the Christian Naxalites of India were Muslim Naxalites in USA, they would be on the front page of every paper as a threat to the nation and the Americans would be bombing them.”

More than 70 Christian Missionary NGOs actively work for naxalites and are raising funds and recruiting people at various levels.



PUT A MORATORIUM ON BAUXITE MINING FOR 15 YEARS.   BRING SOME GENUINE DEVELOPMENT IN THE TRIBAL AREAS.   SHOW THAT WE CARE.  

WHEN INDIA CAN GIVE 10 BILLION USD TO ITALY ZONE--WHY CANT WE SPEND ON OUR OWN FLESH AND BLOOD.

KEEP THE VESTED MISSIONARIES AND ACTIVISTS WHO POISON THE MINDS OF SIMPLE TRIBALS AWAY.

DO NOT TAKE AWAY THE 

RIGHTS OF THE TRIBALS TO 

CLEAN AIR, CLEAN WATER, 

AND FRESH FOOD -- SO THAT 

RICH FOREIGN COMPANIES 

CAN LINE THEIR POCKETS.

ALL YOU SHALLOW THINKING , LOW IQ , POLITICIANS AND STUPID MEDIA-- WHAT IS MORE IMPORTANT ? 

RECLAIMING 40% OF RICH VIRGIN INDIAN TERRITORY ( RED CORRIDOR) AND ESTABLISING THE RULE OF LAW ?

-- OR ALLOWING A CORRUPT  FOREIGN MINING COMPANY , FUNDED BY ROTHSCHILDS , TO MAKE MONEY AT OUR OWN PEOPLES' EXPENSE?

“For the tribals of Kalahandi, there is a soldier in Delhi named yours truly –nay-- Rahul Gandhi… Your voice reached Delhi and you saved your land,” Rahul cries.

The least we talk about this the better, Yuvraj saab!

Sonia Gandhi and YuvRaj carry out the task of running the Department of Compassion and Dept of Charisma to win the 2014, elections. 

Charm?-- It is not gonna work.

#####################################################

US President Bush promised in USA Today on September 21, 2000, he would allocate $80 billion over 10 years in tax incentives to help US churches.  provide social services.  USAID ( which has a CIA link ) funds Christian NGOs in India . 



Its  US trans-national Christian NGOs like World Vision and CARE are more involved in conversions to Christianity than development initiatives in India, which is just  a mere front. 

CIA-supported missionaries are trined in counter-insurgency operations, fanning civil wars and being the  conduits for arms and armaments for Christian insurgent groups.





Excerpts for India : The Joshua Project, which aims to convert the whole world to Christianity, has a target to build a church in every zip-code , in covert co-operation with the CIA.

• 2,441 groups are primarily Hindu, totaling about 900,000,000 individuals.

• 511 groups are primarily Buddhist, totaling nearly 375,000,000 individuals.



• India has the largest number of ethnic people groups, 2,329 in the Joshua Project database. (The number of people groups in India varies greatly depending on the researcher and how the term "people group" is defined. Strictly linguistically there are about 330 - 350 "people groups" in India. Some suggest the 2,329 groups in the Joshua Project list should be sub-divided into groups by Indian state, producing a total of about 4,700). For further information, see the ethno-linguistic vs. ethnic discussion on the definitions page.




• In India, one people group (the Gond) speaks 78 languages. 1,402 groups (out of the total of 2,329) speak more than one language.



• One people group in India (Nai), has 70 alternate names. 4,000 of the over 16,000 total peoples-by-country have more than one alternate people name.



• There are four Hindu majority countries, of which three (India-$459, Nepal-$239, Guyana-$936) have GDP per capita less than $1,000 (1,100,000,000 individuals). None of the Hindu countries are identified as Developed.



Jesus said in Matthew 24:14 "This gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in the whole world as a testimony to all the nations, and then the end will come." Jesus directly links His return to the fulfillment of the Great Commission. While no one knows the date or time of His return, we do know that this gospel of the kingdom must be preached to all the nations first. Revelation 5:9 and 7:9-10 show that there will be some from every tribe, tongue, nation and people before the Throne.

etc etc 




THE WHOLE IDEA  IS TO PREVENT ALL BROWNS, YELLOWS AND BLACKS ( CHRISTIANS INCLUDED ) FROM  
OVERTAKING THE SUPERIOR CHRISTIAN WHITE MAN



Below is a French writer-- check out what he says as a neutral observer.




I accuse Sonia of having let her Christian and Western background, in four years, divide India on religious and caste lines in a cynical and methodical manner.

 I accuse Sonia of being an enemy of the Hindus, who always gave refuge to persecuted minorities, and who are the only people in the world to accept that God may manifest under different names, in different epochs, using different scriptures.

I’accuse Sonia of exploiting the Indian Press’ obsession with her. She hardly ever gave interview in 20 years, except scripted ones to NDTV, yet the Press always protects her, never blames her and keeps silent over her covert role. Nevertheless, she is a danger to India.

Her very presence, both physical and occult, open the doors to forces inimical to India. Even Indian Christians should understand that she is not a gift to them: 

her presence at the top has emboldened fanatics like John Dayal or Valson Thampu, who practise an orthodox Christianity prevalent in the West in the early 20th century, but no longer, to radicalise their flock.

Indian Christians should recognise that they have a much better deal here than Christians or Hindus have in Pakistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia or Saudi Arabia.

2nd Dec 2008 -- Francois Gautier ( French writer , living in Inida for 42 years )









We all know what Vaiko is up to   --above 

He is originally a Telugu Naidu .  He is now a converted Christian speaking Tamil ? 

See his pictures in LTTE uniform with Prabhakaran ( the man who killed the Indian PM Rajiv Gandhi )and with US president Obama .  

What is the catch?  

Would President Obama meet him if he was a Muslim, Hindu or a Buddhist ?






The agents for the black slave trade in USA for Rothschild ( owner of British East India Company ) was JP Morgan.

In 1834, Rothschild prevailed upon Sir John Gladstone to replace African black slaves with Indian Indentured labour.  

Never in the history of mankind has there been a saga of such greed and injustice -- where more than 1.3 million innocent Indians were duped whole sale , given a life sentence , dumped in far flung corners of the planet and forgotten for ever.



Christian Missionaries were used deep in forests to lure tribals. 530000 Indians went to Guyana alone, while Mauritius had 350000 , Malaya 250000 and Trinidad had 150000 coolies.



And today we have Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh have given the same Rothschild , a toe hold -- nay-- a drivers's seat , by allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, FDI in insurance etc.

THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT MUST PUT A BAN ON EVERY HUMAN RIGHT ACTIVIST NGO (  WHO SUPPORT NAXALS ) -- FOR IF THEY ARE FOREIGN FUNDED, THEY ARE NOT DESH BHAKTS.

If Indian dalits want to know the real Maharishi Manu-

Punch into Google search-

DHARMA IN HINDUISM, CORE VALUES OF SANATANA DHARMA  VADAKAYIL

JAI HIND !

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
AN OPEN LETTER FROM FRANCOIS GAUTIER TO SONIA GANDHI'S INQUISITOR- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



AN OPEN LETTER FROM FRANCOIS GAUTIER  TO SONIA GANDHI'S INQUISITOR-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


Dear John Dayal,

A few years back, you wrote a letter to Jenab Mohammad Hamid Ansari, then Chairman, National Commission for Minorities, where you complained of harassment of nuns and Christian workers at bus stops and rail stations in Tirupati government-owned areas and objecting to a request to have the Constitutionality of the Seven Tirumala Hills being made out of bounds to Christians.

Do you really think that for instance the Government of France would allow Hindu proselytisers in Lourdes, one of the most sacred places for Christians? 

Never. 

The French Government even has a branch of the Home Ministry looking into what they call ‘sects’. Amrita Anandamayi of Kerala is on that list. 

Although she has not committed any crimes except embracing people and although her followers are doing remarkable social work, as good as any Christian organisation in India, she is being harassed in France, the accounts of her group are being scrutinised, she faces difficulties in buying land and she has to keep a low profile.

Tirupati is one of the most sacred places for Hindus. 

Why should nuns and missionaries go there to convert innocent Hindus? It’s an affront to the majority community of this country who have always respected the Christian faith. 

Remember that the first Christian community of the world is the Syrian Christian in Kerala?


Do Christians in India realize how much freedom they have here? 

Any preacher from abroad can come to India, rent huge grounds, organise prayer meetings, advertise in the national press, get media coverage…. Just try to do this in Saudi Arabia, or even China and see what will happen to your preachers!

Then you go on complaining of a “sustained hate campaign by the religious fanatics” of the so-called Sangh Parivar in Andhra Pradesh. 

But you must be knowing that thanks to Chief Minister Rajshekhar Reddy, who died in a helicopter accident, nearly 20% of Andhra Pradesh has converted to Christianity. 

His son Jagan Reddy is very much a Christian too – he has even erected a cross over his massive new house in Hyderabad. Yet his name sounds Hindu. Do Christians in high places need Hindu names to fool the gullible masses of Hindus?


Come on, Mr John Dayal, you are the one who is waging a systematic campaign of hate against Hindus. 

As a born Christian, I can see how Christianity is evolving slowly in the West, where it is becoming more and more accepted in the masses that there are other religions, such as Buddhism or Hinduism which have their own values. 

Yet in India, Christianity is becoming more and more rigid, more and more of a proselytising spirit, like it was fifty years ago in the West. 

Christians in India represent only 2.5% of the population, yet they make so much noise, they occupy so much space in education, health care, journalism [and politics] that you would think that they constitute the majority of this country.

Again recently, you have targeted Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, respected not only by millions of Hindus, but also by many Christians in western countries and even by Muslims (he was received warmly last month in Pakistan). 

By doing this, you are showing that you are practising a Christianity that is obsolete, aggressive and maybe even dangerous.

It is time Christianity in India becomes a little more humble and quieter. 

Nobody is contesting your faith, but please leave alone ancient places of worship like Tirupathi and great sages such as Sri Sri Ravi Shankar. 

And remember: Sonia Gandhi may not be here forever …

Yours
Francois Gautier 

( French writer , who has lived in India for 42 years )






##############################################


Let me add to this post-- 

After the 2014 elections the Italian Queen bee and her pseudo secular coterie , will NOT be around to keep you in NIC-- and you will lose your job as her Inquisitor. . 

Slow down-- Dayal JI.  ( and Jagdish Tytler too , of 1984 Sikh massacre fame , previously Jagdish Kapoor ,  foster son of Christian missionary James Douglas Tytler-founder of Delhi Public School. )

Be more loyal to your motherland than to your divine masters in Vatican and to the Queen Bee.. 


In 1998 John Dayal spearheaded the signature campaign for Indian Nuclear Disarmament, as an agent of his foreign Christian Masters. 

In May 2012, British MPs and members of the European Parliament signed a letter from South Asian anti-nuclear groups to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh expressing “deep concern” over human rights and environmental issues around the controversial Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP), which they argue “violates” the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA)'s safety guidelines. 





John Dayal, was the king-pin of the Kudankulam foreign funded NGO , anti-nuclear campaign. 


You can expect a remote controlled attack on the plant, the day the plant is to be fuelled with Uranium and commissioned. The converted Christian desh drohis must be put in jail, and fined if this happens--NOT the gullible illiterate janata,  but the leaders like  SP Uday Kumar ( who stays with Christian priest Jaikumar ) and Peter Milton .  

Videos must be taken by police, to mark these Judases.  

Priests in Sunday mass and Church services, exhorts the naïve illiterate Tamil villagers ( who have NIL idea what an atom is ) to join the anti-nuclear protest—everybody knows this. This has been reported by undercover mufti Tamilian Catholic police


BE INDIAN FIRST -- THEN A CHRISTIAN !!

SEDITION DEFINITION --  "WAGING WAR AGAINST NATION" .   THIS DOES NOT COVER ANY  RULING PARTY INDIVIDUAL-- UNLESS IT IS A KINGDOM IN THE ARABIAN DESERT,  IN THE MIDDLE AGES.

OPPOSITE OF DESH DROHI IS , DESH BHAKT.  THIS IS THE ONLY YARD STICK, WHICH CAN BE APPLIED TO WRITINGS AND CARTOONS.



The Christian population of Kanyakumari district is now sky-rocketed 47%  --   a lot of them are illiterate fishermen .  Crores of rupees come in every month as donations,  from foreign Christian missionaries.  

The disappearance of Monazite sands ( Thorium used for Nuclear energy ) from Manavalakurichi beach of Kanyakumari must be investigated, in the guise of Illemnite and Zirconium export .. 

Punch into Google search--

GOLD FINGER- VADAKAYIL

and

SCRAP THE SETHUSAMDURAM PROJECT- VADAKAYIL

(I have explained Thorium power and looting in these two posts).


The Vedanta University of Orissa , in which Church of England has a Benami stake , has been given in a Thorium rich area.  This is banned as per Indian law made by 4 decades ago.. Vedanta London are huge contributors to Congress funds and have paid  bribes ruling party politicians.

Punch into Google search BAUXITE MINING,  JOSHUA CONSPIRACY - VADAKAYIL.

With the conversion of LTTE leader Prabhakaran, the LTTE movement was totally funded by Christian Missionaries. 

Col Karuna broke away with the Hindu faction.  Punch into Google search MISPLACED SUPPORT FOR LTTE- VADAKAYIL.



Joshua project is NOT about religion and conversion -- It is about destroying India.




Tamil too has been hijacked by the Christian missionaries. The Hindu Tamils should stop attending "World Tamil Conference" -they are dragged into them by the Indian Tamil Christians. The myth is sustained that but for the White christian missionary efforts, Tamil would have been a dead language is wrong. Tamil is the oldest language in the world after Sanskrit and Malayalam.   

The invaders introduced printing in Tamil language only to churn out bibles in Tamil. Some of the padres were professional printers and  linguists in religious garb. To convert they need the Bible in local language. The ancient Tamil heritage is so glorious. They have forgotten all that, as all the old palm leaf manuscripts have been burnt by the missionaries.

The Italian priest Robert de Nobili (1577-1656). d called himself a ‘Roman Brahmin’.Let me list out a few 3 in 1 missionaries—padre/ printer/ proselytisers. Italian missionary, Constantine Joseph Beschi (1680-1746), who called himself Veeramaamunivar (Veer-Maha-Munivar),  German missionary Barthalomaus Ziegenbalg (1683-1719) who called himself Ziegenbalg Iyer,  Englishman G.U. Pope (1820-1907) who called himself “Pope Iyer.”, Scotsman Robert Caldwell (1814-1891) who along with his wife Elissa Mault did massive conversions by offering sops, Portuguese missionary John De Britto etc etc. 

The Madras Catholic Diocese, has been on a amazing campaign that, “Thiruvalluvar was a disciple of St. Thomas and that Thirukkural have been lifted  from the teachings of St. Thomas—nonsense. How could people like Karunanidhi allow this if they have some pride in Tamil heritage , culture and pride. Tamil culture is so ancient –it existed in 4000 BC as an extension of Saraswati culture.





World Christian Tamil Academy and the Church of South India’s Tiruchirapalli-Thanjavur diocese organized the May 22-24 WORLD TAMIL CONFERENCE in Tiruchirapalli.  Awards to four Christian Tamil scholars for their service for the development of Tamil language at the conference by the Social Welfare Minister.. 


Bishop Robert Caldwell (1814–1891) was an Christian Evangelist missionary and linguist, who came to India to poison Hindusim, by translating and printing books in Tamil. He got into a deal with Tamilian Iyers for plum administrative posts in the British Raj.

For poisoning the Hindu texts , in return he established Tamil as the oldest language—which gave an ego massage to Tamils. What do the Tamils think?  Malayalam , Kannada and Telugu are tape worms in the stomach of Tamil?  By what yard stick do that call Tamil a superior language?

Bishop Robert Caldwell  academically established the Dravidian family of languages in a false immoral manner .  He served as Assistant Bishop of Tirunelveli from 1877.   Poisoning Hinduism  made atheists and British stooges like EVR Periyar happy.   The Government of Tamil Nadu honoured his 'historic contribution to Tamil'  with a memorial and issued a stamp in his name.  On the Madras Marina, a statue of  Caldwell was erected . Every patriotic Indian must know what this white Christain man did to divide Hindus.  For 50 long years Caldwell worked tirelessly to give stimulus to the radicalisation of the Non-Brahmin movement .


US President Bush promised in USA Today on September 21, 2000, he would allocate $80 billion over 10 years in tax incentives to help US churches.  provide social services.  USAID ( which has a CIA link ) funds Christian NGOs in India . 



Its  US trans-national Christian NGOs like World Vision and CARE are more involved in conversions to Christianity than development initiatives in India, which is just  a mere front. 

CIA-supported missionaries are trined in counter-insurgency operations, fanning civil wars and being the  conduits for arms and armaments for Christian insurgent groups.



It is NO great secret that whenever there is a natural disaster like an eathquake,  immediately chartered planes land in the nearest airfield , with a full fledged ORGAN HARVEST TEAM -- with proper storage facilities, all in the guise of Medical NGOs offering FREE service.  






We all know what Vaiko is up to   --above 

He is originally a Telugu Naidu . He is now a converted Christian speaking Tamil, who does NOT want the Kudankulam Nuclear reactor . 

See his pictures in LTTE uniform with Prabhakaran ( the man who killed the Indian PM Rajiv Gandhi ) and with US president Obama .  

What is the catch?

ONE DAY AN INDIAN WILL BECOME THE POPE-- AND HE WILL EXPOSE HIMSELF AS A DESH DROHI.  

THE SAME WAY, THE BRITISH "KNIGHTED" INDIAN FREEDOM FIGHTERS BEFORE INDEPENDENCE, AND TODAY WE REFUSE EVEN TO PISS ON THEIR JUDAS GRAVES.

WHY SHOULD THE INDIAN CHURCHES BE LINKED TO A "FOREIGN FORCE" VATICAN IN THIS MODERN AGE?   ST PETER'S CATHEDRAL WAS BUILT ON TOP OF A SHIVA TEMPLE.
Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MAHATMA GANDHI , RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



WHY GANDHI DID NOT GET NOBEL PRIZE FOR PEACE,   JOSEPH LELYVELD,  HERMANN KALLENBACH,  GOPAL KRISHNA GOKHALE UNMASKED , WINSTON CHURCHILL, ROTHSCHILD ,  THE WEB OF DECEIT-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


We will NOT allow true history to be fudged by the white historian or by Wikipedia  !

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .


Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.





I should have written all  this in 1977. I have kept all this inside my chest for 35 years.

It is time to reveal shocking truths.

I want all patriots to read this post at least 3 times. Then I want you to allow the information to incubate inside you for 1 month.

Meanwhile I would suggest that you do some research of your own. If your conscience tells you that this post is the "naked truth", then I would like you to pass it on to people who deserve knowing the truth.

My readers will realise, that I did NOT allow Anna Hazare to repeat history and be converted to another gullible Gandhi. 

Punch into Google search ( later ) - BABA RAMDEV AND ANNA HAZARE TEAM UP- VADAKAYIL



At the National Archives, letters penned by Mohandas K. Gandhi, B.R. Ambedkar, Gopal Krishna Gokhale,  suffered from exposure to humid weather, staff negligence and mishandling, and improper preservation methods.  Make no mistake that these damning documents were destroyed deliberately.





Gandhi managed to pass the Matriculation Examination in 1887 in the third division, scoring a pathetic 247 out of 625. He became more articulate in his old age.

I am very well aware that Mahatma Gandhi is the father of the nation, and I share the same birthday of 2nd Oct..

So, what has prompted me to reveal something so gruesome , after 35 years.

Well the trigger is the untruths I see on Internet and media about a book written by a Jew Joseph Lelyveld “Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle With India” . 

Joseph Lelyveld, is a Zionist and a Pulitzer Prize winner.

Pulitzer is a prize awarded by Columbia University USA.  Columbia university was made with Opium drug money by Rothschild.  

Rothchild was the owner of British East India Company, who grew Opium in India and sold it in China.





The book portrays Gandhi as a debauched bisexual with a gay relationship with one of his disciples, the German-Jewish architect and body builder Hermann Kallenbach.

The headlines of UK’s Daily Mail, Britain’s second-largest newspaper, screamed, “Gandhi left his wife to live with a male lover, new book claims”-- and this made the day of the Christian white invaders.

The Wall Street Journal's review states the book depicts Gandhi as "a sexual weirdo, a political incompetent, a fanatical faddist, implacably racist, and a ceaseless self-promoter, professing his love for mankind as a concept while actually despising people as individuals."




Lelyveld quotes correspondence between Gandhi and Kallenbach, including excerpts from the latter's diary, with language that seems suggestive of a homosexual relationship, with Gandhi speaking of his Hermann Kallenbach as "Lower House," and of himself as "Upper House," and saying that cotton-wool and Vaseline were a constant reminder of their "mutual love"



In a letter written from a London hotel during a trip to lobby British authorities in 1909, for example, Gandhi’s infatuation with Kallenbach is clear: “Your portrait (the only one) stands on my mantelpiece in the bedroom. The mantelpiece is opposite the bed.” 


Politicians in India have generally and across the political spectrum denounced the book and demanded it be banned as being allegedly defamatory, with the Government of Gujarat under Narendra Modi banning the book as "perverse in nature... hurting the sentiments of those with capacity for sane and logical thinking," and demanding a "public apology" from Lelyveld, and with Federal Law Minister Veerappa Moily of the Governments of India and Industries Minister Narayan Rane of the Government of Maharashtra promising to ban it.

The State Assembly of Gujarat (with a population of more than 50 million), where Gandhi was born, voted unanimously to ban the book immediately after the state’s chief minister, Narendra Modi, said it “deserves to be despised.”.  Its publication “shall not be tolerated under any circumstances,” Chief Minister of Gujarat Modi declared, according to the Associated Press.


Whenever they were apart, they sustained a frequent and intense correspondence. Only half of their letters survive today; Gandhi systematically destroyed all of what he described as Kallenbach’s ”logical and charming love notes” to him.

Gandhi’s 13 letters to Kallenbach, however, were put up for auction decades after the death of the two men, and were eventually acquired by the National Archives of India.


Lelyveld Arthur Joseph , a rabbi  received his B.A. from Columbia University in 1933 . He was instrumental role in obtaining critical American recognition of the newly formed State of Israel. Lelyveld was a contributor to the Universal Jewish Encyclopedia. He was a veteran of four decades with the New York Times,owned by Rothschilds, where he served as executive editor from 1994 to 2001.

The book has not yet been released in India.

Well, Capt Vadakayil who is more perceptive than all of them put together, does NOT believe the two men were lovers.   He says that it is a mindless cherry pickin' interpretation with ulterior motives. 

These decadent souls will accuse a woman of having sex with her dog if she as much says "I love my dog".

The decadent invading Christians have no idea that 11000 years before Thomas Babington Macaulay cried "soap is civilization",  

Sanatana Dharma had the concept that sexuality has elemental energy, which if  sublimated and contained  can give you amazing spiritual powers.  

In Kerala we have the Sabarimala pilgrimage , the largest on the planet, where 53 million pilgrims has to be vegetarian and celibate for 41 days, before he starts off.

Sotheby's had put a pre-sale estimate of between £500,000 and £700,000 on the collection of letters.  The sale was pulled after Indian authorities agreed to purchase the entire archive for around £700,000 (60million rupees). Sotheby's said in a terse statement: 'The Gandhi-Kallenbach archive... has been sold in a private transaction to the Indian government on 10th July 2012.'



German Jew Kallenback was a  skilled ice-skater, swimmer, cyclist and gymnast, and an architect. In 1904 he was told by German Jew Rothschild  to befriend  Gandhi, who was then working in South Africa.   In 1910 , on Rothchild’s orders Kallenbach, donated to Gandhi his 1100 acre (4 km²)  farm near Johannesburg.  



It was less than 2 miles from the nearest railway station and already had 1,000 fruit bearing trees. There were 2 wells and a spring,  and a few small buildings. The farm was used to run Gandhi's famous "Tolstoy Farm" that housed the families of his satyagrahis.  

Kallenbach himself  named this farm after Leo Tolstoy. Kallenback's task was to brainwash Gandhi into non-violence to fight the enemy.  Leo Tolstoy died on 20th Nov 1910.

The famous Russian author Leo Tolstoy ( like Karl Marx ) was a crypto-jew. He wrote in 1891 as follows: 

“The Jew was the pioneer of civilization, many thousands of years before the birth of Christ when the ancient world was surrounded with an impregnable wall of barbarism and rudeness. 

The prevailing rule in the land of Israel was that each individual was obligated to teach those who were uneducated or those unable to read or write… the Jews have and always will adhere, support and spread the idea of liberty, civilization and religious tolerance.”

“What is the Jew?…What kind of unique creature is this whom all the rulers of all the nations of the world have disgraced and crushed and expelled and destroyed; persecuted, burned and drowned, and who, despite their anger and their fury, continues to live and to flourish. 

What is this Jew whom they have never succeeded in enticing with all the enticements in the world, whose oppressors and persecutors only suggested that he deny (and disown) his religion and cast aside the faithfulness of his ancestors?!

The Jew – is the symbol of eternity. … He is the one who for so long had guarded the prophetic message and transmitted it to all mankind. A people such as this can never disappear. The Jew is eternal. He is the embodiment of eternity.”

SIC-!

Leo Nikolayevich Tolstoy achieved his place as one of the greatest Russian writers of all time, with Rothschild's support. His average books War and Peace, and Anna Karenina, were made out to be classics by the Rothschild held media.  Rothschild made Tolstoy brainwash young and gullible  Mohandas Gandhi with the idea of nonviolent resistance ..

Bengal had become an unsafe place for the British . Calcutta was a hotbed for violent freedom fighters. Many patriots like Resh Bihari Bose, Aurobindo Ghosh, Bagha Jatin, Khudiram Bose etc made life unsafe for the white invader.  They even had to transfer the Capital of India from Calcutta to Delhi in 1911.  

Britain need "their type of non-violent freedom figher" to take over the reins of Indian freedom fighting.  

The "well planned" 1st world war was drawing close. 

They needed to recruit at least 1.3 million Indian soldiers for WW1.

 Rothschild used Winston Churchill, whose mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschilds , to fan the flames of first world war. There were enormous profits to be made. They wanted to carve out a homeland for the Jews in Palestine. Winston was told by Rothschild to create MI-5 and MI-6--the information and security services in 1909. 


They would draw America into the war by sinking a passenger ship full of Americans. (SS Lusitania). The ultimate aim was to enforce the Barflour declaration for the state of Israel. They could NOT afford to fight a war without the help of thousands of willing and brave cannon fodder Indian Soldiers.

Winston Churchill was catapulted from a Mr. Nobody to the "most famous Englishman " and to the world stage by mind boggling deceit-- the way Rothschild always did,



Rothschild nurtured moulded their British agent carefully. Using immense money power they manipulated everything for Winston and made him a popular author by the age of 24 , and a cabinet minister at the age of 33.

Rothschild even doctored a bravery medal for Winston. 



They engineered  (by paying a fortune in bribes) a great drama in South Africa, where Winston was imprisoned and made a most daring escape from Boers custody. He immediately became a national hero , as Rothschild owned almost all the media.
   
Winston Churchill resigned his commission from the military in 1899, setting goals to make a living writing and later, politics and headed for South Africa.  In South Africa during the time, a lengthy war continued with the British and Boer Republic colonies.  A very complex war, but for relevance’s sake, a war of revolution, the Boer’s fighting for freedom from the rule of the British. 

The Boer fought a guerrilla dominant warfare, and during Churchill’s stay the British counterattacked with scorched earth tactics. The practice of destroying anything which may be of use to the enemy (roads, buildings, irrigation, etc.), may have played in the decision of Churchill later in this life to support the controversial act of carpet bombing.

Within the first month of Churchill’s presence in South Africa, he became famous for saving an ambushed train of British soldiers, even at the cost of sacrificing his own freedom, --  all stage managed.

So, in 1899,  our brave Winston Churchill headed to South Africa as a newspaper correspondent for the Morning Post owned by Rothschilds,  to cover the Boer War between British and Dutch settlers. He was made to be  present at an ambush of an armored train and captured by enemy Boer soldiers.-- all stage managed.. 

On the night of December 12th, when the prison guards conveniently turned their backs on Humpty Dumpty-- nay-- Churchill , he took the opportunity to climb over the prison wall. 



Wearing a brown flannel suit with £75 (the equivalent of $375) and 4 slabs of chocolate in his pocket ( or was it 5 ? ) , Churchill walked on leisurely through the night in hopes of finding the Delagoa Bay Railway. So began his great escape and journey to freedom. All this can only be believed only by an inebriated or fawning John Bull.


  
Gargantuan Churchill jumped onto a train and hid among soft sacks covered in coal dust.  Leaving the train before daybreak, Churchill continued on his escape.  With luck, Winston Churchill happened upon the home of Mr. John Howard, manager of the Transvaal Collieries.  Maybe he had GPS.



Upon knocking on his door, Mr. Howard’s response to Winston Churchill plea for help was “Thank God you have come here! It is the only house for twenty miles where you would not have been handed over. But we are all British here, and we will see you through.” 

HOW CHWEEEEEEET !


Mr. Howard first hid Churchill in a coal mine then transported him to safety by having gargantuan Churchill squeeze into a tiny hole at the end of a train car, with a few bales of wool, thrown in for good measure. 

Churchill’s fame would grow to legendary rock star status as he escaped from the captors, -- huge bribes were paid by Rothschilds to make this Cinderella  drama happen.

Churchill headed to Europe as a awesome celebrity to write, and lecture amongst the European countries.  He was the toast of every English town. 

He was catapulted to First Lord of the Admiralty ( Oct 1911 ), at the young age of 37, a post usually given to old grey haired men-- 

--and Churchill successfully petitioned the Cabinet for the largest naval expenditure in the history of the British. 

In 1889, because of the discovery of vast wealth in gold and diamonds in South Africa, the Rothschilds came back to loot the nation with 400,000 British soldiers pitted against 30,000 "irregulars" -- that is, farmers with rifles -- whom the Boers could put into the field. 

The Boer War was started by Rothschild's agent, Lord Alfred Milner. His plans were aided by another Rothschild agent, Cecil Rhodes, who later left his entire fortune to the furtherance of the Rothschild program, through the Rhodes Trust. 

The British fought a "no prisoners" scorched earth war, destroying farms and mercilessly shooting down Boers who tried to surrender. 

It was in this war that the institution of "concentration camps" was brought to the world, as the British rounded up and imprisoned in unsanitary, fever-ridden camps anyone thought to be sympathetic to the Boers, including many women and children, who died by the thousands. 

So Gandhi and Kallenbach lived together for two years as soul mates,  starting from 1907.. during this period Gandhi was prepared for the "great Indian show".

 Kallenbach was micro managing Gandhi throughout the Satyagraha (non-violent resistance) struggle, which lasted in South Africa until 1914.

The form of resistance that Gandhiji devised was unique: satyagraha.  He would patiently appeal to the good sense of the Christian whites, while also refusing to follow their laws that he regarded evil.  He was willing to suffer punishment for breaking these laws,  but refused to hate the invading white men. 



While in South Africa, Gandhi did not miss a single opportunity to please the British crown. Just after the Boer war, Gandhi expressed his loyalty by sending felicitation to Queen Victoria on her birthday.  

Queen Victoria died in January, 1901 and Gandhi sent a condolence message to the Colonial Secretary in London, laid a wreath on the pedestal of the Queen’s statue in Durban and distributed picture of the Queen among the school children.  

Well there are NO secrets in the Internet age

Later on, when George-V was coroneted as the king of England, Gandhi expressed his loyalty by sending congratulatory telegram to England that read, “The Indian residents of this country (i.e. South Africa) sent congratulatory cablegrams on the occasion, thus declaring their loyalty”.


In 1909, Lord Ampthill visited South Africa and Gandhi was out to please him by whatever means he could. The British statesmen and rulers always wanted a man who condemned extremists and revolutionists in India and Gandhi took the opportunity to please Armphill by denouncing the revolutionaries of India and their policy. 

Through several letters, Gandhi tried to convince him that his doctrine of passive resistance or nonviolent Satyagraha has no intention to hurt others – ‘a satyagrahi do not inflict sufferings on others, but he invites it on himself’. 

Many believe that it was the most important cause that inspired the British to bring Gandhi to India, made him the topmost leader of Indian freedom movement and his creed of Satyagraha was projected as the only mode of freedom struggle in India.

Due to this unwavering loyalty to the British Crown, Gandhiwas chosen by Rothschild  to come to India to lead the freedom movement, or to be frank, to sabotage the simmering freedom movement. 

His doctrine of nonviolence suited them . It was not difficult for the British to understand that his harmless and nonviolent Satyagraha would pose no threat to the British Empire.

 It has been ponted out earlier that British in India, at that time, were terribly afraid of violent freedom struggle launched by the patriots of Bengal, Maharastra and Punjab. But Gandhi, through his speeches and writings, managed to expose that he was against any sort of violence in Indian freedom movement.


Now I must digress and go to a great British stooge Chitpavan Jew-- nay- brahmin , Gopal Krishna Gokhale.


In 1905, when Gokhale was elected president of the Indian National Congress and was at the height of his political power. He was a supporter of the British on the quiet, while he pretended to be a freedom fighter.  

Freedom fighters of that era will tell you that Gokhale was just a social reformer ( like BR Ambedkar ) . He was never put into jail.  

Gokhale was loved by the British and he was was invited to London to meet with secretary of state Lord John Morley, to shape the Morley-Minto Reforms introduced in1909.  

Gokhale was appointed a CIE (Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire) in the 1904 New Year's Honours List, a formal recognition by the Empire of his service. 

Gokhale was told by Britain to mentor  Mahatma Gandhi , so that he can hand over the mantle to him, later in case his health went bad.

In 1906, the Congress was split into two.. The group led by Tilak and supported by Lala Lajpat Rai and Bepin Bihari Pal was known as the extremist group, while the British stooges and loyalists were called the moderates. Gradually, the extremists, with the help of mass support, gained popularity and emerged as the dominant group while the moderates lost their control over the Congress. 

So, when the British took Gokhale into confidence and disclosed their plan to bring loyalist Gandhi to India and make him the sole leader of Congress, Gokhale found to ray of hope to regain their hegemony in the Congress. He readily supported the intrigue and agreed to play a mediator between Gandhi and the British.

To recapitulate, in 1891, Gandhi had returned from England as a barrister and in the next year he had sailed to South Africa to fight a case for an Indian business firm Dada Abdulla & Co., against an immigrant Indian Muslim Tyabji Haji Khan Muhammad.





Viceroy Minto ( Gilbert Elliot Murray Kynynmound ) complained to Rothschild, on 25 January 1910 , “with the gloom several assassinations hanging over everyone, a spirit hitherto unknown to India has come into existence, a spirit of anarchy and lawlessness which seeks to subvert not only British rule but the Governments of Indian chiefs…”



He was promptly replaced on orders from an upset Rothschild.

Viceroy Charles Hardinge told Britain on 28 May 1911, (totally shaken up, after being the target of several  assassination attempts)--  “In my opinion, nothing can be worse than the condition of Bengal and Eastern Bengal. There is practically no Government in either province…It is better to shift the Capital from Calcutta to Delhi,  and call Gandhi to India from South Africa  ”



In 1912, Gokhale was told to go to South Africa and do the preliminary training of Gandhi.  Gandhi himself had written that Gokhale was his mentor and guide.  

Gokhale was also the role model and mentor of Mohammed Ali Jinnah, the future Shia Muslim founder of Pakistan, who in 1912, aspired to become in his own words the "Muslim Gokhale".  

After reaching South Africa, Gokhale, (whom Gandhi revered as his political guru) , told Gandhi that he would have to return to India within a year (according to the plan of their British masters). 

Apart from his unwavering loyalty to the British Empire, Gandhi was chosen by the British as the new leader of India’s freedom struggle due his newly invented doctrine of nonviolence. 

It was not difficult for the British to understand that his harmless and nonviolent Satyagraha would pose no threat to the British Empire.

To explain Satyagraha, Gandhi used to say, “A Satyagrahi should expect to get killed by an aggressor and not to kill him”.  

One should recall here that instruction of Bhagawat Gita is to kill an aggressor without giving a second thought—just do your duty.

Rothschild wanted Gandhi to succeed Gopal Krishna Gokhale in India , at the helm of freedom fighting.

So when Gokhale reached Cape Town by ship on 22nd Oct 1912, , instructions were given out well in advance by Rothschild to  play to the gallery, and establish huge respect for Gokhale as the mentor and Gandhi as the "rising sun" and the prospective successor  as disposer of the destiny of the enslaved Indian.

T@ta the opium agents of Rothschild in Bombay had sent huge amount of money to Gandhi, for the pomp and show soon to unfold.  The railway station was decorated and even the British joined the grand reception fit for King George.

 Everything would be splashed in next days Rothschild owned newspapers in South Africa and India. Gokhale lead by Gandhi and the British visited each and every Indian community all over South Africa. 

The Senator WP Schriener was also in tow, as ordered by Rothschild. All were given to understand without an iota of doubt that the helm of freedom fighting would be handed over from Gokhale to Gandhi as soon as he went back to India. 



The mayors of all these towns gave a royal reception in the town halls, and everything was splurged in the Rothschild held media. 

They were even given conducted tours in Rothschild owned Kimberley diamond mines.  Premier Botha a racist of the first order was arm twisted  to swallow his pride and attitude and give a two hour meeting time with brownskins Gokhale and Gandhi. 



The Indians were encouraged to air their grievances. As stage managed , an issue of a 3 pound tax was aired.  

Gandhi was allowed  a quick win here by Governor General John Gladstone . 



The Indians who were treated like dirt, were amazed and confused. 

What the hell is happening? . 

Was Gandhi such a great leader and a negotiator, in which case the destiny of Indians would be safe in his hands. 

Kallenback was keeping a hawks eye on behalf of Rothschild, just to make sure the original blue print and script was being followed.  

Rothschild could be absolutely ruthless when his orders are disobeyed.  Gokhale stayed in Kallenbacks house. Never mind what is written by historians that all slept on the floor etc.

Gokhale after he came back to Poona, India would be in constant touch with Gandhi by telegrams--which were given top urgency.

Just before Gandhi finally left South Africa for England on 18th July 1914, on SS Kilfauns Castle. 

Now why should a future freedom fighter , who was to sit on the driver seat of future Indian freedom struggle, go to the white invader's country England for briefing?

 The entire Rothschild media splashed headlines calling Gandhi , MAHATMA or the "great soul".  


When Gandhi left South Africa for Indian the entire world’s main stream media announced that Jan Christiaan Smuts, said “ THE SAINT HAS LEFT OUR SHORES “.   

We Indians had a Rothschild’s  ready made messiah to sit on the driver’s seat of our freedom struggle.   Juicy stories were splashed how Gandhi (1914 ), presented General Jan Smuts with a pair of sandals made by himself  to show great mutual admiration and respect..




QUOTE:  Smuts wore the sandals every summer at his farm and then returned the sandals to Gandhi on Gandhi's seventieth birthday. Smuts remarked, 'I have worn these sandals for many a summer ... even though I may feel that I am not worthy to stand in the shoes of so great a man. It was my fate to be the antagonist of a man for whom even then I had the highest respect. ... He never forgot the human background of the situation, never lost his temper or succumbed to hate, and preserved his gentle humor even in the most trying situations. His manner and spirit even then, as well as later, contrasted markedly with the ruthless and brutal forcefulness which is the vogue in our day... UNQUOTE

SNIFF !

Now you get the drift why Rothschild made sure Gandhi never got the Nobel Prize for peace. Even he had some conscience.

Before Gandhi sailed for England , Gokhale left for England to arrange for a grand reception , involving thousand of cheering British , for newspaper photographs, suitable for a "great Mahatma "--  and meetings with Churchill and MPs, to coach and familiarise him. 

Gandhi would make sure thousands of Indian soldiers joined Britain to fight along with them in the first world war.  Gokhale was stuck at Paris as the 1st World war just broke out.  Gandhi's ship was in the English channel at this time, just 24 hours from London

Hermann Kallenback accompanied Gandhi and his wife on their final voyage from South Africa to London in 1914.  He was indeed the quintessential  "Big brother's eye " or the "embedded reporter ".

When Gandhi mobilised Indians in England to enlist as soldiers with the British a law student Sorabji Adajania got hoppin' mad, and asked him how he can take such unilateral decisions and who the fu#k has authorised him?



On August 13, Gandhi issued a circular affirming his resolve to tender his unconditional service to the British Empire and sent it around to collect signatures.  

He also set up an Indian Volunteer Committee with himself in the chair and  V.V. Giri and others as members.  VV Giri ultimately resigned from the committee,  as he found all this to be nonsense. 

Gandhi finally met Gokhale in London on September 18, 1914. Thus proceeded the plan to sabotage India’s freedom movement according to the design of the British aggressors.  




Gopal Krishna Gokhale, said that it is immaterial who rules the country as long as its people have security and reasonable freedom in their private life,  as given to them by the British-- just like BR Ambedkar later.
 .
 Britain desperately wanted Gandhi's help in swaying the minds and hearts of the Indian Muslims who saw the Khalifa of Turkey ( Ottoman ) Kemal as the sipitual leader of the Sunnis.  And Turkey had just sided with the Germans.  

So for the Indian Muslim soldiers the fight along with the British would be to save their souls.  Sarojini Naidu was also in London with Gokhale.  

Below : Statue of SIR Pherozeshah Mehta at VT Mumbai-- etched at the base  A GREAT INDIAN , A GREAT PATRIOT 


Tilak finding that Gopal Krishna Gokhale and Sir Pherozeshah Mehta were British stooges meanwhile split the Indian National Congress, back home.



When Gandhi returned to India on 19th Dec 1914 on SS Arabia,  Hermann  Kallenbach was unable (sic!) to get permission to travel to India, since England and Germany were at war. 

His job of keeping an eye on Gandhi was now over. 

From now on Gokhale , Pherozeshah Mehta and then BR Ambedkar would keep an eye on him , and report to Rothschild via Churchill .

Below: Statue of Chitpavan Jew --nay-- brahmin-- Gopal Krishna Gokhale.



Gandhi was now 45, and he was coming back to India after 12 years. He reached Mumbai from London on 9th Jan 1915. to a tumultuous welcome.  Gokhale was at the quay with a rapturous reception party.



Indians were literally overcome with awe. 

Who was this great Mahatma who was respected and feared by the British, that even the PM / King of Britain , and even the racist South African govt, gave him an audience. 



Separate receptions were held by Jinnah and Sir Pherozah Mehta too.  The British in Bombay were told to treat Gandhi like the cat's whiskers. The newspapers were full of the just arrived "messiah".



Gokhale told Gandhi to tour extensively all over India in 3rd class train, to give a "darshan" to all Indians, so as to be ratified in the hearts and minds of Indians -- the messiah who would sit on the driver's seat of our freedom struggle..  




Above meeting -- " Hi Indians, I am the MAHATMA -- you must join the British army and  fight -- killing Germans with guns issued to you is NOT violence.   

But killing our dear British rulers , and driving them away from India with their own guns , is VIOLENCE--  and I wont allow that!

Such was the curiosity raised by endless propaganda of the great Mahatma-- that thousands lines up along railway tracks, doing namaste. 

It was a media blitzkrieg.



Above picture:  Hi, Indians, I am the Mahatma-- the GREAT SOUL- I have been chosen to be your MESSIAH.

At Calcutta another opium agent of Rothschild in Calcutta, the wealthy GD Birl@, jumped into the crowd and started physically pulling Gandhi's carriage with great gusto.  





The Governor of Bombay was told by Rothschild to bestow Gandhi the title of "Kaiser E Hind" .  



The British made sure that every railway station was jam packed with awe struck Indians..

Who is this Maha Meru who gave the British and even the King of England , an inferiority complex?  This propaganda at its best--even Joseph Goebbels would admit..




 On 20th Feb 1915, Chitpavan Jew -nay- brahmin- Gopal Krishna Gokhale died. 


Chitpavan Brahmins are the descendants of a shipload of Bene Israel Jews who were loaded on to a Rothschild owned ship ( British East India Company ) from Kerala and dumped off the coast of Konkan , to wade ashore.  

Now Gandhi was in the drivers seat. At Lucknow Nehru was introduced to Gandhi, as per the Rothschild blueprint.  He would be groomed to take over the mantle from Gandhi.  



Subhash Chandra Bose will know exactly what I mean-- you cant win an election against Nehru, as long as Gandhi was there.

Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose with high intellect and leadership aura, was more respected than Gandhi and Nehru in the Congress by the members. Both were stumbling blocks for Bose. When Bose was re-elected to the post of Congress President in 1939 it created unhealthy  tension between him and the Mahatma / Nehru combine , especially as he had won the post defeating Pattabhi Sitaramaiah (who was Gandhiji’s nominee). 

Gandhiji apparently took Sitaramayya’s defeat personally and is believed to have remarked: “I consider Pattabhi’s defeat as my own”.  Gandhi prompted by the British and Parsees did NOT allow the great patriot Bose to function the way he wanted.



After landing at Bombay  Gandhi wrote a letter to the Governor of Bombay Presidency expressing his promise that he would always abide by his instructions.  All these letters have been exposed in this Internet age.


The First World War began in Europe on 28 June 1914, and Gandhi, immediately after reaching India, started to recruit Indian soldiers for the British army, in his eagerness to express his loyalty to the British Empire. 



It was surprising to all that, Gandhi, the apostle of nonviolence,  supported war and according to his promise to the British master, recruited Indians for both world wars to be sacrificed as lambs. He personally travelled far and wide and addressed meetings in his bid to recruit soldiers for Britain, under the hawks eye and "patronage" of Commissioner Pratt. 



Confused Indians used to ask Mahatma every day, “ Why should we help the cruel British invader who is robbing us blind every single day ?  

What good will it do to us? 

What had Britain done to deserve our "coolie" blood?  

What about AHIMSA ? 





13.83 lakh Indian soldiers were recruited for World War 1 , as a direct result of Gandhi’s actions for overseas action. All this is deleted by the white historian. 





The British Crown, could have never ever had forced drafting of such a huge number of angry Indians , and given them guns and bullets . 




Out of this 1.11 lakh or 111000 

soldiers were killed in action. 



This does NOT include the soldiers who came back without a limb or on wheelchair. 


Britain used Indians in the worst areas of war, in most dangerous sectors,  in the front lines as sheer canon fodder..  



Nobody writes about all this today. 



There is no war memorial for these dead souls, who were equated with donkeys, mules and horses.





Brave Indian soldiers were used in the suicidal areas on the Western Front, in the "deadly" Battle of Gallipoli, in the Sinai, Palestine, Mesopotamia Campaigns, the Siege of Kut and in the Battle of Tanga in East Africa.



Below picture-- Bagha Jatin



The British used Gandhi to disarm and demoralise the patriotic revolutionaries of India, like Bagha Jatin , Aurobindo Ghosh , Surya Sen, jatin das, MN Roy etc.  He was asked to travel to Bengal to extinguish the fire of violent freedom struggle .

On April 24, 1915, in a meeting organized by the Madras Bar Association, Gandhi declared to a shocked audience, “It gives me the greatest pleasure this evening at this very great and important gathering to re-declare my loyalty to the British Empire and my loyalty is based upon very selfish grounds. As a passive resister I discovered that I could not have that free scope which I had under the British Empire … and I discovered that the British Empire has certain ideals with which I have fallen in love.”  

Difficult to believe this, right?



Gandhi never lost an opportunity to condemn the patriotic revolutionaries of India to please the British. He publicly appealed to the patriotic and volatile youths of Bengal and Punjab, to give up violence.  

On April 27, 1915, he asked the students of Madras to give up political assassination, political dacoities and conquer the conquerors not by shedding blood,  but by sheer force of "spiritual predominance" (sic!) . 



He deplored patriots like Khudiram Bose and Rash Behari Bose. Gandhi condemned violence and said that it was an evil path and that all revolutionaries were anarchists.  

Lokamanya Bal Gangadhara Tilak was arrested in Mumbai because he wrote three articles in the Kesari supporting Khudiram’s bomb explosion at Muzaffarpur, and was sentenced on July 22, 1908, to six years’ transportation.  


Gandhi deplored Tilak on the charge of inciting Indians against British rule. Gandhi chastised tall leaders like Subhash Chandra Bose , because they were in favour of immediate independence.  Any idiot can see that all such utterances of Gandhi overjoyed the British invaders.  

Sir Samuel Hoare, the Viscount of Templewood , made a comment that "Gandhi was one of the best friends of the British".  

Later on after 1930, Gandhi was compelled to support the Indian call of independence just to remain at the drivers wheel and to avoid flak and growing dissent with his suspect leadership-- Indians now smelt a rat.  

His real non-violent resistance started with the Dandi Salt March on 12th march 1930-- 16 years after he came to India. For on 26th Jan 1930, the INC declared Indian Independence.



Gandhi supported the British decision of partitioning of Bengal. When Khudiram Bose and Prafulla Chaki threw bombs on Englishmen at Muzaffarpur in Bihar on April 30, 1908, Gandhi immediately condemned the incident and said, “They had no reason to rejoice at the introduction of Russian methods. 

On that occasion, Bal Gangadhar Tilak wrote 3 articles in the Kesari, supporting the action of Khudiram, and was promptly sentenced by the British for 6 years incarceration in the dreaded Burmese Mandalay jail 

Gandhi condemned Tilak and in his Indian Opinion, wrote: “ He (Tilak) aimed at inciting Indians against British rule. The rulers are justified, from their point of view, in taking action against him. … We submit that Mr. Tilak’s view should be rejected”.  

Tilak died on 1st Aug 1920.



Gandhi had deplored Madan Lal Dhingra before he was hanged by the British on 17th Aug 1909,  for avenging the transportation to Kaala Pani on flimsy grounds of the great patriot, Ganesh Baburao Savarkar, the elder brother of Veer Vinayak Savarkar.  



Gandhi also condemned Veer Vinayak Savarkar for supporting Dhingra.  



Gandhi asked all people like Dhingra to abandon violence and adopt nonviolent Satyagraha as the means to fight British power and earn freedom.  

Gandhi asked “Is killing honourable? Is the dagger of an assassin a fit precursor of an honourable death?” 



He also said that he wanted to purge India of the atmosphere of suspicion on either side and there was no reason for anarchism in India. This literally pissed of Lokmanya Tilak. 

On 28 December 1885, British government of India formed the Indian National Congress with Allan Octavian Hume as the president and few other eminent, loyal and English educated Indians like Dadabhai Naoroji, Gopal Krishna Gokhale, Phirozeshah Mehta and so on. 

The sole intention was simply to get prior information of what the Indians were thinking and going to do in near future so that another Sepoy Mutiny might not recur. 



At the beginning it was like an elite club dominated by the loyalists. But later on, appearance of Bal Gangadhar Tilak, Lala Lajpat Rai and Bepin Bihari Pal ( popularly known as Lal Bal Pal- see above ), the scenario changed considerably.  

Lokamanya Tilak was first to embrace independence of India from British rule as the national goal and it aroused the first spurt of nationalism among the members of the Congress.

Parsee Sir Pherozeshah Mehta, KCIE (August 4, 1845 - November 5, 1915) was a leading lawyer of Bombay.  His political ideology was, as was the case with most of the Parsees of his time was friendly to the British Crown's sovereignty--and most of them had made their fortune by being opium agents of Rothschilds. 

Punch into Google search -  THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA VADAKAYIL. 



Above: The Rothschild blue print for Gandhi-- this must be his message for Indians.

By 1946 as many as 63 Parsis had been knighted. Sir Pherozeshah Mehta - he was the first Mayor and he had three terms as Mayor. In 1910, he started Bombay Chronicle, an English-language weekly newspaper.  He became the Municipal commissioner of Bombay Municipality in 1873 . He was President four times - 1884, 1885, 1905 and 1911. of the Bombay Municipal Corporation. 

Rothschild's Central Bank of India was established in the year 1911. It was the first Indian commercial bank to be wholly owned and managed by Indians. Sir Pherozeshah Mehta , the Rothschild's Opium agent , was the first Chairman of the central Bank of India. 



Pherozeshah Mehta's aversion to violent methods in politics alienated him from Bal Gandhara Tilak and Bipin Chandra Pal .  His main endeavour was to keep the extremists from dominating the Congress, and in this he was largely successful, as he was feared as an informer.  He was made a C.I.E. in 1894 and 1904 saw him being Knighted as SIR . In 1915 the University of Bombay decided to confer upon him the honorary degree of Doctor of Law.

Both British stooges BR Ambedkar and GK Gokhale were from Ratnagiri.

"Britain friendly" actions and utterances of Gandhi had encouraged Rothschild to transfer Gandhi to India and put him at the helm of the freedom movement, so that nonviolent Satyagraha could be the only mode of Indian freedom struggle.  

Hermann Kalleback had closely vetted Gandhi in South Africa and passed him as a dependable stooge who could be taken into confidence ..

The blacks and Indians of South Africa, were denied basic rights by the racist regime of the British colonialists. Gandhi himself bore the brunt of such extreme discrimination.  So in South Africa, he applied  nonviolence as a political strategy . 

This  movement of peaceful civil disobedience was named Satyagraha. Ostensibly as a result, the government of South Africa passed the Indian Relief Act-1914, granting some peanut privileges to the Indians. The protagonists of Gandhian nonviolence always highlight this fact as a great victory of Gandhi .  

But these naive souls do not know that though apartheid had been abolished from the rest of the world quite a long ago, it continued in South Africa till May 1994. The racists white regime of South Africa always was quick to remind the oppressed blacks of the quick and sure benefits of adopting a Gandhian type nonviolent movement. 

Almost all Parsees of India, were British stooges, and were NOT part of the freedom struggle. One notable exception was Madame Bhikaiji Cama (1861-1936)   She was a radical firebrand freedom fighter, and was exiled from India and Britain and lived in France.  Bhikaiji was a tireless propagandist for Indian Independence--and we Indians must be grateful to this woman. 



Her Parsi husband Rustom Cama was a British stooge.  In 1936, alone and seriously ill, wishing to die in her own country she petitioned the British government to be allowed to return home. Her request was granted, provided she sign (what she had refused to all her life) a statement promising she would take no part in politics-- the usual plea bargain.  

She returned to Bombay and after an illness of eight months, died lonely, forgotten and unsung in the Parsi General Hospital at the age of 74.  We Indians WILL remember and honour this noble and kind woman. 

In 1977 my ship a VLCC Koyali docked at Cape Town. We were the largest ship to ever berth at Cape Town, with 340 metres length.  I was Second Officer. 

We had alternator ( Pielstick )  problems and since such huge high capacity spares were NOT available we were idling at berth for 3 weeks . Every day hundreds of people and local TV cameras would come to gape at the steel leviathan . Our ships picture would be in the papers almost every day-- a blow by blow running commentary --today at 7AM the ship was straining against her ropes to a fresh SE breeze--blah blah--.

The Indians out there were very happy to see Indians from the mainland.  They would invite us to their homes, and when we go there they all would be dressed as if they were going for a wedding reception, with men wearing 3 piece suits and women wearing make up and heavy jewellery.  

I spoke to some octogenarians , who knew what Gandhiji did.

I was told by my old quarter master ( hemsman ) NOT to have cold soft drinks-- "for if you do that, you will fall in love with the daughter of the family--as they will put some magic powder ". 

So when we came back to the ship we used to compare notes. We used to go on Table mountain. Every night we used to have parties with dozens of pretty girls ( not Indians necessarily ) on board.

The Captain went to a "white only" restaurant --and he sat for sometime, and then a black waiter comes to him and says " Sir, I am sorry, this restaurant does NOT serve Indians ".

The Indian beaches were different from the white beaches. The "whites only"  beaches were beautiful and shallow for a long distance. 

I saw discos, bridges , trains , cabs and buses and even barbecue areas in the woods which said "whites only".

Below , the ship is so big, that we use bicycles on deck. That is me as a young boy ( on cycle ) in 1977.



So the day we sailed , after repairs, we had a party on board.  The girls wanted me to write a poem in remembrance of good times and cheer  Let me try to remember-- Yes-- I gave it in a sealed envelop, with instructions to open it only 24 hours after we sailed out.

i still remember our days in cape town
our engines on koyali were sick and down
we danced and sung the nights away
and scouted the hills during the day
the deck officers had a well earned rest
the girls they had were cape town's best
the engineers slogged night and day
for the work in hand , was no child's play
every time the cape, koyali will round
we shall remember our days of joy unbound
( with apologies to the engineers )

The white run newspapers used to bitch daily  " See we allow Indians to go ashore.  Wonder if a South African ship goes to Bombay, if they will reciprocate ".

I was in Durban later, in 1993 in command of a container ship when the apartheid system was nipped. I went to a "white only" restaurant and also a "discotheque"  at the riviera .  

I also went for the Derby horse racing, ( 2 tickets given by the white charterers ) and I and my officer were the only browns there in that crowded place among hundreds of elite.   All were whites-- (you sit in the restaurant for hours) and look out at the track.  The whites would NOT look at our table --  the young white girls would ogle like mad , give free shows, and give secret "take a chance on me" smiles ( paradox?  HMMMM !! ). 

I guess lust has NO barriers , unlike love.



But my Radio Officer and Third Mate who joined the ship at Durban told me, that when they went to the swimming pool of the hotel, it was full of whites.  As soon as the two of them got into the pool, within  5 minutes all the whites, melted away. And they felt all ba#ls.

Even in 1994, the letter heads coming from my White Charterers Ahrenkeil ( ALS ) director's office at Johannesberg would have DUTCH,  BRITISH on the signature affixed, printed .  Dutch were one notch above the Brits in the peckin' order.  So I would write back with INDIAN below my signature and Captain stamp. 

TEE HEEEEE-- 

Gopal Krishna Gokhale used his scarf given by his guru Ranade as a personality prop.  Almost the same way Mohinder Amarnath used to leave a red silk handkerchief given to him by his father, peeking out of his back pocket, when he walked out to bat. 

Gandhi made a great deal of washing and ironing the scarf to endear himself to Gokhale. And Gandhi made a great deal of not wearing chappals for a year after Gokhale died. Why do you need to give a public display of all these private affections, unless something is seriously wrong with your character and mindset? 


Dadabhai Naoroji was the mentor of Gopal Krishna Gokhale.  Dadabha Naoroji was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the United Kingdom House of Commons between 1892 and 1895, and the first Asian to ever be a British MP.  

The Indian National Congress was founded by him , along with A.O. Hume and Dinshaw Edulji Wacha . Naoroji was elected President of the Congress in 1886. Naoroji was a Rothschild stooge and an opium agent of Rothschild.



In 1885 he went to England to manage his company Cama & Co.  He was a part owner in this Opium shipping agency , the other owners being Kharshedji Cama , Mancherji Hormusjee Cama.  The Cama family partly owned (benami ) and ran Asia's oldest newspaper The Bombay Samachar in India,  the real hidden owner being Rothschild.

If patriot Babarao Ganesh Savarkar had been awarded the “ Knight Commander of the British Raj empire “ award,  which was accepted by Gokhale,  he would have fainted in shame -- and then shaved off his head in penance.

My next post will be about Bagha Jatin, a SUNK patriot --  

India would have  been free before the first world war if 
the German ship had delivered a shipload of arms and 
ammunition to him.  Bagha Jatin is the BENGAL TIGER 
OF INDIA.  Gandhi had condemned Jatin several times.


Now, some doodh ka doodh paani ka paani--

The cry JAI HIND was NOT coined by Netaji Bose.  It was made by Dr Champakaraman Pillai ,  who formed the Berlin Committee in Germany to assist freedom fighters before the 1st World war . He  had direct dealings with Hitler. He died on May 28th, 1934 under suspicious circumstances , because he asked for a written apology from Hitler with a deadline, for derogatory reference to Indians in his book Mein Kamph.. His ashes were scattered in Karamana River in Thiruvananthapuram.  His ashes could not be brought in before, due to objections from Gandhiji and Nehru . The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought the great patriot Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.   He had come to Madras on German battleship, SS Emden and angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara.  

Rash Behari Bose was in Japan taking shelter with Mitsuru Toyama, head of the dreaded Yakuza.

Bagha Jatin the great patriot was in charge in India —the Bengal Tiger of India.

Pandit Shyamaji Krishnavarma, formed  Indian Home Rule Society, India House in London . His ashes too were rejected by Gandhi and Nehru.  Finally Bollywood actor Vinod Khanna , Narendra Modi , and others etc pulled levers, and this great patriot's ashes was officially handed over to the Chief Minister of Gujarat State on August 22, 2003,  by the Ville de Genève and the Swiss government, 55 years after Indian Independence.

Well what do we know?-- the young generation knows Diggi Vijay , Ambika Soni , Anand Sharma , Kapil Sibal etc , right?

"Right is might" --  Capt Ajit Vadakayil ( Sept 2012 ) 

SOMETIMES ANIMALS ARE MORE PERCEPTIVE THAN GULLIBLE HUMANS

WE INDIANS HAVE GIVEN THIS HONEST AND HONOURABLE MAN , A VERY RAW DEAL.   THE NEHRU DYNASTY DID NOT EVEN INVESTIGATE HIS DEATH IN TASHKENT.  




I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED, AS IT WAS TOLD TO ME 2 DECADES AGO BY MY RUSSIAN CHIEF OFFICER, WHOSE FATHER WORKED IN KGB-- OVER A COUPLE OF VODKAS.

This post is continued . Part 2 can be read by punching into Google search-- DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF MAHATMA GANDHI- VADAKAYIL

111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers died in the First World War for Britain and 243000 ( 2.43 ) lakh Indian soldiers died in the Second World War for Britain. 

Indians did NOT want to fight for the cruel white English speaking Christian invader.  

See how well Rothschild groomed Gandhi in South Africa using Leo Tolstoy's mindless non-violence doctrine.








"May it please Your Honour" by Nathuram Godse               





[On 8 November 1948, Nathuram Godse (19 May 1910-15 November 1949) rose to make his statement in court. Reading quietly from a typed manuscript, he sought to explain why he had killed Gandhi. His thesis covered ninety-pages, and he was on his feet for five hours. Godse's statement, excerpted below, should be read by citizens and scholars in its entirely, for it provides an insight into his personality and his understanding of the concept of Indian nationhood – Editor]


"Born in a devotional Brahmin family, I instinctively came to revere Hindu religion, Hindu history and Hindu culture. I had, therefore, been intensely proud of Hinduism as a whole. As I grew up I developed a tendency to free thinking unfettered by any superstitious allegiance to any isms, political or religious. That is why I worked actively for the eradication of untouchability and the caste system based on birth alone. I openly joined anti-caste movements and maintained that all Hindus are of equal status as to rights, social and religious, and should be considered high or low on merit alone and not through the accident of birth in a particular caste or profession.


I used publicly to take part in organized anti-caste dinners which thousands of Hindus, Brahmins, Vaishyas, Kshatriyas, Chamars and B-----s participated. We broke the caste rules and dined in the company of each other. I have read the speeches and writings of Dadabhai Naoroji, Vivekanand, Gokhale, Tilak, along with the books of ancient and modern history of India and some prominent countries like England, France, America and Russia. Moreover I studied the tenets of socialism and Marxism. But above all I studied very closely what Veer (brave) Savarkar and Gandhiji had written and spoken, as to my mind these two ideologies have contributed more to the moulding of the thought and action of the Indian people during the last thirty years or so, than any other factor has done.


All this thinking and reading led me to believe that it was my first duty to serve Hindudom and Hindus both as a patriot and as a world citizen. To secure the freedom and to safeguard the just interests of some thirty crores (three hundred million) of Hindus would automatically constitute the freedom and well-being of all India, one fifth of the human race. This conviction led me naturally to devote myself to the Hindu Sanatanist ideology and programme, which alone, I came to believe, could win and preserve the National Independence of Hindustan, my Motherland, and enable her to render true service to humanity as well. Since the year 1920, that is, after the demise of Lokmanya Tilak, Gandhi's influence in the Congress first increased and then became supreme.


His activities for public awakening were phenomenal in their intensity and were reinforced by the slogan of truth and non-violence, which he paraded ostentatiously before the country. No sensible or enlightened person could object to these slogans. In fact there is nothing new or original in them. They are implicit in every constitutional public movement. But it is nothing but a dream if you imagine the bulk of mankind is, or can ever become, capable of scrupulous adherence to these lofty principles in its normal life from day to day. In fact, honour, duty and love of one's own kith and kin and country might often compel us to disregard non-violence and to use force. I could never conceive that an armed resistance to an aggression is unjust.


I would consider it a religious and moral duty to resist and if possible, to overpower such an enemy by use of force. (In the Ramayana) Rama killed Ravana in a tumultuous fight and relieved Sita. (In the Mahabharata) Krishna killed Kansa to end his wickedness; and Arjuna had to fight and slay quite a number of his friends and relations, including the revered Bhishma, because the latter was on the side of the aggressor. It is my firm belief that in dubbing Rama, Krishna and Arjuna as guilty of violence, the Mahatma betrayed the total ignorance of the springs of human action. In more recent history, it was the heroic fight put up by Chhatrapati Shivaji that first checked and eventually destroyed the Muslim tyranny in India. It was absolutely essential for Shivaji to overpower and kill an aggressive Afzal Khan, failing which he would have lost his own life. In condemning history's towering warriors like Shivaji, Rana Pratap and Guru Govind Singh as misguided patriots, Gandhi has merely exposed his self-conceit.


He was, paradoxical, as it may appear, a violent pacifist who brought untold calamities on the country in the name of truth and non-violence, while Rana Pratap, Shivaji and the Guru will remain enshrined in the hearts of their countrymen forever for the freedom they brought to them. The accumulating provocation of thirty-two years, culminating in his last pro-Muslim fast, at last goaded me to the conclusion that the existence of Gandhi should be brought to an end immediately. Gandhi had done very good work in South Africa to uphold the rights and well being of the Indian community there.


But when he finally returned to India, he developed a subjective mentality under which he alone was to be the final judge of what was right or wrong. If the country wanted his leadership, it had to accept his infallibility; if it did not, he would stand aloof from the Congress and carry on in his own way. Against such an attitude there can be no halfway house. Either Congress had to surrender its will to his and had to be content with playing second fiddle to all his eccentricity, whimsicality, metaphysics and primitive vision, or it had to carry on without him. He alone was the judge of everyone and everything; he was the master brain guiding the Civil Disobedience movement; no other could know the technique of that movement. He alone knew when to begin it and when to withdraw it. The movement might succeed or fail, but that could make no difference to the Mahatma's infallibility. 'A Satyagrahi can never fail' was his formula for his own infallibility and nobody except himself knew what a Satyagrahi is.


Thus the Mahatma became the judge and the jury in his own case. These childish insanities and obstinacies, coupled with a most severe austerity of life, ceaseless work and lofty character made Gandhi formidable and irresistible. Many people thought that his policies were irrational, but they had either to withdraw from the Congress or place their intelligence at his feet to do with as he liked. In a position of such absolute irresponsibility, Gandhi was guilty of blunder after blunder, failure after failure, and disaster after disaster. Gandhi's pro-Muslim policy is blatantly illustrated in his perverse attitude on the question of the national language of India. It is quite obvious that Hindi has the most prior claim to be accepted as the premier language.


In the beginning of his career in India, Gandhi gave a great impetus to Hindi, but as he found that the Muslims did not like it, he became a champion of what is called Hindustani. Everybody in India knows that there is no language in India called Hindustani; it has no grammar; it has no vocabulary. It is a mere dialect; it is spoken, not written. It is a tongue and a crossbreed between Hindi and Urdu, and not even the Mahatma's sophistry could make it popular. But in his desire to please the Muslims he insisted that Hindustani alone should be the national language of India. His blind followers, of course, supported him and the so-called hybrid language began to be used. The charm and the purity of the Hindi language were to be prostituted to please the Muslims. All his experiments were at the expense of the Hindus.


From August 1946 onwards, the private armies of the Muslim League began a massacre of Hindus. The then Viceroy, Lord Wavell, though distressed at what was happening, would not use his powers under the Government of India Act of 1935 to prevent the rape, murder and arson. The Hindu blood began to flow from Bengal to Karachi with little retaliation by the Hindus. The Interim Government formed in September was sabotaged by its Muslim League members right from its inception, but the more they became disloyal and treasonable to the government of which they were a part, the greater was Gandhi's infatuation for them.


Lord Wavell had to resign as he could not bring about a settlement and was succeeded by Lord Mountbatten. King Stork followed King Log. The Congress, which had boasted of its nationalism and secularism, secretly accepted Pakistan literally at the point of the bayonet and abjectly surrendered to Jinnah. India was vivisected and one-third of the Indian Territory became foreign land to us from 15 August 1947. Lord Mountbatten came to be described in the Congress circles as the greatest Viceroy and Governor-General this country ever had.


The official date for the handing over of power was fixed for June 30, 1948, but Mountbatten with his ruthless surgery gave us a gift of vivisected India ten months in advance. This is what Gandhi had achieved after thirty years of undisputed dictatorship and this is what the Congress party calls 'freedom' and 'peaceful transfer of power'. The Hindu-Muslim unity bubble was finally burst and a theocratic state was established with the consent of Nehru and his crowd and they have called it 'freedom won by them with sacrifice' - whose sacrifice? When top leaders of Congress, with the consent of Gandhi, divided and tore the country - which we considered a deity of worship - my mind was filled with direful anger.


One of the conditions imposed by Gandhi for his breaking of the fast related to the mosques in Delhi occupied by the Hindu refugees. But when Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to violent attacks he did not so much as utter a single word to protest and censure the Pakistan Government or the Muslims concerned. Gandhi was shrewd enough to know that while undertaking a fast unto death, had he imposed some conditions on the Muslims in Pakistan, there would have been found hardly any Muslims who could have shown some grief if the fast had ended in his death. It was for this reason that he purposely avoided imposing any conditions on the Muslims.


He was fully aware from past experience that Jinnah was not at all perturbed or influenced by his fast and the Muslim League hardly attached any value to the inner voice of Gandhi. Gandhi is being referred to as the Father of the Nation. But if that is so, he has failed in his paternal duty inasmuch he has acted very treacherously to the nation by his consenting to the partitioning of it. I stoutly maintain that Gandhi has failed in his duty. He has proved to be the Father of Pakistan. His inner-voice, his spiritual power, his doctrine of non-violence of which so much is made of, all crumbled against Jinnah's iron will and proved to be powerless.


Briefly speaking, I thought to myself and foresaw that I shall be totally ruined, and the only thing I could expect from the people would be nothing but hatred and that I shall have lost all my honour, even more valuable than my life, if I were to kill Gandhiji. But at the same time I thought that the Indian politics in the absence of Gandhiji would surely be practical, able to retaliate and would be powerful with the armed forces. No doubt, my own future would be totally ruined, but the nation would be saved from the inroads of Pakistan. People may even call me or dub me as devoid of any sense or foolish, but the nation would be free to follow the course founded on the reason, which I consider necessary for sound nation-building.


After having fully considered the question, I took the final decision in the matter, but I did not speak about it to anyone whatsoever. I took courage in both my hands and I did fire the shots at Gandhiji on 30th January 1948, on the prayer-grounds in Birla House. I do say that my shots were fired at the person whose policy and action had brought rack and ruin and destruction to millions of Hindus. There was no legal machinery by which such an offender could be brought to book and for this reason I fired those fatal shots. I bear no ill will towards anyone individually, but I do say that I had no respect for the present government owing to their policy, which was unfairly favourable towards the Muslims. But at the same time I could clearly see that the policy was entirely due to the presence of Gandhi.


I have to say with great regret that Prime Minister Nehru quite forgets that his preaching and deeds are at times at variance with each other when he talks about India as a secular state in season and out of season, because it is significant to note that Nehru has played a leading role in the theocratic state of Pakistan, and his job was made easier by Gandhi's persistent policy of appeasement towards the Muslims. I now stand before the court to accept the full share of my responsibility for what I have done and the judge would, of course, pass against me such orders of sentence as may be considered proper. But I would like to add that I do not desire any mercy to be shown to me, nor do I wish that anyone should beg for mercy on my behalf.


My confidence about the moral side of my action has not been shaken even by the criticism levelled against it on all sides. I have no doubt that honest writers of history will weigh my act and find the true value thereof someday in future."


Nathuram Godse was hanged a year later, on 15 November 1949; as per his last wishes, his family and followers have preserved his ashes for immersion in the Indus River of a re-united India 



Above: Gandhi's last moment of truth!


Grace and peace!


Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience. 

Remember in both First and Second World Wars,  Gandhi urged Indians to kill Germans for the British. He did NOT want Indians to kill the cruel British invaders .

Rings a bell?




Gandhi’s eldest son Harilal Mohandas Gandhi died after Gandhi was assassinated and he turned up for the funeral like a vagabond  and nobody recognized him.  Seeing his father mollycoddling the Muslims he had revolted and converted to Islam.   Aware of his father’s devious ways , he became a total drunkard .





NATHU RAM GODSE'S SPEECH AT THE TRIAL
  
Nathuram Godse's speech at trial .. DO read it fully
Full text of Godse's speech at his trial.....

" On January 13, 1948, I learnt that Gandhiji had decided to go on fast unto
death. The reason given was that he wanted an assurance of Hindu-Muslim
Unity... But I and many others could easily see that the real motive...
[was] to compel the Dominion Government to pay the sum of Rs 55 crores to
Pakistan, the payment of which was emphatically refused by the
Government.... But this decision of the people's Government was reversed to
suit the tune of Gandhiji's fast. It was evident to my mind that the force
of public opinion was nothing but a trifle when compared with the leanings
of Gandhiji favourable to Pakistan.

....In 1946 or thereabout, Muslim atrocities perpetrated on Hindus under the
Government patronage of Surhawardy in Noakhali made our blood boil. Our
shame and indignation knew no bounds when we saw that Gandhiji had come
forward to shield that very Surhawardy and began to style him as 'Shaheed
Saheb' - a martyr - even in his prayer meetings...

....Gandhiji's influence in the Congress first increased and then became
supreme. His activities for public awakening were phenomenal in their
intensity and were reinforced by the slogans of truth and non-violence which
he ostentatiously paraded before the country... I could never conceive that
an armed resistance to the aggressor is unjust... Ram killed Ravan in a
tumultuous fight... Krishna killed Kansa to end his wickedness... In
condemning Shivaji, Rana Pratap and Guru Govind as 'misguided patriots,'
Gandhiji has merely exposed his self-conceit... Gandhiji was, paradoxically,
a violent pacifist who brought untold calamities on the country in the name
of truth and nonviolence, while Rana Pratap, Shivaji and the Guru will
remain enshrined in the hearts of their countrymen forever...

....By 1919, Gandhiji had become desperate in his endeavours to get the
Muslims to trust him and went from one absurd promise to another... He
backed the Khilafat movement in this country and was able to enlist the full
support of the National Congress in that policy... very soon the Moplah
Rebellion showed that the Muslims had not the slightest idea of national
unity... There followed a huge slaughter of Hindus... The British
Government, entirely unmoved by the rebellion, suppressed it in a few months
and left to Gandhiji the joy of his Hindu-Muslim Unity... British
Imperialism emerged stronger, the Muslims became more fanatical, and the
consequences were visited on the Hindus...

The accumulating provocation of 32 years, culminating in his last pro-Muslim
fast, at last goaded me to the conclusion that the existence of Gandhiji
should be brought to an end immediately... he developed a subjective
mentality under which he alone was the final judge of what was right or
wrong... Either Congress had to surrender its will to him and play second
fiddle to all his eccentricity, whimsicality... or it had to carry on
without him... He was the master brain guiding the civil disobedience
movement... The movement may succeed or fail; it may bring untold disasters
and political reverses, but that could make no difference to the Mahatma's
infallibility... These childish inanities and obstinacies, coupled with a
most severe austerity of life, ceaseless work and lofty character, made
Gandhiji formidable and irresistible... In a position of such absolute
irresponsibility, Gandhiji was guilty of blunder after blunder...

....The Mahatma even supported the separation of Sindh from the Bombay
Presidency and threw the Hindus of Sindh to the communal wolves. Numerous
riots took place in Karachi, Sukkur, Shikarpur and other places in which the
Hindus were the only sufferers...

....From August 1946 onwards, the private armies of the Muslim League began
a massacre of the Hindus... Hindu blood began to flow from Bengal to Karachi
with mild reactions in the Deccan... The Interim government formed in
September was sabotaged by its Muslim League members, but the more they
became disloyal and treasonable to the government of which they were a part,
the greater was Gandhi's infatuation for them...

....The Congress, which had boasted of its nationalism and socialism,
secretly accepted Pakistan and abjectly surrendered to Jinnah. India was
vivisected and one-third of the Indian territory became foreign land to
us... This is what Gandhiji had achieved after 30 years of undisputed
dictatorship, and this is what Congress party calls 'freedom'...

....One of the conditions imposed by Gandhiji for his breaking of the fast
unto death related to the mosques in Delhi occupied by Hindu refugees. But
when Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to violent attacks he did not so much
as utter a single word to protest and censure the Pakistan government...

Gandhi is being referred to as the Father of the Nation. But if that is so,
he had failed his paternal duty inasmuch as he has acted very treacherously
to the nation by his consenting to the partitioning of it... The people of
this country were eager and vehement in their opposition to Pakistan. But
Gandhiji played false with the people...

....I shall be totally ruined, and the only thing I could expect from the
people would be nothing but hatred... if I were to kill Gandhiji. But at the
same time, I felt that Indian politics in the absence of Gandhiji would
surely be proved practical, able to retaliate, and be powerful with armed
forces. No doubt, my own future would be totally ruined, but the nation
would be saved from the inroads of Pakistan...

....I do say that my shots were fired at the person whose policy and action
had brought rack and ruin and destruction to millions of Hindus... There was
no legal machinery by which such an offender could be brought to book, and
for this reason I fired those fatal shots...

....I do not desire any mercy to be shown to me... I did fire shots at
Gandhiji in open daylight. I did not make any attempt to run away; in fact I
never entertained any idea of running away. I did not try to shoot myself...
for, it was my ardent desire to give vent to my thoughts in an open Court.
My confidence about the moral side of my action has not been shaken even by
the criticism levelled of against it on all sides. 

I have no doubt, honest writers of history will weigh my act and find the
 true value thereof some day in future. "



I must explode a bombshell right now. 

Chitapavan means “found lying at sea shore” in colloquial Hindi.  

Chitpavans of Maharashtra were a bunch of light eyed jews who ventured from Kerala northwards by ship and their ship sank in the NW monsoon off the Kolaba district of Konkan . 

The Y chromosome of Chitpavan Brahmins , who were unknown before the 18th century, contains a Cohenim haplotype unique to Jewish Rabbis. 

The Bene Israel claim that they share a common origin with the Indian Jews Chitpavan Brahmins.  

BR Ambedkar’s wife was a Chitpavan Brahmin.  

Gopal Krishna Gokhale the mentor of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

The assassin of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

Mahadev Govind Ranade the mentor of Gokhale and the founding member of the Indian National Congress was a Chitpavan. 

Rothschild had their fake Western historians inject every where that Chitpavan Brahmins are explained in the tall tale of Lord  Parshuram in the Sahyadrikhanda of the Skanda Purana.

Hey, ring a bell?





Gandhi was created in South Africa by the Rothschild as the only brown skin leader who can make the might British Empire bend , a tall leader who commands so much respect and awe that even Britannia who ruled the waves got into fog ,unable to navigate.

Gandhi was aggressively propped up and promoted by Christian missionaries and General Jan Christiaan Smuts, who bend every time he had a head on collision with Gandhi-giving all Indian coolies a terrific ego massage visavis Gandhi.

Nobody EVER  heard of Gandhi before, neither in South Africa nor in India.  The constant arm twisting of a powerful racist like Gen Smuts and extravagant concessions extracted  by Gandhi spread his fame far and wide. All this was a huge charade.

When Gandhi arrived in India, the British government kept bowing before him in all his agitations and conceded what he had demanded.  All this cannot be rare coincidence even to a duffer.

Gradually, Indians began to rally behind Gandhi as the “tall leader who gets the work done.”.

General Jan Christiaan Smuts was a Rothschild stooge for he was the only person to sign each of the peace treaties ending the First and Second World Wars, a war fought with the sole intention of carving out the state of Israel.  

Gen Smuts was a field marshal in the British Army in 1941, and served in the Imperial War Cabinet under Winston Churchill whose mother is Rothschild .

Today an Israeli town is named after Gen Jan Smuts, a man who was a close friend of Rothschild, and Lord Balfour..


Gen Jan Christiaan Smuts bust was installed in 1949 in the  Hebrew University of Jerusalem, in a ceremony attended by Gen Smuts  Mr. Justice Leopold Greenberg and E.D. Goitein, the Israel minister.

Below : Chappals made by Gandhi for Gen Smuts .



Gandhi was awarded 3 medals by the British while in South Africa.  The most notable was The Kaisar-i-Hind Medal , a medal awarded by the British monarch in 1915, for rendering distinguished service in the advancement of the interests of the British Raj.  



The name literally means "Emperor of India" in the vernacular of the Hindi and Urdu languages and was pinned on him by Lord Hardinge of Penshurst.
********************************************************************
IS RAHUL GANDHI FIT TO BE INDIA'S PRIME MINISTER? - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


IS RAHUL GANDHI FIT TO BE INDIA'S PRIME MINISTER?  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



The Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh, today on National TV , has directly attacked Congress General Secretary Rahul Gandhi stating categorically that he is unfit to lead the country.  

"Rahul Gandhi lacks the ability to run the country. He has not been able to rise up to the challenge"

Sonia Gandhi has maneuvered her Man Friday Pranab Mukherjee onto the Presidents chair, replacing Puran Poli nay—Pratibha Patil.   She fervently hopes that Mukherjee will invite Rahul to be PM when the stage is set , despite his Italian birth certificate, against the Indian Constitution.

Sonia Gandhi went skippety skip to President Abdul Kalam to be PM.  Patriot Sushma Swaraj threatenened to shave off her head and enter Parliament to wake up sleeping India.  Immediately Sonia got cold feet and withdrew, hoppety hop. 

Dijvijaya Singh has been shouting from the roof tops that it is indeed time for Rahul Gandhi to take over as Prime Minister.  

And suddenly all joined the "animal farm" chorus – who wants to miss them cherries doled out to family loyalists by  Sonia Gandhi. 



But alas, the million dollar question is – is Rahul Gandhi fit to be India’s PM.

Has he displayed  any responsibility till today?  Has he or his mother every shown a vestige of accountability when things go wrong?  

AK Antony , a Christian member of the inner coterie of Sonia,  fixed the blame for the pathetic performance of Congress in UP on everybody except Rahul baba.  A grateful Sonia rewarded Antony by making him No 2 , after PM,  hop-step-jumping the seniority queue .   

Mind you, just the previous year Rahul had gleefully, with dimpled and pink cheeks , taken a sham award from CNN IBN, from loyalists Rajdeep Sardesai and his wife  “cacafonika” nay- Sagarika Ghose for “single handedly” reviving the fortunes of Congress party in UP.


  
HUM HONGE KAAMYAAB!  Ek Din

In 2009, Manmohan Singh asked Rahul to join the cabinet, but Yuv-raj evaded the responsibility.   He and mummy Sonia have been quick to claim credit,  only when things went right .

If she was a ship’s captain she would cry “ I took the ship from A to B,  I loaded C cargo,  I navigated the ship through storm D,  I discharged the cargo at E,  but alas THEY ran the ship aground.

Rahul was quick to rush to Dadri Kond to claim credit for stopping a mining project.  Do leaders with spirit swallow credit and let someone else take the blame?

Has Rahul ever been open to a dialogue, or a debate or a press conference?  Can he answer a simple question  without being helped out .

Can Rahul ever sit through a Arnab Goswami interview?  




Winning hearts , Rahul style !

Can he dare to come on National TV and take on Narendra Modi, Arun Jaitley, Sushma Swaraj or even a Lalu Prasad in a debate?

Has he ever subjected himself to detailed scrutiny?

Cn an invisible leader, who surfaces only when he chooses to, is not fit to be PM of this country?

Why does he require dual citizenship?  I am sure Italians will rather desert their country than be ruled by a half breed mulato.

Has Rahul ever held any job in his life?  Are his educational qualifications as low and shocking as what was told by Subramanyam Swami in the media and TV?  

The Indian Express has done some detailed reporting on the educational qualification claimed by Rahul in his MP affidavits, as not matching their investigations in Cambridge, UK.  

Subramanian Swamy, the biggest thorn to the Nehru dynasty of late, has even gone on record stating that Rahul is “a super dumbo”.    Hey, how about a moonh todh rebuttal to prove Swamy is wrong , Rahul?







Why has he NOT taken a stand corruption and the humongous black money stashed away abroad?

Has Rahul Gandhi ever demonstrated the political will to rule a huge and complex country like India where the Red Corridor occupies 20% of the land mass ?  India is NOT Singapore!


Kootchiee Koo - winning hearts , Rahul style !

Beyond being a member of the royal dynasty , what are his qualifications?

BJP leader Sushma Swaraj accused Congress leaders of looting "mota-maal  (huge amount of money)" over coal scam in the Parliament .  She was immediately ridiculed as having no class.

Italian Queen Bee conveniently forgot that she was the first to ever to abuse an elected CM Narendra Modi calling him “ Maut ka Saudagar “( messenger of death ).  In India such a taunt about death is tasteless, I cant say about Italy. 

You should have seen the way Tamilian non-hindi speaker Chid lisped "moochaa maawl" on TV.-- priceless it was!!



Does Rahul have any charisma , like Indira Gandhi or Pandit Nehru?

How many times has he displayed his poor knowledge about India and world affairs?.

Why was he mentioned in Niira Radia's tapes over some business interest with Dayanidhi Maran?

Irrepressible Ram Jethmalani termed Rahul’s  MP tenure as a total disaster.  



Some objective facts –
Rahul presented zero private member’s Bills during the 14th Lok Sabha.  Rahul asked a grand total of three questions in five years. There were a total of 89,055 questions asked by all MPs combined.  Rahul Gandhi’s share was a mind boggling  0.003%--BRAVO!  He attended 63 per cent of the Lok Sabha assemblies.

Now about the 15th Lok Sabha--
Rahul Paaji’s  attendance in the current Lok Sabha is a whopping 42%. Compare this with the national MP attendance average of 77 %. Among 487 MPs for whom records are available, Rahul is among the bottom three % for attendance,  zero in private member’s Bill presentation, not one mangy question , when there have been 99,416 intelligent questions in total and among the bottom 10 per cent in debate participation. 

KHAAA NETA KHAAA !



You must note that yuv-raj is not holding any Cabinet post which would take time away from doing his basic job as an MP.

Our dimpled poster boy riding Mumbai local train with a posse of black cats , has been WAAH WAAHED by his stooge TV channels like CNN IBN and NDTV.

Rahul , why do you hate Hindus?  

Why did you go crying to the US ambassador ( Wiki leaks ) Timothy Roemer  that RSS is worse than lashkar E Toiba?  Why do you NOT see a  MOTA line between a Hindu desh bhakt desh bhakt and a foreign Islamic desh drohi org?

Do you know who Rash Behari Bose , Jatin Bagha, Dr.Champakaraman Pillai, Krishna Varma , Ganesh Baburao Savarkar , MN Roy , Madan Lal Dhingra etc are?  

All you know are Anand Sharma, Ambika Soni, Kapil Sibal, Salman Khurshid, Diggi Bhai etc , right?



We want strong independent leaders with political will to rule us. Like your great grandfather Nehru, Vajpayee, your grandmother Indira Gandhi etc . We want to respect  our leaders, ala Abdul Kalam, Radhakrishnan etc.

Because of you , your bright sister Priyanka has lost out — and now her husband Robert Vadra with his sudden ill gotten DLF millions has hurt her political chances too.  

I knew of SUDDEN a cowboy called James Green ( author Oliver Strange ) -- Robert Vadhera is India's answer to SUDDEN-WUDDEN !--- he is faaaaast, OK?!




There is a puraskar --nay-- gift hamper--for anybody who can make millions faster than Robert Bhai.

Priyanka’s  act of “forgiving” foreign Catholic Christian funded LTTE , has NOT gone well with patriotic Indians either, who feel your father Rajiv Gandhi ( a good soul ) did NOT deserve to die the way he did. 

Priyanka must know that ever since Prabhakaran got converted and became Bro Pirbakaran ( de-Sanskritised name ), and after Col Karuna broke off with the Hindu faction, the whole of  LTTE terror was church financed.  Nuclear nextgen fuel Thorium was removed from this area.  

I do hope this forgiveness thing was your own decision, Priyanka . India will NOT forgive Pirbakaran ever.

Rahul , when will you be your own man, without advisers and speech writers inputs?  Indians are mortally afraid that after becoming PM you will take sycophancy and nepotism to dizzying heights - nay-- the highest notch.

Rahul, why have you not won the hearts and minds of your countrymen?

Do you have a vision for India?  

Did you ever think that  PM post of a great nation like India is just a legacy?

We do know that you are polite , soft and a good soul like your dad .  

But on the PMs’ chair in India , we want a chain hacksaw, like your strong grandmother, who gave slimy US President Nixon an inferiority  complex .. we don’t want a nice dimpled babe in the woods.



 Kootchiee Koo - winning hearts , Rahul style !

Sonia Gandhi, gave unsolicited reports to all who bothered to listen “No one can take a decision on his behalf.  Rahul has to take the decision."

His girlfriend is a Christian from Latin America.  Suppose he marries her. will she be his political heir and will India have the misfortune of another millstone , of another 100% foreign  DNA ruler around our necks ? This time a dizzy cum lizzy Colombian madame?

Does Rahul have the ability to comprehend,  grasp and logically analyse the complex internal and external problems facing the country ? 

Does Rahul do lateral thinking and think outside the box? 

Should Rahul be a holy cow, beyond reproach ?  Hell No!

Do we care for the likes of Cacafonika nay --Sagarika Ghose:  “Rahul turns 41. His dad Rajiv was PM at 40. Should MMS step down in favour of Rahul? FTN 10pm tonight”  pathetic!!

Has his unbalanced accounts in Lok Sabha about Palawaty  ( Vidarbha) cut any ice?  Cant spell the K name here , as all posts about this name on Google search,  is spammed by his inner coterie.   

Why don’t you try? This is what India has become.



All in India know that K was a creation of a ventriloquist speech writer, of the inner coterie who would love to have Yuvraj as his doll, when he becomes PM later.   

His style was for Rahul to cherry pick a trivial issue and make a mountain out of it. All this has been very puzzling to political experts.  Hey,, Rahul are you sure that your are NOT being sabotaged? This has happened so often in world history.




Here is some leadership spirit for you—from a man who has been a leader for more than 32 years.

Words have the power to start wars or create peace .  Hence leadership requires first and foremost excellent communication skills.

A leader creates the vision, and a strategy to reach the vision . It has a lot to do with the powers of intuition and the operation of the RH side of the brain .

Good behavior and dimpled smiles is the last refuge of mediocrity. Check out the well behaved , non controversial , Rosgolla sweet guys around you and see how good they are! Rather be saved by criticism than be ruined by praise.

What you cannot comprehend---you cannot predict.  A leader must have perception . A common denominator among successful leaders is that they consistently make superior evaluations and so can anticipate better than others.

Respect is gained by personal courage displayed during difficult times and in the face of potential strong opposition.

Choose the right words— your voice tone, intonation, volume , facial expression , gesture , body language all play a part in the message you send.  Unless all these parts of the equation match , the message remains garbled.

You cant motivate people with logic.  If you want to move them , and win their hearts and minds you must touch their emotions.


Rahul’s birthday is celebrated in India as Kisan Adhikar Diwas ( Farmers’ Rights Day)—like eminent scholar cum President Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan’s birthday is celebrated as "teachers day".  Last year it was celebrated in a grand manner, in 4000 chaupals all over India.

Wish I was there. Who would not love to eat FREE premium quality laddus and Jalebis -- all fukkat mein--woh bhi asli ghee ka!.  

I feel like singing JEELABI BAI --



Above: Stupid is forever, ignorance can be fixed - Don Wood. 



See, I am like you only!


 



 


Rahul, if you read this post-- here is an KINDERGARTEN lesson for you in "world leader politics" .  

Punch into Google search --
FALSE FLAG ATTACK ON IRAN WILL TRIGGER WORLD WAR 3 VADAKAYIL. 

 



Rahul ( I know that you will read this post ) :  Here is a piece of advise. 

Do NOT trust people who praise you to the skies. 

You must have heard Salman Khurshid, telling on TV that he will give up his life for you and your mother. 

Such people serve themselves. 

People who are really fond of you, and want you to come up in life, will NOT behave in this slimy manner. 

Such people will be the first to run away , when you are NOT in power and can do nothing for them .

On my ship , in my first meeting I declare " I do NOT want YES men around me. I will NOT have anybody telling me in private or public that I am the best ".

Rahul -- Punch into Google search BLUE OCEAN LEADERSHIP - VADAKAYIL. 

 

See the video below-- 

This video shocked India- 

POLITICS IS IN YOUR PANTS !


 


Below , one of the sycophants' .








After finishing school education, Rahul Gandhi got admission at the St. Stephens College , run  by Christian missionaries, in New Delhi,  not on merit basis but on sports quota of rifle shooting.  

What medal did he win?  And from where?



Capt. Ajit VadakayilMarch 16, 2014 at 1:27 AM
STOP PRESS:

THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE HAVE BEEN CRITICIZING RAHUL GANDHI .

RAHUL HAS THE WHOLE OF CBI / CYBER SECURITY / POLICE UNDER HIM -- AS HIS POLITICAL PARTY IS RULING.

RAHUL GANDHI HAS THE GRATITUDE OF CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL FOR NOT STIFLING DISSENT .

MIND YOU SOME OF THIS CRITICISM HAS BEEN VERY VITROLIC AND DESTRUCTIVE TO HIS PERSONAL BRAND .

BUT IF YOU AS A DESH BHAKT , CRITICISE SATYAMEVA JAYATE AND AAMIR KHAN ( JUST BECAUSE HE IS THE ANCHOR ) -- HE WILL MOVE THE CYBER SECURITY AND POLICE .

LET THIS TRUTH REMAIN ON RECORD .

capt ajit vadakayil
********************************************************************
DR.CHEMPAKARAMAN PILLAI, THE UNSUNG FREEDOM FIGHTER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DR.CHEMPAKARAMAN PILLAI,  GERMAN NAVAL  SHIP SS EMDEN  RAID OF MADRAS ,  UNSUNG FREEDOM FIGHTER WHO COINED THE CRY "JAIHIND" -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Dr.Chempakaraman Pillai, ( September 15, 1891 – May 26, 1934) was an great Indian freedom fighter who organized the revolutionary struggle against British rule, from Germany before the First World war.

He liased with Rash Behari Bose and Nairsan who were stationed at Japan and Bagha Jatin who took care of the Indian sector operations.

Chempakaraman Pillai was born in Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum). He used to read the Kesari publications of the great patriot  Lokmanya Bal Gangadhara Tilak, and got the fire within him.

As a school boy he happened to meet Sir Walter Strickland, a British biologist, who visited Thiruvananthapuram in search of botanical specimens. Chempakaraman, then just fifteen years old, went abroad with Strickland and landed in Europe.  Strickland got him admitted to a school in Austria from where he completed his high school education.

Pillai studied to be an Engineer. 

On the outbreak of the First World War, Pillai formed the International Pro-India Committee with Zurich as its headquarters in early 1914 and himself as its President. 



Feeling that the first WW would erupt , he took advantage of the situation and moved to Berlin in mid 1914 . The International Pro-India Committee formed by Chempakaraman Pillai in Zurich was merged in the Berlin Committee, which continued as the guiding and controlling institution for all the Pro-Indian revolutionary activities in Europe. 

Soon the Committee's branches sprang up in Amsterdam, Stockholm, Washington, and in many other parts of Europe and America.

He was the first to raise "Jai Hind" slogan, adopted by INA chief Subash Chandra Bose. 

Pillai was the forerunner of Rash Behari Bose and Subhas Chandra Bose in organizing an Indian Army abroad to strike against the enemies at home.

The other members of his group were Chatto, Prabhakar and Hafiz, later joined by Har Dayal & Thara Chandar Das. All these people reached Berlin either through USA or Switzerland, two neutral states.

 The Indian Independence Committee ultimately became got in touch with the the Ghadar Party in the United States of America.  In July 1914, Chempakaraman Pillai from Berlin called upon Indian soldiers in the British Indian Army to rise in revolt and fight against the British.

He set up an army camp at Mesopotamia from where he established secret contacts with Indian nationalist leaders.

After the end of World war and Germany's defeat, Chempakaraman stayed back in Germany. When Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose visited Vienna in 1919, Chempakaraman met him and had intimate blue print dicussions on how to co-ordinate with Japan and USA  and explained his plan of action to him.

Pillai was the Foreign Minister of the Provisional Government of India set up in Afghanistan in December 1915, with Raja Mahendra Pratap of Kabul as President and Maulana Barkatulla as Prime Minister.

During the First World War, he is printed and dropped pamphlets from airplanes among the Indian soldiers in France, exhorting them to turn against the English.

Chempakaraman came up with an Eight Point proposal for Indian independence. His proposal demanded that the French and the Portuguese should also to leave the country.

However, the defeat of the Germans in the war shattered the hopes of the revolutionaries.. In 1919, he and American author Edwin Emerson established the League of the Oppressed People to fight for the right of every person to shape his own domestic institutions and determine their relations with others.

He would meet many famous people, including Gandhiji, Nehru, ACN Nambiar, Motilal Nehru, Jawaharlal Nehru, MN Roy, , Kaiser, Hindenberg, Hitler and party.  Chempakaraman launched Pro-India, a monthly published in German and English from Zurich, Switzerland, through which he highlighted the glorious past of India. 

Another institution founded by him at Berlin was the “Orient Club.”  Pillai worked under the assumed German East African name Abdullah Bin Manzur.

In the Pan German Nationalist party, he was the only black man  He had close working relationships with Kaiser Wilhelm , General Hindenberg and General Ludendorf.  

Pillai was then active in the German Fatherland Party.  In later years in Berlin, where he died, he remained one of the handful Indians in Germany.

Chempakaraman Pillai liased with another Malayali Aiyappan-Pillai Madhavan Nair (1905–1990), also known as Nair-san,with a Japanese wife , who was involved in the formation of INA with Rash Behari Bose.

Nairsan was sent to Japan by his elder brother to escape capture and imprisonment by the British.  He studied engineering in Japan at Kyoto University Japan.  

During the Second World War, Nair San joined the Indian Independence league in Japan under Rash Behari Bose.  Fluent in Japanese with a Jap wife, he was the personal Japanese translator for Netaji Subhash Chandra  Bose.

Pillai was the forerunner of Rash Behari Bose and Subhas Chandra Bose in organizing an Indian Army abroad to strike against the enemies at home.

Pillai was on the bridge of the German warship SS Emden when it arrived at Madras at 9.20pm on 22 September 1914, after dark.  --Probably Pillai embarkded at Quingdao , along with 3 Chinese laundrymen.



Under cover of the dark she got close into shore, and opened fire on her target, the oil storage tanks of the Burmah Oil Company. Five tanks were hit and burnt until all 425,000 gallons of oil had burnt away.  Pillai directed the Captain where to shoot as he knew Madras city layout-- after the blackout.  



Saala angrez ka ghar mein ghuske maara!



Some shells fell in the town of Madras. Alerted by the gunfire, the coastal defence batteries of Madras then opened fire on the Emden.  The raid on Madras had a massive impact on the morale and trade of British Raj. Madras city was virtually deserted as all ran away like rats , from gunfire range. 



The shipping lanes in the Bay of Bengal,  had to be closed , as SS Emden was a very successful raider, with a competent Captain Helmut Von Mueller. 72 British and Allied ships were after SS Emden.  


Lankan, Tamilian and Malayali mothers frightened their children to sleep, with the Emden bogeyman—like Gabbar Singh of Sholay-- soojaa beta nahin to Gabbar aa jayega!.

On the way out the ship stopped off Cochin and Pillai with a few German Officers went ashore to get some vital medical replenishments ( malaria ). 

They rowed ashore in a boat.  They had dinner in a Jew’s house and all ate food on banana leaves with their fingers on 24rd Sept 1914,  after which the ship went to Minicoy channel , to wait in ambush--where Emden would sink 6 British ships in 3 days..

The SS Emden log books do NOT indicate such a tryst at Cochin.  Probably Pillai got off Emden in one of the empty colliers , or with Allied prisoners. 

But the as a Captain for 3 decades, I can tell you that “French leave” is never entered in ship's log books . This happens as per the Captains discretion, and it is always against the written rules.

When I had Koyibu Minicoy crew, I have ALWAYS stopped my ship for 4 hours off Minicoy for my crew’s family and friends to board the ship. 

Koyibu crew are the bravest and most loyal lascar sailors at sea.  They come in 4 or 5 huge boats, around a hundred , including women and children, outside port limits and territorial waters . I make sure Biriyani is made for all and Kishore Kumar and Rafi songs are blasted on the main deck loudspeakers.  

This stoppage which is “off hire” and can cost thousands of US Dollars if entered in the charterers voyage abstract and log books.  

No, this is NOT my own idea, this was a unwritten traditions to fire up the crew morale—started by the British 2 centuries ago.   The ship is given lot of presents like fresh shrimps, crab, tuna, coconuts etc.

Hot tempered Pillai raised his voice against some content derogatory to Indians in the book Mein Kamph written by Adolf Hitler that Indians were still incapable of ruling themselves. 

He demanded a written apology from Hitler, with a deadline of 10th Dec 1931. The deadline got the Germans pissed off.  They pasted him, confiscated his property , and that was the cause of his premature death on 26th May 1934, as per his Manipuri wife..

Hitler had asked  Subhash Chandra Bose—what type of cowardly Indians are you that millions of you cant throw out a few thousand British. 

Yes, Hilter was right. 

We Indians , barring a few , did not have the fu#ckin' ba##s, or have any character.  

We allowed invaders to sh#t on our faces.  We have adopted the religions and culture of the invaders gleefully. 

Today these people cheer for Britain and Pakistan in a cricket match. They yearn to go to Saudi Arabia and Italy.

Pillai  knew he would die and his last wish was that his ashes be carried to his homeland, and his wife fulfilled this thirty-three years after his death. 

Nehru and Gandhiji, did NOT allow his ashes to be brought back.  

The Indian Navy's warship, I.N.S. Delhi, flying the flag of Free India, brought Pillai's ashes to Cochin on September 16, 1966.  The ashes were scattered as per his wish in Kerala river Karamana .. 




 In 1972 before Pillai’s wife Lakshmibai's death, the Bombay Police visited her flat and took away 17 boxes containing her husband's papers…




I will write a separate post on one of the most honorable Captains at sea—the Captain of SS Emden.. 

Punch into Google search--
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMEN, KARL VON MULLER , CAPTAIN OF SMS EMDEN AJIT VADAKAYIL

  
Find out the meaning of human spirit.  It is NOT dead yet , even in India.

This is the stuff legends are made of.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
ANIMAL FARM BY GEORGE ORWELL , A NEW PERSPECTIVE – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




THE DANCE OF THE LAMBS, ANIMAL FARM BY GEORGE ORWELL – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Animal Farm has never been analysed and understood.  Probably people with intelligence and blessed with perception, were indifferent.

I must explain here as in my previous post IS RAHUL GANDHI FIT TO BE INDIA’S  PRIME MINISTER- VADAKAYIL, I have mentioned a dance of the lambs , “ four legs good, two legs better”

Lenin’s Jewish roots was a state secret, but was finally revealed by declassified KGB files and put on display in Moscow’s State Historical Museum only in 2011. I knew about this 20 years ago from my Russian Cheif Officer , whose father was in KGB. Lenin spoke Yiddish as well as other languages, married Nadezhda Konstantinovna Krupskaya who is a Jewish woman. Stalin's two wives were Jewish and so was his mistress.

German Karl Marx was found to be a very close relative of German Jew Rothschild, who owned the British East India Company and ruled India. He grew Opium in India and sold it in China. He was also involved in the black slave labour of USA on the quiet—in as much as there was NO slave auction on Jewish holidays.  Anti-capitalist, Karl Marx, never spoke a negative word about the Jewish banking dynasty, the Rothschilds, the richest of the world’s capitalist financiers, war profiteers and exploiters of the working class.

Stalin were also found to be a Khazar Jew ( Georgia area )  in the Internet age.. All Israeli leaders are Khazar Jews form the Georgia area.  Stalin was surrounded by Jews throughout the entirety of his brutal reign, with the ferocious Jew Lazar Kaganovich at his right hand.  Stalin married Jew Rosa Kaganovich, the sister of Lazar.  We were told through the traditional propaganda machine that Stalin hated Jews, and yet he killed more Christians with no evidence of having killed Jews/khazars.  

In the night of July 16-17, 1918, a squad of Bolshevik secret police murdered Russia's last emperor, Tsar Nicholas II, along with his wife, Tsaritsa Alexandra, their 14-year-old son, Tsarevich Alexis, and their four daughters. They were cut down in a hail of gunfire in a half-cellar room of the house in Ekaterinburg, a city in the Ural mountain region, where they were being held prisoner.

The daughters were finished off with bayonets. To prevent a cult for the dead Tsar, the bodies were carted away to the countryside and hastily buried in a secret grave.  The Rothschilds had a multi-generational feud with the Czars of Russia, the only royalty who would not cooperate with the Rothschilds. Thus the Bolsheviks ended the feud in 1918 by butchering Czar Nicholas II, his wife, his son and his four daughters.

Today Rothschilds run the Bilderberg club—and they select US presidents.

Two European monarchs had lost their lives as a consequence of revolutionary upheaval: England's Charles I was beheaded in 1649, and France's Louis XVI was guillotined in 1793.

In these cases, the king was put to death after a lengthy public trial, during which he was allowed to present arguments in his defense. Nicholas II, though, was neither charged nor tried. He was secretly put to death - along with his family and staff -- in the dead of night, in an act that resembled more a gangster-style massacre than a formal execution.

After coming to power, Jew Trotsky became Lenin’s right-hand man. It was actually Trotsky who ruled Russia during Lenin’s illness. He mercilessly caused the people suffering of a magnitude the world had never seen before.

Above, Leon Trotsky, was the the second most important man after Lenin. As leader of the Red Army, he led all of Russia into a bloody civil war. This cruel man's real name was Leiba Bronstein. The Bolsheviks undertook to exterminate those who did not want to adopt Communism.

Tens of thousands were executed without a trial. Many opponents of the regime were sent to concentration camps, collectively called the "Gulag," where prisoners were worked almost to death under very harsh conditions. Many never left these camps alive. In the period from 1918 to 1922, they murdered millions of workers and villagers who had opposed the regime.

Lenin and Trotsky’s“Red Terror” crusade against Gentiles was carried out by the most ruthless, savage and feared secret police agency ever to exist — the Cheka (later known as the NKVD, OGPU and KGB). The word “Cheka” is not simply an acronym in Russian for “Special Commission for Fighting Counter-Revolution.” 

According to Brother Nathanael Kapner (a former Jew who converted to Christianity and is now an outspoken critic of Jewry) “Cheka” is a play on the Hebrew expression for animal slaughter, “Shechita“. Jews made up 80% of the rank-and-file officers of the Cheka.

This changes the whole ball game—

NOW WE HAVE TO INTERPRET AND REVIEW GEORGE ORWELL’S PRICELESS NOVEL “ANIMAL FARM” IN NEW LIGHT.  

EVERY INDIAN COMMUNIST IN KERALA ND BENGAL MUST READ THIS POST.  THEY MUST READ HISTORY WRITTEN BY PERCEPTIVE PEOPLE.

To poor Jews throughout Europe, Nathan Rothschild’s extraordinary rise to riches had an almost mystical significance—hence the legend of the “Hebrew talisman,” the magical source of his good luck, which became associated with him in Jewish lore.  Because of their wealth, other Jews looked to them for leadership in their pursuit of equal civil and political rights. As we shall see, this leadership was forthcoming from a remarkably early stage…acquiring quasi-royal status in the eyes of other Jews.

The Rothschild govern a Christian world. Not a cabinet moves without their advice. They stretch their hand, with equal ease, from Petersburgh to Vienna, from Vienna to Paris, from Paris to London, from London to Washington. Baron Rothschild, the head of the house, is the true king of Judah, the prince of the captivity, the Messiah so long looked for by this extraordinary people. He holds the keys of peace or war, blessing or cursing.

Nathan Rothschild’s wealth is Tipu Sultan’s gold, which he took away from India using his Hessian soldiers in 1799— all plundered from the Kerala temples , the fruit of 6 millineums of spice trade. I am from Kerala.

The so-called “Russian Revolution” of 1917 was not a Russian phenomenon at all, but rather a well-organized and executed Jewish coup d’etat. The first communist-led upheaval of 1905 was also the work of plotting Jewish agitators and radicals. These are well established facts, not spurious claims as the Jews would have you believe.

In 1919, the US Senate held a subcommittee inquiry into “Bolshevik propaganda”. An American teacher named R. B. Dennis who had worked as a teacher in Russia during the revolution said that the Bolshevik leaders were all “Russian Hebrews” who had previously lived in America “anywhere from 3 to 12 years.”. In Russia it is well known that 65% of the Bolshevik leaders are Jewish.

Shortly after the Bolshevik Revolution, the U.S. ambassador in Russia sent a dispatch to Washington confirming that most of the Bolshevik leaders were Jews who had been previously exiled for revolutionary activities: “The Bolshevik leaders here, most of whom are Jews and 90 percent of whom are returned exiles, care little for Russia or any other country but are internationalists and they are trying to start a worldwide social revolution.”

“A lie told often enough becomes the truth.” Jewish propagandists under Jew Trotsky have duped the world into believing that German Nazi leaders Joseph Goebbels and Adolf Hitler invented and utilized the “big lie” technique. Russia's concentration camps and slave labor system were "staffed in its upper echelons by Jewish Communists."

Here we go--

Mr Jones of Manor Farm is so lazy and drunken that one days he forgets to feed his overworked and underfed livestock. The ensuing rebellion under the leadership of pigs Napoleon and Snowball leads to the animals taking over the farm.

Vowing to eliminate the terrible inequities of the farmyard, the renamed Animal Farm is organised to benefit all who walk on four legs. But as time passes, the ideals of the rebellion are corrupted, then forgotten. And something new and unexpected emerges…

It requires intelligence and perception to understand the political statement that Orwell was trying to make with his “fairy tale”.

You must figure out the subtle link between Animal Farm and the Russian Revolution..

Only then the book will make you drool.

In his era Orwell had amazing insight into communist regimes. Orwell wrote Animal Farm at a time where the truth was hardly known of the true Jewish regime in Russia.   In my opinion this man must be given a Nobel Prize, but alas Nobel prizes are controlled by Jews.


For the un-initiated , Eric Arthur Blair (25 June 1903 – 21 January 1950) better known by his pen name George Orwell, was an English novelist and journalist. His work is marked by crystal clear clarity, amazing intelligence and subtle wit, awareness of social injustice, opposition to totalitarianism, and belief in democratic socialism.

Orwell is a gifted man – folks who read 1984 will tell you.

Probably Snowball was deported to the Gulag. Orwell has left many a thought to the reader.

The hypocrisy of the regime, with the changing of the commandments to fool the gullible masses as and when it suited the pigs, was indeed Orwell’s priceless statement .Those in authority will nearly always exploit things to meet their own ends.

FOUR LEGS GOOD TWO LEGS BAD

FOUR LEGS GOOD TWO LEGS BETTER.

Animal Farm is a MUST for every budding politician.

ENJOY!

Watch the video below now. You will NOT regret it. This will be the greatest lesson you ever had. Such was the brilliance a George Orwell. 

MAKE SURE YOU TURN ON THE ENGLISH SUBTITLES ( CAPTIONS ) 

 


Communism was supposed to be a utopian solution for the imperfect world we live in, where some are more equal that the others.

But what they did NOT think of is that even a baby girl will take care of her OWN doll.  She wont take care of her neighbour’s doll.

Communism also requires that all means of production be controlled by the big brother state.  In other words, no one can own his or her own business or produce his or her own goods because the state owns everything.

Communism is the idea that everyone in a given society receives equal shares of the benefits derived from labor. Communism is designed to allow the poor to rise up and attain financial and social status equal to that of the middle-class landowners.

In order for everyone to achieve equality, wealth is redistributed so that the members of the upper class are brought down to the same financial and social level as the middle class.  Just distribute the manure all over the field, don’t let is accumulate in one place— shallow thinking indeed.

They did NOT realize that this could mean pulling down people into the keechad.





In the novel Animal farm, Snowball is chased out of the farm by Napoleon’s vicious guard dogs.  Afetr that Napoleon blames his erstwhile colleague and hatchet man Snowball for all the problems on the farm,  and he alludes that Snowball was a Jones stooge .

Snowball had fought bravely at the Battle of Cowshed. Now all are brainwashed into believing that he was a double agent , actually fighting for  Jones and the shot wounds he sustained are made out to be wounds Napoleon inflicted on him. Those accused of supporting Snowball are purged and executed after being forced to confess , and a reward is offered for Snowball’s capture.

Napoleon takes nine puppies from their parents and begins raising them himself with ulterior motives.  No one knows exactly what he is doing until the dogs suddenly appear,  fully grown, to chase Snowball off the farm.  



After Snowball is exiled, Napoleon is in complete dictatorial control of the farm—no more charades.  He speaks relatively little because he has Squealer do all his speaking for him.  He eliminates all chance of open protest when he bans public meetings,  saying that it is better if things are decided by committees, which will be presided over by Napoleon himself.  In general his public image is very tightly controlled.



Later Napoleon rarely appeared in public, but spent all his time as the unseen monarch in the farmhouse, which was guarded at each door by fierce-looking dogs.  When he did emerge, it was in a pompous ceremonial manner, with an escort of six dogs who closely surrounded him and growled viciously if anyone ventured too close.

Napoleon protects himself on all fronts and loopholes.  With the help of Squealer and the other pigs, he re-writes history,  turning Snowball into a villain, and increasing his own zilch role in the Rebellion.  He relies on the gullibility of the strongest animals, like Boxer the horse, and the apathy of the wisest, like Benjamin the donkey. When anyone questions Napoleon's cooked up version of history,  he has a herd of sheep chant loudly over their protests, drowing it out.



Napoleon is STALIN.  Joseph Stalin, was the General Secretary of the Communist Party from 1922 until his death more than 30 years later.  Like Napoleon, Stalin was a master of manipulation and a spin doctor of the highest pedigree. He could pull strings from behind the scenes. 



He grew a secret police force, the NKVD (later the KGB), which behaved like Napoleon's dogs, ultimately proving its effectiveness by assassinating Leo Trotsky,  Snowball’s double and one of Stalin’s chief rivals.  On 20 August 1940, Trotsky was attacked in his exile home in Mexico with an ice axe by undercover NKVD agent Ramón Mercader.

Jew Stalin kept tight control over the Rothschild media , commissioning paintings of himself in which children gazed up at him adoringly.  He used his political power to essentially re-write Russian history, giving himself a much larger role in the Revolution of 1917 than he had actually played, and later suggesting that he was solely and personally responsible for winning World War II.



Like how Stalin using his secret police force to ensure his own vice grip on power, Napoleon uses his attack dogs to get rid of every opposition by force. At the same time that he quiets dissent and manufactures his public image through Squealer and the bleating sheep.  One of the biggest parallels between Napoleon and 

Stalin has to do with the way Animal Farm’s productivity slumps off while Napoleon is in control.  He decides to fill the granaries with sand to hide the smaller harvest.  This episode is an allusion to how Stalin disrupted agricultural production with his Five-Year-Plans (begun in 1928). When the Plans resulted in widespread famine across Russia, Stalin did his best to conceal coverage of the famines and to make it look like Russia was doing as well as before.

Napoleon’s was cunning and shrewd.  Animal Farm is a machine that runs according to Napoleon’s iron will.
We get hints of Napoleon’s ruthless Stalin type nature long before it erupts into full force. The first comes when he unleashes the dogs on Snowball, and they chase him out of the farm. The second comes when Napoleon squashes the hen rebellion by cutting off their food rations, causing a number of hens to die of starvation. But nothing measures up to what he does next.



Napoleon begins to demand that various animals come forward and make false confessions before the group.  He gets rid of anyone that had the power and means to contradict him, and after they reveal themselves as traitors, “the dogs promptly tore their throats out” . In this way, 



Napoleon knocks off the four pigs who sometimes agreed to disagree with him, and the hens who acted as ringleaders in the rebellion.

Quote” And so the tale of confessions and executions went on, until there was a pile of corpses lying before Napoleon’s feet and the air was heavy with the smell of blood, which had been unknown there since the time of Jones “ Unquote.

The violence that erupts mid-way through Orwell’s "Fairy Tale," is an allusion to the Great Purge, also known as the Great Red Terror, which was overseen by Stalin in the late 1930s. Pig Napoleon’s methods mirror Stalin’s own quite closely. 

Some people would just disappear; others were sent to the Gulag prison camps; others were arm twisted ( by kidnapping their children ) to discredit themselves publicly by confessing to crimes they had never committed.  All of these extreme methods were ways for Stalin to consolidate his power, to make sure that his position was unshakeable.



What is so diabolical about Napoleon’s method is that he forces such animals to tell lies about themselves before they die.  And dead men nay animals tell no tales. By robbing their right to free speech, he forces the animals to essentially kill any public respect or self respect they might have had.

Both Napoleon and Stalin were dictators.  Fuelled and driven by paranoia  cum sheer love for violence.

To make sure all of this floats with the other animals, Napoleon cleverly keeps doctoring the Commandments to make them say what he wants them to say.  Squealer explains that the commandment didn’t say that you couldn’t sleep in a bed, only that you couldn’t sleep in a bed with sheets.  Similarly, the commandment forbidding alcohol later forbids drinking alcohol to excess.  



Meanwhile, Napoleon denounces all the grand social dreams that gave birth to the idea of Animal Farm.  He tells the other animals: “the truest happiness lay in working hard and living frugally” . In other words, Napoleon has taken the idea of prosperous living and kept it all for himself.  Everyone else is out on their own.

It’s clear that Napoleon has made a mockery of Old Major’s ideas in the same way that Stalin made a mockery of Karl Marx’s ideas. The "worker's state" that actually existed under Stalin was more like a horrible, dark parody of what Marx thought a communist state would be. 

In fact, it looked a whole lot like fascism  (theoretically the opposite of communism).  What Orwell seems to be saying with Napoleon the pig is this: "Hey Marx, didn’t you notice how the French Revolution ended?"



In short Orwell seems to be arguing that delusional idealist thinkers, totally out of touch with reality can imagine fantastic utopias,  but there’s always gonna to be some dirty fu#kin' pig that comes along to put a spanner in the works.  



In 1799, the pig was named Napoleon. 


In 1922,  the pig was named Stalin.


Sometimes animals who use cellular memory, are more perceptive than human beings.



Be all that you can be!




Grace and peace!
Here is a lofty 7000 year old  Vedic chant, when the rest of the world were doing grunt grunt!


I am not the mind, intellect, thought, ego, or a supreme being.
I myself am﻿ the joy of pure consciousness I am Shiva (divinity).
********************************************************************
AN OFFICER AND A GENTLEMEN, KARL VON MULLER , CAPTAIN OF SMS EMDEN--- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE NOBLE AND HONOURABLE  KARL VON  MULLER , CAPTAIN OF SMS EMDEN --- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






First play the video above-- to get the feel about what follows-- this is a story which beats PAPILLON by miles.

This is a true story. 

Leave the music of the video running, as you read this long post.



This is the amazing heart warming story of a German naval ship Captain of SMS.Emden, Capt Karl Von Muller, the greatest wartime sea Captain EVER, renowned for his daring valor and chivalry to the losers, during the First World War.. 



Probably the Captain of the German ship Graf Spee, Capt Hans Wilhelm Langsdorff , of the Second World War, will come a close second.

These honorable and resourceful men knew the meaning of "bravery without brutality".

All the while surviving on coal and provisions seized from enemy ships, the Emden delayed troop movements, sank two warships, held up twenty-one British merchantmen, sending sixteen to the bottom, abducted four colliers, shelled Madras, causing a huge oil fire, and made a daring hit-and-run raid on Penang.

Capt Müller's valor and noble spirit  was instantly recognized not only in Germany and among neutral nations but also by the British themselves, who regarded him as the quintessence of "the gallant enemy." His ship swiftly turned into a legend whose aura was enhanced by the courtesy and fortitude of its crew to those they captured and by their skill in military piracy. 

When the Emden was finally over-whelmed by the insurmountable odds against her, the whole world including allied newspaper and media expressed relief that gallant Capt Müller had survived!

This is in stark contrast to the evil soldiers of the post world wars, who kill thousands of children from a safe distance, so that they can have "their way of life".

These are the type of people the victors of these world wars have painted black. History will be re-written in this Internet age. It is the right of the world citizen to know the truth.

The flames of the First World War was fanned by Winston Churchill ( whose mother Jennie Jerome ) belonged to the Jewish Rothschild family-- hell bent on creating a state of Israel in Palestine.

Let me start from the beginning--

SMS Emden , the most feared ship on this planet, could hold 400 sailors , and had a length of 118 metres with a top speed of 23 knots ( about 43 kms/ hr ) .  She was the last German cruiser to use reciprocating engines, with steam .  Emden's twelve boilers were heated by burning coal. 

The Emden raided Allied shipping in the Indian Ocean early in the war, sinking or capturing thirty Allied merchant vessels and warships.

 Emden left Kiel on 12 April 1910, transited the Kiel Canal, and entered the open sea.  She was not destined  to see fatherland Germany ever again. She acquired the nickname "Swan of the East" because of her graceful lines.

In May 1913, Emden received her last commanding officer, Korvettenkapitän Karl von Müller-- a quiet and enigmatic soul.  The grace and chivalry of Captain von Müller during his command would earn him the respect of both friend and foe.

Capt Muller monitored the radio daily. On 29 June 1914, word came that Archduke Ferdinand of Austria had been assassinated by a Serbian. He was perceptive enough to feel that  a major world war was brewing, with Churchill as the First Lord of British Admiralty working as a  Rothschild stooge. 

So, when news came from Europe that WW1 was imminent, he, did not want to be boxed up in harbor , and immediately took capacity bunkers of coal. He was determined not to let history repeat itself.  




He slipped out of  Tsingtao on 31 July 1914 and was at sea , as soon as news of the beginning of World War I was received on 2 August 1914.

On 4 August, the lookout of Emden spotted a merchant vessel's stern running light. After twelve shots across her bow, the Russian vessel Rjasan stopped for the Emden's search party. Capt Muller was told that there were a lot of frightened female Indian Hindu passengers aboard. Chivalry forced him to return back to Tsingtao escorting the Russian ship.



Captain von Muller, revealed a daring plan to the German Admiral Von Spee, to leave one light cruiser in the Far East to prey on the enemy's commerce, and so divert attention from Spee's escaping fleet.
Captain von Muller himself would take the Emden into the Indian Ocean to maintain German presence, and do his bit to add glory of the Fatherland.

Taking along the collier Markomannia "with a full load of first-class coal," the Emden detached from the fleet on 14 August 1914.  In 1914, the Indian Ocean was frequently referred to as a "British lake" because of British domination of the surrounding ports .

Capt Müller built a dummy fourth smokestack on the ship’s superstructure to resemble the British cruiser HMS Yarmouth. 




On 28 August 1914, Emden then slipped through the narrow strait between Bali and Lombok into the Indian Ocean, her collier several miles astern in her wake.

On 10 September, the Emden began to prey upon the hundreds of unescorted British and Allied merchant ships. Most of the captured British ships were quickly sunk, either by fire from Emden's guns or by placing explosive charges deep in their hulls. Captain Müller was always gentlemanly to the captains and passengers of the ships he captured, and he made certain that every captured British sailor was treated well and kept safe.

The British Admiralty did not learn of the Emden's presence until 14 September, at which time it stopped all British shipping on the Colombo-Singapore route. This caused panic among the British and Allied shipping offices in the Indian Ocean. Insurance rates for merchant ships skyrocketed, shipping companies could not afford to leave harbour. It was a source of much embarrassment to the British and other Allies that a single German cruiser could effectively shut down the entire Indian Ocean.

Several warships from the British Australian and Far East squadrons, as well as a few French, Japanese and Russian cruisers, were dispatched to hunt down the Emden, but von Müller eluded them all.  Some captains of British merchant ships, seeing the Emden approach, would salute her, mistaking her for the Yarmouth. 

Instead, the Emden would fire a shot over the bow, hoist the German naval ensign, and signal "stop at once – do not wireless." And even if the enemy Captain did wireless, disregarding express orders to the contrary, Capt Muller did NOT allow retribution.

On the night of 22 September 1914, SMS Emden quietly approached the city of Madras.  There was some Hindu festival going on , as the lights were bright.




After entering the Madras harbor area and observing for a moment with his searchlights,( taking help from an Indian doctor Chempakaraman Pillai on board.)--




Müller gave the order to engage at 9:30 pm, Emden opened fire at 3000 yards on the several large oil tanks within the harbor which belonged to the Burmah Oil Company. 



Within the first 30 rounds, the oil tanks were in flames. 





The action lasted half an hour, until 10:00 pm, by which time the British shore batteries had begun to respond. 




However, Emden slipped away unscathed. In all, 125 shells were fired by the Germans., it was a severe blow to British morale and thousands of people fled the city. 




Madras was the only Indian city to come under attack by forces of the axis Powers during World War .



Emden then sailed south coasting the east coast of Ceylon. He took in some meat and fresh provisions for his crew off Trincomalee .

Müller then steered towards Minicoy in the Laccadive Islands, where, between 25 and 29 September 1914, he sank six more Allied ships.   HMS Hampshire and the Chikuma, of the Imperial Japanese Navy were frantically searching for Emden in the Laccadive Sea.  They were, however, unsuccessful, as their elusive prey had, by the time they arrived, slipped away to the Maldives.

Capt Muller to the ship to Diego Garcia and dropped the anchor on 5 October. He then spent the next ten days having the ship's keel cleaned off barnacles which was reducing the speed and causing excess coal consumption. He gave his crew some morale boosting shore leave. 

He overhauled his guns and machinery and got ready for further action. Emden went back to Laccadive Sea area around Minicoy, and bagged ten Allied ships. The world Allied shipping was again suspended. 72 allied Naval ships were pressed into action to deal with one single raider ship,  by a fuming Churchill.

On October 18, Müller stopped the Blue Funnel steamer Troilus on its maiden voyage from China to Rotterdam with a cargo of rubber, copper, and tin. Troilus proved to be the raider's most valuable prize, but Emden now carried so many prisoners that when it captured yet another British freighter, St. Egbert. Capt Müller chose not to destroy it but to use it as a means of getting rid of his prisoners.

In the morning of 21 October 1914, Emden set course for the Nicobar Islands, where he coaled for greater strike range.

Off Ceylon, Emden again found good hunting.  In the last days of September the raider captured six prizes, including a collier, Buresk, filled with high-quality Welsh coal.  The crew of Buresk would scuttle their own ship, later.

From the Nicobars, Captain Müller set sail for the British port of Penang in British Malaya. On the morning of 28 October 1914, Emden entered the harbour at top speed, still disguised as a British cruiser with the fake fourth smokestack. 

During what became known as the Battle of Penang, she raised the German flag once inside the harbour and launched a torpedo at the Zhemchug, a veteran of the Battle of Tsushima, followed by a salvo of shells which riddled the Russian ship. 

A second torpedo, fired as the Emden turned to leave, penetrated the forward magazine, causing an explosion that sank the ship.  The captain of the Zhemchug Baron Cherkassov was ashore at the Eastern and Oriental Hotel, Georgetown,  having a tete e tete with his mistress during the attack.  

The poor Captain got a bird's eye view of the whole fireworks from his hotel balcony and with a sinking heart. What could be worse for a ship Captain?   He was subsequently demoted , stripped off his nobility and imprisoned for 3.5 years.  






They keys of the magazine were ashore taken by an Officer to a bordello for safekeeping . A party of sixty Chinese prostitutes were on aboard at the time of the attack and the crew were busy doing jigi-jigi ! .  

The toll?  89 killed 143 wounded.



As quickly as Emden had arrived, she turned around and made good her escape. The French destroyer Mousquet chased Emden. Once out to sea, the Emden turned on the lone French destroyer and opened fire,  quickly sinking her. Her sister ships, Pistolet and Fronde were in hot pursuit too , but soon lost contact.  

Thirty-six French survivors from Mousquet were rescued by Emden, and when three died of their injuries, they were buried at sea with full honours. Two days later, the remaining Frenchmen were transferred to a British steamer, Newburn, which had been stopped by the German ship, but not attacked, so as to enable them to be transported to Sabang, Sumatra, in the neutral Dutch East Indies. The French sailors were safely ashore the following day, the grateful British captain  mailed a thank you letter to Captain Müller.

In this period, Emden was arguably the most hunted ship in the world, and yet Müller managed to elude the combined efforts of highly capable battleships , the Japanese cruisers Yahaghi and Chikuma, the Russian Askold and the British Hampshire and Yarmouth HMS Gloucester, HMS Weymouth,RMS Empress of Russia and SS Empress of Australia.

Germans treated them with courtesy. The master of one prize told newsmen: "The German officers were very polite. I may say extraordinarily polite. Before we left…for Colombo, they all wished us a pleasant journey."

Captain von Müller now took his ship through the Sunda Strait towards the Cocos Islands, where he planned to destroy the Eastern Telegraph Company wireless station at Direction Island, thereby crippling Allied communication in the Indian Ocean.  This station was co-ordinating the attack on his ship, using sighting reports .

From there he aimed to make for Socotra and raid Allied merchant shipping on the Bombay-Aden route. However, this was not to be.

72 Allied warships were frantically combing the Indian Ocean in the search for the Emden . Emden had sunk or captured 30 Allied ships, and totally disrupted Allied shipping in the Indian Ocean over a period of three months.

In London the first lord of the Admiralty, Winston Churchill, frothed from his mouth, got roaring drunk with an inserted Opium suppository for good measure,  and  fired off a passionate memo "The escape of the Emden from the Bay of Bengal is most unsatisfactory, and I do not understand on what principle the operations of the four cruisers Hampshire, Yarmouth, Dupleix and Chikuma have been concerted….Who is the senior captain of these four ships? Is he a good man? If so, he should be told to hoist a commodore's broad pennant and take command of the squadron which…should devote itself exclusively to hunting the Emden."



She reached Direction Island on 9 November 1914.  Müller decided to send a landing party ashore under First Lieutenant Helmuth von Mücke to destroy the station's radio tower and equipment. Fifty seamen with rifles and machine guns were sent ashore. The British civilians, aware of the gallant conduct of the Emden's captain and crew, did not resist. 

The Emden's landing party even agreed not to knock the radio tower down over the island's tennis court.  But in the extra time spent to facilitate this request , they double crossed the Germans and shot off a ham message . It was too late , and personal retribution was not the Emden style.

The Australian light cruiser HMAS Sydney, was dispatched to reach Direction Island at 9 th Nov 1919 at 0630 hours   from an Australian troop convoy en route to Colombo. Being a mere 55 miles north of the Island, she arrived there in about two hours.

Shortly after 9 a.m., the lookout of Emden reported a ship to the north. They recognized the four funnels, and the Germans knew they were in trouble.

Müller signaled frantically for the shore party to return. When it was slow to respond, the raider cast of the collier Buresk, raised anchor and steamed out of the harbor at about 9:30 AM to engage the Australian cruiser.

The larger and stronger armoured Australian light cruiser, HMAS Sydney was commanded by Captain John Glossop. Sydney had longer range and better guns and could do 3 knots more than Emden. Emden could neither outfight its opponent nor escape. Capt Muller realised that he was out-gunned and that he did not have the option to flee. 

His only hope of survival lay in getting close enough to the enemy to mount a torpedo attack. Captain von Muller's tactic of approaching the Sydney at full speed and firing everything he had at her, until he was close enough to launch torpedoos, was to no avail. Captain Glossop used his ship's superior speed to hold off from the Emden and let his gunners do their work.

The fight went on for nearly an hour and a half.,  Emden herself suffered serious damage, being struck over 100 times by shells from Sydney. Emden's main gunners were ashore on the island. 

The ventilation blowers were knocked out, along with the steering gear and the bridge telegraph. Capt Muller still tried his best to manoevere by using his twin screws. The guns could not get ammunition.



Captain von Muller, unable to bring his torpedoes to bear, his ship a veritable slaughter-house, and his guns impotent, forced himself to order the ship run aground on be closest reef off North Keeling Island so that the wounded might live without drowning. 

 

The Emden was now incapable of fighting, and lay a helpless wreck on a coral reef, heavily listed to port , at 1115 AM on 9th Nov 1914..

 

At this point, Sydney left the scene to pursue the collier Buresk , which had just cast off from Emden while bunkering at anchor.

The Germans aboard the Buresk stared in consternation at the charging Sydney, and at the smoking, fireblackened hulk that had once been the silvery Emden.  They could cheat the British out of the pleasure of recovering a war prize.  

Thus, even as the British ordered them to surrender, they were busy scuttling the Buresk. The small arms were thrown overboard, the secret papers burnt, and the wireless station destroyed. 

Meanwhile two boats were cleared and provisioned for the the remaining crew in case the Sydney showed her mean ness and  refused to take the Buresk's crew aboard her. Thus, Capt Glossep found himself with a few mangy lifeboats in tow instead of a war prize.  This took away some of his glow, and it was said that he cursed and swore on the bridhe , at the Germans for their trick .  

He could NOT fire as the Buresk communicated that they had British cooks on board. Churchill got roaring drunk again with a Opium suppository up inside, and ordered that no mercy shall be given to Emden.

Returning at 1630 hours to the beached cruiser, Sydney's commander, Captain John Glossop, in a most disgraceful and foul manner , re-opened fire, taking out all his personal pent up frustrations on Capt Muller.

This type of mean Kangaroo down under retribution style ( raping the dead and wounded ) would be repeated again in the Second World War.   Punch into Google search NO GLORY AND HONOUR , SINKING OF BISMARK- VADAKAYIL.

Yes, this is true. Till now you have been reading victors version of history and kangaroo court verdicts,  right? Punch into Google search RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN- VADAKAYIL.

Fires and dead men were everywhere, and the crackle of the devouring flames was only-matched by the anguished cries of the bloodied wounded, the maimed with bones protruding , and the dying.  The decks were awash with blood.

Capt Glossop did NOT allow his conscience to overtake his criminal DNA and  mean nature, as he ordered salvo after salvo on to the totally disabled and listed Emden at 4 PM.   2/3 of Emden was lying on the reef, and there was no way she could shoot back.   

As salvo after salvo hit, the firmly grounded Emden was reduced to a blitzed and twisted mass of blazing metal .

Sydney had always shot at Emden from " beyond Emden guns range " -- even if Emden wanted to shoot back there was NO way this could be done.   Only a torpedo from Emden meant any danger to Sydney, and this could NOT be done in this grounded position , as was obvious to even a child.




Finally, as an Aussie sailor on Sydney noted later "The mutilation of the dead and splattered blood and bone fragments was beyond belief."

War criminal Capt Glossop's own men on Sydney were glaring at him accusingly, at this ( Churchill initiated ) heinous war crime with white faces.  

Some young sailors were crying .

Capt Von Muller noted that he did NOT have a flag mast , as the area was burning, and quickly arranged a white hospital bedsheet to flutter.

Sydney then instead of attending to the wounded on Emden as per seagoing traditions and code of conduct in war, steamed to Direction Island to check out the wireless equipment. What a disgrace.

He then decided to lay off and approach Emden the next afternoon at 1300 hrs on 10 th Oct 1914.

Captain von Muller tried to organize the survivors into rescue parties so that the wounded could be brought up on deck for transfer to the island. In rough weather the breeched buoy broke. He gave permission to everyone on deck to swim to the island. During that night Surgeon Schwabe, who had swum to land, succumbed to his wounds

After a disgraceful delay of 21 hours, where in wounded men on Emden either bled to death or developed gangrene,  the Aussie Captain and crew of Sydney after a hearty breakfast and lunch came back and sent two boats with an officer to the Emden with the information that the commander of the Sydney was ready to take aboard the survivors of the Emden's crew. 

At high water Emden was flooded to within two feet of the upper deck and waves were crashing on deck, washing away the diffusion from the caked red blood.

Glossop later said that he "felt like a murderer" for ordering the last salvoes, but had no choice under the circumstances. Even today the BULLSHIT history written by the victors state that Sydney went hunting for the Buresk, and then it was too dark to approach Emden with boats.

The Emden lost 134 killed and 65 severely wounded. The Sydney lost 4 killed and 12 wounded.
The boarding survivor Germans did not moan, nor whimper nor malinger.

Captain von Muller was the last to leave as was proper for the commanding officer of a defeated vessel. Meanwhile he made sure that the guns were made unserviceable by throwing overboard the breech-blocks and destroying the sights, the torpedo-director was thrown overboard, and all the secret papers that had not been already burnt were destroyed. He ordered fires to be drawn in all boilers, and all the engine and boiler rooms to be flooded.




Capt von Muller then resigned himself to waiting aboard the wreck until the Sydney returned. 

Historians Writer and Sellick record the extraordinary scene when von Muller, with a guard of honour, was piped aboard the Sydney:

Capt John CT Glossop greeted him on the gangway, shook his adversary's hand firmly, he would not meet Capt Muller’s steely eyes.  




In a gesture of conscience that made every onlooking eye moist, Capt Glossop suddenly put his arm around Capt von Muller's shoulder, and led him to his own cabin.  He proved that he was human and NOT an animal.


The surviving German crew, were transferred to the SS Empress of Russia and taken to Colombo


The Emden remained aground on North Keeling Island until 1960 when a Japanese scrap metal company salvaged the metal from the vessel. 





The remains have slipped back down the reef, where they now lie in 8 metres of water.



Today the remains of Emden has been declared an historic shipwreck.

A few years ago I touched the gun of Emden erected at the southeastern corner of Hyde Park in the city of Sydney--below . I guess it altered my DNA programming a bit.  A police officer looked on--he did NOT stop me.



On the 11th of November, after taking aboard the petty officers and men from North Keeling Island, the Sydney proceeded to Colombo. On the 15th the Sydney reached Colombo, where all the wounded were landed and placed in hospital, and all the other survivors of the Emden's crew were distributed among various steamers of the convoy, to be taken to Malta.

The island too has a juicy history.

In 1814, a Scottish merchant ship Captain named John Clunies-Ross stopped briefly at the islands on a trip to India. He laid claim to the island by nailing up a Union Jack and planning to return and settle on the islands with his family in the future.

However, a playboy Englishman named Alexander Hare had better plans. He hired a captain, coincidentally Clunies-Ross' own brother, to bring him and a harem of forty young attractive Malay women to the islands where he hoped to set up his own private harem . 

When Clunies-Ross returned two years later with his wife, children and mother-in-law in tow, and found Hare already ensconsed on the island and living with a private harem, a feud grew instantly between the two men.  Clunies-Ross' eight virile sailors, "began at once the invasion of the new kingdom to take possession of it, women and all".

After some time, Hare's women wanting some better quality and quantity in bed , began deserting him, and zoomed in on the young sailors, who needed no Viagra.  Heart broken , our man Hare left the island; he died in Bencoolen in 1834.  Hare , at your old age did you expect to chain the hearts of 40 young women?

This reminds me of a sailor's joke:
An old Captain who could NOT get a hop, decided to seek professional medical help.  The doctor examined him.  The wise doctor then sat down and rasped " When you want a hop, all you need is to drink a lot of rusty water, and then hang a magnet around your neck!"





Prize log of the Emden

Date (all 1914) /   Belligerent ship /     Tonnage/    Flag/    Cargo   /  Fate
4 August/         Rjasan/ Unknown/  Russian/  General   Taken to Tsing-Tau
10 September /Pontoporus/ 4,04/9   Greek/  Coal     Captured by HMS Yarmouth
10 September / Indus/   3,393/   British/ General          Sunk
11 September / Lovat/   6,10/2   British/ Ballast Sunk
12 September / Kabinga/           4,657/   Britis/h             Released 14 September
13 September  /Killin/   3,512/   British/ Coal     Sunk
13 September / Diplomat/         7,615/   British/ General            Sunk
12 September / Dandolo/                      Italian / General            Released
14 September / Trabboch/         4,014//   British/ Ballast Sunk
14 September  /Clan Matheson/            4,775/   British/ General            Sunk
18 September / Dovre/              Norwegian/                  Released
25 September  /King Lud/        3,650/   British/ Ballast Sunk
25 September  /Tymeric/           3,314/   British/ Sugar   Sunk
26 September  /Gryfevale/        4,437/   British/ General            Released
27 September  /Buresk/ 4,350/ British/ Scuttled after capture by HMAS Sydney
27 September / Riberra/            4,147/   British/ Ballast Sunk
27 September  /Foyle/   4,147/   British/ Ballast Sunk
27 September  /Djocja/              Dutch/  Empty Released
16 October     / Clan Gran/t      3,948/   British/ General            Sunk
16 October      /Benmohr/         4,806/   British/ General            Sunk
16 October      /Ponrabbel/        4,73/     British/ Dredger           Sunk
18 October      /Troilus/ 7,526/   British/ General            Sunk
18 October     / Fernando/ Poo              Spanish/                        Released
18 October     / St Egber/t         5,526/   British/ General            Sunk
19 October      /Exford/ 4,542/   British/ Coal  Captured by RMS Empress of Asia
19 October     / Chilkana/          5,146/   British/ General            Sunk
28 October     / Glenturret/                    British/ General            Released
28 October     / Russian cruiser Zhemchug/ 3,103/  Russian/ Sunk by Torpedo
28 October      /Mousquet/ 300/ French/ Destroyer/ Sunk by gunfire
30 October     / Newburn/ British/ Released with survivors from Mousquet
9 November   /Ayesha/ 97/ British/ Schooner/Used for escape – Sunk




When the news of the shameless and vicious assault on a helpless Emden reached the Aussie public, via the grapevive, it was suggested in all seriousness that Captain von Mueller should be given a public reception on his arrival in Australia, to atone !   

All wanted to have a glimpse of this gallant modern day Lochinvar kinght who had a code of honour for himself.  Was he not outstandingly scrupulous in his treatment of captured crews and passengers, and did he not take  great  pains at personal risk, to avoid civilian casualties ?. 

All remembered how this handsome man in smart uniform went back to Tsingtao with a ship of Indian ladies at great risk.  Emden’s  adventures won the admiration not only of their enemies,  but of the whole world.  He aroused the imagination of all genteel ladies. They were ready to swoon whole sale in his arms.

It is estimated that she inflicted four million pounds' worth of damage to British trade. Yet there was throughout the Empire an admiration for the Emden and Capt Von Muller. 

Her commander, Captain Karl von Muller, combined cunning with audacity to a remarkable degree; the odds against him were tremendous, and he invariably treated the passengers and crews of captured merchantmen with the greatest possible respect and courtesy. 

Emden's greatest impact may have been psychological.  Emden's strict adherence to the laws of war stood in marked contrast, to the rest of WW1

Müller had the Iron Cross First Class bestowed upon him by Kaiser Wilhelm II.  


In fact, every officer serving on the Emden was awarded the Iron Cross First Class and 50 crewmen were given the Iron Cross Second Class. 



As men to suffix the word 'Emden' to their names (an inheritable honour); the honour is remembered to this day in the form of the numerous 'X-Emdens' amongst German citizens still extant.




As Kaiser Wilhelm II also awarded the Iron Cross to the ship herself (the 'great'.) 

Ever heard of a ship winning a medal? 




On October 8, 1916, Müller was separated from the rest of the Emden crew prisoners and taken to England where he was interned at a prisoner of war camp for German officers located at the Midlands Agricultural and Dairy College (now the Sutton Bonington Campus of the University of Nottingham)

In 1917 he led an escape of 21 prisoners through an underground tunnel, but was recaptured. From a corner of a hut inside the POW camp at Sutton Bonington, located in what today is the campus of the University of Nottingham agricultural science college, the prisoners had dug a shaft about four feet deep and then tunneled more than 120 feet under the electrified barbed wire fences and a private road, to the outside world, under Capt Muller’s leadership.

The tons of earth that had been dug out had been scattered all over the prison grounds quietly. They had fashioned civilian clothes from old blankets and discarded pieces of material. They had squirreled away provisions, made maps, even a home-made compass.  

Capt Muller was one of the 22 fugitives who emerged out of a tunnel into a turnip field and scattered in small groups across the nearby farmland, triggering a massive manhunt that involved the military, police and special constables, a contingent of the Royal Naval Air Service from RAF Cranwell, Boy Scouts, farmers, gamekeepers and even women.  It took only one week to round up all the prisoners.

To a man they gave up without a fight, most of them too cold, tired and thirsty to carry on, most of them were disabled due to malnutrition and cramps. The majority were found within a few miles of the camp, hiding out in ditches and woods.  

Capt von Muller and his comrades were tried by the British at Derby Assizes. Among the charges was the theft of blankets belonging to King George V. 

They were given a variety of short jail sentences, von Muller getting 58 days.

Such were the exploits of a ship and of the way in which her captain and crew conducted themselves, any person of any nationality would like to think that the personnel in their own navy were capable of emulating such fine behaviour - both in success and defeat, as was displayed in this particularly fine example.

Capt Von Muller was sent to the Netherlands as part of a humanitarian prisoner exchange. In October 1918 he was repatriated to Germany.



Müller was awarded the Pour le Mérite (or Blue Max) and finally promoted to Kapitän zur See. In early 1919, he retired from the Navy on grounds of ill health, and settled in Blankenburg.

He politely refused to write a book detailing his service and exploits--such was the honour of this great man.. He was elected to the state parliament of Brunswick (Braunschweig) on an anti-class platform as a member of the German National People's Party.

In the meantime, Lieutenant von Mücke had hoisted the Imperial German flag, declaring the island a German possession, and started making arrangements for the defence of the beach, installing machine guns and having trenches dug.  


He cut off the underwater cables as per order from Capt Von Muller.  Having witnessed the deadly  battle between Emden and the Sydney, he commandeered a sailing vessel, the 123-ton, three-masted schooner Ayesha, and gave the order to sail. 




Although she was old and falling into pieces , resourceful von Mücke had her repaired so well that, before sunset, all of the German landing party with their weapons boarded her and departed, navigating shallow and reef laden waters .




The yacht meant for 7 people had 49 souls on board.  His destination would be Padang, Sumatra without a single chart.  On 23 November 1914, the coast of Sumatra was sighted.  On the 25th, she began to pussy foot her way through the dangerous waters leading to the Dutch-controlled harbor of Padang. The neutral Dutch allowed the Germans some water, provisions, sails, and tackle--after some grand standing with rules, and bickering.

After three weeks they made a secret  rendezvous with, a German liner Choising of 1700-tons displacement. The Emden landing party climbed aboard carrying their ammunition and guns, and with a heavy heart sank the old but reliable lady Ayesha,  who had delivered the goods.




Though the story of the Emden should logically end here, it is interesting to note the courage and initiative of  Lt. von Mucke in bringing his men home to Germany. 

The Choising took. them to the Red Sea where he eluded the British blockade and unloaded his men near Hodeidah, Yemen. They then took to camels and travelled through the desert . On the way they were ambushed by enemies and prize hunters and a few Germans sailors of Emden died. 

They went on the caravan trail  to Jeddah and then by boat to Elwesh where they took another caravan journey for five-days to El Ula . There their Syrian railway awaited them. 

They boarded the train and left for Constantinople, but their train slowed for nearly every station so that they could receive ovations from an admiring countryside. 




Finally, they reached the eastern side of the Bosphoros where they boarded a destroyer for the last leg of their escape. In Constantinople, they marched up a boulevard resplendent in their new uniforms accompanied by thousands of cheering Turks.  




Admiral Souchon, as the leading German Naval officer in the Ottoman Empire, awaited their arrival.  The German sailors stopped at attention before him, and Lt. von Mucke strode forward raising his sword.  He then lowered it and said, "Beg to report most obediently, Herr Admiral, landing corps of the Emden, 44 men, four officers, one surgeon.".  It was a sight for the sore eyes.

So, in June 1915, among the roses of Constantinople, ended an amazing  journey which had begun in November 1914 under the palms of the Cocos Islands in the Far East.

One Emden Officer Julius Lauterbach had a adventure of his own from the POW camp at Tangling Singapore, where he was held with the crew of SMS Emden..









There was an Indian soldier mutiny of the Indian 5th Light Infantry at Singapore on February 15, 1915 . In the confusion he and a few colleagues made themselves scarce . This mutiny was broken up by the Sikh police regiment of Britain. 

The Indians were all shot after the mutiny was suppressed . It took 6 days to crush the revolt .  Sikhs shot Sikhs.  

This mutiny was hatched and co-ordinated by the great Indian patriots Chempakaraman Pillai at Berlin ( who was on the ship at Madras ), Rash Bihari Bose and Aiyyappan Pillai Madhavan Nair at Japan, Shyamji Krishna Varma at London and Bagha Jatin in India.   These are great unsung Indian patriots, who were SUNK by the British, Gandhi and Nehru.

Key leaders of the conspiracy, including Kartar Singh, Pingle, Kanshi Ram, Bhai Bhagwan Singh and others were arrested . Rash Behari Bose escaped from Lahore and in May 1915 fled to Japan.  Other leaders, including Giani Pritam Singh, Swami Satyananda Puri and others fled to Thailand.  Bagha Jatin and the rest of the Bengal cell went underground.




There followed a remarkable odyssey in which Lauterbach, by means of various disguises (an Arab merchant on one occasion),  false passports ( Swedish, Dutch and Belgian among others) and his merchant mariner's knowledge of the Far East in his head, traveled from Singapore to Padang to Cebu to Manila in a matter of six weeks.  With a 1,000-pound reward on his head, Lauterbach spent some of his eight-week stay in neutral Manila.  

He then caught a Japanese collier to Tientsin and moved on to Shanghai. To evade capture by the British he jumped into the river, with bullets whizzing the water around him.  Next Lauterbach stole the real passport of a U.S. Navy Lieutenant W. Johnson and used it to gain passage aboard an American ship to Nagasaki.  There were several posters offering 250,000 yen for Lauterbach's capture on display in Japan.

Making his weary way east to Honolulu and San Francisco, Lauterbach learned that his adventures were already in the newspapers. Nevertheless, disguised as a Dane, he reached New York by railroad and bribed his way aboard a Danish freighter at Hoboken, N.J., as a stoker.  His ship was intercepted off the Orkney Islands by a British armed merchant cruiser, but after five days of futile searching, she was released to resume her course to Oslo, Norway.  


From there, Lauterbach visited the German naval attaché's office in Copenhagen, and on October 10, 1915, he arrived home sweet home at Warnemünde. 

Ever wondered about indefatigable human spirit?





DO THEY MISS ME

Do they miss me at home, do they miss me
It would be an assurance, most dear
To know that this moment some loved one
Were saying, I wish he were here.

To feel that the group at the fireside
Were thinking of me as I roam,
Oh, Yes it would joy beyond measure
To know that they miss me at home
To know that they miss me at home.

When twilight approaches the season
That ever is sacred to song,
Does someone reflect my name
And sigh that I tary so long.

And is there a chord in the music,
That’s missed when my voice is away,
And a chord in each heart that awaketh
Regret at my wearisome day
Regret at my wearisome day.

Do they set me a chair near the table
When evenings home pleasures are nigh,
When the candles are lit in the parlor,
And the stars in the calm azure sky.

And when the goodnights are repeated,
And you lay them down to their sleep
Do they think of the absent and weep more
Or whisper goodnight while they weep
Or whisper goodnight while they weep.

Do they miss me at home , do they miss me
At morning, at noon or at night
And linger one gloomy glance around them
That only my presence can light

And joys less invitingly welcome
And pleasures less hale than before
Because one is missing from the circle
Because I am with them no more.
Because I am with them no more.

Jonathan Stager 110th Ohio Infantry to his wife. Submitted by Great Grandaughter Barbara (Stager) Henderson

Dont miss this.  Punch into Google search THE NOBLE AND HONOURABLE CAPTAIN OF GRAF SPEE- VADAKAYIL.

It will bring tears into your eyes.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WILL INDIA BE A BANANA REPUBLIC, WALMART AND FDI IN MULTI BRAND RETAIL ALLOWED - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



WILL INDIA BE A BANANA REPUBLIC, WALMART AND FDI IN MULTI BRAND RETAIL ALLOWED -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Mamata Bannerjee has just walked out of UPA2.  



She had enough of this Vatican sponsored Italian waitress , her foreign sponsors and her inner coterie who are more loyal to a 100% foreign DNA woman , than to their motherland.

What follows in this post will come as a shocker. 

I will redefine the " banana republic " concept.  It will NOT tally with written history which is accepted by all encyclopedias.

Whaaa? How can a Captain re-write history?  Will be be giving bull?

To such skeptics, I will say this .

Punch into Google search

NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE- SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS- VADAKAYIL

Now it appears that the truthful history must be re-written, right?

India will soon become a BANANA REPUBLIC since the Italian Queen Bee has allowed Walmart and FDI in multi-brand retail into India.

We have NOT learnt the bitter lessons of 800 years of slavery.

We have forgotten how a trader by the name of British East India company, made us slaves and reduced India from being the richest country on the planet to the poorest in 300 years flat.  This shipping company was owned by Rothschild.



For the un-initiated the British soldier thought he was fighting for Queen and country. Actually he was fighting for a German Jew Rothschild. How many of you--nay-- how may British John Bulls know that their royalty has German blood?


All of you have heard of the term SUPARI taken by the Mumbai under-world. Once the Supari is given and taken, the job has to be done--PERIOD!

Bribes received by politicians from foreign conglomerates are called "Lobbying money"--basically a supari. This was what Nira Radia was doing for the rich industrialists.

So once the bribe is taken, the politician has to deliver. Money is already deposited into a kick back overseas account. If the politician develops cold feet, then retribution is very severe. 




It could be a kidney failure or a helicopter crash. The job is done by professional economic hit men -also known as Jackals.

To understand what a Banana republic is, you need to know UNITED FRUIT COMPANY.



UFC was just a trader, like the British East India company.

Till today nobody has ever told that UFC dealt with anything other than bananas. Let me tell you, if you sit with a computer and work out the logistics by pure number crunching--there is NO way they can make so much money by selling just fruit.

Drug cultivation and drug running 
was involved on a massive scale..



A German Jew August Schonberg was born in Alzey Hesse on 8th Dec 1813 to Simon and Frederika Elsass Schönberg . He belonged to the Rothschild clan, a secret arm. Rothschild sent him to New York in 1837 at the time of the financial crash when almost all American businesses went PHUT. 

Nathan Rothschild in 1799, got hold of Tipu Sultan's gold and suddenly owned half the world's wealth. Tipu Sultan's gold was stolen form North Kerala temples, the fruit of 6 millenniums of spice trade. Most of this gold is from the mines of Timbuctoo.



August assumed a new yank friendly name -- Belmont and started a company August Belont and Co. .  Both Belmont and Schonberg both mean "beautiful mountain".. In 1860 August Belmont was the  self-proclaimed agent for the House of Rothschild and was  the Treasurer of the Democratic Party.

Rothschild stooge and puppet Salmon Chase was installed as US Chief Justice. 

August was in close liaison with Jewish British Prime minister Benjamin Disraeli, who openly worshipped Rothschild --
QUOTE  "Lord and Master of the money markets of the world, and of course virtually Lord and Master of everything else" UNQUOTE

Rothschild sent Macheca to New Orleans to catalyze a project .

Belmont's died in 1890 and his sons who inhertited the Rothschild's agency, were Oliver Hazard Perry Belmont, Perry Belmont, and August Belmont, Jr..

Joseph Coolidge was born in Watertown, Massachusetts June 18th, 1730 and was 46 when he participated in the Boston Tea Party.  In 1834, Joseph Coolidge returned from China and became a partner in Russell &Co, Opium Agents of Rothschilds.  

The other major Opium agent of Rothschild was the Perkins syndicate, based in Boston, which had intermarried with other families of the British genetic lines,  who had been involved in the black slave trade. 

The Russells eventually bought out the Perkins and became the center of the US opium racket in league with other like the Coolidge family.

Now punch into Google search - DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL

Enter the Coolidge.

Thomas Jefferson  Coolidge was also the incorporator of the United Fruit Co. in 1899.  United Fruit Company was thus created in 1899, by corporate merger with the Boston Fruit Company, owned by Andrew Preston with The Tropical Trading and Transport Company owned by Minor C Keith. The company by foul means came to control vast territories and transportation networks in Central America, the Caribbean coast of Colombia, Ecuador, and the West Indies.

United Fruit in 1899, had amazing assets that included more than 210,000 acres of land across the Caribbean and Central America, 112 miles of railroad, and so much political clout that Honduras, Costa Rica, and other countries in the region became known as banana republics.

Julia Gardner, in 1860 married Joseph Randolph Coolidge, a great-grandson of Thomas Jefferson and the son of Joseph Coolidge—a partner in Russell & Co.

Coolidge had a lucrative career in the British East India Company opium trade from india to China .” 

Coolidge, Thomas Jefferson Coolidge Sr  was born in Boston, Suffolk County, Mass., August 26, 1831.

John Calvin Coolidge, Jr. (July 4, 1872 – January 5, 1933) was the 30th President of the United States (1923–1929). He was sworn in by his father , a Justice of the Peace, in the middle of the night on Aug 3rd 1923, and, displaying his famous "cool cat" image promptly went back to bed, at his Coolidge Homestead in Plymouth Notch, Vermont .

Of the 224 ancestors in the family tree of 21 Presidents, we find 13 Roosevelt's and 16 Coolidge's--such is the power of Rothschild.



The term BANANA REPUBLIC was coined by American author O. Henry in his 1904 book of short stories, "Cabbages and Kings", set in the fictional "Anchuria", which was based on his 1896-97 stay in Honduras.

A banana republic is a politically unstable country that economically depends upon the exports of a a limited resource ( fruits, minerals ), and usually features a society composed of stratified social classes, such as a great, impoverished working class and a ruling plutocracy, composed of the elites of business, politics, and the military.

Basically a servile government ruled by a strongman  who abetted  the rape and  exploitation of  his own country’s minerals, resources and produce for financial kickbacks to his personal foreign account.

In the collusion between the State and favoured monopolies, whereby the profits derived from private exploitation of public lands is private property, and the debts incurred are public responsibility. Such an imbalanced economy reduces the national currency to devalued paper-money, hence, the country is ineligible for international development-credit.

Because of foreign (corporate) manipulation, the kleptocratic government is unaccountable to its nation, the country's private sector–public sector corruption operates the banana republic, thus, the national legislature usually are for sale, and function mostly as ceremonial government.

In 1928 thousands of striking United Fruit workers in Colombia gathered in a town square to call for a six-day week, an eight-hour day, free medical treatment and wages paid in cash rather than scrip redeemable only at the UFC run company store.

By the 1930s, the international influence (political and economic) of the United Fruit Company granted it control of 80–90 per cent of the U.S. banana trade. The fruit exporters profited from such low U.S. prices because the banana companies, by their manipulation of the national land use laws of the producing countries. 

UFC were able to cheaply buy large tracts of prime agricultural land for banana plantations in the countries of the Caribbean Basin, the Central American isthmus, and the tropical South American countries; and employ the native peoples as cheap-wage, manual labourers, after having rendered them landless, by means of legalistic dispossession.



The United Fruit Company was accused of bribing government officials in exchange for preferential treatment, exploiting its workers, paying little by way of taxes to the governments of the countries in which it operated, and working ruthlessly to consolidate monopolies.

The United Fruit Company was branded as El Pulpo, The Octopus, that economically pervaded  society, controlled a country's transport infrastructure, and sometimes violently manipulated the national politics.

In the middle of the 20th century, during the 1950s, the United Fruit Company convinced the governments of ROTHSCHILD CONTROLLED U.S. presidents Harry Truman (1945–53) and Dwight Eisenhower (1953–61) that the popular, elected government of President Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán of Guatemala was secretly pro–Soviet, for having expropriated unused "fruit company lands" to landless peasants. 

In the facilitated President Eisenhower's ordering and authorizing Operation PBSUCCESS, the Guatemalan coup d'état (1954), by means of which the Central Intelligence Agency deposed the elected Government (1950–54) of President Jacobo Árbenz Guzmán, and installed the pro-business government of Colonel Carlos Castillo Armas (1954–57), which perdured for three years, until his assassination by a presidential guard.

  
At its height in the first half of the last century, United Fruit owned one of the largest private navies in the world. It owned 50 percent of the private land in Honduras and 70 percent of all private land and every mile of railroad in Guatemala.

The Chilean poet Pablo Neruda wrote a poem in 1950, denouncing United Fruit multinational corporate political dominance of Latin American countries with the four-stanza poem "La United Fruit Co."; the second-stanza excerpts read:

. . . The Fruit Company, Inc.
Reserved for itself the most succulent,
The central coast of my own land,
The delicate waist of America.
It rechristened its territories
As the "Banana Republics",
And over the sleeping dead,
Over the restless heroes
Who brought about the greatness,
The liberty and the flags,
It established a comic opera. . . .

UFC built extensive railroads and ports to facilitate plundering the country’s wealth, and did NOT restrict themselves to bananas alone. 

Banana was just a front, for stealing , opium and Cannabis cultivation for export to USA.

UFCO also created numerous schools for the people who lived and worked on Company land, basically to convert tribals and natives to Christianity , so that they lose bonds with holy lands , cemeteries and mountains.

In 1954, the democratically elected Guatemalan government of Colonel Jacobo Arbenz Guzmán was toppled by U.S.- backed forces led by Colonel Carlos Castillo Armas who invaded from Honduras. 

Assigned by the US President Eisenhower administration, this military opposition was armed, trained and organized by the U.S. Central Intelligence Agency.

The United Fruit Company  gave bull that Colonel Arbenz intended to align Guatemala with the Soviet Bloc.  This spin was splashed by all Rothschild held media . Besides the disputed issue of Arbenz's allegiance to Communism, UFCO was being threatened by the Arbenz government’s agrarian reform legislation and new Labor Code protecting people from being bled.



UFCO was the largest Guatemalan landowner and employer, and the Arbenz government’s land reform included the expropriation of 40% of UFCO land.

The corrupt relationship between the Eisenhower and UFCO demonstrated the influence of corporate interest on U.S. foreign policy. The U.S.-led regime change precipitated four decades of military rule and hundreds of thousands of deaths in Guatemala.

A young Argentine traveler named Che Guevara happened to be in Guatemala when Arbenz was overthrown in 1954. After that, Che told his mother, “I left the path of reason.” And so, too, did Latin America. 

That day marked a turning point, the end of a hopeful age of reform and the beginning of a bloody age of revolution and reaction. Over the next four decades, hundreds of thousands of people — 200,000 in Guatemala alone — were killed in guerrilla attacks, government crackdowns and civil wars across Latin America.

One of the most notorious strikes by United Fruit workers broke out on 12 November 1928 on the Caribbean coast of Colombia, near Santa Marta. On December 6, Colombian Army troops allegedly under the command of General Cortés Vargas, opened fire on a crowd of strikers gathered in the central square of the town of Ciénaga.  

Estimates of the number of casualties are about 2600 .  Congressman Jorge Eliécer Gaitán claimed that the army had acted under instructions from the United Fruit Company.


  
The Dispatch from US Bogotá Embassy to the US Secretary of State, dated January 16, 1929, stated: “I have the honor to report that the Bogotá representative of the United Fruit Company told me yesterday that the total number of strikers killed by the Colombian military exceeded one thousand.”
  
Enter ze Zemurray--



  
Jew Samuel Zemurray ( Schmuel Zmurri ) came to America from Bessarabia, in Western Russia, in 1892 at age 14 or 15. , Zemurray was financed by Rothschild.  Don’t ever believe his “honest” rags to riches Jewish success story.

In fact the biggest joke of this century is “ there was the Jew who worked in a coal mine—“

He became head of the United Fruit Company and took deceit and cheating to unimaginable levels. He introduced into UFC policy mafia style lobbying, arm twisting, fascist-like brutality, torture, terror, death squads and coups.

He was also known as Sam the Banana Man.  Big and blunt, this Jewish immigrant from Russia used a blend of cleverness and cunning to buy up a bankrupt steamship company, to plot the overthrow of the Honduran government, to acquire millions of dollars’ worth of United Fruit stock, and  to insert himself as head of the Boston-based firm.  

By 1949 Zemurray had built United Fruit into one of America’s biggest companies, with $54 million in earnings and an empire of railroads and ships, and control of more than half of the U.S. market in imported bananas.

By 1946 the company had 83,000 employees and owned 116,214 acres for the cultivation of bananas, 95,755 for sugar cane, and 48,260 for cacao, and an un estimated area for Opium and Cannabis . 

Banana trade was only a front. 

Cannabis production was a year-round enterprise, in the Banana republics thanks to genetically modified seeds. 




All the drug Cartel problems which US faces today is all " chickens coming home to roost" problems--  drug plantations of banana republics which the highest echelons of USA were aware , as they themselves nurtured them. Even the Christian missionaries allowed it.



Till 1904, Coca-Cola contained cocaine.

 By the 1920s, United Fruit controlled 650,000 acres of the best land in Honduras, almost one quarter of all the arable land in the country. What's more, the company controlled important roads and railways.

Zemurray once remarked famously, "In Honduras, a mule costs more than a member of parliament."   How much does an Indian Cabinet minster cost ?

Towards the end of his life, when he lived in the grandest mansion in New Orleans and was worth more money than almost anyone on earth, Sam Zemurray could pick up the phone and topple governments in South America. In this, he becomes a sort of avatar for brute and foul American capitalism.

UFC holdings in Cuba, which included sugar mills in the Oriente region of the island, were expropriated by the 1959 revolutionary government led by Fidel Castro.

UFC smuggled cannabis in Cuban cigars. This is why Cuban cigars are so huge.  DEA dogs cant sniff, as the tobacco smell overrides.  Over time these cigars became a status symbol, as only the richest got their hands on them before and dealt with them

By April 1960 Castro was accusing the company of aiding Cuban exiles and supporters of former leader Fulgencio Batista in initiating a seaborn invasion of Cuba directed from the United States. Castro warned the U.S. that "Cuba is not another Guatemala" .



Those who did not play ball with the corporations were frequently found face down on the plantations.  Later in 1961, United Fruit lent its ships to CIA-backed Cuban exiles who sought to overthrow Fidel Castro at the Bay of Pigs.

The Bay of Pigs Invasion was an unsuccessful action by a CIA-trained force of Cuban exiles to invade southern Cuba, with support and encouragement from the US government, in an attempt to overthrow the Cuban government of Fidel Castro. The invasion was launched in April 1961, less than three months after John F. Kennedy assumed the presidency in the United States. 



The Cuban armed forces, trained and equipped by Eastern Bloc nations, defeated the invading combatants within three days. Anticipating an invasion, Che Guevara stressed the importance of an armed civilian populace, stating "all the Cuban people must become a guerrilla army, each and every Cuban must learn to handle and if necessary use firearms in defense of the nation."

United States Secretary of State John Foster Dulles was an avowed opponent of Communism, whose law firm Sullivan and Cromwell had represented United Fruit. His brother Allen Dulles was the director of the CIA, and a board member of United Fruit. United Fruit Company is the only company known to have a CIA cryptonym.

In 1972, United Fruit (now renamed United Brands) propelled Honduran General Oswaldo López Arellano to power. The dictator was forced to step down later however after the infamous "Bananagate" scandal that involved United Brands bribes to Arellano. 

A federal grand jury accused United Brands of bribing Arellano with $1.25 million, with the carrot of another $1.25 million later if the military man agreed to reduce fruit export taxes.  During Bananagate, United Brands' President was pushed down from  a New York City skyscraper to death.

United Fruit sold its properties in Guatemala to Del Monte in 1972 . Under its new name of Chiquita Brands, it still maintains its empire in the rest of Central America.  Chiquita was the first company in U.S. history to be convicted of financial dealings with a designated terrorist organization.Chiquita Brands International, has admitted to paying nearly $2 million to right-wing death squads in Colombia.

Wiki leaks revealed the 2009 coup d'etat that toppled Honduran President Manuel Zelaya was successfully maintained not through the use of force, but through the power of lobbying and spin.



Women working on Chiquita's plantations in Central America work from 6:30 a.m. until 7 at night, their hands burning up inside rubber gloves. Some workers are as young as 14. Central American banana workers have sought damages against Chiquita for exposing them in the field to DBCP, a dangerous pesticide that causes sterility, cancer, and birth defects in children.

 In India , the  politicians and business houses have exploited the nation’s precious minerals and resources. Like in a Banana republic all three segments, politicians, businessmen, CBI/police works for each other rather then for people, hence this politicians and businessmen nexus is next to impossible to break.

In a banana republic the politicians and government servants exploit their posts for personal gains. All the points where public money is collected directly like taxes, tolls etc  rarely go showing profits because part of revenue earned goes to the pockets of politicians, higher officials etc. 

The paid up and corrupt Union Minister for Commerce, will come on foreign funded TV in prime time and sing the praises of companies like Walmart , Monsanto and Vedanta. 

He will cry while scratching his mangy beard  " If Walmart is good enough for China, then it is good enough for India!"  

What he will NOT tell you is that China benefits by Walmart and that Walmart sources from China.  He will cry " Walmart creates jobs!" .  

He will NOT tell you about the jobs and livelihoods lost, about the family stores shut down, and the crushed poor man's dreams. After all hope is required to survive, right?

The bribed  minister will NOT tell you that after running down all competition with rock bottom prices, and getting monopoly, he will jack up his prices the way he wants.
  
He will NOT tell you, who runs Walmart, and why  the Zionist Jew run Indian TV and media give Walmart rave reviews?.  Simple reason is Walmart is also Zionist Jew owned. Sam Walton's daughter Ann Walton married a Jew, who owns NFL and NBA teams.



WALMART INTENTIONALLY SELLS A PRODUCT AT LOW COST INITIALLY TO KILL ALL COMPETITION. THIS IS TERMED "PREDATORY PRICING" AND "MONOPOLY DRIVE".

Walmart is a living example of the original Adam Smith capitalist theory about profits at all costs.
Sam Walton shoved his way to the top in a few years by roughing up all competition and extracting the POUND OF FLESH.


  
Just like United Fruit Company, Walmart will decide who will be India’s next MP. Is this not what United Fruit Company did in the South American continent-- they decided which minister would be appointed for which portfolio. They decided who would be the Supreme court judge. Remember a foreign funded goon like Kanda was allowed by Italian Madame to be the Home minister of UPA govt in Haryana.

Could the Walton family ( the richest in the world ) get rich so fast by being ethical and without aggressive exploitation ?

  
Walmart has no idea what social responsibility means in a country like India.

We Indians would rather have a BUY INDIA store than a BUY CHINA store. 

We will NOT allow India to be made a DUMPING GROUND for "Chinese made first world reject" goods.
  
If we allow Walmart to run amok in India, we will soon become a banana republic.


Punch into Google search-

SPIRIT AND CHE GUEVARA- VADAKAYIL

Below picture check out our Sunil Bharti with the Rothschilds. Lynn Rothchild on his right and Evelyn Rothschild on his left. Contrary to what gullible Sunil Bharti thinks, it is a HUGE disgrace for a honourable Indian to be seen with the greedy and deceptive Rothschilds -- the original drug runners, the original slave traders and the owners of British East India company who ruled over India and stole all our wealth. 



And here are our stooges !


Below picture Director of tata JJ Irani with Lady Evelyn Rothschild.  Tata was the Opium agents of Rothschild.  Old nostalgia?




This reminds me of a true anecdote--

My ship was a Guatemala and Costa Rica.

Small boys used to come to the gangway and offer to give a huge bunch of bananas for a single beer can. Literally we used to have a store full of bananas. But they would never get ripe even after a month, and we threw them away.

So next time we went there, we asked them boys. You guys gave us bad bananas or what?  They ones you gave us, did not get ripe, and we threw them away.

The answer was " You did not wash them with water?"

So there we were --

this time around we washed the bananas.


There was supposed to be a veneer of some chemical on the green banana , which prevents air contact . The bananas became ripe and our stomachs used to stand out like footballs.

All those who think this preserving chemical is good for human health, please raise your hands.  Whaaa-- no hands?

Mass production of bananas took its toll. In 1903, disease hit United Fruit’s plantations in Panama. An array of pathogens kept up the attack, and the banana was discovered to have a genetic weakness. Its seeds are ill equipped for reproduction, so growers take cuttings from one plant to create another. The banana is a clone, with each inbred generation less resilient. GM scientists are working continuously on the bananas.

GM foods are “lipstick" foods which have NIL food value, minerals and vitamins.  The moment US took over Iraq, the first thing the US military Governor did was to issue a fiat-- only Monsanto GM seeds can be used in Iraq.  You disturb nature’s building blocks, and now you make the country dependent on the  GM food manufacturer for seeding to give birth to next gen food.

All those who think GM foods are good for health—please raise your hands.  Whaaaa no hands, again ?

Punch into google search THE DRUG RUNNERS OF INDIA- VADAKAYIL

We have our ex-waitress . but now, Queen Bee dividing India broadly into PANDAVA and KAURAVA camps-- states who want FDI in multi-brand retail and states who do NOT want.



The original East India Company divide and rule policy. 

 

Solution :-- India need to introduce OZONE infused reefer vegetable coolers in high vegetable growing areas, to prevent them from rotting and going waste.  Food must NOT be wasted.




US President Bush promised in USA Today on September 21, 2000, he would allocate $80 billion over 10 years in tax incentives to help US churches, provide social services (sic!).  



USAID ( which has a CIA link ) funds Christian NGOs in India . Its  US trans-national Christian NGOs like World Vision and CARE are more involved in conversions to Christianity than development initiatives in India, which is just  a mere front. 

CIA-supported missionaries are trained in counter-insurgency operations, fanning civil wars and being the  conduits for arms and armaments for covert Christian NGO insurgent groups.




In the movie Titanic, Kate Winslett’s fiancé was John Jacob Astor IV.  His great grandfather German Jew John Jacob Astor I, born in Waldorf, Duchy of Baden (Germany), was related to German Jew Rothschild by blood.  


Above: Opium drug runner, John Jacob Astor IV and his fiancé  Madeleine Talmage Force , the wealthiest passengers on board the ship. 

Madeleine survived.  Astor was among the 1,514 people on board who did not survive.



 He was the richest passenger at the age of 47.  He was the Opium agent of Rothschild.  

Punch into Google search THE DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL. 



Astor’s estate gave her an endowment of $5,000,000, on the condition that she never remarry. Years later, she did remarry and thereby gave up the five million dollars.  



Others with Astor in the Rothschild Opium drug trade were  the  Alsops, Appletons, Bundy's, Coolidges, Endicots, DuPont's, Freeman's, Hoopers, Higginsons, Jacksons,  Kennedy’s, Li’s, Perkins, Rockefellers, Roosevelts, Morgans, Russell's, Lowells, Laurences, Saltonstalls, Phillipses, Sutherlands, Mathesons, Barings, Lehmans, Delanos, Tafts Schiffs, Harrimans, Guggenheims, Stimpsons, Wayhausers, Vanderbilts, Bush's , Philburys, Cabots, Forbes, Welds, Sturgises, Warburgs, Yales, Kerrys etc.






 

Every rating agency , is controlled by Rothschild. Manmohan Singh  and Montek Singh Ahluwalia being ex-IMF / WB knows this very well.  Manmohan worked for Rothschild in Switzerland before he was pushed into the Finance ministers chair , in 1991.




Ratings agencies have been blamed for fuelling the financial crisis by inflating ratings on securities backed by sub-prime mortgages.  Who will rate these dubious Rothschild controlled agencies S&P, Moody’s and Fitch.  They are useless institutions, they need to be shut down and their  managements put away for fraud.
  


No investment professional really relies on them. Economics is a pseudo-science and economists are its alchemists. These rating agencies are just the mob muscle for the financial companies. In case a Rothschild bank needs to squeeze the ba##s of  a "client" just get the “pet dog” rating agency to threaten to downgrade a little bit. We live in the age of the economic engineer, where everything means nothing and nothing means everything.  Pick a number, any number, and do what you like to it.  

Fitch Moody and S&P want the "markets" to believe, to place trust in them. My advice is to trust yourself.





Walmart is the world’s third largest corporation, according to Fortune Global 500, considered the biggest private employer in the world with over two million employees working at 8,500 stores in 15 countries, under 55 different names earned a whopping $446.950 BILLION in 2012. 

They will "lobby" with Sonia Gandhi ,Man mohan Singh and Anand Sharma and brown nose their way into India.


If I had my way, I would ban every lawyer from becoming a Minister. Most of the criminals have good qualities like “namak halal “ ( gratitude ) and being “wajan ka pakka” ( honour a promise ).  How many of you feel that lawyers are NOT ungrateful,  pathological liars?


CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER.
********************************************************************
SARSAPARILLA, NANNARI,THE QUANTUM SHERBET DRINK- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
SARSAPARILLA , NANNARI , THE QUANTUM SHERBET DRINK -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






As children we used to play football, cricket and 7 tiles ( chatti ) , as soon as we came back from school, till dusk. During the holidays we used to play throughout the day. We were a gang of about 16 boys.

During the summer vacations, invariably there would be a exhibition ( fair ) in Calicut. One of my friends ( 13 years old ) used to have his own lemonade stall, like Dennis the Menace.

His elder brother and mother used to make Sarasaparilla sherbet concentrate for him. And we used to watch.  In Kerala everybody loves to have Nannari spiked lemonade in summer. So this stall used to do roaring business.


This is how they prepared it--

Method:
1) Break the Nannari roots into say 5 cm long pieces and then dry them under the hot sun for about 5 hours.
3) Crush the roots with a ammi and remove the hard portion from the inside of the root.
3) Powder the remaining parts.
4) Boil water in a vessel. Once it boils, remove the vessel from the fire and now add the powdered root and mix well.
5) Leave the mixture aside for 12 hours, without stirring--it has to diffuse.
6) Strain the liquid out with a muslin cloth into another vessel.
7) Add brown sugar into the mixture.
8) Place the mixture onto the stove again and boil till the texture become a bit sticky.
8) Let it cool, now bottle it
9) Add fresh lemon juice to a table spoon.
10) Put crushed ice and the lovely aroma ( woody + vanilla + fruity ) drink is ready to be served.

Sarsaparilla is called Anantamul in Sanskrit.  6000 year old Ayurveda uses Sarsaparilla root extensively as it is an anti-oxidant and has quantum healing effects.  

It is administered in the form of powder, infusion or decoction as syrup. 

It is also a major component of several Ayurvedic medicinal preparations.

Sarsaparilla (Hemidesmus indicus) is a woody wine that can grow up to a height of 50 m and bears small flowers and black, blue or red berry-like fruits.

The exposed part of the root is brown in colour, while the inner part is whitish. The root has an astringent taste and a pleasant odour. The herb is found in foothills and only the roots of the herb are used for extraction.

Decoction of stalks and leaves is used for skin eruptions.

Decoction of the roots ( which contain vitamins A, B-complex, C and D, also the minerals iron, manganese, sodium, silicon, sulfur, copper, Zinc, and iodine) , have several uses in the treatment of several disorders :--( in random order ) 

Diuretic , to increase the excretion of uric acid,increases volume of urine and flushes out stones from body

Coolant,  promotes sweating , binding with toxins in the skin and the sweating then pushes the toxins from the body through the skin pores---

let me rush through now--

blood purifier---anti-inflammatory--- arthritis--- edema--- rheumatism---- kidney---- liver cleansers---- treating kidney stones----  venereal diseases---- epilepsy---- nervous diseases---- tonsillitis---- syphillis---- stomach disorders---- lose weight----  constipation ---- alleviate inflammation of spleen and gall bladder---- urinary disorders---- anaemia----  wheezing---- infertility----impotence----.diarrhoea----acidity----  tonsillitis----antipyretic----, astringent to bowels----.urino-genital----tract inflammation----.gout---- epilepsy---- insanity---- chronic nervous diseases---- intestinal gas---- production of sexual hormones---- antibacterial activity---- .sore mouths of children---- lack of  appetite----bronchitis----asthma---- ulcers---- body odour---- mouth odour---- piles---- uterine complaints---- paralysis---- premature graying of hairs---- eye and catarrhal problems---- scrofula and ringworms---- abdominal distention---- turbid urine----  pre and post-natal care---- PMS---- immuno suppressant tonic---- eczema---- psoriasis----stimulates the flow of bile----  good for hair growth---- stimulates the production of sexual hormones etc

SURPRISED?  THIS IS ALL ABUT QUANTUM CATALYTIC ACTION !!..
  
Leprosy can be controlled by regular intake of the root powder in dose of 3 to 6 gms twice daily along with decoction of this plant. 

The juice of the roots can be applied as eye drops for burning sensation of the eyes.
  
The root powder can also be administered for dysentry, leucoderma and piles etc.

Negates the fatal effects of a phospholipase A2, which is one of the major components of venom released by cobra, krait and Russell’s viper snakes.--also for treatment of scorpion stings and rat bites.

A saponin from the plant is found to have antiinflammatory activity against formalin induced edema.



A safe natural and organic drink, as an  alternative to thirst quenching modern canned drinks that contains toxic and acidic chemicals. The Chinese Admiral Zheng He used to love it.

Indian Sarasaparilla or Nannari, is different from American Sarsaparilla which they use in root beer.



I will advise Chilean wine makers to use Sarsaparilla as a flavour--to make it an elexir .


Never confuse taste with flavour.  Taste is a chemical sense perceived by the receptor cells in the taste buds. Flavour is a fusion of multiple senses.  Your perception of scent is more than a thousand times stronger than your perception of taste. Taste is 78% smell.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
ISRO SPY CASE , S NAMBINARAYANAN, INFILTRATION OF SECURITY AGENCIES BY DOUBLE AGENTS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



ISRO SPY CASE , S NAMBINARAYANAN,  INFILTRATION OF INDIAN SECURITY AGENCIES BY DOUBLE AGENTS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This post is in response to a reader Suresh S Namboodiri, vide my post WILL INDIA BE A BANANA REPUBLIC- VADAKAYIL..

My first thought was NO, I am too busy with other things.

Then suddenly I realised I has a personal connection with this case, which had given me a heartache.

My elder son wanted to be an astro-physicist right from a young age.  His room used to be filled with astro posters.  

An an incident happened in Kerala , and I then asked my son " What are your options? You can join ISRO or you can join NASA.  I don't want you to join NASA, which leaves ISRO " 

--and then I told him the story of a brilliant ISRO astro-scientist Nambinarayanan. 

His face all changed and he was downcast for a while.  The whole day he was silent. After that he never bought any books on astro-physics.

Today my elder son has a high flying job as a computer Engineer, after doing his ME at Cornell USA..

Before that--

I was home on leave about 2 decades ago, and as usual I had gone to the Rotary Swimming pool at Calicut for a swim, in the evening.

Suddenly a 15 year old girl came in front of me . She asked me if I could teach her swimming . I noticed she was very pretty.  

I had to be careful here as teaching swimming involves physical contact. And if something untoward happens the men are always blamed, even if the girl looks like sh#t and the man is a hunk -- and here she was a stunner..

She was on a Christmas vacations, and  her father was IG of Police of Kerala State , Raman Srivasatava.  I remember seeing her high profile father's pictures in the local newspapers as he was always dressed impeccably in a suit, unlike his bumpkin predecessors, who had little class.



I guess he gave everybody an inferiority complex, as he was the CM's K.Karunakaran's blue eyed boy too. At that time our present Defence minister AK Antony was Karunanakran's bitter political rival in the same Congress party. 

The last I saw her was on New years eve, she wanted me to be her dancing partner, as she was going for a New Year dance at a local hotel with her parents.  I remember calling her brother from the pther side of the pool  and telling him to dance with his sister, and excused myself saying I had a committed dinner with my wife. 

The real reason was my wife would have killed me for cradle snatching , if her father did not.

I really liked this bubbly girl-- and sometimes felt that she was too vulnerable..

Then one fine day I saw the picture of this top- cop family, on the front page of the local newspaper. They were stoned outside Guruvayur temple by an irate mob, who shouted that they were desh drohis. This picture with her IG father , then under suspension and brother ( probably 14 ) in white mundu, really gave me a shock. 

Incidentally CM K Karunakaran always visited the Guruvayur temple every month on a particular day, and the IG also went on the same date, every month- a 330 km drive.

So I followed the case closely.

Her father was accused to be an accomplice of the great astro-scientist S Nambinarayanan in selling our ISRO secrets .

Now who was this Nambinarayanan?
  
He was then project director of the prestigious cryogenic system project and was working on developing an Indian cryoengine for the third stage of the GSLV.

Narayanan introduced the liquid fuel rocket technology in India in the early 1970s, when A. P. J. Abdul Kalam’s team was working on solid motors. He foresaw the need for liquid fuelled engines for ISRO’s future civilian space programmes. 

He was personally mentored and encouraged by the then ISRO chairman Satish Dhawan.



Narayanan developed liquid propellant motors, first building the successful 600-kg thrust engine in the mid-1970s and thereafter moving on to bigger engines. His  team developed the Vikas engine used by several ISRO rockets including the Polar Satellite Launch Vehicle(PSLV) that took Chandrayaan-1 to the moon in 2008. 

The Vikas engine is used in the second stage of PSLV and as the second and the four strap-on stages of Geo-Synchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle (GSLV).Nambi led the Indian team to France to work with scientists there on the development of their Viking engine. 



And it was he, they add, who was mostly responsible in learning the complex configurations that helped the Indians to later develop the Vikas engine, an improved version of the Viking.



India was in a elite club.

The arrest of this scientist on false charges set our space program back by a decade. It crushed the morale of ISRO scientists.

It was a shame that we fell for a standard CIA procedure.

CIA has standard procedures. I had read a book by a dissident CIA man, and he had listed out the dirty tricks they play.

For instance when Fidel Castro , went to the White house to see the US president, they put some itching powder on the seat of his chair. This would make him scratch his balls vigorously and continuously- making him cut a sorry figure in front of the press and officials. 

See-- we told you, Fidel is such an a$$hole.

At this juncture I must tell you that Kerala has been infiltrated by CIA via the Christian missionary NGOs. Today you can see that Sonia Gandhi is filling up her minister slots disproportionately with Kerala Christians.

Now let me talk about a very curious soul, an enigma , RB Sreekumar. 



Srrekumar,  is seen all over TV nowadays.  He is dead against Narendra Modi, and I am sure it makes the Queen Bee very happy. 

He vacillates between Sonia's Christian inquisitor John Dayal and Teetsa Setalvad, a rabid Muslim rabble rouser, both Modi haters .  Sreekumar is given a lot of prime time by all the foreign funded TV channels .

I had noticed that RB Sreekumar, then in the IB,  was the kingpin, in putting the screws on the ISRO scientist Nambinarayanan. 

Remember he is the knight in shining armor, who is ALWAYS right, and who will maintain a "register" of all illegal verbal orders he gets from his superiors, to keep his personal yard arm clear.

The day Nambi was arrested there was a big crowd at his gates and people were pushing to break the police cordon and throwing punches at him as he was being taken to the police jeep, calling him Desh Drohi.

Journalists went skippety skip to the house of the spy on 30th Nov 1994, and were shocked to note that the dedicated scientist lived in poverty though he held a critical and well paying job as Director in ISRO.  

He had a small black and white TV, when even my driver had a color TV in his house in 1994. His fridge was out of order , for at least 2 months.

Shaken up, the journalists went hoppety hop to check out the two Maldivian Muslim women, to whom Nambi sold ISRO blueprints in exchange for sex.  They were surprised to see two ugly, fat women, Mariam Rasheeda and Fauzia Hassan, looking like two sacks of rotten potatoes .

Something was terribly wrong somewhere-- money and sex apparently did NOT hold water--unless you were daft.

Everybody knew the spy case was fabricated. All knew that this spy case was foisted by American spies operating in India to stall the development of cryogenic engines by ISRO.

This man RB Sreekumar has been allegedly in cahoots with Teesta Setalvad in targeting Narendra Modi — everybody knows this.. 

What is the catch?— for he is Hindu and Teesta Setalvad is a Muslim , funded by Saudi Wahabi funds to produce fake witnesses out of thin air in a court of law..

Nambi narayanan accused Sibi Mathew ( a specially chosen Christian officer ) and RB Sreekumar of instigating some other unidentified police officers to physically assault him at the Hindustan Latex guesthouse in Trivandrum in early December 1994, call him a bastard and a traitor.

Narayanan was arrested and spent 50 days in jail, most of the time naked. 

Nambinarayanan said on TV that RB Sreekumar, of the Intelligence Bureau (IB) who interrogated him wanted him to make false accusations against the top brass of ISRO. 


The Syrian Christian owned media of Kerala has been tom-tomming that Christian Siby Mathews is “ a GREAT MAN,  one of the cleanest and honest Keralites in khaki”.  

Wonder how they know all this!  

Siby Mathews, who stepped down as DGP, was on 23 April 2011, sworn in as the Kerala State Chief Information Commissioner, a plum and nuisance potential post .




Hey, 
"Lochinvar" RB Sreekumar, why don't you search your " All illegal verbal orders I got from my superiors"  spin register just in case your superiors twisted your arm to do this -- 

-- or maybe this desh drohi thing , was your own decision ?  

--- or maybe "broken up to garbage" Nambi is telling lies to fix you, like Narendra Modi ? 

He alleges that two IB officials RB Sreekumar, and Sibi Mathew had asked him to implicate A E Muthunanakom, his boss and then Director of the Liquid Propulsion System Centre (LPSC). When he refused to comply, he was tortured until he collapsed .

After Nambi fainted, he was revived by a Dr Sukumaran of Sree Krishna hospital, at the guesthouse itself.

Nambi said that he was routinely tortured in inhuman ways by Kerala Police's Special Investigation Team headed by Sibi Mathew, a Christian IPS officer who conducted the initial inquiry in to the spy case.  Nambi's legs were swollen and had internal hemorrhage. 


Why does NOT anybody realize that Rattan Sehgal, the then Counter Intelligence Chief of IB, who was also associated with the ISRO case, was in cahoots with CIA ( caught red-handed by the then IB Chief Arun Bhagath ), and sacked from IB in November 1996.

Media frenzy was created by the media mostly controlled by Syrian Christians. The case also had a link to the intelligence bureau chief, M Dhar who was later sacked and surprisingly he then joined the congress party. 

The mass hysteria created by the Christian media forced the chief minister K.Karunakaran to resign and handover the CM chair to A.K. Anthony on February 27, 1995.

Now you get the drift why the Indian Army Generals were accused of bugging AK Antony's defence ministry office, 4 months ago.

This high profile ISRO incident also postponed the 1995 Nuclear blast tests.

Sreekumar was awarded a Medal for Distinguished Service in 1998 by the Government of India.

The charges against Nambi were dismissed by the CBI in 1996, and the Supreme Court declared him not guilty in 1998.

In 2001, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) ordered the Kerala State Government to pay Nambi a compensation of  1 crore (10 million).

It was alleged that Prabhakara Rao, the son of then Prime Minister PV Narasimha Rao, was involved in this case, forcing the PM made an unscheduled 36-hour visit to Kerala.  Raman Srivastava became DG of Kerala Police and now occupies the high position of DG of Border Security Force (BSF).

A special branch inspector, Vijayan, reportedly had a tiff with a Maldivian woman, Fouzia Hassan, over a visa extension for her compatriot, Mariam Rasheeda.  Vijayan promptly booked Rasheeda for visa overstay and raided her Hotel Samrat , room 205, 2 days later . 

Among the seizures made was a diary that contained the telephone numbers of some space scientists.

Rasheeda's counsel Prasad Gandhi contends that Vijayan seized her passport and air tickets to prevent her from flying home before her visa lapsed.  Ernakulam Chief Judicial Magistrate Mohana Rajan acquitted Mariam of the charge of overstaying. 

The judgment dated November 14, 1995 observed that Inspector Vijayan had seized her air tickets for the purpose of arresting her for overstaying, that the police had willfully obstructed her from leaving the country.

Carelessly stowed diaries with critical telephone numbers lying around-- this means if tomorrow I get arrested in USA with Sharon Stone's telephone number in my diary, she must get arrested too. 



STANDARD CIA PROCEDURE!

WE FELL FOR IT--HOOK LINE AND SINKER  !! --ARE OUR AGENCIES NOT TRAINED ?



The crime branch of the Kerala police, headed by deputy inspector general of police Siby Mathews, found the involvement of IGP Raman Srivastava in the case. The police had linked IG Raman Srivastava to Mariam Rasheeda, the ugly sack of potatoes.

On 14th February 2004, 29 critical titanium alloy rings were reportedly stolen from ISRO liquid system propulsion centre and on 23rd February at the Satish Dhawan Space Center (SHAR), at Sriharikota, in the solid propellant plant, there was a huge blast that left 6 dead. 



Strangely a Bangalore city based Astrological Magazine had predicted the Sriharikota blast in its Jan 2004 issue which stated that ‘a fiery accident could make the labour of many months and crores of rupees literally go up in smoke’.  It also said that there could be a threat of sabotage to the Indian space programmes. Bangalore newspapers dated 3-3-04 reported about this.

On 24th Jan 1966, the father on India's nuclear programme Dr.Homi Bhabha died in a Air India plane crash.. He was on his way to Vienna to attend an IAEA Scientific Advisory Committee meet. 

The plane was hit by a missile and there were NO survivors. 



Just 13 days before Indian PrimeMinister Lal Bahadur Shastri died of a mysterious heart attack while at Tashkent, after a pact with Pakistan to end the 1965 Indo-Pak war.  

Surprisingly ( NOT so surprisingly for some ) India did NOT make any attempts to do an investigation, considering that Homi Bhabha was a very valuable Indian.

Just 2 days ago all newspapers gave headlines that a diplomatic bag ( below ) was retrieved from Mont Blanc of Alps.



On 31st Dec 1971,Vikram Sarabhai, the father of India's space programme died of a mysterious heart attack at Halycon Castle Hotel Thiruvananthapuram. Few days before his death he had remarked publicly that he is being watched by both Americans and Russians.  Nobody gave him the protection. 



These are assets nay ornaments of India whose health is regularly monitored, and chances of a heart attack at 52, are very remote. It is well known in Kerala ( grapevine ) that two Christian women spies of a Trojan horse NGO did in Sarabhai. 

Foreign funded NGOs are in a position to buy our MPs' and Ministers either by money or by blackmail. Team Anna , all of whom are heading foreign funded NGOs, wanted all Foreign funded NGOs to be outside the scanner of the Jan Lokpal bill.


The Suryanelli rape case was allegedly hushed up by IG of Police Sibi Mathew , who allegedly screwed Nambi.

This concerns a 16-year-old girl from Kerala who was raped for 40 days by 42 men in 1996.  The girl from Suryanelli in Idukki district of Kerala in India was transported from place to place across Kerala.  

The accused included the congress leader P J Kurien.  The minor girl alleged that PJ Kurien had raped her at the Kumily guesthouse in Idukki district.    PJ Kurien was discharged by Kerala High Court on April 4, 2007 for the lack of evidence. 



Allegedly Inspector-General of Police Sibi Mathew, saved fellow Christian and Congress leader  PJ Kurien, by forcing a key witness not to testify in court.  This case is now sunk!   If it is true , so much for free and fair trials and keeping religion out of police work.

The Kundankulam nuclear protests are funded by the West. The Panchayat president Muthuraja had revealed that he got elected in return for promising support to this anti-nuclear movement to a rabble rousing Christian priest, who has been well tutored by his foreign masters on Nuclear radiation dangers. It is a bid to malign the Russian design of the plant. 

This is in retaliation to Russia's efforts in maligning the Konkan Jaitapur Areva Nuclear plant . Protesters are ferried in by bus, and they are well compensated. 

The Internet is flooded with vested foreign propaganda as to how unsafe this PFBR is. Mind you in the FAST BREEDER REACTOR ( PFBR ) field, we Indians are No 1 in the world. 

The THORIUM MEGA SCAM is yet to be unearthed. 


The Christian population of Kanyakumari district is now sky-rocketed 47%  --   a lot of them are illiterate fishermen .  Crores of rupees come in every month as donations,  from foreign Christian missionaries. 

The disappearance of Monazite sands ( Thorium used for Nuclear energy ) from Manavalakurichi beach of Kanyakumari must be investigated, in the guise of Illemnite and Zirconium export ..

Thousands of tons of Thorium laden Monazite sands have been stolen from Tamil Nadu and Kerala beaches.  But today all are busy chasing the decoy-- FDI in multi-brand retail. 


In Kerala we have a Christian owned major newspaper.  They have self conferred medals of patriotism on themselves using their Christian politician stooges and made the owning family great desh bhakts.

Yet 60 years before Independence this Indian Malayalam newspaper was sponsored by the British—in a hum bhi Christian tum bhi Christian spirit.

The ancestral lands of the Hindus were captured as being excessive over the limit. Today most of these unfortunate people are worse than beggars. 

Yet the vast rubber estates of the rich Christians remained untouched— all due to the efforts of the Christian politicians and this Christian newspaper..

Today Hindu temples are run by atheist Communist run Govt Dewaswam boards.  Most of these temples are in ruins. The pujaris do NOT know how to conduct rituals  or recite Sanskrit mantras.  My wife now prefers to go to neighbouring Karnataka temples.

The equivalent of a dirty scavenger dalit operating your son’s brain in a neuro hospital.  

The money collected from temples are used to send Muslims to Mecca , NOT once – 

-- but multiple times



Here is a sick joke: ( hope my wife does NOT see this, for she will surely kick mE ass)

A young man was arrested in front of a ladies college for ogling .  The teachers called the police, as they noticed that the girls were giggling, blushing and inattentive in class .  

Police arrested him and they found a huge banana inside his undies, under his jeans . 

The police asked him" What the fu#k is this?"

He says " Well that is mE decoy!"


CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER.







The Malayalam Christian media , which was sponsored by the British ,  also made many home grown Christian freedom fighters.   

An example was Accamma Cheriyan , her sister Rosamma Punnose and her brother KP Varkey.

Once I head my wife teaching my younger son a Malayalam lesson, about Accamma Cheriyan.

The British police chief ordered his men to fire on the rally of over 20,000 people .   

Accamma Cherian cried, "I am the leader; shoot me first before you kill others". BLAH BLAH BLAH

ADYAM ENTE NENJIL NIRA OZHIKKUKA  !!!!



Her courageous words ( SIC! ) forced the police authorities to withdraw their orders.  On hearing the news our man Gandhi hailed her as ‘The Jhansi Rani of Travancore’.

Kanjirapally Christiyanis were sponsored by the British and always had a chip on their shoulders.

In 1947, after independence, Accamma Chriyan was elected unopposed to the Travancore Legislative Assembly from Kanjirapally-- due to the Christain media hype making her larger than life.

After that this woman came cropper in which ever election she contested.

Congress decided NOT to give this loser a party ticket -- and she promptly became a Communist .

So much for scruples.  It was all about MYSELF !!

Oh Boy!!


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
GRAHAM CROSBY, WINCHESTER CATHEDRAL-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
GRAHAM CROSBY, WINCHESTER CATHEDRAL-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Graham Crosby , a singer , wrote this song on his 32nd birthday while in the Winchester Cathedral, England.



Important events which took place at Winchester Cathedral include:
Funeral of King Harthacanute (1042)
Funeral of King William II of England (1100)
Coronation of Henry the Young King and his queen, Marguerite (1172)
Second coronation of Richard I of England (1194)
Marriage of King Henry IV of England and Joanna of Navarre (1403)
Marriage of Queen Mary I of England and King Philip II of Spain (1554)
Funeral and burial of Jane Austen (1817)


CSN / Crobsy, Stills and Nash is a super folk rock group, all of whom have been inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame twice..





Six o' clock
In the morning I feel pretty good
So I dropped into the luxury of the Lords
Fighting dragons and crossing swords
With the people against the hordes who came to conquer
Seven o'clock
In the morning here it comes I taste the warning
And I'm so amazed I'm here today
Seeing things so clear this way
In the car and on my way to Stonehenge

I'm flying in Winchester cathedral
Sunlight pouring through the break of day
Stumbled through the door and into the chamber
There's a lady setting flowers on a table covered lace
And a cleaner in the distance finds a cobweb on a face
And a feeling deep inside of me
Tells me this can't be the place
I'm flying in Winchester cathedral
All religion has to have its day
Expressions on the face of the Savior
Made me say
I can't stay

Open up the gates of the church and let me out of here
Too many people have lied in the name of Christ
For anyone to heed the call
So many people have died in the name of Christ
That I can't believe it all

Now I'm standing on the grave of a soldier that died in 1799
And the day he died it was a birthday
And I noticed it was mine
And my head didn't know just who I was
And I went spinning back in time
And I am high upon the altar
High upon the altar, high

I'm flying in Winchester cathedral
It's hard enough to drink the wine
The air inside just hangs in delusion
But given time
I'll be fine

Open up the gates of the church and let me out of here
Too many people have lied in the name of Christ
For anyone to heed the call
Too many people have died in the name of Christ
That I can't believe it all

And now I'm standing on the grave of a soldier that died in 1799
And the day he died it was a birthday
And I noticed it was mine
And my head didn't know just who I was
And I went spinning back in time
And I am high upon the altar
High upon the altar, high




Punch into Google search RELIGION AND WAR- VADAKAYIL.

Religion must teach-- peace, grace, love, fairness and compassion-- if not, what is it?

Dwell over it!


Some time back my Christian neighbor died and I was surprised to see a friend of mine at the house. So I asked him “ Do you know the guy?”

He said “ No. We are told by our church padre , to attend the funeral by phone. If we do NOT attend  we can get ex-communicated “

This set me thinking, what is all this?

More than 81 per cent of Indian Christians are low caste Christians and tribals.

Caste discrimination is strongest among Christians in South India much more than Hindus.

This is due to the fact that in South India, whole castes converted en masse into Christianity by foreign funded Christian missionary NGOs , by giving sops.

 

In the video below Sonia Gandhi's pet crypto Christian Chief minister YSR of Andhra Pradesh was allowed the use of state funds , to convert Hindus enmasse.   

This is his son in law brother Anil Kumar , (husband of Jagan Mohan Reddy's sister ) making an ass of the illiterate audience. Soul harvesting at its best-





There has been cases where in forests , the tribals are told by the missionaries that they have AIDS, and then told to utter Christian prayers ( Yesu Nama ) and then after a week they become OK, making them believe that Jesus the Lord is indeed taking care of them.



Above YSR was Hindu by day-- he is in Tirupati Temple where other religions are NOT allowed by law.

In some churches there are separate seats, separate communion cups ( real untouchability here ) , burial grounds, and churches for members of the lower castes, especially in the Roman Catholic Church.  

Catholic churches in India are largely controlled by 19% upper caste Christian priests and nuns. They take in all the moolah and comfort. When it comes to back breaking work in hot and scratchy areas, the low caste nuns and sent.

Out of the 157 catholic bishops, only 5 are from lower castes—and the Vatican knows about all this.

Indian law does not provide benefits for "Dalit Christians".

We must really examine this tilted playing ground.

Supreme court  Justice K. G. Balakrishnan asked: "Could the Christians admit that they practise caste system and that Dalits (among them) face social discrimination requiring reservation to uplift their cause? This is not all that easy”.

Christians in Kerala are amazingly divided into several clannish communities, including Syrian Christians and Latin Christians. Syrian Christians in Kerala consists of the members of Syro-Malabar Catholic Church, Syro-Malankara Catholic Church, Jacobite Syrian Church, Malankara Orthodox Syrian Church, Malankara Mar Thoma Syrian Church, and a few members of the Church of South India in Kerala. Syrian Christians maintain their traditional Syrian rites and practices. 

They derive status within the caste system from the tradition that they are converted high caste Hindus such as Namboodiris, Nairs and Jews (Israelites) who were evangelized by St. Thomas in 52 AD and prior Independence by the Portuguese and British..

Can you belive this? They used to go for a ritual bath to purify themselves on physical contact with the so-called inferior castes.  

Don’t get surprised. Joshua Project has identified  41,300 Christian denominations world wide.



During the 2nd World war Pope Pacelli Pius XII , killed more civilian people, than Hilter killed military and Jews. 

He murdered Christian Serbs of Orthodox Christian church ( Jasenovac ) and Gypsies , using his croat henchman Ante Pavelic – and this entire dead tally was off loaded on poor Hitler’s head. Kangaroo court and victors justice at its worst. All this was hidden before the Internet age.

Punch into Google search HOLOCAUST TOOK OVER FROM WHERE INQUISTION LEFT OFF- VADAKAYIL


On 28th July 2012, Charles Wilson and Te'Andrea Henderson wanted to hold their wedding at First Baptist Church of Crystal Springs, south of Jackson, USA.  But on the day before the wedding, the pastor of that church Dr. Stan Weatherford, came with some shocking news--they had to move the wedding because they were black.


 See the colour of the skin matters in USA, even if you are Christians.


Catholicism is an authoritarian regime-- monks, nuns, priests, monsignors, bishops, archbishops, cardinals, and popes, all giving and taking orders in an almost military manner. What can you expect—love?


Where in the Bible did Jesus give any middleman power over all men and land?  

Did Jesus ever create a new religion or create the brokering office of Pope with a HOT LINE?.

 



Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
NAZIS WERE MORE CULTURED AND KINDER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
ISRAELI OCCUPATION OF PALESTINE , NAZIS WERE BETTER HUMAN BEINGS , UN STATEHOOD FOR PALESTINE NOW -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




The subject line has been put to polls all over the world-- ( leaving aside the Islamic world , as they may be biased)  -- 43% of the world think that Zionist Jews of Israel are worse than Nazis. 

The whole world is pretending to sleep and expecting others to wake them up.  Today Israel's nuclear subs are within striking range of Iran.

Check out what ex- US President Jimmy Carter has to say in the video below .  We need deeds , NOT words.





In Palestine we see an occupation sustained by state terror condemned by the United Nations and almost every country in the world except Britain, America and a few stooge Pacific Islands..

Israel is a rogue terror state. 

Everyone not Jewish is considered inferior. Muslims are treated like subhumans. All human rights are denied. 

Resistance is called terrorism. Their crime is wanting to live free on their own land in their own country. 



Israel's deep influence on the U.S. mainstream media through AIPAC the slanted coverage of the Israeli-Palestinian crisis by the unethical mainstream media, is so apparent. The Jewish AIPAC Lobby tells US Congress what to do, today. 

Pathetic!

AIPAC is more powerful than Republicans or Democrats. It’s the most powerful force in Washington. 

….They literally own US Congress. If you own 435 Representatives and Senators you rule the world. 

US Congress gave 29 standing ovations to arrogant bully Benjamin Netanyahu when he spoke in Congress on May 24, 2011-- just try sitting and standing 29 times, yourself .

It so so well orchestrated— some Jews would stand up and start clapping, and then the rest would follow like sheep in George Orwell's classic Animal Farm.. 


PSSSSST- It was found later that majority, got up out of fear, as video cameras were recording the audience movements, and if anybody continued sitting , the chances of him/ her  being in the Congress again is very remote--such is the muscle of AIPAC. So much for American democracy.







Touting the usual Pro-Israel phrases ad nauseum, such as, “Our unbreakable commitment to Israel” or “Our shared values and deep ties” and certainly “A common commitment to democracy,” US senators make ridiculous nay, disgusting statements of obedience and ‘loyalty’…insuring for themselves continued campaign donations and perks from the Jewish AIPAC lobbyists and their malignant, malevolent engine of control and subjugation. 



All march To Israel’s drum---

 --- “dangers of a nuclear-armed Iran who play a dangerous role in the region, supporting terrorist organizations like Hamas to exploit the Israeli-Palestinian conflict.” (applause! clap—clap )

----“When we say that a nuclear-armed Iran is unacceptable, we mean it!” ( BRAVO—clap clap--more applause!) 

The ridiculous claim that America must support Israel's fight against terrorism because Israel is defending Western civilization (sic!) and America's interests is a giant and immoral lie.

The international community encourages Israeli lawlessness through silence or statements too weak-kneed to matter.

America's "till death do us part" relationship with Israel diminishes America's image as neutral, honest and fair.

   
America's psychological attachment to Israel has weakened America's political culture and American society as a whole. The whole world knows that it is absurd for America to bully and attack Iran, which does not have any nuclear weapons, while it shields Israel, a nation that has more than 400  nuclear weapons and has stated that it will use them if push came to shove, even against European nations



Fourth Geneva's Article 53 states:
"Any destruction by the Occupying Power of real or personal property belonging individually or collectively to private persons, or to the State, or to other public authorities, or to social or cooperative organizations, is prohibited, except where such destruction is rendered absolutely necessary by military operations."




Israel scoffs and dares all .  It spurns all international law and its own because who'll hold it accountable? 

Destruction of Palestinian property has nothing to do with military necessity. Israel does what it wants with impunity because world leaders who matter literally let it get away with murder.

Imagine being Palestinian and enduring this for 46 years and still counting.

USA is worried about dictator ship of Iraq and Libya, but they don't care about the dictatorship in the middle east, for these dictator kings are their type of dictators, who will given them cheap oil, and salt away the money in their Rothschild held banks.

Rothschild stooge Churchill engineered the First World war using the sinking of passenger ship Lusitania as an excuse to draw America in. This ship was sunk by Churchill ( whose mother Jenny Jerome is Rothschild )  himself, everybody knows this. This started the FIRST world war, and the necessity of the Barflour Declaration in 1916 for the creation of Israel. 



The British Christians did not even know about this Barflour declaration. Rothschild stooge Churchill engineered the SECOND world war too, using Pearl Harbour as an excuse to draw America in the war again. 

After the second world war, Israel came into proper existence. All this talk about 6 million Jews getting exterminated is all bull. The actual count is 1/6 of this.If you contest this number there are 18 countries whose laws created by Rothschild will send you to jail. 

Zionism was the ideology for the creation of Israel. Zionists are the equivalent of Taliban. Muslims are NOT Taliban. Same way Jews are NOT Zionists. 


Over time once they got the toehold Zionism degenerated and did massive propaganda about the concept of the PROMISED LAND for the Jews. 

None of the Jews in Israel are from Palestine. They are Khazars from the Georgia area.  Original Judeans are related by blood to Kerala people. I am from Kerala.

It is all a big lie, the Rothschilds cooked up. Since Palestine was "liberated" by the British from the Ottomans, they have known no peace, security or happiness.  

With the blessings of the Jewish moneybags in USA, the Palestinians became stateless in their own land vide UN resolution 181. 



Along with their land , their rights too were snatched away. Israel with full help of the Rothschild West fought with Egypt, Jordan, Syria and Iraq, and snatched away 50% of the land given to Palestine, in 6 months flat.. The snatched away Syrian Golan heights now give fresh water to Israel.

This snatched away illegally area includes the full of sea of Galilee, the coastal area, NW Jerusalem, LEAVING ONLY WEST BANK AND GAZA STRIP with the original people who have been staying here for millenniums . 

800000 Palestinians had to run for their lives, from the snatched away land --with the full world and UN as mute spectators. Who cares for Muslims? They are NOT Christians or Jews , right?. 

The middle east kingdom and Islamic country rulers are more concerned about their personal ILLGOTTEN money , salted and stashed away in USA and Swiss Jewish banks , -- which stand to be frozen by Rothschild bankers , if they open their mouths too wide or stick their necks out too much. 



These refugees only desire is to return back to their homeland. Israel now exercised supervisory authority over 97% of West bank  and 41% of Gaza strip, both of which fall under autonomous Palestinian authority. Palestinians living in West bank and most of Gaza strip cannot move freely.

Since the Oslo accords of 1993, Israel has been encouraging settlement of Jews in occupied territories , and so 50% of land has hard core and rabidly Jewish settlers, who are supported by Israeli army fire power. --all with the blessings of USA and the Zionists. 



Settlers build their houses only on fertile lands. Every Western media does biased reporting as the people are Muslims. Palestinians are referred to as terrorists. As per biased Western media, Palestinans ALWAYS die in cross fire. 

USA makes sure that Israelis are always innocent, and that they are being besieged by Palestinians--they NEVER EVER talk about occupied Palestinian land. Palestinians are always responsible for each and every act of violence. 

Israel is referred to as a country of stability ( sic!) in the middle east. 

Any reporting done by the western media is always the Israeli version.Israelis lead normal luxurious lives, like in Paris --all their buildings. hotels , swimming pools , Riveras and boulevards are built on Palestinian land. . Their children go to school. 

On the other side the children dont have any school to go to, or clean water to drink, and always prone to Israeli attacks. Jewish settlers have plenty of money, and live within the security of electric fences, while Palestinians have nothing --for they are Muslims, right? 

Every Western peace initiative is phony. 



At the time of harvest Israeli soldiers prevent Palestinians from reaching their lands. They can arrest any Palestinian without a warrant, and deliberately postpone court hearings. No fishing is allowed on the Gaza strip. 

All Palestinian produce have to go through Jewish middle-men, the art they have perfected over the millenniums. Only Jews can export. 

Thousands of centuries old  Palestinian olive trees have been hacked off using chain saws. Palestinians are free to work in Fagin and Shylock type Jewish sweatshops , at a pittance. 

If any Palestinian house is empty it would be destroyed by the Israeli soldiers, with proper huge bulldozers, all state sponsored. 



They play around with Palestinian settlement papers when it expires , so they they lose their social security and will now be in exile. 

They suck out the ground water,the whole idea is to make the people despair. If a Jew wants to shoot an Palestinian, he will NOT be stopped by the Israeli soldiers. 



When Palestinians are arrested for no reason without a warrant, they are NOT entitled to attorneys, or visits by their families. 

Every Jewish child is brainwashed that a Palestinian Muslim is his enemy. Palestinians cannot even build a memorial or a tombstone over their dead loved ones.



This bullshit has gone on far too long! 

Do we have a conscience? 

Are we animals?  Enough is enough!



Do we need a 3rd World War?  

We all know what the UN is worth and who controls it, right?

Iranians are NOT sissys. They know how to fight.  And soon the whole world will get sucked in. 




We all know the Jews have already created two destructive and mindless world wars, right?   

I was listening to a Palestinian pilot ( a refugee ) in one of the Gulf ports. In between he started crying, and then I was worried about the safety of my ship. Does anybody care?




See the video above-- BODY ORGAN HARVESTING is a multi-billion dollar industry.





20 years from now, I predict these Zionist goons to be in the dustbin of history, by a violent INTERNAL purge --and my predictions have always been right in the past..
********************************************************************
DANCE OF THE TERROR DRONES, WHITHER HONOUR? – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



UAV, THE DANCE OF US TERROR DRONES,  WHITHER COURAGE ? – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



I just read a news clip --

QUOTE:--
28th Sept 2012-- WASHINGTON: The US military's current fleet of drones will soon be overtaken by a new wave of robots that will be faster, stealthier and smarter -- operating virtually without human intervention, experts say.

The Pentagon is investing heavily in "autonomy" for robotic weapons, with researchers anticipating squadrons of drones in the air, land or sea that would work in tandem with manned machines --  with a minimum of supervision.

Now we're beginning to make them to see, hear and sense," Mark Maybury, chief scientist for the US Air Force, told AFP. We could use "robotic wingmen" to piloted aircraft.

Now the Air Force is planning for scenarios in which different tasks would be divided up among manned and unmanned "systems," with drones jamming enemy air defenses, tracking targets and assessing bomb damage, while piloted warplanes oversee the launching of bombs and missiles.
UNQUOTE--





Now—

Listen to what a PERCEPTIVE neutral man has to say.

SO THESE ARE THE MACHINES WHO WILL TAKE LETHAL DECISIONS FOR YOU, RIGHT?

India, China ,Russia etc have the IT technology to hack any US drone software in mid flight and to reverse battle orders. 

We also have the technology to blind US GPS satellites. We are NOT talking about local jamming and mining a GPS satellite orbit. 

As soon as the 3rd world war breaks out, the first thing which will be taken out are the enemy GPS satellites—make no mistake about this. 

Indian indigenous made Brahmos missiles at Mach 7 are faster than any of the NATO missiles  ( NATO max is Mach 4 ) even today.

Indian , Chinese and Russians students know very well how to “spoof” the GPS system of the drone, a technique that involves mimicking the actual signals sent to the global positioning device and then eventually tricking the target into following a new set of hostile commands. 

We know how to hack into  encrypted video you transmit to military common bases on the ground. Keylogger software can easily infect these systems, and a hijack program can capture  data from UAV surveillance missions and even take over control of the drones.

Dwell on this!



Now let me talk about the IMMORAL US DRONE.

Living under drones create fear among entire towns and villages . 

People are traumatised. They cant lead normal lives , with such a dire threat over their heads. This causes economic hardships . This tells on the psyche of people in due course.



Drone strike causalities are suppressed by the main stream Zionist held media. 

They are fed lies by so called “embedded reporters” who are trained to manufacture vulgar lies and lie through their teeth in a diabolical manner. They are trained to beat the lie detector machines. 

Even funerals and wedding have been snuffed out. Who cares? They are Muslims, right?

 The claim that US drone strikes are surgically precise and effective, and such strikes make America safe -- is a immoral lie.

Drone strikes may  involve "targeted killings."   But drone strikes are indiscriminate. Most of the killed human beings are innocent noncombatant civilians , including women and children.

Firsthand evidence confirms  that the so-called benefits trumped up by Obama administration does NOT exist.


Currently more than about one-third of US warplanes are drones.  Covert mean killing is official US policy.  Little about it gets reported.

Thousands of innocent civilians have been killed.  Casualty figures are suppressed. Eyewitnesses have provided damning testimonies. 

Legal experts all over the world have condemned US tactics, nullifying US administration officials claim that covert attacks anywhere in the world are legal.  International, constitutional, and US statute laws say otherwise.  

"The United States does not view our authority to use military force against al-Qaeda as being restricted solely to "hot" battlefields like Afghanistan."

International law experts disagree. State-sanctioned extrajudicial killings are lawless.  

US Congress hijacked by AIPAC never debated or approved them.. CIA enforces extreme secrecy. It won't admit their operations exist.

Legal experts opine that indiscriminate drone killings outside war theaters set a dangerous precedent. You don’t kill a person just because he is a Muslim who has written the naked truth ( hate speech for the criminals at the receiving end )

It is just a matter of time. All other countries will follow America's lead. They will mass produce drones like landmines. Manufacturing a drone is no big deal. Even a college student in India, Russia ,China etc can do it.

And you wont be able to outlaw it or stop it.



Do you realize the immense harm you are doing to this planet. You are allowing the whole world to be a theatre of war—with NO official hostilities declared.  

Drones hover twenty-four hours a day over certain areas  in northwest Pakistan, striking homes and public areas  without warning.

They  terrorize and traumatise the entire population . Children , the future pillars of society , unable to get sleep , develop paranoia at an early age.  The people are unable to protect themselves.

And this immoral and foul tactic of a DOUBLE TAP. 

Immediately after a drone bombing, that areas cannot be entered for upto 6 hours. As any time a second attack will come at this decimated hole. This is to make sure no rescuer will come near. Bleeding civilians are left to bleed to death. So that nobody can tell tales later. 


In god we trust is written on every US dollar, right? You guys are not godless –

OH yeah!

Traditional burials are impossible. All are crushed in a vice of fear. 

One day in future Hilter will be praised and these drone lords will be condemned. This is the Internet age.  Zionist held peer reviewed and monopolized media can no longer put the lid on the pandora’s box of truth.

Official US statements about drone killing keeping America safer is a insane and immoral lie. Only 1% of the victims are high level combatants.  

If it continues the same way, no American on the planet will be safe from retribution. Have you not seen the way US embassies were attacked even in peaceful India for the anti-Islam video.

Targeted killings also undermine respect for international and US rule of law principles. Transparency and accountability are absent. 

Robots cannot be declared criminals. This decision was a machine’s NOT ours. It was a horrible electronic glitch . Is this gonna be your rationale?  

Well it wont stick.

This is state sponsored terror. Drones are a DIRECT  indication of the psychological pulse of the evil men  in charge.

To be frank drones are for pussies.



Wanna see the Indian code of honour for war in 4000 BC?

Rules of engagement

The two supreme commanders met and framed “rules of ethical conduct”, dharmayuddha, for the war. The rules included:

• Fighting must begin no earlier than sunrise and end exactly at sunset.
• Multiple warriors may not attack a single warrior.
• Two warriors may “duel”, or engage in prolonged personal combat, only if they carry the same weapons and they are on the same mount (no mount, a horse, an elephant, or a chariot).
• No warrior may kill or injure a warrior who has surrendered.
• One who surrenders becomes a prisoner of war and will then be subject to the protections of a prisoner of war.
• No warrior may kill or injure an unarmed warrior.
• No warrior may kill or injure an unconscious warrior.
• No warrior may kill or injure a person or animal not taking part in the war.
• No warrior may kill or injure a warrior whose back is turned away.
• No warrior may attack a woman.
• No warrior may strike an animal not considered a direct threat.
• The rules specific to each weapon must be followed. For example, it is prohibited to strike below the waist in mace warfare.
• Warriors may not engage in any “unfair” warfare.

The first ever use of a unmanned drone happened in 4000 BC, on the 13th day of the Mahabharata war.

On the 13th day, Krishna ostensibly used the Solar eclipse to force Arjuna to kill Jayadratha who killed Arjuna's son, in the Chakravyuh maze.

 A lot of historians have dated the Mahabharata war based on this so called solar eclipse.. The Rig Veda written in 5000 BC explains the solar eclipse well. Panchavimsa Brahmana speaks of four different stages of an eclipse. It describes beautifully the changing colours during the solar eclipse.

Prince Arjuna had sworn to kill Jayadratha before sunset failing which he will commit suicide. The Kaurava army was successful in keeping Arjuna away from Jayadratha and sunset was nearing.

So Lord Krishna sent his Sudarshana Chakra which is a scalar interferometry based vortex, which created an sudden severe inversion in the atmosphere.

The atmospheric refraction reversed ,and the sun suddenly dipped below the visible horizon causing absolute darkness.

At this time there was a mighty cheer among the Kaurava ranks and Jayadratha peered out of his tent.
As per the rules of Dharma Yuddha it is NOT possible to kill an enemy after sunset.

As soon as Krishna saw Jayadratha he commanded Arjuna to behead him with an arrow and immediately restored the atmospheric refraction the usual way . The sun suddenly came up above the visible horizon.

While the fight was going on Lord Kṛṣṇa reminded Arjuna that the benediction of Śiva upon Jayadratha was that whoever would cause his head to fall on the ground would die at once. He therefore advised Arjuna to throw the head of Jayadratha directly onto the lap of his father, who was engaged in penances at the Samanta-pañcaka pilgrimage, thousands of miles away.  

This was done by Arjuna with an advanced version of the modern day intelligent drone—laser power beaming.  

Jayadratha's father deep in meditation was surprised to see a severed head on his lap, and he at once threw it to the ground out of reflex action. The father died immediately , his skull exploded into seven pieces .


Nazi Germany produced and used various UAV aircraft during the course of WWII, using 7000 year old Vimana blue prints stolen from India by Hitler . He fooled us by stating that the Germans are the Aryans. Today we know that Aryana migrated outwards. The British , Russian ( Arkaim ) and the Alaskan Stonehenge is made by Aryans who migrated outwards.

Punch into Google search :

SHIVKUR BAPUJI  TALPADE- VADAKAYIL

and 

THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA- VADAKAYIL

On Aug 11th 2003, the TAM-5 was the smallest UAV drone to cross the Atlantic in 38 hours 52 minutes

There is absolutely no evidence to show that drone strikes are effectively breaking up militant networks.
Albert Einstein defined madness as doing the same thing over and over again and expecting a different result.

The New York Times revealed that Obama adopted a policy that “in effect counts all military-age males in a strike zone as combatants. US militarism run amok—what else?



Hey, Obama if you have the guts do this to China instead of Pakistan, and check out how they drag you to Chinatown by your nostrils.

It's fiction to call the strikes "surgical."— Hey, Obama, why don’t you wear a white coat, with a stethoscope thrown over your shoulders for good measure?  Maybe the world might believe you.

Drones pulverize much more than the intended individual target.  The deadly shrapnels get projected to significant distances from ground zero.  Those who do survive drone strikes often suffer disfiguring burns and shrapnel wounds, limb amputations, as well as vision and hearing loss.

For USA sanctity of life is only for Christian and Jew religions and that too with white skin, right? Killing dirty whites and Muslims warrant no such sanctity right? Do your intelligent drones understand body hostile language too.

President Obama (Nobel Prize for peace winner ) do you feel that you deserve this prize?

Boeing is currently developing the Solar Eagle, a solar-powered UAV that will be able to stay aloft at very high altitudes for five continuous years.

Hey have you seen the way President Obama and Hillary Clinton, loosely using the word TRIANGULATION penned by the same daft speech writer?  

Remember when you triangulate, you cannot roll downhill by force of gravity. It requires some amount of perception to understand what I just said—let me leave it there.

Digression: What is a SNARK?  Snark is a method of debunking bullshit by a combination of biting sarcasm and  cynicism, to get a sane point across to the insane.  Oxford— shove this in your thesaurus!!



If your Snark be a fu#kin’ Snark, that is right
Fetch it home by all means—you may serve it with greens,
And it’s handy for striking a light.
You may seek it with thimbles—and seek it with care;
You may hunt it with forks and hope;
You may threaten its life with a railway-share;
You may charm it with smiles and soap—”



Killing Christ With A Drone…
by Gary Corseri / June 6th, 2012

leaves no mess behind.
No bloody, tortured, wracked remains
lovingly removed by tender hands,
captured by innumerable painters since–
Titian, Tintoretto–placed in a tomb only to rise
three days later–you know the rest.

“Where technology meets free markets”
some sonofabitch corporate wit
at some sonofabitch ad-hitman company,
provides the latest pentagon pimp
its current motto, gloriously displayed
in dying color at their website, showing,
30 billion dollars compressed into
the finest jet that ever killed
your mother, your kid, your spouse, yourself.

Targeted assassinations, pre-emptive strikes
brought to us by sleek cabals,
cannibalistic election-stealers,
crying “freedom… democracy… New World Order. …”
(but whatever happened to the “War on Poverty”?).

Twenty percent of the world’s wealth
owned by the top 1 percent of Americans
living behind their gates as in castles
protected by moats–and we’re back
in the age of dungeons and dragons,
Torquemada, the true faith, the iron maiden,
and Roman legionnaires
gambling for the sacred, gored mantle.

But I forget…
We’ve got a couple millennia of “progress” now.
No more mantle to gamble for,
unless you’re thinking to re-connect
the various atoms/electrons
by some kind of nano-tech wizardry.

Christ’s blood blasted into
ten billion droplets dispersed in the sky
falls in a pinkish mist
where free markets meet technology.



What do you call somebody who deliberately kills an  innocent bystander, to take out his “so called target “ guilty of a hate speech crime, and who poses NIL imminent danger. Did someone cry “Terrorist”? 

Can telling the truth be hate speech? When someone says all my 5 children were killed by bloody Americans—is that hate speech? 

By what yardstick? 

Artificial intelligence and drones can be fixed—stupidity cannot be fixed!

Some history for the un-initiated:-- Saddam Hussein, ( after intense discussions and a green signal from the US Ambassador to Iraq ), decided to invade Kuwait because they were slant drilling and sucking out oil illegally from a Iraqi oil field , using American company.  A rich man is NOT supposed to steal from a poor man. US ambassador  Glaspie told Hussein the US does will not interfere in this rightful  intra-Arab squabbles. Naïve Saddam  invaded Kuwait, considering Kuwait was carved out of Iraq by the Christian invader—the way Germany was divided .  Then, when the Saudi ruler was made paranoid by US double agents . The US ostensibly on invitation of Kuwait and Saudi rulers, went to war. And the placed troops in Saudi Arabia, getting Saudi national and billionaire Osama Bin Laden pissed off.

"The Global War” on Terror is just a justification for U.S. Imperialism—it is easy for any intelligent observer to understand. America is NOT at war with any of these nations they are targeting.

Only a few years back we saw Rambo 3 – a Hollywood movie starring Sylvester Stallone. At the end of the movie John Rambo , after single handedly pulverizing hundreds of heavily armed Russians , rides away leading a posse of Al Queda ( Mujaheddin ) with Osama Bin Laden in tow, to the land of freedom Pakistan. 

Who trained the Al Queda? Who armed and trained Saddam Hussian’s war machine?

As per US military—( Pakistani military says something else )
Obama has authorized “declared on paper –repeat-- declared on paper  ” 278 strikes - more than 80% of the total operations. 
CIA Drone Strikes in Pakistan 2004 – 2012
Total US strikes: 330
Obama strikes: 278
Total reported killed: 2,479-3,180
Civilians reported killed: 482-832
Children reported killed: 175
Total reported injured: 1,192-1,308 ( none of them were combatants )

"Things fall apart,  the centre cannot hold...The best lack all conviction, while the worst are full of passionate intensity" -W.B. Yeats

Drone murders are NOT a civilized way to settle political strife. Is this the code of honour American children are expected to imbibe?  I wish they see the movie “ Scent of a woman “ to understand human honour and spirit. Is this the black and white solution to your moral cosmos.

Why is the common Yank silent? Are you a lawless nation? 

Do you support your President’s adviser John Brennan  "US has the right to unilaterally strike terrorists anywhere in the world" .  If so, very soon China, Russia and India will mass produce superior hyper sonic drones by the millions.  

Your drones will soon come home to roost by millions – the way landmines did .  

And all the world will say “ You stupid Yank—you had it comin’!”  



I tremble for my country when I reflect that God is just- that his justice cannot sleep forever. Thomas Jefferson

They all know that  Presidents Ford, Carter and Reagan each individually issued executive orders banning assassination.  But by calling these drone kills "targeted killings" from military actions rather than assassinations, the Bush and Obama administrations circumvented the existing framework. 

After reading the entire post I would like you to check out the disgraceful and dishonourable DEF CODE of Jewish US President , General Eisenhower ( Ike ). 

Punch into Google search GENERAL EISENHOWER’S SECRET HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL. 

Be shocked out of  pants. 

All this came out in the Internet age.  This pins the white lie of “ Historically, the United States has been recognized as a paragon of virtue, the sole champion of decency and the rights of man , unlike evil empires where assassination is a brutal tool “ . Know the truth, set yourself free.

According to articles in US magazines , killer drones are directed from the comfort of facilities in the United States. "Pilots" dressed in flight uniforms holding a X-Box type joystick and staring at colorful video monitors fly the drones. 

At the end of the day after making X-Box type kills and mindless collateral damage in  Afghanistan or Pakistan, the "pilots" who put black tape on their name plates ,  go home to “their way of life” -- to barbecue dinners, the kids and TV. This carnage never appears in the mainstream media. 

Wither courage?  


Who knows the way things are going, one fine day these gruesome men without a conscience will expect ticker tape parades and medals—like Julius Caesar returning back to Rome after a glorious conquest.. 

Never mind that war has always been to control, and never to kill in a mindless manner. 

Wither wisdom? 

When one terrorist gets killed, 10 more rise.

These crew less robotic drones with fancy names such as Terminators, Predators, Reapers, Global Hawks and Phantom Rays and manufactured by the cost-over run specialists of military contracting – Raytheon, Boeing, Lockheed Martin, Northrop Grumman now dance to Obama’s lethal whims in Afghanistan, Pakistan, Yemen and elsewhere.



The Nobel Peace Prize winner was in office only three days -- Jan. 23, 2009 -- when he initiated a  drone attack , to show the world that he is NOT a democrat bum or wimp by targeting a Taliban redoubt in Pakistan.  

It missed.  Instead, five civilians were slaughtered in their home.  

At sea we know the meaning of “imminent danger “ – we don’t care for “clear and present Hollywood danger”
  
Have you ever seen pictures of drone victims on the Zionist monopolized mainstream media news? Have you ever seen blood and gore , with sound bytes of children crying in pain and mothers wailing through the night ?

Have you noticed this ? When ever a drone snuffs out a life he is reported to be a "terrorist mastermind" or a "Bin Laden's top lieutenant" or a "Taliban chieftain." . Why do they never give any names with pictures on TV and media. Is it because these dead souls might pop up live on Al Jazeera the next day?

No US president has ever carried out so many covert  targeted killings.  If I were a Muslim just by writing this piece I am eligible to be “droned out”.  “ Snuffed out”  can now be substituted by “Drone out” .

The Pakistanis sentiment is "We are at war with the most dangerous mass murderers on the planet."



When Obama became president ,the downtrodden people of the world, including the sidelined blacks ( except during Olympics ) of USA were overjoyed.  

When he got the Nobel prize for peace , people started suspecting —for this particular award is decided by the Bilderberg inner club. 

I have asked several American blacks including black officers from Homeland security, about Obama, and they say they will never vote for him again.  They are NOT willing to be misty eyed over Obama’s oratory and rhetoric anymore. 

Why this disconnect, he appears to be a decent man with a happy family. I guess it is all about the stain of him bending to the power of Benjamin Netanyahu, and allowing AIPAC to ride roughshod all over him?   

What is he feeling vulnerable about, he is US president right?   

Remember he is the same man who threw out Winston Churchill’’s bust out from his Oval office, and got the WOWs of the entire world. Winston’s mother Jenny Jerome is Rothschild of the banking cartel.  He fanned the flames of both world wars in order to carve out a homeland for the Jews. 

Judeans are NOT Jews.



2010 was Obama’s "year of the killer drone" with a declared  118 drone strikes and a declared 993 lives lost. We all know the 6 million declared figure of the Jews and we all know the declared figures of Iraqi women and children killed, right? We are NOT stupid.

Assassination has been outlawed by the US government as early as  1976, when US President Gerald Ford issued a presidential order 11905, Section 5(g), banning them. But here the president himself is involved, with zilch fear of being impeached. 

What irony, when Bill Clinton was about to be impeached over the Monica Lewinsky affair, he used the Afghan bombing as a decoy, to divert public attention. And American public attention can very easily be diverted, unlike their Europeans counterparts.

 Most of the time CIA uses civilian contractors and mercenaries.

As any US student in any US military academy . he will read out the rules. We Indians know this as we have exchange programs and all this is available in the library and even the Internet.

According to the current US Military code of war, killing has to be consistent with four key principles: military necessity, distinction, proportionality, and humanity. Imminent danger is something which only a human brain can comprehend—no computer has such perception. 



Can any computer recognize a joke? Can any computer listen to a story and tell its moral, like “Unity is strength” or “ a stitch in time saves nine”—which even a retarded child can?

These drones, are just targeted assassination machines , used covertly by people sitting in corridors of power, who do NOT want be be declared as war criminals. They shove in vested embedded reporters who are trained to lie and beat lie detector machines . 

That is what these drones do,  extrajudicial murders . None of the people who die have not been convicted of anything. There is NO war declared, to change the rules of the game , right?

US has been tremendously underplaying the level of civilian casualties by as much as 91 percent as per the victims. 

Victors write history, and nobody cares for the losers version , right? 

Wrong!

This is the Internet era!!

These drone strikes have made it easy for militant groups to hire jihadists who are willing to blow themselves up to avenge the gruesome deaths of their loved ones. If a son sees his whole family decimated in front of him, what are his options? 

What will you yourself do? Be honest. 



The American do NOT have the wisdom to understand that drone attacks boost terrorism and the terror network of sympathizers  I am an Indian Hindu, traditional enemies of the Pakistani Muslims. You must understand that my views are as a neutral observer.



Killing of innocent people who happen to be related to a outlaw, or are standing nearby him, or living around him  is totally mindless and illegal.

Why is there a need for drone strikes deep in desperately poor nations who do NOT have air power to defend or retaliate , and whom you have already bombed back into the stone age?

If Americans were being targeted, would they accept murder and terrorism by foreign drones?

Indiscriminate strikes by predator drone on people who cant defend themselves is NOTHING by disgraceful state sponsored terror.  Raining terror from the sky is NOT gonna make America safer. State sanctioned extra-judicial murders WITHOUT IMMINENT THREAT merit "war criminal" charges.  

When other countries starts mass producing better quality drones, the whole of USA and its ally countries will become a theatre of death. 

Nobody retains power for ever. No country can remain No1 country for too long, even by deceit.  

In a few years China will overtake USA, then India.  Two thousand years back, Italy and Rome was on top, right?  Today where are the Romans ?

“Change we can believe in” President Obama (Nobel Prize for peace winner ) do you really feel that you deserve this prize?

USA was a nation that respected the rule of law.

What happened?

You must stop this NOW!.



DRONES BREED TERRORISTS— 
DRONES WILL COME HOME TO ROOST-- 
BE WARNED!!.
********************************************************************
THE DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF MAHATMA GANDHI- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF MAHATMA GANDHI BY LEO TOLSTOY AND HERMANN KALLENBACK,   GROOMING OF INDIAN COMMUNIST PARTY FOUNDER MN ROY BY EVELYN TRENT-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This contents of this post cannot be re-produced without referring to this blogsite as the source . This information is being revealed for the first time on this planet. 


We will NOT allow true history to be fudged by the white historian or by Wikipedia  !

Gandhi recruited 13 lakh ( 1.3 million ) Indian soldiers in the first world war – out of which 111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers were killed .


Gandhi recruited  25 lakh ( 2.5 million ) Indian soldiers in the second World war.   Out of this 243000 ( 2.43 lakh)  soldiers were killed.

When I started this blog 2 years ago, I had promised that I would exhume sunk world history. Well I have just begun. 

I could have written all this in 1977 in a book and made mucho dinero..

I have seen all Gandhi specific places of interest in South Africa. Have been to his houses in Porbander and elsewhere.

We Indians have been at the receiving end of world history . We have watched silently even as Germans stole our ancient Swastika symbol,( inscribed on Lord Ganesha's palm) , in as much as conceding that the Aryan white man who invaded India wrote our priceless Vedas etc. 

Today, in this Internet and DNA age we know that Aryans migrated outwards in 4000 BC, when the river Saraswati dried up due to a tectonic shift making the river non-perennial.  

Today we know that every language, religion, knowledge base is an offshoot of Hinduism and we Indians made the British and Arkaim Russian Stonehenges.

What follows will shock all of you.

Every single Indian will wonder after reading this post-- how the hell is it possible that we intelligent Indians have been fooled-  nay- made asses a wicked Jew like this.

Bagha Jatin would have been the " Father of our nation" instead of Mahatma Gandhi.

He was a tough Joe who killed a full grown Bengal tiger with a dagger, after a long struggle, where the tiger nearly stripped him off his flesh.



One Czechoslovakian TRIPLE AGENT Emanuel Viktor Voska under the payroll of Rothschild upset the Indian quest for independence apple cart.



Woodrow Wilson revealed the Bagha Jatin conspiracy to Rothschild , who was running the British Raj in India.. Woodrow Wilson the President Of USA., showed his gratitude to Rothschild, for it was he who installed Wilson in the White House.

Voska conveyed the information about the looming Indian conspiracy via Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk to Rothschild .  

A grateful Rothschild crowned Masaryk too.  He was made the First President of Czechoslovakia in 1918. Tomas Garrigue Masaryk, was "allowed"  by Rothschild to lead Czechoslovakia to independence from the Austrian empire in 1918, and become a natural hero..



Today Tel Aviv has a Masayrk square.  Rothschild controls 80% of Israel today.

In 1912, Charles Crane ( the US agent of Rothschild ) financed the election campaign of Thomas Woodrow Wilson (1856 - 1924), who in 1913, became the American President.  



Crane became his counselor in the White House, to keep a hawk's eye on him. Charles Richard Crane (1858–1939) was a crypto Jew who always pretended to be anti-semitic in the media.

In 1913 Woodrow Wilson was installed by Rothschild in the US President’s chair , on the express condition that he must sign the US Federal Reserve act into law. 



At the time the act was frustrated in Congress from passing.  The cunning Jews moved, days before the Christmas of 1913 when the majority of the Congress men were enjoying at home with their families --the Federal Reserve act was voted in. And Wilson true to his promise to Rothschild, made it law. 

The US dollar is printed in the Fed reserve—which is owned by Rothschild, NOT the government of USA , as all naïve yanks think.

President Wilson  dragged America into the First War for the Jews, after being elected on the promise of keeping America out of the war. Churchill,  made it easy for him with the US Congress, by sinking the sister ship of Titanic Lusitania.

 The most important reason Rothschild banking cartel wanted America in World War One, was because they were now in control of the American money supply via the Fed Reserve. They needed the American government to take massive war loans and hook them into debt to the Jewish banks faster and on a fast pace.

These people are the top masterminds and conspired with Rothschild for the  creation of illegal FEDERAL RESERVE BANK in 1913: Theodore  Roosevelt, Paul Warburg - Representative of Rothschild,  Woodrow Wilson - U.S. President Signed FED Into Act, Nelson  W. Aldrich - Representative of Rockefeller, Benjamin Strong  - Representative of Rockefeller, Frank A. Vanderlip -  Representative of Rockefeller, John D. Rockefeller -  Rockefeller Himself, Henry Davison - Representative of J.  P. Morgan, Charles Norton - Representative of J. P. Morgan.

When World War I broke out in 1914, "triple agent" of Rothschild, Viktor Voska, worked in liason with US President Woodrow Wilson,  to put his networks to work for the Rothschild , where they scored a number of important coups. 

With Voska’s help,  they smashed German efforts to supply weapons to Bagha Jatin’s anti-British armed Indian revolt, to Irish nationalist groups, both in Ireland and in the United States.  Voska also uncovered spy activities by the German Ambassador in Washington and caught an American journalist doubling as a German agent.

I suggest reading American publicist of Czech origin Ross Hedvíček's  book "Spy and Counterspy" published in 1940, written together with W. Irwin.  



He wrote “Had E. V. Voska not interfered in this history, today nobody would have heard about Mahatma Gandhi and the father of the Indian nation would have been Bagha Jatin...

In 1948, the Communists ( basically Rothschild's coup ) staged a coup and took over Czechoslovakia. But then SPENT CURRY LEAF Voska was arrested and put on trial for treason.  

Even though he was now an old man of 75, he fought hard against the charges, arguing that being then an American citizen, nothing he might have done could have been considered treasonous. Voska spent the next ten years in prison. In 1960, the communists finally released the 85-year-old Voska, but he died, a free man, a few days later.
  
President Woodrow Wilson was the fairy godmother who provided Jew Trotsky with a passport to return to Russia to "carry forward" the revolution. This American passport was accompanied by a Russian entry permit and a British transit visa.  

Jennings C. Wise, in Woodrow Wilson: Disciple of Revolution, makes the pertinent comment, "Historians must never forget that Woodrow Wilson, despite the efforts of the British police, made it possible for Leon Trotsky to enter Russia with an American passport."
  
We have ignored one of the priceless Jewels of India. How many streets in India and named after Gandhi? How many are named after Bagha Jatin?

The British rulers themselves have said, if this man as English we would have made a statue of  Bagha Jatin all over England, right next to Nelson.

The British Officer who shot Bagha Jatin , after his bullets of his Mauser pistol ran out said " Bagha Jatin  would have set Indian free by violence much before Gandhi arrived in India from South Africa".

Super naive , Gandhi was brainwashed with a SATYAGRAHA NON-VIOLENT CONCEPT by crypto Jew Leo Tolstoy first, and then by a handpicked German Jew Hermann Kallenback in the direct employment of Rothschild,  who stayed with him  as a bed room mate.


To facilitate this Gandhi was forced to kick out his own wife, from his vicinity--for Kasturba had a centering influence of Gandhi. 

She would have smelt a rat.  

Gandhi was on a grandiose trip.



This has raised aspersions all over the world that Gandhi and Hermann Kallenback were both gay and they were engaged in rampant debauchery and homo-sexual activity.

 A Jew by the name of Joseph Lelyveld ( a Zionist and Pulitzer prize winner ) wrote a yellow decoy book “Great Soul: Mahatma Gandhi and His Struggle With India”—alluding to sordid sexual activity between two men . That Mahatma Gandhi and Hermann Kallenback , using Vaseline on each other , while both were at Tolstoy Farm in South Africa .

Pulitzer is a prize awarded by Columbia University USA.  Columbia university was made with Opium drug money by Rothschild. Rothchild was the owner of British East India Company, who grew Opium in India and sold it in China.
  
The headlines of UK’s Daily Mail, Britain’s second-largest newspaper, and many other Zionist held newspapers and media all over the world screamed, “Gandhi left his wife to live with a male lover, new book claims”-- and this made the day of the Christian white invaders.

The Wall Street Journal's review states the book depicts Gandhi as "a sexual weirdo, a political incompetent, a fanatical faddist, implacably racist, and a ceaseless self-promoter, professing his love for mankind as a concept while actually despising people as individuals."
  
Lelyveld quotes correspondence between Gandhi and Kallenbach, including excerpts from the latter's diary, with language that seems suggestive of a homosexual relationship, with Gandhi speaking of his Hermann Kallenbach as "Lower House," and of himself as "Upper House," and saying that cotton-wool and Vaseline were a constant reminder of their "mutual love"

In a letter written from a London hotel during a trip to lobby British authorities in 1909, for example, Gandhi’s infatuation with Kallenbach is clear: “Your portrait (the only one) stands on my mantelpiece in the bedroom. The mantelpiece is opposite the bed.”

Politicians in India have generally and across the political spectrum denounced the book and demanded it be banned as being allegedly defamatory, with the Government of Gujarat under Narendra Modi banning the book as "perverse in nature... hurting the sentiments of those with capacity for sane and logical thinking," and demanding a "public apology" from Lelyveld, and with Federal Law Minister Veerappa Moily of the Governments of India and Industries Minister Narayan Rane of the Government of Maharashtra promising to ban it.

The State Assembly of Gujarat (with a population of more than 50 million), where Gandhi was born, voted unanimously to ban the book immediately after the state’s chief minister, Narendra Modi, said it “deserves to be despised.”.  Its publication “shall not be tolerated under any circumstances,” Chief Minister of Gujarat Modi declared, according to the Associated Press.

Whenever they were apart, they sustained a frequent and intense correspondence. Only half of their letters survive today; Gandhi systematically destroyed all of what he described as Kallenbach’s ”logical and charming love notes” to him.

Gandhi’s 13 letters to Kallenbach, however, were put up for auction decades after the death of the two men, and were eventually acquired by the National Archives of India.


  
Lelyveld Arthur Joseph , a rabbi  received his B.A. from Columbia University in 1933 . He was instrumental role in obtaining critical American recognition of the newly formed State of Israel. Lelyveld was a contributor to the Universal Jewish Encyclopedia. He was a veteran of four decades with the New York Times,owned by Rothschilds, where he served as executive editor from 1994 to 2001.

The book has not yet been released in India.
  
Sotheby's quick to make money out of Indian misery,  immediately decided to sell the letters between Mahatma Gandhi and Hermann Kallenback.

They put a pre-sale estimate of between £500,000 and £700,000 on the collection of letters.  The sale was pulled after red faced Indian authorities agreed to purchase the entire archive for around £700,000 (60 million rupees).

Sotheby's said in a terse statement: 'The Gandhi-Kallenbach archive... has been sold in a private transaction to the Indian government on 10th July 2012.'
  
German Jew Kallenback was a  skilled ice-skater, swimmer, cyclist and gymnast, and an architect.  In 1904 he was told by German Jew Rothschild  to befriend  Gandhi, who was then working in South Africa.   In 1910 , on Rothchild’s orders Kallenbach, donated to Gandhi his 1100 acre (4 km²)  farm near Johannesburg. 
  
After Gandhi was fully brainwashed and baked he was exported from South Africa and imported to India by Rothschild in a covert manner, to introduce " show the other cheek" non-violent passive resistance. The whole of India was made aware by Rothschild held and their Opium agents Parsi held media.

The owner of British East India Company, German Jew Rothschild killed two bird with one single stone. He managed to curb growing violence in India-- in as much as Britain was forced to move the Capital of the Raj from Calcutta and flee to New Delhi.
  
Viceroy Charles Hardinge told Britain on 28 May 1911, (totally shaken up, after being the target of several  assassination attempts) told the same thing which forced a furious Rothschild to sack his predecessor Viceroy Minto ( Gilbert Elliot Murray Kynynmound )  --  “In my opinion, nothing can be worse than the condition of Bengal and Eastern Bengal. There is practically no Government in either province…It is better to shift the Capital from Calcutta to Delhi,  and call Gandhi to India from South Africa  ”

 Rothschild using their blood relative Winston Churchill  needed "their type of non-violent freedom fighter  to take over the reins of Indian freedom fighting.  The "well planned" 1st world war to carve out the state of Israel was drawing close. 

They needed Gandhi to recruit at least 2.5 million Indian soldiers as cannon fodder, to be used in the most dangerous sectors of battle in WW2. 



Though 111000 Indian soldiers ( 1.11 lakh ) died for Britain in the First World War , ( the wounded tally is much more ) there is NO memorial for any of them.   

2.43 lakh ( 2,43 000 ) Indian soldiers died for Britain in the Second World War.


More Indian soldiers died than any other race or nationality.  

Yet they were counted among the mules and donkeys-- unsung, unheard. 



Above picture: -- " Hi Indians, I am the MAHATMA -- you must join the British army and  fight -- killing Germans is NOT violence.   But killing our dear British rulers , and driving them away from India is VIOLENCE--  and I wont allow that!  Remember I am the chosen messiah on the driver's seat of our freedom struggle !!

Brave Indian soldiers were used in the suicidal areas on the Western Front, in the "deadly" Battle of Gallipoli, in the Sinai, Palestine, Mesopotamia Campaigns, the Siege of Kut and in the Battle of Tanga in East Africa.



Winston Churchill was catapulted from a Mr. Nobody to the "most famous Englishman " and to the world stage by mind boggling deceit-- the way Rothschild always did. They engineered a great escape for him by bribing the Boers , and gave him the highest bravery medal. 



Churchill’s fame would grow to legendary rock star status as he escaped from the captors, -- huge bribes were paid by Rothschilds to make this Cinderella drama happen.  Rothschild has monopolized the English media by then.

Churchill headed to Europe as a awesome celebrity to write, and lecture amongst the European countries.  He was the toast of every English town.

He was catapulted to First Lord of the Admiralty ( Oct 1911 ), at the young age of 37, a post usually given to old grey haired men--


  
Kallenbach was micro managing Gandhi throughout the Satyagraha (non-violent resistance) struggle, while they stayed as room mates in Tolstoy farm, --1100 acres of prime land with fruit trees all given FREE to Gandhi. 

They were supposed in platonic love, which lasted in South Africa until 1914. It was all about brainwashing and micro-managing .

Naive Gandhi did NOT realise that nothing comes free! He was trapped in the Chakravyuh of such an expensive gift, the way a girl would open out her legs when she is given a diamond ring.

The form of resistance that Gandhiji devised was unique: satyagraha.  He would patiently appeal to the good sense of the Christian whites, while also refusing to follow their laws that he regarded evil.  He was willing to suffer punishment for breaking these laws, but refused to hate the invading white men. 

This is NOT what our Bhagawat Gita says-- Gita allows to give MOOH TODH JAWAAB TO SUCH INJUSTICE !

The British imported Gandhi to India via his mentor Chitpavan Jew -nay - brahmin Gopal Krishna Gokhale , to disarm and demoralise the patriotic violent revolutionaries of India, like  Gandhi was asked to travel to hot bed of nationalist fervor Bengal to extinguish the fire of violent freedom struggle .

Gandhi deplored Tilak on the charge of inciting Indians against British rule. Gandhi chastised all other tall  Indian leaders, because they were in favour of immediate independence.  Any idiot can see that all such utterances of Gandhi overjoyed the British invaders. 

Sir Samuel Hoare, the Viscount of Templewood , made a comment that "Gandhi was one of the best friends of the British".
  
Even today have you seen the way Jews and AIPAC uses the word HATE to screw you?  You can get thrown in jail for hate speech like " See this Jew killed all my children and my wife" .  

First of all you cant call a JEW a JEW unless he is getting the Nobel prize, an award which Zionists  manipulate. 

Digression:  22% of all Nobel prize winners ( 185 numbers ) are Jews, who form a minuscule 0.192 % of world population.  

The paradox is that when they compete with the rest of the world in a Western University technical entrance exam or Maths Olympiad or IQ test, they come a cropper.   

41% of Economics Nobel prize winners are Zionist Jews.  Only they understand dirty money, right?  

The anti-wall street protesters will agree.  1.5 billion Muslims have received just 3 Nobel prizes.  We will NOT talk about Muslims who got joint Peace prizes along with Jews  or corny literature prizes for toeing the Zionist line.  

1.4 billion Chinese and 1.2 billion Indians making up 3 out of 6 people on earth do NOT have brains to get a Nobel prize, right?  Yet it is strange inconsistency that if you go to any US university, the Computer Science and Electronic strain classes (which require brains and competition ), have only Indians and Chinese , with a sprinkling of whites.  

Does the Nobel prize have any meaning, when the only time a Muslim gets it for peace , is for throwing mud on Muslims, on behalf of Jews?

Secondly for telling the fist hurt the broken nose and not vice versa is "revisionist" which requires a jail term. 
There are 18 European countries with this slanted law. 

If you reduce the 6 million Jews killed figure in all these big brother run countries you can be thrown into jail and be raided by the IRS, to make you a pauper.

Enough of riff raff --
  
Bagha Jatin , a young Bengali leader , had a large scan international plan, to import a ship full of arms and ammunition, land it on the Orissa coast. 

The covert operations spearheaded by Bagha Jatin from India , spanned from USA ( Har Dayal / MN Roy ) to England ( Shyamji Krishna Varma ) to Germany ( Champakaraman Pillai ) to Paris ( Madame Cama for logistics ) to Singapore to Japan ( Rash Behari Bose /Nair San ) to India.  



Above Nair San



Below Har Dayal ( Professor at Stanford University--sacrificed his job  ) . In April 1914, on Rothschild's orders , he was arrested by the United States government for spreading anarchist literature and he jumped bail and fled to Berlin, Germany. He subsequently lived for a decade in Sweden.




On 15th Feb 1915, the entire Singapore British Indian soldiers of the 5th Light infantry  revolted. It  was crushed in 7 days flat, by the British using Sikhs. 



47 of these soldiers were lined up and shot.  The rest were shipped away to a prison in East Africa, never to be seen again. The POW sailors from German SMS Emden were eye witnesses. 




Chempakaraman Pillai was on the German naval battleship SMS EMDEN, when she bombarded Madras.

You must remember in 1857, when the whole of India went against the British rule as one, it was the Sikhs who crushed the war of Independence--called as Sepoy's Mutiny. 

The Sikhs got ample help from Mahar Regiment , the Dalit caste from Maharashtra, under the leadership of BR Ambedkar's grandfather. .BR Ambedkar was Rotshchild's No 2 friend , after Gandhi, for he helped to break the giant of Hinduism into caste fragments. 

The low caste dalits were angry that high caste Hindus would NOT drink from the same cup--yet they did NOT care that a Christain white invader  man would NOT allow them in the same room. 

BR Ambedkar had written several times that British rule is better than Indian rule. He did NOT spend a single minute in fighting for freedom with the rest of India. He was educated in Rothschild owned opium funded Columbia University.

I will be dedicating a  separate post on Bagha Jatin-- so that current gods like Italian Madame Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi etc know that such a person existed.  It is another matter this duo ( who will cheer for Italy in a Italy vs India volleyball match ) may hate him just because he was a Hindu. .

Much later Subhash Chandra Bose would try the same thing as Jatin Bagha-- after being implored by Rash Behari Bose.  Today we all talk about Subhash Chandra Bose. 

Nobody talks about Bagha Jatin and Rash Behari Bose. 

This duo has been sunk nay deleted by Gandhi and Nehru--the same way the Zionists deleted Nikola Tesla from history, for NOT giving them the secrets of scalar wave howitzers or EMPs.. (World War 3 will be fought with scalar weapons and NOT with nuclear bombs).

Gandhi was sent from South Africa in London on 10 July, 1909 by Rothschild and was there till 13 November, 1909 ( for briefing ).  

On 2 July, 1909, Madanlal Dhingra had assassinated Sir Curzon Wylie.  

Gandhi was made to read Tolstoy’s ‘Letter to a Hindoo’, ostensibly written in reply to the letter of Tarak Nath Das, an Indian who advocated the violent approach.  

Tolstoy’s letter explained why non-violent resistance as a resolve by Indians to become free were the only solution.

Gandhi was softened up nice and proper , made to feel like the cat’s whiskers and encouraged  to write to Tolstoy (1 October, 1909), asking for permission to print 20000 copies of the non-violent blueprint letter to a Hindoo” for distribution and having it translated. 

He had ‘taken the liberty’ to write the letter ‘in the interests of truth, and in order to have your advice on problems the solution of which you have made your life-work.’   

Gandhi concluded: ‘True freedom is to be found—only in such a life. That is the kind of freedom we want to achieve . If India were to achieve such freedom, that indeed would be swarajya.’ 

Gandhi had told Rev. J.J. Doke, his first biographer (1909): ‘It was the New Testament of Bible which really awakened me to the rightness and value of Passive Resistance. When I read in the Sermon of Jesus on the Mount such passages as “Resist not him that is evil - -” I was simply overjoyed, and found my own opinion confirmed when I least expected it.  Tolstoy’s The Kingdom of God Is Within You gave it a permanent form.’

Good grief-- wait a minute, I must cry now--     

( Sniff!  BOOOO HOOOOOOOO! )

On the return journey from London to Durban by ship (13 to 22 November, 1909), Gandhi translated Tolstoy’s ‘Letter to a Hindoo [dated December 14, 1908]’ into Gujarati. He wrote ‘PREFACE TO LEO TOLSTOY’S “LETTER TO A HINDOO” [the Gujarati translation]. 

Some brainwashed extracts are: ‘Real courage and humanity consists in not returning a kick for a kick.  This is the core of Tolstoy’s teaching.’

Gandhi wrote -- Tolstoy gives me a simple answer -  . We are our own slaves, not of the British.’ ( what a priceless joke!)  ‘The central principle of his teaching is entirely acceptable to me, and it is set out in the letter given below.’

Check out his muddled thinking-- Good grief!
   
‘A commercial shipping company enslaved a Indian nation comprising 300 million - - - thirty thousand English people, not athletes but rather weak and ill-looking, have enslaved 300 millions of vigorous, clever, strong, freedom-loving people?  Do not the figures make it clear that not the English but the Indians have enslaved themselves?’
  
Tolstoy wrote to Gandhi (8 May, 1910)” Passive resistance—is a question of the greatest importance not only for India but for the whole humanity.’

In his fourth letter to Leo Tolstoy (15 August, 1910), a brainwashed Gandhi tell Tolstoy about his new dear friend ( planted by Leo Tolstoy himself ) Kallenbach’s letter regarding setting up of Tolstoy Farm near Johannesburg for the Indian passive resisters’ struggle in Transvaal. " Kallenbach had gone through most of the experiences that Tolstoy had described in his work My Confessions"

  

Tolstoy wrote a brain formatting letter back to Gandhi  (7 September, 1910),  " Love is the aspiration for communion and solidarity with other souls - - the supreme and unique law of human life - -. - - - That law of love has been promulgated by all the philosophies—Indian, Chinese, Hebrew, Greek and Roman. - - it had been most clearly expressed by Christ -  - If the law of love cannot exist, therein remains no other law except that of violence, that is, the right of the mighty-- Socialism, Communism, Anarchism, Salvation Army, the growing criminalities, unemployment and absurd luxuries of the rich, augmented without limit, and the awful misery of the poor, the terribly increasing number of suicides—all these are the signs of that inner contradiction which - - can only be resolved by acceptation of the law of love and by the rejection of all sorts of violence. Consequently, your work in Transvaal - - is yet the most fundamental and the most important to us supplying the most weighty practical proof in which the world can now share - -." He closed the letter ‘With my perfect esteem’. BLAH BLAH BLAAH!

Good grief !  

Sniff-- 

I must cry some more!   BOO HOOOOOOO!!
  


Gandhi wrote to Kallenbach that  had found ‘many gems to be picked up’ from Tolstoy’s pamphlets  such as, ‘The salvation of men from the calamities which they inflict upon themselves can be realized only in that degree in which they are guided in their lives, not by advantages, not arguments, but by religious consciousness;- -.’  He also wrote: ‘If Tolstoy was the greatest reformer of his age in Europe, he owed it to his doctrine of non-resistance.’ And, he could not accept ‘qualified acceptance of Tolstoy’s teaching’.

On Tolstoy’s birth centenary  on 9 September, 1928, and Gandhi delivered a memorable speech on this occasion, which included following pearls: When I went to England, I was a votary of violence - -. After I read this book, that lack of faith in non-violence vanished.  Tolstoy was a great advocate of non-violence in his age. - - - - no one in India or elsewhere who has - - tried to follow it as sincerely as he did.
I want everyone to learn three things from Tolstoy’s life-- choose self-restraint. We should resolve never to ‘give up the pursuit of truth’, for which the only right path is that of non-violence, which again ‘means an ocean of love’

See now I have crossed the threshold of pain--after that you enjoy-- 

TEEE   HEEEEEEEEEE




After India got Independence in 1947, Britain had no use for USED CURRY LEAF Gandhi anymore. And Gandhi was quick to realise that. 

He kept away from the British after that, for now it was the turn of Nehru, to get brainwashed via Edwina Mountbatten . 

Hermann Kallenback was for Gandhi, the same as Nehru was for Edwina.  Both reported to Rothschild's stooge Winston Churchill. Edwina was a Rothschild.

An Indian spy ( British soldier ) traitor Kirpal Singh gave away crucial information about the Gaddar Conspiracy in Feb 2015. D day set for 21 February 1915, details of the date and places found their way to Punjab CID through Kirpal Singh, recruited at the last minute.  



Sensing infiltration, a desperate Rash Behari brought forward the D-Day to the 19th, but carelessness allowed Kirpal Singh to report this advance date to British authorities in the nick of time.  Kirpal Singh was caught by the would-be mutineers, but he managed to make good his escape under the ploy that he wanted to take a crap or he would soil his pants.
  
The D day was on 21st Feb 1915.  The Bengal cell under Jatin Bagha  was to look for the Punjab Mail entering the Howrah Station the next day (which would have been cancelled if Punjab was seized) and was to strike immediately. 

British soldiers in Burma , Singapore would revolt and strike same day. The Indian Freedom fighters incarcerated in Andaman Cellular Island would be armed with guns and landing on Indian shores, to run over the British. 100 Germans soldiers lead by an Naval Officer Von Muller  would be co-ordinating the attacks.

Rash Behari Bose escaped from Lahore and in May 1915 fled to Japan. Other leaders, including Giani Pritam Singh, Swami Satyananda Puri and others fled to Thailand.  Jatin and the rest of the Bengal cell went underground.

Poor Indian Communists. 

They worship false gods. 

They do NOT know that German Jew Karl Marx was related to Rothschild.

They do NOT know the role of their FOUNDER MN Roy's or Manabendra Nath Roy's first ( hidden ) wife  Stanford University Graduate Evelyn Trent in him getting brainwashed to Communism -- to transport and spread the ideology to India.  



Probably I may dedicate a post to this -- I may. 

Let me give a hint-- Jewess Evelyn Trent or Shanti Devi was there at the first Indian Communist Party Meeting at Tashkent in 1922. 



Ever wondered why?

 Ever wondered why a woman by the name of Evelyn Trent established the Comminust Party in Mexico? 

Wanna ask the Mexicans? 

Lenin has invited Evelyn Trent to Russia in 1918 to teach  Communism at the International Political school.  MN Roy and Evelyn divorced in 1925 and then his misfortunes began. Jew Stalin refused to meet Roy and give him a hearing at the plenum in February 1928.

The Communist Party of India was founded in Tashkent, Turkestan Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic on October 17, 1920, soon after the Second Congress of the Communist International. The founding members of the party were M.N. Roy, Evelyn Trent Roy (Roy's wife), Abani Mukherji, Rosa Fitingof (Abani's wife), Mohammad Ali (Ahmed Hasan), Mohammad Shafiq Siddiqui, Rafiq Ahmed of Bhopal and M.P.B.T. Acharya.

Evelyn Trent was introduced to MN Roy by Rothschild stooge Dr. David Starr Jordan , the Jewish President of Stanford University in his house. 


Today Lynn Rothschild teaches at Stanford. This university was funded by Rothschild . Dr Jordan studied at Cornell.  Ring a bell?

Strange are the ways of Rothschild.



None of the Indian Communists know that Marx, Stalin, Lenin and Trotsy were Rothschild sponsored Jews. 




Rothschild had ordered US President Woodrow Wilson to provide Jew Trotsky with a passport to return to Russia to "carry forward" the Bolshevik revolution. 

To read more about this revolution, punch into Google search CRYPTO JEWS DOUBLE AGENTS  VADAKAYIL

Early in 1915, MN Roy was sent by Jatin Bagha to Germany to channelize promised German armaments which were believed to be en route, somewhere on the Pacific. Roy would not see his homeland again for 16 years. 

M.N. Roy was tried on charges of sedition, sentenced to 12 years (which, on appeal, was reduced to 6 years hard labor), and placed in the Kanpur Jail.  Released in November 1936 in broken health, Roy, was invited by Nehru to join the Freedom fighting party . Gandhi in mean language advised Roy to lay off Indian politics, and just "render mute service to cause of Indian freedom.

To know more about how Rothschild controlled Gandhi and Nehru, punch into Google search ( this post is part 2 of the original post ) --   MAHATMA GANDHI , RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL

On 10th February 1908, a group of Muslims under the leadership of a Pathan called Mir Alam entered Gandhi’s house and pasted him badly with sticks. They threatened to kill him.  

From this incident onward, something snapped in Gandhi’s mind . He stopped to make any critical comment on Muslims as well as on Islam.   




Like a cat which fell in hot water and now will be circumspect forever and ever with cold water too.

Dr. B.R. Ambedkar, wrote that this incident was a milestone in Gandhi’s life and afterwards Gandhi began to over look even the most heinous crime committed by the Muslims.

Below, a picture taken after he was attacked by Mir Alam--a dazed Gandhi!  His left eye partly damaged.




During independence, the Muslim population in undivided India was 23 per cent and this 23 per cent Muslims, got 32 per cent land area as Pakistan.

“Hindus should never be angry against the Muslims even if the latter might make up their minds to undo their (Hindus’) existence. If they put all of us to the sword, we should court death bravely. … We are destined to be born and die, then why need we feel gloomy over it?” (recorded speech delivered on April 6, 1947)

In another occasion when he was talking to a group of refugees, said, “If all the Punjabis were to die to the last man without killing (a single Muslim), Punjab will be immortal. Offer yourselves as nonviolent willing sacrifices.” (Collins and Lapierre, Freedom at Midnight, p-385).

Just before the partition, both Hindu and Sikh women were being raped by the Muslims in large numbers. Gandhi advised them that if a Muslim expressed his desire to rape a Hindu or a Sikh lady, she should never refuse him but cooperate with him. She should lie down like a dead with her tongue in between her teeth. Thus the rapist Muslim will be satisfied soon and sooner he leave her. (D Lapierre and L Collins, Freedom at Midnight, Vikas, 1997, p-479).

Long live the MAHATMA!  
Shall we recommend him for Nobel Peace prize?


The Brits will now realize that Churchill always spoke to their King as a cocky superior, because he was of Rothschild blood, who controlled the finances and thus the lifeline of England.

Indians will realize that all Indian freedom fighters who got knighted before 1947, were Rothschild’s type of crypto freedom fighters.

This post is getting too long—shall continue later




MEANWHILE MULL OVER THIS--

WE HAVE UNLEASHED THE SAME EVIL FORCES UPON US,  BY ALLOWING FDI IN MULTIBRAND RETAIL AND , FDI IN INSURANCE!

Now you will understand why I did NOT allow foreign funded Team Anna ( all with Rothschild's Magsaysay awards) , to BRAINWASH simpleton Anna Hazare and use him as No 2 Gandhi. 

If you are a patriot, think about all this-- just history repeating itself.

MY OWN BIRTHDAY IS ON 2ND OCT--  

I GUESS FROM 2012  ONWARDS I WILL CELEBRATE IT AS LAL BAHADUR SHASTRI JAYANTI ( OUR PM AFTER NEHRU AND BEFORE INDIRA GANDI ) ,  WHICH FALLS ON THE SAME DAY.  




WE INDIANS HAVE GIVEN THIS HONEST AND HONOURABLE MAN , A VERY RAW DEAL. 

THE NEHRU DYNASTY DID NOT EVEN INVESTIGATE HIS DEATH IN TASHKENT.  

I KNOW WHAT HAPPENED, AS IT WAS TOLD TO ME 2 DECADES AGO BY MY RUSSIAN CHIEF OFFICER, WHOSE FATHER WORKED IN KGB-- OVER A COUPLE OF VODKAS.


111000 ( 1.11 lakh ) Indian soldiers died in the First World War for Britain and 243000 ( 2.43 ) lakh Indian soldiers died in the Second World War for Britain. 

Indians did NOT want to fight for the cruel white English speaking Christian invader.  

See how well Rothschild groomed Gandhi in South Africa using Leo Tolstoy's mindless non-violence doctrine.


Like I said before , punch into Google search MAHATMA GANDHI, RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY VADAKAYIL, to read part 1 of this post .













"May it please Your Honour"

by Nathuram Godse               


[On 8 November 1948, Nathuram Godse (19 May 1910-15 November 1949) rose to make his statement in court. Reading quietly from a typed manuscript, he sought to explain why he had killed Gandhi. His thesis covered ninety-pages, and he was on his feet for five hours. Godse's statement, excerpted below, should be read by citizens and scholars in its entirely, for it provides an insight into his personality and his understanding of the concept of Indian nationhood – Editor]


"Born in a devotional Brahmin family, I instinctively came to revere Hindu religion, Hindu history and Hindu culture. I had, therefore, been intensely proud of Hinduism as a whole. As I grew up I developed a tendency to free thinking unfettered by any superstitious allegiance to any isms, political or religious. That is why I worked actively for the eradication of untouchability and the caste system based on birth alone. I openly joined anti-caste movements and maintained that all Hindus are of equal status as to rights, social and religious, and should be considered high or low on merit alone and not through the accident of birth in a particular caste or profession.


I used publicly to take part in organized anti-caste dinners which thousands of Hindus, Brahmins, Vaishyas, Kshatriyas, Chamars and B-----s participated. We broke the caste rules and dined in the company of each other. I have read the speeches and writings of Dadabhai Naoroji, Vivekanand, Gokhale, Tilak, along with the books of ancient and modern history of India and some prominent countries like England, France, America and Russia. Moreover I studied the tenets of socialism and Marxism. But above all I studied very closely what Veer (brave) Savarkar and Gandhiji had written and spoken, as to my mind these two ideologies have contributed more to the moulding of the thought and action of the Indian people during the last thirty years or so, than any other factor has done.


All this thinking and reading led me to believe that it was my first duty to serve Hindudom and Hindus both as a patriot and as a world citizen. To secure the freedom and to safeguard the just interests of some thirty crores (three hundred million) of Hindus would automatically constitute the freedom and well-being of all India, one fifth of the human race. This conviction led me naturally to devote myself to the Hindu Sanatanist ideology and programme, which alone, I came to believe, could win and preserve the National Independence of Hindustan, my Motherland, and enable her to render true service to humanity as well. Since the year 1920, that is, after the demise of Lokmanya Tilak, Gandhi's influence in the Congress first increased and then became supreme.


His activities for public awakening were phenomenal in their intensity and were reinforced by the slogan of truth and non-violence, which he paraded ostentatiously before the country. No sensible or enlightened person could object to these slogans. In fact there is nothing new or original in them. They are implicit in every constitutional public movement. But it is nothing but a dream if you imagine the bulk of mankind is, or can ever become, capable of scrupulous adherence to these lofty principles in its normal life from day to day. In fact, honour, duty and love of one's own kith and kin and country might often compel us to disregard non-violence and to use force. I could never conceive that an armed resistance to an aggression is unjust.


I would consider it a religious and moral duty to resist and if possible, to overpower such an enemy by use of force. (In the Ramayana) Rama killed Ravana in a tumultuous fight and relieved Sita. (In the Mahabharata) Krishna killed Kansa to end his wickedness; and Arjuna had to fight and slay quite a number of his friends and relations, including the revered Bhishma, because the latter was on the side of the aggressor. It is my firm belief that in dubbing Rama, Krishna and Arjuna as guilty of violence, the Mahatma betrayed the total ignorance of the springs of human action. In more recent history, it was the heroic fight put up by Chhatrapati Shivaji that first checked and eventually destroyed the Muslim tyranny in India. It was absolutely essential for Shivaji to overpower and kill an aggressive Afzal Khan, failing which he would have lost his own life. In condemning history's towering warriors like Shivaji, Rana Pratap and Guru Govind Singh as misguided patriots, Gandhi has merely exposed his self-conceit.


He was, paradoxical, as it may appear, a violent pacifist who brought untold calamities on the country in the name of truth and non-violence, while Rana Pratap, Shivaji and the Guru will remain enshrined in the hearts of their countrymen forever for the freedom they brought to them. The accumulating provocation of thirty-two years, culminating in his last pro-Muslim fast, at last goaded me to the conclusion that the existence of Gandhi should be brought to an end immediately. Gandhi had done very good work in South Africa to uphold the rights and well being of the Indian community there.


But when he finally returned to India, he developed a subjective mentality under which he alone was to be the final judge of what was right or wrong. If the country wanted his leadership, it had to accept his infallibility; if it did not, he would stand aloof from the Congress and carry on in his own way. Against such an attitude there can be no halfway house. Either Congress had to surrender its will to his and had to be content with playing second fiddle to all his eccentricity, whimsicality, metaphysics and primitive vision, or it had to carry on without him. He alone was the judge of everyone and everything; he was the master brain guiding the Civil Disobedience movement; no other could know the technique of that movement. He alone knew when to begin it and when to withdraw it. The movement might succeed or fail, but that could make no difference to the Mahatma's infallibility. 'A Satyagrahi can never fail' was his formula for his own infallibility and nobody except himself knew what a Satyagrahi is.


Thus the Mahatma became the judge and the jury in his own case. These childish insanities and obstinacies, coupled with a most severe austerity of life, ceaseless work and lofty character made Gandhi formidable and irresistible. Many people thought that his policies were irrational, but they had either to withdraw from the Congress or place their intelligence at his feet to do with as he liked. In a position of such absolute irresponsibility, Gandhi was guilty of blunder after blunder, failure after failure, and disaster after disaster. Gandhi's pro-Muslim policy is blatantly illustrated in his perverse attitude on the question of the national language of India. It is quite obvious that Hindi has the most prior claim to be accepted as the premier language.


In the beginning of his career in India, Gandhi gave a great impetus to Hindi, but as he found that the Muslims did not like it, he became a champion of what is called Hindustani. Everybody in India knows that there is no language in India called Hindustani; it has no grammar; it has no vocabulary. It is a mere dialect; it is spoken, not written. It is a tongue and a crossbreed between Hindi and Urdu, and not even the Mahatma's sophistry could make it popular. But in his desire to please the Muslims he insisted that Hindustani alone should be the national language of India. His blind followers, of course, supported him and the so-called hybrid language began to be used. The charm and the purity of the Hindi language were to be prostituted to please the Muslims. All his experiments were at the expense of the Hindus.


From August 1946 onwards, the private armies of the Muslim League began a massacre of Hindus. The then Viceroy, Lord Wavell, though distressed at what was happening, would not use his powers under the Government of India Act of 1935 to prevent the rape, murder and arson. The Hindu blood began to flow from Bengal to Karachi with little retaliation by the Hindus. The Interim Government formed in September was sabotaged by its Muslim League members right from its inception, but the more they became disloyal and treasonable to the government of which they were a part, the greater was Gandhi's infatuation for them.


Lord Wavell had to resign as he could not bring about a settlement and was succeeded by Lord Mountbatten. King Stork followed King Log. The Congress, which had boasted of its nationalism and secularism, secretly accepted Pakistan literally at the point of the bayonet and abjectly surrendered to Jinnah. India was vivisected and one-third of the Indian Territory became foreign land to us from 15 August 1947. Lord Mountbatten came to be described in the Congress circles as the greatest Viceroy and Governor-General this country ever had.


The official date for the handing over of power was fixed for June 30, 1948, but Mountbatten with his ruthless surgery gave us a gift of vivisected India ten months in advance. This is what Gandhi had achieved after thirty years of undisputed dictatorship and this is what the Congress party calls 'freedom' and 'peaceful transfer of power'. The Hindu-Muslim unity bubble was finally burst and a theocratic state was established with the consent of Nehru and his crowd and they have called it 'freedom won by them with sacrifice' - whose sacrifice? When top leaders of Congress, with the consent of Gandhi, divided and tore the country - which we considered a deity of worship - my mind was filled with direful anger.


One of the conditions imposed by Gandhi for his breaking of the fast related to the mosques in Delhi occupied by the Hindu refugees. But when Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to violent attacks he did not so much as utter a single word to protest and censure the Pakistan Government or the Muslims concerned. Gandhi was shrewd enough to know that while undertaking a fast unto death, had he imposed some conditions on the Muslims in Pakistan, there would have been found hardly any Muslims who could have shown some grief if the fast had ended in his death. It was for this reason that he purposely avoided imposing any conditions on the Muslims.


He was fully aware from past experience that Jinnah was not at all perturbed or influenced by his fast and the Muslim League hardly attached any value to the inner voice of Gandhi. Gandhi is being referred to as the Father of the Nation. But if that is so, he has failed in his paternal duty inasmuch he has acted very treacherously to the nation by his consenting to the partitioning of it. I stoutly maintain that Gandhi has failed in his duty. He has proved to be the Father of Pakistan. His inner-voice, his spiritual power, his doctrine of non-violence of which so much is made of, all crumbled against Jinnah's iron will and proved to be powerless.


Briefly speaking, I thought to myself and foresaw that I shall be totally ruined, and the only thing I could expect from the people would be nothing but hatred and that I shall have lost all my honour, even more valuable than my life, if I were to kill Gandhiji. But at the same time I thought that the Indian politics in the absence of Gandhiji would surely be practical, able to retaliate and would be powerful with the armed forces. No doubt, my own future would be totally ruined, but the nation would be saved from the inroads of Pakistan. People may even call me or dub me as devoid of any sense or foolish, but the nation would be free to follow the course founded on the reason, which I consider necessary for sound nation-building.


After having fully considered the question, I took the final decision in the matter, but I did not speak about it to anyone whatsoever. I took courage in both my hands and I did fire the shots at Gandhiji on 30th January 1948, on the prayer-grounds in Birla House. I do say that my shots were fired at the person whose policy and action had brought rack and ruin and destruction to millions of Hindus. There was no legal machinery by which such an offender could be brought to book and for this reason I fired those fatal shots. I bear no ill will towards anyone individually, but I do say that I had no respect for the present government owing to their policy, which was unfairly favourable towards the Muslims. But at the same time I could clearly see that the policy was entirely due to the presence of Gandhi.


I have to say with great regret that Prime Minister Nehru quite forgets that his preaching and deeds are at times at variance with each other when he talks about India as a secular state in season and out of season, because it is significant to note that Nehru has played a leading role in the theocratic state of Pakistan, and his job was made easier by Gandhi's persistent policy of appeasement towards the Muslims. I now stand before the court to accept the full share of my responsibility for what I have done and the judge would, of course, pass against me such orders of sentence as may be considered proper. But I would like to add that I do not desire any mercy to be shown to me, nor do I wish that anyone should beg for mercy on my behalf.


My confidence about the moral side of my action has not been shaken even by the criticism levelled against it on all sides. I have no doubt that honest writers of history will weigh my act and find the true value thereof someday in future."
  

Nathuram Godse was hanged a year later, on 15 November 1949; as per his last wishes, his family and followers have preserved his ashes for immersion in the Indus River of a re-united India  




Above : Gandhi's last moment of truth!

Below Narasimha , the 4th avatar of Vishnu.  The sphinx of Egypt is the mirrored version of Narasimha. Grace and peace!




Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience. 

Remember in both First and Second World Wars,  Gandhi urged Indians to kill Germans for the British. He did NOT want Indians to kill the British invaders .


Rings a bell?


Gandhi’s horoscope clearly indicates his devious, queer, suspicious , double agent nature, and what he is destined to be-- with the Moon in Cancer with Rahu .  Most pretender modern astrologers have written about Gandhi’s horoscope out of hindsight , without the guts to be true to their profession.




NATHU RAM GODSE'S SPEECH AT THE TRIAL
  

Nathuram Godse's speech at trial .. DO read it fully
Full text of Godse's speech at his trial.....

" On January 13, 1948, I learnt that Gandhiji had decided to go on fast unto
death. The reason given was that he wanted an assurance of Hindu-Muslim
Unity... But I and many others could easily see that the real motive...
[was] to compel the Dominion Government to pay the sum of Rs 55 crores to
Pakistan, the payment of which was emphatically refused by the
Government.... But this decision of the people's Government was reversed to
suit the tune of Gandhiji's fast. It was evident to my mind that the force
of public opinion was nothing but a trifle when compared with the leanings
of Gandhiji favourable to Pakistan.

....In 1946 or thereabout, Muslim atrocities perpetrated on Hindus under the
Government patronage of Surhawardy in Noakhali made our blood boil. Our
shame and indignation knew no bounds when we saw that Gandhiji had come
forward to shield that very Surhawardy and began to style him as 'Shaheed
Saheb' - a martyr - even in his prayer meetings...

....Gandhiji's influence in the Congress first increased and then became
supreme. His activities for public awakening were phenomenal in their
intensity and were reinforced by the slogans of truth and non-violence which
he ostentatiously paraded before the country... I could never conceive that
an armed resistance to the aggressor is unjust... Ram killed Ravan in a
tumultuous fight... Krishna killed Kansa to end his wickedness... In
condemning Shivaji, Rana Pratap and Guru Govind as 'misguided patriots,'
Gandhiji has merely exposed his self-conceit... Gandhiji was, paradoxically,
a violent pacifist who brought untold calamities on the country in the name
of truth and nonviolence, while Rana Pratap, Shivaji and the Guru will
remain enshrined in the hearts of their countrymen forever...

....By 1919, Gandhiji had become desperate in his endeavours to get the
Muslims to trust him and went from one absurd promise to another... He
backed the Khilafat movement in this country and was able to enlist the full
support of the National Congress in that policy... very soon the Moplah
Rebellion showed that the Muslims had not the slightest idea of national
unity... There followed a huge slaughter of Hindus... The British
Government, entirely unmoved by the rebellion, suppressed it in a few months
and left to Gandhiji the joy of his Hindu-Muslim Unity... British
Imperialism emerged stronger, the Muslims became more fanatical, and the
consequences were visited on the Hindus...

The accumulating provocation of 32 years, culminating in his last pro-Muslim
fast, at last goaded me to the conclusion that the existence of Gandhiji
should be brought to an end immediately... he developed a subjective
mentality under which he alone was the final judge of what was right or
wrong... Either Congress had to surrender its will to him and play second
fiddle to all his eccentricity, whimsicality... or it had to carry on
without him... He was the master brain guiding the civil disobedience
movement... The movement may succeed or fail; it may bring untold disasters
and political reverses, but that could make no difference to the Mahatma's
infallibility... These childish inanities and obstinacies, coupled with a
most severe austerity of life, ceaseless work and lofty character, made
Gandhiji formidable and irresistible... In a position of such absolute
irresponsibility, Gandhiji was guilty of blunder after blunder...

....The Mahatma even supported the separation of Sindh from the Bombay
Presidency and threw the Hindus of Sindh to the communal wolves. Numerous
riots took place in Karachi, Sukkur, Shikarpur and other places in which the
Hindus were the only sufferers...

....From August 1946 onwards, the private armies of the Muslim League began
a massacre of the Hindus... Hindu blood began to flow from Bengal to Karachi
with mild reactions in the Deccan... The Interim government formed in
September was sabotaged by its Muslim League members, but the more they
became disloyal and treasonable to the government of which they were a part,
the greater was Gandhi's infatuation for them...

....The Congress, which had boasted of its nationalism and socialism,
secretly accepted Pakistan and abjectly surrendered to Jinnah. India was
vivisected and one-third of the Indian territory became foreign land to
us... This is what Gandhiji had achieved after 30 years of undisputed
dictatorship, and this is what Congress party calls 'freedom'...

....One of the conditions imposed by Gandhiji for his breaking of the fast
unto death related to the mosques in Delhi occupied by Hindu refugees. But
when Hindus in Pakistan were subjected to violent attacks he did not so much
as utter a single word to protest and censure the Pakistan government...

Gandhi is being referred to as the Father of the Nation. But if that is so,
he had failed his paternal duty inasmuch as he has acted very treacherously
to the nation by his consenting to the partitioning of it... The people of
this country were eager and vehement in their opposition to Pakistan. But
Gandhiji played false with the people...

....I shall be totally ruined, and the only thing I could expect from the
people would be nothing but hatred... if I were to kill Gandhiji. But at the
same time, I felt that Indian politics in the absence of Gandhiji would
surely be proved practical, able to retaliate, and be powerful with armed
forces. No doubt, my own future would be totally ruined, but the nation
would be saved from the inroads of Pakistan...

....I do say that my shots were fired at the person whose policy and action
had brought rack and ruin and destruction to millions of Hindus... There was
no legal machinery by which such an offender could be brought to book, and
for this reason I fired those fatal shots...

....I do not desire any mercy to be shown to me... I did fire shots at
Gandhiji in open daylight. I did not make any attempt to run away; in fact I
never entertained any idea of running away. I did not try to shoot myself...
for, it was my ardent desire to give vent to my thoughts in an open Court.
My confidence about the moral side of my action has not been shaken even by
the criticism levelled of against it on all sides. 

I have no doubt, honest writers of history will weigh my act and find 
the true value thereof some day in future. "



I must explode a bombshell right now. 

Chitapavan means “found lying at sea shore” in colloquial Hindi.  

Chitpavans of Maharashtra were a bunch of light eyed Jews from Kerala who were dumped by a Rothschild owned ( British East India Company ) ship and made to wade ashore . 

Ostensibly their ship sank in the NW monsoon off the Kolaba district of Konkan . 

The Y chromosome of Chitpavan Brahmins , who were unknown before the 18th century, contains a Cohenim haplotype unique to Jewish Rabbis. 

The Bene Israel claim that they share a common origin with the Indian Jews Chitpavan Brahmins.  

BR Ambedkar’s wife was a Chitpavan Brahmin.  

Gopal Krishna Gokhale the mentor of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

The assassin of Gandhi was a Chitpavan.   

Mahadev Govind Ranade the mentor of Gokhale and the founding member of the Indian National Congress was a Chitpavan. 

Rothschild had their fake Western historians inject every where that Chitpavan Brahmins are explained in the tall tale of Lord  Parshuram in the Sahyadrikhanda of the Skanda Purana.

Hey, ring a bell?




Gandhi was created in South Africa by the Rothschild as the only brown skin leader who can make the might British Empire bend , a tall leader who commands so much respect and awe that even Britannia who ruled the waves got into fog ,unable to navigate.

Gandhi was aggressively propped up and promoted by Christian missionaries and General Jan Christiaan Smuts, who bend every time he had a head on collision with Gandhi-giving all Indian coolies a terrific ego massage visavis Gandhi.

Nobody EVER  heard of Gandhi before, neither in South Africa nor in India.  The constant arm twisting of a powerful racist like Gen Smuts and extravagant concessions extracted  by Gandhi spread his fame far and wide. All this was a huge charade.

When Gandhi arrived in India, the British government kept bowing before him in all his agitations and conceded what he had demanded.  All this cannot be rare coincidence even to a duffer.

Gradually, Indians began to rally behind Gandhi as the “tall leader who gets the work done.”.

General Jan Christiaan Smuts was a Rothschild stooge for he was the only person to sign each of the peace treaties ending the First and Second World Wars, a war fought with the sole intention of carving out the state of Israel.  

Gen Smuts was a field marshal in the British Army in 1941, and served in the Imperial War Cabinet under Winston Churchill whose mother is Rothschild .

Today an Israeli town is named after Gen Jan Smuts, a man who was a close friend of Rothschild, and Lord Balfour..


Gen Jan Christiaan Smuts bust was installed in 1949 in the  Hebrew University of Jerusalem, in a ceremony attended by Gen Smuts  Mr. Justice Leopold Greenberg and E.D. Goitein, the Israel minister.

 Below:  Chappals made for Gen Smuts by Gandhi.



Gandhi was awarded 3 medals by the British while in South Africa.  The most notable was The Kaisar-i-Hind Medal , a medal awarded by the British monarch in 1915, for rendering distinguished service in the advancement of the interests of the British Raj. 



The name literally means "Emperor of India" in the vernacular of the Hindi and Urdu languages and was pinned on him by Lord Hardinge of Penshurst.
********************************************************************
BAGHA JATIN, THE FATHER OF OUR NATION, NOT TO BE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



BAGHA JATIN, THE FATHER OF OUR NATION, NOT TO BE ,  THE BENGAL TIGER OF INDIA --  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Bagha Jatin is a unsung, sunk ( by Gandhi and Nehru ) hero of our freedom fighting history.

He was a true patriot, not a British stooge like most our famous freedom fighters whom we worship, all false gods, all hand in glove with the enemy , the white Christian invader.

He was intelligent enough to see through the nonsense. The Indian National Congress was created by the invader, with Indian stooges running the show.

Just like Swami Vivekananda, Bagha Jatin saw through all these pseudo freedom fighters of INC -- the so called moderates like Dadabhai Naoroji, Gopal Krishna Gokhale

INC is still being run by pseudo patriots with foreign DNA.
  
Allan Octavian Hume , a man whom we honour , was very cruel with the Indians sepoys who revolted in 1857.  He hid in Agra for a while after quelling the rebellion.  



A grateful Rothschild, his principal, awarded made him a Companion of the order of the Bath in 1860—a great military distinction. 



In 1885, he was made a double agent  by Rothschild , wherein he declared himself as a native of India, and formed INC to fight for India’s freedom.  



Hume took in another Rothschild recommended double agent Sir William Wedderburn— who had already brainwashed Gopal Krishna Gokhale and Rothschild's Opium finance agents like Sir Edulji Dinshaw Wacha 



Bagha Jatin , born as Jatindranath Mukherjee was the leader of Yugantar party, a group of patriotic nationalists who wanted the white Christian invader out of India. They knew that the British had sucked out all the wealth of India and in 250 years flat reduced India from the richest country on the planet to the poorest.  

The British East India Company was owned by Rothschild who grew opium in India and sold it in China. Rothschild controlled India, and the John Bull British soldier in India thought that they were fighting for Queen and country-- while they were actually fighting for a German Jew.

Swami Vivekananda spotted Bagha Jatin at a young age, and noticed the zeal of patriotism in him. He send him to his own wrestling trainer Ambu Guha , to prepare his body and mind.



One day he fought with a Bengal tiger, single handedly and killed the huge beast after a long struggle with a dagger. Thousands of people came running to see the dead beast .



Jatin was mauled very badly , but a Calcutta army surgeon saved him. The British recognized this bravery and gave him a silver shield with the picture of a man fighting a tiger.

For the uninitiated a Bengal tiger is larger than their cousins elsewhere on the planet. Eat your hearts out Africa, you don't even have tigers , rhinos, peacocks etc what we have in the Indian Jungles. When a Bengal tiger roars in anger, the African lion will freeze due to the infra sound.

The British soldiers knew him very well for his cockiness. I guess if you kill a Bengal tiger your DNA gets reprogrammed. For if they gave him half a chance he would fight with them and humiliate them in public. He was severe when he felt the white soldiers ogled the local Bengali girls. 




Once in April 1908, at Siliguri railway station he thrashed 3 white soldiers in front of a cheering crowd. These soldiers filed a court case against him , which was dismissed in court when some genteel British lady eye witnesses vouched that the thrashing was well deserved --and delivered in great style too.

So Wheeler asked him, how many white British soldiers he can take on alone in physical fight . Jatin replied "Not a single one, if they are good people, but if they are goons , as many as you can imagine"

Bengalis were very unhappy due to the partition of Bengal in 1905, as a divide and rule policy of the British. Anti-invader sentiment was very high. There were violent agitations all over Bengal.  Charu Bose and Biren Dutta Gupta and many other did self-immolation to wake up the sleeping misled Indians.

How many of you know names of sunk heroes like Madanlal Dhingra, Ganesh Baburao Savarkar, Khudiram Bose, Rash Behari Bose, Champakaraman Pillai, Nair San , Har Dayal etc--  




All you know is Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and their cotiere, Anand Sharma, Ambika Soni, Kapil Sibal, Dig Vijay Singh , Salman Khurshid etc who are more loyal to the 100% foreign DNA  Italian Queen Bee than to their own motherland India,  right?



There was a underground movement to have a 2nd war of Independence like the one in 1857--all over India, plus in Indian soldier regiments stationed abroad. And these soldiers were armed. They could run over a military camp in minutes.

Finances were taken care of by Jatin.  He masterminded a series of daring robberies, from Rothschild's  banks. Plus Indians abroad opened out their purse strings.

Jatin co-ordinated Indian freedom fighters all over the world-- from USA to Europe to Far East.



British were running scared as there were several political assassinations. Basically he killed only evil souls who deserved it. On 27th Jan 1910 Jatin was arrested for the assassination of the Deputy Suptd of Police and Indian Muslim Shamsul Alam , who was a British stooge and anti-India. He was released as he was smart enough to create insulation buffer layers around him.

He was again arrested along with 45 others in connection with the Howrah-Sibpur conspiracy case,  also known as the Howrah Gang Case in 1910, for "conspiracy to wage war against the King-Emperor" and "tampering with the loyalty of the Indian soldiers". 

All those who were arrested with him were given the mundane name 'Jatin's  gang'. They were so ruthlessly tortured to bone crunching submission that some of them died of internal bleeding, and some just lost their mind. Jatin, though acquitted in this case also for want of evidence.

He was acquitted in 1911 for zilch evidence, as his cells were loose and autonomous.

Jatin worked closely with Rash Behari Bose, Lala Har Dayal and MN Roy( Ghadar party of USA ),  Champakaraman Pillai ( Berlin Committee with Hitler ) , Nair San ( Japan ) , Shamji Varma ( England ) etc in organizing patriotic cadre all over India and abroad. The British and Americans call this the Zimmermann plan or the Bagha Jatin conspiracy even today.

He co-ordinated and managed the indoctrination of  Indian soldiers in various British regiments in India and well as abroad, for a massive insurrection. Thousands of patriots incarcerated in the Cellular Jail of Andamans would be freed using the same German ship carrying arms.

He set up bomb factories all over Bengal, after importing "bomb making " literature secretly from abroad.
He organized with the help of Chempakaraman Pillai, a German ship fully loaded with arms and ammunition to land on a spot a Balasore beach of Orissa, which he selected personally. 

The ship SS Maverick, would have delivered to Jatin 30,000 modern rifles with 400 rounds of ammunitions each gun .

The plot leaked via a Czechoslovakian triple spy in the payroll of Rothschild. The US President Woodrow Wilson gave this information to Rothschild , the US Presidential chair kingmaker..  

I have given details in my previous post DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF MAHATMA GANDHI- VADAKAYIL

Rash Behari escaped to Japan in May 1915--as the British were after him.

To facilitate transmission of information to Jatin, a front business house under the name "Universal Emporium" had been set up with Saileswar Bose in charge . This would be a branch of Harry & Sons in Calcutta, which had been created for keeping underground covert contacts with revolutionaries abroad.

As soon as the information reached Rothschild , he forced the British police and military into immediate action.   The British sealed off all the sea approaches to Bengal and Orissa. Leaked information led them to Harry & Sons building, which was raided and searched. From here they retrieved a major clue .

A telegram was intercepted by the British. The telegram mentioned, "arrived here, starting tonight for Balasore, expect to meet some one there."  The sending of the telegram and the nexus between Hary & Sons of Calcutta and the Universal Emporium at Balasore led to an enquiry at Balasore by the British police. 

The enquiry in turn led to the search of Universal Emporium and its covert doings at Balasore.  Saileswar Bose was tortured . British found that that he had visited a god forsaken place Kaptitada on different occasions. 

On 6th September 1915, the DistrictMagistrate of Balasore, accompanied by several police officers engaged in the enquiry, went to Kaptipada and learnt that few young Bengalis were living in a house in the jungle about a mile and half away. British police searched the house and found that the group had scooted.  

The search party, however, could found some interesting documents, among which were a map of the Sundarbans and a cutting from a Penang paper about the SS Maverick, and it became apparent that the group had firearms in their possession as a tree in the compound showed marks of bullets used for target practice.

Before going underground, Jatindranath entrusted  his sister Benodebala with the care of his wife  Indubala, his daughter, Ashalata and his two sons, Tejendranath and Birendranath.

A large posse of police, headed by top European officers from Calcutta and Balasore, in tandem with the British army  unit from Chandbali in Mayurbhanj State, closed in on Jatin.  Jatin and his companions walked through the thick forests , marshy land and hills of Mayurbhanj, and after two days decided to dig trenches and fight it out. 

Out of hindsight they should NOT have tried this brave but foolish stunt. .This cost India our freedom , while Gandhi was still in South Africa. Jatins comrades in the trench begged him to make a run, but this honorable man would not listen. All were tired, thirsty and hungry after running for 2 days. 

The local people had been warned to watch out for 5 escaped criminals carrying a huge bounty on their heads . So Jatin and party had to dodge the villagers too. .

The posse of British soldiers surrounded the trench.  A fierce gunfight ensued, lasting nearly two hours. Jatin Bagha and his five comrades were lightly armed and had limited bullets for their German Mauser pistols, while the police had modern long range rifles and grenades, which they kept lobbing.

The fight on 10th Sept 1915, ended with an unrecorded number of casualties on the British side Government side; on the revolutionary side, Ray Chaudhuri and Jatin Bagha died. Jatish Mukherjee was seriously wounded, and Manoranjan Sengupta and Niren Dasgupta were captured after their ammunition ran out. Sengupta and Dasgupta were executed after a speedy trial..

The last words Jatin Mukherjee uttered were : “My wounds are still bleeding , or what ? 

During the trial, the prosecuting British Official advised the Defence laywer to read a manuscript by Jatin Bagha . Impressed he remarked:" Were this man of such great vision alive, he would have led the world !".

MN Roy later said “ Jatin Bagha was the first Indian to die fighting, arm in hand “

Charles Tegart , the notorious Commissioner of Police in British India admitted  that the driving power and magnetism of Bagha Jatin was so immense and the uprising  had been extremely well conceived; that it would have lead to Great Britain’s defeat in the First World War. 

Today all Bongs jump up and down like jackasses for Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose--who just emulated Jatin Bagha much later. 

None of them even know such a terrific Bengali soul ever lived.  An obscure dilapidated suburb railway station is named after Jatin Bagha. Gandhi never missed an opportunity to condemn Jatin Bagha. 



I would advise all Bengalis nay every Indian to honor Jatin Bagha . The Italian Queen Bee , her coterie and her “not so bright” son will NOT care.



If you want to know something shocking about your paper tiger Subhash Chandra Bose , punch into Google search NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE, SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS- VADAKAYIL.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM, THE MOTHER OF ALL RELIGIONS--CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM, THE MOTHER OF ALL RELIGIONS , THE WHEEL HAS TURNED FULL CIRCLE -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Listen to above video with head phones--  Rig Veda was written in this language Sanskrit in 5000 BC, when the rest of the world lived in caves, did grunt grunt for communications, and clubbed down animals for raw meat. There has been NIL changes in this language since then-- not even an iota, it is that perfect coming from 12 strand DNA of seers.!

Hinduism is NOT a religion. It is a way of life.  

In the video below-- listen to a Hindu convert JULIA ROBERTS!





This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the line.

The world has realized today, that Shiva Lingam is Lord Shiva's Pineal Gland, not his penis, set inside a vagina,  as ridiculed by immature Vatican. The lingam is a black meteoric stone cylindrical in shape, having inherent DNA and scalar energy, which has to be cooled with water drops from overhead to quench this powerful stone.



This is the only religion which by which you cannot be  branded as a heretic , because there is no standard set of dogmas in Hindu faith , written or unwritten, from which deviation could make you a heretic.
India is the only place on this planet where Jews have never been persecuted. Openness is the essence of Hinduism.

Gratitude is inherent, which makes this religion noble . Example: A Hindu will never ever neglect his aged and vulnerable parents. 

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world. The sacred fire serves as a witness to the vows exchanged between the bride and the bridegroom. Fire is the only thing on this planet which cannot be polluted.

A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. This is why India has never attacked any other country in the past history, but has been invaded again and again and again.

Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. When a Hindu says "thank you", he really means it. When a Hindu greets you with a Namaste, he bows to the greatness in you.

There is great tolerance to other cultures and spiritual paths. The heart of Hinduism is oneness and inclusivity.. The ancient noble Vedic rishis had stressed, there are many paths to the final goal. This is why Hinduism has a multiplicity of Gods and Goddesses. You can chose your own deity. This is why Hinduism abjures all divides and separates. It happily embraces all different paths.

15% of the people on this planet are Hindu. This percentage is increasing not by sops given my missionaries or by force.

Sanatana Dharma ( Hinduism ) evolved in 9500 BC, when the quaternary ice age had most of the West under 1 km of hard ice.   



Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek s and moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.  Sanatana means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm.

Dharma means " righteousness".  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death.  Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma. Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation. Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws.

The fundamentals of Dharma as per the Bhagwat Gita are-- respect, truth, grace, restraint, love, non-violence, restraint, lack of jealousy and greed, knowledge of self and austerity.

In 7000 BC Hindu temples existed from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam, during the benevolent rule of Aryan Indian king Emperor Vikramaditya.

Hinduism is a spiritual code. Know thyself is the quintessence.

It has no founder or a Supreme head. There is NO supreme middleman like the Pope holding a hot line between you and your god.  Hinduism does NOT care for individual leadership or military type hierarchy like for Catholics.

Nobody can canonize a human into a saint. It can be done only by faith of the masses. An example would be an illiterate fisher woman, Mata Amritananda Mayi who has hugged 33 millions people to centre them and bring peace into their heart and souls.. 


She speaks the same language as me Malayalam --  Jesus Christ of Jerusalem, King Solomon of Judea, Mohammed the Prophet of Mecca and Buddha spoke this language. 

She can be seen in the video below, a dark woman wearing white! In Kerala the whole Parliament including Communists who get married in Party office, Muslims and Christians got hugged by her. She was born smiling and gurgling with delight, a pitch black baby --NOT like the rest of the world crying and wailing.



Mata Amritanadamayi or Amma was born in extreme poverty, of low caste , 5 hours drive from my hometown Calicut.  Here is a picture of her  ( below )when she was young. Because of 33 million hugs her right cheek is calloused.





It is a movement based on principles or evolved over time code of  Dharma. It is a relentless pursuit of truth, flexible to suit all situations.

It is a faith so unique, that it gives space for every other religion. Hinduism has never claimed to be the only true religion.

A Hindu feels happy as a Hindu to meet people of other faiths, and converse with them, without being burdened by the conviction , that my religion is the best, and i have embarked on the right path, that every one else has missed.


Above the 11000 year old OM ( corrupted by the West as Amen ) is the symbol of Hinduism.  

When you chant OM , the Hindu king mantra, the MMMMMM humming boosts the production of Nitric Oxide in the body. The earths heart beat of 7.83 hertz and the production of Nitric oxide was known to Indians 7000 years ago and documented.





The fundamental mode of Schumann's ( lifted by Schumann ) resonance of 7.83 Hertz is a standing wave in the ionospheric cavity with a wavelength of the circumference of the earth. Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as Schumann’s Resonance. 




Listen to OM ( frequency 7.83 hertz ) in above video, the buzz of a billion transformers.

For thousands of years the Schumann Resonance or pulse (heartbeat) of Earth has been 7.83 cycles per second, recently due to military ELF waves from HAARP , GWEN and Woodpecker,  this resonance has been slowly rising.—reason for Global warming.




Though we use the Bhagawat Gita to swear an oath, as set down by our British rulers in court--we do NOT have a single holy book, like the Bible or Koran. Such has been the tolerance to deviant beliefs.

"When I read the Bhagavad-Gita and reflect about how God created this universe everything else seems so superfluous"- Albert Einstein.

The Bhagavad-Gita ( discourse just before the Mahabharata war in 4000 BC , from Charioteer Lord Krishna to Prince Arjuna ) conveys the essence of Hinduism as follows--

He who hates no single being, is friendly and compassionate, free from self-regard and vanity, patient, contented, fixed on me in heart and mind, is dear to me.

Hell has three gates: lust, anger, and greed.

There has never been a time when you and I have not existed, nor will there be a time when we will cease to exist.  As the same person inhabits the body through childhood, youth, and old age, so too at the time of death he attains another body. The wise are not deluded by these changes.

He who is full of faith and zeal, and has subdued his senses attains knowledge; having attained knowledge, he soon attains supreme peace.

Do your duty. Seize the moment. The time to do, is NOW.



Hinduism is based on reason and NOT faith--unless the faith is an extension of reason. It has its own beliefs, timeless traditions, ethics, rituals, philosophy and theology.

A Hindu is proud of the diversity, the range, and the lofty metaphysical aspirations of Vedanta.

The eternal truths in the Vedas were written by our great seers without junk DNA in their bodies and king sized resonating pineal glands. It is NOT mere speculation of guesswork.

The fundamental deities are the trinity of Brahma, Vishnu and Shiva. ( Creator/ preserver/ destroyer ) or Tamas/ Sattva/ Rajas  of the Yin Yang trident, with a mediator prong in between. Abraham who is common to Christianity, Islam and Judaism is Brahma, the creator god of Hinduism. Brahma's wife is Sarawati the goddess of learning . Sara is the wife of Abraham. 



Hindu gods are regularly displayed with their female counterparts. Tantra involves the balancing of these two aspects—Shiva (representing consciousness) and Shakti (representing energy)—in a manner reminiscent of yin and yang.

Hindusim is 110 centuries old, while Christianity is 20 centuries old and Islam is 14 centuries old.

Ancient India and her unique culture has survived over 12000 years, because Hinduism was developed along Spiritual lines, NOT materialistic lines.

When a foreigner comes to an Indian Hindu Guru for mental solace, the first thing he tells them is NOT to give up their original religion. It was NEVER to convert-- only to give away free. It is NOT difficult for people to see that this mother of all religions  is the only one which does NOT have a hidden agenda.

Sanatana Dharma respects the planet along with its flora and fauna. It is the only religion which advocates vegetarianismand Ahimsa ( non-violence ) .  Manu , the ancient law giver was a committed environmentalist. Manu wrote that polluting the environment was a punishable offence.

Manu’s laws in Manava Dharma Shastra , are in 100000 verses in 24 books and was propagated from Jerusalem to Urals to Vietnam in 7000 BC by the great Indian Emperor who ruled these lands. These laws were given 5300 years before Hammurabi who lifted wholesale from these laws, leaving aside kindness to the environment, social responsibility and grace.

The whole idea of Vaastu was to construct something without disturbing the flow of nature , the flora , the fauna, and without interrupting natural flow of energy. The deities of Hinduism permeate the world of nature.   It is about peaceful co-existence and comfort.



Above a "crop circle" in a mud lake , of Sri Yantra contains the elusive theory of everything.


First see the video below of Sri Yantra in 3D. 





The lines are 13.3 miles long, and 9 inches wide  on a wet mud lake bed -- photo taken by USAF aircraft from Idaho base.  The diagram is too complex and  geometrical --  IMPOSSIBLE to be drawn by  men as a hoax.  Out of 9 interlacing triangles, 5 point downwards and four point upwards. All triple intersections meet at the same point. The vertices of the largest triangles fall on the circumference of the enclosing circle. Except for the two biggest triangles, all apexes touch the base of another triangle. 


The central triangle facing downwards must be equilateral and holds the Bindu of the holistic pyramid . The Bindu is also the centre of the circle . The 3 lines intersect at 54 points ( number of Sanskrit alphabets ) with Shiva and Shakti qualities making the magic number 108.. It contains the macroscopic, molecular, atomic,  sub atomic levels, Mendeleyev’s periodic table etc. The musical analogies of maths , physics , chemistry, quantum particles and contained in this diagram in the form of notation, harmony , melody and notes. The mind of god represented by the Sri Yantra is cosmic music resonating through hyperspace. Italian 

Fibonacci of 1200 AD is given the credit of the Golden ratio, while the Indian Sri Yantra ( which contains the TOE ) based on Golden ratio of 1.618 was drawn in 8000 BC --see video below.





The Sri Yantra found in ancient temples is 10000 years old. The angle of 51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec is used for the Egyptian pyramids.




Above --inhalation and exhalation , the big bang and the black hole-- the Dance of Kali.

The dance of Shiva below is the Yin-Yang from either side of the Quantum screen -- matter to indestructible energy and energy to matter.





The Bindu of the Sri yantra represents singularity. The cosmos expands and contracts at regular cycles as explained by Sri Krishna in the Bhagawat Gita--just like inhalation and exhalation



You don’t have to live in India to be a Hindu. You could be a Catholic living in England, as long as you have a conscience, live in harmony with nature ,  grateful for her natural bounties, do not dominate and harass other living beings, have inherent grace and know your “duties”.. You must understand that human beings are just but a link in this symbiotic chain of life and consciousness.

Hindu religion is run by the laws of Dharma. All the obligatory duties of the Hindu owe their allegiance to the Vedas.  They draw forth the thought of successive generations of Maharshi seers  or spiritual giants from 9500 BC to 5000 BC.



Above crop circle shows Kundalini raising. The snake on Shiva's shoulder indicates raised Kundalini.

The 4 Vedas and the 108 Upanishads , written in Sanskrit language in 5000 BC  are to Hindu India what the Crown and Scepter are to an anointed king. They are India's proudest and most ancient possessions. From 9500 BC to 5000 BC Vedas were transmitted orally by learning vast amounts of verses by heart.

These Vedic texts include hymns, liturgical instructions, and philosophical courses . The ancient Maharishi 11000 years ago , were Epistemologists whose theories deal with puzzles about the source, nature, foundation, scope, validity and limits of human knowledge. The glory of this vast literature is its imaginative and emotional qualities.

The Maharishis who composed the the Vedas were experts in Metaphysics to determine the real nature of things—to determine the meaning, structure, and principles of whatever is in so far as it is-- with reality as a whole. 

The Indian rishis were the first to engage their great minds in dialectics in philosophy—the  method of investigating the nature of truth by the criticism of initial concepts and hypotheses—all in the most peaceful natural surroundings.

The Vedas are not puerile babblings of rustic troubadours or minstrels , but sedate out-pourings of exceptionally sharp and graceful minds in quest of truth .  Like indestructible diamonds of brilliant fire they have come down 11000 years in spotless perfection, with no need to be revised or abridged, to suit the modern era. 

From the Vedas evolved the Upanishads, whose copious enquiries into the nature of man, the Universe, and God, strike the intelligent and high IQ modern scientific mind with speechless wonder.  Vedas are verses written in the most digitally perfect language in the world, Sanskrit, with a scientific alphabet and perfected vocabulary, and a grammar which is itself a great work of art. Sanskrit is the only language suitable for conscious computers of the future.

The Vedic Maharishis had beautiful geometrical fractal minds, and could see even numerical problems as fractals. The principles of sound harmonics of Vedic verses works precisely and consistently . The way words unfold from their seed forms is amazing. The mathematical precision throughout the language gives Sanskrit verses its extraordinary power . 

There is a direct link between the sound and signs, it is phonetic. Sanskrit has no spelling, syntax, order of words or any silent letters. A language for Vedic mantras ( scalar energy sounds ) which resonate your DNA with your Pineal gland and which trigger quantum tunneling in Aakasha  ( ZPF )

Vedas are the only composition in the universe invested with Divine origin, and hence divine sanctity. These ancient Sanskrit texts won the admiration of eminent human beings of the caliber of Carl Jung, Emerson, Thoreau, Walt Whitman, Victor Hugo, Romain Rolland, Hermann Hesse, Henrich Zimmer, Tolstoy, Sir Edwin Arnold, Yeats, Einstein, Mark Twain, Nikola Tesla and hundreds of others.

Access to the Vedas is the greatest privilege this century may claim over all previous centuries. J. Robert Oppenheimer

The Vedas are the earliest literary record of this planet and were written on the banks of the river Saraswati.  The Saraswati civilization was the oldest in the world and flourished on the banks of the river Saraswati from 9000 BC to 4000 BC, till the river became non-perennial, due to a tectonic shift blocking the river’s mouth at the Himalayan Glacier.

The Vedas are the quintessence of classical Hindu philosophy. Thinking with your heart; loving with your mind. All yoga and meditation aim to attain this goal.

Vedic literature with its philosophical maxims is the highest religious authority for the Hindu in particular and probably for the whole of mankind in future.

Sanatana Dharma is  is grounded firmly on human consciousness and perception. Vedas introduced Consciousness , the most valuable thing on this planet , to Western philosophical thought. The Vedas are considered to be eternal, without beginning and end as they represent the divine truth itself as perceived through the elevated consciousness of great seers.

Upanishads are the divine revelations received by ancient seers. The sages who gave them to us did not care to leave their names; the truths they set down were eternal, and the identity of those who arranged the words irrelevant.

They represent the essence of the Vedas, the greatest truths ever known to mankind. The Upanishads are humanity's most profound philosophical inquiry and the first perceptions of the unity of all, the oneness of man and God. The Upanishads are also called the Vedanta. The Upanishads are not philosophy but are darshanas, “something seen” and therefore to be realized. The Upanishads teach that both space and time are endless or infinite. Modern science completely agrees.

The ancient Vedic rishis in all their wisdom said as early as 9000 BC , that our universe is not woven from  matter but consciousness. These seers and channels said,  that the universal laws are clear, your attitude about your life will shape it , that Matter, energy and consciousness are interchangeable—made popular by the formula E=MC2.

In their state of higher consciousness they realized that the ultimate constituents of the universe - energy and mass, particle and wave, - were but different aspects of the same basic process, but the same Oneness which pervaded the entire universe.

Today science has relearned that lesson.  Science, in its most advanced stage, is closer to Vedanta than ever before. The intuition of Indian mystics led them to understand the multidimensional reality and of space-time continuum which is the basis of the modern theory of relativity. The Upanishads are summits of thought on mankind and the universe, designed to push human ideas to their very limit and beyond.



In the Upanishads we get a glimpse into the workings of the minds of the great Indian thinkers who were unhampered by the tyranny of religious dogma, political authority, pressure of public opinion, seeking truth with single-minded devotion,  rare in the history of thought.

The Upanishads have given us a body of insights that have a universal quality about them and this universality derives from their impersonality. The sages who discovered them had depersonalized themselves in the search for truth.  Unlike modern Western philosophers who lift ideas and patent it in their names.



The ancient seer rishis wanted to go beyond nature and realize the transcendental nature of man. They dared to take up this challenge and the Upanishads are the unique record of the methods they adopted, the struggles they undertook and the victory they achieved in this astonishing adventure of human spirit. And this is conveyed to us in verses of great resonance power and poetic charm.




Hitler is free to claim Hindu god Ganapathi.  
But I guess Ganesh might be too obese for his taste.



A week ago during Ganesh Chaturti celebrations, a rabid Indian Muslim scholar Dr Zakir Nail denigrated Lord Ganapati and Lord Shiva.  He said Shiva cut off his son's head .

This is a fudged story invented by Tamil knowing white Christian missionaries, who owned printing presses.

To read the truth punch into google search LORD GANESHA , MILK DRINKING EPISODE- VADAKAYIL.

The Swastika is a Hindu TANTRA symbol, is as old as Hinduism itself.  

Lord Shiva’s son Lord Ganesha has it inscribed on his palm. It represents the cosmic spinning vortex.  Everything is energy.  All energy is a vortex . Millions of posts on Tantra on the Internet is all bull -- all charlatans.  I will put a post on Tantra , Hinduism's greatest contribution to this planet, soon. It is NOT about perverts and sex, as reduced by immature Vatican.


The Vedas state that there is incredible order and harmony and pattern which no accident can produce, and hence there is a consciousness in every molecule of matter. 

Consciousness is a form of scalar electromagnetic energy which with focused thought and intent can achieve extraordinary things. Consciousness is the intelligence, the organizing principle behind the arising of form. 


Electricity and gravitation are macroscopic properties that are caused by microscopic properties of the constituents. Consciousness is the macroscopic property of our brains that is caused by a microscopic property of its constituents. 


Can any other religious text come close to such profound wisdom, though all religions are offshoots of Hinduism.



The story of India is the history of religion. The more you know, the more you will fall in love with India and Hinduism .

Under the doctrine of karma, the ability to make choices remains with the individual.

The exodus has already started.





The wheel has turned full circle.


There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha, the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.  An electron drops or rises one single orbit and the matter changes drastically.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa.  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherd's or by evolved seers?



 

Above video:  Have you ever seen a rock festival where thousands dance ( not just waving hands ) , with NO drugs , no alcohol ,no  laser lights, no foot thumping music, no props , no lyrics for hours -- just pure spiritual ecstasy singing just two vocal lines with same tune  ? 




Above video: Put on your head phones. Rama and Krishna are avatars of Vishnu-- who walked this planet more than 6000 years ago..

This is the meaning of getting centered!



In Amsterdam below-- no sops, no coercion, all vegetarians, bringing "  happiness from within " to their empty lives.

 

I am re-opening this post and putting extra stuff.  

The essence of Hinduism in words. Hippies came to India in the sixties to seek this wisdom. I give it to you free on the Internet.

In my comments column below, a white Christian by the name of Henry, full of negativity, just defiled nay 
vandalized this peaceful post. 

If he had NOT done that I would NOT have added what follows—the gems of Hindu thought.

He thinks happiness is drinking liquor and smoking a cigar. These are just things used to fill up a dark hole in your life.

I forgive him.  Lest he think I am powerless to forgive , or give him nightmares and sleepless nights, he must read my next post about Tantra— the secretive left hand path of Hinduism.  Hinduism is unique—Hindus do not derive happiness at the expense of another's deep unhappiness.

This passage is for Henry—the quintessential uprooted man.

In India we do NOT equate wealth and material possessions with happiness. Our children are happy just with a cube of sugar, a cap of a bottle to be used as a wheel, and just running free on the beach. 

I am just happy to sit with my wife and children on the balcony— not even talking to each other. There is deep contentment INSIDE the house.  

Happiness is FREE. 

It is about filling up the space deep inside, or gratification of the soul. It is about equilibrium or dynamic balance between your SPIRIT , MIND AND MATTER. 

Happiness has to overtake you. Never equate happiness with matter. It is more of spirit and mind. Inner peace, like peace at home will make you happy. 

Happiness is a victory lap of positive forces over negative forces in your life.

The Mahaprajnaparamita Shastra states:
"When one seeks an object of desire,one suffers.
When one gets an object of desire,One fears losing it.
When one loses an object of desire,One is greatly troubled.
At each and every point,There is no joy."

All things of great value are absolutely free. Be comfortable in our own skin. There is no need to fake it or go against your grain or be a pretender — no need for wigs , high heels , hair dye or props like cigars .

The wisdom of Hinduism has come from our jungles having the most exotic animals and birds on this planet like tigers, rhino, peacocks etc. There is NO need for an elephant to try and run like a horse to improve its self esteem.  

A happy man does NOT care for page 3 and look at the moth eaten faces of celebrities, their rich mansions, cars and gadgets. You have no need to keep up with the Joneses and feel jealous. Your home is for you to live in not others to gape at.

Being close to beautiful nature— feeling ze cool wind through your hair, crisp air in your lungs, clean blue waters— rather feeling one with nature--  gives that  natural high.  If you are allergic to your area , flee from it.  For harmony with nature is a must. No point in having wheezing and a blocked nose. You cant even sleep properly or enjoy your food .

Being grounded and centred gives you freedom from worry, compulsive thinking , negativity and clinging.. 

You have the ability to play a bad hand well. You have hope in defeat and faith in your abilities. 

You can separate your pride from the situation in hand.  Do not expect  too much.  Do not concentrate on what you don’t have. I am NOT telling you to lose hope here. 

Unless you make peace with what you are , you will never be content with what you have.

Knowing what is right and not being able to do it is cowardice. Such a man cannot be happy from inside.

The current is food on the table. The past is shit in the septic tank. Why do you insist on entering this stinkin' tank every hour of the day?  Self pity and resentment are self destructive.

Living your life by design—not default.

Try this-- wiping a tear from a hungry man by giving him something you would have discarded anyway, giving a lift to a foot slogger on your route to work whom you have always ignored, wishing your office mate “happy new year” or "happy birthday" which you have never done before just because he is below your pecking order,  visiting someone who never expected you , in the hospital. Remember the hospital is a great leveller.

Feel the happiness course through your veins, when you are socially responsible.  Happiness is a huge by-product of those actions we take for the benefit of others. 

Thus compassion and forgiveness are perfectly selfish and wise acts.  Kindness, generosity, patience, tolerance, humility, fairness, helping others to grow and reach their potential -- all create INNER happiness.

You will sleep well at night, if you have a clean conscience – for you have never stitched up anybody .

Manage the pieces of your day , the best way you can and then feel like a winner. Because you have run your own race, you have no need to over analyze and then declutter your mind or tonsure the past with booze and drugs.

Respond to daily events in a manner which is in harmony with the oneness of the fabric and principles of the universe. You must feel that you are growing in life.

Use pain solely for feedback. Using pain as a message from nature.  

Respond to life proactively, not reactively. 

Eat to live, do NOT live to eat.

You must have a good sense of humor. 

Never breach a trust. You must take pride in own character.

Follow your emotions but know when to control them. An easy and calm mind can only be attained when emotions are allowed a safe expression. 

Sex is natural and god given, there is NO need to repress it. The Pope and his Catholic priests must think over this.

Look at your own assets with pride, see the positive.  Age reversing emotions are joy, forgiveness, love, respect, friendship, self esteem and lightheartedness . The skin tone shows on people who are not self actualized and unable to laugh. 

Only laughter can release those chemicals which electrify your nerves and resonate the trillions of cells in your body.  Have zest and enthusiasm for life.  Avoid bad manners.

There is no need to take things personally and be hypersensitive. There is no need to dwell for ever on nasty remarks . Have the ability to move on in life after grieving.  If you have to look into the rear view mirror, give only darting glaces. 

Avoid seeing only problems and zilch possibilities. Do not be mired in self pity.  Never be addicted to emotional drama, hysteria and cynicism.
.
The Bhagawat Gita wants you to enjoy the moment or give life a full blooded shot.  

Have  grace under pressure. Avoid negative revengeful thoughts. Don’t bark at the dog who barked at you—or bite the dog who bit you. There is NIL wisdom in this.  

Do NOT break your own word to yourself consistently, once in a while is OK.

Never go to bed with unresolved differences with your wife and children. Spend quality time with them—this is the fountainhead of happiness.

Have the ability to adapt and CHANGE to the new order , lest you remain vulnerable and unhappy in the unfamiliar zone.  

Never let a small dispute injure a great friendship.

Hindus transited from extremely righteous "Rama avatar" to practical life management of "Krishna avatar" with some major changes . 

The preserver God Lord Vishnu saw the need to do that in a hurry. 

This is contained in the Bhagawat Gita as Lord Krishna’s pep talk to Prince Arjuna just before the war in 4000 BC.  

Have the ability to say NO and pull the plug. Have the ability to cast a shoe aside that does not fit— be graceful , mature and poised while doing this.

Never sweat the small stuff. Never short sell yourself. Learn to let go at the right time. Make peace with your past , so that you don't mar your present . 

Refuse to be swayed by emotion when it conflicts with reason. Avoided problems will not go away, rather it becomes worse. Accept that life is NOT always fair.

Never jump into the bandwagon, or bow to precedent.  

Never be preoccupied with stuff over which you have zilch control. Never let criticism shake your inner confidence. 

Happiness is NOT in the mundane, but in the deep ocean of happiness that lies beneath. Live beneath your means and within your seams.

Happiness is not a constant. Just because you are not happy it does not mean something is wrong. Perfect utopia lies only in the minds of unhappy and negative thinking perfectionists.

Happiness cannot be thrust upon you, for it comes from within as a result of your own actions. All seasons are beautiful for the person whose happiness comes from within.  

Have a sense of humor, or you are like the jalopy car without a suspension, jolted and brain whacked by every pot hole. 

Use sense of humor as a balancing pole pole on the tightrope of life .

AFTER THE GAME OF LIFE , THE KING AND THE PAWN GOES INTO THE SAME BOX--  there is no reason to indulge in too much of one-upmanship while alive, with another man on another raft by your side. 

Don’t try to make him feel jealous like our man Henry, with his T bone beef steak, fancy wine and cuban cigar.

All of us are in rafts on a rapid flowing river of life, heading for that 100% sure plunge down the waterfall of death.  

While on this raft, fish, but do NOT over fish.  Be graceful to the people on rafts near you.

Once your raft goes over the waterfall all your riches go down with you. Even the Pharaoh could NOT prevent this.

If you have done good to this planet and your society while alive, someone will remember you .


Hinduism has always given answers to Life Management. 



What was applicable 11000 years ago, is still applicable today.

Wisdom is the only weapon which follows the owner everywhere.

Without positive emotions man can’t be happy.  No dream can become true unless you have some skill and go to work.  Belief is the power behind all accomplishments. The man who wins is the man who thinks he can.  

Faith and trust are the seeds which bring the sweet fruits of success. Will power is the decision to carry on the fight.  Self esteem is required to make a person mentally healthy.  

We need family and friends to improve our emotional health.  No one can lead a healthy life in isolation. An unusual amount of commonsense is called wisdom. Wisdom is discriminating between right and wrong.  

Knowledge is about knowing more and more— wisdom is about knowing less and less. To be successful you must be exited about life. Life is a festival only to those who live with enthusiasm.

If your life is devoid of opportunities then you are not taking enough risks. It is not enough to aim, you must hit.  Failure to hit the bulls eye is never the fault of the target.  

Belief in predetermined destiny is the only refuge of weak minds. Take responsibility for your failures.  

A prayer is to the soul what air is to the lungs. 

There is a difference between planning and worrying.  Planning is constructive, worry is destructive.  Jealousy is poison for the soul. 

Better to forgive and forget than hate and remember.  Fear tends to produce the things we are afraid of. The blatant display of status symbols is the result of low self esteem.  

The self confident person can afford to project a modest image.  The best time to solve a problem is as soon at it happens. 

The purpose of life is not only to be happy, but also to be creative , productive and useful— to make a difference that you lived at all on this planet.


Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL and get shocked out of your pants. 










Chosen deities are called ISHTA DEVATAS -- you choose a god for yourself, whose form or avatar,  you are comfortable with--from hundreds--  only Hinduism affords this total freedom.  

This is the charm of Hinduism .  It does NOT chain you.  Some ridicule that we have too many gods.  

Well we dont think so-- as we like to have the total freedom of choosing from hundreds of paths to the same goal.  We like to be comfortable with what we visualise, after all God is within is . 

Some may NOT like to visualize a god in pain bleeding all over on a cross,  or a god without form  and you are forbidden under pain of death from visualizing it too,  or a god sitting in a boring meditative pose etc.  

There is great power in human conscious CHOICE. What happens to you after 21st Dec 2012,  depends on your conscious CHOICE. 

HINDUISM IS POWERED BY THE LAWS OF DHARMA--  SURRENDER TO YOUR CONSCIENCE,  WHEN YOU HAVE TO MAKE THAT CHOICE. 




IF ANYBODY DOES NOT AGREE WITH THE TITLE OF THIS POST--  HERE IS MY WAGER-- 

I WANT YOU TO PLOT THE NUMBER OF NON-HINDUS LIKE CHRISTIANS AND JEWS WHO DISREGARD THEIR FAITHS AND OPT FOR CREMATION INSTEAD OF BURIAL--EVERY THREE YEARS .  IF THIS UPWARDLY MOBILE GRAPHS DIPS ANYTIME IN FUTURE ,  LET ME KNOW--AND I WILL GIVE YOU ALL MY MONEY. 
********************************************************************
MUTHAPPAN DEITY OF NORTH KERALA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



MUTHAPPAN DEITY OF NORTH KERALA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Probably my next post will be about TANTRA.

If you punch into Google search the word Tantra, you will get 27 million posts-- all bull.

There are hundreds of Tantra masters advertising their wares along with photographs, I guess they think they are SEX PROFESSORS.

To be honest all these charlatans should be thrown into jail and the keys thrown away into the ocean.

Before that let me talk about deities of Kerala before the sixth avatar of Vishnu, Lord Parashurama came from the Saraswati river banks in 4000 BC, with some brahmins who head learnt the Vedas and the Upanishads by heart in tow.

Parashurama was a Kshatriya hater. When he came to Kerala the Vedic 4 tiered caste system did NOT exist.  People lived in harmony worshiping their own deities.

It must be noted that Vishnu, Shiva and Brahma were known to the people of Kerala. Vishnu took his fifth avatar as Vamana ( the blue faced brahmin midget ) to kill our Asura king Mahabali who was adored by the masses. 

This victory of devas over asuras is the original Diwali.  In Kerala we do NOT celebrate Diwali, for we loved our king Mahabali, whom Vishnu killed by deceit.



The Onam festival of Kerala  is to welcome King Mahabali every year at harvest times, to reminisce good times. The rest of India does NOT celebrate this festival. 

This Onam festival is NOT a Hindu festival.  Onam is celebrated by Muslims and Christians and the rest of the religions.

Anyway Parashurama came and donated lands to the Namboodiri Brahmins he brought with him. There were NO Kshatriyas for Parashurama to kill.  Basically he grabbed lands and donated it to the Namboodiris.

Kerala is a narrow strip of land between the Arabian sea and the Western Ghat mountains. In those days , 6000 years ago, Kerala was an advanced society. 

Broadly there were two types of people. The highlanders who stayed on the mountains and the plain dwellers who lived between the sea and the mountain chain.

The highlanders were called Malayyars (mountain top dwellers). 

The plain dwellers were called Thirayyars ( sea wave navigators ).

Parashurama grabbed lands from the Thirayyars , (called Thiyyas now ), who have all shifted to North Kerala, from Trichur to Mangalore. 

They still continue with the matrilineal system, where women are empowered.

The lore says Parashurama threw his axe and reclaimed the sea. The real practical meaning could be that, that he used axe-power to grab the lands.



Even in 4000 BC when Parshurama came here the Thirayyars traded with Palestine, Egypt , and even Crete. Shiva Lingams , or black meteorite stones,  have been seen at places of worship, in Cyprus and Crete. 

The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.




Probably in 6000 BC, Crete was connected to the mainland, as later there were huge tectonic shifts and volcanic bursts which sank major parts of this island.



Above wall cave art, see the top RH corner.

See the official Freemason symbol below.



The Edakkal caves of Kerala you can see cave art dated 12000 BC. It shows our sacred symbols. Can you believe this? Rothschild has lifted one of them for the FREE MASON SYMBOL.



Let me talk about the deities  

The British called them Pagan. But I have seen for myself that they are very powerful forces.

Our cook was having a back ache, basically she was living to eat and soon developed a pot belly. It reached a stage that she was earning her wages doing nothing, with my wife slogging in the kitchen.

So I suggested that we must be practical and let go this cook and hire someone else. Or it was like having a watch dog and barking yourself.

It so transpired that my wife told the broker lady to arrange for another cook. And we would continue paying the old cook for another 2 months, and if she still cannot heal her back pain, then tough luck!

The new cook came, my wife interviewed her and we decided to keep her. She was to come after 4 days, after visiting her relatives.

Then after two days the broker lady came to our house and she told my wife " I saw your old cook, praying at the GULIKAN kavu.. There is NO way the new cook can come now, as the Gulikan deity is a powerful negative force ".

When my wife told me this , I  laughed it off.  

In this present era, what black magic and witch craft? TEEE HEEEE!

But my wife is very orthodox in her beliefs. She has retained the full culture of Kerala , despite attending school and college in Mumbai. 

Today after 3 decades of marriage I can say-- my wife has never eaten before me or with me. She will feed me and my sons children first and then eat. 

This may be very difficult for a white man to digest. This is our culture.

If I want to make my wife cry, all I need is to go to the kitchen and make a cup of tea for myself. And then whole say she will mope, like the quintessential cat, wondering what she dragged in , that her master is upset.

Getting back-

The day the new cook was supposed to come we were keeping KV ( keen vigilance ).

She walked nearly 2 kilometers and just 50 metres from our house she fell into the gutter and broke her leg!

Horoscopes are cast by every Hindu of Kerala in which the position of the Gulikan is clearly indicated. The Gulikan’s position indicates when the person will die. 

A red fowl and a ram are sacrificed in the Gulikan’s honour on important festive occasions like Omam and Vishu. 

Sometimes, the oracle of the Gulikan, in trance, directs the fishermen to handle times of crisis. The oracle reveals the causes of illness and discloses the remedy.



Now let me talk about MUTHAPPAN.



The Muthappan deity is known in North Kerala to be very powerful. There is an oracle attached to the temple, who goes into a trance and then can read off akashik ( zero point field ) records.

Soldiers in the Indian army from Kerala , and nearby Tamil Nadu. Karnataka states when they come back home from deadly battle fields like Kargil or Kashmir or Naxal areas, will go to the Muthappan temple first and then go home.

When your life is in extreme danger, you invoke the deity, ask for deliverance, then you have to pay respects ASAP.

Now let me see how this related to me.

My elder son finished his ME at Cornell USA. 

His OPT clearance was just not coming from US Homeland Security. All his friends and class mates who applied 1 month after him got the OPT. 

He could NOT go to college any more to use the recreational facilities as he has passed out. And all his friends had gone away.  This gives an empty feeling.

He suffered mental agony for a month, and then on checking he was told by the US authorities that his OPT application does NOT exist at all in their computer. 

My wife told me that she will invoke Muthappan, as suggested the maid. 



She felt very peaceful after that. Whether it is coincidence or not, the OPT clearance arrived within 3 days.

I was on the ship, so my wife went to Kannur to the Muthappan temple, with her aunt.  She offered coconut toddy liquor, fried dried fish , mongo beans or cherupayar bajee, coconut meat etc.  This is the simple fare, plus a small token fee in currency.

There is a larger temple at Parashini Kadavu , 22 kms off  Kannur.

The origin of the Muthappan temple is connected to the appearance of a good looking child who roamed the area with a string of interesting incidents and later vanished without a trace. 

The incidents up to the point of his disappearance later made the locals feel the divine presence of Muthappan (Siva) who immediately erected a place of worship, which today is popularly known as the Parassinikadavu Muthappan Temple.

Hindus, Muslims, Christians and Namboodiri brahmins offer their prayers here. 

Why not? 

You say in your mind that will make an offering is you get success in what you want- and against all hope,  if you attain success , why not?

The best part is if you make such a mental promise and do NOT go, later after many year , if you go the Oracle in his trance will come to you and ask you why you did not come, when I made so and so of your wish possible for you so many years ago.



Here you can see the Kerala dance form of Theyyam, a ritual that is performed here on a daily basis.  Men adorning masks and costumes with a riot of colors perform this temple art form and it represents conflict between good and evil, with good ultimately emerging victorious.



Sree Muthappan is always accompanied by a dog and dogs are considered sacred here .There are two carved bronze dogs at the entrance of the temple that are believed to symbolize the bodyguards of the God. When the Prasadam  is ready, it is first served to a dog that is always ready inside the temple complex.

A few years ago, temple authorities decided to reduce the number of dogs inside the temple, So they took some dogs and puppies away. That very day, the Oracle came a cropper. He was unable to go into a trace, for the first time,  in thousands of years tradition. 

The spirit of Sree Muthappan enters the performer's body for the duration of the ceremony. Realizing their mistake, the dogs were brought back to the temple by the temple authorities. From that day onwards, Theyyam performances returned to norm.



A lot of you might wonder-- dogs, liquor, dried fish , a guy in a trance -- in a temple?  

YES!
********************************************************************
TANTRA , LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM, FORBIDDEN RAZOR'S EDGE VAMACHARA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


TANTRA ,  LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM,  THE FORBIDDEN RAZOR'S EDGE VAMACHARA- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THIS POST CANNOT BE REPLICATED WITHOUT REFERRING TO THE SOURCE.



In 1839, Capt TS Burt , an engineer of the British East India Company stumbled on to some huge stone block structures in a dense forest infested with wild animals and snakes.  



It was getting dark, so he came back the next day with a huge work force to clear the thicket , and what they saw struck the wind out of their sails. They were least prepared for a sight, out of this world. In an area of 9 square miles they found 85 vandalized temples, of which 25 were partially intact.  



Amazing erotic sculptures lay shattered everywhere with hammers , the work of mindless Muslim invaders 650 years before. 




Since then the whole area was uninhabited. 




 Much later it was found out that a Mughal Sanskrit scholar Abū al-Rayhān Muhammad ibn Ahmad al-Bīrūn had visited the temple complex in AD 1022 while he accompanied the Muslim invader Mahmud of Ghazni . Mahmud 's soldiers raped even dead Hindu women. 



Ghazni plundered gold from the temple . Al Birun stole all important texts in Astronomy, Science, Maths and Medicine which he would translate later to Arabic and Persian.  



The Moroccan Arab traveler Ibn Battuta visited the ruined temple complex in AD 1335 and had written about the temple structure . No cement was used. Huge blocks of granite some as heavy as 20 tons , were fitted in place and the temples was held together by gravity.  



The Chandela Rajput Dynasty who built these temples belonged to the Tantric Vamachara of left handed branch of Hinduism. 




See the video below



There are two ways to a goal.  An acceptable to society front door entry and an unacceptable and maybe more pleasurable back door entry. Vamachara branch took this back door.

Let me explain the back door entry in a more lucid manner .

On my ship I allow my crew to meditate via the back door every month. It is important for their mental health, in a chemical field fraught with danger.

The motto on board is WORK HARD PLAY HARD. Every day we play with deadly chemicals on our stainless steel chemical tanker. Mind you, this field is merciless and unforgiving.  It saps your will, if you cant win against the elements hurled against you day after day , hour after hour. The work is enervating. 

My wife , who has sailed with me for 9 years , sometimes asks me , listen,  why don't you retire from chemicals tankers and do something more safer.  This will be like asking a tiger who tastes blood daily to eat grass, or a shark which needs the deep ocean salt water ( read as pressure ) to flow past its gills , to swim in a mangy chlorinated swimming pool.  

"Meditation via back door concept " was first propounded by Osho Rajneesh, a very intelligent man-- rather he is the NO 1 genius, to walk on this planet.  He had the answers to life management.  You make yourself dog tired in a medium you love- it could be dancing – it could be sex-- after that you go to sleep.

After the storm comes the peace ( maan, don't ask me how many pieces ) . Piece -- nay-- peace , comes to you whether you like it or not.  I assure my crew continuous rest of 12 hours after such a " meditation " session.

At sea we don't have the pleasure of shoving piece – nay-- peace down our throats, by proper time consuming meditation. When they wake up they feel like babies.

I tell my officers to keep their stripes and attitudes in their cabins , before they come down to the lounge for the party. No coming to the party with old baggage. For they have to jump into the melting pot. They have to place their ego on the back burner or rather melt their egos, and gel with their subordinates, once a month.


I keep a hawk's eye , yet nobody knows this, or cares.  For if a leader cant bond with his team in harmony in times of peace , how can he bond with them when sh#t hits the fan -- in the midst of a raging fire and bodies and limbs strewn around you, after an explosion?

In the party all are equal, nobody is more equal than others.  It is NOT about dancing entirely. We have fun,  we talk , we converse, we sing, we crack jokes, we reminisce.

No one-upmanship,  no putting people in their places,  no chattering minds,  no self delusions-- no hidden agendas,  no over inflated self importance,  no distorted interpretations,  no selective perceptions,  no staring into the rear view mirror,  no self pity,  no resentments.

-- yes—

you may call this Utopia. 

At this very moment if some boss from my company were to suddenly drop from the sky, he would wonder, what the hell?  He will not understand . 

We are now doing the Vamachara .

Ok, put your head phones on and listen to Vamachara by Archerontas, a black metal group. 

This might help you to savvy what follows—  for Black Metal is the Vamachara branch of Rock music. The guitarists use dissonance, along with specific scales, intervals and chord progressions— to create a sense of awe and dread.  Raspy vocals include shrieking, screaming and snarling. 



Having modeled themselves in the Vamachara style, these concerts are highly controversial shows, with impaled animal heads, mock crucifixions,  medieval weaponry and band members doused in animal blood. Black metal artists dress in black with combat boots, bullet belts, spiked wristbands and inverted crosses to reinforce their anti-religious stance.




Now back to Tantra.

Tantrics regard the cosmos as an indivisible whole.

The Sanatana Dharma Vedas do NOT allow mundane worldy pleasures to be woven with the purity spiritual quest.  

In this respect  you can be either in dark and forbidden Vamachara river bank  or bright and accepted Dakshinachara river bank  – not both .  


You are NOT allowed to mix lust with love.  

Both the sides of the river are never to meet from source to the sea.. Tantra sees the river and its banks as a whole—it is a different view altogether. River cannot exist without its banks.

Tantrics are well aware of the Quantum screen and how yin ( Tamas ) became Yang ( Rajas ) via the middle prong Sattwa, in a seamless manner.

The Dakshinachara style is the Vedic style ( right handed path ) were you undergo pain via penance to come into consciousness.  

The Vamachara style ( left handed path ) is done via forbidden pleasures . Yet none of the Tantrics are hedonists as they remain above this base plane.  

This left handed style is now dead. The Vedic right handed style has decimated this Vamachara path. 

Probably few naked tantrics who converge at the 12 yearly Kumbh Mela might still know this science. But they will NOT show that they know it.  

People used to say that a certain “Devarahawa Baba “ was a great master. He might be dead now, even though all call him the “ageless sage” . By the way an ordinary saint is different from the extra-ordinary sage. 

Yatha pindande tatha bhrahmande. Whatever is in the microcosm is also in the macrocosm.

They knew the cosmos is holographic,  including the human body.  The human body belongs to the microcosm , and it has a perfect equation with the macrocosm.   

The human body could send scalar fields to hyperpace by actuating the Mobius coils in the DNA and the blood veins and arteries.

They knew the seven chakras of the human and their powerful equation with the macrocosm.  Tantrics hold the human body as the pinnacle of creation, and they spent their energies in unlocking these amazing secrets by hit and trial or by following a Guru who had already experienced everything.  

They experimented with longitudinal sound waves ( mantras ) , the shape of divine FRACTAL 4D geometry ( Sri Yantra which holds the Theory of Everything ), the VIBGYOR colours attributed to human chakras, the silent communication with the macrocosm with fingers ( mudras ) , the powers of super herbs hallucinates like SOMA for exploding the 5 human senses, the subtle properties of minerals , the power of breathing ( pranayama ) , the positions of the moon ,stars and planets , visualization of chosen dieties while meditating , the organic chemistry of herbs – all this in relation with his own mind , soul and body.  


Chosen deities are called ISHTA DEVATAS -- you choose a god for yourself, whose form or avatar,  you are comfortable with--from hundreds--  only Hinduism affords this total freedom.  

This is the charm of Hinduism .  It does NOT chain you.  Some ridicule that we have too many gods.  

Well we dont think so-- as we like to have the total freedom of choosing from hundreds of paths to the same goal.  We like to be comfortable with what we visualise, after all God is within is . 

Some may NOT like to visualize a god in pain bleeding all over on a cross,  or a god without form  and you are forbidden under pain of death from visualizing it too,  or a god sitting in a boring meditative pose etc.  

There is great power in human conscious CHOICE. What happens to you after 21st Dec 2012,  depends on your conscious CHOICE. 

Fire whch cannot be polluted and which spreads upwards negating the law of gravity , is the centre of all Tantric rituals.  Tantrics can cure people with incurable diseases just by using holy ash from the fire he has meditated on.  This is done in conjunction with astrology and a bit of alchemy and a subtle connection with Akasha or the Zero Point Field . Tantra addresses all concerns of the body, mind and spirit..

Tantra is a highly complex and sophisticated science and hence it requires a Guru to teach you Tantra. 

The Internet is full of thousands of fake charlatan Tantrics wanting free screws with attractive women. Tantric have always shunned the spotlight for millieniums, even by adopting unacceptable behavior, and there is NO way they will advertise their wares by TV and Internet.  

All such people should be put in jail.

To be honest,  Tantra existed before the Vedas were written.  

Even today we have Tantra rituals  ( sans sex ) in Kerala kavus and several temples all over India.  Tantrics can seduce and manipulate , such is their magnetism, but they are not allowed to do that.  

This is why most of them are naked , cover themselves in ash and mud and hold human skulls to revolt the senses of selfish learners who want a crash course in Tantra so that they can grab power in society.  

These Tantrics can sit in the middle of a venomous snake pit filled with hundreds of cobras and vipers and draw a circle around them, which no snake will transgress.

Can you imagine Rasputin having a thousand times more power and perception?



The white Christian invader and their missionary double agents who flooded Indian had one look at Khajuraho temple in Orissa and cried “ Aaaha , Tantra is perverted sex”.  

They already were a bit puzzled with several bizarre things they witnessed like the Great Indian Rope Trick , holy men swimming for hours in a lake full of ice,  hanging upside down on a tall tree by the bent knee for days together , if they fall asleep they die,---

---  staring at the solar eclipse, surviving only on sunlight and water,  stopping the heart beat voluntarily,  hanging by the hair for a whole day, accelerating heartbeat and then reducing the rate as and when told , sleeping on a bed of sharp nails , driving enemies insane without looking at them , walking on fire,  etc.  

They could maintain huge penile erections the whole day in front of a cheering crowd and lift huge boulders with sheer prick power -- or suck water from a bowl by using the penis like a straw, break as many coconuts as you want with their heads , neutralize the bit of a venomous snake , cure small pox---

-- catch thieves by telling a crowd of people inclusive of the thief by holding a “singing bowl” ( lota ) which they would resonate by mental vortex zaps ( the thief will drop it with a bang as if he got an electric shock ),  lead you to lost valuables , making wild beasts follow them like the pied piper etc  . 

In fact when the British first saw Vivekananda’s guru Swami Paramahamsa, they were surprised to see many incompatible animals and birds following him around in harmony where ever he walked.  

And then they knew something is there behind all this.

For driving enemies insane they concentrate the powers of the mind on the feathers of two natural enemies –say an owl and a crow. They do this at night on a full moon. They further charge the feathers with chillie , salt, neem paste, silently recite INTERNALcontemplative Bhairava mantras ( Bhairava is a powerful form of Shiva ) , manipulate fingers in Mudra signs and bury it a chosen place. 

let me digress-


I had an Estonian IT engineer coming on my ship to retrieve my Satcom communication system which had a virus. He and his wife were running a Kundalini and Mudra school, back home . He has zilch idea what the ancient Vedic science was, yet they were teaching a highly evolved art, where everything has to be done with Fibonacci precision and timing .



Their own bodies act as Yantras and channels .This is all about retentive energy. The uninitiated who try to do this without adept guidance can slip off the razor’s edge , can get mentally and psychologically injured which they will take as vices and phobias into their next birth.

I am reminded of what one pilot in UK told me. When he was a third mate , his ship went to Calcutta and a Tantric came on board . He was stitting in the Chief Officers cabin ,when the Gangway watch brought this Tantric up to the cabin. 

The British Chief Officer who did NOT believe in charlatans , being a staunch Catholic believer, ridiculed this man and told him to get off the ship.  

This man then told something softly and Chief Officer fainted on the spot.  

The Tantric walked off the ship.  After the Chief officer was revived, he was ashen faced and did NOT say anything about this for two month. 

Then one day he got roaring drunk and said that the Tantric told him about a murder he committed in England about a decade ago,  including the way he did it.  

Nobody knew this except himself.  From that day onwards he lost a major debilitating phobia of his.

Let me digress into science –

The human blood contains the electrogenetic Mobius coil in the shape of DNA-- the sacred spiral. The mysterious Spiral is a uniting symbol for all the subjects ,cosmology, quantum physics, psychology, philosophy, ancient civilisations, megalithic cultures and all occult belief systems. 

The vacuum is actually a plenum. It contains an abundant amount of energy, the zero point energy. There is a cosmic dance of energy back and forth between the physical realm and the zero point field, a constant creation and destruction of matter from the void. 

Our DNA is influenced by scalar waves and acoustics ( mantras ) can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether .The primary function of our DNA is not protein synthesis, as biologists will tell you , but the reception and transfer of scalar energy. 

We can tap into the Zero Point Energy field. It is called vacuum energy because it is descriptive of the energy in a perfect vacuum, where no light or matter is present.



For a diatomic (two atoms) molecule, for example, the zero-point energy per mole, E0, can be given by the equation: E0 = y N h c f, where N is the Avogadro constant number of 6.0221367 × 1023 ,   h is Planck’s constant of 6.626 × 10-34 joule-seconds, c is the velocity of light in vacuum of 299,792,458 m/sec , and f is the frequency of vibration depending on the mass of the molecule, (which is different  for different isotopes of the same element.).

A scalar wave is far different from a regular wave in that a scalar wave goes in all directions into the surroundings. A vector quantity has magnitude and direction while a scalar quantity has only magnitude. 

Tapping the zero-point energy means making one or more energy patterns reverberate, which will cause extra energy to follow suit, just like acoustic amplification in a wind instrument or Bose wave-radio. 

Super genius Nikola Tesla could tap into ZPF. He was introduced to this akasha concept by the great Indian master Swami Vivekananda.

Getting back--

The Khajuraho temple does NOT leave anything to the imagination with men , women and animals engaged in group orgies. The Indian king who contructed this temple belonged to the forbidden Vamachara sect—like I said before , older than Vedic Sanatana Dharma.  



And you may be shocked when I tell you that this secretive sect has the amazing magic powers . Even today when you go for the 12 yearly Kumbh Mela you can see them coming out from nowhere totally naked . 



They do NOT display their powers to the camera, for they shun publicity, for fear of losing their powers.



All Indians are very familiar with Satya Sai baba producing Vibhuti ash from his closed fist. This is a miniscule act as far as Tantra is concerned.  Energy and matter is inconvertible.  E=MC2 , and that energy cannot be destroyed was known to Indians even before it was written in the Vedas in 5000 BC.


In Kerala the Vamachara Tantriks have meat, fish ,liquor and sex. The Tantrics wear the 9 gem ring. Recently when the Russians excavated the Arkaim Stonehenge they found this Navagraha ring and the Swastika ( a Tantric energy vortex sign ) . 


This is a sure indication that this structure was used by tantrics.  The Russian Arkaim Stonehenge is 3000 years older and much larger and grander than the British one .  



This place was visited by Putin in 2005 and declared as a national treasure as soon as he saw the ancient Hindu Swastika symbol on non-earthen  pottery , and found the square within a circle similar to the Sri Yantra mandala and this Navagraha ring.  



This Stonehenge was built during the rule of Emperor Vikramaditya in 7000 BC.

All real tantrics know how to raise the Kundalini just by an act of controlled sex . 




This breed of Vamachara Tantrics is now dead, as Soma ( an organic herb thousand times more potent than LSD ) which is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC, is NOT available any more. This is NOT Western hedonism.


They knew how to use the Mobius figure of eight coil inside the rib cageand the DNA.





Soma is frequently mentioned in the 7000 year old Rigveda, whose Soma Mandala contains 114 hymns, many praising its energizing qualities.


We have drunk the Soma;
We have become immortal;
We have gone to the light;
We have found the gods    
- 
Rig Veda 8.48



The cobra on Lord Shiva’s shoulder is indicative of released Kundalini.  



Jesus Christ stayed in Kerala for 3 years , before he burst upon the scene at Jerusalem, to learn from Tantriks and to raise his Kundalini.  This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness.  





In human beings, Shakti, the feminine aspect is called Kundalini.  This potential energy rests at the base of the spinal cord. The object of the Tantric practice of Kundalini-yoga is to awaken this cosmic energy and make it ascend through the psychic centres, the chakras, that lie along the axis of the spine as consciousness potentials. She will then unite above the crown of the head with Shiva the pure consciousness. This union is the aim of Kundalini-yoga: a resolution of duality into unity again, a fusion with the Absolute. By this union the adept attains liberation while living which is considered in Indian life to be the highest experience: an union of the individual with the universe.

Kundalini awakened humans are provided with a life force beyond everyday understanding.  It allows them to fully experience their spiritual as well as worldly lives, as the line separating the two becomes almost nonexistent. And Vamachara Tantra uses sex to do this all the while enjoying yourself..




Tantra carries us beyond the dualities of masculine and feminine.  By awakening our consciousness to ourselves, we awake our consciousness to the universe. We move beyond the dualities imposed by human minds. We move beyond the ego and for a moment, we experience pure bliss.


A Vamachara tantra master trains his disciples in overcoming of sexual inhibitions, guilt and fear.  He takes his student to unimagined heights of ecstasy. When about to explode into an orgasm you decelerate until time stands still.



The spiritual awakening of a sadhak is described in Tantra by means of the symbol of the awakening and rising of the Kundalini power.




There are two kinds of energy associated with matter- potential and kinetic, the sum total of which is a constant. The kinetic energy, which may be only a fraction of the total energy, is involved in the movement or action of a body. 



According to Tantra, the Kundalini, in the form of cosmic energy, is present, in everything, even in a particle of matter. Only a fraction of it, like the kinetic energy, is operative, while an unmeasured residuum is left, like the potential energy, ‘coiled up’ and untapped at the ‘base root’. 



A specific ratio between the active and the total energies of the kundalini determines the present condition and behaviour of the bodily apparatus. A change in the ratio is necessary to effect a change in its present working efficiency by transforming the grosser bodily elements into finer. A transformation, dynamisation, and sublimination of the physical, mental, and vital apparatus is only possible through what is called the rousing of the Kundalini and its reorientation from ‘downward facing’ to ‘upward facing.’ 



The passage of the awakened Kundalini lies through the Sushumna, which is described as the central nerve in the nervous system. A kind of hollow canal, the Sushumna passes through the spinal column connecting the base centre (Chakra) at the bottom of the spine with the centre at the cerebrum. Tantra speaks of six centres (Chakras) through which Sushumna passes.



In the ordinary worldly person these centres (Chakras) are closed, and the lotuses droop down like buds. As the Kundalini rises through the Sushumna Canal and touches the centres, these buds turn upward as fully opened flowers and the aspirant obtains spiritual experiences. The goal in spiritual practice is to make the Kundalini ascend from the centres, which are lower and more veiled to those which are higher and more conscious.. 


At this sixth centre (the two-petalled white lotus located at the junction of the eyebrows) the jiva sheds its ego and burns the seed of duality, and its higher self rises from the ashes of its lower self. It now dies physically, as it were, in order to be able to live in pure consciousness. The sixth centre is the key by which the power in the thousand-petalled lotus in the cerebrum, which is like the limitless ocean, is switched on to the little reservoir which is the individual self, filling the latter and making it overflow and cease to be the little reservoir.



Finally the Kundalini rises to the lotus at the cerebrum and becomes united with Shiva, or the Absolute, and the aspirant realises, in the transcendental experience, his union with Siva-Sakti. The opening of the petals of the thousand-petalled lotus, which endows the illumined person with omniscience, is equivalent to the functioning of all the brain cells of a yogi in samadhi-- the open third eye.

Kundalini which exhibits pronounced psychic and trans-temporal effects is the 'channel' that connects the unmanifest void, with the manifest world of subatomics, atoms, molecules and cells and is the cellular expression of energy generated from the vacuum .

Kundalini buffers the harshness of bare reality.  Increased heart field and EMF of the nervous system during the peak Kundalini, acts like a biological synchrotron to actually change certain elements in the central nervous system into their high spin monatomic state.  Scalar waves  encode the information of space and time into a timeless, spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns.  Kundalini has the  effect of stimulating an increased flow of ions upping the body’s dipole and increasing the EMF.

A cell possesses two characteristics—capacitance and inductance—which are the elements of a tuned circuit like a radio. The cell must be tuned to the desired frequency needed to sustain life. 5% of our nervous system is composed of monatomic elements. Over 5% of the brain tissue by dry matter weight is Rhodium and Iridium. During heightened activation the body can transmute certain palladium group elements such as Iridium and Rhodium into their high spin state by adding energy in the form of photons to the atoms. 


It is through this high spin atomic nervous system that we achieve cosmic consciousness, Buddha mind and all ESP and spiritual phenomena. Each cell has its own individual bio-quantum potential.  The planet is a living being,  each cell has its own individual bio-quantum potential , each molecule has its own electromagnetic signature.

Our DNA is capable of producing and receiving sound (phonons) and light (photons) The DNA is a kind of a lens which can attract electromagnetic energy into itself.  Every biochemical reaction is preceded by an electromagnetic signal.

Cells themselves have the ability to perfectly reprogram their own DNA when the external environment demands it.  Life is fundamentally electromagnetic than biochemical, the DNA blueprint functioning as a biohologram which serves as a guiding matrix for organizing physical form.  DNA can be influenced by acoustic, electromagnetic and scalar waves our DNA can even be “read” or “rewritten” as a textual (and acoustic!) genetic code. Hence no antioxidant can be as powerful as thought.  Cymatics has demonstrated the power of acoustics ( mantras ).



The sexual part is basically CHAKRA PUJA.  The human body has 7 chakras , which are altars of the body temple. The tantric master is the Chakra Master or the Lord of the Chakras spirals. This concept has been hijacked and murdered by Harry Potter.

All energy is a spiral , rather a vortex--  there is nothing called a wave , you see in physics books. In real nature, in the proverbial real “real world”, there is no such thing as a circle.   This is the naked truth. Nature is in constant evolution—It can never ever be a circle. 

Rather it is a SPIRAL which swings on and on, upwards, higher and higher still, ever changing, where not a single thing remains the same from one loop to the next, forever and ad infinitum.  Even magnetism is a spiral. Our  enchanted world is in full forward flow. It must. It was never designed to stand still and sink into chaos and atrophy.

They is always a backdoor easier entry to everything in life.  Here the divine force resides in the Muladhara Chakra ( hanging out pointing downwards at your scrotum ) at the base of your spine. Kundalini Shakti ( the female form of Shiva ) is dormant there.


The Tantric masters use puja purified liquor to raise the Kundalini, in the absence of the potent hallucinant Soma.  The timing is as per auspicious stellar and planetary configurations when cosmic forces render assistance, in a spiritually charged place.  Hindu gods are regularly displayed with their female consorts or counterparts.  Tantra involves the balancing of these two aspects—Shiva (representing consciousness) and Shakti (representing energy)—in a manner reminiscent of yin and yang.

Tantra looks at life with a total vision. It wants to look at life as it is, without.. bringing any mind in between . Tantra avoids mind and encounters life face to face,  no acceptance no rejections , simply facing that which is- in a YES YES manner.. They believe that nobody has ever reached to the divine by saying no to anything. 

You must just float with the current. You dont struggle against the mighty river, you simply go with it. This floating with it, relaxing with it, is Tantra. There are no repressions including sexual. Tantra acceptance comes out of  a deep contentment -- not out of  frustration and helplessness.



Your whole being becomes a deep contentment. All the religions of the world, except Tantra, have created split personalities. All the religions of the world, except Tantra, have created schizophrenia. They make something bad in you from which you have to be saved . And they say the good has to be achieved and the bad denied, the devil has to be denied and God accepted. 

The priests create a inner conflict within you. They make you feel guilty, because how can you destroy the part that is organically one with you? Catholic priests must dwell over this. Nothing can be killed out of existence, nothing can be destroyed.  You can only repress or hide it. Tantra says a transformation is possible. And a transformation comes when you accept yourself the way you are..  

If you accept and say yes, a rearrangement happens. Instead of just noise , now a melody, with harmony comes in.  In a noise there is no center. A madman playing on the piano; the notes are the same, the sound is the same, but a madman playing -- it has no center to it. 



If you can give center to noise it becomes music. When a musician plays on the same piano , the same notes have a pattern with a center to them. Tantra says you are a noise right now as you are. Nothing is wrong in it -- simply because it does not have a center. Once you have a center, everything falls in line.  

Vamachara Tantra says everything has to be absorbed, without any condition. Sex has to be absorbed, then it becomes a tremendous force in you.  Sex is human magnetism. Tantra accepts you in your totality. When you come to me, I accept you in your totality. I am not here to help you deny anything. I am here only to help you to rearrange, to get a center of all your energies, to converge them to a center.

A simpleton is simply without experience. He may be a fool, but he cannot be a sage. A sage is one who has lived all the sins of life, who has not denied anything, who has not called anything a sin, who has simply accepted whatsoever has happened, who has allowed it to happen; who has moved with every wave, who has drifted, who went astray, who fell down to the very hell. Tantra accepts everything, lives everything. 



That's why Tantra never could become a very accepted ideology. It always remained a fringe ideology, just somewhere on the boundary outside of society. Civilization has chosen to deny, to say no to many things. Civilization is not courageous enough to accept all, to accept everything that life gives. Through experience one transcends. When in the lowest you can see the highest, when even in hell you can create a heaven, then, then you have become the artist of life. 

And Tantra wants to make you great yea-sayers.  Tantra says, "Be yourself". You don't cut your desires -- just by accepting, they disappear. And when suddenly this moment happens wherein all desires have gone, and there is a sudden enlightenment. Suddenly, without doing anything on your part, it just happens. 

The earliest documented use of the word Tantra is in the Hindu text, the Rigveda (X.71.9) of 5000 BC, which show Tantra existed , especially in Kerala Malabar, and the NE of India before the Vedas were written.

Tantric spiritual practices and rituals  aim to bring about an inner realization of the truth that "Nothing exists that is not Divine" (nāśivaṃ vidyate kvacit ) . Tantra deconstructs all pre-conceived notions of the human condition.  This allows the person to experience total liberation and then unity with ultimate truth or reality. 

Tantra seeks to access the supra-mundane through the mundane, identifying the microcosm with the macrocosm. Tantric practitioner seeks to use prana, an energy that flows through the universe (including one's own body) to attain goals that may be spiritual, material or both.

During the sexual union with overlapping of energy centres or body altars, WITH there is a method of changing the "outgoing current" into the "return current," transforming the fetters created by Maya into that which "releases" or "liberates."  This view underscores two maxims of Tantra: "One must rise by that by which one falls," and " the match by which the monkey sets the house on fire can cook food when used by the wise." 

The Tantric aim is to sublimate rather than to negate relative reality. This process of sublimation consists of three phases: purification, elevation, and the "reaffirmation of identity on the plane of pure consciousness. The Soma charged participants are completely dissolved in a unity of cosmic consciousness.

 The word Tantra means "to manifest, to expand, to show and to weave." In this context, sex is thought to expand consciousness and to weave together the polarities of male (represented by the Hindu god, Shiva), and female (embodied by the Hindu goddess, Shakti), into a harmonious whole.

The basic principle of Tantra is unity. That can be expressed in many forms. It could be unity with the world around you, or unity of spirit, which brings peace and clarity, or when related to sex, the unity of man and woman to bring about the ultimate pleasure and fulfillment. Once you achieve the desired unity, you reach a higher consciousness and connect with a divine place. 

When discussing Tantra and the idea of unity, it is necessary to include Shiva and Shakti, who represent masculine and feminine archetypes in Hindu symbolism. Shiva, the male, is pure consciousness; Shakti, the female, is the power of creation — she's the life force energy that combines with his power of thought to manifest the physical world. One cannot exist without the other, as the two are inseparable and it takes both powers working in harmony to keep the universe functioning . This is the science of Tamas Rajas (yin-yang) .



NOW ALL YE MEN AND WOMEN LISTEN UP.  

I have already posted the para below in a post  before by the name of MURINGAKAI , ANTI NAGGING VEGETABLE- VADAKAYIL.

It is so dang important that I will mention it again.


And I am sure macho- men never went into a cooking vegetable post.

I am reminded of a small anchorage at Fujairah, one decade ago. A Pakistani Third Mate and an Indian Third Mate ( Bihari bhaiyya ) used to start fighting on VHF , as soon as they come on watch.

For 4 full hours they would be trading choicest MA BAHEN abuses, or various variations which included animals too. At the end of the watch they would tell each other " Accha , good night--see you tomorrow!".

It was amusing to monitor this.

And the Pakistani taunts the Indian " Tum shakahari bhojan khaake kya maarega yaar?" ( By eating vegetarian food what quality screwing are you gonna do, my friend ?)--

I found this so hilarious that even today it brings a smile on my face.

Well vegetarians , read this up-- help is at hand! 

Whenever a young officer or sailor signs off my ship to get married , he has to compulsorily go through a 20 minute pep talk with me.


It is about happiness in marriage , avoiding nagging and divorce. Since I am reputed to run a good ship, all pay keen attention. I tell him before signing his CDC and paying him his wages-- “ Son, sit down for a 20 minute session on life management ”

Only we Indians have provided life management answers to this planet , as it requires ancient wisdom, which emanated from deep jungles having fantastic animals, birds , insects and plants.

The gist is as follows, and it is about sex. The prudes can skip the paras in Italics. Go and have coffee.

Believe me-- behind closed doors these split-personality prudes can be something else. 

A good sex session in bed leaves the woman totally defenceless, unable to move, with every muscle and nerve on her wide open legs quivering for the next 5 minutes.

In fact during the act, she will slide up and come to a sitting position on the bed head stand and you have to pull her down , a couple of times back to a lying position. This is called sheer MAN POWER.

Every woman wants the original caveman when it comes to sex. She wants a man with broad shoulders and powerful arms. She would love to be impaled and lifted off the ground , without use of hands --with sheer manhood power . 




Look MAAA no hands! 



99.9999% of women on this planet die without knowing what this means. 


By this I mean only one, in a million women ever knew what real sex with pleasure means.



 During this primal act, which sustains this planet, she does NOT care for your bullshit sense of humor, or your ability to keep her amused, or your bank balance , or your poetry or nice genteel manners or respect for womankind or not being a loser or your chivalry or your penchant to whisper sweet nothings or your ability to respect her space or your swank style or your fan following or your facebook status or the type of car your drive or your deadly IQ -- or whatever.


 All she wants is to be roughly dominated and to be given a good manful pounding. 

Note: In Vamachara Tantra there is NIL roughness--it is poetry in sex-- gentle, intimate, loving, prolonged , timeless--




After the act, for the next 5 minutes she will just lie there unable to move— trillions of her cells resonating.

As soon as she regains control over the muscles of her trembling legs and tingling nerves and pores, you tell her nay-- order her-- to make fried eggs and coffee for you, just see the way she runs to make it, in a grateful manner. And see if she dares to nag you, against the laws of nature, that day at least.
  
If you have screwed her like a weakling Khargosh (rabbit), she will tell you to make your own dang coffee and eggs—and while you make it she will be nagging your all the while, from bed.  Hey, maan, are you a kharghosh?  Is your wife one among the rest of the 1 million?


  
All around you see couples getting divorced. One of the main reasons is nagging—the drip drip, constant nag or it can be the hurricane force nagging. The marriage is now full of negativity, contempt, one-upmanship and resentment. It is a black hole vortex , and once you cross the event horizon, the net result is a miserable divorce—and the uprooted lives of small happy children.

Contrary to what is written , men feel the after effects more than a woman—but his pride prevents him from letting this secret out. . The woman will sooner or later, find someone very soon and she will wipe her slate off clean. The children more often than not, become misfits and misanthropes.



Hi prudes--welcome back!  PSSST--  cant trust them prudes!  TEE HEEEE!!


In Modern times the most commonly used and most popular Tantric mantra is "Om Mani Padme Hum" which literally translates to "the jewel is in the lotus" --    or is another way of saying "the lingam is in the yoni. ( penis is inside the vagina ) " This is for a daft layman.  For the erudite the lotus is the crown chakra, blooming with Kundalini power.

The below video of the Sanskrit mantra  OM MANI PADME HUM ( Avalokiteshwara ) can re-activate junk DNA after 21st Dec 2012. .
It has to be repeated 108 times , along with this video.   

Why 108 ? -- well,  it is about sacred Sri Yantra divine geometry.  Triple lines of Sri Yantra intersect at 54 points of yin-yang. Remember the magic is in the MMMMMM part. So drag it a little more than the chant in the video. 



This video is Buddhist-  they have NOT got the pronunciation right-- but the purity of utterance and vibratory quality is OK.    for example :--
mani is jewel in Sanskrit -- it cannot be pronounced as mAAni.
padma is lotus in Sanskrit -- it cannot be pronounced as pEdme



While you chant look into the center spot or the Bindu ( Singularity -Black hole ) of the Sri Yantra . It balances the right and left lobes of your brain.  A person who has access to both brain lobes is generating scalar waves and thus is in touch with higher dimensions of functioning.

Thus Tantra literally means weaving together the polarities of the male and female forces. Through tantric synergistic union, we create harmony and balance to all aspects of the human psyche, mind and body. In Tantrism the state of ultimate bliss is a transcendence of dualities male-female, energy-consciousness, Shiva-Shakti...


The idea of "cultivating" sexual energy from the woman by deferring or avoiding ejaculation. Women have larger sexual appetites and the capacity for multiple orgasms and hence had more sexual energy. It was assumed that a woman could experience innumerable orgasms without experiencing any physiological, psychological, or sexual harm - and still be 'enlightened', whereas a man "once he ejaculates falls into a deep sleep, totally drained of all of his strength."  

Therefore, a man should strive to bring a woman to many orgasms and delay his own because he would then benefit from her energy (her yin). The longer that a man could stay within the "jade chamber," and the more orgasms he could solicit from the woman, the more yin energy he could absorb.

To avoid "premature ejaculation" (by Tantric standards), the man  presses his tongue against the roof of his mouth and tickles it , and sucks in his breath. Then he will not ejaculate and the semen will ascend inward on its own account.


Tantra sex goes on for hours without ejaculation—it is divine and revitalizing.. 



In the late 1970's, sex researchers, Masters and Johnson  just lifted from India Tantra and patented the sexual knowledge of Kama Sutra and Vamachara Tantra. 

( To check out how Isaac Newton patented Kerala Calculus, punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON - VADAKAYIL )

They re-invented the wheel and  rediscovered that it was possible for men to be trained to experience the pleasure of orgasm (possibly several times) without ejaculation. 

When the western world "rediscovered" the same thing in very old eastern "Tantric" tradition, a great renewed interest in the rituals and practices of Tantrism was sparked. A lot of Westerners came running to India, skippety skip.

The G spot is a rippled tissue located just behind the front wall of the vagina (towards the belly), about two inches inside. The G spot is short for Grafenberg or, in Tantric circles, for Goddess. Stroking this area can greatly deepen a woman’s sexual response. 

Both women and men have Pubococcygeus (PC) muscles  which run from the pubic bone to the tailbone in a figure eight around the genitals. They play a vital role in both male and female sexual response. 



Strong PC muscles help to increase blood flow in the pelvic region, heighten sexual sensation, intensify orgasm, and help the couple to resonate their cells, send chakras vortices on overdrive, blood racing through the mobius coil in the rib cage to release scalar energy , and achieve orgasm . 




The pubococcygeus muscle or PC muscle is a hammock-like muscle, found in both sexes, that stretches from the pubic bone to the coccyx (tail bone) forming the floor of the pelvic cavity and supporting the pelvic organs. The Pubococcygeus muscle controls urine flow and contracts during orgasm. 



In Kerala women who do first delivery have to strengthen the PC muscles by swabbing the floor on their haunches at least 1 month before delivery, to prevent the MODERN , Western educated vested gynecologist demanding for a Ceaserian. We prefer natural delivery. Both my sons had natural delivery.


The full body orgasm is the movement of pleasure up the energetic channel of the spine, through your etheric heart center and into the head, enabling them to feel the intensity of their orgasm in every of the trillions of cells of the body, not just in the genitals. 

Nadi or “River.” are invisible channels of psychic energy, woven throughout the subtle body. Conduits of prana. Yogic texts state there are 72,000 of them. Together with the chakras, the nadis constitute the composition of the subtle body in Tantra. Sushumna is the principal nadi of the subtle body located in the spinal column, which raises the Kundalini. This psychic channel controls spiritual evolution and is the “highway” that connects this world with the next.


Tantra has been well tested over thousands of years, not in worldly laboratories but in the laboratories of the human body, the most complicated machine in this cosmos by Maharishi Yogi scientists. We have become creatures of habit, this means that we make love in the same boring missionary or doggy style way ( because of BO and MO? ) , the same positions, and the same days and for most people sex has become a goal-oriented activity, the goal being the rabbit type orgasm.

Looking into each other’s eyes during lovemaking forces you to be there with your partner.  Have you noticed almost all married women close their eyes during love making ? This is because you are a rabbit , not a stud bull, and she is imagining someone else—definitely NOT you. 

This shows us that another aspect of Tantric sex is vulnerability. Both partners being willing to show their real selves, their strengths and weaknesses. This is often difficult for men, who are brought up with the ‘sailors don’t cry’ mentality.



When you piss and stop suddenly in mid-flow, you will use a set of pelvic voluntary muscles. This physical part of your anatomy is intimately connected with the energetic reality of your Muladhara Chakra.  The emphasis is not just on building up a strong love muscle but being able to sense or feel this place inside you, and build a relationship with it, from the inside. 

In doing so, you can vastly increase your genital sensitivity and therefore your capacity to enjoy with withholding ejaculation.   You'll also develop a deeper and more connected experience of yourself and of life as a whole.  Tantric Yoga is the is the only one that deals with the biggest energy in your body- the sexual energy— it teaches you how to control and manipulate it so you can benefit from it.  

God wants to procreate,  that is why you have continued a lineage and you are reading this post. The biggest disservice you could do to your ancestors is to allow your lineage to terminate.  Since you are a conscious animal, you must enjoy sex. 


None of the animals can see themselves in a mirror except elephants , who are conscious. Some lime Bonobos and Chimps are partly conscious. 




By the way dolphins enjoy sex.  All conscious animals enjoy sex. 




Tantric Yoga is the is the only one that deals with the biggest energy in our body- the sexual energy—it teaches us how to control and manipulate it so we can benefit from it.

Tantra is non-judgemental. When we make love we are celebrating the energy of the Divine. Tantra is about how you do, not what you do. In our world we have made our genitals dirty and a separate part of ourselves.. We hide them away and only let them out under very strict circumstances, often with great embarrassment. We don’t show it to our own parents or siblings . 

Our emotions and tears, all are part of being human. To deny any part of ourselves - physical, mental, emotional or spiritual - is to deprive us of our humanness and our joy. The goal of any Tantric experience is joy, happiness and laughter. The tantra teacher acts as a mediator between the earthly existence of his students and the celestial divinity that they wish to tap into.




No one who has not seen the light can guide you to it. The tantric master helps his students to attain complete independence. Once this is achieved, the contract between the two is essentially over. 

When we repress our basic nature, sex takes root in the unconscious, creating an unnatural obsession.   This psychological state has produced a mental sickness and widespread, unhealthy obsession within society today. Therefore, you might say that a Vamachara Tantra master considered sexual exploration and indulging your personal needs as a valuable contribution that you make to society and the world in general.



The goal of tantra sadhana is a direct experience of the Divine, which occurs whenShiva (pure consciousness) and Shakti (the creative force of consciousness) unite at the crown chakra. 




The couple who practice Tantric sexual union use the subtle energies of the man's body and the complementary energies of the woman's body for attaining the state of harmony with the Absolute.

A tantra orgasm can go on for a long, long time. Throughout this period, the mind stays completely in the moment, and so the moment literally seems endless.


This utterly quiet, peaceful and blissful state is the ultimate aim of all spiritual activity this highest state is not affected by Maya The Waker, The Dreamer, The Deep Sleeper and The Observer.

Therapy acknowledges the wholeness that we are spiritual, psychological, emotional,  and sexual beings.  

Men who do Tantra sex will never have prostrate gland problems.





OM is the four states of consciousness, as per Patanjali Yoga.
OM is the waking state or jagrat. Beta brain wave
OM is the dreaming state or svapna.  REM sleep state
OM is the deep sleep state or sushupti. (dream-less deep sleep state , the delta brain wave)
Om is the transcendental state or turiya. (beyond all the states) , the fourth has been called nirvana.



Four stages: consciousness plus thinking is waking, consciousness minus thinking is turiya, unconsciousness plus thinking is dreaming, unconsciousness minus thinking is sleep.  Dakshinachara Tantricss attempt to fully realize the state of Turiya through practice, engaging in sound resonance, breathing exercises, and body forms.


There are two paths in Hinduism.

One is the Advaita ( non-dual ) and the other is Dwaita ( dual ) philosophy of Sanatana Dharma.

The Advaita looks at God as brahmAn, the intelligent morphogenetic consciousness field  -- the akasha, the intelligent conscious space between the whizzing electrons in an atom.  An electron drops or rises one single orbit and the matter changes drastically.

The Dwaita form looks at God as the trinity of creator Brahma , preserver Vishnu and destroyer Shiva alos known as Tamas -Rajas- sattwa.  The modern world knows this as Yin-Yang .

Examples:
Energy/ matter
Particle/ wave
Cathode/ anode
Conscious/ subconscious
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic
Catablism/ anabolism
Potential energy/ kinetic energy
Attraction/ repulsion
Excitation/ inhibition
Birth/ decay
Static / dynamic
Organic / inorganic
Freezing/ melting
Vaporization/ condensation
Positive pole/ negative pole
North pole/ southpole magnetic
Ionization/ de-ionistaion
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex
Absorption/ secretion
Contraction/ relaxation
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe

These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are mutually dependant . Balance can never be permanent—  Yin and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.

Could this 11000 year old Hindu religion be one invented by bumpkin shepherd's or by evolved seers?
********************************************************************
EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE, GROOMING OF SPANISH INQUISITION JEWISH AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE,  GROOMING OF THE SPANISH INQUISITION JEWISH AVENGER THEODORE ROOSEVELT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This post is dedicated to the common Yank, who has been pulled by the nostrils to China town, yet they are happily unaware.

I used to pull the legs of my Limey friends--how they all thought they were fighting for Queen and country--but actually they were fighting for a German Jew Rothschild , who owned the British East India Company. Rothschild was the worlds first organised Opium drug runner and also the first organised Black slave runner.

Rothschild grew Opium in India and sold it in China for enormous profits . Using this money and the gold he stole from Tipu Sultan in 1799, he set up his banking cartel which now controls this world.

Rothschild had his own Hessian regiment, of well paid German speaking mercenaries who were used when he wanted to do deceit, on the quiet. They knew no English , but they could fight. In USA Rothschild used his Hessian soldiers on both sides, the Red coats and the Blue coats.

OK, Yanks--time for you to learn the truth and liberate yourself. You will never ever get it from the mainstream media as it is all owned or manipulated by the agents of Rothschild. This included TV, newspaper and Hollywood. The Internet is the only true medium, yet nowadays I find cryptos employed by the banking cartel , who baffle you with bull.

Before the First world war it was decided to carve out the state of Israel as a homeland for the Jews. This meant that the Zionists must control the world's money supply--after which everybody falls in line.

Rothschild groomed their own blood , a Jew by the name of Winston Churchill. Winston's mother was the attractive Jenny Jerome -- a Rothschild.




Rothschild created the Boer war far away from prying eyes in South Africa. He sent his stooge Winston Churchill there to earn his spurs, so that he can be declared as the most famous Englishman ever.




Rothschild manipulated Churchill's capture, a great escape and then did a media blitzkrieg back home in England, conducted fake media polls, and got Winston Churchill to be received back home as THE ROCK STAR.


He was swiftly promoted in Oct 1911, as the youngest First Lord of the British Admiralty at the age of 37, jumping over everybody in the seniority list. This post usually goes to very old and experienced men. 

Rothschild controlled the English Parliament, The English royalty , the banks and the media. How many Brits know that their royalty is German blood?

It was so dang easy.

Churchill would sink the SS Lusitania , the sister ship of Titanic, blame the Germans , cause a public outrage in USA by yellow journalism and drag America into war. After all Rothschild owned the media in America. 




Later Churchill as PM of Britain would go on and drag America into the second World War, after causing outrage over the Pearl Harbor incident , which was again rigged . Israel would be born after the 2nd World war and Rothschild would own 80% of Israel.

What this planet does NOT know is that Rothschild groomed a Yank in America, exactly the way they groomed Churchill in England. This stooge was a Jew Theodore Roosevelt who held two terms as US president and also became the youngest President ever. 




His 4th cousin Jew FD Roosevelt would later become the US President for three terms running.  




Above FD Roosevelt, Winston Churchill and Stalin-- the internet age has revealed all 3 were Jews, controlled by Rothschild.

FD Roosevelt would team up with Jew Winston Churchill , Jew General Eisenhower ( Ike ) and Jew Stalin to manipulate the 2nd World War.




Above Chucrchill with the Jew Commander -in-chief Gen Eisenhower, (who superceeded Gen Patton.) 

Theodore Roosevelt ancestor's name who came to America was  a Jew Claes Van Rosenvelt from Holland, who arrived at Boston in 1645 and settled down in New York. His great ancestor Jew Rossacampo was driven away from Spain during the Spanish Inquisition by the Alhambra decree in Jan 1492, and he later settled down in Holland .




78,000 Jews were driven out of Spain, which the modern Jews have inflated to 300, 000-- as usual . The Catholic Monarchs King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella acted on 31st March 1492, after a decree from the Pope -- also known as Papal bull.

 

Now can your believe this? 400 years later Rothschild avenged the Jews and punished the Spaniards using their stooge in USA Theodore Roosevelt--destroying the glorious Spanish Empire.




Theodore Roosevelt was groomed from a very young age. His father was the Opium agent of Rothschild , using a glass company as a front. All the US Opium and Black slave agents of Rothschild used various business fronts of tea importers and fur exporters . There is a limit to which you can made vast fortunes selling fur and glass.

Let us call Theodore Teddy , as he was touted by Rothschild to enter the hearts of the women and children. Teddy bears would be in every American home. 




For the macho men , he would be tom tommed as the Rough Rider--someone even tougher and braver than the Lone Ranger  . He would be a rock star just like Winston Churchill whose sh#t did NOT smell.




I will come to this later.

Just like for Winston Churchill, Rothschild would cook up by deceit a carvery medal for Teddy too, at Cuba of all the places. The actual players involved with Teddy would be the US agents of Rothschilds like Rockefeller, JP Morgan, Hearst etc. Rothschild oversaw everything and pulled the strings where required.

The US President Will aim McKinley would be soon assassinated by a Polish Jew Leon Czolgosz , and young Theodore Roosevelt would be installed on the Presidential chair. 




He would pay the ultimate price for resisting the banking cartel of Rothschild creating the US Federal Reserve.




This is where a US navy battleship by the name of SS Maine comes in. The naval ship Maine would sabotaged and sunk in Havana Harbour Cuba, on 15th Feb 1898, with terrible loss of American lives--all stage managed to perfection by Rothschild .  There were 261 fatalities --out of 95 survivors almost all were wounded very severely , with just 19 uninjured.




The US press whipping up Anti-Spain hysteria and Anti US President MCKinley hysteria consisting of two bitter rival yellow journalist factions. One was led by a Jew Joseph Pulitzer The other by a crypto Jew William Randolph Hearst , who was Rothschild's agents for his copper mine interest in Anaconda Copper Mining Inc. Rothschild's US agent for the giant Amalgamated Copper Mining Co was Rockefeller. .

The blame would go to Spain. America would take revenge and the Jew Theodore Roosevelt would avenge the Jews who were kicked out of Spain 400 years ago.




Maine was already obsolete the day she was delivered . Typical American enterprise , where all grab money left right and center, and the ship suffers. Her nickel steel plates were delayed by Bethlehem Steel Company and Carnegie Steel Company.

Her guns were obsolete.

She was NOT a battle ship--she was a bimbette reeking of cheap perfume!




Her maximum sea-trial speed at 16.4 knots with excessive coal consumption, was pathetic nay shocking- she would be a sitting duck in any battle.. 

Her overhanging gun turret structure prevented her from bunkering coal at anchorages or at mid sea-it had to be done in calm dock water. 

This steel ship was built for rigging --hold your breath-- sails TEE HEEEEE! When the American public ridiculed the morons who designed the ship they removed the mizzen mast in 1892, leaving the other two fore and main masts intact--which would never ever see a piece of canvas .




He gun turrets were NOT counterbalanced , as a result of which if both guns were pointed to same side, she listed heavily and the range was drastically cut down to almost zilch TEEE HEEEEE!


During sea trials , cross firing damaged her super structure due to --hold your breath--vacuum -- TEEE HEEEEE!

Her torpedo boats could do only 11.8 knots, so they carried only one, just for the heck of it. TEE HEEEE!

OOPS, I am tired of laughing--




Even a idiot would NOT believe that Spain would dare to take on America so close to her shores--when she did NOT have the means or the muscle.





Nevertheless, this did not stop the Americans from insisting that the only "atonement" Spain could offer the U.S. for the loss of ship and life, was the granting of complete Cuban independence and also hand over most of her colonies to America for a song. 




The yellow Rothschild controlled press of Hearst and Pulitzer drove American to a calculated frenzy. The American public, already agitated over reported Spanish atrocities in Cuba, was driven to mass hysteria.

The Spanish–American War began in April 1898, two months after the sinking. Advocates of the war used the rallying cry, "Remember the Maine! To Hell with Spain!" Eye witnesses did NOT see any column of water which would have risen if the attack for external. There was NO dead fish floating, all sure shot indicators. 



Everything pointed to a planted time bomb in the armament compartment. USS Maine used smokeless anthracite coal, whose fine dust can never have spontaneous combustion, unlike bituminous coal. The ruptured plates went outwards and not inwards . 

The Cubans and the Spanish cried bitterly and loudly that this was a false flag operation, done by America themselves to squeeze Spain and seize Cuba.  It fell on to deaf ears as Rothschild controlled the world media. Nobody knew or cared that the Spanish did their utmost in rescuing the injured and saving sailors from drowning. They were NOT celebrating.


The hollow, intact portion of the hull of Maine was refloated and ceremoniously scuttled at sea on 16 March 1912 hoping that no one will investigate later.



The Spanish Empire was the first truly global empire, reaching its territorial colonial height in the late 1700s.  By 1898, Spain was losing territories regularly. Cuba , 4000 miles away from Spain, too was becoming increasingly hard to control and a minor revolution had broken out.  

This wasn't welcome news to Rothschild as his US agents owned most of the Cuban sugar, tobacco and the clandestine drug cultivation ( smuggled in huge Cuban cigars ) worth about 3 Billion US today. The black slaves in Cuba were brought in by Rothschilds—using JP Morgan and many others as agents. On Jewish holidays there was NO slave trade.


The main stream media, then dominated by newspaper magnates Joseph Pulitzer and William Randolph Hearst, exaggerated - and outright fabricated - stories of horrible conditions under Spanish rule. Following the age-old maxim, "If it bleeds, it leads", the newspapers published stories about Spanish death camps, Spanish cannibalism and inhumane torture. The newspapers sent reporters to Cuba. However, when they got there, they found a different story. 

Artist and correspondent Frederick Remington wrote back to Hearst: "There is no war. Request to be recalled." Hearst's famous reply: "Please remain. You furnish the pictures, I'll furnish the war." And he did. His newspaper, continually screaming how Spanish Cuba was going to hell in a hand basket, convinced big business interests in the US to put pressure on anti-war President William McKinley to protect their Cuban investments. McKinley, in response, sent the USS Maine battleship to Havana Harbour as a calming show of force.  

Rothschild send his blood relative to actually witness the explosion at Havana harbor from a safe distance.
By April 1989 , President McKinley yielded to public pressure , media pressure and pressure from Theodore Roosevelt ( pushed by Rothschild ) signed a congressional resolution declaring war on Spain. 


Vice Admiral of United States Navy, was Adolph Marix, a Rothschild stooge and a German Jew.  Having served in USS Maine before he knew the ship inside out.  Marix was chairman of the board of inquiry to investigate the “mysterious” sinking of the Maine.  His findings established that the Spaniards, who ruled Cuba, had placed floating bombs in the bay.  Rothschild was pleased and wrangled for him a DOUBLE promotion, within a couple of months for exceptional bravery in the “ battle of Manzanillo “ , which rarely happened in US history.



The Spanish-American War put a large nail in the coffin of Spain's global empire. And by the end of 1898, the United States, which was founded in opposition to imperialism, found itself in control not only of Cuba, but of the Philippines, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Hawaiian Islands as well. Spain had ruled Cuba for 400 years ( 1511 to 1898 ) .



This propelled USA to undisputed world super power status. Needless is to say that the Rothschilds had large interests in the finances of both sides of the conflict, the Spanish Crown and the U.S. government, as well.

The U.S. Navy crushed Spain's meager and ill equipped Caribbean squadron off Cuba's port of Santiago, with just a single causality. But American schoolchildren would thereafter thrill to tales of daring brave heart Teddy Roosevelt and his "Rough Riders," and of the famed charge up San Juan Hill—all stage managed by Rothschild . 



The Spanish defenders of San Juan Hill who, outnumbered over 25 to 1,  and had very little short range guns and little ammunition to fight with.  Teddy never even once, came within gunshot range while he was playing to the gallery on horseback —  so much that his poor horse "Little Texas"  finally gasped and dropped down dead.



There was only one horse on which Teddy sat, ridiculously riding up and down, out of range from gunshot, with a painter engaged by Rothschild to make this moment immortal. 

There was great propaganda that 15 "Jewish Rough Riders" were killed or wounded in the attack on San Juan Hill (sic!).





Teddy was nominated for The Medal of Honor is the United States of America's highest military honor, awarded for acts of valor above and beyond the call of duty. The Medal was till then always awarded posthumously . I guess his ridiculous charades reached wiser ears and the medal was denied.  




However in 2001, Roosevelt was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor for his actions by George Bush..


He was the first and, to date, is the only President of the United States to be awarded America's highest military honor, and the only person in history to receive both his nation's highest honor for military valor and the world's foremost prize for peace--the Nobel prize..



 
Defeated on land and sea, Spain sued for peace. The war lasted less than four months.

Sigmund Rothschild advised  Free masons William Randolph Hearst,  Nelson Rockefeller, on which painting to buy and how to restore art—he was an over seer.



When the war started William Randolph Hearst gloated throwing caution to the winds. His newspaper's headline gloated: "How Do You Like the Journal's War?"



In the Pacific, a U.S. cruiser began shelling Guam. The hapless Spaniards on that isolated island did not even know a war was on. They rowed out to the ship and apologized for not having the cannons necessary to return the "salute."  In August, U.S. troops, supported by naval bombardment, seized Manila after light resistance, unaware that Spain had already signed a peace protocol.

Under the final treaty, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the Philippines became possessions of the United States, which paid Spain $20 million - on a take-it-or-leave it basis - as compensation. In July, the United States also annexed Hawaii - though not a Spanish colony, it was absorbed during "expansion fever." The war  left a huge residue of anti-American sentiment in Spain whose citizens felt a sense of betrayal , ingratitude and breach of trust by the very country they helped to obtain the Independence against the British--so what else could you expect?.


In the late 19th century, US citizens were increasingly alarmed that monopolistic Rothschild New York banking interests - represented by his US agents like Morgan, Rockefeller, Harriman, Carnegie, and Rothschild - were gaining a stranglehold on our economy. This helped inspire the 1891 establishment of the Populist Party, a grassroots movement of dissatisfied voters. The Wall Street cabal realized that to thwart populism, it would be expedient to remove attention from themselves by inflaming Americans with hatred of another enemy. The enemy chosen was Spain. over the issue of Cuba. The reasons for this choice were as complex as they were sinister.

1901 American President William McKinley was assassinated by Jewish radical Leon Czolgosz. Secret Jew Theodore Roosevelt succeeds McKinley. The Jews accomplish a double whammy against the Americans and change American history.



“Beware of the leader who bangs the drums of war in order to whip the citizenry into a patriotic fervor, for patriotism is indeed a double-edged sword. It both emboldens the blood, just as it narrows the mind. And when the drums of war have reached a fever pitch and the blood boils with hate and the mind has closed, the leader will have no need in seizing the rights of the citizenry. Rather, the citizenry, infused with fear and blinded by patriotism, will offer up all of their rights unto the leader and gladly so. How do I know? For this is what I have done. For I am Caesar.”—-



False flag operations manipulate individuals, either dupes or well-paid, skilled operatives – who masquerade as purported enemy aggressors. Aircraft or ships are either camouflaged to conceal their identity or marked in such a way as to confuse witnesses. The operation is constructed in such a way that individuals participate in a small part of the venture without knowing the entire scope of the operation. After the fact, their willing but unwary participation might insure their silence. 



False flag operations accelerated after the formation of government intelligence agencies, like the CIA, again at the behest of private interests with the ready assistance of the media who introduce false leads to sustain the preconceived cover story. A false flag operation where innocent people are murdered invariably supplies the pretext for a military invasion where even more killing occurs including unwary U.S. soldiers who believe they are fighting for their country.



“If Tyranny and Oppression come to this land, it will be in the guise of fighting a foreign enemy.” – U.S. President James Madison.


"National City Bank owned and controlled Cuba's industry and produce when the war ended." Mark Twain

National City was America's most powerful bank, with a board including representatives of the Rockefeller, Morgan, and Rothschild interests. To finance the war, Assistant Treasury Secretary Frank Vanderlip negotiated a $200 million loan from National City Bank. After the war, the bank made Vanderlip its president. In that capacity he participated in the infamous Jekyll Island meeting, where private bankers secretly plotted creation of the Federal Reserve Bank.  

A new tax was announced to fund the war (or, practically speaking, to reimburse National City Bank). Since the Supreme Court had ruled an income tax unconstitutional in 1895, a federal excise tax was levied on telephone service. The tax remained in force for over a century, until it was repealed in 2006. This was essentially a tax on the rich, as only about 1,300 Americans owned phones in 1898. Although the Spanish-American War ended in 1898, the temporary tax was only abolished in... 2005. Over its lifetime, the 107-year-old tax generated almost $94 billion - more than 230 times the cost of the Spanish-American War.



Major General Smedley Butler was, at the time of his death (1940), the most decorated Marine in American history. In his book War Is a Racket he revealed “I have spent 34 years in active service as a member of the Marine Corps. And during that period I spent most of my time being a high-class muscle man for big business, for Wall Street and for the bankers. In short, I was a racketeer for capitalism. I helped make Mexico safe for American oil interests in 1914. I helped make Haiti and Cuba a decent place for the National City Bank to collect revenues.”



Shortly before war began, Maria Cristina, Regent of Spain, wrote to England's Queen Victoria (her aunt), imploring British solidarity with Spain. But Victoria politely declined at the insistence of Britain's powerful prime minister, Lord Salisbury who was a stooge of Rothschild.

By November 1898, rock star Teddy had already been elected New York's governor, and three years later he was placed on the US Presidential chair by Rothschild..



William McKinley, 25th President of the United States, was a head strong personality and not willing to play ball with Rothschild.  He secured the passage of the Gold Standard Act, which resulted in a rapid economic growth in America. This angered the High Contracting Powers and their response was to instigate a conflict between Spain and Cuba into which America’s Navy and Marines entered as a peace keeping force. McKinley has to be replaced by someone who would facilitate the founding of Fed Reserve .



TheFederal Reserve founders - John D. Rockefeller, Jr.; Andrew Carnegie; Paul Warburg; Jacob Schiff; Nelson Aldrich; and Frank Vanderlip. J.P. Morgan was the society's first vice president. In Britain, early members included Lord Salisbury, Godfather of them all Nathan Rothschild, Bank of England governor Montagu Norman, world government advocate Philip Kerr, and Winston Churchill (whose 1 895 visit to Cuba sparked controversy in England, where he was accused of meddling in non-British affairs).




The Federal Reserve, Fed, is NOT a national bank, it’s a private bank owned by 13 Jewish owned banks and the chairman of Fed is always a Jew.  What the Jew mafia run Fed does is that they print the dollar and lend it to US government - at an interest.



A corrupt and hijacked US Congress committed the biggest theft in world history. They passed Paul Warburg’s Federal Reserve Act in 1913 handing over America’s gold and silver reserves, and total control of America’s economy, to the Rothschild banksters. Most Americans still believe that the Fed, or Federal Reserve, is the Government.  It is not. 

The Fed is a privately owned banking system whose majority class A shareholders are the Rothschilds, Warburgs, Kuhn and Loeb, J.P. Morgan, Rockefellers, Israel Seiff and the Lehman Brothers. This private banking cartel is the Fed and is never audited and never pays taxes.




Just like Teddy, his couz FDR was chosen by Rothschild to be the assistant secretary of the navy during a controversial naval incident (the Lusitania disaster) that helped propel USA into war. And just like good ole Teddy, FDR became governor of New York and then president. Teddy would get a Nobel prize for peace too-- 

I feel like crying now--SNIFF!   BOOOOO  HOOOOOO!!!

The Spanish–American War broke out in 1898 while Theodore Roosevelt was, effectively, running the Department of the Navy. He promptly resigned and formed the Rough Riders – a volunteer cavalry regiment that fought in Cuba. The war hero was elected governor in 1898 and in 1900 was nominated for vice president. . 


Teddy Roosevelt has consistently been ranked by scholars prodded by Rothschild muscle as one of the greatest U.S. Presidents. 

He was the 2nd of four children of Theodore Roosevelt, Sr. (1831–1878) , the Opium agent of Rothschild .



He was a sickly child with Asthma and NO head for Math and numbers to a degree of embarrassment. So he was tutored at home. 



Noticing that he is going nowhere his father did a Charles Darwin on him at the tender age of 9. He codified his observation of insects ( oh boy!) with a paper titled "The Natural History of Insects" which earned him fame among the Free Mason crowd.  Despite his illnesses, he floated and matriculated at Harvard College in 1876.  

Was he not a n accomplished 2 in 1 naturalist cum ornithologist?



Rothschild created propaganda using Pulitzer and Hearts that Teddy baby could multitask  like superman , dictating letters to one secretary and memoranda to another, while browsing through a new book.  Upon graduating, Roosevelt underwent a physical examination, and his doctor advised him that because of serious heart problems, he should find a desk job and avoid strenuous activity  . He was given a fake runner-up in the Harvard boxing championship for a weight group where he had little company and talent.





With President McKinley dead and gone, the path to the Federal Reserve Act of 1913 was easily paved through the pawns of Jewish agents of the House of Rothschild. Two such Rothschild agents were the powerful Jewish bankers Jacob Schiff and Max Warburg.



Prior to the assassination of McKinley , the gunman Jew Leon Czolgosz had fallen in with Emma Goldman’s Jewish anarchist crowd at Sach’s Cafe on Suffolk Street, their headquarters in New York City’s Lower East Side. (NYC’s Lower East Side was where Trotsky, owing to Jacob Schiff’s financial support, had recruited many communist Jews to travel with him to Russia to incite the October Bolshevik Revolution of 1917.)



4 days after Czolgosz shot McKinley, on September 10 1901, Emma Goldman was arrested and then released.

When he won the Nobel prize for his role in bringing this conflict to an end ( Oh Boy!) , he donated most of the money  to Jewish causes, and that got Rothschild very happy.  




Teddy Roosevelt appointed Oscar Strauss, as the Secretary of Commerce, the first Jew to serve at the cabinet level.  Following his presidency Theodore Roosevelt was a strong supporter of the Balfour declaration , along with Winston Churchill.




In March 1909, shortly after the end of his presidency, Roosevelt left New York for a safari in east and central Africa Roosevelt and his companions killed or trapped approximately 11,400 animals. These included 512 big game animals, including six rare white rhinos Roosevelt became a Life Member of the National Rifle Association, while President, in 1907.



In 1886 he said: "I don't go so far as to think that the only good Indians are dead Indians, but I believe nine out of ten are, and I shouldn't like to inquire too closely into the case of the tenth." 



He later became much more favorable About African Americans, Roosevelt said, "I have not been able to think out any solution of the terrible problem offered by the presence of the Negro on this continent, but of one thing I am sure, and that is that in as much as he is here and can neither be killed nor driven away, the only wise and honorable and Christian thing to do is to treat each black man and each white man strictly on his merits as a man, giving him no more and no less than he shows himself worthy "




World War I started right after Rothschild had another stooge named Woodrow Wilson sign the Federal Reserve Act which created the PRIVATE Federal Reserve Bank. The Federal Reserve Bank robbery was made possible by the Rockefeller inspired Income Tax or 16th Amendment which made the American people SURETY for the debts of this private bank. 




"The truth does not depend on who supports it. Truth is not a club or a matter of “opinion” or "belief". Neither is truth a political or economic objective. Truth doesn't have sides. The truth is singular and the truth is unifying." -DIF Member



ALL YANKS-- JOIN ME--



THREE CHEERS FOR OUR TEDDY BUDDY-- THE ROUGH RIDER!



HIP HIP HURRAAAAYYYY!



Above the Rothschild groomed heroes-- Teddy and Winston!

See the video below --about how America attacks herself 



Punch into Google search THE GULF OF TONKIN LIE- VADAKAYIL ( for attacking Vietnam )

Punch into Google search WINSTON CHURCHILL, HERO OR HENCHMAN- VADAKAYIL ( to start the first world war )


On July 17, 1862, the wording of a US law was changed to read “an ordained minister” instead of “an ordained Christian minister.” This was the beginning of rabbis serving in US Armed Forces as chaplains.  

In World War I, Chaplain Captain Elkan Voorsanger was called “The Fighting Rabbi” by the Rothschild owned New York Times. When the troops came out of the trenches to fight the enemy, he would go out with them. He never carried a rifle, and all he had to offer the wounded and the dying was a prayer and solace. 

He was the first example of an “embedded reporter” who would give eye-witness accounts of Jewish bravery against all odds . 

And when Gen Patton slapped a Jewish soldier for cowardice , he had to pay the price— by getting replaced by a Romanian Jew Mark Wayne Clark who was the cousin of crypto Jew Gen George C Marshall--the Chief of Staff and top boss of the US forces.   



Clark who was just a Major in 1933, became the youngest US General in 10 years flat. He became a full star General is 12 years – such was the power of  Bernard Baruch the agent of  Rothschild.  He was a super-dumbo and was hated by his own American soldiers .



Above, kingmaker Bernard Baruch, the US agent of Rothschild with his stooge US President Franklin D Roosevelt

In World War I,  Jews were given more than 1,100 decorations for bravery--totally out of proportion. Were all the white Christians cowards? 

A vested tribute paid to the Jewish fighting men in World War I was given by General John J. Pershing, ( who was a stooge of Rothschild agent in USA , king maker Bernard Baruch ). : “When the time came to serve their country under arms, no class of people served with more patriotism or with higher motives than the young Jews who volunteered or were drafted and went overseas with our other young Americans to fight the enemy.”   



General Douglas MacArthur , another stooge of Bernard Baruch ,in one of his speeches said, “I am proud to join in saluting the memory of fallen American heroes of the Jewish faith.”



After the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, the United States declared war on Japan and Germany. Over 550,000 Jewish men and women responded to America’s call for the Armed Forces in World War II.  

So Pearl Harbour will be my next post!



THE WORLD MUST KNOW THAT CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS WAS A "MARRANO" CRYPTO JEW,  WHO WAS FINANCED BY JEWISH MERCHANTS TO FIND NEW LANDS FOR THE 800,000 SPANISH JEWS WHO WERE TOLD TO LEAVE SPAIN WITHIN 4 MONTHS.   QUEEN ISABELLA WHO EXPELLED THE JEWS , DID NOT FUND COLUMBUS. 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WHERE YOUR HEART LIES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

WHERE YOUR HEART LIES  -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





My son who works abroad , will NOT play this song.  Though he is a wizard on the piano-- he wont !

I guess it may be difficult-- for your motherland is NOT just a lump of earth.


( Yeh Jo Des Hai Tera, Swades Hai Tera
Tujhe Hai Pukara....
Yeh Woh Bandhan Hai Jo Kabhi Toot Nahin Sakta )...(2)

Mitti Ki Hai Jo Khushboo, Tu Kaise Bhulayega
Tu Chahe Kahin JaYeh, Tu Laut Ke Aayega
Nayee-Nayee Rahon Mein, Dabi-Dabi Aahon Mein
Khoyeh-Khoyeh Dil Se Tere Koi yeh Kahega
Yeh Jo Des Hai Tera, Swades Hai Tera
Tujhe Hai Pukara....
Yeh Woh Bandhan Hai Jo Kabhi Toot Nahin Sakta

Tujhse Zindagi Hai Yeh Kah Rahi
Sab To Pa Liya, Ab Hai Kya Kami
Yun To Sare Sukh Hai Barse, Par Door Tu Hai Apne Ghar Se
Aa Laut Chal Tu Ab Deewane, Jahan Koi To Tujhe Apna Mane
Aawaz De Tujhe Bulane, Wohi Des
Yeh Jo Des Hai Tera, Swades Hai Tera
Tujhe Hai Pukara....
Yeh Woh Bandhan Hai Jo Kabhi Toot Nahin Sakta

Yeh Pal Hai wohi, Jismein Hain Chhupi
Poori Ik Sadi, Sari Zindagi
Tu Na Pooch Raaste Mein Kahe, Aaye Hain Is Tarah Dorahe
Tu Hi To Hai Raah Jo Sujhayeh, Tu Hi To Hai Ab Jo Yeh Batayeh
JaYeh To Kis Disha Mein Jayeh, Wohi Des
Yeh Jo Des Hai Tera, Swades Hai Tera
Tujhe Hai Pukara....
Yeh Woh Bandhan Hai Jo Kabhi Toot Nahin Sakta

this land of yours, your motherland is calling out to you --  

this is a bond which can never break — 

do you still remember the scents of your land ?-- 

you can go anywhere but you'll always come back —

for at every new path, every sigh of yours from your lost heart — 

will whisper to you -  there is a land of yours , your motherland —

your conscience now tells you - 

you have achieved everything what you had set out to seek --  

what else is left --  material happiness has been showered on you - 

but you're far away from your mother --  

come back oh lost one in a strange land –  

come where at least someone will call you their own— 

to your own country – to a land that is truly yours .....

hark-- this very moment has in it --  a whole lifetime— 

for you are now at the crossroads -- 

you must choose the path -- you must choose which path to take--  

to bring you back to this land of yours....


Oh boy-- this English translation sucks.

Great writing by Javed Akhtar ,  great music and voice by Oscar winner AR Rahman—

YEAH-- THIS IS IT !

I challenge any Indian abroad to listen to the song with headphones, and not get misty eyed. 

By the way 4 out of 10 souls in NASA are Indians--  

NO!  they are NOT there as cheap labour.  They never get to be seen in photographs though!

CAN YOU EVER HAVE SELF RESPECT,  WITHOUT PRIDE IN YOUR MOTHERLAND, CULTURE AND LANGUAGE ?

In the video below-

if any Indian abroad see this clip and does NOT get tears in his eyes -- he does NOT have 100% Indian DNA. 

In which case he is better off abroad!




In the video below, the parting gift is priceless--Indian culture in a small wooden box.  

When the World Trade Centre fell down, a minister from India went to New York to express our condolences.  

A priceless gift was given, a gold urn containing clay from all the holy rivers of India-- in great reverence, to be put at the memorial site and mixed with the soil ..  

In return he got 2 baseball caps , literally thrown at him -- with the logo of the New York Fire Brigade. 

So the Indian Minister, took one put it on his head -- and returned the other saying, that he has only one head. 

You need wisdom to understand this!

Gifts which must touch the soul-- are FREE !




At home when I go for functions, I wear a Mundu -- the Kerala mundu does NOT take it from between the legs like in the video below.   

By the way my hand amde Kerala mundus cost more than a 3 piece Saville Row  suit-- 

Sometimes I am the odd man out , among  thousands in a wedding reception hall -- with everybody else wearing natty pants, 

I feel good in it-- this is who I am!!



Does anyone realise the value of the FREE Internet?
********************************************************************
GANGNAM STYLE , K POP BY Psy GOES VIRAL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GANGNAM  STYLE , K POP BY Psy GOES VIRAL ON THE INTERNET - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL 






Above video show the inmates of Philippines, Cebu City’s Provincial Detention and Rehab Center doing the rodeo dance Gangnam style K Pop rendered by 34 year old South Korean Rapper Park Jae Sung.  

I am reminded of my stay in a hotel at Gangnam Seoul, before I flew home on leave after getting down from my ship.



It is the Beverly Hills of Korea, where everything is cool and girls are pretty.  Gangnam is all about new money-- a coveted address with the nouveau rich , swank cars , plastic surgery clinics, gold card clubs, bars, branded retail boutiques, and celebrities in condominiums.



This song is a satire about the rampant materialism , the South Koreans' obsession with high class Gangnam and the kimchi reeking wannabes who try hard to be what they are not in reality.

This song explores the South Koreans' obsession and love-hate relationship with Gangnam and its high class material girls.



Park paints untied bow-ties on his shirt, tries to be as un-cool as possible, and he dances through horse stables, elevators, car parks, toilets and saunas-- having dorky un-adulterated fun.

Now this planet has gone GA GA over this song. All from high to low are singing this song's praises. Tennis star Novak Djokovic and cricket star Chris Gayle did their bit in awakening this world to this delightful song.




As of today the song sung by Korean sensation PSY has gove viral and has notched up 433 million views, in 3 months flat, and I guess it will go on and swamp Justin Bieber's Baby of 2101, which had  looked to be unbeatable at 781 million views.

As of now this song shows no signs of slowing down, and could be unstoppable till the 1 billion land mark.



The song is entirely in Korean with just " Hey sexy lady" showing up as English. Goes to prove that music has no barriers by way of language, culture, and geography. Absolutely required in a world torn apart by hate, greed , one-upmanship and narrow minded racism.



It is a fun song with a video showing PSY shaking his booty and overflowing with energy.

Since its release the whole world wants a piece of the quirky Gangnam pie -- what with the Internet taken by storm , and flooded with parodies, memes and copy cat videos.



Now watch a cute little baby who gets hyper and refuses to eat unless Gangnam plays .





Oppan gang-namseutayil
Kang-namseutayil
Naje-neun ttasaroun inkanjeo-gin yeoja
Keopi hanjanye yeoyureuraneun pumkyeok i-nneun yeoja
Bami omyeon shimjangi tteugeowojineun yeoja
Keureon banjeon i-nneun yeoja
Naneun sana-i
Naje-neun neomankeum ttasaroun geureon sana-i
Keopi shikgido jeone wonsyas ttaerineun sana-i
Bami omyeon shimjangi teojyeobeorineun sana-i
Keureon sana-i
Areumdawo sarangseureowo
Keurae neo hey keurae baro neo hey
Areumdawo sarangseureowo
Keurae neo hey keurae baro neo hey
Chigeumbu-teo kal dekkaji kabol-kka

Below a flash mob at Cornell University,  Ithaca, USA.




A girl who is warm and graceful during the day
A classy girl who knows how to enjoy a cup of coffee
A girl whose heart gets hotter when night comes
A girl with that kind of twist

I’m a guy
A guy who is as warm as you during the day
A guy who downs his coffee before it cools down
A guy whose heart bursts when night comes
That kind of guy

Beautiful, loveable
Yes you, hey, yes you, hey
Beautiful, loveable
Yes you, hey, yes you, hey
Now let’s go until the end



Oppa is Gangnam style, Gangnam style
Oppa is Gangnam style, Gangnam style
Oppa is Gangnam style
Eh- Sexy Lady, Oppa is Gangnam style
Eh- Sexy Lady oh oh oh oh



JAI HO,  GANGNAM STYLE!






We in India just witnessed actor Amitabh Bachchan's 70th birthday mega bash- GANGNAM SYLE --

-- the elephants were missing -- but looks like the trapeze will do , lest Maneka and SPCA gets upset --

-- almost the entire guest list were NOUVEAU RICHE --  all rags to riches--  tinsel town reeking over the top -- Gangnam style !!


PEOPLE WHO WATCH INDIAN BOLLYWOOD DANCES, WILL VOUCH THAT GANGNAM STYLE VIDEO CLIP IS NO BIG DEAL , AND IT IS BASICALLY AN EYE SORE !

BEWARE :  THERE EXISTS A WAY FOR A SONG TO BE THE "LAST SONG" YOU WILL EVERY HEAR --   AFTER THAT YOU WELL DANCE TILL THE BRAIN BLEEDS INTERNALLY .  

ON A LESSER VEIN , IF YOU BUMP INTO ANOTHER DANCER IN A CROWDED DISCO WHILE DANCING INTO A AN AGGRESSIVE SONG - THERE WILL BE A FIGHT.
********************************************************************
CANT MOTHBALL TRUE LOVE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CANT MOTHBALL TRUE LOVE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





This heart tugging song is a Indo-Pakistan joint venture. Sung by Rahat Fateh Ali Khan, Shankar Mahadevan and Richa Sharma.

Hats off to music directors Shankar Ehsan and Loy.


Rom rom tera naam pukaare
Ek hue din rehen hamare
Hum se hum hi chhin gaye hain
Jab se dekhe nain deewane
Sajda ..

Teri kaali ankhiyon se jind meri jaage
Dhadkan se tej daudun, sapno se aagey
Ab jaan lutt jaaye, ye jahaan chhut jaaye
Sang pyaar rahe, main rahun na rahun
Sajda tera sajda, din rehan taru na hi chain karoon
Sajda tera sajda, lakvaar karun meri jaan lutt doon

Ab jaan lutt jaaye, ye jahaan chhut jaaye
Sang pyaar rahe, main rahun na rahun
Sajda tera sajda, tere nain taru na hi pair taru
Sajda tera sajda, din rehan taru na hi chain karoon
Sajda tera sajda, lakvaar karun meri jaan lutt doon

Ranjhna naino ke teer chal gaye
Saajna saanson se dil sil gaye
Palkon mein chupa loon, tera sajda karoon
Seenay mein samaa loon, din rehan karoon
Palkon mein chupa loon, seenay mein samaa loon
Tere ang ang rang mera bole
Ab jaan lutt jaaye, ye jahaan chhut jaaye
Sang pyaar rahe, main rahun na rahun
Sajda tera sajda, din rehan taru na hi chain karoon
Sajda tera sajda, lakvaar karun meri jaan lutt doon

Veliya kya hua jo dil kho gaya
Mahiya ishq mein khuda mil gaya
Zara akkh se pila de, oh tera sajda karoon
Zara khwaab sajaa de, oh din rehan karoon
Zara akkh se pila de, zara khwaab sajaa de
Mere honthon pe mann tera bole
Oo ab jaan lutt jaaye, ye jahaan chhut jaaye
Sang pyaar rahe, main rahun na rahun
Sajda tera sajda, din rehan taru na hi chain karoon
Sajda tera sajda, lakvaar karun meri jaan lutt doon
http://www.top10bollywood.com/

Ooo teri kaali ankhiyon se jind meri jaage
Dhadkan se tej daudun, sapno se aagey
Ab jaan lutt jaaye, ye jahaan chhut jaaye
Sang pyaar rahe, main rahun na rahun
Sajda tera sajda, din rehan taru na hi chain karoon
Sajda tera sajda, lakvaar karun meri jaan lutt doon
Sajda ..




Every cell , evry pore of mine cries out for you--  Our days and nights have merged- I have been stolen from myself--Ever since I first saw you--I worship you…..Your lovely black eyes makes my life worth living--
Now I run faster than my heartbeat and gallop ahead of my dreams--Now my life can be taken
I can leave this world--my love will be with you whether I exist or not--I worship you--Day and night
Without  rest--I worship you--A million times---You are my beloved--My love…..Your eyes pierce me

My love…your breath lubricates my heart--Let me hide you in my gaze-- My beloved….So what if your heart is lost--My love….Love takes you closer to God---Let me quench my thirst with your gaze--Embellish my dreams--My lips speak what your heart says….I’ll worship you--Day and night---I’ll never rest--I’ll worship you---A thousand times--Just you, my love--But my love will be with you whether I live or not--I’ll worship you---Day and night--I’ll never rest---I’ll worship you--A thousand times--Just you, my love

Behind the scenes of this amazing song!
********************************************************************
THE LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE LIE OF SURPRISE PEARL HARBOUR ATTACK REVEALED-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


The so called "pre-emptive" Japanese attack on US naval ships in Pearl harbour happened on 7th Dec 1941, at 0755 Hawaii time.



This caused a massive public outrage in USA, whipped up further by the US press and the Zionist Jewish lobby all manipulated by Rothschild.

The Jewish US President Franklin Delano Roosevelt was a stooge of German Jew Bernard Baruch, the US agent of Rothschild.

The PM of Britain Jew Winston Churchill's mother Jenny Jerome was from the Rothschild family.

The Russian supremo Jew Stalin , from Khazar area of Georgia. Today all Zionists leaders in Israel are form this Khazar area.

The supreme commandeer of all Allied forces was a Jew Gen Dwight David Eisenhower , who would later be placed on the US President's chair by Rothschild.

The US army Chief of Staff during the second World war, was Gen George Catlett Marshall Jr, a crypto Jew. Gen George Marshall was named Time's Man of the Year for 1947 and received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953.  


Gen Marshall was the only U.S. Army General to have received this honor.  Time was owned by Rothschild.

During the war Gen George Patton , who had NIL sympathy for the Israeli cause, would be manipulated into slapping a crying Jewish soldier in the hospital and Rothschild held US press and the Jewish lobby in the senate,  would create such a concerted hue and cry over crushed morale of US troops.

Gen Patton would be side lined and the Jewish cousin of Gen Marshall , General Mark Wayne Clark would be arbitrarily promoted to take over from Gen Patton.-- the fastest promotion ever in the annals of US army from Major rank to General rank. 

It was General Eisenhower who put the stupid fellow Jew General Clark in charge of the Italian campaign. The British XIII Corps lost 4,056 almost all Indians in the Italian campaign of Jan 1944.



In the early hours of 7th Nov 1944, a double agent in the payroll of Rothschild Richard Sorge would be hanged at Sugamo prison , Tokyo in Japan. One hour before this hanging another double agent in the payroll of Rothschild Hotsumi Ozaki would be hanged.

Only in 1964, Russia de-classified Richard Sorge's documents. His Japanese lover Hanako Ishaii really loved him, and would visit his grave till she died in 2000.

Hotsumi Ozaki was an adviser to Japanese Prime Minister Fumimaro Konoe, who trusted him with his life. It was a dastardly breach of trust for the PM. Hotsumi was the ONLY Japanese citizen to be hanged for treason by Japan.


Hotsumi Ozaki photographed every single blue print of the attack on Pearl Harbor including the grid of all the US ships in Pearl Harbour, and passed it on to Richard Sorge . The attack could be done even in poor visibility-- the Japanese knew everything, including all the loopholes deliberately introduced in Pearl Harbor   by US President FDR , just before the attack.. 



The position of the priceless OIL FUEL TANKS were NOT given to the Japanese. After the Japanese attack all were left scratching their heads -- why not the oil tanks? Even today all are scratching their heads. This is what DOUBLE agents can do. Even Vice council Tadashi Morimura (Takeo Yoshikawa ), a Japanese naval officer who had been assigned to Hawaii on espionage duty in April 1941 did NOT know about the fuel oil tanks, in use.



Konoe was so dismayed , as it was he who admitted Hotsumi Ozaki into his inner trusted circle called "The Breakfast club" --where they  planned and drew blue prints of the impending attack on Pearl Harbour.

Hotsumi Ozaki was an active participant with his own ideas about everything --basically Rothschild's ideas--on the advise of Winston Churchill.  Within a week Ozaki would be arrested-- his job was over , he was sacrificed.

Richard Sorge was born to a Jewish German father and a Jewish Russian mother. Richard really kicked Germany in the teeth--but then this is what all double agents do. Richard Sorge was a highly decorated war hero in as much as he was awarded the Iron Cross during the First World war.



For the Soviets he was a Communist spy. Little does anybody know that Lenin and Marx were Jews. Karl Marx was a German Jew of Rothschild blood.  Richard Sorge worked as a journalist in both Germany and Japan.

Now Indians can savvy why I have been telling in all my previous posts-- never trust a Rothschild award winner for peace ( Nobel  etc)  and social services ( Magsaysay etc ) . these are all sham awards.

Back to Richard Sorge--

He is considered to be the greatest spy in the history of this planet. Stalin knew when Pearl  Harbour would be attacked at least 2 months before the attack --and so did Winston Churchill, as Rothschild would relay this to him.

It is NOT very difficult even for a layman in Japan to notice mass movements of soldiers, saying bye bye to their families boarding an entire attack unit and slipping away into the sea.  Huge aircraft carriers putting out to open sea , with the aid of tugs, can be seen from miles around.



Rothschild would pass on secret information to his agent Bernard Baruch and Baruch would pass it on directly to US President FDR.

Enter Rothschild's British double agent "tricycle"--\on whom Ian Fleming based his super hero James Bond 007.

The screen hero James Bond, is just dirt in the finger nail of the real man-- a Serbian by the name of
Dusko Popov.  




He was larger than life, a tough guy in great shape, intelligent, well dressed, a great gambler who splurged in casinos, who needed at least two women in bed, who lived ze high life.

Of course he never had cheap Smirnoff Vodka "shaken but not stirred" -- his taste was better,  and he far far better class.



M15 , funded by Rothschild poured money on him like water--he was that good. A grateful Rothschild would confer on him the OBE--after all he helped carve out a homeland for the Jews Israel, right?

Abwehr, the MI of Germany called him Ivan. Popov could speak German fluently like a German. He could enter any high class party in Europe with Rothschild's Platinum Card.  Popov had full access to FBI.

Rothschild had gorgeous honey traps for him everywhere. These women would double check on him and report back.  I guess when your blood goes to your third leg , the blood to the brain gets depleted. The most famous of these honey traps was attractive Jewish actress Simone Simon, who lived in Berlin and acted in French and Hollywood movies.



Jew composer and pianist George Gershwin was the broker between her and Rothschild..  Much later soprano Charlotte de Rothschild would do the Summertime with Gershwin.

Much later in a widely televised interview Dusko Popov would declare to a shocked world that as early as Aug 12th 1941, he had given the details of the Pearl Harbor attack to FBI.

This my dear readers , is 4 fu#kin' months before the Pearl Harbor attack -- which caught FDR with his pants down on his wheel chair!

What money cannot buy?



Another of Rothschild's double agents was Joan Pujol Garcia, a triple agent. He was given the MBE from the British side by Rothschild and the Iron Cross from the German side, for services in the Second World war.   How do you like that?  Saamp bhi mara laathi bhi na toota!

The mood of US public who did NOT want war was a problem, and Roosevelt therefore resorted to subterfuge.  He systematically and deliberately provoked the Japanese into attacking the United States. The state of Israel was a MUST condition laid out by Rothschild,or there would be hell to pay.

Earlier in 1941, Germany, Italy, and Japan had signed a mutual assistance accord called the tripartite pact. If one country went to war, the other two were to also declare war on the offending country. For FDR, this meant war with Japan would automatically put the United States at war with Germany.




A year before the attack, FD Roosevelt ordered the Pacific to relocate from the US West Coast to Hawaii.  When its commander, Admiral Richardson, protested that Pearl Harbor offered inadequate protection from air and torpedo attack by Japanese he was arbitrarily replaced.

On October 7 1940 Navy IQ analyst McCollum wrote an eight-point memo for Roosevelt on how to force Japan into war with U.S., including a critical American oil embargo against Japan. FDR would follow this plan.

Japanese were severely provoked into a pre-emptive strike for the sake of survival. Almost the same way Saddam Hussain was provoked. On July 25, 1941, Roosevelt froze Japanese assets in the United States.





US President FD Roosevelt was able to double check the spy information given by Bernard Baruch, on 24th Sept 1941. This is 12 days before the attack on Pearl Harbor..

By the summer of 1940, the United States had cracked Japan's top-secret diplomatic code, nicknamed "Purple" This enabled U.S. intelligence agencies to monitor all diplomatic messages to and from Tokyo. Although several U.S. command posts having nothing to do with the Japanese, received machines for decoding "Purple," Pearl Harbor was never given one.  



The " bomb plot" message in J-19 code from Japan Naval Intelligence to Japan' s consul general in Honolulu requesting a last and final double check grid of exact locations of ships pinpointed for the benefit of bombardiers and torpedo pilots was deciphered. There was no reason to know the EXACT location of ships in harbor, unless it was to attack them - it was a drop dead giveaway.


27 January 1941, Dr. Ricardo Shreiber, the Peruvian envoy in Tokyo told Max Bishop, third secretary of the US embassy that he had just learned from his intelligence sources that there was a war plan involving a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor. This information was sent to the State Department and Naval Intelligence and to Admiral Kimmel at Hawaii.




The US was warned separately by , at least, the governments of Britain, Netherlands, Australia, Peru, Korea and the Soviet Union that a surprise attack on Pearl Harbor was coming.  All important Japanese codes were broken.  FDR and Gen Marshall and many others of the inner Jewish circle knew the attack was coming, allowed it and covered up their knowledge.


On 31 March 1941, a de-classified Navy report by Bellinger and Martin predicted that if Japan made war on the US, they would strike Pearl Harbor without warning at dawn with aircraft from a maximum of 6 carriers.

On 10 July 1941, the US Military Attache Smith-Hutton at Tokyo reported Japanese Navy secretly practicing aircraft torpedo attacks against capital ships in Ariake Bay. He mentioned that the bay closely resembles Pearl Harbor.

5 months before the attack, the US Military Attache in Mexico forwarded a report that the Japanese were constructing special small submarines for attacking the American fleet in Pearl Harbor, and that a training program then under way included towing them from Japan to positions off the Hawaiian Islands, where they practiced surfacing and submerging.

10 August 1941, James Bond nay—our "Tricycle", Dusko Popov, told the FBI of the planned attack on Pearl Harbor and that it would be soon. 







On 16 Oct 1941,  FDR insulted and grossly humiliated Japan's Ambassador and refused to meet with Premier Konoye.

On 13 Nov 1941, the German Ambassador to US, Dr. Thomsen an anti-Nazi, told US IQ that Pearl Harbor would be attacked.

On 14 Nov 1941 the Japanese Merchant Marine was alerted that wartime recognition signals would be in effect Dec 1, 9141—a dead give away.

Two weeks before the Pearl Harbor attack on November 25th, 1941, after a conversation with Secretary of War Henry Stimson, Roosevelt wrote in his declassified diary, "The question was how we should maneuver them into the position of firing the first shot without too much danger to ourselves. ... It was desirable to make sure the Japanese be the ones to do this so that there should remain no doubt in anyone's mind as to who were the aggressors.".

On November 26th, the day after Roosevelt’s diary entry, he received a call from Winston Churchill. A large Japanese fleet including six aircraft carriers had recently gone missing and Churchill said to Roosevelt in the recording "I can assure you that their goal is the (cuts out) fleet in Hawaii, at Pearl Harbor."  

Roosevelt goes on to ask, “The obvious implication is that the Japs are going to do a Port Arthur on us at Pearl Harbor. Do you concur?” Churchill says he does indeed and Roosevelt adds, “I will have to consider the entire problem … A Japanese attack on us, which would result in war between – and certainly you as well – would certainly fulfill two of the most important requirements of OUR policy.”  

This POLICY they are talking about is Rothschild’s policy-- the Jewish policy for a separate homeland .

Twelve days prior to the attack, Roosevelt knew the actual date and time of the strike—Sunday morning when all sailors would be sleeping after a booze out on Saturday night.


23 Nov 1941, the decoded Japanese message . - JN25 order - "The first air attack has been set for 0330 hours on X-day." (Tokyo time or 8 A.M. Honolulu time).

On 25 Nov 1941. - British decrypted the Winds setup message sent Nov. 19. The US decoded it Nov. 28. It was a J-19 Code message that there would be an attack and that the signal would come over Radio Tokyo as a weather report - rain meaning war, east (Higashi) meaning USA Pearl Harbor.


On November 25 1941, 11 days before the attack, Secretary of War Stimson wrote in his de-classified diary that FDR said an attack was likely within days, and asked  "how we should maneuver them into the position of firing the first shot without too much danger to ourselves. In spite of the risk involved, however, in letting the Japanese fire the first shot, we realized that in order to have the full support of the American people it was desirable to make sure that the Japanese be the ones to do this so that there should remain no doubt in anyone's mind as to who were the aggressors."


On 25 Nov 1941 the US Navy Department ordered all “potential WHISTLE BLOWERS “ the US trans-Pacific shipping to take the southern route. PHH 12:317 (PHH = 1946 Congressional Report, vol. 12, page 317) ADM Turner testified "We sent the traffic down to the Torres Straight, so that the track of the Japanese task force would be clear of any traffic." PHH 4:1942


On November 26 , 1941, 10 days before the attack, President FD Roosevelt was told by Bernard Baruch, to order both US aircraft carriers, the Enterprise and the Lexington, out of Pearl Harbor ASAP. This order included stripping Pearl Harbour of 50 planes or 40 percent of its already inadequate fighter protection. On the same day Cordell Hull issued his provoker ultimatum demanding full Japanese withdrawal from Indochina and all China. U.S. Ambassador to Japan called this "The document that touched the button that started the war."


On Nov 26 1941, along with the orders for the aircraft carriers  the Enterprise and the Lexington to get out of  Pearl Harbor—there was another bizarre order --  stripping Pearl Harbor of 50 planes or 40% of its already inadequate fighter protection. In response to Churchill's message, FDR secretly cabled him that afternoon - "Negotiations off. Services expect action within two weeks."

On November 27, 1941 , ten days before the attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. Navy and War Departments warned “Negotiations with Japan looking toward the stabilization of conditions in the Pacific have ceased….an aggressive move by Japan is expected within the next few days.”


On November 27, 1941, nine days before the attack, General George Marshall kept his own yard arm clear, and sent the following message: "Hostile action possible at any moment. If hostilities cannot, repeat CANNOT, be avoided, the United States desires that Japan commit the first over act. This policy should not, repeat NOT, be construed as restricting you to a course of action that might jeopardize your defense."

On 29 Nov 1941,  The FBI embassy tap made an intercept of an uncoded plain-text Japanese telephone conversation in which an Jap Embassy functionary (Kurusu) asked 'Tell me, what zero hour is. Otherwise, I won't be able to carry on diplomacy.' The voice from Tokyo (K. Yamamoto) said softly, 'Well then, I will tell you. Zero hour is December 8 (Tokyo time, ie, December 7 US time) at Pearl Harbor.' (US Navy translation 29 Nov)

“The ‘Honolulu Advertiser’ front page headline on November 30, 1941 read: ‘Japan May Strike over Weekend.’


WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT ?  



IS THIS THE MEANING OF GETTING CAUGHT WITH YOUR PANTS DOWN?



On 1 Dec 1941,  FDR cut short his scheduled ten day vacation after 1 day to meet with Hull and Stark. The result of this meeting was reported on 2 Dec. by the Washington Post: "President Roosevelt yesterday assumed direct command of diplomatic and military moves relating to Japan." This politically damaging move was necessary to prevent the mutiny of conspirators.

Six days before the attack, the US intercepted a “Code Purple” message sent to the Japanese embassy in Washington, ordering them to destroy all classified documents and prepare to evacuate USA.


On December 4th 1941,  3 days before the attack, Australian intelligence reported to Roosevelt that the missing Japanese fleet was indeed moving toward Pearl Harbor.


On 4 Dec 1941 - In the early hours, Ralph Briggs at the Navy's East Coast Intercept station, received the "East Winds, Rain" message, the Winds Execute, which meant war. He put it on the TWX circuit immediately and called his commander. This message was deleted from the files. One of the main coverups of Pearl Harbor was to make this message disappear.

That same day the great American Hero, FD Roosevelt personally ordered the Pacific fleet moved into a compact/exposed formation of snug rows.  Pearl Harbor Admiral James Richardson repeatedly objected to such strategic suicide and was  replaced for insubordination. So ,the Pearl Harbor fleet was deliberately lined up nose tip to nose tip for Japan’s carpet bombing convenience. The flower of the US Navy --all the brand-new US ships and aircraft carriers were moved away, leaving only the older obsolete junk ships to be sacrificed.


On 4th Dec 1941, 3 days before the attack, President FD Roosevelt, when told of the impending Japanese , with a major Japanese naval task force at sea heading towards Hawaii, directed Gen Marshall to take steps to ensure that no communications could be sent to Pearl Harbor unless cleared by Gen Marshall.

The S.S. Lurline was a passenger ship en route from San Francisco to Hawaii . Two days before the attack the radio operator named Leslie Gorgan sent a communication that it was crystal clear that there was a large Japanese  fleet in the Pacific.  U.S Naval Intelligence confiscated the SS. Lurline log days after the attack on Pearl Harbor where it was stored in a federal records center in San Francisco. The log mysteriously disappeared and all that remains is an undated, unsigned withdrawal slip.




On 4 Dec 1941, US General Thorpe at Java sent four messages warning of a imminent Pear Harbor attack.  FDR ordered him brusquely to stop sending anymore warnings.

On 5th December 1941, FDR dictated a de-classified letter to Wendell Wilkie for the Australian Prime Minister, "-- there might be an armed clash at any moment...Perhaps the next four or five days will decide the matters."

On 6 December 1941 at a White House dinner Roosevelt was given the first thirteen parts of a fifteen part decoded Japanese diplomatic declaration of war and said in front of all present , “Gentlemen, this means War!”

Henry Stimson ( Secretary of war ) , Gen George Marshall,  Admiral Stark , Navy Secretary Frank Knox and Harry Lloyd Hopkins ( adviser to FDR and his mouthpiece for Churchill and Stalin )  had spent most of the tension filled night of December 6 , 1941 at the White House with the President FD Roosevelt.  Everybody in White House knew something was cookin’.   You could cut the atmosphere there with a knife  All were waiting for what they knew was coming- an attack on Pearl Harbor.

The night before the attack on Pearl Harbor a coded message was sent from Tokyo to the U.S. embassy in Washington in which Japan declared an end to diplomatic relations with the U.S.


Hours before the attack on 6th Dec 1941, Gen. George C. Marshall’s movements were suspicious. He left his office at mid-afternoon and went for –hold your breath—horse riding ( if you play golf , you can be located ) in the vast Rock Creek Park. Then then arrived late at his Pentagon office at 11:25 Sunday morning . 

Gen Marshall then read the 14-part message and the time of delivery message, and composed a message to army Gen. Walter Short in Hawaii, which he ordered be sent through the Signal Corps by slow commercial radio. A grateful Rothschild would award Gen Marshall the Nobel Peace Prize in 1953--for his role in carving out the state of Israel.




Shortly after dawn on Sunday, December 7, 1941, Japanese warplanes launched an all-out attack on Pearl Harbor , the major U.S. military base in Hawaii.  Six aircraft carriers of the Imperial Japanese Navy unleashed  353 dive bombers, torpedoes, and fighter aircraft . 




Before the day was over, four battleships were sunk, three crippled, and one was run aground.  Over 300 aircraft were damaged or destroyed.  A total of 2,402 naval and military personnel and civilians were killed, with 1178 wounded. Americans were stunned and outraged.


On 7 December 1941, at 1:50 P.M. Washington time. Harry Hopkins, who was the only person with FDR when he received the news of the attack by telephone from Knox, wrote that FDR was unsurprised and expressed "great relief."  His blissfully unaware wife , the niece of Jewish US President Theodore Roosevelt, Eleanor Roosevelt wrote about December 7th in This I Remember p 233, that FDR became "in a way more serene."  

Minutes after hearing of the attack and before any damage reports were in, US President FD Roosevelt called Lord Halifax at the British Embassy and told him "Most of the new fleet and all the aircraft carriers was at sea... only old junk ships were in harbor." 



The next day, FDR delivered a stirring speech to Congress , written in advance by his speech writers, in which he referred to the day of the attack as "a date which will lie in infamy."  In response, Congress declared war, and the country closed ranks behind the president. 



The surprise vicious attack at Pearl Harbor, coupled with other assaults throughout the western Pacific united a bitterly divided senate and galvanized the US denizens into a thirst for war and immediate cowboy posse style retribution.



FDR's attitude is best summed up by co-conspirator Admiral Bloch's testimony to Congress, "The Japanese only destroyed a lot of old World War 1 junk hardware. In a sense they did us a favor."

When asked about Roosevelt’s reaction to the attack on Pearl Harbor, his administrative assistant, Jonathan Daniels gave the reply: “ The risk paid off; it was worth the price…”

In 1954, Robert A. Theobald, Commander of Destroyers at Pearl Harbor wrote a book entitled The Final Secret of Pearl Harbor in which he states it was Roosevelt that incited war with Japan.


FDR under instructions from Bernard Baruch, had sparked the largest naval buildup in U.S. history from the time he took office, doubling naval personnel between 1939 and 1941 alone.


FDR did his charade. He sacked Admiral Husband Kimmel and Lt. General Walter Short stationed in Pearl Harbour, after the attack.  On February 18, 1941, Admiral Kimmel had written to the Chief of Naval Operations:"I feel that a surprise attack (submarine, air, or combined) on Pearl Harbor is a possibility, and we are taking immediate practical steps to minimize the damage inflicted and to ensure that the attacking force will pay."

Admiral Kimmel and Army Lieutenant General Walter Short thus became scapegoats for the diabolical schemes of their superiors prior to the attack on Pearl Harbor.


German Jew Karl Robin Bendetsen , carrying "the title of Special Representative of the Secretary of War" was sent by FDR on advise from Bernard Baruch to meet Major General Douglas MacArthur in the Philippines and also . Lieutenant General Walter C. Short (the military commander in charge of Hawaiian defenses) and Rear Admiral Husband E. Kimmel (commander of the Pacific Fleet), leaving only days before the Pearl Harbor attacks.


One day after his inauguration to an unprecedented third term, Franklin D Roosevelt wrote to Ambassador Jew Joseph C Grew in Tokyo , explaining his belief that the war raging in Europe and the growing Japanese threat in the Pacific were all part of a “single world conflict.”  


This letter predates the Pearl Harbor attack by nearly a year. 
( Secretary’s Files; Diplomatic Correspondence; Japan, Jan.-Sept. 1941; Box 43). Document #2:  Memorandum, Harry Dexter White to Jew Henry Morgenthau, Jr ( US Treasury Secretary and Rothschild US agent ) ., April 4, 1941 )


4 hours before the attack a Japanese midget submarine was spotted at 3:42am. A destroyer sank the sub.
At 7:02am, a 53 minutes before the first bomb fell, radar operators at Opana Point detected the incoming Japanese aircraft.  Lt. Tyler was a fighter pilot, in charge of the radar had only ONE day experience, and he was not familiarized . When Tyler was informed of the inbound target, Tyler famously said "Don't worry about it," and they all went to have breakfast . A 1942 court of inquiry cleared Tyler of any blame, and he went on to have an “exceptional career” in the Air Force—how do you like that?.

Two years after the attack a journalist John Thomas Flynn, gave one in the eye of FDR. He wrote that Roosevelt himself played a hand in the attack by deliberately pushing Japan into a corner. According to John T Flynn, he had been told in 1938 by one of Roosevelt's "most intimate advisors" that the President would push Japan into a war so that he could fire up American heavy industry to build battleships. This, said Flynn, was the President's way of edging out of the Depression, and it had worked.


Hugh Scott, a senator from Pennsylvania, said that his contacts in the Australian Government had warned the administration on 6 December 9141, but had been ignored.

No intelligence was given to Admiral Kimmel who peacefully slept oblivious to the looming storm that was about to break on his Fleet. Roosevelt and his cabal of advisors, including Henry Stimson (1867-1950), the Secretary of the War, Frank Knox (1874-1944), the Secretary of the Navy, and Marshall, had three options. One, announce to the world the approaching the Jap “Kido Butai”  task force obliging the Japanese to turn back. Two, alert Kimmel and Short to the impending danger and order them to take appropriate measures, including offensive measures, which would probably, cause the Japanese to turn back. Three, keep Kimmel and Short in ignorance thereby facilitating the success of the "surprise" attack thereby precipitating America's "reluctant" arrival into World War Two.



Admiral Kimmel was asked in an interview in 1958 for his opinion on Washington's, but especially Roosevelt's, treachery on that memorable day of infamy in 1941, he said: "My belief is that General Short and I were not given the information available in Washington and were not informed of the impending attack because it was feared that action in Hawaii might deter the Japanese from making the attack. Our president had repeatedly assured the American people that the United States would not enter the war unless we were attacked. The Japanese attack on the fleet would put the United States in the war with the full support of the American public."



It is now on record by a confession that General George C Marshall, who went for a horse ride, just before an attack , the supreme head of the US Army ordered the cover-up of the treason. "Gentleman," ordained the Chief of Staff to half a dozen of his trusted minions, "this goes to the grave with us."


The failure of the Japanese to destroy the American aircraft carriers and their fuel supply tanks at Pearl Harbor contributed significantly to the defeat of Japan. If the vital fuel storage tanks had been destroyed in either attack, the surviving American warships, including the carriers Lexington and Enterprise would have been deprived of fuel to operate. 


Just one bullet fired upon them would have blown them up and set them ablaze and NIL American oil tanker ships were bombed either...


The Japanese tactical victory was largely illusory. The battleships were all old and too slow, and three were back in action within one month.



The powerful American aircraft carriers Lexington and Enterprise were deliberately sent to sea when the Japanese attack took place. The aircraft carrier Yorktown was on temporary duty in the Atlantic at this time, and was immediately ordered back to Pearl Harbor after the Japanese attack. The aircraft carrier Saratoga was at the San Diego naval base on the American West Coast when the attack occurred. 





The American heavy cruisers and submarines in Pearl Harbor were undamaged. The Pearl Harbor power station,shipyard and maintenance buildings were not attacked... The torpedo storage facilities were not attacked... 




The submarine piers and headquarters building were not attacked... The home of the military intelligence section was also not attacked...??? 



No wonder Rothschild invested in double agents and gave them platinum cards to enjoy at casinos , and sow their wild oats .



On 7 December 1941, 9 hours after the Pearl Harbour attack, Gen MacArthur's entire air force was caught by surprise and wiped out in the Philippines. His reaction to the news of Pearl Harbor was quite unusual - he locked himself in his room all morning and refused to meet with his air commander General Brereton, and refused to attack Japanese forces on Formosa even under orders from the War Department. MacArthur gave three conflicting orders that ensured the planes were on the ground most of the morning. 



MacArthur used radar tracking of the Japanese planes at 140, 100, 80, 60, down to 20 miles to time his final order and ensure his planes were on the ground. Strategically, the destruction of half of all US heavy bombers in the world was more important than naval damage in Pearl Harbor. It does NOT require any acuity to presume that Gen MacArthur was under FDR’s orders to allow his forces to be destroyed.. 

This is further re-inforced by the fact that  he escaped any reprimand, kept his command and got his fourth star and Congressional Medal of Honor shortly later. 

Hey, how do you like that?





The Zionist Jews surrounding Zionist Jew FD Roosevelt :


Bernard M. Baruch: the KINGPIN Rothschild agent , the Godfather , the "financier," and advisor to Roosevelt.


Rabbi Stephen Wise: Roosevelt's friend and spokesman for the American Zionist movement, head of The American Jewish Congress.


Henry Morgenthau:  Rothschild agent, Secretary of the Treasury, "unofficial" presidential advisor, "author" of the Morgenthau Plan to re-structure Germany/Europe after WWII.


Felix Frankfurter: Supreme Court Justice; a key player in Roosevelt's "New Deal" system.


David E. Lilienthal: director of Tennessee Valley Authority (TVA), advisor. The TVA changed the relationship of government-to- business in America.


Louis Brandeis: US Supreme Court Justice; close confidante of Roosevelt; "Father" of the "New Deal."


David Niles: presidential aide.


Samuel I. Rosenman: Roosevelt's official speechwriter.


Benjamin V. Cohen: State Department official, advisor to Roosevelt.


Frances Perkins: Secretary of Labor; Jewish/adopted at birth.


Sidney Hillman: presidential advisor.


Anna Rosenberg: long-time labor advisor to Roosevelt, and manpower advisor to the Manpower Consulting Committee of the Army and Navy Munitions Board and the War Manpower Commission.


Herbert H. Lehman: Governor of New York (1933-42) Director of  US Office of Foreign Relief and Rehabilitation Operations, Department of State, 1942-1943; Director-General of UNRRA (1944-46) pal of FDR.


Herbert Feis: US State Department official, economist, and an adviser on international economic affairs.


R. S. Hecht: financial advisor to Roosevelt.

Nathan Margold: Department of the Interior Solicitor, legal advisor.

Jesse I. Straus: advisor to Roosevelt.

H. J. Laski:  "unofficial foreign advisor" to Roosevelt.

E. W. Goldenweiser: Director of the Federal Reserve.

Charles E. Wyzanski: US Labor department legal advisor.

Samuel Untermyer: lawyer, "unofficial public ownership advisor" to Roosevelt

Jacob Viner: Tax expert at the US Treasury Department, assistant to the Treasury Secretary.

David Dubinsky: Labor leader, president of International Ladies Garment Workers Union.

William C. Bullitt: part-Jewish, ambassador to USSR

Mordecai Ezekiel: Agriculture Department economist.

Abe Fortas: Assistant director of Securities and Exchange Commission, Department of the Interior Undersecretary.

Isador Lubin: Commissioner of Labor Statistics, unofficial labor economist to Roosevelt.

Harry Dexter White [Weiss]: Assistant Secretary of the Treasury; a key founder of the International Monetary Fund, and the World Bank; advisor, close friend of Henry Morgenthau. Co-authored the Morgenthau Plan.

Alexander Holtzoff: Special assistant, US Attorney General's Office until 1945; [presumed to be Jewish; unconfirmed].




David Weintraub: official in the Office of Foreign Relief and Rehabilitation Operations; helped create the United Nations; Secretary, Committee on Supplies, 1944-46.

Nathan Gregory Silvermaster: Agriculture Department official and head of the Near East Division of the Board of Economic Warfare; helped create the United Nations.

Harold Glasser: Treasury Department director of the division of monetary research. Treasury spokesman on the affairs of United Nations Relief and Rehabilitation Administration.

Irving Kaplan: US Treasury Department official, friend of David Weintraub.

Solomon Adler: Treasury Department representative in China during World War II.

Edward Filene: businessman, "philanthropist," unofficial presidential advisor.

CRYPTO JEWS ARE NOT MENTIONED IN ABOVE LIST!




In November 1941, FDR ordered the Red Cross Disaster Relief director to secretly prepare for massive casualties at Pearl Harbor because he was going to let it be attacked. When he protested to the President, President Roosevelt told him that "the American people would never agree to enter the war in Europe unless they were attack [sic] within their own borders."  Reference: U.S. Naval Institute - Naval History - Advance Warning? The Red Cross Connection by Daryl S. Borgquist



In the summer of 1941, the US joined England in an oil embargo against Japan. Japan needed oil , to survive, and had no remaining option but to invade the East Indies and Southeast Asia to get new resources. And that required getting rid of the US Pacific Fleet first.

On November 26, 1941, the main body of the huge Japanese strike force (consisting of six aircraft carriers, two battleships, three cruisers, nine destroyers, eight tankers, 23 fleet submarines, and five midget submarines) departed Japan for Hawaii.  FDR and Churchill monitored every mile of their progress towards Pearl harbor—and they got blow by blow accounts , starting a year before the attacks.

Exactly two officers were court-martialled in the wake of Pearl Harbor: Admiral Husband Kimmel and Lt. General Walter Short. Neither Kimmel nor Short were court martialed. 




There was a Navy Court of Inquiry at which Kimmel was the principal subject, and a similar Army inquiry with Short as its main focus.  Many accounts describe these as court martials, but they were not; no specific charges were filed and neither Kimmel nor Short were liable for punishment as a result.  They could have led to formal courts martial, but they did not. 



Even the anti-aircraft ammunition in Pearl Harbor was locked up. 



The newly installed radars were used only couple of hours a day-- to prevent them form getting worn out?



How do you digest this?


Henry Morgenthau, Jr. was the U.S. Secretary of the Treasury during the administration of Franklin D. Roosevelt.  He played a major role in designing and financing the New Deal.  After 1937, while still in charge of the Treasury, he played the central role in financing US participation in World War II.  





He also played a  major role in helping Jewish refugees.  He was Rothschild’s financial advisor to new born Israel.



Bernard Mannes Baruch was an American financier. He was Rothschild’s US agent. He devoted his time toward advising U.S. Presidents Woodrow Wilson and Franklin D. Roosevelt on economic matters . When the United States entered World War II, President Roosevelt appointed Baruch a special adviser to the director of the Office of War Mobilization.  During the War Baruch remained a trusted adviser and confidant of President Roosevelt, who in 1944 spent a month as a guest at Baruch's South Carolina estate, Hobcaw Barony.  




When a US President stays in your house for 1 month, you know what it means, right? 


His first colonial ancestor, Isaac Rodriguez Marques, arrived in New York as early as the 1690s, as a shipowner engaged in the Atlantic Black slave trade and the Opium trade  Baruch is a blood relative of the Rothschild . Bernard Mannes Baruch was often referred to as the "elder statesman" because through three wars the presidents of USA country called upon him for his advice and expertise, on Rothschild’s orders. His father Simon Baruch (1840–1921) was a German immigrant of Ashkenazi Jewish ethnicity who was sent by Rothschild with his family to the United States in 1855 .


Today AIPAC is more powerful than Republicans or Democrats. It’s the most powerful force in Washington.

They literally own US Congress. If you own 435 Representatives and Senators you rule the world.
US Congress gave 29 standing ovations to arrogant bully Benjamin Netanyahu when he spoke in Congress on May 24, 2011-- 




--just try sitting and standing 29 times, yourself !!. 

It was so well orchestrated— some Jews would stand up and start clapping, and then the rest would follow like sheep in George Orwell's classic Animal Farm..  

PSSSSST- It was found later that majority, got up out of fear, as video cameras were recording the audience movements, and if anybody continued sitting , the chances of him/ her  being in the Congress again is very remote--such is the muscle of AIPAC. 



So much for American democracy.

Is it any wonder that the majority of Americans do NOT believe that 9/11 attacks on World trade center twin towers was the work of Al Qaeda and Osama Bin Laden.  Watch Bush in the video below. 

Like how Gen Marshall went riding , Bush was having a reading of "My pet goat" in a junior school--and did NOT budge when informed of the attack--till the reading session was over. He did NOT want to alarm them kids-- ATTABOY! 




They know very well the truths of USS Maine, SS Lusitania and Pearl Harbour , to trigger 3 wars to help the banking cartel.





LET THIS POST LIBERATE MENTALLY ENSLAVED AMERICANS , WHO BLINDLY ACCEPT ROTHSCHILD SANCTIONED HISTORY , AND BILDERBERG CLUB CHOSEN PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATES !




Above salute for hero FDR?

Day of infamy, indeed!
********************************************************************
CELLULAR MEMORY, COMPLETE HEALING - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



CELLULAR MEMORY, TOTAL BODY MIND AND SOUL HEALING , REMOVING NEGATIVITY -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



We were on a holiday, and we needed some cash. So my wife went to an ATM . After sometime she comes white faced. and rasped  " I just cant remember the ATM card code!".

So i asked here " Is the ATM machine swipe or swallow?"

She said " Swallow"

I said " if that is the case , you are just worked up, as the last time you used a swallow machine , the card would NOT come out.. So now listen to me and do exactly what I say.  Go back in, put the card in, and just allow your fingers to type the code in, like a typist or a pianist who does not think, who will just let the fingers fly --DO NOT THINK".

She went back in and came out all excited " It worked "

I said " Well, welcome to the wonders of cellular memory!"

Any job in which you are an absolute expert , is done without thinking. An expert driver will not think when he has to press the clutch and brake. He just allows his body to do it! Or let us talk about a high board diver, diving for the gold in the Olympics. His mind just surrenders to his body.

In fact the world has progressed this far, by the number of important operations man can do without thinking about it.

Often the hands will solve a mystery that the intellect has struggled with in vain. - Carl G. Jung. ( this is lifted from the7000 year old  Upanishads )




In 4000 BC, Prince Arjuna looked at the unsteady revolving gold fish overhead by looking into a water pool below, and hit the ruby eye of the fish, to win the hand of Princess Draupadi . This was a test of consciousness, and only human beings can see themselves in a mirror along with elephants, which are found in Indian temples. 

A few animals like chimps and bonobos pass this mirror test partially. Arjuna was in the zone. This is a feeling mode,and NOT a thinking mode.When you are in a feeling mode, there is no negativity. The less you think, the more you achieve.

When the mind has repeatedly instructed the body to perform an action, the body will begin to remember the action better than the thinking brain.  Communication between cells is faster than the speed of light.

Every human being is a micro cosmos within himself.   He is a universe of cells, each with its own individual intelligence. The intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the human system. Cellular memory, unlike the memory of your brain, stores experiences not just facts and figures.



The cell is the basic structural and functional unit of all known living organisms.  It is the smallest unit of life that is classified as a living thing, and is often called the building block of life . Humans contain about 12 trillion (13 zeros ) cells.

Cells die by millions every minute.  The cast off physical bodies of the cells are thrown out of the human system as solid and liquid waste -urine, excreta, sweat.. The life spark in each cell immediately reincarnates and does so over and over again as long as the human system lasts. The intelligence of all the cells makes up the sum total of the intelligence of the human system.



Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves.  Scalar waves travel faster than light.

Scalar waves generated by Mobius coils within the body  protect us from the negative effects of solar radiation and other environmental electromagnetic stresses by constantly producing a neutral field capable of deflecting these harmful non-bio-energetically compatible frequencies. 

Scalar waves generated in the body also provide an energetic communication system that connects all cells. This energy contains the power of the universe and has unlimited potential. The DNA helix is basically a mobius coil. 




Within the vascular möbius coil there are subsets of the figure eight along the major capillary networks. These major capillary networks are associated with primary organs and are related to the endocrine glands and correspond to the chakra energy centers.



The electrical activity of the heart muscle sets up its electromagnetic field, the strongest field of the body. It is at the heart that the center of the vascular möbius coil is found-- an intersection of venous blood passing through the right atrium, overlapping aortic blood coming through the left atrium.



The möbius coil intersection occurs just in front of the lungs, which contain a huge web-like network of capillary connections. This capillary network acts as a battery for the storage of scalar waves..


Chakras are focal points where psychic forces and bodily functions interact with each other. They are transceivers of scalar energy. . Longitudinal Scalar waves are so fine that they are only one-hundred-millionth of a square centimeter in width hence finer than X-rays and gamma rays. Chakras can then send out information carrying Soliton waves, which do not attenuate. The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous. 


All biological behavior can be controlled by “invisible” energy forces, which include thought and intention.

Scalar waves can be used to TIME REVERSE cells back from the cancer condition to the previously healthy state, as they can travel through space time continuum and though all solids including the earth. Every healer uses scalar waves and can this access higher dimensions.All energy is a vortex-- NOT a wave, as you are told in your science books.

Scalar waves can also be generated by balancing the RH and LH lobes of your brain, if your pineal gland is still not calcified.

You cannot measure Scalar waves of 5 dimensional energy with 4 dimensional equipment. However it can be seen visually by Kirlian cameras and GDV ( gas discharge visualisation ).

The master cellular control system of the human body is holographic. Nothing we experience escapes being imprinted into our Cellular Hologram in the form of a cell memory. 




What we commonly refer to as "The Cellular Memory" is the collective energy field generated by these individual cell memories. It operates behind the scenes of our subconscious mind. The Cellular Memory is the database on the storage disk. The files within the database are the cell memories.



Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the painful experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative ways, like addictions and phobias.

If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level. Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening will continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy.

Every cell in our body has the ability to remember. Our cellular memory can store the memory of physical trauma like accidents, wounds, surgeries, abuse,trauma , fear etc that manifests in low self-esteem, stress etc. When trauma is suppressed into the cellular memory, that energy can get stuck. The problem with suppressed cellular memory is not only does it limit our ability to live freely and joyfully in life but it can also catalyse the body in developing physical illness.

Vaccines can be used to explain cellular memory. You are given a shot that contains a small controlled amount of a bacteria. Your immune system immediately sets up a counter-offensive to keep you from getting sick from it. Then your immune system 'remembers' that type of experience to keep you healthy. This means vaccines evoke cell memory by their actions. Cells can “remember” how to fight a virus so you won’t get reinfected. 



Cells remember  personalities, tastes, and histories .  Evidence of this phenomenon has been found most prevalently in heart transplant recipients.  Have you seen Salman Khan's Bollywood movie " Dil ne jise apna kahaa"?




Under normal circumstances, the heart and brain communicate with each other via nerve fiber optics running through the spinal column.  During a heart transplant, these nerve connections are severed and remain separated for an extended period of time.  However, the transplanted heart is still able to function in its new body using its intact, intrinsic nervous system .  


The stand alone quality of the heart’s “little brain” thus has a  part in retaining and recalling cellular memory, regardless of whose body may be housing it. The late French scientist, Dr. Alexis Carrel, kept a chicken heart alive for over 27 years by keeping the pulsating heart in a solution of sea salt infused with artificial nutrient.



Extensive studies on heart transplant recipients clearly shows that cellular Memory exists. Upon waking up from surgery patients would display a strange change in tastes, opinions, cravings, and other mild personality changes.

Even a change in sexual orientation was even documented when lesbians soon after getting a new heart settled down and married a men.Other common quirks recorded have been changes in attitude, temperament, vocabulary, patience levels, philosophies, and tastes in food and music.

Cellular memory is the reason why after a heart transplant, patients are given immune suppressant drugs to stop their own bodies from attacking the new organ.


Cellular memories which have imprinted themselves in the cells as a result of life experiences. Within the body of any human being, there almost always exist traumatic experiences from early childhood (or beyond) which are stored in the cells of the body — and such cellular memories are like little transistor radios transmitting destructive energy patterns within the body, causing disease, chronic pain and most importantly, shutting down the body’s immune system.   

When spiritual healers heal the cellular memories , he heals the process that causes the physical, emotional, and spiritual diseases you  have. He defragments the human hard drive. 

Cellular healing allows the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems to harmonize allowing the body...more specifically the immune system to do what it was intended to do and keep you well.

The internal stress caused by cellular memories (which are believed to be the cause of 98% of all diseases) completely disappears. And when that internal stress disappears, so does the disease.

Everything in the universe is energy. We may appear solid matter but looks can be deceiving. If we magnify our cells down to atoms it can be seen that we are made up of subtle energy fields and not matter. Those with the knowledge of physics are now discovering the basic building blocks of energy are light and sound.



Modern science teaches us that our cells contain DNA which is the blueprint for the complete design of our physical bodies. They also hold the blueprint for our emotional, mental and spiritual state. Our cells remember all of who we have been in past lives and all that has been in this life right up to the present day (hence the term cellular memory). 

So as we change and grow in any aspect of our lives, our cells are constantly updating our personal data. Cells also retain the information of all life experiences that has been absorbed from genetic heritage, nothing ever experienced whether positive or negative escapes being programmed...

Wilder Penfold , who lifted from the Vedas, was the first person in modern times, to bring to the media (and hence patent the 7000 year old idea) the idea of our genes storing permanent records of our past, and that these memories are hidden away from our conscious mind, either by choice or blocked by trauma etc.

An example of cellular memory affecting you is recurring nightmares. These arise from cell memories of your own negative emotions which you deliberately suppress during waking hours. 

These upsetting events can sometimes show up this way when the subconscious mind has so many suppressed memories that it is impossible for them to remain dormant, and just start to bubble over and  try to connect with the conscious mind, to be recognized and dealt with. If we cannot meet our feelings of fear, or emotional pain we allow ourselves to be controlled by them.



Without past life regression therapy it can be almost impossible to heal, as the memories are suppressed and we are not aware of holding onto them.

Past life regression is mentioned in the Upanishads of ancient India and is also  discussed in great detail in the Yoga Sutras of Patañjali. The Hindu scholar Patañjali discussed the soul being burdened with an accumulation of impressions that were part of the karma from previous lives. 

Patañjali called the process of past life regression, prati-prasav (literally "reverse birthing"), and involved addressing current problems through memories of past lives. Prati-prasav is used today as a practice in some types of yoga.

The works of Madame Blavatsky, co-founder of the Theosophical Society also talks about  siddhi or abhijna abilities to regress other's lives. She also lifted from the Upanishads.

Past life regression is a 7000 year old Vedic technique that uses hypnosis to recover what most practitioners believe are memories of past lives or incarnations. Hindus belive in re-incarnation.  Past life regression is typically undertaken either in pursuit of a spiritual experience, or in a psycho therapeutic setting.

Past life regression a Vedic technique of Charaka is recommended for people who are willing and decided to change, to secure relief from vices, negativity, repetitive illnesses, phobias, separations and conflicts, inability to love,trust, learn. etc.

Upon completion of the past life regression therapy, subjects are able to “reverse and resolve” negativity and vices  which, they were unable to solve through any other treatment or therapy. 

Each cell in our body stores memories from early life, intra-uterine life, our parents and ancestors as well as, many past generations. A bio computer essentially acts like a file which when triggered causes us to act in a repetitive manner.. Erasing stored traumatic experiences from our cellular memory is akin to deleting a virus from a computer.  The healer  helps the subject access the specifiv internal negative file and then reprograms or formats it.



Entering the 'cellular level' of your consciousness is like entering a vast personal library, in which you can access all the significant memories, events, relationships and experiences of one's entire existence from a viewpoint of clarity, insight, and, most importantly, safety. From this place of clarity the significant issues are brought gently into awareness and integrated on all levels: physical, emotional, mental and spiritual. From these 'ah-ha' moments of realisation and release, profound healing is triggered at all levels., and is facilitated with hands-on, energetic and vibrational work .

The cellular memory is the complete blueprint for your existence. It is the energetic expression of you as a holistic being. The labels "mind", "body" and "spirit" are artificial labels that exist to make it easier for you to comprehend your multidimensional existence on earth. Each point within your holographic cellular memory contains all the information of the whole. This information is infinitely accessible to each and every cell of your body. If you magnify your cells down to your atoms, you would see that you are made up of subtle bundles of "info-energy." 


This info-energy is comprised of physical, mental and emotional data that comes from all of your life experiences, genetic heritage, and past generations. Nothing we experience escapes being imprinted into our cellular hologram in the form of a cell memory. What we commonly refer to as "The Cellular Memory" is the collective energy field generated by these individual cell memories. It operates behind the scenes of our subconscious mind.

Decisions are made in the mind—choices are made in the gut.  Choices come from your essence and attunement to your higher self. War victims have had their neural connection between spine and gut severed, still the bowel can function. This follows that the neural mass in the gut is an independent cognitive centre. This explains when as a Captain , I chew up a crew member  for letting down the team, he gets severe intestinal gut cramps.

And why anti-depressants targeting the brain solely, causes nausea. This means the brain and the gut are like Siamese twins. When one gets upset, the other one gets upset too. Half the nerve cells are situated in the gut. When I have a headache I always target my gut by having an alkaseltzer, and it have never failed to work 100%, withing 5 minutes.   If your gut is unhealthy, your immunity lowers. Both our gut and our brain originate early in embryo genesis from the same clump of tissue which divides during fetal development.   

While one section turns into the central nervous system, another piece migrates to become the enteric nervous system. Later the two nervous systems connect via a cable called the vagus nerve — the longest of all the cranial nerves . The vagus nerve meanders from the brain stem through the neck and finally ends up in the abdomen. There’s the brain-gut connection. 





The Vagus nerve upon leaving the medulla between the medullary pyramid and the inferior cerebellar peduncle, it extends through the jugular foramen, then passing into the carotid sheath between the internal carotid artery and the internal jugular vein down below the head, to the neck, chest and abdomen, where it contributes to the innervation of the viscera. Besides output to the various organs in the body, the vagus nerve conveys sensory information about the state of the body's organs to the central nervous system. 80-90% of the nerve fibers in the vagus nerve are afferent (sensory) nerves communicating the state of the viscera to the brain.


This means your psychological health, is partly derived from the heathy gut. When you have severe dysentery , have you noticed how depressed you feel?

We are holistic beings: not a sum of our parts. Each point within our hologram contains all of the information of the whole. The complete blueprint for our existence is contained and infinitely accessible in every one of our cells. Therefore, for any healing to be complete, it needs to take place at all levels – the body, the mind and the spirit.


Each organ in our body renews itself after a few days or weeks. For instance, in six weeks, each cell of the liver would have died, to be replaced by new cells. Our eye cells regenerate every two days, our skin cells regenerate about every 20 to 30 days, and our stomach lining regenerates about every four days. Why then, even when the cells are new, and the organ is renewed, do the old physical ailments continue to show up even in the new blueprint? 

Why does an eye-problem, for example, not cure itself by the third day? What’s happening is that the memory from the old cell, sometimes called a phantom memory, is passed on to the new cell being born so the eye problem is replicated again and again even though the cell is entirely new and this continues indefinitely until the cell programming is interrupted.Therefore, if we can somehow interrupt the negative programming, and reprogramme the cell towards positivity, healing can take place.

The 'cellular imprint' is released and the physical body, emotional and nervous system cleared of all past or external influences. 'Sanskars' (a Vedic term meaning 'scars on the soul') which have kept us locked into repeating patterns of frustration and unhappiness, are brought into the Light (literally) and cleared, re-opening our personal connection to our Source and freeing us to live a more creative, more fulfilling life.

In the case of phobias, any traumatic past life event, especially death, can create an activation in the cellular memory when similar circumstances trigger it. For example, in cases of OCD, many have had past-lives in which they died from some sort of plague, thus creating a fear of death from anything connected to germs.

People who are in love on two way lane are thousands of times more resistance to HIV and viruses than those without these feelings. Strong positive emotions have showing to have amazing healing power.



Scalar fields fromthe hands of Reiki healers permeate the body tissues and enhance ion transport at cellular level.. Cancer cells are almost without exception, low voltage cells, in the 15-20 milli-volt range.The optimum cell voltage for most cells in the body is in the 70-90 milli-volt range. Cancer cells are almost exclusively in the low 15-20 millivolt range.  

As cell voltage starts to drop into the range where the very survival of the cell may be called into question, the cell begins to proliferate uncontrollably in an attempt to guarantee its own “survival.” If you raise cell voltage --the cell no longer needs to proliferate wildly. In effect, it can become “normal” again. The implications for this in treating cancer could be profound . Increase of energy covalent level of every single hydrogen atom in the body can be verified by spectrographs. 

This improves cell wall permeability thus facilitating the intake of nutrients into each and every cell and the elimination of waste from each and every cell. This cleanses the blood improving chylomicron levels (protein & fat particles floating in the blood) and triglyceride profiles and fibrin patterns.  It improve immune functions.

The smallest particles known to man are vibrations.  Thoughts are vibrations.  Words are vibrations.  Sounds are vibrations.  Light is a vibration.  Our planet is a vibration.  Our entire universe and everything within it (seen and unseen) is a vibrating mass of atoms and subatomic particles.



 And all energy is a VORTEX SCALAR energy is capable of restructuring water molecules into smaller clusters, thus promoting the biochemical functions of water related activities in the body, and revitalising the metabolic functions of living things.  When scalar energy is applied on the human body, the scalar wave both improves the bio-field radiating outside the body and works internally to permeate the body's tissues.

Scalar energy also has the ability to destroy viruses and bacteria.  Scalar energy facilitates unclumping of cells and enhances circulation. This allows the fluid to flow rapidly, delivering nutrients to the cells and carrying waste away from the cells.  This scalar energy also improves the permeability of cell walls. cells. In this way, optimum cellular nutrition and detoxification is maintained. 

This in turn, facilitates optimum cellular performance and function retard regeneration, age-related diseases may be prevented and hence slow down the ageing process. Each individual human cell possesses two characteristics – capacitance and inductance – which are the elements of a tuned circuit.  Healing energy produces tiny eddy currents in body tissue. electromagnetic applications in energy medicine induce changes in tissue voltage, improve the activities of the body's enzymes, enhance ion transport at a cellular level and affect membrane potentials. The human body consists of approximately 70% water. 

Many biologically active compounds are switched on or off by changes in the concentrations of dissolved ions such as sodium and potassium. Individual water molecules, with their tendency to form hydrogen bonds, also stabilise the structure of proteins, whose action depends crucially on their shape.  If the hydrogen bonding angles of one molecule are altered, those in the other molecules might be expected to follow suit (as in a domino effect). Our positive beliefs and intentions act to enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy primarily produced by the heart, vascular system and supercoil DNA.



This field neutralizes chaotic incoming signals from the environment and from our negative thoughts, thereby allowing our cells to utilize their own innate wisdom for self-healing. When the scalar field resonates with life-enhancing vibrations all the cells in the body also experience growth signals leading to optimal health and vitality. 

If you look at the source of negative thoughts and emotions, in all cases you will find that the root cause is “fear.” When you allow fear to interfere with your DNA signaling, you are traveling down the path of cellular degeneration. The opposite of fear is love. Like I said before a cancer patient on a 2 way street of love can cure himself.

Often we are not able to identify the upset or past trauma. In this case, it may not be as easy as just changing the channel of our thoughts. Even though many of these issues have been long forgotten, subconsciously, our behavior is still shaped by them. Our molecular and cellular matrix remembers the painful experience and may cause us to avoid situations that seem similar for fear of reenacting the experience. Poor health often results. In addition, this constricted energy many times affects our habits and perceptions in negative ways.

Our misperceptions lead us to actions that create obstacles that keep us from achieving our highest possibilities. We develop unworkable relationships due to negative actions or we block our professional goals because of low self-esteem. Our beliefs about ourselves sabotage our creativity and general well-being. 

Identify the negative thought or emotion. What is it you are thinking about that weakens you and disrupts your DNA communication system?  The way we react to an event is recorded in our molecular matrix. If each cell contains all of the information for the whole organism, then our experiences, good or bad, are also recorded on a cellular level.



Those experiences that we perceive as life threatening may continue to resonate within the memory banks of the body’s crystalline cellular and molecular matrix because we were not able to resolve the conflict or dissipate its energy. This matrix memory can alter our beliefs about ourselves and consequently our behavior as a result of the earlier, traumatic experience.

This can cause us to feel disempowered, have low self-esteem, or feel unloved. These feelings all have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and other systems in our body.

Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, bio photon signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels. When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.

 All acquired habits, and even higher mental activity, depend on chains of conditioned reflexes. The conditioned reflex works by association. Rather than a simple stimulus-response mechanism, the conditioned reflex is associated with memory. 

For example, during the shock and stress of an event that is perceived as a physical or emotional threat, a special complex of hormonal messenger molecules are released by the limbic-hypothalamic-pituitary-adrenal system. These substances encode all the external and internal sensory impressions of the perceived threat as cellular memory.



 This initial stimulus, or memory, can later act as a catalyst for the same reflex response that was initiated by the perceived threat. The reflex or response can then become conditioned to produce the same basic reaction each time the memory of the initial threat is activated, regardless of the stimulus. This process is known as stimulus generalization, and it becomes a key element in understanding, and treating, victims of trauma.

The body is also constantly generating these universal scalar waves. Scalar waves are produced when two electromagnetic waves of the same frequency are exactly out of phase (opposite to each other) and the amplitudes subtract and cancel or destroy each other. The result is not exactly an annihilation of magnetic fields but a transformation of energy back into a scalar wave. This scalar field has reverted back to a vacuum state of potentiality.



Every atom and molecule within us depends on the rest of the universe. We are interconnected outward expressions of this Divine energy. This interconnection is all-pervasive and instantaneous. The manifestation of this energy comes from the ‘empty’ vacuum, known as the quantum vacuum, which is actually ‘packed full’ of God’s creative energy in a stable state.

This all-pervading energy is sometimes referred to as a universal scalar wave, which is a form of electrostatic energy that has the potential to create but is currently without physical manifestation.
  
During healing the healer's alpha brainwaves synchronise with those of the healee, so both will be resonating at the same frequency (sympathetic resonance) . Channelling energy through the healer and to the healee involves both being in the alpha state.



Longitudinal Scalar healing waves can be sent by a machine or by the human body.Scalar waves can be sent from any of the mobius coil systems in the human body--which includes the DNA, the mobius coil within your rib cage . Have you seen the way mata Amritananda Mayi hugs her devotees. She has hugged 33 million people to date. Can you count up to 33 million?


  
THE GREAT VEDIC HEALERS USED TIME REVERSAL METHOD 8000 YEARS AGO, USING SCALAR WAVES FROM THEIR 12 STRAND DNA.  

Cells affected by AIDS and SARS viruses which do NOT have DNA ( they have RNA ) can be time reversed.

 Thus the dying cells can be time reversed back to the healthy original state.  With chemotherapy, and along with it you kiss lot of your healthy cells also good bye.

5 dimensional standing wave field like Scalar energy can also be produced by machines, electronically, optically or electromagnetically.

Scalar waves can be created by wrapping electrical wires around a figure of eight in the shape of a mobius coil. When an electric current flows though the coil in opposite directions, the opposing electromagnetic fields from the two wires cancel each other-- and creates scalar waves.



Plasma --the 4th state of matter is a crystal like ionised gas, and a super conductor of electricity--as it has an abundance of free electrons. Plasma can convert a transverse electromagnetic wave to a longitudinal wave.

Once you let go of the emotional distress, your thoughts and actions are no longer influenced by subconscious self-sabotaging influences. The way we react to an event is recorded in our molecular matrix.

Fear , feeling unwanted and lack of self esteem are feelings which have a resonant frequency signature that vibrates throughout our being. This energetic disturbance upsets neurohormonal pathways in our body and constrict the energetic flow to cells, DNA, organ tissue, muscle tissue, and other systems in our body. 



Thoughts and emotions have an electromagnetic frequency vibration that is perceived by every cell in the body through the instant communication system of scalar waves. Negative thoughts and emotions can interfere with the electromagnetic, bio photon signaling at the cellular membrane and DNA levels. When this happens, the communication signals become chaotic and cellular information and instructions for enzyme and protein formation become blocked.

Scalar waves from your mobius supercoil DNA couples with intention and consciousness.  Intentions enhance the body’s natural flow of scalar energy produced by DNA. Your DNA can send and receive powerful data through the universal network of ether.. Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency.

When properly activated by sound combined with intention, the superconductor that is DNA is designed to re-harmonize the entire bioenergy blueprint. Our mind itself is scalar in nature. Our intentions create our reality. As proved amply by the double slit experiment the consciousness of the observer brought the observed object into being. 



Scalar waves are information carrying waves rather than energy waves. which are linked to human consciousness and are created by human thought and emotions. They are the interface between the mental and the physical world although we must keep in mind that in reality there is no duality between them. All the processes in the body including cell communications are triggered by quantum fluctuations, and all higher brain functions and consciousness also appears at the quantum level.



Repressing emotions is a cause of  disease. Failure to find effective ways to express negative emotions causes you to 'stew in your own juices.'"

The brain contains about 60 different neuropeptides, including endorphins. These neuropeptides are the means by which all cells in the body communicate with each other. This includes brain-to-brain messages, brain-to-body messages, body-to-body messages, and body-to-brain messages. 



Individual cells, including brain cells, immune cells, and other body cells, have receptor sites that receive neuropeptides. The kinds of neuropeptides available to cells are constantly changing, reflecting variations in your emotions throughout the day. The kind and number of emotion-linked neuropeptides available at receptor sites of cells influence your probability of staying well or getting sick.

 Viruses use these same receptors to enter into a cell, and depending on how much of the natural peptide for that receptor is around, the virus will have an easier or harder time getting into the cell. The chemicals that are running our body and our brain are the same chemicals that are involved in emotion.


  
True cell level healing isn't just about releasing the memories stored there. It's also about replacing that memory with higher frequencies. When we release things, a vacuum is created, and unless we fill up that vacuum with a higher vibration, the same old pattern will be attracted back into the body. So as heartache is released for example, the cell level healing replaces that memory with the frequency of love.

Why do Westerners come all the to India to get healed?. The best hope for healing incurable illness  lies in healing destructive cellular memories, with the help of spiritually evolved healers.



Your whole  aura changes with cell level healing, as your chakras go on overdrive. .
  
Release stored emotions from your subconscious mind and cellular memory and find peace with your past, by past life regression.

Cells are constantly growing and dying they are the ultimate reflection of how the universe works. The universe is constantly changing, constantly transforming chaos to order, darkness into light and requires all who inhabit it. So either we make the conscious decision to live and grow or do nothing, which is a personal choice.


Our body is like a river, it may look the same but water gets changed all the time.  98% of our body renews itself every 8 years.  Our skin renews itself every 28 days, our blood plasma every ten days, white blood cells renew three weeks, red blood cells every 120 days, entire blood in four months, cornea replaces every 24 hours,  the soft tissue every 6 months, and the dense tissue every 4 years, stomach lining turns over every 4 days, the villi which absorbs nutrients in the small intestine renews every 3 days, the skeleton will completely renew itself about every ten years, the liver in 150 days, entire hair on head in six years , the inner lining of the cheeks in a few hours, taste buds on tongue in weeks. 

Of course brain damage is permanent and heart muscle damage is semi-permanent.

Then why is that if you have some skin disease , the new skin which comes does NOT cure the disease? 

This is the meaning of old progamming of new cells—it is about cell memory. 




It is a good idea to get rid of all your negativity , self sabotaging behavior, and phobias before 21st Dec 2012, so that you are centred as a whole, and your 12 trillion cells are selectively formatted to receive new data , so as to kick start the conversion of your 2 strand 97% junk DNA to 12 strand NIL junk DNA.


DNA can be altered through magnetic fields, heart coherence, Sanskrit mantras, positive mental states and intention.  Genetic determinism is a flawed theory.  

Factors like love and appreciation ( positive quantum nutients ) or anxiety and anger ( negative QN ) also influence a person’s DNA blueprint program. When we are stressed or negative, our biological energy reserves are diverted from the important task of regenerating and repairing the body. 

We can counteract cellular quantum nutrient deprivation by focusing on genuine states of care, gratitude , appreciation and love.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


MODERN ECONOMICS, AN EMPIRICAL VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE,  JOHN GALT - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





So the spider said to the fly, allow me into your parlour, you are in great danger, and only I can save you.  The fly opened the door -- Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

This post of for students of Economics.

Next time your professor teaches you something in college which you do NOT agree with or sound like bull to you , speak up.  99.99% of the time the teacher will NOT be able to explain , as he himself is a brainwashed zombie, belonging to the group who is trained to holler "4 legs good 2 legs better"

First of all imagine that you are a group of boy scouts. TERRAIN MUST PREVAIL OVER THE MAP, ALWAYS.

The science of economics is gone once you get past the supply and demand curve. Most everything after that is ideological, and therefore not science.

Economists routinely predict when the market needs a correction, and they do.  Most of the time it is like filling up ballast on the wrong side of the ship causing it to capsize.   



Yes, such a correction can cause a usual list of the ship .   But It does the reverse for an “ANGLE OF LOLL “ .  

Perception is requires to find out of the GM ( metacentric height ) is positive or negative.   Metacentric height is the distance between the centre of gravity of a ship and its metacenter.. Metacentre is determined by the ratio between the inertia resistance of the boat and the volume of the ship.

There is a DOMINO EFFECT factor—which causes market crashes and FALSE booms .

Punch into Google search-
DOMINO EFFECT IN CHANGE MANAGEMENT VADAKAYIL




Economists routinely predict when the market needs a correction, and they do. The problem is that there is a lot of "pseudoscience" in economics where observations and statistics are manipulated to support conclusions or theories based on political agendas, and the FAKE reputation of the economist , which muddies the waters in finding what is accurate and what is not.

Economics is an empirical pseudo science where the reverse happens, more often than not.

Bullsh#t phrases like "rising tide" and "trickle down" effect and percentages which economists mouth on TV , sometimes even to impress a good looking TV anchor is NOT even real.   Neoclassical Economics, has zilch predictive power.

Axiomatic systems ( proof ) are not bounded by correspondence with reality, and theoretic systems (truth ) are not bounded by our understanding of causes.  Mathematics can describe all of the universe, the universe cannot describe all of mathematics.  Axiomatic systems are not bounded by correspondence with reality, while theoretic systems are bounded by correspondence with reality.

The father of Economics is a Scotsman Adam Smith.



So who is or rather who was Adam Smith.

He was the "one man think tank" to the owner of British East India Company.  Rather he was the adviser to Robert Clive, the henchman of Rothschild..  Much later he would advise Rothschild on how to set up his banking cartel and set up a blue print on how to control the world. 



Rothschild's agents in India for the Opium trade were the filthy rich Parsis in Mumbai, and Birla, JK and party in Calcutta. Sasoon who belonged to Rothschild bloodline, who operated from Bombay, kept a hawk's eye.

The agents for the black slave trade in USA was JP Morgan. 

In 1834, Rothschild prevailed upon Sir John Gladstone to replace African black slaves with Indian Indentured labour.  Never in the history of mankind has there been a saga of such greed and injustice-- where more than 1.3 million innocent Indians were duped whole sale , given a life sentence , dumped in far flung corners of the planet and forgotten for ever. 




Christian Missionaries were used deep in forests to lure tribals. 530000 Indians went to Guyana alone, while Mauritius had 350000 , Malaya 250000 and Trinidad had 150000 coolies.



And today we have Sonia Gandhi and Manmohan Singh have given the same Rothschild , a toe hold -- nay-- a drivers's seat , by allowing FDI in multi-brand retail, FDI in insurance etc.


On the Dec 20, 2004 letter, the FAM’s foreign trade committee chairman Chandrakant T. Shanghvi said that Manmohan Singh had categorically told a delegation of the traders’ body that “we should not permit FDI in retail trade… India does not require the kind of reforms which would, rather than creating employment, destroy employment”.  

So all this is the idea of W right ?-- and Manmohan Paaji is scared of her ?

By the way our own PM Manmohan Singh worked for a R0thschild financial concern before he became India's Finance Minister, as a part of re-orientation.  He was the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.

Our poor PM Chandrasekhar was reduced to selling our Gold in 1991, and World Bank and IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Paaji was made Finance Minister. And later Italian Queen Bee Sonia would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Paaji as PM-- going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy.

Rothschild man Manmohan Singh was made the Finance Minister of India or IMF would NOT give a loan to India.  Rothschild had done the same with SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh ( won Magsaysay award twice ) who was knighted in 1944 just because he had a Jew British wife. 

Rothschild would NOT give India a loan to procure wheat from USA unless our SIR was made Finance Minister of India.  




Why not a Jew wife ?   Chintamani Deshmukh bhaiyya was himself was a Bene Israel Jew whose ancestor was lifted from Kerala and dumped off the coast of Konkan, from a Rothschild owned British East India company ship..  ( later a lot of Bene Israel Jews opted to induct themselves into  Chandraseniya Kayastha Prabhu clan so that they could eat beef... saamp bhi mare laathi bhi na toote.) .


Rothschild used Edwina to arm twist Nehru and install him as the Finance Minister in the Union Cabinet (1950–1956).

SIR Chintaman Dwarakanath Deshmukh attended the Breton Woods Conference to create IMF on invitation of R0thschild in July1944 . )  Rothschild liked him, and he was a member of the Board of Governors of both of IMF for the next ten years

R0thschilds controls the US Federal reserve, all the Central banks of all the countries of the world --except Libya, Syria, Iran, North Korea and Cuba. Libya has been taken out. The next in the pecking order is Syria--then Iran.

R0thschild also controls the IMF and World Bank. So, how does the IMF and the World Bank work?

They put a country in debt, in such a big debt it can`t pay it, and then they will offer to refinance that debt, and pay you even more interest, and you demand this quid pro quo which you call a “conditionality” or “good Paaji governance”. Their  bouncers – nay- watch dogs are S&P, Fitch, Moody’s etc.

This process of manipulation by the corporato-cracy through the use of debt, bribery and, political overthrow is called “Globalization”.  Just as the federal reserve keeps the American public in a position of indentured servitude through perpetual debt, inflation and interest, the World Bank and IMF serve this role on a global scale.

The basic scam is simple.  Put a country in debt either by its own indiscretion or through corrupting the leader of that country, then , impose conditionalities, or Structural Adjustment Policies…often consisting of currency devaluation, privatization of state-owned enterprises trade liberalization.. Or the opening up of the economy through removing any restrictions on FDI in multibrand retail or Insurance sector or foreign trade. The rating agencies will give low growth bull percentages.

This allows for a number of abusive economic manifestations… such as Jewish Walmart and Monsanto type transnational corporations bringing in their own mass produced products, undercutting the indigenous production and ruining local economies… Today, countless farmers are out of work, for they are unable to compete with the large corporations.

Another variation is the creation of numerous, seemingly unnoticed, unregulated, inhumane sweatshop factories, which take advantage of the imposed economic hardship.

The world is being taken over by a handful of business powers as per the blue print of Adam Smith , who dominate the natural resources we need to live, while controlling the money that we need to obtain these resources.

Adam Smith? Who the hell is Adam Smith?

Economic students need NO introduction. He is the father of Economics.

We Indians need to know more about Adam Smith.

The British soldier in India thought that he was fighting for queen and country. Actually simple John Bull shed his blood for a German Jew.  R0thschild had their own Hessian merceneray army, highly paid, who spoke no English. Whenever secrecy ,deceit and covert operations were involved , without even the British Parliament and Queen knowing about it , R0thschild used his hessian Regiment . The spoils went into his underground cellar.

Opium traders R0thschild took over India officially vide the Battle of Plassey in 1757 , and stopped all pretense of being traders,  by amazing deceit which sprung from the warped brains of Adam Smith

First of all the trigger of the Black hole of Calcutta was cooked up . It was tom tommed by British East India Company that Nawab Siraj Ud Daula locked up 146 Britishers in a small dark ill ventilated room, out of which 123 died. The truth is only 58 people were in the room , out of which 19 died..


Adam Smith used his deception model to end the Mughal Empire in India. There was supposed to be a great heroic Battle of Plassey in 1757, for the British East India Company under Robert Clive to take over India. The excuse was the incident called the Black hole of Calcutta. The R0thschild held media made a mountain out of the molehill.  Even today the world media and Hollywood is controlled by Rothschild cartel. The Indian news on Indian TV is Rothschild spun.

The Battle of Plassey itself is a huge lie.  It never took place. History was fudged. It is so easy when you control the peer reviewed media and publishing houses. This is why you get the truth on Internet.

Early in 1756, Siraj Ud Daulah had succeeded his grandfather Alivardi Khan as Nawab of Bengal. Siraj Ud Daula was killed before even a single shot was fired by his brother-in-law and army Commander Mir Jaffar, who was bribed by Rothschild employee Robert Clive.



Mir Jaffar was made a stooge Nawab and in return he gave a lot of Siraj Ud Daula's gold and diamonds for Robert Clive to take home personally in great secrecy. Clive wanted to squeeze him more and when unable to milk him further, shoved off Mir Jaffar and put his rival Mir Qasim as the Satrap.

Adam Smith ( born 5 June 1723 – died 17 July 1790) took ten years to write his economics gospel by way of a book “The Wealth of Nations “ , publishing it in 1776. .  He never married, and he used to walk like a CHAKKA.  He was delusional too,  sometimes in a morbid manner.

He is also said to have put bread and butter into a teapot, drunk the concoction, upped his ante and made a hue and cry over the quality of tea . Another time our man Adam Smith without as much as a “by your leave”  went out sleep walking in his nightgown in broad daylight and ended up 24 km outside of town, before nearby church bells brought him back to reality.

His house used to look like a garbage dump as he hoarded everything.

Much later in 1799, R0thschild would murder Tipu Sultan , and then make a huge pretense of a great war. By now Adam Smith was dead and gone. But the blue print was his alone.

The door of Tipu’s fort were opened by Mir Sadeeq on 4th May 1799. . All Tipu Sultan loyalists soldiers were sent away to stand in queue for wage distribution. Tipu Sultan was having his food, when he was killed by a single shot from close quarters on his left cheek. He was also stabbed three times on his chest and later dumped outside on the field among the dead at dusk  .



Mir Sadiq and his assistant Mir Moinuddin , who were bribed by R0thschild man Lord Wellesely, were both murdered by the British and made it appear as if they were killed by Tipu Sultan loyalists.  So the British made ousted King Wodeyar, rotting in Tipu's prison , the new king of Mysore.

R0thschild is like Phantom, The Ghost who walks. When one Phantom dies the son takes over the empire.

R0thschild  took away Tipu Sultan's gold worth Trillions, in 3 ships which were waiting for months to carry it away. This is the base banking capital of Nathan Rothschild. This gold was stolen from the Kerala temples by Tipu Sultan ,the fruit of 6 millenniums of spice trade. 

I am from Kerala. 




In a minor south Kerala Sri Padmanabhaswamy temple 25 billion US dollars worth gold was unearthed in July 2011. The main vaults are yet to be opened due to security issues and a judicial order. Tipu Sultan was left alone by Rothschild till be made a huge pile of gold by plundering the temples of Kerala, using his half Arab half Malayali Muslim spies.



Much later Winston Churchill , whose mother Jenny Jerome was Rothschild, would use the Adam Smith model to start both World Wars, to carve out the state of Israel. He used used Lusitania ( sister ship of Titanic ) to drag America into the war in WW1 and Pearl Harbour in WW2. Today Rothschilds owns most of Israel

Getting back to the father of Economics-- Adam Smith had OCD or obsessive compulsive disorder. Hoarding is an effort to manage the anxiety raised by obsessive doubts.  There will be  a disruption to feelings of self-worth, interpersonal relationships, occupation, or health as a result of hoarding items which are worthless.. A hoarder will have an imaginary emotional connection to all such garbage. People with personality disorders , generally, blame others for their problems. They are awful to work with because they don’t accept responsibility for themselves and therefore never change.


When such people write the gospel of economics, " The Weath Of Nations" you know what you will get.  Much later Milton Friedman effectively took many of the basic principles set forth by Adam Smith and the classical economists and modernized them.  This is the reason why economists fall into the same hole again and again and again.

The heavy part comes now-- let me crack a quintessential  "Economist " joke, to cheer you up.

These dorks are so full of themselves .

Experienced economist and not so experienced economist are walking down Oxford street.

They get across shit lying on the asphalt.

Experienced economist: "If you eat it I'll give you $20,000!"

Not so experienced economist runs his optimization program on his I7 procesor laptop and figures out he's better off eating it so he does and collects money.

Continuing along the same road they almost step into yet another pice of turd.

The not so experienced economist: "Now, if YOU eat this shit I'll give YOU $20,000."

After evaluating the proposal , our experienced economist eats shit and pockets the moolah.

They go on.

The not so experienced economist starts thinking aloud : "Listen, we both have the same amount of money we had before, but we both ate shit. I don't see us being better off."

Experienced economist: "Well, that's true, but you overlooked the fact that we've been just involved in $40,000 of fucking trade."

Take a break -- come back and try and understand what I say.  I am a perceptive ship Captain. I really don't care for mother hen's opinion as to how good the omelette on my breakfast plate is.

Now let me digress and give you an brief introduction to the great American Depression of 1924. This is one of the holes I talked about before when all economists fell face down .

The international bankers mentored by Rothschild installed a Central Bank in 1913…The Federal Reserve. And as long as this institution exists, perpetual debt is guaranteed.

Unfortunately, economics is often viewed with confusion and boredom. Endless streams of financial jargon coupled with intimidating empirical mathematics quickly baffle and deter people from attempts at understanding it. However, the fact is, the complexity associated with the financial system is a mere mask, designed to conceal one of the most socially paralyzing structures humanity has ever endured.

Every single dollar in your wallet is owed to somebody by somebody; for remember, the only way the money can come into existence is from loans. Therefore, if everyone in the country were able to pay off all debts, including the government, there would not be one dollar in circulation. If there were no debts in Adam Smith modeled US money system, there wouldn`t be any money.

Now, so far we have discussed the reality that money is created out of debt, through loans. These loans are based on a bank’s “Reserves” and Reserves are derived from deposits. Through this fractional reserve system, any one deposit can create 9 times its original value, in turn debasing the existing money supply, raising prices in society. And since all this money is created out of debt and circulated randomly through commerce, people become detached from their original debt and a disequilibrium exists where people are forced to compete for labor, in order to pull enough money out of the money supply to cover their costs of living.

As dysfunctional and backwards as all of this might seem… there is still one thing we have omitted from this equation… and it is this element of the structure which reveals the truly fraudulent nature of the system itself.
 -The application of Interest.

When the government borrows money from the Fed or when person borrows money from a bank, it almost always has to be paid back with accrued interest. In other words, almost every single dollar that exists must be eventually returned to a bank, with interest paid as well. But, if all money is borrowed from the central bank and is expanded by the commercial banks through loans, only what would be referred to as the ‘principle’ is being created in the money supply…. So then, where is the money to cover all of the interest that is charged?

Nowhere. It doesn’t exist. The ramifications of this are staggering, for the amount of money owed back to the banks will always exceed the amount of money that is available in circulation. This is why Inflation is a constant in the economy, for new money is always needed to help cover the perpetual deficit built into the system, caused by the the need to pay the interest.

There are two ways to conquer and enslave a nation. One is by the sword. The other is by debt.-John Adams-1735-1826).

OOPS I went of tangent --let me get back to the Great American Depression of 1924.

The nineteen twenties was a period of great prosperity in the United States.

The financial jackals decided that it is the right time to pull the rug from the feet of the gullible.

Schemes were laid down where by paying a small amount , you could buy almost anything , provided you give a monthly recurring payment--or in short put the common man in the vice of debt.

The gullible common Yank had NO dang idea , of the dangers of debt and high interest rates --  and kept shopping merrily.

Advertising became part of the fabric of American culture as ads dominated newspapers and magazines--about huge discounts and hassle free loans.

Keeping up with the Joneses , social snobbery and false studies convinced consumers to buy more.
With massive corporate growth, high employment and a post-war bull-market on Wall Street, first time American investors went on a stock-market buying spree.

Everyone wanted a piece of this cake.

People bought stock on margin or credit for as little as 10% down. They then used the stock as collateral to borrow more money to buy more stock. Then they did it again. The market was a free-for-all. It was prosperity heaven.

Although everything looked rosy, it was a castle made of sand and the great American party ended on October 29th 1929 when the stock market crashed and caught everyone off guard.

Everyone except the Jew Rothschild money bag insiders and their financial jackals --that is.

In April of 1929, Paul Warburg, the father of the Fed, sent out a secret advisory warning his friends that a collapse and nationwide depression was certain, then in August of 1929 the Fed began to tighten money.

Huge financial Wall Street giants were forewarned in secret of the incoming tsunami .

John D. Rockefeller, J.P. Morgan, Bernard Beruch and all the Free Masons ( read as the old Opium running partners of Rothschild family) got out of the stock market just before the crash and put all their assets in cash or gold.
 
On October 24th, 1929, the big NY bankers called in their 24-hour broker call loans. This meant that both stockbrokers and customers had to dump their stocks on the market to cover their loans, no matter what price they had to sell them for. As a result, the market tumbled and that day was known as "Black Thursday".

Curtis Dall, a broker for Lehman brothers, was on the floor of the NY stock exchange the day of the crash.  In his 1970 book, "FDR: my exploited father in law", he explained that the crash was triggered by the planned sudden shortage of call money in the NY money market.

Within a few weeks, $3 billion vanished into thin air. Within a year, $40 billion vanished.

But did it really disappear?

Or was it simply netted by the financial jackals?

And what did the Fed do? Instead of moving to help the economy out, by quickly lowering interest rates to stimulate the economy, the Fed continued to brutally contract the money supply further, deepening the depression.

Between 1929 and 1933, the Fed reduced the money supply by an additional 33%. The Federal reserve engineered the great Depression.

But the money lost by the common Yank during the depression, didn't just vanish. It was lined the nests of the jackals who had gotten out just before the crash and had purchased gold, which is always a safe place to put your money just before a depression.
 
Following the crash the great depression put 1/3 of the US workforce out of work.


 
The banks foreclosed on property and took possession of peoples' homes and farms. When panicked citizens lined-up at banks to withdraw their hard earned savings, the banks gave them only 10c on the dollar.

Homeless and desperate, many Americans set up tent cities and roamed the rails looking for work.



Congressman Louis McFadden, chairman of the House Banking Committee, claimed the crash was planned by the international bankers who sought to become rulers of us all. In his famous 1932 Congressional address he said "Mr. Chairman, we have in this country one of the most corrupt institutions the world has ever known. I refer to the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve banks. The Federal Reserve Board has cheated the people of the United States out of enough money to pay the national debt 3 times over. This evil institution has impoverished and ruined the people of the United States through the defects of the law in which it operates and through the corrupt practices of the moneyed vultures who control it.

The common Yank thinks the Federal Reserve Banks are government institutions. They are not government institutions; they are private credit monopolies which prey upon the people of the United States for the benefit of themselves.

Following a series of death threats, McFadden was finally poisoned and done in by the jackals.

Murder-- yes-- you are dealing with ex-drug runners and slave traders, right?

Economics has done a poor job of understanding the economy,  as demonstrated by the failure of metrics,  statistical collection of data ,  academic monitoring . Not a single Economical Science expert out of millions could predict the 2008 recession, despite indications to the contrary. Economics fails because it can only understand the economy in abstract terms, and so it is seen clearly.  Economics appears to primarily study large corporations and small businesses with the catchall term of “firms.”

I can see that you are pretty depressed by now--let me tell you another joke, while you have your coffee.  

For what follows after the joke will be pretty depressing and you will get terribly angry at the WAYS OF THE PIED PIPER.

An American banker needs to go for a crap , and so he stops at the best motel in town in Oklahoma .

He tells the motel owner at the reception that he needs to stay overnight, but he has to check out the best room first, and only if it suits his standards, only then , he will stay overnight.

The owner agrees, takes 100 dollars from him as a refundable deposit, and the traveller goes up to check out his room.

Meanwhile the motel owner races to the town’s resident whore and returns the 100 dollars he owes her. The whore rushes to the tailor and return 100 dollars she owes him. The tailor rushes to the butcher, the butcher rushes to the tavern owner etc etc—this 100 dollar changes hands several times , before the 100 dollar bill comes back to the motel owner via the local blacksmith who had used the motel several times.

The traveller meanwhile declares that the motel room is below his standards, ( but he used the toilet for a nice crap quietly ) collects his 100 dollars back from the motel owner , gets into his car and drives away. Now—

Every body has benefitted—the traveller had his free crap at leisure, the entire town have repayed their debts in a MERRY GO ROUND WAY , and is looking forwards to a better future with renewed confidence.

This is how the American system works.



Since 99% of my readers are NOT economists , I must give them a brief run down of what this pseudo science is all about.

Adam Smith (1776) defined what was then called political economy as "an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations".

Economics is a study of man in the ordinary business of life. It enquires how he gets his income and how he uses it.  It is a science which studies human behaviour as a relationship between ends and ze scarce means .

Economics is the social science that analyzes the production, distribution, and consumption of goods and services.  Positive economics (describing "what is"), normative economics (advocating "what ought to be") , Mainstream economics (more "orthodox" and dealing with the "rationality-individualism-equilibrium nexus") and Heterodox economics (more "radical" and dealing with the "institutions-history-social structure nexus.

Economists use gross domestic product (GDP) to keep track of how an economy is doing, which is a flawed way. GDP measures the value of all final goods and services produced in an economy in a given period of time, usually a quarter or a year.   So a recession occurs when GDP is decreasing.  A boom occurs when GDP is increasing.

The assessment of economic growth based on Gross Domestic Product is a fallacy, because GDP is merely a measure of the amount of money in an economy. The one thing it does not measure, which is central to economic progress (note progress, not growth), is the level of entrepreneurial activity in a country like India.  Don’t believe me , just take a flight to Coimbatore or Ludhiana . This has important implications for the efficacy of government interventions and solutions to the current economic crisis.

On a ship I judge an officer by his future potential. NOT by what he did in the past. At sea we look ahead and we do NOT look too much into the rear.

GDP is basically the sum total of recorded business activity at the consumption level plus government spending expressed in money terms.  If the government spends more, GDP rises; give more money to consumers, GDP rises; give more bank credit to consumers or business, GDP rises.  Cut government spending, GDP falls. This is not contentious and has nothing to do with economic progress.  Importantly, it excludes future entrepreneurial activity, except to the extent that an entrepreneur has actually spent some money putting his future plans into action. The obsession with GDP means that entrepreneurial activity, which is Adam Smith’s unseen hand that guides our future, is invisible to economic planners.

Misleading statistics such as GDP are leading all governments into bad policy decisions, and their choice has narrowed down to either ever-greater reflationary attempts to pump up GDP, or alternatively facing a collapse in the GDP number as bank credit contracts.. The twin errors of misunderstanding GDP are the failure to see that monetary inflation is concealing a deepening economic depression,  and it encourages policies that destroy entrepreneurial activity, or economic progress itself.  This is a deadly combination, the equivalent of being in a hole and continuing to dig.

We cannot expect politicians to stop digging deeper and faster when their economic advisers are calling for more shovels. All politicians are fully committed to the fallacies that result from confusing GDP with economic progress. They pursue economic policies that are the equivalent of eating their own children.

Microeconomics is generally the study of individuals and business decisions,  while macroeconomics looks at higher up country and government decisions.

Microeconomics focuses on supply and demand and other forces that determine the price levels seen in the economy.  It examines the behavior of basic elements in the economy, including individual agents (such as households and firms or as buyers and sellers) and markets, and their interactions.

Macroeconomics does not adhere to a valid scientific method and supporting evidence cannot be sufficiently provided as there are so many factors which are totally ignored. Most theories lack any plausibility This is the field of economics that studies the behavior of the economy as a whole , entire industries and economies. This looks at economy-wide phenomena, such as Gross National Product (GDP) and how it is affected by changes in unemployment, national income, rate of growth, and price levels. 

Macroeconomics would look at how an increase/decrease in net exports would affect a nation's capital account or how GDP would be affected by unemployment rate. Macroeconomics analyzes the entire economy and issues affecting it, including unemployment, inflation, economic growth, and monetary and fiscal policy.  It examines the economy as a whole to explain broad aggregates and their interactions "top down", that is, using a simplified form of general-equilibrium theory. 

Such aggregates include national income and output, the unemployment rate, and price inflation and subaggregates like total consumption and investment spending and their components. It also studies effects of monetary policy and fiscal policy. Macroeconomic analysis also considers factors affecting the long-term level and growth of national income. Such factors include capital accumulation, technological change and labor force growth.

The microeconomics upon which modern macro has now been founded is indeed bull  but if we do the micro right, then we can come up with non-bull  macro.  When the computer takes in Micro crap, the output Macro crap will still be crap.. Maybe we can come up with slightly better macro than what we’ve got now, but the underlying micro is never gonna to be right. Economics is haunted by more fallacies than any other study known to man. Probably Economics must be taught about culture and human behavior, there can be no generalisation here.

The bottom line is that microeconomics takes a bottoms-up approach to analyzing the economy while macroeconomics takes a top-down approach.  We must shove in food through the right orifice and excrete it from the right orifice.

Modern economics has degenerated into a vulgar pseudo-science.  Economists could no more explain periodic trade depressions than to predict them. Economics is so fundamentally disconnected from the real world we live in , it is downright destructive.

 Economics is a pseudo-science and economists are its alchemists.  The rating agencies are just the mob muscle for the financial companies. In case a Rothschild bank needs to squeeze the ba##s of  a "client"  just get the “pet dog” rating agency to threaten to downgrade a little bit. We live in the age of the economic engineer, where everything means nothing and nothing means everything.  Pick a number, any number, and do what you like to it.

Wrong-headed economics was the cause of the financial crisis. It has brought us a mountain of debt.  It has encouraged us to waste the world’s resources without much thought for the consequences.  It is behind the rise in individualism and the weakening of many democratic principles.  It has warped our ideas of charity, social responsibility and progress.

We need to ditch many modern economic ideas. Notions about the free market, competition, regulation and trade need to be reconsidered. We need a different measure of progress. We need to put ourselves, our societies, back at the core of what we want to achieve. Modern economics has fallen short. It has widened the gap between rich and poor.

It has not allocated the world's resources fairly. It has brought the West to the brink of financial ruin. It has placed short-term gain before long-term progress. And it has made us focus on the individual, not the society. The end result is a worldwide financial crisis of epic proportions and a planet being scraped clean of the resources needed by future generations, and things are only getting worse.

The authorities could no longer calculate the risks and started relying on the risk management methods of the greedy banks themselves-- or to be more precise highly paid bakers covering their  own asses.

A pseudoscience is  presented as scientific, , it lacks supporting evidence and  cannot be reliably tested. Due to the sheer scale and complexity of national, regional and global economies, no macroeconomic theories can be reliably tested. The economy is so complex that macroeconomists massively simplify it in order to try and make some data fit their theories. 

Economic models are almost totally useless, as there are trillions of factors which affect the economy constantly. This is like calculating the Shear forces and bending moments of a complex ship meant to ply stormy oceans , using a rectangular barge in still harbor waters.

Economics contain quite complicated Calculus and Math equations that just happens to have little or nothing to do with what it's supposed to prove. To suggest economies were not generally efficient would  be heresy in many classes. You see Amatya Sen’s wife Emma is now glorifying Adam Smith. After all he was a servant of her family.

Indian Nobel prize winner , Amartya Sen's third wife is Emma Rothschild, who is the direct blood sister of Amschel Mayor James Rothschild.

Bengalis who were NOT playing ball and resisting Opium cultivation in their fertile fields were forbidden to plant rice. This was on Adam Smith’s advise to Warren hastings. 




In 1769, there was a great famine deliberately introduced and sustained  killing more than 10.2 million ( 102 lakh ) Bengalis.




“Famine has never risen from any other cause but the violence of government attempting by improper means, to remedy the inconvenience of dearth.” – Adam Smith 

Adam Smith talks above,  about the Bengal famine, he initiated which killed 10.2 million Bengalis ( 102 lakh ) .  Warren Hastings was crucified. 




Adam Smith had a painful death after this event-as divine retribution



What an king sized asshole!



Much later in 1943, R0thschild stooge Winston Churchill would deliberately starve 5.4 million Bengalis as vicious retribution to the decision of Subhash Chandra Bose to form INA and jump boats in mid-river from the British side to the Jap side. 





In 1943 Winston Churchill ( whose mother Jennie is Rothschild ) deliberately starved and murdered 5.2 million Bengalis , as vicious retribution to Bengali Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose forming INA , who jumped boats in mid-river from the Brit boat to the Jap boat.  Now Indian would fight Indian. 

A Nobel prize was arranged for Am#rtya Sen by his R0thschild wife Emma. He now had to white wash Churchill’s genocide using Economic jargon and bull. 



This is how he did..

QUOTE-- But Smith's defense of private trade only took the form of disputing the belief that stopping trade in food would reduce the burden of hunger. That does not deny in any way the need for state action to supplement the operations of the market by creating jobs and incomes (e.g., through work programs). If unemployment were to increase sharply thanks to bad economic circumstances or bad public policy, the market would not, on its own, recreate the incomes of those who have lost their jobs. The new unemployed, Smith wrote, "would either starve, or be driven to seek a subsistence either by begging, or by the perpetration perhaps of the greatest enormities," and "want, famine, and mortality would immediately prevail...." UNQUOTE--  BLAH BLAH BLAH—

By all this jargon,he meant to say in plain language—

1) There was adequate food in Bengal at the time of the great famine in 1943.
2) There was NO need for Churchill to send rice to India .
3) Diverting grain ships from Australia passing India enroute to Suez Canal every few days, was NOT necessary.
4) Bengalis did panic buying and greedy hoarding in a disgraceful manner.
5) The local administration consisting of mainly Bengalis were corrupt and inefficient in food distribution.
6) How incompetence and corruption can cause famine in a land of plenty.
7) Root cause of famine was inflation and speculative hoarding by Bengalis. It was NOT hoarded by British for the army.
8) Food was stocked 13% more in Bengal than in 1943 than in 1941. Hence it was OK for Churchill to export food from India.
9) Famine cannot exist in proper democracy. ( India under princely states never had famine )
10) 1943 famine was a local Bengali man made thing. The incompetence was native NOT of the British.
11) Bengali producers exported food.
12) Wages of labourers was NOT in par with food prices. Enough food was there , believe me, I saw it in the local bania godowns .

Am#rya Sen baffle you with human rights, poverty, inequality , welfare economics , social choice theory , democracy to prevent famine, food distribution systems , FAD, entitlement theory, third degree shortage in a under nourished society, misdirected policies, negative freedom, positive freedom ( sic!) , entitlement shifts -- BLAH BLAH. 

Now—

Let us imagine a boy king of 12 is in charge of a kingdom threatened by famine --  as it has happened so many times in our history. 
He knows that even Napoleon cannot eat thrice the amount of rice (or staple food like potato) he normally eats -- we are NOT talking about caviar here.  

He will know that all available food has to be immediately secured or siezed , by strict monitoring.  He will make hoarding a death penalty.  For this he does NOT have to search the whole country, where 95% people are hand to mouth --"there goes one more day" pattern. 

He will prohibit any family from having more than a week of food stock in their houses.   He will introduce a fair price rationing system for people below the poverty line.  When it comes to the crunch he will give a royal order that only the king's depots  can sell rice. 

He will make sure epidemics are controlled , by advocating alternate foods , instead of rice --  as usually 60% of famine deaths are by malnutrition related diseases. He will eliminate waste. He will d his level best to import food.  He will leave no stone unturned to run survival kitchens.

He is not gonna be constrained by bullshit modern economist theories -- where just mere earthy commonsense is required.

He needs no Adam fu#kin’ Smith theory, to save his people.

As soon as Amartya Sen won the Nobel prize in 1998 for Economic sciences 10.4 lakh Bengalis delirious with joy had taken out a rally on the streets of Calcutta, dancing for hours.  

His R0thschild wife Emma rewarded him for white washing the war crime of her own family R0thschild and Winston Churchill . Amartya Sen's third wife is Emma R0thschild, is the direct blood sister of Amschel Mayor James Rothschild.

Bengalis were prohibited to plant food and all their boats . Even bullock carts and elephants were confiscated, as a scorched earth policy( sic!) against Jap invaders.Starving skeletoned people in a terribly shocking condition started pouring into Calcutta, by the millions . They would forage , fight over scraps , and eat any sort of garbage .







Adam Smith was responsible for the Chinese Opium misery. It was his idea.

His theory was-- EVERY MAN IS ALLOWED TO PURSUE HIS HEDONISTIC DESIRES TO A LAWFUL CONCLUSION, AND THAT OPIUM IS A "LEGITIMATE PRODUCT" . ( If you want to know what is Hedonism , go to Negril Jamaica , and check out drugged orgies on the open beach in broad daylight -- own pleasure first ! screw everybody else !!)  ALL OBSTACLES TO BUYING CHEAP AND SELLING DEAR MUST BE REMOVED, WHICH IS THE CORE OF GLOBALISATION...

Emma R0thschild's has also done a good job of white washing  hedonist and East India company employee, Adam Smith vide her book ECONOMIC SENTIMENTS.



Sorry Emma--here is one in the eye for you, below -- ( above picture is of Richard Cantillon ) 

Adam Smith's brilliance cannot be questioned with economists around you,unless you want to be insulted. n. Any errors he made were excused as the inevitable flaws of any great IQ absent minded professor..

'Adam Smith ties' were worn as a badge of honour in the upper echelons of the Reagan Administration. Nobody would wear a Hitler tie, right?

Marxists, hail Adam Smith as the ultimate inspiration of their own Founding Father, German Jew Karl Marx, who was related to Rothschild.. Indeed, if the average person were asked to name two economists in history whom he has heard of, Smith and Marx would probably be the runaway winners of the poll.

Adam Smith originated nothing that was true, and  whatever he originated was bull. Adam Smith was a shameless plagiarist, from the works of Richard Cantillon. 


Have you seen our own mediocre economist Amartya Sen lisp the word “model” in every third sentence ?   He wants to stand out as a brilliant guy of the Adam Smith school, which is so dear to his Rothschild wife ( third one )..

Modern economics is obsessed with modelling.  If an economist does NOT say the world model or even hear it, he will go crazy with withdrawal symptoms.

What is a model?

Models  describe a situation, and describe how that situation would be changed by a given set of event—demand and supply. A mathematical model as a predictive tool to demonstrate the outcome of events in this complex world run by human emotions — is for the gullible.

Economists are pretenders who use formal mathematical techniques to understand, and hold your breath - accurately predict the result of changes in the economy .  The truth is that these stupid models can never  accurately predict the future.  When you fire a gun you know where the bullet will make a hole. But hey, our modern economists baffle you with bull, that they can accurately model the trajectories of prices, employment and interest rates .

An economist with mediocre brains ( otherwise he would be a rocket scientist ) pretends to be a master of all trades -  philosophers, social engineers, historians, sooth sayers, mathematicians, statisticians, political scientists, sociologists and psychologists, among many other things.  The math equation is difficult to comprehend , as it is nonsense.

Yet economics — and economic decisions, from the macro to the micro level — is a human subject NOT math.  It is subtle and psychological and sporadic. A human subject requires human language, human emotion, human intuition. The grand theoretical-mathematical approach to economics is nonsense...

The pseudo-scientific school of mathematical economics if for the perfect world run by robots without emotions— where even the weather is math controlled and there can be no domino effects-- where there is no subtlety or ambiguity or uncertainty.

Mayer Amschel (Anselm) Rothschild, was born in Juddddenstrasse Frankfurt am Main, Germany in 1744, and is held to be  the founder of the famous House of Rothschild. But his money lending father  had financial interests in bothe Germany and France.

Richard Cantillon (1680s – May 1734) was an Irish-French banker and economist . He wrote the Essai sur la Nature du Commerce en Général (Essay on the Nature of Trade in General), a book considered by William Stanley Jevons to be the "cradle of political economy" .

During the late 1710s and early 1720s, Cantillon speculated in, and later helped fund, John Law's Mississippi Company, from which he acquired great wealth.



Cantillon was influenced by his experiences as a banker Essai is considered the first complete treatise on economics, with numerous contributions to the science. These contributions include: his cause and effect methodology, monetary theories, his conception of the entrepreneur as a risk-bearer, and the development of spatial economics.  Adam Smith copied from Cantillon's Essai .

 In 1716, the French government granted him both permission to found the Banque Générale and virtual monopoly over the right to develop French territories in North America, named the Mississippi Company.  Essai was not published until 1755 as a result of heavy censorship in France, it did widely circulate in the form of an unpublished manuscript between its completion and its publication . 

Adam Smith lifted Cantillon’s sustenance theory of wages—whole sale.

Adam Smith not only contributed nothing of value to economic thought; his economics was a grave deterioration from his predecessors. 

The mystery of Adam Smith, then, is the immense gap between a trumped up reputation ( ashe rubbed shoulders with Rothschild ) and the sordid reality. The Wealth of Nations was made to blind all men, economists and laymen alike.

The Wealth of Nations exerted such a colossal impact on the world thanks to Rothschild and East India Company, that all knowledge of previous economists was blotted out, hence Smith's reputation as Founding Father. 

Enough of false god and plagiarist Adam Smith and his reflected brilliance!

Capitalism has to be understood and rejected in its entirety.  Capitalists, do not create wealth.  Workers do. Workers are not dependent on the capitalist class but could run society in their own interests within common or co-operative ownership and democratic control. Capitalists are dependent on the exploitation of workers for their wealth and attached privileges.

Capitalism benefits capitalists, not workers . Capitalist economics is the employer's set of ideas and rules to keep workers in their place. You will not hear Chancellors of the Exchequer lecturing the CBI to make less profit and give workers higher wages but you will always hear Chancellors telling workers to be more productive and not to take increased pay rises and bonuses.. But one thing they do not have is an understanding of is their own subject matter.

Economists students must ask how the profession had been blind to the fact that its theories were leading people down the wrong path. The oft repeated paradigm that the market corrects itself, is sheer bull. Economists assumption that everyone in an economy can borrow at the same risk-free rate is pure bull.

Without a rethink, we face the end of growth. We face the end of progress. We face more poverty, greater conflict and rising ill-health.  Life expectancies will fall, as will standards of living. In developed countries, health care, savings and pension promises will be broken.  In the third world hopes for development will not be met. Tensions between peoples will grow.

We have to re-ground it in a new paradigm. A new economics can only be originated by a new outlook on value and wealth. The GDP cannot be considered a measure for the standard of our lives.

Modern Economists ( especially the ones who snort Cocaine )  are strongly influenced by their testosterone levels.

Mainstream economic and financial models, the ones that currently rule the markets and determine value, have shifted their focus over the years from what is best for the society they should try to model to what is mathematically possible to achieve for maximizing benefit of a few.  Most economists and financiers are nothing more than “hands on” mathematical labourers and their models are pseudo science.

Mainstream economic and financial models pursue an idea of value that is divorced from any concept of the general wealth and well being of human beings and society.

Prevailing models are based on a totally driven by the lust for individual profit.  These models are rooted in the win-lose paradigm . They call it “competition” and a gigantic and ineffective apparatus has been unfairly created to “ensure” fair competition.

The starting point is to define what the role of the government should be and which policies an economic model should mirror.  Any government should first and foremost protect the freedom of its citizens under the constitution.  For an Indian who suffered 800 years of slavery — it is  freedom from any risk of slavery. We do NOT want to be a banana republic where each and every Minister and  MP of the ruling party is paid bribes  by huge corporations like Walmart , Vedanta or Monsanto.

We the flies must have the ability to protect ourselves from huge spider enemies and freedom from tyranny. People must have the entrepreneurial freedom to start own small "pop and mom" ventures and business. There must be a network of support for the development of any form of free enterprise.

None of the economists are prepared to see the obvious because it is not in their equations and wish lists. Crap in equals crap out, no matter how you dress it up in fancy maths which in any case only a small percentage of people can understand.  It's just about bamboozling the masses so they don't query what bull they are being told. 

Every equation in neoclassical economics is rubbish.  The differential equations describe nothing.  Economics is not about mathematics,  it is about the human being-- in a complex country like India. Virtually all commonly held beliefs about economics--whether espoused by "baffle them with bullshit" political activists, politicians, journalists or taxpayers-- are just plain wrong.

Economics will always be bullshit because it relies on the premise that human beings behave in a systematic way, when they don’t. We cannot predict consumption/saving/investing behavior in long-lasting ways.  "Culture" is a  inexplicable, chaotic force that makes economics hopeless.

There's no guarantee that what may  hold today will hold tomorrow. Science rests on the assumption that the mechanisms of the Universe are stable. When that assumption fails, economic science fails.  Even if the macroeconomy is incredibly chaotic, the economists use brute-force computer power to make short-term forecasts, like how weather forecasters do.

Economics previously was not a very mathematical science, at least compared to the way it is today.  Economists used to write articles with very few equations, or even without any equations at all. 


People don’t understand complicated math, so economists can automatically win arguments with someone who cant understand math.  Nowadays, most papers on economics have complex equations in them.  All economists have to be able to talk about their ideas using grandiose mathematical models and statistics, or other economists won’t respect them. This is part of what is called being able to “think like an dazzling economist.”

Economists still like wearing their 3-D glasses after the 3D Titanic movie is over and they drive home to go to bed with great self importance.

Economics starts with assumptions and then tries to do voodoo math with the assumptions. Why are the ignorant and low IQ politicians and commentators who confidently speak economic nonsense treated as sages? And why do so many journalists uncritically repeat their nonsense? If not they may lose their jobs, right?  The news media lavish on high-profile politicians and pundits who baffle people with confident bull with absolute certainty --on matters about which their own words show they know nothing.

Too few people in public life understand economics, numbers or algebra. None of them did Math or Calculus in college. Hardly any remember, the crucial concept underlying matters of economics and finance known as accounting identities. 

Accounting identities are statements that must be true no matter how you arrange the components. Thus 2+1=3 just as 3-1=2.  Likewise, net worth equals assets minus liabilities just as assets equal liabilities plus net worth and profits equal revenue minus costs.

I have NOT yet seen an economist who can solve a simple math below, which even a illiterate chai-wala boy in Calcutta can do.

Three friends go to a bar for drinking beer ( costing 10 dollars a bottle )
As usual they take out one 10 dollar bill each from their wallets and gives the waiter,  3 nos 10 dollar  notes or 30 dollars.

The bar owner is in a expansive mood and he tells the waiter -- "happy hour time! -- give them 5 dollars back!!-- i will charge only 25 dollars for 3 beers today ".

The clever waiter knows 5 dollars cannot be split between 3 regular dutchmen. so he pockets 2 dollars and returns 3 one dollar notes .

The three of them put back one dollar each into their respective wallets.  Initially each wallet had one 10 dollar bill--now it has only one single dollar bill.

Now comes the perception part:

All three of them spent 9 dollars each-- 27 dollars total.
The waiter got 2 dollars.

WHERE IS ONE DOLLAR GONE-- POOF???

Be honest to yourself and dont read further, till you figure this out.

You tell an accountant without perception to give you a debit/ credit accounts statement--and see the way he sweats.

See literacy has nothing to do with perception.  A illiterate chaiwala boy in mumbai can make an ass out of you, when it comes to accounts.

Daft accountants make a mistake when it comes to "receipts" and " balance ".

Here in this case it is - 30+0= 27+3.

Opening cash + receipts = spent cash+ balance cash.  It can never ever be 30-3+2=29

See, you cant argue with dorks.   2 dollars is something which happened in the mann mandir of the waiter.  How do you know that he stole 2 dollars ?   Accounting has to be objective.

This is where the economists confidence goes for a toss.



In economics, Gross Domestic Product equals consumer spending plus government spending plus investment plus the net of exports and imports.  Or in its simplest form: Spending = Output = Income.  One can predict that , over the long term, if marginal costs exceeds marginal revenues, then a firm will go broke.

Economists are charlatans hired by politicians to push a particular point of view, masquerading as sure science. Politicians know very well how to fix the economy, but their masters, blinded by greed, refuse to let go.  Our minds are raped  with the scientific nonsense. It is all about greed. That is the only element driving our economic system, which is called capitalism, is greed.




Economic models try to simulate the real universe of commerce, with idiotic assumptions based on SCANTY INFORMATION , which of course will lead to stupid predictions. Natural science models can predict more accurately because they deal with simple inputs.  Human behavior can never ever be a simple input.

Modern economics is obsessed with modelling.  A mathematical model is a predictive tool created to demonstrate the outcome of events in a over simplified alternate universe.  Mathematical economic theories cannot accurately predict the future. This is NOT a calculation like low tide-high tide or sunrise- sunset time. 

Physicists can very accurately model the trajectories of rocks in space. But economists cannot accurately model the trajectories of prices, employment and interest rates down on the rocky terrain. So they make the map more important that the terrain.

Economics — and economic decisions, from the macro to the micro level — is a human subject. It is subtle and psychological and sporadic. A human subject requires human language, human emotion, human intuition.

The grand theoretical-mathematical approach to economics is fundamentally flawed. Trying to smudge the human reality of economics and politics into cold mathematical shackles is degenerative.

The pseudo-scientific school of mathematical economics hungers and craves for a perfect world, where each river is the same, where there is no butterfly effect, where human preferences are expressed in equation form, where there is no subtlety or ambiguity or uncertainty.

Economics students waste 3 years, learning to fiddle with budget constraints and production functions, and using constrained maximisation to solve irrelevant problems that are completely detached from reality.  They are given completely arbitrary utility functions and aren't told why those functions are appropriate to use. And then, when they have  solved these archiac problems, they are told  that it "proves" that the free market works, and that the price signal ensures efficiency.

The whole purpose of economics is to justify the status quo, to act as apologists for environmental degradation, income inequality and neoliberal capitalism. If the student tries to innovate with ethical arguments he is accused of  not "thinking like an economist".  He is supposed to argue on behalf of the delusional Adam Smith that throwing people out on the streets is the rational policy to pursue.

I honestly don't see why economics continues to be taught . It is a complete pseudoscientific discipline with no redeeming features that has contributed to a huge number of problems in this world.  It's no better than withcraft, and it's consequences are much more severe

We need people to start speaking out against this discredited "science" before it damages any more lives.

The Human Race will only make progress once economics is no longer subsidised and taught at our prestigious universities, and is only mentioned in history classes as a prime example of a discredited science from the past.

How can you justify an academic discipline that's sole purpose is to act as apologists for an economic system that has failed a significant percentage of the world population and it's inherent weaknesses responsible for the worst financial crisis since the Wall Street Crash? I'm NOT saying that we should only be taught Marxist theory, but there is no balance in economics whatsoever. The subject is completely divorced from reality, and when empirical evidence goes against theories (like, as if if reality doesn't correspond to right wing theory, it's reality that's to blame. No proper science would operate like this.

Whenever scholars from other disciplines try to debunk economic theories, they're called left wing idiots. When other heterodox economists criticise economics, they're called cranks, without any attempt to rationally debate their arguments.   Economists love presenting their work as scientific  however, many of their theories can never ever be reliable tested, because people's "utility" functions simply cannot be measured in any sense

80% of economics these days is empirical.  Economics is a complete pseudoscientific discipline with no redeeming features that has contributed to a huge number of problems in this world.

In science, theories and models are tested against reality. If they are contradicted by confirmed events, theories are either modified or rejected. In the long run there is a winnowing out process which selects one or a few theories as being most probably correct.  In a pseudoscience, no such winnowing out occurs: when confronted with strong evidence against a pseudoscientific theory, either the evidence is dismissed whole sale or reinterpreted to conform to theory. 

Or the theory is reinterpreted to make it consistent with the data. Abandonment of the theory is never even an option. There has been no winnowing out of economic theories. When an "impossible" event occurs the theory is simply tweaked and reinterpreted to conform to the new situation. So we have unstable sky scrapers, too dangerous to live in.
  
Nobody in thier senses will ever say that that economics is even a science in the strictest definition of the term.  Social Sciences in general are not science in it’s strictest sense. To hold economics or political science to the strictest scientific method is impossible..

Production of wealth should NEVER be tied to its distribution. The former is in the field of "applied economics" while the latter belongs to "social economics" and is largely a matter of power and politics.

Even the best economists cannot make exact predictions about future events. What is the current state of economics today?  Contemporary economics appears to rest in a state of polarization between two opposing philosophies: capitalism and neo-Marxism.  Both are flawed.

Economics fails to take into account human nature as the greatest driver of behavior and when it does, it does NOT understand culture and priorities .Human nature is studied in the subfield of behavioral economics, which essentially tries to explain why people are “irrational.” 

Quantitative metrics, such as per-capita income and median income, are flawed, primarily because they can easily be skewed by the higher wealth of small communities where wealth is highly centralized. Qualitative metrics and sociological examination are needed.

PUT ON YOUR HEAD PHONES AND LISTEN TO THE VIDEO BELOW--



How did the crash of 2009 happen?

QUOTE : Before the recession ,  the 2002–2008 period encouraged high-risk lending and borrowing practices; international trade imbalances; real-estate bubbles that have since burst; fiscal policy choices related to government revenues and expenses; and approaches used by nations to bail out troubled banking industries and private bondholders, assuming private debt burdens or socializing losses.

The U.S. Financial Crisis Inquiry Commission reported its findings in January 2011. It concluded that "the crisis was avoidable and was caused by: Widespread failures in financial regulation, including the Federal Reserve’s failure to stem the tide of toxic mortgages; Dramatic breakdowns in corporate governance including too many financial firms acting recklessly and taking on too much risk; An explosive mix of excessive borrowing and risk by households and Wall Street that put the financial system on a collision course with crisis; Key policy makers ill prepared for the crisis, lacking a full understanding of the financial system they oversaw; and systemic breaches in accountability and ethics at all levels.“

Author Upton Sinclair (1878–1968) famously stated: "It is difficult to get a man to understand something when his job depends on not understanding it."

In the years leading up to the crisis, the top four U.S. depository banks moved an estimated $5.2 trillion in assets and liabilities off-balance sheet into these SIV's and conduits. This enabled them to essentially bypass existing regulations regarding minimum capital ratios, thereby increasing leverage and profits during the boom but increasing losses during the crisis. As the shadow banking system expanded to rival or even surpass conventional banking in importance, politicians and government officials should have realized that they were re-creating the kind of financial vulnerability that made the Great Depression possible—and they should have responded by extending regulations and the financial safety net to cover these new institutions.

As long as the damage caused to people, cultures, and ecosystems is not denominated in money, it is in the realm of other, off the balance sheet. The same goes for business accounting, in which costs can only be externalized when the payer is, again, off the balance sheet—an other. To the extent that we identify with our communities, we cannot export costs to them.

By pursuing his own interest he frequently promotes that of the society more effectually than when he really intends to promote it. 


The shadow banking system is the collection of financial entities, infrastructure and practices which support financial transactions that occur beyond the reach of existing state sanctioned monitoring and regulation. It includes entities such as hedge funds, money market funds and structured investment vehicles (SIV). Investment banks may conduct much of their business in the shadow banking system (SBS), but most are not SBS institutions themselves.



The core activities of investment banks are subject to regulation and monitoring by central banks and other government institutions - but it has been common practice for investment banks to conduct many of their transactions in ways that don't show up on their conventional balance sheet accounting and so are not visible to regulators or unsophisticated investors.For example, prior to the financial crisis, investment banks financed mortgages through off-balance sheet securitizations and hedged risk through off-balance sheet credit default swaps.


The volume of transactions in the shadow banking system grew dramatically after the year 2000. By late 2007 the size of the SBS in the U.S. exceeded $10 trillion and by late 2011 had increased to $24 trillion according to the Financial Stability Board. Globally, a study of the 11 largest national shadow banking systems found that they totalled to $50 trillion in 2007, fell to $47 trillion in 2008 but by late 2011 had climbed to $51 trillion, just over its estimated size before the crisis. Overall, the world wide SBS totalled to about $60 trillion as of late 2011.Shadow institutions do not accept deposits like a depository bank and therefore are not subject to the same regulations. Complex legal entities comprising the system include hedge funds, structured investment vehicles (SIV), special purpose entity conduits (SPE), money market funds, repurchase agreement (repo) markets and other non-bank financial institutions.



Shadow banking institutions are typically intermediaries between investors and borrowers. For example, an institutional investor like a pension fund may be willing to lend money, while a corporation may be searching for funds to borrow. The shadow banking institution will channel funds from the investor(s) to the corporation, profiting either from fees or from the difference in interest rates between what it pays the investor(s) and what it receives from the borrower.The shadow banking system makes up 25 to 30 percent of the total financial system, according to the Financial Stability Board (FSB), a regulatory task force for the world's group of top 20 economies .

This largely unregulated sector was worth about $60 trillion in 2010,.Like traditional banks, shadow banks provide credit and liquidity but, unlike their traditional counterparts, they do not have access to central bank funding or safety nets like deposit insurance. Unlike traditional banks, shadow banks do not take deposits. Instead, they rely on short-term funding provided either by asset-backed commercial paper or by the repo market, in which borrowers offer collateral as security against a cash loan and then sell the security to a lender and agree to repurchase it at an agreed time in the future for an agreed price. They are often based in tax havens, invest in long-term loans like mortgages, providing credit across the financial system by matching investors and borrowers individually or by becoming part of a chain involving numerous entities, some of which may be mainstream banks.



As shadow banks do not take deposits, they are subject to less regulation than traditional banks. They can therefore increase the rewards they get from investments by leveraging up much more than their mainstream counterparts and this can lead to risks mounting in the financial system. Unregulated shadow institutions can be used to circumvent the strictly regulated mainstream banking system and therefore avoid rules designed to prevent financial crises.

In January 2012, the global Financial Stability Board announced its intention to further regulate the shadow banking system, in the interests of the real economy.

The full extent of the shadow banking system was not widely recognised until work was published in 2010 by Manmohan Singh and James Aitken of the International Monetary Fund, showing that when the role of rehypothecation was considered, in the U.S. the SBS had grown to over $10 trillion, about twice as much as previous estimates.

This been implicated as significantly contributing to the global financial crisis of 2007–2012.



The rapid increase of the dependency of bank and non-bank financial institutions on the use of these off-balance sheet entities to fund investment strategies had made them critical to the credit markets underpinning the financial system as a whole, despite their existence in the shadows, outside of the regulatory controls governing commercial banking activity. Furthermore, these entities were vulnerable because they borrowed short-term in liquid markets to purchase long-term, illiquid and risky assets. This meant that disruptions in credit markets would make them subject to rapid deleveraging, selling their long-term assets at depressed prices.



Economist Paul Krugman described the run on the shadow banking system as the "core of what happened" to cause the crisis. "As the shadow banking system expanded to rival or even surpass conventional banking in importance, politicians and government officials should have realized that they were re-creating the kind of financial vulnerability that made the Great Depression possible—and they should have responded by extending regulations and the financial safety net to cover these new institutions. Influential figures should have proclaimed a simple rule: anything that does what a bank does, anything that has to be rescued in crises the way banks are, should be regulated like a bank." He referred to this lack of controls as "malign neglect." UNQUOTE



  
Competitive individualism actually destroys societies dependent on team dynamics , as it undermines the moral consensus holding human communities together. Human welfare is best measured by the market-based national product accounts (per capita products)

During the Age of Enlightenment society flourished, propelled by the wonder of new discoveries, radical ideas for economic and social development, and a sense that we all had a responsibility to improve our world.  It's time to get back to those lofty ideals, step back , examine and re-evaluate our values, and work out what humankind really needs.

All perceptive students of economics on this planet --  please start demanding answers from your professors — I am sure you know that you are being taught empirical pseudo-science in college.

If it is blasphemy so be it!  The emperor is naked indeed , and you must expose him !!

We must make a new win-win model ensuring the down trodden are not left behind, with freedom from “risk of going back to slavery” as number one condition.

We must NOT confuse GDP with economic progress.  We are destroying entrepreneurial activity and burning our own babies. 

IN ORDER TO SAVE THE WORLD FOR HUMAN HABITATION, WE MUST STOP TEACHING FLAWED ECONOMICS!

Economic theory abstracts from virtually anything having to do with time.  All of it is a 3D graph—time must be taken into account.  We are NOT intelligent or perceptive to talk in 4D.




But we all know the planet survived very well before Adam Smith and Rothschild's mistress Ayn Rand cooked up super-man John Galt ,right?



Economists must be lateral thinkers!




ATLAS SHRUGGED was written in 1957, by a Jewish Russian American by the name of Ayn Rand ( Alisa Rosenbaum , born 1905 , from St Petersberg ) . She has put herself in the book as Dagney Taggart--the heroine.  

The hero was of course John Galt, who is clearly Phillipe Rothschild. The book glorifies capitalism and the virtues of selfishness-- typical of Zionist bankers and Free Masons. John Galt does not make an appearance in the novel till it is 2/3 over. 



But he gets a great introduction -- rather his reputation precedes him, by the constant corny brain thumpin' refrain " Who is John Galt? "

-- the readers are now in the common quest to discover this answer rivalling the holy grail .

 As the bullshit plot unfolds John Galt is turn out to be a creative inventor, the great all American Jewish capitalist who has all the grey matter and moolah. He and his Jewish industrial leader ilk are supposed to hold the burden of this planet- like how Atlas held up the whole world on his shoulders , as per Greek mythology.




So in 2008-- as per the John Galt blue print -- Jewish Lehman brothers went bankrupt first -- causing the DELIBERATE DOMINO EFFECT.

The whole worlds wealth SELF DESTRUCTED ON COMPUTER and suddenly vanished -- this is the essence of financial engineering --

POOOOOFFF!


Trillions of Dollars were then spent to bail out and prevent the world system from collapsing FURTHER and total fiasco.




This bail out money would be the common poor mans' future tax burden. 

US Federal Reserve which is a private Zionist Jewish organisation ( it is NOT owned by US government ) injected billions of dollars into the American banking system.

Other banks had to follow suit and Wall Street was brought on its knees, Global equities including in India nose dived. 

IMF lead by Rothschild man Kahn and IBRD would make trillions of dollars available to struggling countries, and put them in the vice of debt traps . The Fed gave 2 Trillion dollars in loans to Citigroup , Morgan Stanley etc.




The crash of 2008 had been planned for several years--as a inner Bilderberg club decision. 

It did NOT happen overnight.

A piece of advise for our new patriotic " Economic Warriors" who can make a difference, for Bharat Mata. 

Dwell over it. Make a CHANGE for the better. India is NOT like other downwardly mobile countries, whose looted money is getting over . 

We have a potential--every which way..

As Einstein said, we cant solve our complex problems with the same colonial mindset and thinking that created them.



Making easy money by digging up and shipping it overseas is NOT the economy model we wish for. 




This has been overdone by corrupt politicians who wanted kickback accounts in foreign Swiss banks. 




Before they lose power these politicians will loop it back into India using benami names ( like in IPL cricket league ) via FDI to launder the ill gotten money and convert it into tangible assets.


The need to drive the economy growth must be balanced with the need to care for our down trodden people and the need to protect our environment . The economy is just a  tool we invented for governing the relationship between people, and between people and nature.

We  need to fabricate new economic tools. We need to give incentives for “ reuse and recycle”.

India’s prosperity depends upon our collective wisdom, our health,  our creativity and on a healthy environment.

GDP just measures what we make and consume, not who we are  (our human and social capital) or where we live (our natural capital).  It totally disregards the ever widening chasm between haves and have nots. Let some have nots be invited on our foreign funded TV , instead of Lord Meghnath Desai prototypes.

Adam Smith driven economists love a catastrophe in our country. They generate economic activity, regardless of the human cost, right?.

GDP is useful for its purpose – for predicting tax revenues , for example – but it cannot be seen as the bench mark , of our progress as a nation and our entrepreneur drive .

The GNP does not allow for the health of our children, the quality of their education, or our patriotism to our beloved country, which broke the chains of 800 years of slavery, just 65 years ago.  We need a driver in the drivers seat with 100% Indian DNA—and not an Italian waitress.



GNP measures everything , except that which makes life worthwhile in India. And we have simple tastes and we are a happy family .

Productivity is a word that suffers terrible abuse at the hands of Adam Smith driven business lobbyists . 



Above picture shows LOBBYING with ruling party ministers---- as per their own disclosure statement in USA,  Walmart has have paid 53 crores in the last 2 years, in India ( so little? )

There must be some dang  evidence that allowing workers to be treated more harshly and unfairly does anything to improve society.

Productivity gains are best found through investing in the future of Indian economy – through constant prioritization of needs, education,  R&D, health and better management of our bountiful resource .

Healthier people are more productive workers, with fewer sick days. A better educated population is a more productive population. Clearly we need to get our priorities straight.

Why do we give billions to multi-national corporations like Vedanta and not more assistance to cottage industaries and pop and mon small businesses?

The West has gone back to clean rivers , blue skies and green fields. We must protect our environment also helps people, creates jobs and helps the economy.

We must not allow desh drohi politicians and money bags, to pander to evil companies like Monsanto, who will bury our food security. No food for 1.3 billion people means civil war, and this is what the jealous West wants. 


Monsanto came to India for selling genetically engineered seeds by bribing Indian politicians. Sonia Gandhi favours Monsanto. Once you get into the pay roll of Monsanto there is NO way out.  It is just like doing a favour for any drug cartel .  Once IN there is no way OUT. 

Thanks to Monsanto the bee population on this planet has declined. This is dangerous as bees are essential for pollination. Nil bees and the planet will die in less than a decade. When bees are affected by pesticides they inbuilt radars get shut down, and they get lost. 

This evil monster has taken away the age old farmers right to use their own grown seeds .  We have to buy seeds from Monsanto , as Monsanto GM seeds  are terminator seeds or sterile seeds. And like how Bill Gates changes the Windows version , Monsanto also started their Version 1 , Version 2.2 seeds--or-- second / third generation seeds.  So the farmers had to borrow money from money lenders, and get themselves into a debt trap, with declining yield crops.



Contrary to Monsanto claims genetically engineered seeds does NOT increase the yield. The Monsanto method has given birth to Super Weeds and Super Pests, as they become resilient. Ground water is now polluted as more deadly pesticides have to be used in greater doses. 

Honestly Indians are being used as guinea pigs , all under the blessings of our politicians and foreign funded double agent NGOs--who have Swiss bank accounts. By the way Swiss banks are owned by Rothschild.  

Today if you visit hospitals in India the kidney and liver sections are full . Our old people get Alzhiemers which was never heard of in India thanks to GM seeds. Whom do we need to thank?

US President Obama has filled up all important posts with Monsanto stooges-- Roger Beachy, former director of the Monsanto Danforth Center, Michael Taylor, former vice-president for public policy for Monsanto, Tom Vilsack., Hillary Clinton, Islam Siddiqui, , Ramona Romero, Rajiv Shah, Elena Kagan . His biggest financiers Bill Gates and George Soros are major Monsanto share holders

Russia has just stopped all consumption of Monsanto corn , as a French lab published that lab rats which ate it developed tumors and died prematurely.



We can make this vision a reality, but only if we recognise that the economy needs to serve the needs of people and nature, not the other way around.




Let me end with a true anecdote to cheer you up!

Farmers belonging to the Christian community in Kerala, are educated and highly aware . All of them now oppose FDI in retail, courtesy Cacafonika nay Sagarika Ghose’s CNN-IBN ( wife of Rajdeep Sardesai ) pea-brained tweets. 

“Holy mother of Jesus Christ! She greeted us on Good Friday and asked for Easter eggs, son!  So when such a person talks about FDI as though it’s the panacea for all of world’s problems, we know this is Jesus’ way of guiding us in the right path—HALLELUJAH ,” reasoned Thomas Verghese, a vegetable vendor from Alleppey, and solemnly crossed himself.   

Sagarika Ghose  tried to finger Mamata Bannerjee --who is India's No1 politician, when it comes to honesty and being PRO- downtrodden--and she got flak on her face.

CNN-IBN ( and NDTV ) is pro-Sonia and pro-Walmart!!



TEEEE  HEEEEEE !!!!!


Japan's false GDP was inflated by banks on an over lending spree. GDP by itself is never  a good indicator of economic health , as it does NOT take into account small entrepreneurship, as in India .

The Purchasing Managers’ Index (PMI) trend indicated by production levels, new orders, supplier deliveries, inventories and employment level-- with each indicator having a separate "India unique weightage facor " is a good indicator.



The tonnes of diesel consumed , number of ships and of what type ( export/ import/ cargo type ) in port , amount of loans applied for by businesses , electricity consumption , railway cargo volume - are all indicators.

PMI number should NOT be based on large corporations like Reliance, Tata etc, but it must take into account small and medium sized enterprises (SME), which is more indicative—for a complex country like India.  Poor SME health ( be aware of trend) of less than 35 out of 100, will indicate that the overall state of the Indian economy is in a bad state..

Let be explain INDIA UNIQUE WEIGHTAGE FACTOR-- 


When my ship was discharging Clay Slurry at Vancouver Nanaimo island, a Norwegian Supercargo came on board.  We had to prepare to load MEG FG for UCC with chlorides less than 0.29 ppm. My Chief officer remarked. This Super cargo is very resourceful, considering how well he managed things ashore.  So I told him " His next assignment is in Chittagong. I will bet my bottom dollar, that he wont go there, and pretend that he is sick" . 

And I was right, as proved later. 

Get the drift of what is Bangladesh specific and Canada specific? 

Economics is the only educational field where students become more evil as they progress. Capitalist economists in capitalist countries are paid precisely in order to support the rich.

Models based on " flawed assumptions" about such things as unemployment, inflation, etc., are programmed into a computer and then the ill programmed computers spit out thier conditioned responses.


There will be no corporate jobs for those who call into doubt the rationality of the existing flawed capitalist system.

Economics students in college are taught  the "works of the giants in their field" like Adam Smith, David Ricardo, Alfred Marshall, and John Maynard Keynes—all men with ulterior motives and an agenda.

We churn out new generations of economic charlatans, under the guise of "science" . These charlatans will peddle their bourgeois nostrums to corporate power in the hope of getting good jobs and big bucks.

I do NOT believe that all of them are daft. 

They are just selfish, and they do NOT have a conscience. These evil men and women are driving the world as we know it ineluctably towards destruction. 

I have not touched the evil field of “stock market playing field tilting” and “market manipulation”, “insider trading” and, “ inflate and deflate tactics” to favour a greedy handful of the  wealthy and powerful . 



They do all this on computer with impunity, using brokers.  Stocks rise in the morning, the powerful, fed with “inside undisclosed information” sell and share prices get deflated by the end of the day.


How do hedge fund industry movers and shakers justify such incredible windfalls?   Because they bring such incredible smarts to the table—with their empirical statistical models to weave magic , which nobody else can comprehend?

Why does the hedge industry operate behind closed doors?  Can anybody just walk off the street into a stockbroker’s office and invest in a hedge fund?  Why do the Hedge funds face precious zilch regulation? 



Oh, I got it --them deep-pocketed investors have the sophistication to protect their own interests, right?.
Regulatory hands-off means hedge fund managers nay scamsters are totally free to invest anyway and in anything they want. 

They can buy new-fangled speculative assets they think will soar in value. They can also “hedge” their bets, by laying down financial wagers that a particular asset’s value is going to sag.

For all this investing and hedging, hedge fund managers demand majestic levels of compensation.

And when s#it hits ZE fan, there is always that —"hey Ma , I still have mE stimulus package"— bail out , right?




Where else can you have billions of dollars in wealth disappearing into thin air, just by tweaking a formula in a computer?

ANOTHER THING --





I have been at sea for the past 4 decades – and this is my observation. 

There was no discernible rise in aggregate global temperatures or sea levels for the past 4 decades.

Green house gases causing Global Warming is a BIG LIE,  so that rich countries without natural resources can get richer .

The global warming computer modeling  – propagated by Rothschild and his stooges—is worse that their Adam Smith Economic Theory.

Third world and under developed countries must stop paying “carbon tax”.

Stop the global warming nonsense being taught to innocent school children.(  Darwins theory is still being taught in this age of DNA , what a disgrace )

This must be done immediately!

Punch Into Google search-- THE LIE OF GREENHOUSE GASES CAUSING GLOBAL WARMING  VADAKAYIL

ADAM SMITH MAY BE PERCEPTIVE --  BUT -- THERE ARE PEOPLE WITH GREATER CONSCIENCE WHO ARE MORE PERCEPTIVE THAN HIM.



Energy occurs in many forms, including chemical energy, thermal energy, electromagnetic radiation, gravitational energy, electric energy, elastic energy, nuclear energy, rest energy. These can be categorized in two main classes: potential energy and kinetic energy. Rothschild had shoved in money into this model— where potential energy added to kinetic energy remains a constant. They do it in a capacitance, conductance and inductance model.  Only morons will NOT release that money is handled by fallible human beings who can be manipulated—and some humans have less potential than others.


How many of you knew that Marx ( blood relative of R0thschild ), Lenin, Stalin, Trotsky etc are all Jews. 

Communism is nothing but state capitalism, and this is why it is not free from the defects of capitalism. 

In state capitalism industries are centralized. Capitalism and communism are essentially the same internally, to an intelligent man.

For several years now, Indian economy has displayed its independence, has been growing stronger and is indifferent to fluctuations of other economies. 

It does NOT get shaken and stirred by fluctuations in the U.S. and EU markets.



Adam Smith made a couple of observations – that the butcher, the baker and the brewer do not supply meat, bread and wine for satisfying the ‘consumer’ but for serving their own self-interest in the form of ‘making a living’.  Every idiot knew this , he did NOT run to the Rothschild monopolized media to print this out.

Adam Smith also identified the principles of supply and demand. Every idiot knew this too. The idiots knew further—that after eating 2 tasty biriyanis, his HUMAN PSYCHE does not allow him to eat a third one, without allowing a TIME FACTOR in between.

This is where and when Adam Smith should have been discarded into the garbage bin.



Bottom of the barrel modern economists rarely have mathematical brains.  It is NO wonder that their unreal and daft mathematical equations failed.

In 2008 we had a great humpty dumpty fall .  How many of these “baffle with bullshit” modern economists saw it coming?



Mediocre economic students are arm twisted into studying a ridiculous abstract model saturated with overly mathematical theories of economics. They do NOT understand that this model must apply to the psychology mankind.  Even ecology should have been  factored in.   

Can what is good for “unlimited potential” India be the same as what is good for Saudi Arabia?  Can a stork sip water from a flat plate or a fox from a narrow necked jar?.

None of these economic students had the grey matter to ask , if  economics can indeed be blindly interpreted in an unreal abstract manner ( like Picasso’s nonsense ) through numbers and equations without any background in the real social sciences or any consideration of the ‘human subject’ central to it all.

Margaret Thatcher was steeped in firm belief (of the Chicago School ) that mass privatisation was the cure to society’s ailments – meaning a more hardened, unleashed, unregulated and profit-determined capitalism was the way forward. 

Of course she had her financial advisor Victor Rothschild to tell her all this, for this shop keeper’s daughter just did NOT have the grey matter.  She treated unemployment as a mere statistic, something to be negotiated not in terms of the suffering of those John Bulls unemployed but in terms of freeing her government of responsibility.  



Did not Margret Thatcher lisp pseudo individualism though her ill fitting dentures  “there is no society, only individuals and families” and keep capitalism alive through crisis after crisis, generating mass wealth for the top 1 percent.  Her concept of  society was based on Freemason Charles Darwin’s psychology of ‘the survival of the fittest’.

Modern Economics is an empirical pseudo-science which exists solely to support and propagate a social order in which the top few  have mind boggling wealth,  the rest of the masses exist in poverty, and corporations enjoy unfettered power. This new social order is called neoliberalism. 

Ever understood the pyramid schemes like Amway where the top apex rakes in all the moolah while sitting still on their gargantuan backsides, while the slave drones at the base of the pyramid drown in their own blood and sweat?.



Business schools brainwash their students with absurd mathematical fictions, stolen without comprehension from 19th century classical physics, in which "free" markets operate as perfect timeless machines which maximize everyone's happiness.  Even today they continue to tell these immoral stories in the face of overwhelming scientific evidence that they are false because doing otherwise would require economists to grapple with power, emotion, and the frailties of humanity.

Even the great fall of 2008 did NOT spur these economists to do self gynecology ( they will never accept an outside opinion like mine ) .  

They will NOT allow anybody to interfere with their divine ( cocaine charged ) policies and assumptions of natural equilibrium, market efficiency and statistical predictability. 

They will NOT agree that this world is too complex and uncertain to be analyzed with models that assume a natural equilibrium of a future that is predictable, at least in a probabilistic sense.  

They will NOT agree that even competitive and perfect markets can make disastrous mistakes, as emotion controlled humans (  not pre-programmed robots ) call the shots.  

They will NOT agree that a world economy that is highly unpredictable must be managed with fairy broad and flexible tolerance ranges for indicators such as inflation, government borrowing or unemployment, instead of the precise inflation targets of the pre-crisis period.  



They will NOT agree that rigid rules devised many years ago are totally irrelevant.

Is there any need for perfect mathematical solutions?  Is anything wrong in flexible nay solutions where an imperfect human is factored in.  Confucious would have spake- “Every problem has multiple solutions and that each solution will lead to new problems down the road”.

The truth is that there is NO global economy.  All  economics, like all real estate for, example, is LOCAL. History proves capitalism which maintain central banks who create money out of thin air, is NOT self-correcting.  These central banks completely ignore the impact of bank lending—no wonder they are unable to ward off the effects of  financial crisis.  

The models used by economists and central bankers  do not reflect the increasing complexity and interconnectedness of the global financial industry.  82% of the entire global corporate world is controlled by less than 100 companies.  And the vast majority of these cartel controlled financial institutions that have become so highly interconnected that a seemingly isolated problem in one institution can quickly spread to infect the whole system. 

When the human body develops gangrene , the bad affected part must be amputated, so that the whole body is NOT infected .


  
Rothschild's Indian agent ( his wife is Rothschild ) Amartya Sen is the Mother Teresa of the Banksters.  Both Vatican poster girl Teresa and Bankster are criminal words. 

 

Some of you may want to know further about EVIL Mother Teresa.  Come back later and punch into Google search - DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL TERESA VADAKAYIL

When an economist cannot understand what is happening and is asked simple questions on TV he will start using complicated words ( baffle with bullshit method )  like “dynamic stochastic general equilibrium”, to show that he knows more than the public.

They keep making zany assumptions in percentages based on scanty or NIL  information. Next time check out the dogma of Montek Singh Ahluwalia and our PM Manmohan Singh .

This is the same type of dogma our own yuv-raj , the quintessential akkal ka dushman ( enemy of  perception ) dishes out to village kids — he will never engage in a debate on live TV . . After all, the more dogmatic the policymaker the more likely he will be overconfident and allow simple policy errors to become enormous and costly policy errors. 



The economists with the highest public profiles are invariably those economists ( like Montek Singh Ahluwalia ) that are the most dogmatic. Probably all these economists must be wired to a lie detection system when they come on TV.

There must be a law to punish such people who fool the masses deliberately with assumption made to suit their method of useless thinking. These are policymakers who have fallen victim to the fallacy of treating an abstraction ( the model of the economy) as if it were the real thing.

With macroeconomics — the study of the economy as a whole — you can’t put countries and entire economies in a lab. All you can do is to it there and watch history go by, and try to deduce some patterns, which vanish like smoke wisps as soon as you think that you’ve found one. 

After all Economics is a pseudo-science which is made to look like real science with math, and graphics by banksters and bankster monopolized media and  peer-review journals. The Rothschild cartel stooges,  the economists like Amartya Sen , are mere propagandists.

Money is simple.  Psychopath bankers have made it complicated because it benefits them dis-proportionately to their contribution to society, to keep the crafty system in place.

The world’s Banking Cartel is equivalent of the corrupt and immoral Vatican of the middle ages which had to be fought and reined in by the protestants and others.  The Church of the middle ages was just as powerful as the modern international bankers  are today.


The evil church’s power was broken because of the  printing press invented by Johannes Gensfleisch  Gutenberg . People started reading and interpreting the bible themselves instead of relying on the priests. 

Likewise the information superhighway provided by the large hearted internet is our new Gutenberg, to bring the evil economist cartel to their knees. The cartel is unable to control the information flow on the net ( like this post ) and is screwed , and knows it too.

The business schools create brainwashed economists. These are charlatans and propagandists giving pseudo-intellectual cover to the looting and general criminality perpetrated by the 1% against the rest of us. They have to toe the line or they wont pass their exams or get employed. Committed charlatans to the top 1% are given scholarships to US universities and given falthu "best economist "awards .

The very fact that our own PM Manmohan Singh inaugurated Amway in India shows who he is.

Punch into Google search-

AMWAY  MERCHANTS OF PIPE DREAMS  VADAKAYIL

Jew John Maynard Keynes's Civil Service career began in October 1906,  in the Rothschild’s India Office.   The India Office was a British government department created by Rothschild one year after he took over British Raj in India officially in 1858 to oversee the administration, through a Viceroy.


We have Rothschild Stooges like Manmohan Singh sucking up to Keyes brand of Economics -- reflecting "His Master's voice".  

Our Prime Minister Manmohan Singh spoke in favour of “Keynesian fiscal stimuli” ( BLAH BLAH )  at the 2008 G-20 Washington summit on Financial Markets and the World Economy, Nov 14–15, 2008, in Washington, D.C.   

So pretty soon we have a  rapid shift of opinion took place among many prominent economists in favour of Keynesian stimulus, and, policy makers began announcing major stimulus packages, in hopes of heading off the possibility of a global depression.  

These morons think that Manmohan Singh is Mensa intelligent. Only we Indians know what he is worth.



‘Keynesian economics rests fundamentally on the proposition that macroeconomics isn't a morality play – that depressions are essentially a technical malfunction.

As the Great Depression deepened, Keynes famously declared that "we have magneto trouble" – i.e., the economy's troubles were like those of a car with a small but critical problem in its electrical system, and the job of the economist is to figure out how to repair that technical problem.’

It requires a real stupid brain to perceive that an economy can be compared with a machine, when you could tweak things with a pipe wrench.

Unlike a machine, an economy was neither designed by anyone nor built in a factory.  There are no plans...no owner's manual...no guide to troubleshooting problems...and no website where owners go to talk about the problems they've had and the tricks they've used to fix them.



First, an economy is a ‘complex adaptive system.’  It has lots of moving parts, in other words, and each of these parts has information and desires of its own.

The parts have desires of their own. You build a machine to accomplish the desires of the designer. An economy, on the other hand, is merely a way for the constituent parts to achieve their own ends.
The production of wealth should not be tied to its distribution.  The former is in the field of "applied economics" while the latter belongs to "social economics" and is largely a matter of power and politics.

Assumptions must NOT be made on scanty information. This is how you get financial market depressions.  The field of information economics includes both mathematical-economical research and also behavioral economics, akin to studies in behavioral psychology.

An economy is not some independent physical process like plate tectonics. It is a collaborative human enterprise. BRICS is now all set to upset the immoral applecart of the Rothschild banking cartel by introducing a new central bank. 

Since the economy serves a social function, it can not be separated from politics and social engineering . The early economic thinkers knew this and wrote in terms of political economy. Somewhere in the 19th century this concept was lost and immoral economics as propaganda was born.  

Mythological beasts known as “free markets” appeared. Common sense tells us that free markets have never existed, that it has always been a question of who controls them for whose benefit.



The result of all these vulgar lies and confabulations is that society’s purposes, its goods, are replaced by the few greedy banksters who use the political process to steal and concentrate the wealth of the many into their hands.  

Because economic processes are agentless and independent, they can claim that their wealth is just a natural outcome of these processes. In other words, they stole nothing and all their lootings are legitimate. 


Furthermore, any attempt to redistribute their wealth, society’s resources, back to the many would be the real theft. The people who speak about this theft are jailed or eliminated or raided and decimated by the IRS. Economics is not a set of laws but a set of power relations. 

 An economist is an pseudo expert who claims to know tomorrow by the things he predicted yesterday didn’t happen today. He is dangerously close to asking the public to treat economics as a religion.  

These immoral economists have built themselves into powerful policymakers and advisers, precisely because they argue that economics is as reliable and predictive a science as physics or chemistry.

Stop printing and broadcasting the opinions of economists so frequently.  Every time a Rothschild controlled rating agency like Fitch or Moody’s or S&P lowers India’s rating don’t behave as if you balls have been electrocuted.  



This is the way the waitress turned empress ushered in FDI in multi-brand retail into India, right?  These people whom  we drove away in 1947 after 800 years of slavery have been given a toe hold all over again.

Insist that all predictions and pronouncements from economists include a full disclosure of the assumptions and limitations of the models used.

It is high time we shortened the leash on the nostrils of these  ninnies, and  have them up on a single toe.We must restrain these people from making a fetish out of mathematics . These pea brained people were never good at Math in high school, and hence chose the bottom of the barrel Economics subject as their career,  rather than Electronics or Computer Science which requires grey matter.

Today’s so called economists are the modern equivalent of medieval churchmen in robes trying to confound and baffle the world by shoving in high school calculus in between the Bible verses.

REMOVE ECONOMISTS LIKE AMARTYA SEN FROM POLICY MAKING BODIES.

Debts that cannot be repaid will not be repaid.  The debt held by the US public was approximately 12.01 trillion USD or about 75% of US GDP.  Intragovernmental holdings stood at 5.02 trillion USD , giving a combined total public debt of 17 trillion USD .   5.6 trillion USD or approximately 47% of the debt held by the US public was owned by foreign investors, the largest of which were the People's Republic of China and Japan at just over 1.1 trillion USD each.


If a mischief maker uses his “paid up media” and spreads the rumors of the  company's  ( or country’s ) bankruptcy,  within no time the investors will withdraw ALL their investments from that company's share and the price of the share will fall down drastically. 

Those who want to know more about human emotion , punch into Google search-

DOMINO EFFECT IN CHANGE MANAGEMENT  VADAKAYIL



Above: If a pig's squeal is NOT sweet music to your ears, it is better off dead.
TERRAIN MUST PREVAIL OVER 
MAP, ALWAYS - VADAKAYIL




Above: Map over terrain?


All policy making economists must be made to take a  “Hippocratic Oath”,  stating that any policy advice will be first weighed to do no (or minimal) harm to the public good.


A computer does NOT have a conscience. This is why Modern Economics which is hijacked by empirical formulas or Quadratic Equations , which can be tweaked to suit a selfish soul less Central banker, has wreaked terrible damage to society.

Every human being on this planet has natural rights . he has a right to food, water and shelter.. Anyone who attempts to snatch away these basic sovereign essentials is a vulgar villain and must be treated as such.

The defining principal of economic governance, should be a fair deal and a fair equity for all. 



Modern Economics has failed miserably . The rich and greedy of the Bilderberg Club have used their clout  to dictate the rules of economic theory and further their self interest…

Central banks now dictate terms to large developing nations .  Or they will be  bled dry by carte blanche banking practices.  India has to accept Rothschild’s demand that their stooge Manmohan Singh will be mane finance minister by giving him a back door Rajya Sabha ( House of Lords) entry from a remote Assam state. 

Slavery is being  permitted in the name of economic growth and profit.  We've all contributed to allowing Rothschild’s economic system to enslave our lives.

This modern cryptofascist plutocracy has refined human exploitation to a high degree.  Politics first,  its handmaiden/method of enslavement - economics, second.  The knife that cuts cannot cut itself.

Economics is the only “science” where 100%  wrong theories has persisted for  generations.   Why is the intelligentsia of this planet NOT confronting these fake economists who perversely insist that the Adam Smith theory is still valid in contradiction to the evidence. 

Is this mental insanity? 

Why does it take a ship’s captain to pour his thoughts in his blog post, hoping against hope that some reality will creep in?.

Modern  economics has failed to predict the 2008 financial crisis. After 5 years of analyzing the crisis there are still NO answers totally discrediting all these self conferred kingpins of economics—like our Manmohan Singh and Montek Singh Ahluwalia .  



History holds no lessons for our turbaned "snap shot" expert duo.  

They talk about economics as a homogeneous field in which “free market” “rational expectations” holds water.  .Their field of economics is strewn with bullsh#t theories, many of which are not based on rationality assumptions or completeness in markets.

 Some times they come on TV and start taking questions— and they confidently give  religious cult type gibberish –nay- zombie nonsense like dorks . They talk in such a deliberate foggy manner  to induce cerebral numbness and a blank, all accepting stare.   

I wonder if they would do the same thing if hooked on to a lie detector.   Economics is a handmaiden employed to perpetuate the Banking Cartel privilege, an evil institutionalised system of enslavement of the many by the few.

It is truly ridiculous that people still accept that Rothschild’s  Central Bank can be directed by the government. .  

Choo Chweet --  giving control of our money away to Banks exclusively doing business and profiteering, by lending it back to us?



Is it not obvious to even a dumbo , that  those banksters who lived on the return on lending has an interest to deceive  the public using all vulgar and immoral tricks at their disposal and also to  to have governments ( on their payroll)  intervene in the market in their favour.

A fair model of economics in consonance with principle of natural justice is the need of the hour..  Fake and fraudulent economics must NOT be allowed rules over humanity.  


As a civilised society we can demonstrate awareness by not fawning over the fake conservatives enamoured with the now dead theories.  


Check out this bullsh#t-

GDP is an empty abstraction devoid of any link to the real world, and, therefore, has little or no value in economic analysis.

GDP = private consumption + gross investment + government spending + (exports − imports), or
GDP = C + I + G +  ( X - M )

Above is bullsh#t of the highest order , dressed up in fancy mathematics to look like science.



They add up all the transactions in the economy, whether they represent benefits or costs, call the total the Gross Domestic Product and refer to it as “the economy”.

The GDP framework cannot tell us whether final goods and services that were produced during a particular period of time are a reflection of real wealth expansion, or a reflection of capital consumption. 



For instance, if a government embarks on the building of a Mayawati’s self statues, which adds absolutely nothing to the well-being of individuals, the GDP framework will regard this as economic growth.   In reality, however, the building of these ugly statues will divert real funding from wealth-generating activities, thereby stifling the production of wealth.


Modern economics uses the trappings of science, like dense mathematics, but only to baffle with bull.  Modern capitalist economics cannot predict the future, as the global financial crisis showed.
Economics has become a kind of religion, belief in which is necessary unless one be cast out as a pariah or a heretic.  

Big business magazine Forbes loudly demanded that the new socialist city councillor in Seattle, Kshama Sawant, be banned from teaching economics – a subject in which she has a PhD – because she doesn’t believe in the Rothschild capitalist version. 

You have to parrot what the Rothschild remote controlled and brainwashed teachers have taught you in business schools, to survive.  Science can prove itself in practice and has nothing to fear from opposing views –  while pseudoscience can only rely on immoral force and vulgar rhetoric.

The oligarchs use pseudo-philosophies like Ayn Rand’s Objectivism, and other non-rational ways to convince themselves that they “deserve” their privilege and power.  

Economics is and never will be a science in the same sense as a hard science.   Economics isn't a physical science and can't pretend to contain processes that are governed by laws; not even by theorems.
e more complicated to overcome some obvious failings to explain human behavior.  The theories are expanded and made more complex in an dazzling attempt to include more realism.

Is is no wonder that these mindless theories eventually become so complex and restrictive that they become more interesting to economists to show how smart they are, but less useful to the world at large.



Without measurement and quantifiable assessment, economics becomes just political economy; linked to politics and power, and using words such as "should" and "ought" and "perhaps" and “I believe”.    


Economic models are not applicable across all times and situations.   MS DOS computers do not work in the era of Windows 8 .  A model might “work” in one era and in a very specific set of circumstances, but fail in another era or in a similar set of circumstances.  

Economics must hedge in culture.  Culture is not a static set of objects, it is a constantly shifting interplay of feedback loops.

Macroeconomics is the study of the overall flow of wealth in the economy at large. 

Microeconomics studies the individual actions within an economy.  

So far so good.

The near-universal use of Gross Domestic Product as a measure of economic success, and by implication of quality of life, does not even qualify as basic accounting.  This is because the GDP measures “activity” involving money, but makes no distinction between useful, useless and harmful activity: the cost of cleaning up pollution is added to the GDP. 

This would be like a shop keeper entering all his transactions (income and costs alike) in the credit column of his ledger, adding them up, and claiming his business is booming.  

So a tree fell on the roof of your house splitting it and also broke your effin' leg.   And you are doing well as per your accounts ledger , right?

What is needed of course is a balance sheet.  It would also be helpful to separate economic, social and environmental factors.  All of these things are available, but they languish because politicians ( like our Rothschild economist Manmohan Singh ) love the GDP and love to mouth percentages to look wise.  

Mainstream economists fail,  collectively, to point out the falsity of using GDP as a measure of welfare— for if you do as business college , you will NOT pass..

Mainstream economics is incomplete, grossly misleading and destructive.  It reflects the gross ignorance and long-term intellectual isolation nay bankruptcy of its practitioners.  It uses a lot of fancy mathematics only to baffle.  All this complex math  can’t disguise the fact that mainstream economics is not science – it is pseudo-science.

When GDP is divided among a population, it gives a average value for every person. But within a population, it is common to some have people with higher wealth and welfare and some people with lower welfare. 



By showing an average value for each person, it may be over-valueing or under-valueing an individuals welfare.  People can just change their minds and behave completely differently. 

Wise people will NOT view  GDP as a measure of the welfare of citizens Economics was like psychology, a pseudoscience trying to hide that fact with intense theoretical hyper elaboration.  

And gross domestic product was one of those unfortunate measurement concepts, like Freemason Charles Darwin’s evolution theory (ridiculously based on his goodie bag of dried up finches) in this modern age of DNA, that ought to have been retired long before.  

No economist has the guts to say that the Emperor is NOT wearing clothes, it just shows the quality of their moral fibre.



These are concepts and phrases popular with crooked politicians because that uncertainty gives them power over the ignorant, the uncaring, the desperate and the leaderless. 

It is difficult to wake up an economist who is pretending to sleep. He has to be kicked awake on a spot where it hurts real bad.

Below video: What is GDP worth ?





So here we go with rocking horse shit--



Microeconomics :--. the study of small things such as how firms and households operate, the behavior of individuals and firms in making decisions regarding the allocation of limited resources-- applies to markets where goods or services are bought and sold.



Macroeconomics:-  the study of things such as inflation, monetary policy, and international trade,  the performance, structure, behavior, and decision-making of an economy as a whole, rather than individual markets—applies to national, regional, and global economies.



Econometrics :  the study of e estimates that may be made when applying statistical methods to social data,  application of mathematics, statistical methods, and computer science, to economic data and is described as the branch of economics that aims to give empirical content to economic relations.















BLAH  BLAH   BLAH !


Nowadays I get mE kicks by listening to pea brained economists after a market crash.



GDP purports to measure economic activity while largely divorcing itself from the quality, profitability, depth, breadth, improvement, advancement, and rationalization of goods and services provided.

If you build a 1000 fishing trawlers who have NOT caught a single fish for 5 years ( due to an inherent problem ) it nevertheless contributed to GDP.

If GDP purports to measure economic activity which benefits society, the inclusion of government expenditures is dubious.

GDP is Designed to Advance the Keynesian Agenda. The welfare of a nation can scarcely be inferred from a measure of national income.  Yet the blind usage of GDP persists. That its permanence and persistence only serves the Keynesian policies of greater consumer spending, increased government expenditures, and larger exports through currency debasement should not be considered coincidental.

Unfortunately, the resulting economic stagnation, debt accumulation, and price inflation are as inevitable as they are predictable.

GDP is the market value of all final goods and services in a given year. As such, it is only an accounting identity reflecting the quantity of money in the economy.

Transactions reflecting both wealth creation and also economically destructive state spending are included in GDP without differentiation.


GDP has nothing to do with economic progress. It is a flawed statistic that imperfectly summarises the money-value of selected transactions over a given period.

"The economist specialist is, in the truest sense, an idiot—nay – an asshole ".—Capt Ajit Vadakayil   


       Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 3, 2015 at 12:08 AM

http://ajitvadakayil.blogspot.in/2012/09/modern-economics-empirical-vulgar_2219.html

I NEED TO MAKE AN ADDENDA TO THE POST WHICH I WROTE MORE THAN 3 YEARS AGO.

Recently Indian changes the method of our GDP calculations ( long over due ) which made all Zionist Western nations frown.

This does NOT bother us. We have stoped caring for western reactions -- we are good enough o manage our own affairs.

But hey, our Rothschild man , the ex-chief economist of IMF Raghuram Rajan got upset . And so our chief economic adviser to the finance ministry Arvind Subramanian.

Whose side are they on?

Indian GDP calculations need to be modified again , to suit true state of affairs.

Our GDP has long been undervalues deliberately by Rothschild stooge Indians.

At the same time they did NOT fry foul when the western Zionist nations cooked up an inflated GDP and rating agencies gave them a good percentage--out of tune with reality.

IN INDIAN ECONOMY THE DOG WAGS THE TAILS.

IN ZIONIST WESTERN NATIONS, ALL OF WHOM HAVE RUN UP A HUGE EXTERNAL DEBT WHICH CAN NEVER EVER BE RAPID WITHOUT WW3, THE TAIL WAG THE DOG.

WHAT ARE ALL OUR IIM AND IIB INDIAN STUDENTS WORTH ? ARE THEY ALL FUCKIN' STUPID?

In 2014, the Italian government’s National Institute of Statistics was awarded the Ig Nobel prize in economics, for “proudly taking the lead in fulfilling the European Union mandate for each country to increase the official size of its national economy by including revenues from prostitution, illegal drug sales, smuggling, and all other unlawful financial transactions between willing participants.”

HULLOOOO- How do the GDP calculations allow for “black economy” transactions such as drug dealing or prostitution?
.
YET IN INDIA A FATHER CANNOT TEACH HIS SON A BIT OF WEAVING —THESE SKILLS TAKE A LONG TIME TO PASS ON .. IF NOT DONE AT THE RIGHT AGE THIS SKILL PASSED ON FOR THOUSANDS OF YEARS DIE.

For long the Zionist Jew west has tried to brand our family based ultra skilled cottage industries as bonded slave child labour generating GDP .

The desh drohi foreign DNA Indian leaders played along.

They Zionist Jews sponsored people like Kailash Satyarti to kill our family based untra skilled cottage industries using his Zionist funded Goodweave/ Rugmark NGOs. For doing a good job, they gave him Nobel peace prize.

We do NOT want Zionist Jews to save Indian children. Their parents know how to save them

In India we have lakhs of amazing UNTRA SKILLED cottage industries who are NOT in the tax bracket OR covered by the stock market.

INDIA MUST TWEAK ITS UNDERVALUED GDP CALCULATION METHOD A THIRD TIME.

India’s GDP which is undervalued must reflect our cottage industry production and our huge potential.

The western standard of living and their decadent way of life has nothing to do with India.

AND HULLLLLOOOOO —WE DO NOT WANT AMARTYA SEN TO SAVE INDIA. HE CAN SAVE HIS ROTHSCHILD WIFEs FAMILY.

How much does a Yank family save at the end of the month, as a percentage of his income? How much does an Indian family save ?

If GDP purports to measure economic activity which benefits society, the inclusion of government expenditures is dubious.—to maintain prisons, to prevent crime, to sustain wars ( in foreign nations to establish puppet crypto Jew rulers) , to clean up pollution etc

A country like USA is 18.6 trillion USD in external debt yet, the money spent is repaying / servicing this debt this is not reflected in a decreased GDP. Every Zionist white nation has run up a huge debt and their GDP is a fake inflated figure.

CONTINUED TO 2-
ReplyDelete

Replies


Capt. Ajit VadakayilNovember 3, 2015 at 12:09 AM
CONTINUED FROM 1-

GDP only includes positive values: if something is destroyed by war, then rebuilt by a private company, GDP goes up while economic well-being is unchanged or even became worse.

War is a racket. It always has been. It is possibly the oldest, easily the most profitable, surely the most vicious

Recessions are almost impossible as long as a country is engaged on protracted war.

In Zionist western nations with HUGE and UNPAYABLE debt , like I said, the tail wags the dog. We Indians are NOT stupid, NOT to figure out their GDP is a cult thingy

An Indian washes his own windows and GDP is unaffected; the white man in a high rise employ a window cleaner and output is boosted . He trashes his car on the highway and the costs of repairing it add to GDP. The production of cigarettes that cause lung cancer and handguns that are used in murders are also counted as a positive in GDP terms.

The flawed GDP measure method has created a society obsessed with mindless consumerism, in which the focus on growth has obscured the damage done to natural resources.

In India women are homemakers . We do NOT employ servants .

Unpaid women’s labor, for instance — running the household, raising the young, nurturing the sick and old parents — has little value.

If those same women join the ranks of Wall Street quantitative analysts, or old home nurses loolin after other’s parents for moolah, their status suddenly yields high incomes and high contributions to GDP.

They value what they measure.

In India we do NOT need to measure our pricks and twats every hour.

In USA accidents, addictions, oil spills and war, all great boosts to GDP growth, and adds to our collective HILLY BILLY YANK well-being.

That using up vital resources depletes the collective natural capital, -- this liquidation of assets does not count against the GDP.

GDP omits the astounding good work done in the Indian village home mostly by women. It values expenditure on war and nursing care on the same basis. It records the despoliation of the environment only by reference to the amount spent despoiling it, and then includes the amount spent to clean it up.

In USA if a ship is built at hajaaaar expense — whether it carried cargo or lay idle in a lay anchorage did NOT matter – this ship contributed to GDP. In India there is very little waste.

GDP fails to accurately assess the value of goods and services provided or estimate a society’s standard of living.

Our way of life is NOT the same as the Yank and their rcowboy riding posse's ( alies/ coaltion ) way of life.

Our life is based on happiness NOT pleasure and material pursuits like golf , dining at night under candle light drinking bullshit wine , and shaking gaand in a disco.

We do NOT care for Rothschild's rating agencies like Moody's who are just bouncers for big brother.

FUCK OFF !

capt ajit vadakayil
..
********************************************************************
OF PORK AND PIGS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


OF PORK AND PIGS-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




 Above , what is oozing out is NOT mayonnaise! Could it be Vanilla ice cream? Wanna taste ? 

 I just saw this in the newspapers--

##############################

JNU students question action over 

non-veg  food festival

New Delhi, September 26, 2012, 


Several Jawaharlal Nehru University (JNU) students are questioning the suspension of one of the members of the New Materialists group for planning a beef and pork food festival on 28th Sept 2012, on the campus.

Show-cause notices were also issued to three more members of the group a week ago.

“How can a mere announcement of the festival be enough reason for suspension,” wondered Neelima, research scholar of a language course.
################################ 



 Are students going to college to study, or play religious divide politics.  Why create deliberate discord. 

To set the record straight-- I love sausages.  But nowadays even on the ship I buy only Chicken sausages.

PORK HAS BECOME UN-RELIABLE, IF THE PROCESSING AND FREEZING IS NOT PROPER.



On my ship, every time the Filipino crew requisitioned for Pig blood, Pig intestine, Pig liver , Pig head – I would quietly strike it off from the victualling list , as a veto measure.

However last Christmas , despite the swine flu I got a sucking pig for the party. With lot of gusto they stuffed the carcass with China grass and slow roasted it over special coal. I was lovingly offered a plate of slices . It tasted good , but I also got an abscess on the gums which took me 2 weeks to heal.



So what are the good and bad points of pigs?

In the novel ANIMAL FARM, George Orwell selected a pig for the role of Napoleon. Correct choice I may say— for a pig is a very smart animal.

Recently I saw a TV show on Animal Planet , where a smart little pig nicknamed “ mud slinger “ did several tricks which had everybody in splits. Most of these tricks required a great deal of intelligence.


  

So let me list the good points—

-- The DNA of a pig is similar to that of a human being. Human DNA when injected into pig cells become embryos. People with insulin-dependent diabetes usually inject themselves with pig insulin. See video below.  This is why viruses who latch on as parasites find it easy to get transferred to human cells. Viruses cannot survive on their own,I hope you know that.



-- A pig is biologically similar to a human being and hence used by zoology students for dissection. Even the heart is similar where the left side pumps blood to the body while the right side pumps blood to the lungs. Pig fetus in placenta receives nourishment from the via the umbilical cord. They can have dreams.

-- Pigs are very intelligent and respond to their names and commands. Their oinks, snorts, squeals and grunts as a response can be interpreted. They have emotions and hence can get highly stressed , burnt out and depressed.



-- Pets can be toilet trained and is a essentially clean animal.

-- Pigs love music and is computer savvy.

-- Pigs can see in semi colour unlike other mammals who see in black and white.

-- They are compassionate creatures.

-- They have a good sense of direction , smell and don’t get lost easily.

Muslims , Hindus and Jews do NOT eat pigs.



 When the pig is NOT cared for well , and had to survive in adverse circumstances it can turn into a filthy creature. Pariah and stay dogs eat feces—however a well bred dog from a good home will reject it.


Let me list the bad points of ill bred pigs . You may be very surprised and stop eating pork. It is better to know all this.
  

Take a pork chop keep it outside the fridge for a couple of hours and then pour some coke on it. You will be surprised to see Trichinosis spiral worms and maggots crawling out stimulated by the sugar and phosphoric acid of Coke.



Pigs are inflicted by more than more than a hundred diseases and dozens of different parasites and worms. Some of these parasite eggs cannot be killed by ordinary cooking, salting or vinegar.

-- Like humans they get influenza. Since their lungs are small, this affects exhalation . Toxins in the body cant get expelled. Lung inside pork sausages can cause H1N1 flu and inflammatory disease to humans..



The moment the pigs get pneumonia the farmers pump antibiotics into them , douse them with insecticides and sell them in the market for culling, for as long as the pig is ambulatory and self powered , it is NOT against the law..

-- Pigs do not have sweat glands and cant sweat out toxins.



-- Pigs eat vegetables, but if they don’t get proper choice food , they will eat flesh even if it is rotting, its own bacteria laden feces , rotting flesh with maggots, cancerous growths of other pigs and even its own piglets. Such pigs cannot be killed even by snake bite.

-- Pigs digestive system is like humans. But it just takes about 5 hours for food to be defecated. This must time is NOT enough for the toxins to be eliminated and hence the flesh of the pig is laden with parasites and disease causing germs. Some of these worms can even invade the human brain causing convulsions , epilepsy , hysteria etc and has to be surgically removed. Pork is hence toxic.



-- Pork eating gives you the tape worm larva which can grow in the small intestine to 3 metres in length causing weakness , anaemia and vitamin B12 deficiency..
  
-- Pork has excessive fat and uric acid with very little muscle building material. Indigestion, Gall stones, Hypertension and heart attack is the result.

-- If you examine their free for all sexual habits , you will be disgusted. They have longest period of orgasm , among mammals. Finally excessive pork consumption of meat eating non-herbivorous types ( in deserts ) can cause your DNA to mutate.

-- Pig feces contain hundreds of coliform bacteria and microbial pathogens . Pigs with abscessed pus oozing hoofs take in all these bacteria from their sty , and some of them just lie on their side and can hardly walk.



Above is a worm peeping out after eating under cooked pork and pig liver -- dont believe?  OK, here is another one below-. Be my guest --eat plenty of Pork Sorputel like the Goan Christians, and never pass an IIT entrance exam.




Still dont believe--see the worm LIVE in the video below!



An abscess is a pocket of pus with no drain. Some animals have a ready made drain at their hooves. When you see pus here ( so called foot and mouth disease )-- you can rest assured that the whole flesh is polluted.



Culture is that complex whole -- which is a potpourri of language, ideas, beliefs, customs, codes, institutions, tools, techniques, art, rituals, knowledge, morals ,law, habits , folktales , values, conventions, ceremonies etc  --- snowballed by man as a member of the society.

The use of culture depends upon an ability for rational or abstract possessed by humans alone.

Animals dont have it.

Culture could be a logical construct, or a psychic defense mechanism or even an abstraction from behaviour.

Once established, culture has a life of its own, in a cause and effect yin-yang relationship--

It flows down through time from one generation to another. it is the most highly developed means of promoting freedom from worry and continuity of life, in a series that began with the simple reflex.

Man's immediate prehuman ancestors had societies, but they did not have culture.

It can cause a person to die of hunger, though nourishment is available, because some foods are branded unclean by the culture. This was proved with the Afghan Pathans taken POW by USA and incarcerated in Guantanamo Cuba..



---and it can cause a person to disembowel or shoot himself to wipe out a stain of dishonour.

Culture is stronger than life and stronger than death. culture triumphs over death and offers man eternal life.



Wife lending among the eskimo might be practiced as a gesture of hospitality, a way of cementing a friendship and promoting brotherhood in a unforgiving and dangerous environment, and thus may acquire the status of a high moral value. This is for survival.

Cultures themselves must NEVER EVER be evaluated or graded as higher and lower, superior or inferior.

A culture is a time tested means to an end-- the culture ( or way of life ) of the more highly developed nation is “imposed” upon the less developed peoples .

Now-a-days it is fashion -- to use word culture mindlessly like corporate culture, computer culture, or alien culture , -- here it is CULTURAL --- not culture.

In anthropology and sociology we apply culture clashes, culture shock, and counter- culture (like eating from same plate--)

In a nutshell -- RESPECT CULTURE—don’t ridicule culture—


Are you listening you self righteous sponsors of the JNU PORK FU#KIN’ FEST?

Put on your head phones and listen to Acherontas - Elixir of the Ancient Ones, IN FULLVOLUME.
********************************************************************
FALSE FLAG ATTACK ON IRAN COULD TRIGGER WORLD WAR 3- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


FALSE FLAG ATTACK ON IRAN COULD TRIGGER WORLD WAR 3 -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




See a classified ( leaked ) video, above.

Read this post carefully--even if it takes days to do it. It is high time the common citizens of this planet is NOT made an ass by the Zionist Jewish lobby in USA and in Israel--all manipulated by the banking cartel king pin..

A few years ago, a Mossad intelligence man wrote a book. He was on a trip. His agency was THE cat's whiskers.

I will recount just one of his " the way we take the world for a ride" boasts.

The Sri Lankan Navy wanted superior Israeli radars for their naval battleships. And Israel was one of the quotation tenders. Due to some reason, Israel did NOT want to sell these radars. 

So they just decided to have some fun at the expense of the "monkeys" --this is the racist term he used for the Lankans. You see Mossad is such a FUN organisation, with so much sense of humor and class !

So all these Sri Lankan Admirals dressed in whites with their medals on their chests , were sitting in the auditorium and then this sleuth started his presentation using a projector . 

Instead of showing the radar blue prints, he deliberately put on the blue print of a VACCUM CLEANER used to skim and suck off oil from the surface of the sea, in case of an oil spill.

And these Admirals sat there trying to figure out what is what--scratching their heads --a banana would have done justice at this time---  and he was gloating  TEEEE HEEEEEE!

Stupid monkeys!.

But then check out who is stupid--and who had the last laugh.

At the end of the presentation, the Chief of the Sri Lankan naval delegation, got up and said tersely " This radar will NOT fit on our ships" 


--and they quietly trooped out of the hall, without further ado.  

They could have barked back at the dog, but they had the culture NOT to.

IRAN WILL BE ATTACKED SOON -- IT WILL BE A FALSE FLAG OPERATION --  THE WORLD WILL GET POLARIZED-  

THIS COULD SUCK THE WORLD INTO A DEADLY VORTEX OF THE THIRD WORLD WAR --  IRAN KNOWS HOW TO FIGHT BACK.

Now let me explain what a false flag operation is-- for almost all wars in the recent past have been false flag attacks --and Zionist Jew Rothschild has been involved in ALL of them.

Just an example:  A " false flag attack" occurs when elements -- say--within Israel destroys a valuable military target of their own or their  No1 (Jewish lobby propelled and guided) ally USA— say-- they sink the USS Enterprise, a nuclear aircraft carrier which has to be scrapped at a great cost soon.  




The whole world will be aghast.  




The cowboy posse ( allies / coalition ) will now congregate,  put on war paint, whip up frenzy, take their guns and ride hard towards the “so called” outlaw ( evil axis ) —and decimate him. 

And the world press owned and manipulated by the banking cartel will pay glowing tribute— and the dumb and brainwashed world denizens will cry WOW— WAY TO GO—THE WORLD IS NOW SAFER !

Pseudo-operations are those in which forces of Kauravas disguise themselves as Pandavas.

Conversely, the government may disguise their secret police as Naxalites, with the aid of defectors, infiltrate naxal infested areas. The aim of such pseudo-operations may be to gather short or long-term intelligence or to engage in active operations, in particular assassinations of Naxal leadership.

These are invariably covert operations conducted by governments, corporations, or other organizations, which are designed to deceive the masses in such a way that the operations appear as if they are being carried out by other entities.  

False flag operations are not limited to war and counter-insurgency operations, and have been used in peace-time.

In the 1960s, the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff signed off on a plan code-named Operation Northwoods to blow up American airplanes and to commit terrorist acts on American soil, -- to blame it on the Cubans in order to justify an invasion of Cuba. The operation was not carried out only because the Kennedy administration refused to implement these Pentagon plans. 




One quote from the Northwoods documents states: "A 'Remember the Maine' incident could be arranged: We could blow up a US ship in Guantanamo Bay and blame Cuba.  Casualty lists in US newspapers would cause a helpful wave of national indignation."

All of you must have heard of the anthrax attacks in USA – which were sent along with notes purportedly written by Islamic terrorists – used a weaponized anthrax strain from the top U.S. bioweapons facility  . It is also interesting that the only Congress members mailed anthrax letters were key Democrats.

The attacks occurred one week before passage of the freedom-curtailing PATRIOT Act, which seems to have scared them and the rest of Congress into passing that act without even reading it.  It was proved that the White House staff began taking the anti-anthrax medicine before the Anthrax attacks occurred.

In July, 1954, an Israeli terrorist cell was activated inside Egypt. The ensuing attacks, cleverly designed to look like the work of Arabs, blasted and torched American and British targets. First, the Israeli terrorists firebombed the Alexandria Post Office. 




Then, they firebombed the US Information Agency libraries: one in Alexandria, and one in Cairo. Then, they firebombed a Jewish Rothschild -owned Metro-Goldwyn Mayer theatre, a railway terminal, the central post office, and a couple more theatres...

To smuggle their bombs inside the buildings, the terrorists used devices shaped like books, hiding them inside book covers. Once inside, bags filled with acid were placed on top of the nitroglycerin bombs. After several hours, the acid ate through the bags and ignited the nitroglycerin, causing explosions and blazing infernos. 

In the early 1950s, the United States was making fast friends with Egypt, taking advantage of the new pan-Arab Egyptian government of Gamal Abdel Nasser. The warming relationship between the US and Egypt caused a very insecure Israel to feel threatened. They were hell bent on driving a wedge between Egypt and USA.


Egyptian President Nasser also had plans to nationalize the Suez Canal, which had been controlled by the British for decades. Egypt had been known to blockade Israeli shipping through the canal and Israel feared Nassar would make a blockade permanent.





Soon  US President Jew Eisenhower began encouraging the Jews to leave the Suez Canal Zone ( temporarily so that Jewish targets will be clear of Jews ) . In the summer of 1954 Colonel Binyamin Gibli, the chief of Israel's military intelligence, Aman, initiated Operation Susannah , to block the British withdrawal from Egypt.

The Jewish lobby in the US senate wanted a hardcore hawk as the Israeli Defence minister. By these terror attacks in Egypt, the former Israeli Prime Minister Ben Gurion and Israel's Aman chief, Binyamin Gibli, tried to frame their own Defense Minister Pinhas Lavon—typical of Jews .



They needed critical water resources for Israel from the Syrian Golan heights--to resettle the Jews withing Israel.

 David Ben Gurion, Israel's founding prime minister, thought that Egyptian terrorist attacks against Americans would be a perfect way to cool the growing US/Egypt relationship. Since there were no Egyptians planning attacks against Americans, Ben Gurion's protégés did the next best thing: they recruited Israeli agents to pretend to be Egyptian terrorists.






The top-secret Israeli terrorist cell, Unit 131, had existed since 1948. In 1950, Israel's Directorate of Military Intelligence Aman was created and Israel sent an undercover agent, Colonel Avraham Dar (alias: John Darling, British citizen of the island of Gibraltar), to recruit more members to Unit 131. He also trained them in how to build bombs and terrify Americans and British civilians working and living in Egypt.

Before the terrorist cell was activated, another Israeli agent named Avraham (Avraham Seidenberg) was sent to take control from Avraham Dar. Seidenberg first went to Germany to establish an alias: he assumed the identy of Paul Frank, a former SS officer, complete with underground Nazi connections. By 1954, his new identity was in place and he went to Egypt to take command of Unit 131. 

Everything was going well for the Israeli terrorists it seemed. But, there was one thing the members of Unit 131 didn't know: their terrorist sleeper cell had itself been infiltrated by the Egyptian intelligence service. The new Unit 131 leader, Seidenberg, had betrayed them to the Egyptians. 

So, when Unit 131 member Philip Nathanson made his way to bomb the British-owned Rio theatre in Alexandria, not only was he being followed, the Egyptian intelligence service had a fire engine waiting to put out the flames. 

As Nathanson stood in the ticket line, an Egyptian agent pushed him from behind ,and the acid bag burst causing a bombs in his pocket to ignite and explode. Nathanson was burned badly but not killed. As nearby pedestrians shouted warnings and wondered if he was a suicide bomber, Egyptian policemen stepped in, calmed the crowd, and identified Nathanson as one of the terrorists who had been blowing up American and British buildings.




Nathanson was interrogated by Egypt's military intelligence and this Jewish coward sang like a canary-- confessed the whole plot, which led to more arrests. When the Israeli spies were given a public trail, all the details of their terrorist training in Israel came to light.

Ben Gurion , the Rothschild man, offered forged documents as proof that the Israeli defence minister Lavon was involved . The frame-up worked for a while, so much so that the entire incident is still popularly known as the Lavon Affair. Lavon resigned and Ben Gurion came out of political retirement as a hero, to replace him as Israel's Defense Minister.

 However, the truth did finally emerge. In 1960, a review of the inquiry discovered the fake documents, as well as perjury by Seidenberg. A committee of seven Cabinet members cleared Lavon. Although Ben Gurion never admitted fault, he did resign his post as Defense Minister. 



The attacks were to be blamed on the Muslim Brotherhood, to induce the British government to retain its occupying troops in Egypt's Suez Canal zone.  After Israel publicly denied any involvement in the incident for 51 years, the surviving agents were officially honored in 2005 by being awarded certificates of appreciation by Israeli President Moshe Katzav.  

Israel glorified these terrorists as martyrs. Their memory was sanctified. Neighborhoods and gardens were named after them in Israel, as were dozens of children born in the year 1955.

The top-secret cell, Unit 131, which was to carry out the operation, had existed since 1948 and under Israeli MI , Aman since 1950. At the time of Operation Susannah, Unit 131 was the subject of a bitter dispute between Aman (military intelligence) and Mossad (national intelligence agency) over who should control it.

The Egyptian military Police searched Philip Natanson’s apartment, they found incriminating evidence and names of all accomplices to the operation. Several suspects were Israeli Jews. Colonel Dar and Elad had managed to escape. Two suspects, Yosef Carmon and Hungarian-born Israeli Meir Max Bineth committed suicide in prison.

The Egyptian trial began on December 11 and lasted until January 27, 1955; two of the accused (Moshe Marzouk and Shmuel Azar) were condemned to execution by hanging, two were acquitted, and the rest receiving lengthy prison terms.



The trial was criticised in Israel as a show trial, although strict Israeli military censorship of the press, at the time, meant that the Israeli public was kept in the dark about the facts of the case and, in fact, were led to believe that the defendants were innocent.

After serving seven year jail sentences, two of the imprisoned operatives (Meir Meyuhas and Meir Za'afran) were released in 1962. The rest were eventually freed in February 1968, in a secret addendum to a prisoner of war exchange.




Lavon put the entire blame on the slimy Shimon Peres ( the current Israeli President and Nobel peace prize winner ) , who was the secretary general of the defense ministry. 

Peres served twice as the Prime Minister of Israel and once as Interim Prime Minister, and has been a member of 12 cabinets in a political career spanning over 66 years. 

Peres was elected to the Knesset in November 1959 and, except for a three-month-long hiatus in early 2006, served continuously until 2007, when he became President. He is the first former Prime Minister to be elected President of Israel.

Ben Gurion , the mentor of Shimon Perez , was fluent in Turkish. Today the Turkish military and banks are controlled by Jews. Bilderberg meeting was held in Turkey—how do you like that?




Ben-Gurion after he retired from politics in 1970 and spent his last years working on an 11-volume history of Israel's early years , giving Rothschild’s bullshit verison of events.

In 2005, Ben Gurion was voted the 2nd-greatest Israeli of all time in a sham poll conducted by Rothschild. 


This covert terrorist operation was code named "Operation Susannah." It was partly in jest, named after a member Victor Levy's fiancee, whose name was Susan Kauffman.  This song on Israel radio would be a call to action stations.

None of the Jews caught were trained on plan B , if they were caught--they were so cocky. None of them had the balls to resist torture, and these cowards sang like canaries. 

Israel and The Jewsih lobby in USA of course splashed in the Rothschild held media that these people were so full of character that they were --hold your breath--  "constitutionally incapable" of telling lies-- we could call this the Kosher effect?. 

Oh boy-- sniff! I must cry now --

escuzeee plez-- BOOOO  HOOOOOOOO!


When Moshe Marzouk and Shmuel Azar were sentenced to be hanged, massive world pressure was applied on the Egyptian Government not to hang the two condemned men. 



Jewish American President Eisenhower intervened, as did the Indian Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru , who has a personal equation with Nasser ( on being arm twisted by Edwina Mountbatten ) - Even the Pope jumped into this clemency fray

Digression : Nehru’s letters to Edwina were found under her pillow when she died. In accordance with her wishes, Lord Mountbatten buried her at sea off the coast of Portsmouth off HMS Wakeful on 25 February 1960.  Nehru sent two Indian Navy destroyers to accompany her body . 



Sir Ernest Joseph Cassel, Edwina’s  mother was Amalia Mary Maud Cassel (1879–1911), daughter of the international magnate Sir Ernest Joseph Cassel, a German Jew and Rothschild relative.


Nasser put a fat finger in his friend Nehru’s eye. "Egypt will treat its spies in precisely the same manner adopted by the United States.".  Much later Nasser would prove his friendship with Nehru by blocking the Portuguese Navy when they wanted to fight with India, after we snatched away Goa. Going round the coast of Africa was NOT an option.


In 1952  Gamal Abdel Nasser lead a revolution to overthrow the Jewish stooge playboy King Farouk, the gambling partner of Rothschild in his world wide casinos. 


Egypt had been seeking loans from the World Bank since late 1955 to finance the construction of the Aswan High Dam. A tentative agreement with the World Bank, the US and Britain indicated that US$ 70 million would be provided for the project. However, on 20 July 1956, the US and Britain withdrew their offers of funding, and the World Bank controlled by Rotshchild went back on the agreement.




Nasser did the next best thing within a week . In a historic speech he announced the nationalization of the Suez Canal Company, whose revenues would be used to finance the construction of the High Dam, which was completed in January 1968 with Soviet help. 

The nationalization escalated tension between Egypt and Britain and France, which froze Egyptian assets in Rothschild’d banks , and put their armies on alert.This was the time Israel decided to paint Nasser’s party black—as terrorists.

These operations were to "make it clear to the whole world that Egypt's new rulers were nothing but a group of foolhardy extremists, unreliable and unworthy of taking charge of an asset as important as the Suez Canal and unworthy of being counted upon as a dependable American ally.


Ben-Gurion immediately initiated drastic military actions against Egypt. These included a massive Israeli incursion into the Egyptian-controlled Gaza Strip, and the assassination by letter bomb of an Egyptian officer the Israelis said was directing guerrilla raids into Israel from Gaza. The unprovoked raid on Gaza, left thirty-nine Egyptians dead and led to the Suez War of 1956.



Shaken by the Gaza raid, which he had been powerless to stop, Nasser turned to the U.S. with a request for $27 million in arms. Mindful of a 1950 agreement with Britain and France to maintain an arms balance between Israel and the Arabs, and confident that Egypt was short of funds, the U.S under Rothschild pressure. informed Nasser that he would have to pay cash for the arms. 

Nasser then turned to Russia and accepted a Soviet-brokered Czechoslovak arms on barter terms cotton for arms.

On December 24, 1960, the Israeli cabinet unanimously exonerated Lavon of all guilt in the 'disastrous security adventure in Egypt'. According to a New York Times article (New York Times, 10 February 1961) the Attorney General had  found 'conclusive evidence of forgeries as well as false testimony in an earlier inquiry'.

In the subsequent 1961 elections, Ben-Gurion declared that he would only accept office if Lavon was fired as First Secretary of the Histadrut, Israel's labor union organization. His demands were met.  Ben Gurion tried to force his political party Mapai, The Israel Workers Party, to resolve this issue during 1964-1965. Instead, Ben-Gurion was forced to leave the party he had founded. The party cleared and rehabilitated Lavon completely in May 1964. 




In the 1980s, Benjamin Givli's secretary, Dalia Goldstein, confessed to forging the letter giving the orders, that had been used to incriminate Lavon, after Ben Gurion died. 



It was Israel's expansionist dream to have one leg in the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf. Do far they have it only in the Mediterranean sea and the Gulf of Aqaba . The Tiran strait is a VERY narrow bottle neck to the Red Sea.




Enough of dirty stinkin' muck raking--

Let us enjoy the song OH SUZANNAH--









How many of you know that ex-USSR President Mikhail Gorbachev was a crypto Jew ( Kahn )-- and Boris Yeltsin who suddenly dropped in from now where, was a crypto Jew Jelzman?   

The wife of Boris Yeltsin is the daughter of Jew Joseph Stalin from Stalin's marriage with Jew Rosa Kaganovich.

 

Have you ever wondered , after the Soviet Union disintegrated , why only the Jews became Billionaires? What is the catch?


###########################################


Now allow me to put a brief bio-data para of a Crypto Jew-- the blue eyed boy of Rothschild.

Donovan is the father of all modern FALSE FLAG operations.


William Joseph ("Wild Bill") Donovan (January 1, 1883 – February 8, 1959) was a US soldier, lawyer, intelligence officer and diplomat— groomed by Rothschild and in his pay roll.

He was groomed by Rothschild to be a crypto Jew.  

He was made a INSTANT hero and given sham bravery medals.  In WW1,he charged a German machine gun squad on Oct. 15, 1918 with his bayonet.  For this amazing feat of bravery , (which beat Churchills escape from Boers and Teddy Roosevelts charge up the Cuban hill ) , he was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor – rigged by Rothschilds.

He sailed through the law degree of Columbia college ( funded by Rothschild Opium money ) though he had no brains-- BINDAAS!.  The college was so thick skinned about it.

Donovan is the only person to have received the four highest awards in the United States: The Medal of Honor, the Distinguished Service Cross, the Distinguished Service Medal, and the National Security Medal. 

Hey, this only a grateful Rothschild can wrangle for you. For Donovan hijacked the the main Nuremberg War Crimes Tribunal in Germany—and did what Rothschild wanted him to do . 

Jew President Dwight D. Eisenhower referred to him as "the Last Hero", which later became the title of a biography of him

Important awards doled out to Donovan by a grateful Rothschild--as Donovan always delivered the goods..

            Medal of Honor
            Distinguished Service Cross
            Distinguished Service Medal with two oak leaf clusters
            Purple Heart with one oak leaf cluster
            National Security Medal
            Mexican Border Service Medal
            World War I Victory Medal with 5 campaign bars
            Army of Occupation of Germany Medal
            American Defense Service Medal
            American Campaign Medal
            Asiatic-Pacific Campaign Medal with Arrowhead device and 2 bronze service stars
            European-African-Middle Eastern Campaign Medal with Arrowhead device, two silver service stars, and two bronze service stars
            World War II Victory Medal
            Army of Occupation Medal with Germany clasp
            Armed Forces Reserve Medal with one ten-year hourglass device
            Légion d'honneur (France) (World War I)
            Commandeur de la Légion d'honneur (France) (World War II)
            Croix de guerre with Palm and Silver Star (France) (World War I)
            Honorary Knight Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire
            Papal Lateran Cross (Vatican) (Italian: Croce Lateranese)
            Knight Grand Cross of the Order of St. Sylvester (Vatican) 
            Order of the Crown (Italy) (Italian: Ordine della Corona d'Italia)
            Croce al Merito di Guerra (Italy)
            Commander's Cross with Star of the Order of Polonia Restituta (Poland)
            Grand Officer of the Order of Léopold of Belgium with Palm
            Czechoslovakian War Cross (1939)
            Grand Officer of the Order of Orange Nassau (Netherlands)
            Grand Cross of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav (Norway)
            Knight Grand Cross (First Class) of The Most Exalted Order of the White Elephant 

On May 24, 1979, a 14 ft. bronze statue of General William J. Donovan was dedicated in front of  Columbia University's Law School by a grateful Rothschild . 

When Donovan died on Feb. 8, 1959, the Director of the Central Intelligence Agency, Allen W. Dulles, sent a message to all CIA stations around the world: "Bill Donovan was the father of central intelligence. He was a great leader." 

One of Donovan's Columbia classmates was Franklin Delano Roosevelt.  Donovan’s wife was related to Rothschild - but his dozens of lovers all over the world were mostly Rothschild's  honey traps.

Donovan was used by Rothshild on secret missions. He was usually the go between between Rothchild’s US agents like JP Morgan, Rockefeller ,Roosevelt and Churchill.

Rothschild placed Donovan was placed in charge of the OSS Office of Strategic Services (OSS) June 13, 1942. The "new" CIA type agency was from the outset merely an outpost of the main MI British Intelligence, run by Rothschild.

Donovan had a unlimited expense account and did NOT draw any salary while he headed OSS. This was a huge organisation and Rothschild funded and paid the salaries of nearly 32000 agents.

OSS was like a mafia gang . They were into black mail, covert operations, opium ,drugs, diamond smuggling, money laundering, art and antique thefts and sales, cheating, ripping off, and every money making scheme possible.

On May 17, 1945, Donovan was appointed by Rothschild to micro manage the the Nuremberg Trials in favour of the Jews .

The CIA has also spent billions to influence foreign elections, always for candidates inimical to the interests of the people of the United States, but dedicated to the covert program of Rothschild.

Donovan is also called the "Father of American Intelligence" and the "Father of Central Intelligence".

CIA is now the OSS. 

At the entrance to the CIA building a placard screams , "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free." 

Sniff!  

I must cry now BOOO HOOOOOOO!



#############################################################
Pl take time off and read the following past Jewish false flag attacks :-- YOU WILL BE SHOCKED!

Punch into Google search--

GULF OF TONKIN LIE- VADAKAYIL ( for Vietnam war )

WINSTON CHURCHILL HERO OR HENCHMAN - VADAKAYIL ( for 1st World war -sinking of SS Lusitania - America to be dragged in )

LIE OF PEARL HARBOUR REVEALED- VADAKAYIL ( for 2nd World War-- America to be dragged in  )

MAHATMA GANDHI RE-WRITING HISTORY- VADAKAYIL ( to control India getting violent )

DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING OF MAHATMA GANDHI - VADAKAYIL ( to recruit Indian soldiers for both World wars -- to be used in worst and most dangerous areas ).

EXPLOSION ON SS MAINE , JEWISH AVENGER - VADAKAYIL ( to snatch away Haiti, Hawaii, Guam , Cuba from Spain and to take revenge for Spanish Inquisition )

 

GEN EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST - VADAKAYIL ( to create the 6 million magic figure , to carve out a homeland for the persecuted Jews--  if you contest the 6 million figure 18 countries will throw you into jail ).

NAPOLEON THE UNKNOWN SIDE- VADAKAYIL ( for Rothschild to steal England's wealth )

TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED- VADAKAYIL ( for Rothschild to steal Kerala's gold -- worth 300 Trillion USD at todays prices )

CRYPTOS DOUBLE AGENTS DECEPTION- VADAKAYIL ( To introduce communism , to prepare the European Jews to run and to steal the wealth of the super rich Czar )

 

PEOPLE OF THIS PLANET-- WAKE UP !!


EVEN IF YOU HAVE TO READ THE WHOLE DAY--  READ IT-- FOR ONLY THIS WILL LIBERATE YOU !!!

 






 The British government admits that  -- between 1946 and 1948 -- it bombed 5 ships carrying Jews attempting to flee the Holocaust to seek safety in Palestine, set up a fake group called "Defenders of Arab Palestine", and then had the psuedo-group falsely claim responsibility for the bombings.

Israel admits that in 1954, an Israeli terrorist cell operating in Egypt planted bombs in several buildings, including U.S. diplomatic facilities, then left behind "evidence" implicating the Arabs as the culprits. The Jews screwed it up badly as one of the bombs detonated prematurely, allowing the Egyptians to identify the bombers, and several of the Israelis later confessed.

The CIA admits that it hired Iranians in the 1950's to pose as Communists and stage bombings in Iran in order to turn the country against its democratically-elected prime minister.

 American president Jew Dwight Eisenhower approved a plan in 1957 to carry out attacks in Syria and blame it on the Syrian government as a way to effect regime change.

Jew Joseph Stalin ordered his secret police to execute 22,500 Polish army officers and civilians in 1940, and falsely blame it on the Nazis.

In 1992 Israel attacked its own embassy in Buenos Aires, Argentina and in 1994 a Jewish Community Center “because Argentina had cooperated with Iran in the development of the peaceful use of nuclear energy.”  

CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER.






Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII, EMPEROR HIROHITO AND QUID PRO QUO - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DOCTOR DEATH SHIRO ISHII, UNIT 731, EMPEROR HIROHITO AND QUID PRO QUO - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




When I wrote my post NETAJI SUBHASH CHANDRA BOSE, SECRETS OF RABAUL TUNNELS- VADAKAYIL, a lot of Bongs got upset . 

They disagreed with me that Japanese ate more than 20000 Indian INA soldiers , during the process of digging 620 kilometers of tunnels through hard pumice rock, macabre --to survive.




They disagreed that there were 2200 Korean  and Chinese prostitutes inside these tunnels , as "comfort women" or forced prostitution.

They pointed out in the Hollywood movie Bridge on the river Kwai, the Japanese displayed lot of honour. 

This post if for these non-believers, and the uninitiated.

First of all the movie itself is a lie. The white officers refused to work along with Indian soldiers. You can see in the movie that a handful of Indian soldiers are resting in the hospital and the British Colonel does a nice namaste to them. 

243, 000 Indian soldiers ( 2.42 lakhs ) died in World War 2.

They were counted as white British dead--by the peer reviewed Rothschild controlled press. No memorial exists for them. 

1.11 lakh ( 111, 000 ) Indian soldiers died in World War 1. 

I am taking about KILLED-- not the wounded which were more than double the number.

This post will deliver doodh ka doodh paani ka paani!

So pay attention.

A couple of years ago, when my ship was in Australia, the white Christian man controlled press went hammer and tongs after a Indian surgeon--Dr Jayant Patel of Bundaberg base hospital. This was on the basis of charges levelled by a white Christian nurse Toni Hoffman. 

Any moron could make out that this nurse was obviously suffering from PMS , considering her body language and knee jerk reactions.  And that she had an axe to grind with the Indian doctor, who treated her for what she is worth.

She had some degree in Medical ethics and she was all out to prove that she was indeed a competent one overflowing with ethics.  On TV she would act as if she knew more than the doctor.

The yellow Aussie criminal DNA press, photo shopped Dr Patel's photo with contrast and shadows and he actually  looked like "doctor death" --an evil soul--just by looks alone.

The press did their own trial.  They hounded Dr Patel everywhere.They hid on trees and took videos of his smoking outside the hospital during coffe breaks , to prove he is NOT hygenic. 

On 22 March 2005 Stuart Copeland, the Queensland Minister for Health, raised the issue of Patel's clinical practice during "Question Time" in the Queensland Parliament.  


Madame Toni Hoffman, was awarded the Order of Australia medal .



Dr Jayant Patel was convicted of 3 counts of manslaughter and one case of grievous bodily harm, and sentenced to seven years in jail . However On 24 August 2012, much to the dismay of the yellow Aussie press, the High Court unanimously quashed Patel's convictions . 

To morbidly obese Toni baby I will tell this.  The fancy title of “Doctor death”  is already taken by a Japanese doctor by the name of Shiro Ishii. And Dr Patel was NOT as evil as Dr Ishii.  




And Toni baby –you MAY go to heaven with your "Order of Australia " award,  if you read this post well. Suggest you lose some weight lest you cant squeeze past the pearly gates. 

Toni baby,I can read faces--  the least I say about you the better.

And hey, yellow Aussie press --suck on this fu#kin' post!

Back to the non-believers--

If you can , I suggest you watch these videos below first. I suggest children less than 18 and women keep clear of these videos. 


















This is gonna be a very long post. At the end of this you will wonder, can man really be so evil? 


The perpetrators of these crimes Emperor Hirohito and Dr Shiro Ishii was given a QUID PRO QUO deal   ( you scratch my back, I scratch your back ) by Rothschild's emissary William Joseph ("Wild Bill") Donovan, the Chief of OSS-- all approved by US President  FD Roosevelt.




Both Emperor Hirohito and Dr Shiro Ishii, would escape war crime trial and hanging, if Dr. Shiro Ishii would give his research results and explain each and every gruesome finding personally at the secret US bio warfare laboratory in Maryland.  


This was done with so much finesse that even Ishii own daughter Harumi does NOT know about his long secret visit to Maryland USA.  As far as she was concerned her father was in jail.


Emperor Hirohito would have to terminate the Nationalist Shinto doctrine that the Emperor is the descendant of the Sun Goddess Amaterasu--so that when Japanese die for the Emperor they no longer become Kami--or a God themselves. 




This is the reason why only the Japanese PM Hideki Tojo alone was hung on 23rd Dec 1948. 


Now back to the non-believers who felt that Japanese should have come to India and driven away the British. 

Hey, you "akkal ka dushmans" ( translation --"not so bright" idiots ) -- thank your stars that this did NOT happen. 


Dr Shiro Ishii was creating super-viruses to depopulate India. Only the flora and fauna would remain.  All Indian humans would die. 

AIDS was a virus created in a Lab in USA. So what does AIDS virus do? Does it kill the plants and birds and animals and fish?

You have NO idea how cruel the Japanese can be. This arigato gozaimasu ( thank your very much ) overdrive is only after Hiroshima and Nagasaki atoms bombs. 


The split personality cruelty simmers underneath.  It is NO wonder that psychologists advised Rothschild NOT to allow Japan to ever lead an attack army. 

I have been to almost all the Japanese ports in the past 4 decades. I have stayed in hotels for months together. Every time I take a new ship delivery, I have to stay for one month in Japan. 

Most of the Japanese females do NOT want to marry. They do NOT believe in love. Ever seen Japanese blue movies? This girl just cries and whimpers-- 100%.  

Just punch in CHIKAN GROPING SEX VIDEO FREE in Google search.  

Children less than 18 and women are NOT allowed to see these videos.  I will delete this red para after a month.


Around 80% of the Japanese girls of the age range 14 to 45 get molested -- nay -- raped-- ( I am NOT talking about groping )--  in the overcrowded trains and buses. 

These girls just acquiesce, and take the violation silently.  The balance 20% escaped just because they took cars or  foot slogged to school. Here I am talking about once in a lifetime.

The whole Japanese society knows about this, including the police and judiciary. Who cares?  The comics which the small Japanese children read are hard core sex.

And in India some boy just gives a lech look and a word or a cat call, he comes on National TV the next day.  And India is branded as a nation of perverts by frogs in the well-- by people who have NOT seen life beyond Indian shores.


In the 1920s the Japanese were being taught that their emperor, living in a 1.1 square kilometer park in central Tokyo, was more than just a mere mortal - he was called a living god. Children were educated to think of the emperor as a god in the form of a human being.




As late as 2007, despite world TV and internet, the Japanese government conducted a poll asking whether non-Japanese people deserved the same human rights as Japanese people. 

42% of Japanese people answered in the negative. As you can see racism is in the blood.

Japan's population was increasing - its natural resources could not sustain such an increase. They needed new fertile lands rich in minerals and oil. Japan had the mindset and determination to fight a hundred-year war to bring the whole world to its knees.  

They could NOT possible kill all the population by bombs and bullets , hence they went on a bio warfare tangent.  The whole idea was NOT to inherit a wasteland. In China they just did some trials, with the world war not going their way—yet they killed so many.

In July, 1937,  Japan attacked China after a false flag incident at the Marco Polo Bridge. This full scale war lasted until 1945, till the Japanese surrendered.



The “Rape of  Nanking,” as it became known, is considered THE worst atrocity in history. For was NOT frenzied killing — this was cold, calculated, diabolical.  

It was imperially-sanctioned butchery of  470,000 human beings and institutionalized rape of  205,000 women in military prostitution camps.   Rabid mass cruelty and barbarity, all in the name of a divine Emperor.




Let me list some gruesome barbarities.  Really I cant possible put every diabolical sex crime on paper. One third of  the Nanking city was burned to the ground with the ﬁres and carnage lasting for thirty-nine full days. 


Whole regiments hold be-heading contests, supposedly to make their soldiers obedient killers without conscience.  Chinese civilians were rounded up on the slightest pretext to provide Japanese troops with bayonet practice. Only Japanese officers held Samurai swords, the ordinary soldiers had bayonets. 





The Japanese were taught that Chinese were "chancorro", or sub-human, and that the killing of Chinese was of no greater significance than the killing of vermin. The Japanese did not just kill the Chinese civilians, they tortured them in any and  every cruel way possible and enjoyed the power of doing so.  They set people on fire, ripped out beating hearts and took pictures as souvenirs…  




In most these pictures the Japanese monsters are smiling, surrounded by the bloody victims. The Japanese knew which form of torture would produce the most painful experience for the victim before they would die.  Decapitation, crucifixion, carved out big pieces of human flesh, and there are incidents where the Chinese had their eyes gouged out and their noses and ears chopped off  before setting them aflame. 





The Japanese troops gathered a groups of people stripped them naked, tied them up to columns  and then stabbed them zhuizi . These are special needles with handles on them- in hundreds of points along their bodies, including their mouths, throats, and eyes.  Some had their hands frozen solid and then the doctor hits them with his baton breaking them into pieces. 





Thousands of Chinese would be gunned down everyday as they stood at the banks of the Yangzte River.  Bloated and stinking dead bodies clogged the river and the river ran red with blood for days.  Many Japanese soldiers invented games to make it less of a chore for them.  




Photographs were smuggled out of China showing Chinese being buried alive.  Hundreds of Chinese had their eyes gouged out and their noses and ears hacked off before being set on fire.   



Others were buried up to their necks and were then run over by battle tanks. Chinese would be herded in large groups, sprayed with gasoline and set on fire. Infants were dropped into boiling water. Young boys were sliced in half with swords. 


Vicious dogs were set loose on Chinese and ripped them apart whilst crowds of Japanese enjoyed the spectacle, like in the old days of gladiator Rome. They would chop off the 4 limbs just to record how long the body will twitch.  This would be repeated for various ages and for men, women and children. 




These were NOT scientific experiments under any figment of human imagination- it was just for the sadistic pleasure of seeing the people suffer. All these records are still there in the US lab at Maryland.  Hey, was it printed on the US dollar IN GOD WE TRUST?





Chinese were thrown into the icy river where they would instantly be frozen solid whereupon their bodies would be riddled with machine gun bullets  There are many photographs which show Japanese soldiers beheading captives or conducting bayonet practice upon them with a smile , as laughing Japanese soldiers in the background clapped.  



It was believed by many Japanese that eating the penises of their fallen enemy would increase their virility. . They sliced babies in half or even in quarters with their bayonets, while the parents watched in horror.  The Japanese soldiers forced fathers to rape their daughters, while they watched like a live blue movie.  





Nanking became a city of complete savagery.  Anyone caught in the streets by the soldiers faced beheading at the hands of the Japanese samurai sword.  They took pride in slicing them in one blow.  Japanese soldiers had a sport competition going, to see who could kill the most Chinese, in the fastest manner—and these were timed and recorded on paper or photographs.  

 



The Japanese soldiers kept a  score with decapitated heads, in the beginning. Later, they simply slit throats. 

According to Japanese Lieutenant colonel Toshio Ohta's statement, between December 14 and December 18 alone, QUOTE: the Japanese commanding headquarters of Nanjing Port disposed of 100,000 bodies while other troops disposed of 50,000. UNQUOTE .

In 1937, the Osaka Mainichi Shimbun and its sister newspaper the Tokyo Nichi Nichi Shimbun covered a "contest" between two Japanese officers, Toshiaki Mukai  and Tsuyoshi Noda , in which the two men were described as vying with one another to be the first to kill 100 people with a sword.


Young girls would be literally raped to death, their bodies mutilated by swords or bayonets into their vaginas afterwards.  If you check out the vaginal wound, you could make out if it was done by an officer with a sword or a soldier with a bayonet. 



The women raped as much as 40 times a day  would be unable to walk –they just lay there with their legs open.  Many survivors later died of their wounds or disease. Women would be tied down onto furniture with their legs spread on the sidewalks of the street and would be successively raped by countless soldiers who happened to pass by.  

Japanese soldiers took many photographs for keepsakes and souvenirs of the women that were raped and mutilated. There are photos of dead women with rods shoved into their vaginas. Eyewitness and photographs described whole streets and alleys full of such victims. 



As in the case of the mass execution of the Chinese males, Japanese soldiers invented raping games and contest. Brothers were forced to rape their sisters and sons were forced to rape their mothers. Fathers were forced to rape their daughters. Anyone refusing to participate would be executed on the spot. 

Young female virgins were especially prized by the Japanese. As in the case of the eating of penises, many Japanese soldiers actually cut out the vaginas of young girls and fashioned keepsakes made out of the victims pubic hair. It was believed by many Japanese soldiers that the pubic hair of a virgin would make them invulnerable to enemy fire. 




As early as 1932, the Japanese government established a system of  military sexual slavery, the so-called “comfort-stations” where thousands of  women, particularly from Korea, China, Japan, and the Philippines, but also women throughout Asia, were tricked or forced into prostitution and used as sex slaves by the Japanese soldiers.

There were more than 2000 of such comfort stations. Recently I saw a “comfort station” in an Indian railway station. This was a  toilet. I guess nobody heard the concept of military whorehouses in India.  The Japanese soldiers referred to these military whorehouses as “public toilets” and treated them as such.



These poor women were subjected to constant degradation, verbal and physical abuse.  Some were girls as young as twelve years old—and some of these girls still live.  The prettiest and the youngest girls were reserved for the high ranking officers.


Every attractive girl of 12 year and more , were kidnapped and sent them to officially sanctioned military brothels.  The more attractive ones would be raped more. They would  face beatings and physical pain if they did NOT obey unnatural and perverted orders . 

This form of  abuse during war has come to be known as the “hidden horror” because women who suffered this kind of  abuse have endured in silence even after the war because of  their shame and humiliation. 


Dr. Ishii dehumanized his victims, designating them as muralas or “logs,” a sick joke that originated when the Japanese told the local Manchurians that Unit 731 facility was being built as “a lumber mill.”


Unit 731 was 6 square kilometres in size.  Maps show 76 different structures , laboratories, dissection rooms, barns for experimental animals, dormitories for the 20,000 staff - serviced by its own airport and railway spur.  The staff included physicians, surgeons, nurses, chemists, biologists, microbiologists, veterinarians, entomologists, and plant pathologists. 

These scientists and medical personnel were paid extra for their work. Surprisingly, although the development of  CBW and the medical experiments were done in secret, the Japanese medical community was well-informed about these experiments. In fact, several ﬁlms of  the vivisections were shown in Japan.

It housed administrative buildings, laboratories, workers dormitories, barracks, an autopsy-dissecting building and a special prison to house human test subjects.  Three giant furnaces handled “disposal” of human carcasses.

The rationale behind conducting a vivisection upon a living subject previously infected with a germ warfare agent was to observe the damage wrought on the victim's internal organs whilst the victim WAS STILL ALIVE.  It was felt that utilizing a general anesthetic upon the victims thus "treated" may inhibit the progress of the germ warfare agent.

There are photographs of “doctor death” Shiro Ishii, in his general's uniform,  proudly bearing on his breast the Golden Kite (Third Order) and Rising Sun (Middle Chord) medals personally presented to him by Hirohito . The atrocities were committed by some of Japan's most distinguished doctors recruited by Dr. Ishii.  


Many of Ishii's experiments can only be described as psychopathically sadistic, with no conceivable military application. But the weapon was so uncontrollable that Ishii managed to kill several thousand of his own troops.

No fewer than 700 of the doctors responsible for these ghastly experiments received the highest honours for scientific achievement, publishing more than 100 papers in which they disguised the true nature of their experiments by referring to “Chinese monkeys" .

The Chinese were infected with plague, anthrax, cholera, and other pathogens.  They were subjected to experiments to study the effects of  frostbite, dehydration, and malnutrition as well as experimental surgeries in transplantation of  limbs from one individual to another. Neither women nor children were spared. 

Women were subjected to similar medical experiments as men. The women were subjected to forced participation in studies of  sexually-transmitted diseases (STDs).  At  ﬁrst syphilis was injected. Then the Japanese decided they could study the effects better if  the syphilis was contracted through sexual contact: they forced women to have sex with men who were infected.  



The progress of  the disease was closely observed, and women were subjected to live dissection of their internal organs to investigate the different stages of  the syphilis . Experiments were conducted on babies born in Unit 731 as well as on children brought to the unit.

Some prisoners had their stomachs surgically removed and the esophagus reattached to the intestines.  Parts of the brain, lungs, liver, etc. were removed from some prisoners . Prisoners were infested with fleas in order to acquire large quantities of disease-carrying fleas for the purposes of studying the viability of germ warfare.


 
Babies were subjected to experimentation and dissection.  Children as young as 6 years were used in germ and chemical tests. These so-called “logs” were not meant to survive.  Once a prisoner was sent to a biological warfare (BW) facility, the system mandated that the person would not live. 
 

 
Most lasted only 30 days.  They were infected, dissected without anesthesia, usually a vivisection, dispatched by lethal injection, and then cremated in an on-site crematorium.





Other incidents include being deprived of food and water to determine the length of time until death, being placed into high-pressure chambers until death, having experiments performed upon prisoners to determine the relationship between temperature, burns, and human survival, being placed into centrifuges and spun until dead. Human subjects were placed in pressure chambers to see how much pressure they could withstand before their eyeballs popped out of their skulls.

The Japanese injected animal blood and studied the effects.. Chinese were exposed to lethal doses of x-rays. Various chemical weapons tested on prisoners inside gas chambers. Chinese were injected with sea water in various concentrations to determine if it could be a substitute for saline.



 
Chinese were buried alive to check out if they could go into hibernation with selected chemicals . Some were subjected to sub-freezing temperatures.  Later they were “defrosted” by a range of experimental techniques.  It was usual for these “logs” to have their limbs beaten with sticks until they resounded with a hard, hollow ring - signifying the freezing process was complete
 
 
Humans were used in frostbite experiments and burned with flamethrowers to determine means to treat Japanese soldiers thus wounded. Victims were bombarded with lethal doses of X-Rays. Even newborn infants were used in these ghastly experiments.

Vivisection of living people (including pregnant women who were impregnated by the doctors), prisoners had limbs amputated and reattached to other parts of their body, some prisoners had parts of their bodies frozen and thawed to study the resulting untreated gangrene. Humans were also used as living test cases for grenades and flame throwers.

Prisoners were injected with inoculations of disease, disguised as vaccinations, to study their effects. To study the effects of untreated venereal diseases, male and female prisoners were deliberately infected with syphilis and gonorrhea via rape, then studied.

'Body without organs' evisceration initiative was undertaken, alongside other unprecedented explorations into the extreme zones of the human body and its sensations.

Chinese were infected with Bubonic Plague and other Biowarfare toxins such as Anthrax, Syphilis, Typhus and a variety of other biowarfare agents. Victims infected with germ warfare agents were placed in confinement with healthy subjects to see how long it would take for the healthy subjects to become infected and die. Chinese were the human guinea pigs in all these horrific experiments.

Plague-infested fleas, bred in the laboratories of Unit 731 and Unit 1644, were spread by low-flying airplanes upon Chinese cities, coastal Ningbo in 1940, and Changde, Hunan Province, in 1941. This military aerial spraying killed thousands of people with bubonic plague epidemics.

The Japanese Army dropped cholera and typhoid cultures in wells and ponds in various parts of China.  Poison Gas attacks were used on the Chinese. Pingfan had 4,500 flea breeding machines which produced 100 million infected fleas every few days. These fleas, infected with plague, typhoid, cholera and anthrax organisms, were to be dropped on invaded countries to inherit the land without a human population.

Subjects were tied to boards and shielded with metal sheets while a bomb outfitted with the plague or anthrax was exploded before them, then monitored for days as they succumbed to the viruses. Their limbs were frozen and amputated to test hypothermia, blood loss and fighting capacity. 

There were pens where squirrels were bred, a cool room where prisoners were taken to have their limbs frozen, and a boiler room to thaw. Plague and cholera were the two most promising germs. But almost anything else that could kill was tried at one time or another - anthrax, typhoid, dysentery, tuberculosis, syphilis, salmonella, tetanus, gas gangrene, meningitis, yellow fever, glanders (a horse disease), as well as electrocution, freezing to death, fugu fish poison, injections of air, phosgene gas and potassium cyanide 

One documents the time taken to freeze to death three-day-old babies. In another, a man had his leg amputated and his arm sewn on in its place. The blood of horses was injected into people's kidneys.

The scale of Ishii's diabolical ambitions was huge. Enough germs were brewed up here to kill everyone on earth many times over; at full capacity, 300 kilos of plague bacteria were produced every month, 500 kilos of anthrax, and nearly a tonne of dysentery and cholera. At Anda airfield, 150 kilometres north of Harbin, scores of prisoners were tied to stakes in a field while the Japanese Air Force bombarded them with explosive shells, cluster-bombs and aerosols of deadly diseases.

Rats carrying fleas infected with plague were released into the countryside. One record that survived the bonfire shows that Ishii wanted to transport these rats by midget submarine to be released in the streets of invaded countries.

Ishii gave children chocolates laced with anthrax, biscuits laden with plague; he fed prisoners of war typhoid-infected dumplings, and tea, coffee and beer laced with other pathogens. 

Ishii's men infecting hundreds of wells and reservoirs, and scattering germ-dosed wheat and millet around. Within weeks, thousands had died and the town was ravaged by plague, cholera and typhoid for the next seven years. 

A documentary film made about this "success" was shown to appreciative audiences of scientists and military personnel back in Japan.  Jing Fuhe, then a boy of 10, recalls watching in amazement as an extraordinary menagerie of sick animals escaped from the ruins of the death factory - camels, monkeys, rats, bears, squirrels, horses.  

On August 20, Unit 731 let loose sixty horses that had been fed with glanders-infected oats.  These radiated out in different directions tovillages, where they infected other animals.  On that same day, Unit 731 set free thousands of  bubonic plague infected rats. 

No less a witness than Prince Takahito, brother of Emperor Hirohito, confessed in an interview earlier this year that he had seen poison gas experiments and bayonet practice on prisoners.

After Japan’s surrender on August 15, 1945, this facility outside the city of Harbin was set on ﬁre.  The remaining prisoners are gassed.  A mass grave is dug. There will not be a single survivor of the experiments conducted by the 731 Squadron Hand grenades are thrown at the buildings.  



Other buildings are dynamited.  The bodies of the prisoners are put into the mass grave and gasoline is poured over them.  The bodies are set afire.  The rats catch fire and run all over the place.  The Japanese of the 731 evacuate. 

From August 11-15, 1945,  15 trains were were used to transport retreating troops.  The trains passed though An Dong, China and arrived at Pusan, Korea.   August 18-25, 1945.  Squadron members took a boat from Pusan, Korea and arrived at such Japanese ports as Saseho, Ikaruga, Sensaki, etc. 



On September 25, 1945,  Shiro Ishii returned to Japan and stayed at the Tokyo hotel of Wakamatsu in the Shinjuku district. December 1945.  After Shiro Ishii left Tokyo and returned home to Chiba Prefecture, he was arrested by American intelligence officers and brought back to Tokyo.


Dr Shiro Ishii was instructed to reach a "scratch my back"  agreement with the Americans , so that Emperor Hirohito could be immune to war crimes prosecution.   

The Americans informed the Russians that Shiro Ishii and the others responsible for 731 Squadron were missing.  Therefore, they could not be brought to trial for war crimes.  Shiro Ishii died of throat cancer caused by Formalin exposure, in Japan .  

According to Akira Fujiwara, Hirohito personally ratified the proposal by the Japanese Army to remove the constraints of international law on the treatment of Chinese prisoners . Furthermore, the works of Yoshiaki Yoshimi and Seiya Matsuno show that the Emperor authorized, by specific orders (rinsanmei), the use of chemical weapons against the Chinese.



Many historians see Emperor Hirohito as responsible for the atrocities committed by the imperial forces in the Second Sino-Japanese War and in World War II and feel that he, some members of the imperial family such as his brother Prince Chichibu, his cousins Prince Takeda and Prince Fushimi, and his uncles Prince Kan'in, Prince Asaka, and Prince Higashikuni, should have been tried for war crimes. 

In Japan, debate over the Emperor's responsibility was taboo while he was still alive. After his death, 7th Jan 1989 however, debate began to surface over the extent of his involvement and thus his culpability.



According to the Japanese constitution of 1889, the Emperor had a divine power over his country, which was derived from the shinto belief that the Japanese Imperial Family was the offspring of the sun goddess Amaterasu. Hirohito was however persistent in the idea that the emperor of Japan should be considered a descendant of the gods—but he let when when he realized that god or no god, he would be hung, like an ordinary criminal.   

In any case, the "renunciation of divinity" by Emperor Hirohito, was noted more by foreigners than by Japanese, and seems to have been intended for the consumption of the former.The whole idea was USA would get all the biowarfare information without doing it themselves.

The Shinto religion encouraged emperor worship, racism, and military aggression Shinto held the emperor to be divine  because he was deemed to be a descendent of the sun goddess Amaterasu. This    provided justification for requiring the emperor to be worshipped and obeyed.    The second tenet held that Japan was not just a populated geographical feature  in the Pacific Ocean, but a land and people created by the sun goddess, and    accordingly, specially favoured by the ancient gods. Finally, Japan was possessed  of a divine mission to extend its rule and enlightenment to less fortunate races. Two atomic blasts paid put their ambitions.

For the imperial Japanese military, bushido meant dedication of their    lives to the emperor; defeat was viewed as shameful; surrender was dishonourable;    those who surrendered were worthy only of contempt; and compassion for defeated  enemies, male or female, the elderly, or tiny children, was weakness. The last    view was definitely not part of the traditional samurai code of bushido. This perversion of bushido was used to justify countless instances of rape, and the    murder of prisoners of war, women, and even tiny children, in countries conquered  by the Imperial Japanese military.

Barbaric inhuman sufferings committed by thousands of Japanese at UNIT 731 has NEVER been  an option pursued by the Japanese government whereas punishment of geijin (foreigners)and heavy fines in Japan, even for the most trivial matters...is always aggressively pursued...with a 99.9% conviction rate !



I remember flying to Sasebo to join a SCI tanker, which had a fire at the Sasebo drydock in 1982. On the same ship I would be promoted from Chief Officer to Captain. 11 Japanese died in the Engine room fire. This fault was 100% on the side of the Japanese. I remember being shocked at the ferocity of the Japanese police and judiciary. 

The 3rd Engineer and Fitter were scapegoated and under house arrest for nearly a year. I was in Sasebo for 2 months till the ship's engine room was rebuilt from the bottom plates--and we could see the 3rd Engineer and Fitter, at the local park-- where they were taken for a forced walk. We were NOT allowed to talk to them. The Jap judge kept repeating again and again " How is that 11 Japanese died while no Indian died?" 



--why not-- the Jap sh#t dont smell, right ? And if 11 Japanese died , that thousand times more Indians should have died too, right? This is the meaning of Shinto nationalism, and the root cause of the Japanese warped mindset and split personalities.

Nationalism in Japan has its root in Shinto or Shintoism. Every child in Japan is taught from infancy to glorify his national traditions in Shinto. The source of Japanese Shinto mythology is from two sacred books of Japan -- the Kojiki, or Record of Ancient Matters, and the Nihongi (also known as Nihon Shoki), or Chronicles of Japan. These are the two sacred books of Japanese religion, patriotism, and imperialism. They provide a moral and ideological background for leaders as well as subjects to draw inspiration and vision to fulfill their destiny.


What makes the Jap Emperor’s subjects commit a stylized, stomach splitting hara-kiri in honour of him and to fulfill their collective personal duty?  The Emperor, as chief of a contemporary state, is also the high priest in the Shinto religion. Shintoism is the native religion of Japan, primarily a system of nature and ancestor worship which is difficult to understand in our modern society of high technology and industrial efficiency. 

Yet, millions of Japanese continue to visit an estimated 80,000 Shinto shrines throughout Japan -- where they regularly perform rituals that date back to the dawn of civilized history. Thirteen times a year the Emperor of Japan officiates as high priest at major Shinto religious observances. 



A typical worship shows the Emperor advancing to the altar, where he offers the wine and the rice to the gods. Then he recites a prayer of thanksgiving. The Emperor is claimed to have boundless power and this unlimited power is supposed to have been inherited from the Sun Goddess and his ancestors, to whom he is accountable. 

Whenever a Japanese ship is delivered, the Captain has to recite the Shinto prayers and do some bowing before the Shinto deity. The priests look exactly like in the picture below. An altar will be there on the corner of the Navigating bridge. I have done this ceremony several times.



They perceive foreign monarchies as the creation of mere mortals, while Japan has a sacred throne, inherited from the Imperial ancestors and from the gods. Therefore Japanese Imperial rule and the heavenly-created throne are an extension of heaven, and beyond men's powers. there is nothing on the soil of Japan existent independent of him. He is the sole owner of the Empire, the author of law, justice, privilege, and honor, and the symbol of the unity of the Japanese nation. 



He has no pope or archbishop to crown him at his accession. He is supreme in all temporal affairs of State as well as in all spiritual matters; and he is the foundation of Japanese social and civic morality. From him everything emanates; in him everything subsists.



All Japanese pupils bowed in the direction of the Imperial Palace, repeated by heart the long Imperial Rescript on Education, then sang the national anthem, and waited breathlessly for the question, 'What is your dearest ambition?' To which, in passionate unified response, the entire school replied, 'To die for the Emperor!' Emperor Hirohito died on January 7, 1989 and this makes the present Emperor Akihito, the 125th on the lineage, incapable of being deposed.


Obedience to the Shinto gods and the Emperor is pre-eminent. Japanese soldiers are trained and conditioned in their minds that pains and sufferings are immaterial for this struggle. personal loyalty, not to an abstract idea or ideal, but to a feudal overlord, and laterally to the Emperor. Any obstacles are taught to be brutally oppressed, not only for its enemies but themselves as well. 



The indoctrination emphasis is on group loyalty and disregard of the individual, with a willingness to sacrifice their own lives for Japan and the Emperor. To be captured and become a prisoner of war is regarded as being shameful in the highest degree. The Japanese soldier was taught during his first year of service that his mundane life was already forfeited to the Emperor; that to die for the Emperor was his greatest glory, to surrender his greatest disgrace. 



But during his second year, he was taught that merely to commit suicide and die before killing the enemy was also a disgrace; and that he should follow the Samurai code, which taught that even when his head had been chopped off, his head should still jump up and sink its teeth into the throat of the enemy.

Japanese leaders seem to have an almost infinite capacity for self-deception and inability to perceive reality. These attitudes were nourished by the sense of racial superiority which was engendered by the inculcation of the belief in the myths about Japan's divine origin and mission in the world.



Japanese soldiers are capable of ruthless bravery and unlimited self-sacrifice for the greater grand mission as their consecrated destiny. Serving the Emperor would take precedence over every other obligation in feudal Japan, and hundreds of thousands were prompted to join the Army, where it would be easy to persuade them that it was indeed their dearest wish to die for the Emperor, so that the spirit of those who died in battle would indeed fly to the Yasukuni shrine, there to share divinity and rub shoulders with the Emperor himself.



During World War II, samples of radio broadcasts and writings from their leaders reminded their subjects again and again of this higher destiny. Total brainwashing on radio. Among others, it claims,"From the standpoint of Hakko Ichiu, the Emperor of Japan is the Emperor not only of Japan but all the races of the world. Judging from the present condition of our Imperial Majesty, he is the Emperor of Japan alone at the present time, but his Majesty of Japan is the Emperor of the world, for the spirit of Hakko Ichiu has been the traditional principle of our nation. To have the Hakko liberated is the traditional desire of each Emperor of Japan" -- (Tadahiko Imaizumi over Tokyo Radio, October 12, 1942).



The arrival of the atomic bombs brought an end to the war quickly. Japan came out of the war defeated, its Empire gone, its fighting force destroyed, its cities and manufacturing capacities annihilated. Japan's political and military leaders were being tried and humiliated by the International Military Tribunal but, ironically, among the subjugated, the Emperor alone remains, uninjured and perseveres without his influence tarnished. See he made a nice deal for himself with Rothschild ( to hell with his own PM who would be hung ) –a deal befitting of a Shinto god, right?

WRONG!

It is the Internet age. No secrets can be buried for long. They will get exhumed sooner rather than later.

During the Second World war, the Japanese soldiers were anything but honorable – yet they talk about honour.


The quintessential  German soldiers from cultured families, did his best to be honorable and follow the laws of Geneva Convention!  Unlike the Japanese, German soldiers would do their best to take care of prisoners of war they captured(even when they lacked the supplies to do so)! German soldiers were disgusted by the concept of slaughtering and raping inhabitants of places they conquered, and rarely did they commit rape and slaughter in the areas they had invaded!   


Germans were the ones who put a stop to Ante Pavelic, the Catholic Croat henchman of Pope Pius Pacelli XII.  Yet, Rothschild put the tally of Ante Pavelic’s sadistic killings on Hitler’s account—to pump the tally to 6 million, and carve it on stone. In the haste to carve out the state of Israel—see how falsehood has won over truth—and that too for so long!



Not even the Waffen SS (Who committed most of the German armies war crimes) was prone to mistreatment of POWs and brutal treatment of inhabitants of countries that Germany conquered! In fact,the Waffen SS thought slaughtering and raping local inhabitants was bad for military discipline! Even when they were hopelessly losing the war and sliding to sure defeat.



German soldiers still followed the Geneva Convention and acted honorably in the last days of WW2! Also, unlike what most Americans carried away by Rothschild propaganda think, the typical German soldier was NOT a Nazi at heart.  Most German soldiers resented war crimes and racism towards Jews and Gypsies. 

Germ warfare was too revolting even for Adolf Hitler; he issued orders that no research was to be conducted in the Third Reich.




This American Jewish lobby propaganda that all German soldiers were evil Nazi rapists and  murderers while  most Japanese soldiers were brave honorable men who deserved respect—is done going down to its grave –right here!  

SLLAAAMMMMM !

All this for the state of Israel and some mangy bio-warfare secrets?





A Jap soldier when asked by the Soviets why he felt no guilt or shame raping and killing women. He replied : " Because I was fighting for the emperor. He was a god; in the name of the emperor we could do whatever we wanted against the Chinese." Meanwhile the god-emperor of Japan spent most of his time secluded behind the walls of his palace.


How did the family Rothschild and their secret brethren establish hegemony over the Japanese ?

Rothschild’s would send Commodore Matthew Calbraith Perry sailing into Yokohama. He played a leading role in the opening of Japan to the West with the Convention of Kanagawa in 1854 . Rothschild wrangled a special rank for Perry.  


Perry received the title of Commodore in June 1840, when the Secretary of the Navy appointed him commandant of New York Navy Yard. The United States Navy did not have ranks higher than captain until 1862. So the first title of commodore , meant something, right?



Crypto Jew US President Millard Fillmore sent Perry to Japan.  Rothschilds American opium agents shipping interests had become more keen on opening Japan up to outside trade because it would allow them to stop for supplies en route to China and Southeast Asia.  Rothschild’s British East India Company shipping wanted opening of China to trade as an example of the "benefits of new trade markets." 



Above :comfort women being shipped to Rabaul.

Fillmore, with help from Secretary of State Daniel Webster, sent Commodore Matthew C. Perry to open Japan to Western trade. Though Perry did not reach Japan until Franklin Pierce had replaced Fillmore as president,Fillmore does earn the credit for ending Japanese isolation because it was he who ordered the trade mission.



Commodore Perry was the father-in-law of August Belmont- the Rothschild’s agent in America.  

August Belmont, was the illegitimate son of Baron Karl Meyer Rothschild of the Rothschild branch in Naples, Italy.  

August Belmont married Caroline Perry on November 7th, 1849.

A 16-year old emperor, MEJII, had just taken the Japanese throne.  His advisors, bribed by Rothschild, sought to modernize Japan  while adopting their foreign technologies and adapting their ways of thinking, too.  From the British, they patterned their new Navy.  Along Prussian line, they built a new conscript army. The Rothschild Central banking system,  a legal system and a parliament were created.  

Nothing would have been known of all above but for a fortuitous incident.  In 1984 a student browsing through a second-hand book store in Kanda , Japan, came across certain of Unit 731's records. There was a box discarded by the family of a dead Jap officer connected to Unit 731. 

The United States at last relented in their secrecy in 1993, when US Defense Secretary William Perry declassified a few documents pertaining to WWII experiments.



The young modern generation Japanese who still refuse to take responsibility for their grandfathers' cruelty.  You should see the way they come to Rabaul Island and lie with their face down inside the tunnels dug by Indian INA soldiers , who were eaten up by their ancestors. Their ancestors on this island never ever reciprocated fair play.


It is high time Japanese schools and the parents of Japanese children, teach the values of compassion, fairplay, charity and kindness .  The Emperors will NOT urge these values. It is no wonder that a lot of Japanese pray in secrecy to Indian elephant God Ganesha--whose idols they keep dipped in oil to prevent anybody else from seeing the deity.

My Japanese readers should NOT get upset with this post. Use this post to center yourself , to retrospect and to LIBERATE YOURSELF.   There is NO liberation while in denial.



Make your Japanese Govt officially accept responsibilityand apologize for holding hundreds of  thousands of  women as military sex slaves during World War II.  This denial or silence will NOT do. Make sure your Japanese school textbooks have a few paras about military sex slaves and cannibalism at Rabaul  during WW II. Educate the present and future generations about your sordid past, so that they can atone and repent.


Next time your Prime Minister pays  homage to Japan's worst war criminals at the infamous Yasukuni Shinto Shrine in Tokyo – tell him that he is doing something wrong—and that the whole world is watching. 




Next time you fight with China, just imagine what will happen to you and your country. 

If you have difficulty in digesting all this, imagine that Chinese will declare their leader to be God--  then will come to Tokyo tomorrow,  and do exactly the same criminal atrocities to Japanese people. 





Hate is the root cause of  genocide.  Hate escalates through a series of  emotions and actions which can lead to the ﬁnal act of  genocide. Beginning with prejudice and stereotyping, discrimination, bigotry, and scapegoating, hate progresses to acts of  violence which can become state sponsored atrocities, massacres and ultimately genocide. An example is the genocides of  Armenians and Roma (gypsies).  Prejudice is a universal human phenomenon. Race is a social, rather than biological, construct.  When unopposed, hate sometimes escalates into violence and genocide. 



But all this is vastly different. Japanese  felt they had been granted freedom to act without restraint by divine right.


In 1956, the US President Jew Eisenhower pressed SEDITION CHARGES  against John W. Powell, his wife Sylvia, and Julian Schuman,  who had published the above truth.  

Thank god for the Internet




Above picture: Japanese Prime Minister hung-- Emperor is exonerated!

Epilogue:--


"I looked through the peepholes in the cells," says Shinozuka, a Japanese doctor who testified. "It was a terrible sight. There were people who were sick, people with no arms, no legs. Everyone died within a month at the most - not one survived. I would usually wait until their hearts stopped beating, and then I performed autopsies on them in great detail."



I DO HOPE THIS POST MAKES THIS PLANET A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE IN-- IN FUTURE.

Desmond M. Tutu, Anglican Archbishop of Cape Town and 1984 Nobel Peace Prize Laureate, wrote: "To sweep under the carpet the atrocities which occurred in Nanking in 1937 and 1938 and turn a blind eye to the truth is at best a gross disservice to future generations and at worst ... criminally negligent and irresponsible. . . . It is necessary to know the truth of what happened in Nanking in order that the perpetrators might accept their wrongdoing and seek reconciliation."

At Unit 731, Dr Shiro Ishii tried several open heart transplants from one living person to another living person ( and also using a pig's heart ). 


Dr Ishii tried various steroid stress experiments on one single kidney. He did a lot of research on blood Rh ( +/-) group incompatibilities, spinal fluid tests, brain mapping , hibernation experiments , clotting experiment,  human tissue based plastic surgery, breast reconstruction, penile implants, open brain pineal gland experiments, experiments on open amygdala and after removing amygdala,  chemicals to slow down rejection time of ripped out body parts to be transplanted , experiments by severing neural connection between spinal cord and gut, REM in fetus,  vagus nerve and amygdala stimulation, reverse umbilical cord data, motor rections with left and right brainlobe connection severed, umblical cord stem cells experiments, lung scarring ,saving severed body limbs by temporary easy and quick attachments elsewhere on the body  etc -- on live and opened up patients, without anesthesia.





Above video--during the Haiti earthquake in 2010-- Israelis Jews were caught with BODY ORGANS.








Thought:  All those who think that Dr Christiaan Barnard could have done the world's first heart transplant if he worked in Switzerland,  instead of apartheid South Africa , full of slaves without rights -- pl raise your hands!

Dr Barnard  ( whose mother's name was Maria Elisabeth de Swart and father’s name was Adam Hendrik Barnard.)-- was a vociferous and LOUD critic of the apartheid regime and fought for equal rights for the blacks in South Africa --   

--   if so why did he NOT get the Nobel Prize for a truly epic event-- the world's FIRST open heart transplant ?  

All those who know the answer, please raise your hands !








We in India know what happened in China during the Japanese invasion due to communications from some Indian friends of China .  

“The eternal tale of Dr. Kotnis”  is a 1946 Indian film made in Hindi as well as English and directed by V. Shantaram.  The film is based on the life of Dwarkanath Kotnis, an Indian surgeon who worked in China during the Japanese invasion in World War II.

The film was based on the story 'And One Did Not Come Back', by Khwaja Ahmad Abbas.

Dr. Kotnis was sent to China by Jawaharlal Nehru ( on request from China ) at the age of 27 during the Second World War to provide medical assistance to the troops fighting against the Japanese invasion in Yenan province.  He was a surgeon and his 5 years of life in China was full of stark suffering , blood , gangrene and broken bones .



To maintain his sanity he married  a Chinese girl Ching Lan.  His main triumph was curing a virulent plague. He succumbed to the plague himself at the age of 32.  After 72 hours of non-stop surgery he just shook with epilepsy and dropped down dead .

Mao Zedong paid handsome tribute “ Our army has lost a helping hand, the Chinese nation has lost a great friend ”




Of the medical team of five doctors ( M. Atal, M. Cholkar, D. Kotnis, B.K. Basu and D. Mukerji)  who went to China in 1938, all  except Dr. Kotnis, returned to India safely.

It is a honoured tradition of every visiting Chinese head of state to express gratitude to the family of family of selfless Dr Dwarkanath Kotnis.


See pictures below.  

Dont throw up.  

These pictures are of a popular Japanese "Cannibal " restaurant. 

The fare is NOT human however--but some other foods . Shows warped DNA program.
********************************************************************
NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA, YOGA, AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

NITRIC OXIDE IN AGNIHOTRA,  YOGA,  AYURVEDA AND THE VEDAS-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

One of my readers by the name of Chanchal accused me of penning all  "light weight"  topics in the recent past. 

Well I have to cater to all types of readers. 

Some love to read light topics-- Dhimaag pe tension nahi maangta !

Let me choose a HEAVY subject -- Nitric Oxide .

Recently India's best selling author(sic), Chetan Bhagat was set up by a Indian foreign funded TV channel to finger -- nay ambush , Yoga guru, Ramdev in a Conclave full of important celebrities -- by asking him if he can cure homosexuality.

Ramdev had said somewhere that he can cure addictions and vices by Yoga.

So in prime time Walmart lover and "all that is phoren" lover  , Chetan Bhagat , found it necessary to insult a respected guest speaker --

-- and that would have made Hindu basher WTE ( waitress turned empress ) and her cotiere of pseudo Hindus who love the Queen Bee more than their mother land , very happy-- not to speak of Vatican.

So I dedicate this post to all those PUSSIES who look at themselves in the mirror and see a lion.



So, my dear PUSSIES -- here we go!

In Hinduism our king mantra is OM. The Christians lifted it and made it AMEN, which does NOT work.

In all my previous posts I have explained that chanting OM boosts the production of Nitric Oxide in the body. I did NOT expound the Chemical gas Nitric Oxide-- I shall do so now.



Mind you, recently 3 scientists were given the Nobel prize for Nitric Oxide, which is lifted from Vedas. The father of Indian medicine Susruta knew about Nitric Oxide as early as 4200 BC.

Punch into Google search FATHER OF MEDICINE , SUSHRUTA- VADAKAYIL.



I had written about Agnihotra , which is a ancient Hindu Homan --which involves cow shit, ghee , rice and a copper urn. 


And a lot of the psuedo intelligenstia sort of went -- YECH!

This post is for these PUSSIES too.

Punch into Google search AGNIHOTRA VADAKAYIL.

For production of Nitric Oxide in the body I has written a post ( for DNA strand repair and mutation after 21st Dec 2012 ) . Punch into Google search SO HAM MANTRA VADAKAYIL.

I had written about human hibernation ( who nobody has cracked till now --and who ever cracks it will get the Nobel Prize ) ,how Nitric Oxide works in tandem with Hydrogen Sulphide.

Punch into Google search HIBERNATION VADAKAYIL.

Getting to the point--

What is this Nitric Oxide?  What makes it the cat's whiskers of future medicine and research ?

Nitric oxide is a molecule that our body produces to help its 50 trillion cells communicate with each other by transmitting signals throughout the entire body.


People with diabetes usually have lower levels of Nitric oxide than patients without diabetes.

Treating cut flowers and other plants with Nitric oxide has been shown to lengthen the time before wilting.

The Opiate drug Morphine , the addictive pain killer, works by an increase in Nitric Oxide release.

Nitroglycerin and Amyl Nitrite tablets serve as vasodilators because they are converted to Nitric Oxide in the body, to ease angina pain ( heart pain ).

Viagra which gives old lecherous rich men a hard on , works due to its action on Nitric oxide.



In London 2012 Olympics, you saw weight lifters smelling something very strong, seconds before a final lift. Well this is Nitric Oxide gas-- and this is real chemical cheating. They cant be caught as the effect wears away before the lab test.

Actors like Hritik Roshan, Sharukh Khan , Amir Khan etc suddenly pop up within a month with great muscles and sixpacks,  due to Nitric oxide steroid supplements specially made for athletes and bodybuilders.  These chemicals are bad for health.  But Nitric Oxide produced by the body chemical factory is natural, healthy and without side effects.

AAAHA! I can see that all of you men, women, the gender challenged-- all are wide awake now -- and are droolin' for a piece of the Nitric Oxide pie!

Right, time to get scientific! So here we go--

Nitrogen constitutes 78 percent of Earth's atmosphere and is a constituent of all living tissues. Nitrogen is an essential element for life, because it is a constituent of DNA and, as such, is part of the genetic code.

Nitric oxide is a gas that affects blood vessels.  It is a simple molecule, having two atoms - nitrogen and oxygen.  But it does an incredible array of things.  Our blood vessels make nitric oxide. It's a potent and facile dilator.

Nitric oxide or nitrogen monoxide, molecule has the chemical formula NO.  It is a free radical and is an important intermediate in the chemical industry.



When the human body reaches the age of 27 years, the secretion of nitric oxide is at its peak. As you get  older and the production of nitric oxide in the human body declines gradually, more from age 42 onwards.

Nitric oxide is a by-product of combustion of substances in the air,  as in automobile engines, fossil fuel power plants, and is produced naturally during the electrical discharges of lightning in thunderstorms.

In mammals including humans, NO is an important cellular signaling molecule involved in many physiological and pathological processes. It is a powerful vasodilator with a short half-life of a few seconds in the blood.

Nitric oxide controls blood flow in our body.  It controls our vascular resistance , the blood pressure . When your body produces sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, then your blood vessels are relaxed, and your blood pressure is low.   

Conversely if you're not making enough or Nitric Oxide production is inactivated,  then  your blood vessels become contracted and your blood pressure shoots up.  So this is an important feature of the blood vessels is its  ability to control its own diameter automatically.


The endothelium (inner lining) of blood vessels uses Nitric oxide to signal the surrounding smooth muscle to relax, thus resulting in vasodilation and increasing blood flow. Nitric oxide is highly reactive (having a lifetime of a few seconds), yet diffuses freely across membranes.

Nitric oxide is part of the body's self-defense mechanism.It can defend against bacteria.  It also defends against tumor cells.  Nitric Oxide in higher concentrations can actually halt the growth of cells or can halt bacterial growth, so it's a defense against infection. Macrophages, certain cells of the immune system, produce Nitric oxide in order to kill invading bacteria.

It is a defense against tumor and cancer. It is a defense against hardening of the arteries too.           

Normally, in a young person who does not have hardened arteries,  the blood vessels make sufficient amounts of Nitric oxide, and there is no need to take any medicine. When people get old and have heart problems due to hardened arteries and angina pain, you can give Nitric oxide -  (nitroglycerin in a pill kept under the tongue ).

Or you can improve the release of Nitric oxide from the blood vessels themselves and enhance the body's ability to make Nitric oxide, or for the matter, protect Nitric oxide from being broken down.

Nitric oxide - is our self-defense system against athrosclerosis.  The endothelial lining of the blood vessel is like Teflon.  It keeps things from sticking to the vessel wall.  The reason it has this property of Teflon is because it releases nitric oxide, so it's a non-sticky surface because it's releasing nitric oxide, which not only relaxes the blood vessel but also prevents things from sticking to the vessel.

Nitric Oxide is of critical importance as a mediator of vasodilation in blood vessels.  The vasodilatory actions of Nitric oxide plays a key role in renal control of extracellular fluid homeostasis and is essential for the regulation of blood flow and blood pressure.

Nitroglycerin, Amyl nitrite, "poppers" (isobutyl nitrite or similar) and other nitrite derivatives are used in the treatment of heart disease and Angine pectoris.  The compounds get converted to Nitric oxide which in turn dilates the coronary artery (blood vessels around the heart), thereby increasing its blood supply. These drugs, however, are predominantly venodilators, dilating peripheral veins and hence reducing venous return and preload to the heart. 

This reduces the oxygen requirement of the myocardium and subsequently lessens the heart pain. By dilating (expanding) the veins, Nitric oxide drugs lower arterial pressure and left ventricular filling pressure.This vasodilation does not decrease the volume of blood the heart pumps, but rather it decreases the force the heart muscle must exert to pump the same volume of blood. 

The interior surface (endothelium) of your arteries produce nitric oxide. When plaque builds up in your arteries, called atherosclerosis, you reduce your capacity to produce Nitric oxide, which is why physicians prescribe nitroglycerin for heart and stroke patients.

As I said before Nitric Oxide plays a role in erection of the penis. The vasodilatatory effect of Nitric Oxide plays a vital role in the development and maintenance of a penile erection.   Vasodilation of blood vessels results in more blood flowing in and hence erection. This is the biological basis of Sildenafil (Viagra), which works to inhibit the enzyme phosphodiesterase PDE5.   



Basically Viagra, stimulates erections primarily by enhancing signaling through the nitric oxide pathway in the penis. Old guys with with atherosclerosis, diabetes, or hypertension often show impaired Nitric Oxide pathways— and hence, sorry,  NO hop!


Nitric oxide also serves as a neurotransmitter between nerve cells, part of its general role in redox signaling. Unlike most other neurotransmitters that only transmit information from a presynaptic to a postsynaptic neuron, the small, uncharged, and fat-soluble nitric oxide molecule can diffuse widely and readily enters cells.

Nitric oxide is an important neurotransmitter in various parts of the gastrointestinal tract. It causes relaxation of the gastrointestinal smooth muscle. In the stomach it increases the capacity of the fundus to store food and fluids.

Nitric oxide acts on cardiac muscle to decrease contractility and heart rate. Nitric oxide contributes to the regulation of cardiac contractility. Evidence suggests that coronary artery disease (CAD) is related to defects in generation or action of Nitric Oxide.  

Reduced levels of exhaled Nitric Oxide have been associated with exposure to traffic related air pollution. Nitric Oxide is required for division and proliferation after DNA damage has been repaired. A gene was described that increases nitric oxide production after UV radiation.

Diminished supply of nitric oxide can lead to vascular damage, such as endothelial dysfunction and vascular inflammation. Vascular damage can lead to decreased blood flow to the extremities, causing the diabetic patient to be more likely to develop Neuropathy, non-healing ulcers, and be at a greater risk for lower limb amputation. 


Diabetes patients have less Nitric Oxide. They don’t have good sensation;  they tend not to know where their feet are in space and they trip over the curb.  Nitric oxide regulates wound healing and tendon healing. 

Dietary nitrate is an important source of Nitric oxide in mammals.  Green, leafy vegetables, lettuce, and some root vegetables (such as beetroot) have high concentrations of nitrate. When eaten and absorbed into the bloodstream nitrate is concentrated in saliva (about 10 fold) and is reduced to nitrite on the surface of the tongue by a biofilm of commensal facultative anaerobic bacteria. 

This nitrite is swallowed and reacts with acid and reducing substances in the stomach (such as ascorbate) to produce high concentrations of nitric oxide. The purpose of this mechanism to create Nitric oxideis for sterilization of swallowed food,  to prevent food poisoning and to maintain gastric mucosal blood flow. 

A similar mechanism is protects the skin from fungal infections, where nitrate in sweat is reduced to nitrite by skin commensal organisms and then to Nitric Oxide on the slightly acidic skin surface.

A major natural source of Nitric Oxide is lightning. The use of internal combustion engines has drastically increased the presence of nitric oxide in the environment. One purpose of catalytic converters in cars is to minimize Nitric Oxide emission by catalytic reversion to O2 and N2.

Nitric oxide is rapidly oxidised in air to nitrogen dioxide. When exposed to oxygen, Nitric oxide is converted into nitrogen dioxide.

2 NO + O2 → 2 NO2

In water, Nitric oxide reacts with oxygen and water to form HNO2 or nitrous acid.

4 NO + O2 + 2 H2O → 4 HNO2

In the laboratory, Nitric oxide is conveniently generated by reduction of dilute nitric acid with copper:
8 HNO3 + 3 Cu → 3 Cu(NO3)2 + 4 H2O + 2 NO

Nitric oxide in the air may convert to Nitric acid, which has been implicated in acid rain. However, it is an important source of nutrition for plant life in the form of nitrates. Furthermore, both NO and NO2 participate in ozone layer depletion. 


Nitric oxide is a small highly diffusible gas and a ubiquitous bioactive molecule. It is a known bioproduct in almost all type of organisms, ranging from bacteria to plants, fungi and animal cells.

Nitric oxide concentration can be determined using a simple chemiluminescent reaction involving ozone. A sample containing nitric oxide is mixed with a large quantity of ozone. The nitric oxide reacts with the ozone to produce oxygen and nitrogen dioxide. 

This reaction also produces light (chemiluminescence), which can be measured with a photodetector. The amount of light produced is proportional to the amount of nitric oxide in the sample.

NO + O3 → NO2 + O2 + light

Nitric oxide therapy has the potential to significantly increase the quality of life and, in some cases, save the lives of infants at risk for pulmonary vascular disease. Currently in the United States nitric oxide is a gas available in 100 ppm and 800 ppm concentrations.

Nitric oxide is a compound produced by many cells of the body.  When inhaled, nitric oxide dilates the pulmonary vasculature, and because of efficient scavenging by hemoglobin, has minimal effect on the vasculature of the entire body.



Nitric oxide is absorbed systemically after inhalation. Most of it move across the pulmonary capillary bed where it combines with hemoglobin that is 60% to 100% oxygen-saturated.

Nitrate has been identified as the predominant nitric oxide metabolite excreted in the urine, accounting for >70% of the nitric oxide dose inhaled. Nitrate is cleared from the plasma by the kidney .

Nitric Oxide improves blood and plasma circulation and thus increases nutrient flow to the cells..  It  decreases oedema and swelling as lymph drainage happens better.  If somebody has an infection, you can get the anti-biotic more easily to the site of the infection and kill the bacteria or virus.  Nitric Oxide restores blood flow to nerves, nerves which may be responsible for pain.


Yoga will increase the natural nitric oxide levels in the body as by exercising an enzyme production increases in the body which has a tendency of producing nitric oxide. 

Muscle gain can be achieved by nitric oxide and this is why body builders are involved in the nitric oxide supplement consumption more.

Nitric oxide makes the immune system of our body stronger and gives a fast recovery to the body in case of any ruptures.  Nitric Oxide is absolutely crucial to your well-being and is regarded as the most significant molecule in the body.  It stimulates your brain , and you wont be a DUD with Alzheimers . 

Nitric Oxide is almost as important to humans as oxygen. More blood flow means better oxygen transfer and more energy. Nitric Oxide also has important properties in the immune system where  it helps us fight off infections. It is important in the nervous system where it helps our brain cells communicate properly.

It can reverse cardiovascular impairment naturally and age-proof your cardiovascular system.  It's the body's way of preventing strokes and heart attacks. Nitric oxide  helps blood vessels relax and allows more blood to reach heart and organs.



Nitric oxide is naturally produced in the body and is known as a “messenger molecule,” because it helps the cells of the body communicate with one another. Nitric oxide levels tend to decline as we age. This is especially true for those who eat junk Western GM foods.

Increasing nitric oxide has become the new secret weapon for athletes and bodybuilders. Athletes are now taking supplements with L-arginine and L-citrulline to increase the flow of blood and oxygen to the skeletal muscle which can augment strength and endurance. 


They also use them to facilitate the removal of exercise-induced lactic acid build-up which reduces fatigue and recovery time. Since arginine levels become depleted during exercise, the entire arginine-nitric oxide - citrulline loop can lose efficiency, causing less-than-ideal Nitric oxide levels and higher lactate levels. Supplements can help restore this loop allowing for better workouts and faster recovery from workouts.



People with Piriformis Syndrome ( sciatic nerve ) pay attention--as Nitric oxide is anti-inflammatory . IR light can also increase Nitric Oxide and reduce spot pain.  Eat Nitric Oxide rich foods like lettuce , spinach ( like Popeye ) and beetroot. It improves sleep at night, and so you wont feel the dull pain.


Modern science has NOT yet found out the partnership between Nitric Oxide and Hydrogen Sulphide, which was known to Indian 7000 years ago.   

Like H2S , Nitric Oxide is a bio signaler.  Hydrogen sulfide (H2S),  from cow dung has its own certain functions similar to those of nitric oxide (NO), is actually a partner with NO in growing new blood vessels .  

People with diabetes usually have lower levels of Nitric oxide than patients without diabetes.  Both H2S and NO relaxes blood vessels-- and the miracle part is that they share the job, in a QUID PRO QUO manner, and a Tamas-Rajas (Yin-Yang..) manner.

In Alzheimer's disease the brain's hydrogen sulfide concentration is severely decreased.


Urumi wounds caused ingress of toxic metals ( like lead )  into the body which numbs the arms and wrist due to a palsied state—and the Kalari warrior is unable to take up arms again.  In 6000 year old Ayurveda Ayurveda Nitrate of Silver and Iodide of Potassium were used for instant cure.




Silver iodide, a powerful antiseptic , is prepared by reaction of an iodide solution (e.g., potassium iodide) with a solution of silver ions (e.g., silver nitrate). ).  A blight yellow  solid quickly precipitates.  

This was used in Agnihotra yagnas to seed clouds and produce rain.




Annaad-bhavanti bhuutaani parjanyaad-anna sambhavah,
yagnyaad-bhavati parjanyo yagnyah karma samudbhavah  - BHAGAWAT GITA 4000 BC ( Vyasa )

Lord Krishna tells a despondant Arjuna , just before the Mahabharata battle 6000 year ago, :- Life is born from food, food is produced by rain, rain is produced by performing yagna and that yagnya is performed by doing Karma.
  
The silver iodide changes the composition of ultracold water in the clouds, turning the liquid into snow or ice, which then falls to the ground.

Silver iodide is an inorganic compound with the formula AgI.   In modern times Silver iodide is used in cloud seeding.. 
  
For release by aircraft, silver iodide flares are ignited and dispersed as an aircraft flies through the inflow of a cloud.  When released by devices on the ground, the fine particles are carried downwind and upward by air currents after release. 

 China used cloud seeding in Beijing just before the 2008 Olympic Games in order to clear the air of  severe smog.
  



To know more about urumi- the DEADLIEST WEAPON on this planet.




Punch into Google search-
KALARIPAYATTU , THE OLDEST AND THE DEADLIEST MARTIAL ART VADAKAYIL
  
And to know more about how ancient Indians dabbled in Silver ions and colloids –
********************************************************************
DEMOCRACY AND ELECTIONS WITH A CONSCIENCE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


A CONSCIENCE VOTE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




IN INDIA WE OFTEN LUMP DEMOCRACY DOWN OUR THROATS.

WHEN WE GO TO THE POLLING BOOTH TO CAST OUR VOTE , WE ARE GIVEN ROTTEN EGGS TO CHOOSE FROM .

MOST OF THE CANDIDATES WE ARE FORCED TO CHOOSE FROM --ARE CRIMINALS,  DESH DROHIS  (WHO ARE LOYAL TO A LEADER WHO IS A FOREIGN PLANT-- NOT TO THE MOTHERLAND) ,  OR SONS OF BIT#HES OF THE FIRST ORDER.

THERE MUST BE A SYSTEM WHERE YOU CAN CAST A BLANK VOTE, WHICH COUNTS--AS A "CONSCIENCE VOTE".

IF THE BLANK VOTES GET A MAJORITY -- THEN ALL THE CANDIDATES MUST BE CHANGED ,  AND RE-ELECTIONS HELD.





Never betray Bharat Mata's trust in you , or your own conscience - Capt Ajit Vadakayil.





Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
THE VETO POWER OF CONSCIENCE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
CONSCIENCE, YOUR INNER COMPASS- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Conscience is the sentinel of virtue.-- Johann Kaspar Lavater 


34 years ago, in 1978, as a young Second Officer, I went for the movie Saturday Night Fever, in Lisbon with my Chief Officer.

After the movie, the Chief Officer commented tersely " What a bull shit movie-- we wasted our time!".

I told him " I expect this movie to be a hit with the western audiences. They wont know why they like this movie, but they will make it a hit".

I was proved right, for this movie became a mega hit.

Two months later , Chief Officer asked me , how I knew this movie would appeal to the western audiences.

I told him, there was a 20 second scene in this movie which was entirely HEART WARMING. But even after 3 decades when this movie is forgotten and no more reviews are written, I still do NOT expect a single review by any critic to put his finger on this "conscience episode ".

How right I am today - after 34 years.

Now, I want you to watch the video below-- and see how it warms your heart. And then you will understand what I meant in the movie Saturday Night Fever.



For the tube lights, who still have NOT got it--I provide the transcript below. By the war Christiano Ronaldo is the world's best paid soccer player.  He currently plays for Real Madrid with a buy out clause of 1000 million EUROS  in his contract. He has 51 million followers on face book.



Here is the transcript--



"I have to thank my old friend Albert Fantrau for my success.

We played together for the same team in the U-18 championship.When Sporting Lisbon's manager came to see us he said that : "Who score's more goals will come in our academy".

"We won that match 3-0.  I scored the first goal then Albert scored the second with a great header. But the third goal was impressive for all of us.  Albert was 1 on 1 against the goalkeeper , he skilled the goalkeeper and i was running in front of him.  

All he has to do was to score but he passed to me and i scored the third goal , so i went to the Sporting Lisbon academy.

After the match i met him and i said to him  Why ? .. he said that "You are better than me" ..

"Many journalists went to Albert's house and asked him if it was a true story. He said yes. He also said that his career as a player after the match ended and now is unemployed.

"But how did you build this house so great, you have a car? You seem like a rich man. You also keep your family .. From where did this come from? '

Albert more proudly replied: "It is by Ronaldo!


Yes , you got it right, the word is CONSCIENCE.



So in the movie Saturday Night Fever, we have starring John Travolta as Tony Manero.


Saturday Night Fever is a 1977 American dance film directed by John Badham and starring John Travolta as Tony Manero,

Saturday Night Fever made disco ubiquitous in 1978. It became a fad .

Tony is an immature young man whose weekends are spent visiting a local Brooklyn discotheque as a form of escape from the daily grind.  While in the disco, Tony is the king. Every body adored him there for his spirited dancing skills . 

His care-free youth and weekend dancing help him to temporarily forget the reality of his life-- a dead end job, clashes with his unsupportive and squabbling parents, racial tensions in the local community, and his associations with a gang of macho friends.

Every Saturday after his work a in a Brooklyn paint store, Tony douses himself with Brut cologne, dons a floral bodyshirt, gabardine pants and platform shoes - and ritualistically prepares himself for "Saturday Night Fever."  at Odyssey, the local disco club.

One day there is a dance contest. Tony is expected to win with his partner Stephanie Mangano . Tony and Stephanie dance at the competition and end up winning first prize. 

However, Tony believes that a Puerto Rican couple performed better, and the judges' decision were biased towards him as a form of racism. 

 He hands over his trophy to the Puerto Rican couple, and walks off the discotheque.


This part of the movie runs through very fast and nobody even notices it-- but they all feel good when they walk out of the movie hall , despite so many depressing incidents after this dance contest.



Christianity with all its Inquisitions and materialism , has never really addressed the DHARMA of listening to that inner voice, which comes as a sudden spark of divinity. When you convert people from other religions with missionaries aggressively harvesting by shoving sops down hapless throats, conscience takes a back seat.


Fanaticism has never slept in Christianity , it has never been stopped by conscience nor has it ever pressed conscience into its service.

After you finish reading this post I want you to punch into Google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL- VADAKAYIL.

Nowadays you find the John Galt pledge being aggressively pursued on the Internet, with some Indian Hindu names too in the list.  I guess these are the ungrateful types who throw away their aged parents from their homes.  An man with conscience can never be ungrateful.

So, what is this pledge?

The John fu#kin' Galt Pledge--

"I swear by my life, and my love of it, that I will never live for the sake of another man, nor ask another man to live for mine."

“I take this pledge as a personal Declaration of Independence.  As a sovereign individual, I assert the exclusive right to my life, my liberty and my property, as guaranteed in the U.S. Constitution. As government is properly instituted to protect my rights, I oppose, and declare as unconstitutional, all actions taken by government that violate the very rights it is charged with defending.  I support a return to the principle of individualism upon which this country was founded.  And rejecting any initiation of the use of force as being wholly inappropriate, I support a society based strictly upon voluntary association and free trade among its people”.


ATTABOYS! and ATTAGIRLS!!

Ayn Rand who wrote ATLAS SHRUGGED , who has John Galt as the capitalist hero, was a mistress of Rothschild.



Western culture shaped by Christianity and “our way of life “ culture , education and custom has promoted selfishness rather than fellow-feeling. Christian shallow view of conscience is  'God gave us our conscience so we would know when we break His Law; the guilt we feel when we do something wrong tells us that we need to repent.'

Yes and then you have to run to a priest to confess, who will now sink his hooks on you, after making your feel more guilty — and only he can save you now. When you have a bigot with a curved staff holding a hot line between you and your god, then I suggest you must fear virtue more than vice. Because the, its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience.


The right of conscience does not allow a Christian or a Muslimto arbitrarily disagree with gospel teaching and claim that one is acting in accordance with conscience. Some Catholics and Muslims appeal to conscience in order to justify dissent. The Catholic Church and the Koran has warned that "rejection of the authority and gospel teaching...can be at the source of errors in judgment in moral conduct".  When Christianity and Islam says that theirs is the only true path which other religions have missed , what it is all about?


In Hinduism it is your conscience, which arose out of awakened consciousness which connects you to the greater metaphysical unity.  

In the literary traditions of the Upanishads, Brahma Sutras and the Bhagavad Gita, conscience is the label given to attributes composing knowledge about virtues and vices but also good and evil, that a soul acquires from the completion of acts and consequent accretion of karma over many lifetimes. 


According to Adi Shankara in his Vivekachudamani morally right action (characterised as humbly and compassionately performing the primary duty of good to others without expectation of material or spiritual reward), helps "purify the heart" and provide mental tranquility but it alone does not give us "direct perception of the Reality". 

This knowledge requires discrimination between the eternal and non-eternal and eventually a realization in contemplation that the true self merges in a universe of pure consciousness. Hence, the awareness of vice and virtue is inherent in the soul, allowing it to be tested fairly in the life of this world and tried. 


This is a religion without fundamentals or lack of compulsions. You cannot get ex-communicated for NOT toeing the rigid line. You are allowed to use your conscience, which is fairly fluid. Gratitude is inherent and woven into Hinduism , which makes this religion noble. 

Divorce rate within Hindus is the lowest in the world. The sacred fire serves as a witness to the vows exchanged between the bride and the bridegroom. A true Hindu will not exploit vulnerability. This is why India has never attacked any other country in the past history, but has been invaded again and again and again.  

Hinduism does not allow you to breach a trust. Sanatana as “eternal moral order” encourages Hindus to seek  moral truth wherever it might be found, each individual must realize this truth through his or her own systematic effort.   Sanatana means " that which holds eternal Vedic knowledge"-- encompassing everything from microcosm to macrocosm. 

Dharma means " righteousness".  Dharma leads to eternal bliss, both in this world and the next. It is your sole and soul companion after death.  Human acts without conscience which creates conflict is called Adharma. Dharma leads you on the path of self realisation. Dharma includes adhara or regulation of daily life as per your conscience and written Vedic laws.


An idiot by the name of Charles Darwin thought that any animal endowed with well-marked social instincts would inevitably acquire a moral sense or conscience, as its intellectual powers approximated man's.

Enough of religion--now let me get to the nitty gritty.



You conscience is that spark of celestial fire. God resides in your DNA. Never do anything against conscience even if the state , your society or your religion demands it. You sin, if you go against your conscience.

A computer does NOT have a conscience. This is why Modern Economics which is hijacked by empirical formulas or Quadratic Equations , which can be tweaked to suit a selfish Central banker, has wreaked terrible damage to society.

Majority is NOT right here. A man of conscience does NOT jump into the bandwagon, rather he will stand a fight all alone, against the howling mob.

A government cannot have a conscience. Yes, they can have a policy book. How many Policy statements by the topmost MD or President allows you to exercise your conscience?


How many judges in a court of law exercise their conscience  or even  listen to the voice of conscience-- and these guys say they take care of  humanity and society, right? There can be no accuser as powerful as your own conscience.  Have you ever seen a lawyer with conscience?  

Nowadays successful hot-shot lawyers , who own Rolls Royce cars and yachts use " where does this manual say when to have breakfast?" type CHICANERY to sway the judge and jury, whose conscience is in hibernation, due to poor perception and consciousness.. Today if you engage a lawyer, the only thing which is 100% sure ( like death ) is the expense.

Do you see a doctor with conscience, now-a-days?  They are too busy making money at the expense of the patient. 

At sea as a leader I have given top priority to courage of convictions of my Junior Officers , and in my standing orders which overrides company policy, as Captain’s authority, I exhort them to use it. I assure them that they will NOT be dismissed from service if I am convinced of evoking natural law and natural justice. 

And mind you, sometimes this pisses of my bosses ashore—so who  cares? One who breaks an unjust law that conscience tells him is unjust, and who willingly accepts the penalty to arouse the conscience of the community over its injustice, is in reality expressing the highest respect for written law.

There is indeed a higher court than courts of justice or courts of honour, and that is the court of conscience. It supersedes all other courts.




Have you ever noticed that it is your conscience which tell you, enough is enough.  Any person of honor chooses rather to lose his honor than to lose his conscience.

Reason , objective evidence , leave alone circumstantial evidence -- often makes mistakes, but conscience never does. 

What is the worth of all our music competitions where brute majority chooses the best singer—often based on narrow considerations like religion and mother tongue of the singer.



. 


Nobel peace prize winners striking and killing unarmed civilians with drones to preserve their way of life, talk about “this years fashion in conscience” in Presidential debates. And they go around with their work happily , with an audience clapping and cheering them on. What irony! Once your conscience, which is the window to your spirit,  is offended it shows on your face --as it is good bye tranquil mind. Such evil people mistake short memory for a clear conscience.

Conscience is your inner antenna.  Human dignity requires an upright conscience. Deep within his conscience every man discovers a celestial law which he has not laid upon himself,  even society or his upbringing -- which he must obey. It is his most secret core, and his sanctuary, where he is alone with God, to have a silent and short dialogue . 

To youngsters who are about to take up a career , I will tell them this—“Never take up a job in which you cannot apply your own conscience”  This is in case you want to happy , when your work is a continuous festival of joy. Then you can have  a face without lines , like yours truly- at the age of 56. 

A comfortable house and wealth is a great source of happiness. It ranks only after good health which springs out of happiness anchored by good conscience.

Betrayal of trust and ingratitude is  common for men with no conscience.  A guilty conscience needs no accuser. There is pillow as hard as a guilty conscience.Conscience is what makes you behave well behind closed doors or when nobody is looking...



Numerous case studies of brain damage have shown that damage to areas of the brain (such as the anterior prefrontal cortex) results in the reduction or elimination of inhibitions, with a corresponding radical change in behaviour. When the damage occurs to adults, they may still be able to perform moral reasoning. 



Conscience an aspect of extended consciousness beyond survival-related dispositions . Conscience is a gift of crisis--- It tells you the right thing to do when you don't have time to figure it all out.  

Conscience thinks in a flash, in terms of metaphor, feelings, pictures, and the spatial whole and doesn't fit neatly into the cause-and-effect model. Your conscience will not force you to do things that are truly wrong for yourself or other people in contradiction with the laws of the universe. 

We cannot command our conscience to use it at will. It just surfaces spontaneously when certain circumstances are present—it suddenly appears as a feeling.  

Conscience extrapolates larger truths . Use it as a guide always, never ignore it.



We in India know the meaning of conscience -- in 4300 BC, when Lord Sri-Ram was sent away to the forest for 14 years in exile ( cheated in a dice game wager ) his step-brother Bharat , whose mother Kaikeyi did the foul spadework ,  kept Rama's shoes on the throne , till the exile period was over.  Prince Bharat ran to the forest to seek out King Sri Ram and apologize on behalf of his mother.

 

This is in contrast to the Mughal invaders, where brothers gouged each other eyes and killed their own fathers and sons to usurp the throne.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
WHY INDIA LOST THE SINO INDIAN WAR OF 1962- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


INDIA CHINA WAR OF 1962,  BURIED SECRETS EXHUMED,  VK KRISHNA MENON DEFENCE MINISTER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




India and China were never traditional enemies--like cobra and mongoose.   

Since time immemorial these two countries had peaceful relations, based on culture , trade with Admiral Zheng He,  and mutual respect which was at an all time high at the time of Bodhi Dharma.  

There has never been two large neighbors on this planet with this type of excellent track record.  In 1962 this equation changed drastically sowing seeds of suspicion and mistrust.

In 1962, a festering border dispute was the pretext of war.   The Indo China border had never been properly defined and accepted by both countries-- as a signed accord, considering the rough, uninhabited and barren mountain terrain.

When the British left India in 1947,  they put 2 Islamic buffers on either side of the Himalayas to prevent communist nuclear submarine access to the blue all weather Indian ocean.  Communism and Islam are like oil and water,  they can come together for a while, but after sometime they get polarized and drift apart naturally.

When the Muslims from India did NOT go to East and West Pakistan,  Rothschild engineered Hindu Muslim riots.  Even then most of the Muslims preferred to stay back in India, while the Hindus on the other side came running due to extreme Islamic religious intolerance.. Even today, there are more Muslims in India than in Pakistan.  There are more Muslims in India, than the rest of the world put together if you leave aside, Indonesia.

However Rothchild knew that within 75 years India would be a superpower, and it was impossible for them to imagine India and China teaming up as a economic and military team .  So the British deliberately left the Indo China border unmarked.  East Pakistan ( Bangladesh ) was further buffered by a strip of Indian territory in the NE , by the name of Arunachal Pradesh.  A sacred monastery of ancient Tibet was included in this state.  

China did NOT have a problem with all this , till  CIA played they dirty games using Nehru to provoke the Chinese.  And Nehru was on a trip-- one telephone call to Edwina of Rothschild family, and he could have both the US President and UK Prime minister doing press ups as punishment in their offices or in murga position on their office desks.  Once Edwina Mountbatten died this powerful lifeline also died with her.



Something about Edwina's husband : 

Indian servant boys used to run away from the Viceroy's abode, never to come back -- people wondered why?

Now it is official--.

QUOTE:    Homosexuality of Lord Mountbatten.--

HOW THE GAY LIFE KILLED MOUNTBATTEN: Encounters with youths exposed him to IRA. BY FRANK DOHERTY. First published in ‘NOW’ magazine , Volume 1 , No. 4 , October 1989 , page 37 .
‘Lord’ Mountbatten was particularly attracted to boys in their early teens ; it was this characteristic which made him especially vulnerable to the IRA , because he needed to slip away from his personal bodyguards to keep dates with such boys , some of whom came in contact with IRA men : UNQUOTE 

To read more punch into Google search kincora child abuse mountbatten

It is alleged by armymen that generals in the Indian army like Cariappa, Thimayya, Maneskshaw, Thorat etc were all BR Ambedkar type British stooges.   During British rule if these army officers were told to kill their own countrymen to break a patriotic freedom movement, they would do so without batting an eyelid.  Most of the Indian Jawans joined the British army so that they could survive by securing a monthly salary, educate their children and feed their families.

Most affluent Parsis , being ex-Opium Bombay agents of Rothschild have always been on the side of the British , so Sam Manekshaw was no exception?  Thorat belonged to the Mahar clan. BR Ambedkar his Mahar regiment and Mahar clan were always British stooges ? 

BR Ambedkar was educated in Opium funded Columbia University by Rothschild.  His father and grandfather were alleged British stooges, and they drove fissures into Hinduism.  

In 1857, during the First War of Independence , the Mahar regiment were on the side of the British.   And I challenge anybody to prove me wrong when I say that BR Ambedkar did NOT spend one single minute fighting for India’s Independence.  

Ambedkar spent most of his time fighting for the right of the Dalit scavenger to drink from the same cup as a Brahman in a temple— never mind that the white Christian British will NOT drink from the same cup used by any highest caste Indian Brahman— leave alone a low caste dalit.   Thimayya and Cariappa belonged to the fair Coorgi sect, who do NOT look like usual DNA Indians--  just like the Parsees. 

Gen Thimayya was pro- USA and had been relentlessly after PM Nehru and Defence minister with his wish list of buying arms from USA and Britain, but NOT from Russia.   Nehru was non-aligned , as he had enough, till his nostrils of Rothschild controlling him using Edwina and Churchill--even after India became a free country.  

Nehru was totally dependent for sound advice on VK Krishna Menon, a man of extremely high intellect , perception and vision.  




He was a colossus among thinkers and diplomats and he did NOT care for USA, CIA, Britain and Rothschild, having seen though their slimy devious ways in history. No media would print all this as it would invite immediate deadly retribution.



Rothschild and USA were afraid that VK Krishna Menon would take over as India’s PM once Nehru dies —and Nehru had a secret illness, which CIA and Rothchild knew about.

VK Krishna Menon was NOT a person who would suffer fools gladly.  For him a donkey on a throne was still a donkey and Nehru admired him for his bluntness.  Though they never disagreed in public, VK Krishna Menon used to chew up Nehru and his “not so bright” sister in private.

VK Krishna Menon was loathed by USA and UK because they could never upstage him in an public debate or a news conference or a private argument— they were literally in awe of him. Once in UN, VK  Krishna Menon ( who is from my hometown Calicut ) gave a 8 hour speech. The transcript is available on the Internet and you can check out his mental acuity and knowledge of world affairs.  



Krishna Menon was NOT the type who would offer a chair and a cup of tea, to a time bandit opposite his deck.  He was a very busy man, extremely hard working and he had NO time for petty YAAR SHAAR small chat.  The Western press controlled by Rothschild ran him down at every opportunity.  

So when India lost the 1962 war with China, and when VK Krishna Menon resigned and kept a deliberate silence till he died,  all were quick to exonerate themselves and put all the entire blame on him.

It is amazing that even after 50 years of this Indo-China war, nobody in India has been able to figure out what went on.   Yes! —all cried PM Jawaharlal Nehru, Gen Kaul and Defence Minister VK Krishna Menon were responsible. 

Nobody nobody has the brains or the perception to figure out, why all this transpired.  All were quick to point out that Gen Kaul was related by blood to Nehru,  and hence was shown partiality in promotions.  

At least Nehru was cock sure that Kaul was loyal to him and NOT to CIA or USA or Rothschild .  At that time the Indian Finance minister was Morarji Desai ( after TT Krishnamachari was set up and shown the door due to the Mundhra LIC scam ), and PM Nehru , the IB chief Mullick and VK Krishna Menon knew that Morarji Desai was close to CIA and the Rothschild banking cartel.

The fact that VK Krishna Menon wanted India to be self reliant in military hardware did NOT go well with Gen Thimayya and Moraji Desai, who stone walled him at every step.  General Kodandera Subayya Thimmaya assumed charge of the Indian Army, as the 6th Chief of Army Staff, on 7 May 1957.  

Thimayya briefly resigned his post in 1959 over a dispute with V. K. Krishna Menon, then minister for defense.  He made a great deal of himself  being a man of high integrity, tom tommed by the Western press.  He retired from the army in 1961, almost 15 months before the Chinese invasion of India in November 1962. 



In 1959, he handed his resignation in protest to Prime Minister Nehru ostensibly due to Defence Minister V.K. Krishna Menon's refusal to consider his procurement plans from USA  for preparing for a imminent war with China.  Prime Minister Jawahar Lal Nehru refused to accept Thimayya’s  arm twisting resignation letter forcing him to withdraw his resignation.

Thimayya with CIA prodding had even managed to enlist the support of  the Naval and Air Force Chiefs, which was a disgrace to the entire nation.  But this plan fell apart as they developed cold feet on being quizzed by VK Krishna Menon. 

The Indian Parliament was informed by Nehru that the principle of civilian control over the military was sacrosanct and that the General Thimayya had jumped the gun and acted irresponsibly.  This shameful episode had the effect of lowering the influence of the Indian Army in future decision-making processes.

A lot was made out after the war, that the Indian army was told to fight a losing battle.  If this is the case Pakistan army should refuse to fight with India.  Are we to say that the Indian armed forces exist only to take on very weaker enemy forces like the feeble Portuguese in Goa?  




Are they to wear starched ceremonial uniform,  do regiment wise Republic day march pasts to a band , wear corny medals , draw good salary , procure stuff from the army canteens at throwaway prices ,  put their children in the best schools,  attend parties , booze , slap each other’s backs, guffaw at non-veg jokes and be merry? 

If so please do India a  favour— do NOT join our army.  

Nowadays CRPF loses more lives than the army--and they do NOT have any of the army privileges.

Gen Thimmayya's continued as the Army Chief till his retirement on 7 May 1961, completing 35 years of military service.   But the truth is that  Rothschild wanted his services for a hefty pay, in their Cyprus base,  heading the UN forces (UNFICYP) , taking care of the security of Israel, as a pro-Israel  “ neutral third party” .   

A grateful Rothschild named a street in Larnaca after him.  I have been to this street.



Lt Gen B.M. Kaul, openly flaunted his proximity and personal equation with Nehru and nobody dared take him on, even when he regularly bypassed the sacrosanct chain of command. This had an effect of crushing the army morale. May such things never ever happen to our army .

VK Krishna Menon was friendly towards Russia and China. The Americans did NOT want India, though non-aligned , to tilt towards the Communists who had broken free from Rothschild brand of Communism.  

Rothschild used CIA to provoke the sleeping giant China in a dirty manner and put the blame on India.  The CIA financed and armed a major resistance movement inside Tibet during the 1950's.  China had long suspected that India was an active but covert party to this movement.

This subtle declaration of war against China was the culmination of a policy that Nehru had been pursuing since as early as April 1947 when India was still a British colony.  On 25 April 1947, the external affairs department of the government of India, of which Nehru was in charge as a member of the viceroy’s ‘interim government’,  informed the British secretary of state for India.

 QUOTE  “Government of India now wish to be represented in Tibet ( as per Edwina’s advise to Nehru )  ... and should be grateful to know whether His Majesty’s Government desire to retain separate Mission there in future. If they do not, it would seem feasible to arrange transition from ‘British Mission’ to ‘Indian Mission’ without publicity and without drawing too much attention to change, to avoid if possible any constitutional issue being raised by China.”  UNQUOTE .  

This was at a time when a full blown civil war was going on in China. On 15 August 1947, the day India became independent , the British mission in Lhasa (Tibet’s capital) formally became the Indian mission in a shady manner.  The last British representative in Lhasa, H.E. Richardson, became the first Indian representative there.   

Richardson wrote later  “The transition was almost imperceptible,  the existing staff was retained in its entirety and the only obvious change was the quiet change in the flag, without the Chinese getting even a whiff.

In the case of Sikkim,  India in 1949 seized the opportunity of a local uprising against the ruler to send in troops and bring the state into closer dependence as a protectorate than it had formally been under the British.  In 1974 PM Indira Gandhi marched Indian troops into Sikkim and annexed it into India—  so China had a valid point there , as history always repeats itself.  



In the same year in 1949,  India signed a treaty with Bhutan, in which we took over Britain’s right to guide Bhutan in foreign affairs.  New Delhi’s influence in Nepal continued to be paramount, and was increased in 1950 when the Indian Government helped the King of Nepal to break the century-old rule of the Rana clan.

In October 1950, China woke up and the Peoples’ Liberation Army (PLA) vanquished a feeble Tibetan opposition in the Battle of Chamdo and thus put an end to all ongoing diplomatic negotiations on the status of Tibet. 

The Indian delegation in the United Nations blocked a proposal to censure China when the Chinese forces were on their way to Lhasa. India allowed Chinese food material for its troops located near Yatung to go through Calcutta and Gangtok.  Later, the Indian Government agreed to withdraw its military-cum-diplomatic missions in Tibet without any fuss.

The historic Sino-Indian Treaty on relations between India and the Tibet Region of China was signed in 1954.  India gave up its rights in Tibet without seeking a quid pro quo.  The Panch Shila was enunciated,  which naïve Nehru presumed and took for granted iron clad boundaries in an era of Hindi-Chini- bhai- bhai. 




When Nehru visited  China in 1954, he showed Chou En-lai’s the new political map of India, which defined the McMahon Line and the J&K Johnson Line as firm borders (and not in dotted lines ) and expressed concern over corresponding Chinese maps that he found erroneous.  

Chou En-lai replied that the Chinese had not yet found time to correct their old maps but that this would be done “when the time is ripe”. Relations were hunky dory or kissing terms . Nehru assumed this implied tacit Chinese acceptance of India’s map alignments but referred to the same matter once again during Chou’s 1956 visit to India.



Above : The war aftermath places the Kongka La UFO area ( circled in blue --top LH corner ) plumb on the Indo-China border??.

The young Dalai Lama came to India in 1956 to participate in the 2,500th anniversary celebrations commemorating the Enlightenment of the Buddha but was reluctant to return home as he felt China had reneged from its promise of Tibetan autonomy.   

Chou En-lai visited India later that year and sought Nehru’s good offices to persuade the Dalai Lama to return to Lhasa on the assurance of implementation of the 17-Point Agreement by China in good faith.

In March, 1959, the Dalai Lama fled from Tibet for good .  Following the failed 1959 Tibetan uprising,  the 14th Dalai Lama sought refuge in India. Nehru, allowed in the Dalai Lama and his coterie of Tibetan government officials.  The Dalai Lama has since lived in exile in Dharamshala, in the state of Himachal Pradesh in northern India, where the Central Tibetan Administration is also established.



The Government of India granted Dalai Lama asylum, along with his entourage and over 100,000 refugees that followed. These events greatly disturbed the Chinese who saw this as a great Indian betrayal. This event marked a turning point in Sino-Indian relations for the worse.  Indian troops crossed over into Tibet to escort the Dalai Lama and party into India across the McMahon line. 

They came with their men and mules heavily laden with gold. While granting ‘political asylum’ to the Dalai Lama, the Indian government assured Peking that he would not be allowed to carry on political activities from the soil of India. As usual, this assurance proved to be a false one. The Chinese knew from the wordings and tone, that the Dalai Lama’s first statement issued from India was drawn up by Indian officials .

Their suspicions about India’s intentions were fuelled by Nehru’s connivance in facilitating CIA trained Tibetan refugee guerrillas to operate in Tibet and further permitting an American listening spy facility to be planted on the heights of Nanda Devi to monitor Chinese radio signals in Tibet.

China now suspected that India was all the while helping the Khampa rebellion and had assisted the Dalai Lama to escape to India. The disputed border and hardening of attitudes on both sides led to several skirmishes on several border posts.  The Government of India adopted a strategically flawed ‘Forward Policy’ of erecting isolated check posts on the border without improving  infrastructure or the armed forces’ capabilities.

Towards the end of 1961, Mao said enough is enough, and convened a meeting of China’s Central Military Commission and took personal charge of the ‘struggle with India’.

Five years later, China started the construction of the 179-km long western Tibet-Sinkiang road passing through Aksai Chin, part of J&K and claimed by India. The Government of India took two and a half years to confirm this information.



CIA could have given this information to India, but they chose not to. The whole idea was to make India and China bitter enemies, and provoke them to fight a war to sow permanent seeds of mistrust.

Aksai Chin a barren stretch of land ( area 37,000 square km ) of high-altitude desert with no human habitation, was a part of the Ladakh region, which China claims it to be part of its Xinjiang autonomous region.  The MaCartney-MacDonald line clearly puts Aksai Chin within Chinese territory.  China invested money and effort to make the highway there.

This new road was disclosed to the Indian Parliament  on August 31, 1959, causing a huge uproar, the way only Indian MPs are capable of.  Nehru’s remark that ‘not a blade of grass grows there’ did not cut ice with the much agitated Opposition in Parliament,  who cried that if there is no grass in your dang back yard , will you gift it away?.

Nehru's thus became adamant that China must withdraw from Aksai Chin and in the process abandon the highway China made was seen by Mao as further Indian attempts to undermine China's claim to Tibet.


The border between India and Tibet had remained undefined and undemarcated when the direct rule of India by the British ended in 1947. 

Vast areas in the north-east, mountainous and sparsely populated by tribes, and in the north-west, mountainous, icy and desolate, were never ever under the administration of India.

“The great cartographic forgery,” as Sourin Roy, a former deputy director, National Archives of India, pointed out, was initiated by Sir Olaf Kirkpatrick Kruuse Caroe , Governor of NWFP , and was completed under Nehru in 1954, as per Edwina’s advise to Nehru, of a Forward policy .

“The frontier from Bhutan eastwards has been clearly defined by the McMahon line which was fixed by the Simla Convention of 1914.... Our maps show that the McMahon line is our boundary and that is our boundary — map or no map.” .  Since 1938, however, the Survey of India maps were surreptitiously altered,  showing the McMahon Line, with the word ‘Undemarcated’ imprinted on it.

The McMahon Line drawn in Shimla convention of 1914 between British Empire and Tibet was rejected by China.  China officially claims the entire Arunachal Pradesh as its territory based on its traditional boundaries from the imperial past.

The CIA collaborated with India and Nepal in training Tibetan exiles to fight Chinese troops. Between the late 1950’s and mid-1960’s the US government flew hundreds of Tibetan exiles to far-flung bases in Okinawa, Guam and Colorado. 

There they were trained as guerrillas to wage war against the Chinese. The Tibetans, many of whom were recruited from the Khamba tribe, were parachuted back into Tibet at night with sub-machine guns. According to the report, Darjeeling was chosen as the headquarters of the rebels.  



WE DO NOT FORGET --  NEVER !




Nawang Gayltsen, who was among the first Tibetans trained by the CIA, disclosed that he had helped monitor struggling guerrilla cells in Tibet from a joint CIA-Indian command centre in New Delhi. 

What India does NOT know even today is, that some of our politicians are under Rothschild’s and CIA’s payroll.   It is better to abolish the Rajya Sabha.

Punch into Google search-
ABOLISH THE RAJYA SABHA VADAKAYIL 

Confident in the belief that the Chinese would not react,  for fear of being attacked from USA from Taiwan ( a prospective Guantanamo base of Cuba in the making ) , while in a war with India, the India government continued to pursue the ‘forward policy’ both in the eastern and in the western sector.  

China’s diplomatic notes warning that she “would react and most forcefully” were ignored by Nehru, with USA backing—the same way they backed Saddam Hussain when he caught Kuwait slant drilling and stealing Iraqi oil

There was NO need for Nehru to unnecessarily provoke the Chinese by eating into their barren territory.  When VK Krishna Menon tried to stop it, he was called a communist derisively by USA and the West.  

Nehru initiated a Forward Policy in which it placed outposts along the border, including several north of the McMahon Line, the eastern portion of a Line of Actual Control proclaimed by Chinese Premier Zhou Enlai in 1959.  

Nehru's going ahead with this encroaching policy was based on grandiose assumptions. He was of the belief that China would not oppose Indian patrols and border outposts out of fear of an India backed by both the super powers, United States of America and Soviet Union.

China was very tolerant as they were almost sure that USA would attack from Taiwan—and China could ill afford to fight in two sectors far way from each other.




In a letter of 7 November 1959 to Nehru Chou En-lai proposed to Nehru that the two prime ministers should meet and try to settle the boundary problem in the interest of both countries.  Chou En-lai also proposed that the armed forces of the two countries should withdraw 20 kilometres at once from the McMahon line in the east and from the line upto which each side exercised actual control , in the west.

In 1960 Nehru agreed to Chou En-lai’s proposal to meet.  So, the Chinese prime minister, accompanied by Chen Yi, his foreign minister, came to India in April 1960 to negotiate a peaceful settlement.  But the Nehru with US backing was not willing to play ball.  Nehru flatly rejected Zhou En Lai's boundary settlement proposal.  Now, Mao was convinced India was working with the US and USSR against China.

Chou En-lal agreed to concede India’s claim in the eastern sector, which meant a large chunk of territory which was inhabited by tribes and parts of which like the Towang tract, which were under Tibetan administration.

He just wanted India to recognize China’s claim to the Aksai Chin area in the western sector, a ‘desert of white stones’, “17,000 ft. above sea level, where nothing grows and no one lives, lying between the towering ranges of Karakoram and the Kuen Lun”.  Across it ran an ancient trade route between Sinkiang and Tibet, which was used by the People’s Republic of China in the 1950s. 



The highway across Aksai Chin built by China, was a major engineering feat, which China showcased and was proud of.  Aksai Chin, uninhabited and desolate and so far away from the nearest area administered by India, was useless to us while it was of great importance to China.

Nehru hijacked by USA, rejected the Chinese premier’s proposal and claimed Aksai Chin as India’s inalienable part.  VK Krishna Menon objected to this American conspiracy bitterly.  Nehru was by now convinced that VK Krishna Menon was a communist at heart, and he allowed himself to be swayed by his pro-USA Generals and the IB chief, who was on his own trip.

The Chinese proposal of ‘reciprocal acceptance of present actualities in both sectors and constitution of a boundary commission’ was summarily rejected. Aksai Chin was a critical alternate route for China to Tibet.  India's stand meant that China was being cut off from Tibet, they saw it as an attempt to undermine their authority in Tibet.

Nehru also refused to agree to Chou’s proposal that both sides should refrain from patrolling along all sectors of the boundary in order to avert knee jerk ego clashes and “ensure tranquility on the borders so as to facilitate the discussions.”   The summit was a total failure due to hard posturing by Nehru —a golden opportunity to co-exist in peace was kicked away. USA and Rothschild were so happy.

In the meantime China  hastily concluded boundary agreements with Burma, Pakistan, Afghanistan, Nepal and Mongolia — all neighboring countries, except India and the U.S.S.R. (which too preferred to determine its borders with China unilaterally).

The biggest failure was when India refused China's proposal for talks to extend Panchsheel which was to lapse on June 2, 1962, on being prodded by USA.  This was a chance for India to negotiate, reverse aggressive policies and restore a climate based on the Panchsheel with a powerful neighbour.  The agreement lapsed, India and China wound up the trade marts on both sides.  


Home Minister of India,  Lal Bahadur Shastri meanwhile  put a chappal-less foot in his mouth and made an unnecessary declaration on February 4, 1962 that "If the Chinese will not vacate the areas occupied by her,  India will have to repeat what she did in Goa. We will certainly drive out the Chinese forces."   Internal Home Minister Shastri had NO right to talk in this manner. 



All this while Nehru was actively promoting the slogan Hindi-Chini bhai-bhai (Indians and Chinese are brothers). The Chinese used to send  non-military supplies to Tibet through the port of Calcutta. 

The Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party, Mao Zedong, got pissed off and asked the Xinhua News Agency to produce reports on Indian expansionists operating in Tibet.  In August 1961, the Chinese military improved its combat readiness along the McMahon Line and began stockpiling ammunition, weapons and gasoline.

Mao asserted that the objective was not a local victory but to give Nehru a bloody nose so that he could be ‘knocked back to the negotiating table’.   By September 1962, China was fully prepared (this is evident from the video recordings of that war released by China recently) and warned that if India ‘played with fire; it would be consumed by fire’. 

On September 8, 1962,  more than 800 Chinese soldiers surrounded the Indian post at Dhola. Neither side opened fire for 12 days. The dice was cast for a showdown. China had conveyed its intention. While India thought that it was bluffing.  Nehru did NOT know that a deadly crisis was brewing in Cuba, which would make both USA and USSR , his trump cards --ignore him..

Before China attacked,  India’s leadership was tied up on business as usual elsewhere.  Such was the lack of our military intelligence , and the way USSR and USA made as$holes out of us.  Krishna Menon left for New York on 17 September 1962 to attend the UN General Assembly and returned to India only on 30 September 1962.  

Nehru left Delhi on 8 September 1962 to attend the Commonwealth PM’s conference and after visiting Paris, Lagos and Accra returned only on 2 October 1962, but left again on 12 October 1962 for Colombo and returned to Delhi only on 16 October 1962.  

Two of the most important officials at Army Headquarters were also away from Delhi: Lt. Gen. Kaul, the Chief of General Staff, was on sweet holiday in Kashmir till 2 October 1962, while the Director of Military Operations [DMO] was on a cruise on the aircraft carrier Vikrant.

Nehru gave a uncharacteristic and  immature statement on October 12, 1962, on his way to Sri Lanka that he had "ordered the Indian Army to throw the Chinese out."  

The next day Rothschild controlled New York Herald Tribune carried a provocative editorial titled “India declares war on China”, and they made sure the Chinese Ambassador in USA read it.  

This crude mafia type statement by a head of state of great stature , got Chairman Mao’s knickers in a twist. 

A furious Mao declared  “…Since Nehru insists on us fighting him, for us not to fight with him would not be proper. Courtesy emphasizes reciprocity.”



Everybody including the then army chief and VK Krishna Menon knew that PM is wrong but such was Nehru’s clout with USA and Rothschild , that nobody dared to tell Nehru that the emperor is NOT wearing clothes , at that time.  

Driving out the superior Chinese forces was an optimistic declaration by the political leadership but the ground situation was different.  Indian Army was logistically weak and ill-prepared to take on the Chinese forces that were well trained in freezing mountain warfare.

In 1962, a Joint Secretary verbally conveyed the Indian government's orders to General Thapar, the then Army Chief ( our Karan Thapar father ) , to evict the Chinese from the intruded territory.  He asked for this in writing because he had not been in the decision-making loop.  How do you like that?

Meanwhile Mao wanted to double check political polarisations and alliances. The Chinese Ambassador to Warsaw, Wang Bingnan, was recalled from leave and hastily dispatched to Warsaw with instructions to meet his US counterpart forthwith.   

On 23 June 1962, Wang Bingnan met US Ambassador Cabot at Warsaw.  Ambassador Wang claimed that Beijing had noted US preparations in Taiwan for a landing on the mainland. 

Ambassador Cabot, who was unaware of any such preparations, based on his brief from the State Department, conveyed to his Chinese interlocutor that he had been authorized to state that the US government had no intention of supporting the proposed  GRC [Taiwan] attack on the mainland in 1962. 

The Chinese breathed a huge sigh of relief for they were anticipating trouble on two widely separated fronts.

On 8 October 1962, Chinese leaders informed the Soviet Ambassador in Beijing that ‘China knows that Indian forces are planning to launch a large scale attack in Sino-Indian frontier regions and if India launches an attack than we will resolutely carry out self-defence.’   

Further, Ambassador Liu secured from Khrushchev ‘guarantees’ that if China was attacked and a China-India War ensued, the Soviets would ‘stand together with China’ .

With the Cuba crisis in his mind and wanting China as an ally in case of a nuclear missile war with USA, in a 20 October 1962 letter, Khrushchev rebuked Nehru for failing to show ‘due urge for reconciliation’ and urged him ‘to agree to Chinese proposals’.  



This new tough line was confirmed when MJ Desai [then Secretary General, MEA] told US Ambassador Galbraith in a meeting on 23 October 1962 that ‘in the past few days the Soviets have taken a tough line with the Indians— including advice to settle on Chinese terms.’ 

The friends of VK Krishna Menon, the Soviets really had had no option as they were engrossed in a serious confrontation with the US over Cuba and badly needed Chinese support, in case of a full scale nuclear missile war with USA and UK.  Support for India was expendable, at this hour. 

This is the reason why every nation should have its own security, instead of hanging on and hiding under somebody else’s stinkin' petticoat.

In its issue of 14 October 1962, the Chinese People’s Daily again warned Nehru : “Pull back from the brink of the precipice and don’t use the lives of Indian troops as stakes in your gamble.”  The advice was ignored. 

It must be noted here that VK Krishna Menon  was never privy to false promises and constant meddling by CIA.   CIA , Rothschild and the US president hated Menon’s guts.   So any man with average intelligence can make out that he was not privy to the China territory nibbling process and Tibet provocations done by Nehru and IB chief Mullick. 




On 14 October 1962, an editorial on People's Daily issued China's the last and final warning to India: QUOTE  "So it seems that Mr. Nehru has made up his mind to attack the Chinese frontier guards on an even bigger scale....It is high time to shout to Mr. Nehru that the heroic Chinese troops, with the glorious tradition of resisting foreign aggression, can never be cleared by anyone from their own territory... If there are still some maniacs who are reckless enough to ignore our well-intentioned advice and insist on having another try, well, let them do so. History will pronounce its inexorable verdict... At this critical moment...we still want to appeal once more to Mr. Nehru: better rein in at the edge of the precipice and do not use the lives of Indian troops as stakes in your gamble."UNQUOTE 


The Chinese insisted that it was India that started the conflict by following the so-called ‘forward policy’ and ‘nibbling’ at China’s frontiers, and hence it was only a ‘counter-attack’ and in ‘self-defence’ to throw out Indian ‘aggressors’ from Chinese territory.   In other words, it was an action designed to reclaim Chinese territory wrongly usurped by India – with American connivance , aimed to draw away Chinese forces from the sensitive Taiwan area.

On 16 October 1962, this war plan was approved, and on the 18th, the final approval was given by the Politburo for a "self-defensive counter-attack",  scheduled for 20 October.

On 20 October 1962, at 5 AM IST, the Chinese People's Liberation Army launched two massive onslaughts , 1000 kilometres apart.  Three Chinese Regiments, 154, 155 and 157 [equivalent to Indian Brigades], all battle-hardened veterans of the Korean War transferred from across the Taiwan Straits since June 1962, attacked Indian positions across the Namka Chu defended by a single brigade and overran them. 

Similar attacks were launched simultaneously on all Indian positions both in the Western and Eastern sectors with overwhelming force.

This attack was a well planned move and it coincided with the Cuban Missile Crisis, which made sure that USA and Russians will NOT bother to intervene—or even give a patient ear.  

The Cuban missile crisis was a 13-day confrontation between the Soviet Union and Cuba on one side and the United States on the other. The crisis occurred in October 1962, during the Cold War from October 16–28, 1962 (naval blockade of Cuba ended November 20, 1962) . 

The Soviet government secretly began to build bases in Cuba for a number of medium-range and intermediate-range ballistic nuclear missiles (MRBMs and IRBMs) with the ability to strike most of the continental United States. In addition to nuclear-armed ballistic missiles, the Soviet Union had deployed 100 tactical nuclear weapons to Cuba, and the local Soviet commander there could have launched these weapons without additional codes or commands from Moscow. 



The U.S. air strike and invasion that were scheduled for the third week of the confrontation would likely have triggered a nuclear response against American ships and troops, and perhaps even Miami. The resulting war might have led to the deaths of 100 million Americans, and a deadly retaliation by USA .


In the western theatre, the Chinese PLA sought to expel Indian forces from the Chip Chap valley in Aksai China while in the eastern theatre, the PLA sought to capture both banks of the Namka Chu river.  The Chinese cut the Indian telephone lines, preventing the Indian defenders from making contact with their headquarters. To be frank these are all basics.

The Chinese troops launched a three-pronged attack on Tawang, Arunachal Pradesh which the Indians evacuated without any resistance.  The entire NEFA (North East Frontier Agency), now called Arunachal Pradesh was Gen Kaul's domain.  On his first day of assignment, Gen Kaul flew to Lumpu in great style and then trekked like a commando to Namkachu valley.  

He was the first General officer to visit the valley.  Gen Kaul “reportedly” fell ill during the assignment and was deported to New Delhi and the IV Corps was wiped out when a strong enemy force raided the camp.  The battle with China in 1962, in the NEFA, is also known as the Battle of Namkachu.

There is ample evidence today from doctors that Nehru’s relative and blue eyed boy Gen Kaul  was not as sick as he said.  Gen Kaul’s famous last words before he came back to Delhi was to tell the brigade commander before leaving: “Its your battle now”.  

When General Kaul reached 7th Brigade at Tawang, he wanted to inspect the front lines himself. Because of the altitude, he was already exhausted.  No 4 legged pack animals were available.  So a two legged local porter manfully carried our dear Gen Kaul off to the front like a sack of potatoes.  Needless to say all onlookers were amused.  

Vidi Vini Vizi, or was it so?   

It could be--   I came,  I spied ( with mE little eye ) , I scooted ( by piggy back ride ).

Indian Army was not ready to take on the Chinese.  Very few Indian soldiers had operated on freezing mountain areas.  The troops were using obsolete weapons unsuitable for mountain warfare and bullets were in short supply.  Most of the time the Chinese were outside Indian rifle range.  

The Chinese were well supplied as they had stocked supplies in Tibet and their soldiers were well acquainted with mountain warfare.  The Indian soldiers, did not even have enough winter clothing and shoes.  There was no road network. The supplies and reinforcements for the troops were sent most by air.   The Indian troops were short on artillery and ammunition and the artillery pieces they had was very often immobile in the mountains.  

Lieutenant General B M Kaul, had never commanded an active fighting outfit in his entire life and he was to command one now.


The majority of Chinese forces had advanced to sixteen kilometres south of the control line prior to the conflict.  Four days of fighting were followed by a three-week lull. Zhou ordered the troops to stop advancing as he attempted to negotiate with Nehru a last time . 

On October 24 1962,  Beijing offered a ceasefire and Chinese withdrawal on the express condition that India agreed to open negotiations.  Nehru refused the offer even before the text was officially received.  Both sides built up over the next three weeks and the Indians launched a local counterattack on November 15, arousing in India fresh expectations of total victory, what with our newspapers giving rosy accounts of Indian bravery and relentless assaults. 

Zhou had sent Nehru a letter, proposing a negotiated settlement of the boundary, that both sides disengage and withdraw twenty kilometres from present lines of actual control.  After Zhou received Nehru's letter (rejecting Zhou's proposal), the fighting resumed on the eastern theatre on 14 November 1962 (Nehru's birthday).


On 17 November 1962, the Chinese troops in this second campaign reached the borders of Assam, occupied the entire disputed territory of the NEFA and again halted. The Indian government was seized with panic, almost wrote off Assam as lost.

Mao in a master stroke declared unilateral ceasefire on November 20, 1962, immediately after the resolution of crisis in the Cuba.  Many units of the once crack Indian 4th Division dissolved into rout without giving battle and by November 20 1962, there was no organised Indian resistance anywhere in the disputed territories. This time a shaken up Nehru tacitly accepted.

Zhou's ceasefire declaration stated,

QUOTE “Beginning from 21 November 1962, the Chinese frontier guards will cease fire along the entire Sino-Indian border.  Beginning from 1 December 1962, the Chinese frontier guards will withdraw to positions 20 kilometres behind the line of actual control which existed between China and India on 7 November 1959. In the eastern sector, although the Chinese frontier guards have so far been fighting on Chinese territory north of the traditional customary line, they are prepared to withdraw from their present positions to the north of the illegal McMahon Line, and to withdraw twenty kilometres back from that line. In the middle and western sectors, the Chinese frontier guards will withdraw twenty kilometres from the line of actual control.”UNQUOTE

The Chinese withdrew twelve miles north of the McMahon line and returned captured Indian soldiers whom they had treated well with their small arms.


In the meantime the Indian army chief, General Thapar, resigned.  The defence minister, Krishna Menon (Nehru’s close friend ), was made a scapegoat by all those who hated him.  

VK Krishna Menon, the “terror from the East” who gave the white man a massive inferiority complex, was forced to resign by USA as a pre-condition for military aid and by Rothschild for financial aid.  

This was their way of getting even with all the mental lashes and intellectual bleeding they had to lump. There was NOT a single English speaking white man on this planet, who could better VK Krishna Menon  in a debate on any political subject.

After his famous nine-hour speech on Kashmir at the UN Security Council in 1957, during which he lambasted both the US and Britain, the British delegate, Sir Pierson Dixon, laughingly told him, “No hard feelings, Krishna, we have a very thick skin.”   “I know, Pierson,” retorted Menon, “that’s why you Britons made the best boots in the world”.

Once when Krishna Menon was in USA, he was expected to be pulverized for his views and the Indian embassy specifically advised him against appearing on a live radio program.  He would be ambushed—nay—bushwacked by a very sharp and aggressive host, who chewed iron nails for breakfast.  

Menon, typically, rejected the advice.  He was given a lecture by the aggressive host and asked if it was indeed true that Menon was a communist.  

Without batting an eyelid,  Menon returned the lecture and concluded it with a question to the host:  “ But tell me, is it true that you are a bastard??”   

Totally crushed in public for the first time in his life , the arrogant and slimy radio host was silenced--and he lost all his aggro and "cats whiskers" cockiness after this incident.  

On Oct 25th 1962 , Ambassador Galbraith wrote to President Kennedy predicting that Nehru will soon ask for military aid – “Does important American assistance require his (Menon’s) effective elimination from the Indian defense and UN scene? “

The CIA assisted US presidential answer was , there can be no US aid to India , unless the Rasputin of Nehru, "the anti-Rothschild Commie" VK Krishna Menon was shoved off.

On 20 November 1962 YB Chavan,  Bombay’s chief minister, ( CIA and Rothschild approved ) , became India’s new defence minister,  to make sure India does NOT drift to the Soviet camp.

China again offered to negotiate a settlement of the border problem.  But  Nehru , without the reassuring presence of VK Krishna Menon at his side, would not negotiate.. Though there was no mutual agreement, China presented the NEFA region (now Arunachal Pradesh) to India and retained what was of vital importance to her in the western sector. 

The border has remained where China proposed in 1960.   The shrewd US strategy of keeping China under constant threat from the South, was successful.   It may be noted that, unlike the USA, China had no military base in any foreign country nor did she conduct military aggression or intervention in the affairs of any country.  

‘Containing China’ was a euphemism for encircling China from all sides and liquidating her.  And China’s bitter memories of the dirty and painful Rothschilds Opium wars and the Rape on Nanking by the Japs were still fresh.

Soon after the hostilities were over, the then Chinese President Liu Shaoqi told the Sri Lankan leader Felix Bandaranaike that the 1962 conflict was ‘to demolish Nehru’s arrogance and delusions of grandeur.  China had taught India a severe lesson and would do so again and again!’

Liu repeated the same to the Swedish Ambassador too. The master stroke of a declaration of cease-fire by Mao was a serious blow for anti-China Taiwan plan of America and Soviet Union and their strategic design in Asia.  Later, in 1973, Zhou Enlai was to tell Kissinger that the conflict took place because Nehru was getting ‘cocky’ with his “personal” connections with US and UK , to be read as the Edwina Rothschild connection.

More than 3,000 Indian soldiers laid down their lives during the 1962 Sino Indian war.  Out of this most of them had died due to exposure to cold and NOT by bullet wounds. 

Several hundred frozen bodies were found , just a sweater and canvas shoes, with rifles clenched in their hands, no body wounds ,and no bullets in the pouch. All of them could NOT have lost their bullets , right?

The 1962 War has left gaping wound in the Indian psyche. The political and military leadership sacrificed officers and soldiers under them despite knowing that the army was not prepared to take on the Chinese forces in a terrain where we were logistically weak and did not have proper supply lines.  

At the same time, I would call this war as a blessing in disguise.  India gained many benefits from the 1962 conflict. This war united the various religions and castes of India as never before.  India got on a golden platter, more than 83,000 sq.km. of disputed territory , even if she felt that NEFA was hers all along.

The great Himalayan debacle cut Nehru down to size. The Edwina inflated self-image of prime minister, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru — ‘an intrepid fighter for the establishment of peace and justice on earth’, ‘the architect of non-alignment’, a “peace-maker and go-between in the company of the superpowers” — was shattered.  

Below: Nehru was never the same after the SUNK incident below.



He had a heart-attack in January 1964 and passed away in May.  Edwina Mountbatten died on  21st February 1960 , with Nehru's love letters by her bedside-- kept deliberately .  

 

Nehru matched her  in equal measure -- he sent an Indian Navy frigate INS Trishul to attend her “sea burial “ funeral and cast a marigold wreath into the waters.

 

With her death Nehru did NOT have the power of backdoor negotiations via Rothschild with the US president and UK Prime Minister—and he could NOT foresee any more coming shadows. More important he lost the elegant solutions creating brains of VK Krishna Menon.

The single biggest factor of Indian defeat was that the Indian intelligence apparatus in the Himalayas was lacking under Mullick.   CIA deliberately kept Nehru in the dark about Chinese strength, mobility and tactics.   

Very few Indian soldiers had operated in freezing mountain areas, which causes pulmonary odema ( liquid in lungs ) . The few Indian troops were using single fire manual obsolete rifles, which jammed in cold weather and was unsuitable for mountain warfare . They had very few bullets.  

The Chinese , superior in numbers , were well supplied as they had stocked supplies in Tibet and their soldiers with AK 47 automatic guns were well acquainted with high mountain warfare. 

The morale of the armed forces was at its lowest ebb, with the false propaganda done by CIA’s payroll MP stooges in Indian Parliament over Gen Thimayya’s resignation. . The decision making in the army was totally ad-hoc. 

An entire division comprising over 15,000 soldiers, the 4th Infantry Division, collapsed in disarray and retreated from its headquarters at Tawang; an infantry Brigade of over 3000 soldiers was overrun by the Chinese and the Brigadier and several officers taken prisoner in NEFA.

After the humiliating defeat, the new pro-USA defence minister,  YB Chavan under CIA pressure entrusted Lieutenant-General Henderson Brooks and Brigadier P S Bhagat (holder of a WWII Victoria Cross and commandant of the military academy) to inquire into the debacle.  

This report will keep dirty CIA tricks totally off record.   Gen Chaudhuri who took over from Gen Kaul,  received the report in April 1963, from Lt Gen Brooks who was GOC 11 Corps in Jalandhar and had not participated in the operations.

The Henderson-Brooks report, submitted in mid-1963, is yet to be made public. An application was filed some two years back seeking its disclosure under the Right to Information Act. It was rejected by the Defence Minister claiming that an internal study had confirmed that the contents of the Henderson Brooks Report "are not only extremely sensitive but are of current operational value."  



Probably the report shows the count of Indian soldiers who were frozen to death without bullets.  Chinese policymakers and analysts believe even today that India is colluding with the US and Russia to detach Tibet from China—with the Tibetans under Dalai Lama constantly giving pin pricks and even doing self immolations from Indian soil.   

Today China knows for sure that CIA financed and armed a major resistance movement inside Tibet during the 1950′s .  China suspected that Nehru was an active party to this covert movement.  

Then Director of Intelligence Bureau, B N Mullick, acknowledged CIA’s activities in Tibet during that time in his book “The Chinese Betrayal” (1971).  CIA obviously cannot do anything without India’s help.  China believed India played an active role at that time, and it was one of the reasons for which they decided to punish India.

There has also been dispute about Sikkim, which formally became part of India in 1975. Chinese dismissed this annexation and continued to claim dispute over the tiny state, too. However, in 2003 under an agreement between the two sides, Chinese have formally recognized Sikkim as an integral part of India. The border between Sikkim and China, though, is still not fully demarcated.


China had been active in Aksai Chin for over a decade before 1962.  India was aware of Chinese activity there from 1951. But in 1953, Nehru decided to redraw the boundary that included Aksai Chin within India, as opposed to British policy of 1899, which kept Aksai Chin out of India. In 1957, Beijing's road building activities could not be ignored any longer, and India sent patrols to the area. It would be the beginning of the India-China conflict that would culminate in 1962.


Gen Kaul although Sandhurst-trained for infantry service , he pussy footed his army career using his Nehru connections, without serving on any front line and ended it in a humble and obscure post in public relations, but all the time enjoying ZE good life.  

 

Boosted by the Nehrus’s pull,  Kaul rocketed up through the army structure to emerge in 1961 at the very summit of Army HQ.  But the fact remains that he did NOT fully comprehend the art of war.  

Not only did he hold the key appointment of chief of the general staff (CGS) but the Army Commander, Thapar, was in effect his client.


The Intelligence Bureau (IB), whose director, N B Mullik, was another favourite and confidant of Nehru. VKK Gen. Thimayya recommended Lt. Gen. Thorat to succeed him and Lt. Gen. Verma appointed as CGS.   Gen Kaul ensured this was not accepted. Gen Thapar became the Army Chief and Gen Kaul took over as CGS . 

Gen Kaul had a court of inquiry organised against Sam Manekshaw for anti-national activities. The inquiry exonerated Gen Manekshaw. 


The Goa operation at the end of 1960 witnessed two strange events. The new Chief of General Staff (CGS), Lt Gen BM Kaul, marched alongside one of the columns of the 17th Division under Gen KP Candeth that was tasked to enter Goa.  

Thereafter Gen Kaul and, separately, the Defence Minister, Krishna Menon, declared “war” or the commencement of operations at two different times — one at midnight and the other at first light the next morning.  Gen Kaul safe from censure due to his relationship with Nehru, had the guts to do this to defence VK Krishna Menon.

Today the shallow thinking Air Chief Marshal Norman Anil Kumar Browne ( pro-USA Anglo Indian --all the way ) says that India would have won the way if the IAF was involved.   This is pure NONSENSE , as China had 2600 superior aircraft, and would have caused thousands of Indian deaths , and war would have escalated.

If we peruse the tripartite Simla Convention of 1914 to which the Government of India, Tibet and China were party and drew the McMahon Line. The Chinese representative just initialled the agreement but did not sign it on account of differences over the definitions of Inner and Outer Tibet.

To the Rothschild controlled West,  the  disappearance of fear of Chinese from the Indian minds and the growing Hindi-Chini Bhai Bhai chants did not portend well. The two most populous countries could not be allowed to form a third pole on the global stage.  Americans played a dirty wedge driving  game in India to ensure that the two Asian nations remain distant from each other, always .

The Chinese assault as you can see was NOT a sudden 'unprovoked aggression,'  that had caught India with her pants down in a sort of “fallen from the sky Himalayan Pearl Harbor , by any stretch of imagination.  

The Indian army was forced to defend India .  They were pitted against experts at attack by infiltration, having been Mao's guerrillas.  They were not only outnumbered, but outmatched with the attack by infiltration tactics.  



Indeed, the PLA was not just an army - it was an ideologically committed , highly passionate and trained movement that was synonomous with the then newly created Communist China. 

The poor Indian jawans with chattering teeth , numb fingers and Pulmonary Odema secreted liquid in lungs, were under orders to sweep superior Chinese forces wielding AK47s, capable of 700 bullets in one minute, using bayonets and single bullet firing short range obsolete rifles,  out of their impregnable, dominating positions.  

Jawans went into battle straight from the plains, pushed so hard across the unaccustomed high mountain terrain that many died of altitude sickness before they reached the front line. They wore their cotton uniforms with a thin sweater, and they had a single blanket for the freezing nights. Often even that one blanket had to be shared. 

"Hard rations" was a euphemism for no tea, sugar, or salt, indeed, for such limited quantities of any food that the already weakened men weakened more. Air drops went awry, less than 1 in 3 reached the men when dropped by the C-119 Packet, which could not slow sufficiently to make accurate drops. 

To save money, the Indian Army had been recovering and repacking supply parachutes, many were so worn they broke. After a load was successfully dropped, the men had to haul it over distances of several kilometers and elevations of thousands of vertical feet with liquid in their lungs.  



Even today is there a single Armed Forces Veteran in the Rajya Sabha? - who can be the voice of the over one crore ex-servicemen and their families.  

We are more interested in Sachin Tendulkar mouthing PR nonsense in a squeaky AAIGA voice.  

We love to see a moth eaten Rekha (whose husband Mukesh Agarwal committed suicide ), upstaging—nay— fingering a hissing Jaya Bachchan.   These are our fuc#in’ icons , right?   Do we deserve anything better when this is the lousy way we treat our armed forces?

It is a great irony that 1.11 lakh Indian soldiers were killed in WW1 and 2.43 lakhs Indian soldiers were killed in WW2.  There was NO hue and cry for those unfortunate souls sacrificed by Rothschild stooge Gandhi who called for mass recruitment.   

Gandhi's non-violence principle said it is OK to kill Germans, but it is VERY BAD violence to kill the white invader the British. Today we worship a stooge Gandhi and condemn a great patriot like VK Krishna Menon. 

During the war, everyone from General to Jawan to officials and the media was tuned into Radio Peking to find out what was going on in our own country. 

An upset  President Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan said it all when he indicted the government for its “credulity and negligence" . 

Nehru himself confessed, artfully using the plural, “WE were getting out of touch with reality… and WE are living in an artificial world of our own creation” .  Till then it was I, ME, I ME  all  the way.  

UPA and Sonia Gandhi are reluctant to hurt themselves and their icon Nehru, by disclosing the Henderson Brooks report.  Truth, consequently, has perforce to wear a mask. For them the Nehru dynasty is more important than India or Indians.



Gen  Kaul and GenThimmaya wrote books for posterity, which made them smell of roses. 

Vengalil Krishnan Krishna Menon did NOT write a book, or break his silence till he died on 6th Oct 1974.   

He could have taken Nehru to the cleaners if he wished, but he chose to keep quiet and honour his friend.  Gratitude and character came through.

Gen Cariappa tried a hand in politics by standing for elections-- and he lost his deposit.  I am sure CIA would have been overjoyed if he had won.  

But you see today we have a Prime Minister Manmohan Singh who has been shoved in via the back door ( via Rajya Sabha ) --thanks to the Italian queen bee. Manmohan Singh was made a Finance minister in 1991 also via the back door.  Manmohan Singh worked for a Rothschild financial concern before he became India's Finance Minister, as a part of re-orientation.  He was the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.

China and Russia leaning Krishna Menon was a rising star in Indian politics. He won his elections from Mumbai with facile margins. His growing mass appeal both within and outside the country was causing great consternation in Washington.  

VK Krishna Menon could not stomach the Rothschild stooge likes of Field Marshal Cariappa, General K.S. Thimayya and Gen Thorat whom he saw representing a particular class and Zionist banking cartel interest group rather than the mother land . He also did NOT approve of Nehru dancing to Edwina’s tune.  Edwina was a Rothschild, like Winston Churchill.

Krishna Menon was least affected by the arm twisting money crunch exerted by Rothschild in India, and continued to follow his anti-American agenda. Washington was palpably worried, as Menon’s political boat began gathering wind, the Americans knew, it was time to pull back. By now, it appears that Nehru too was beginning to understand the game. The process of purging began with easing of Finance Minister CD Deshmukh and replacing him with T.T. Krishnamachari (TTK).   Krishnamachari ensured that Benegal Rama Rau too was removed from the RBI.

Soon after Rama Rao’s exit a Calcutta-based Marwari businessman named Haridas Mundhra’s dubious share transactions with the Life Insurance Corporation (LIC) amounting to Rs. 1.25 crores were revealed by the media.  Feroze Gandhi, Nehru’s son-in-law added fuel to the fire by disclosing the confidential correspondence between the then Finance Minister T.T. Krishnamachari and his principal finance secretary, and raised a question in Parliament on the sale of ‘fraudulent’ shares to LIC. Haridas Mundhra . Mundhra was Calcutta-based industrialist and stock speculator who was found guilty and imprisoned in the first big financial scandal of free India in the 1950s. 

The Mundhra scandal exposed the rifts between the then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru and his son-in-law Feroze Gandhi, and also led to the resignation of India's then finance minister T. T. Krishnamachari .  Born into a trading family, Mundhra started life as a light-bulb salesman, and pyramided his holdings by "fast deals and stock juggling"into a Rs. 4 crore (USD 10 million) empire. However, by the mid-50s, his business empire was unravelling, and he came to be known for his somewhat questionable ethics. In 1956, he was indicted by the Bombay Stock Exchange for selling forged shares.

The second big corruption scandal of independent India that was christened ‘Mundhra scandal’ ended with the scalp of TT Krishnamachari, who was replaced as finance minister by Rothschild favourite Moraji Desai. Seymour Myron Hersh’s disclosures about Morarji’s CIA connections has revealed that Morarji Desai was under Rothschild and CIA mentoring as early as 1950.

Menon’s unflinching faith in Non-Aligned Movement - his deep understanding of the ongoing imperial mechanizations in the post-colonial era had made his opponents brand him as ‘crypto communist’.  Menon was steering a dangerous course. 

For a leader of a newly independent, cash strapped nation with miniscule military muscle - to openly take on - a diehard anti-communist like John Foster Dulles, the US secretary of state - was asking for direct access into the CIA’s hit list.  He could have been easily eliminated by a golden bullet, but that could have led to the surge in strength of the forces that the USA wanted to curtail. Therefore, Menon was given the proverbial ‘long rope to hang’. 

The crushing defeat in a war with communist China not only nipped Menon in the bud but also ensured that in Indian perception the communists became traitors.  Perhaps, it is the realization of this objective that made Rothschild man YB Chavan see victory in defeat, when he said “The first casualties of the unashamed aggression of the Chinese on India are Marxism and Leninism.” 


Chavan was correct because the Chinese war decimated not only Nehru but also politically eliminated Krishna Menon who was considered more dangerous than Nehru to the continuation of capitalism and Rothschild banking in India.  

In December 1961, Menon once again thwarted Western designs by making sure that the Portuguese were driven out of Goa. This enhanced his reputation further making him a natural successor to Nehru. This was neither good news for free market followers in India nor for American foreign policy. 

The arrival of 1962 general elections and Krishna Menon’s resounding victory against Acharya JB Kripalani from North Bombay constituency had convinced Nehru’s detractors that Krishna Menon had to be nipped in the bud. These elections were hyped up as a clash between “socialism and reaction” by the left and according to Kripalani as the fight between “Gandhism and Marxism”. 

The Rothschild controlled Indian press all other mainstream newspapers launched a scathing attack on Menon. The elections had acquired international dimensions with the Time magazine putting Menon on its cover page, openly declaring that “America have an important stake in this outside elections”. 

VK Krishna Menon must not be denied credit for the good work that he did as defence minister. He gave a big boost to self-reliance in indigenous defence production and brought about some economies in defence expenditure. 

The Rothschild controlled press did their best in driving wedges between whoever VK Krishna Menon dealt with.  There was this Khadi versus Khaki blitzkrieg, to show CIA favourite Gen Thimayya smelling of roses against VK Krishna Menon.  

But Nehru, backed Menon all the way.   

Probably Zionist encyclopedia , Wikipedia has been kinder to Hitler and Saddam Hussain than VK Krishna Menon. They described him as boorish, vitriolic, intolerant, arrogant, impatient,exigent, evil, Rasputin —but one thing they could not accuse him of was being daft or being a traitor. 



When VK Krishna Menon  resigned there was an unofficial  party at the Pentagon.

CIA had used his enemies in India to implicate him in a Jeep scam. VK Krishna Menon said often – “controversy chases me and I always meet it halfway”.

V.K.Krishna Menon became Defence Minister in 1957 bringing with him a fresh breath of air into a ministry that had been ignored for eight years. Menon fought for his men, improved their pay scales, introduced welfare programs and so on. 


Being a visionary , Menon was a driven soul..  He could see things that others do not see , and would  immediately march to a different drummer and play by new rules.. and Nehru loved it.   

World leaders even from USA and UK sought VK Krishna Menon’s advise on world conflict matters which did NOT concern India, as he consistently made superior evaluations and so could anticipate better than others.

He believed that those who are not lighting any candles should not bitch about the dark.  He did NOT care for consensus from mediocre people , and did not have any  fear of conflict  with babus or the illiterate MPs in the Parliament..

He believed that a person who suffers a incompetent subordinate is himself incompetent. He rewarded extraordinary efforts and liked people who did the extra mile beyond the call of duty. 




When Krishna Menon saw the ill equipped condition of the 3.5 million strong army, especially their use of Lee Enfield 0.303 bolt action rifles, World War 1 vintage, he was apalled. He pressed for automatic SLR’s and other defense expenditures to modernize the armed forces.  But his detractors would not allow it.  

Menon again proposed doubling of the officer strength in the army and manufacture of automatic weapons but the proposal was shot down by Gen Thimayya who wanted to buy from USA.  Menon was forced to start a longer gestating program of indigenous manufacture with Ordnance factories. 

The grave situation was made even worse by constant stone walling by the Rothschild man Finance Minister Morarji Desai,  who would NOT allow the release of essential foreign exchange to buy what little equipment that had been sanctioned.




Menon had a purpose; he wanted young India to be viewed in the right light and on par with all others, not as a country of snake charmers and beggars.  He was a master in tearing asunder the mask of hypocrisy and laying bare the naked  truth.  He was harsh because he could not suffer fools.  



Intellectually he was a giant and had the best in an argument always , and it is the habit of the world to compensate the loss with abuse. “What his critics in India and United States had failed to accomplish, his Chinese “friends” brought about with amazing suddeness.” And the rest, as they say is history.  

Krishna Menon who was one of the first Indians to be on the cover of Time magazine, told in confidence many years later that nobody in India appreciated the fact that India 'encroached on 4,000 sqm of territory belonging to China'—and that when he became defence minister there was no army worth the name and no equipment worth the mention.



Above -- see Rothschild's TIME magazine showing VK Krishna Menon as a snake charmer, with Cobra and flute -- and there was nobody in the Western world who could match this man's amazing intellect.

Menon’s strategy was to fight the Chinese on the low warm grounds , with more men , as we were not really equipped for high altitude warfare, he was quickly branded a traitor for trying to let the enemy in, resulted in our taking on the enemy at the heights with 303 rifles and a handful of ammunition – and the loss..

Half a world away in Washington, the Kennedy administration who allowed the war to happen , saw India’s crisis as an ideal diplomatic opportunity. If the US played its cards correctly, military aid to India had the potential of drawing India into the American orbit and driving a wedge between China and the Soviet Union, and this they did . 

Have you notices the Obama Mitt Romney debate part 3 today? —how well they plan into the future and that too on TV.

China recognizes McMahon Line as its boundary with Myanmar, but not with India. Till date, it has not revealed its perception of the LAC which might prevent a major war in future.

Amongst the guilty, next to Nehru, and the military leaders, was the low perception , gullible and boorish opposition in the Parliament . They were largely responsible for pushing Nehru into a corner and forcing him to fight the Chinese at the wrong time and place. Nor can they escape responsibility for ignoring the defense needs after 1959.

The Gold Control Act was legislation enacted in India in 1962. After the Indo-China War in 1962, due to loss of foreign exchange reserves, the government of India enacted the Gold Control Act., 1962, prohibiting the citizens from holding pure gold bars and coins. The gold holdings in pure gold had to be compulsorily converted into jewelry and that had to be declared. Only licensed dealers were allowed to deal in pure gold bars and coins. New gold jewelry purchases were either recycled or smuggled gold. This legislation killed the official gold market and a large unofficial market sprung up dealing in cash only. The gold was smuggled in and sold through the unofficial channel wherein, many jewelers and bullion traders traded in smuggled gold. A huge black market developed for gold.

In 1990, India had a major foreign exchange problems and was on verge of default on external liabilities. The Indian economy was very stable. But Rothschild tweaked the rating agencies and their empirical computer formulas, to put Indian economy in very bad shape. 

Meanwhile Rothschild mentored a person by the name of Manmohan Singh . 

He was made the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.  

The Indian Govt. driven to despair, under PM Chandrasekhar pledged 40 tons gold from their reserves with Rothschild’s  Bank of England and “saved the day”. 

Rothschild controlled World Bank and IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Singh was made Finance Minister of India . 

Subsequently, India embarked upon the path of economic liberalization.  And later Italian WTE ( waitress turned empress ) would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Singh as our PM-- going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy.      



It is high time India has some patriotic and perceptive souls as advisors to the Finance and Defence ministries.  



It is in India’s interest to settle its border disputes with China, and NOT allow it fester, the way Pakistan, USA and Russia wants. The principle will be --give some take some.



TRUTH WAS THE BIGGEST CASUALITY OF THE SINO INDIAN WAR IN 1962.  
********************************************************************
SURENDRANATH BANNERJEE GETS KNIGHTED FOR HELPING BRITISH WITH DIVIDE AND RULE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



SURENDRANATH BANNERJEE , THE BRITISH STOOGE - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

I am filled with disgust and revulsion while penning this post. 

But still I must.   I had made a promise to my first reader when I started blogging 2 years ago--that I will bury false gods and exhume real heroes.

Today I shall bury a false god by the name of SIR Surendranath Bannerjee.

Indians must understand something very clearly. The British never knighted a Indian freedom fighter, unless he was THEIR TYPE of freedom fighter. 

65 desh drohi Parsis were knighted by Rothschild before Indian Independence.

At the height of Surendra Bannerjee's popularity he was worshiped by the Bengalis by the sobriquet RASHTRA GURU.( Guru of the nation ).  

By the time he died they saw through him, doodh ka doodh paani ka paani, as a British stooge and hardly anybody bothered to attend his funeral.

But the British themselves have portrayed him as a great patriot in our Social studies and History books of Indian schools and colleges.

There was a gang of thieves . Half of them started a security agency,where they would guard rich houses in fancy uniform. The other half worked as thieves to steal from the same houses guarded by their comrades in uniform. Inside jobs are very hard to crack when it comes to heists. 

The Indian National Congress set up by the British to free India from British slavery was one such crypto agency .

Surendranath Bannerjee was born on 10th Nov 1848, to a doctor, who was a Free mason.  Surendranath  was also a Free Mason. 

Surendranath Bannerjee was installed as the President of the Indian National Congress, in 1895 (Poona) and in 1902 ( Ahmedabad )

He was the mentor of Gopal Krishna Gokhale who in turn was the mentor of Mahatma Gandhi.

I want you to read a critical post MAHATMA GANDHI, RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY- 
VADAKAYIL, after you finish reading this post to find out how--

-- the British imported a brainwashed Gandhi from South Africa, using Gokhale, and planted him in India  to sabotage the Indian freedom movement which was snowballing with unstoppable fury-- 

-- so much that they had to shift the capital from Calcutta to Delhi..

All of the Indian freedom fighting movement history which you learnt is all a BIG WHITE LIE.

Rothschild  sponsored his education in London and he travelled to London in 1874 and returned in 1875. He was brainwashed there at Middle Temple , with Edmund Burke's philosophy.  

In 1875 before he came back he founded the crypto freedom fighting organisation "British Indian Association" whose minutes of the meeting would be read by Rothschild.

Edmund Burke was the "Paymaster of the British forces" , an exalted treasurer post created by Rothschild, the owner of British East India Company.

After returning to India he taught English at the the FREE CHURCH.

Before this brainwashing period Rothscild educated Surendra Banerjee in England .  His father put him on a ship on 3rd March 1868, without telling his mother.  At Southampton a Rothschild stooge Womesh Chunder Bonnerjee received him. 



WC Bannerjee though a Brahmin, had converted himself and his family to Christianity, and was later the First President of Indian National Congress at Bombay in 1885.   WC was President of INC again in 1892 at Allahabad.  Gen JN Chaudhuri , the Chief of Indian Army was his grandson.

Can you believe this , Dadabhai Naoroji the Opium agent of Rothschild in England was also one of the founder fathers of the INC, the crypto freedom fighting agency. 

Dadhabhai Naoroji given the sobriquet of the "Grand old man of India"  in our school Social studies and History text books , was in England was 51 years --  ring a bell? 

We Indians are monkeys, right?
  
In 1879, he founded the newspaper, The Bengalee.   In 1883, when Banerjee was arrested for publishing remarks in his paper, in contempt of court, protests and hartals erupted across Bengal, and in Indian cities such as Agra, Faizabad, Amritsar, Lahore and Pune  . 

All this was a sham to get into the hearts of the Indians. The British and Rothschild controlled press did massive propaganda.

Banerjee was a highly vocal figure in the Swadeshi movement - advocating goods manufactured in India against foreign products .  He was arrested for singing Vande Mataram which was banned—all a big sham. 

On 14 April 1906 Surendranath Banerjee led a huge public procession against that ban in Barisal (now in Bangladesh).  He was heavily fined for public consumption.   - and his popularity at its apex made him , in words of his gullible Bengali admirers, the uncrowned king of Bengal.

Surendranath Banerjee supported the Morley-Minto reforms 1909 – which were resented by all patriotic Indians. 

The Indian Councils Act 1909 , commonly known as the Morley-Minto Reforms, was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that brought about the right of separate electorate for the Indian Muslims , to split the unity of the Indian Freedom movement.  

Only Muslims could now vote for candidates for the Muslim seats.

On 01 July 1909,  a great patriot Madan Lal Dhingra assassinated Curzon Wylie at a public meeting in London.  Surendranath Bannejee sent an open letter condemning Dhingra's actions to the press, and this made the British and Rothschild very happy.
  
Surendranath Banerjee actively supported the Montagu-Chelmsford reforms (1919 ) where besides Muslims, other minorities including Sikhs, Anglo-Indians, Christians and Europeans were also given the right of separate electorate—a blatant divide and rule policy. Very few Indians could actually vote.
  
He was elected to the reformed Legislative Council of Bengal in 1921.  He threw caution to the winds, and accepted the portfolio of minister in the Bengal government.  

This earned him the ire of all Indian freedom fighters and much of the public. 

He was knighted in 1921 by a grateful Rothschild for his political support of the British Empire, and then the whole of India knew that he was a traitor in disguise. 

He lost the next election to the Bengal Legislative Assembly in 1923 to Bidhan Chandra Roy, the candidate of the Swarajya Party,  in a most humiliating manner – ending his British sponsored political career for all practical purposes.  



Surendranath Bannerjee died at Barrackpore on August 6, 1925 a broken man ,  with hardly anybody attending the funeral of the “uncrowned king” and “ the guru of the nation”.

What a mighty fall from grace !

There is a saying WHEN THE JACKAL HAS TO DIE , SHE RUNS TOWARDS THE CITY.

Now punch into Google search -- 
MAHATMA GANDHI, RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY- VADAKAYIL

Below is the current president of the INC--  the honorable WTE ( waitress turned empress ).
********************************************************************
EVERY BREATH YOU TAKE , I'LL BE WATCHING YOU- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE ILLUMINATI , FREE MASONS , TOWER OF BABEL,  EU PARLIAMENT ,  EURO,  AADHAAR ID CARD,  ADAM WEISHAUPT,  TEMPLAR KNIGHTS,  NIMROD,  TRIPLE GODS , MAGNA CARTA, TREATY OF VERONA 1213, ROTHSCHILD BANKING CARTEL- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Freemasons and Illuminati are NOT the same.


Greek Pythagoras started a secret society called the Pythagorean Brotherhood devoted to the study of mathematics and Hindu mysticism such as re-incarnation , which is now known as Freemasons.  

Pythagoras studied Mathematics , in the Kerala School of Mathematics, India, nearly 2500 years ago. 

Punch into Google search ISAAC NEWTON, THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL. 

Freemasonry became popular in Europe , with the advent of the Templar Knights of crusades fame. 

Punch into Google search SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS- VADAKAYIL.

The first Masonic lodge was established at Scotland by the descendants of the Templar Knights.

Illuminati was a secret sect invented by German Jew Rothschild using a fellow German Jew Joseph Johann Adam Weishaupt to infiltrate Freemasonry, in 1776 . 




This was to take advantage of the Grand Orient Freemason Lodges to cloak the true nature of their FUTURE evil drug running and slave running work in philanthropy and to spread their atheistic-materialistic ideology.

Adam Weishaupt recruited more than 2100 agents.  He chose the most intelligent men in the field of arts and letters, education, Math, science, finance, and industry.  

Weishaupt was given a unlimited expense account by Rothschild, to mentor and tutor these chosen mercenaries, who were well paid on the best methods of bribing, manipulating and controlling people, public opinion and the press. 

Weishaupt used the methods employed by Voltaire, to achieve such brainwashing mind control. Once in there was no way out-- only death.

Weishaupt reorganized the Illuminati by May 1, 1776.  This is the famous May Day which the whole world celebrates.  In Germany, Walpurgisnacht,  the night from 30 April to 1 May,  is the night when witches are reputed to hold a large celebration on the Brocken and await the arrival of spring.


The new order was  called  “the Bavarian Illuminati”.  Adam adopted the code name “Spartacus”, as he considered himself a liberator of the human consciousness and of the dogmas and religions that enslaved men.  The mission of the Illuminati order was the abolition of all monarchical governments and state religions in Europe and its colonies.


The order formed an elaborate network of spies and counter-spies throughout Europe. Adam Weishaupt himself was initiated into the Masonic Lodge "Theodor zum guten Rath", at Munich in 1777.

The term Illuminati, is derived from Lucifer, meaning “holder of the light.”  The plan deceptively uses the phrase “peace on earth” and necessitates the destruction of all existing governments and religions through a process of dividing the masses into opposing warring camps in ever increasing numbers on political, social, economic, and other issues. 

People would fight and weaken themselves and gradually destroy national governments and religious institutions.  


On the 22 of June 1784, the Bavarian authorities on some indide information raided Adam Weishaupt’s home on how to control all facets of Freemasonry,  overthrown all European Monarchies and put an end to the Catholic Church using the same methods that the Jesuits used to protect it from Protestantism. 

Writings that were intercepted in 1784 were interpreted as seditious, and the Illuminati Society was banned by the government of Karl Theodor, Elector of Bavaria, in 1784.  Weishaupt was sacked from the University of Ingolstadt and he promptly went underground. The shocked Bavarian authorities ordered the prosecution of all members of Freemasonry and the Illuminati.  

However, Weishaupt and his family was rescued by Rothschild with the helped of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha-Altenburg ( also a member of the Illuminati ). He lived in Gotha under the Duke's protection until his death on the 18th of November 1830.


Owner of British East India Company Rothschild, (Mayer) died on September 19, 1812. Through his will, he left an enormous amount of gold ( Tipu Sultan’s gold in 1799 , which Tipu stole from Kerala temples ) to his five sons and “business” instructions pertaining to marriage, total family control and absolute secrecy. 

Rothschild policies include “total ruthlessness in all business dealings.”  Everything is shrouded in secrecy, a characteristic they subtly impose on their multitudes of minions who, through careful observation, have discovered that discreetness is much more conducive to their general well-being. 

Every money-making opportunity is just business – war, terror, genocide, mass public plunder, opium drug running, black slave running,  – all disguised with the ‘right rhetoric’ for mass acceptability. The Rothschild family epitomized the phrase ‘international banker. 

Now punch into Google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY – VADAKAYIL.

This will give you an idea who their US agents are. For gradually Rothschild withdrew from the limelight and altered their procedures for fleecing individuals and countries. They now operate through and behind a wide variety of fronts and agents. 

You will not even find their name in Forbes Fortune 500, though they are worth hundreds of times more than all the 500 filthy rich put together. Nobody dares even to utter their name.Washington's portrait on the U.S. one-dollar bill is known to actually be Weishaupt's — it has more resemblance to Weishaupt than Washington.





The date of its foundation adorns the back of the one US dollar bill: 1776—1st May.  Most people falsely believe that the number 1776 refers to the date of America’s declaration of independence.

The Freemason and Illuminati symbols are lifted from a cave in Kerala by the name of Edakkal caves ( 1.5 hours drive from my home in calicut ) --which has 14000 year old carvings.   Mind you Noah Ark episode is dated at 2500 BC-- what a joke!

Punch into Google search EDAKKAL CAVES - VADAKAYIL

Check out the 9 tail feathers and the Freemason symbol-- and be surprised.




Actually it represents the establishment of the Illuminati, who are not only founding a “New Order of the Ages” (the phrase Novus Ordo Seclorum is written beneath the pyramid on the dollar bill), but also a “New World Order” with their own dictatorship at the top.

It is known now that it was Jew Franklin D. Roosevelt,( the stooge of Rothschild’s  US agent Bernard Baruch ), the US President - who ordered this motif to be printed on the back of the dollar bill in 1933. 

According to Illuminati plans, the not-so-distant objective is world domination. Thanks to the internet, millions of people are slowly beginning to understand the relationship between the Illuminati and the central banking Zionist cartel who control the US Federal Reserve.

The European Parliamentary building in Strasburg, France shown below is modeled upon the famous painting by Pieter Brueghel 'The Tower of Babel' -

It has been designed to resemble an unfinished building complete with rings around its exterior appearing similar to scaffolding.

Genesis 11:1,  “And the whole earth was of one language, and of one speech.”





The Tower of Babel was never finished.  

Genesis 11:8, “So the LORD scattered them abroad from thence upon the face of all the earth: and they left off to build the city. Genesis 11:1-9 teaches us about the Tower of Babel, when men attempted to unite together against the Lord. 

Genesis 11:6 tells us WHY God stopped them... Genesis 11:6, “And the LORD said, Behold, the people is one, and they have all one language; and this they begin to do: and now nothing will be restrained from them, which they have imagined to do.”

The drive of the Rothchild banking cartel and their Zionist allies is to create a one-world government combining super-capitalism and Communism under the same tent, all under their control...


So what did Communism do in Russia.  

First it stole the enormous wealth from the Czar. All the Czars’s diamonds were from India. Then the Russian people were NOT allowed to own anything  as they survived with low salaries and food stamps, like animals in a zoo.  Everything belonged to the government.   

So soon all people wealth went to the Communist party Jew members staying comfortably in dachas.  Once all the wealth of the common man was sucked out like a vacuum cleaner, we had Perestroika and Glasnost, right?

The so-called “Russian Revolution” of 1917 was not a Russian phenomenon at all, but rather a well-organized and executed Jewish coup d’etat. the Bolshevik leaders were all “Russian Hebrews” who had previously lived in America “anywhere from 3 to 12 years.”.  

In Russia it is well known that 65% of the Bolshevik leaders are Jewish-- 90 percent of whom were returned exiles. 

Lenin spoke Yiddish as well as other languages, married Nadezhda Konstantinovna Krupskaya who is a Jewish woman.  

Stalin's two wives were Jewish and so was his mistress. Boris Yeltsin married Stalin’s daughter. 

Gorbachev of Perestroika and Glasnost fame who broke up USSR was a crypto Jew. 

Karl Marx was a Rothschild, by blood. 

Czar Nicholas II,  was neither charged nor tried. He was secretly put to death - along with his family and staff -- in the dead of night, in an act that resembled more a US mafia gangster-style massacre . 

After coming to power, Jew Trotsky became Lenin’s right-hand man. It was actually Trotsky who ruled Russia during Lenin’s illness. As leader of the Red Army, he led all of Russia into a bloody civil war. This cruel man's real name was Leiba Bronstein.  

Stalin was surrounded by Jews throughout the entirety of his brutal reign, with the ferocious Jew Lazar Kaganovich at his right hand . One of Stalin’s Jewish wives was Rosa Kaganovich, the sister of Lazar Kaganovich, .

Russia's concentration camps and slave labor system were "staffed in its upper echelons by Jewish Communists. In 1935, in the Central Committee of the Russian Communist Party, consisting of 59 members, 95 per cent were Jews. 

The Rothschilds also had a multi-generational feud with the Czars of Russia, the only royalty who would not cooperate with the Rothschilds. 

The Illuminati did NOT want to be known as the nouveau rich--and that too with shady drug and slave money..  

They wanted a proper honorable history for themselves, equating them with AVATARS of Hindu gods, which they cooked up for themselves. They wanted to be even older than the Mormon religion which they created for themselves.

So who are the Mormons--Mitt Romney is one.  In India we have plenty of Mormons who do all desh drohi things.

In 1821 a young treasure seeker in USA named Joseph Smith claimed to have had a vision from God. First he said it was from Jesus, then he said from Jesus and many angels, and then he said that it was from Jesus and God the Father. This is what they go by today. Mormons claim that Joseph Smith was visited by Jesus and God the father. - but the Bible tells that no man can look upon the face of God and live.  He was also visited by a so-called angel named Moroni, who supposedly told him about a secret manuscript, written on golden plates, telling the true Gospel. And that he was to translate this into the Book of Mormon.


The Watchtower Society (Jehovah’s Witnesses) was also funded into existence by the Rothschilds.


So what there are so many modern religions--say for example the Sikh religion , where they pray to Guru Nanak. 

It is a wonder how Guru Nanak went to Mecca, for in those days , you get killed , if you cannot prove that you are a Muslim,  by circumcision , and they were very scared of the Shiva lingam black meteorite stone inset at the SE corner of Kaaba ( 5 feet above the ground ) getting vandalized..

They even used TRIPLE agents for this vulgar and immoral propaganda-- " see folks, we are old money and old noble class, denizens" .

These triple agents became famous by criticizing them, and then once they won the trust of the people, started writing how these Illuminati mortals change forms and have a different type of blood, and their ancient roots starting right from the big flood and Noah's ark of the hoary past --

-- for ZE awe factor--

BLAH BLAH BLAH!


How did papa Rothschild give so much money to Nathan Rothschild to start Central world banking and to finance a private army of Hessians?

This was Tipu Sultan’s gold. Four of British East India Company’s fastest clipper ships made of Kerala teak wood, were waiting for 3 months to cart away tonnes of gold , worth 300 Billion in those days and in Trillions now.

Tipu Sultan’s gold came from the hidden underground basement vaults Kerala temples , mainly from my hometown Calicut , the capital of a stable kingdom for 7 millenniums, till the Portuguese came in 1498 and landed at Calicut . This gold was the fruit of 6000 years of spice trade .

Most of this pure gold is from the gold mines of Timbuctoo. King Solomon paid in gold for the spices , teak wood and sandalwood.

Who are these German Jew Rothschilds? They made their money by Opium drug smuggling from India to China.

In 1799 Rothschild bribed the Commander General cum Prime Minister Mir Saadiq to kill Tipu Sultan , and then dressed him up and put him in the battle field outside the fort of Srirangapatnam , to make it appear that he was killed in Battle.



Then of course as usual they fired thousands of rockets and guns merrily into the air, to make it appear that a great storming of the citadel was going on. No wall of the fort was breached by rockets and cannons, as written by British historians . 

The door of the fort were thrown open by Mir Sadeeq on 4th May 1799. . All Tipu Sultan loyalists soldiers were sent away to stand in queue for wage distribution.

Tipu himself was having his food, when he was killed  by a single shot from close quarters on his left cheek. He was also stabbed three times on his chest and later dumped outside on the field among the dead at dusk .




The British did great propaganda that Tipu Sultans gunpowder and rockets were wet, as they deliberately flooded the armoury in the basements. 

The dirty truth is whatever rockets and gunpowder was supplied to Tipu Sultan by the French was Rothschild’s French family arm , armament goods.  The French ruler Philippe-Antoine Merlin de Douai was under the influence of Rothschild money.  A few days after Tipu’s treasure was in Rothschilds hands they got rid of Phillipe, and gave him a good pension . 

None of the rockets would have exploded even if they were dry.  The British had the Maratha army and the Nizam of Hyderabad’s soldiers with them just in case Mir Sadiq could not deliver the goods.  

Mir Sadiq and his assistant Mir Moinuddin , who were bribed by Rothschild man Lord  Wellesely , were both murdered by the British and made it appear as if they were killed by Tipu Sultan loyalists.

Why did Rotschild wait till 1799, to take out Tipu Sultan? Why wait for 4 Anglo Mysore wars?

The truth is by taking Tipu Sultan’s 2 sons as hostage, after the 3rd Anglo Mysore war, and snatching away half his kingdom, they got him to trust the French.  



This is based on the Illuminati motto: BY WAY OF DECEIT WE DO BUSINESS AND WAR.

Tipu sultan vacuumed the gold from Kerala temples using spy information from the local Mappilas —half breed Muslim mulatos , half Malayali and half Arab.  

It was a dirty time consuming job to blast all temples with rockets and remove the gold. And a Jew never did a time consuming hard work . 

A big joke will be a story starting with — “ There was a Jew working in a coal mine—“



Now let us check out the London Olympics--also known as the ZIONIST OLYMPICS or ILLUMINATI OLYMPICS or ROTHSCHILD OLYMPICS.



Above Lynn and Evelyn Rothschild holding the flame.

The Indian contingent was very surprised to see Jew Winston Churchill, whose mother Jenny Jerome is Rothschild, waving -- a huge model.   Why mix politics with sport?





Below the London Olympics mascot with the Illuminati eye.






The London Olympics began with an orchestra playing a piece actually called, “Nimrod,” by Enigma Variations.  Nimrod was the legendary ruler who built the Tower of Babel.  

Babel was the first one world and occult government that God judged!  Of all the themes the Olympics orchestra found only a occult musical piece entitled, “Nimrod,”,  that made reference to Babylon!

The Maypole dance at the Olympics is an ancient occult and pagan dance.  It is based on a fertility rite in the worship of pagan ( Hindu ) gods.  The Maypole represents the male principle (the Shiva Lingam phallus-sic!) and the ribbons represent the female ( Shakti ) principle, with the virgins of the goddess Isis.  Isis is named after Semiramis, who was Nimrod’s wife.

After the Olympic bell was rung, a song named “Jerusalem” was sung by a young boy before he was joined by a children’s choir.

The children’s choir continued to sing as a man read from Shakespeare’s “The Tempest.”--  Caliban’s , half-man, half-beast lines.

Is all this representative of British Culture they wanted to show case at a pride event like London Olympics? Why has Seb Coe who micromanaged the games allowed all this? 

Hey, Seb why not the banking cartel represented by Shylock -- or the thieving cartel represented by Fagin ?-- both byproducts of your literary giants?  

Why pagan stuff? 

pray? 

prithee?


The cooked up lore is that Rothschilds consider themselves to be descendants of Nimrod.  And that Nimrod was the first to teach the arts of masonry as in the tower of Babel.   Nimrod was a  Mesopotamian king who founded the city of Babylon and established the first great empire after Noah's flood.  



His commissioning the creation of the Tower of Babel in direct opposition to God, a direct challenge. Nimrod sought to turn men away from God by setting up a tyrannical government and setting up a new religion.

In fact, the new religion centered around Nimrod and his mother-become-wife Semiramis. These two/three eventually evolved into Baal worship from which all the pagan religions of the Middle East and Europe later developed.  Nimrod is thus the primary founder of Masonry.



He was the grandson of one of Noah's "most wicked" son, Ham, therefore great grandson of Noah. The Temple of Solomon, the place where in they built the tower is now called Babylon.

Freemasons  are required to take the "Oath of Nimrod", as a part of the initiation process for the "indentured apprentice".   English Freemasons substituted 'Nimrod' for the name of Lucifer.



Oath of Nimrod Apprentice Degree (1st)
I, _______, do in the presence of El Shaddai and of this Worshipful Assembly of Free Masons, Rough Masons, Wallers, Slaters, Paviors, Plasterers and Bricklayers, promise and declare that I will not at any time hereafter, by any act or circumstance whatsoever, directly or indirectly, write, print, cut, mark, publish, discover, reveal, or make known, any part or parts of the Trade secrets, privileges, or counsels of the Worshipful Fraternity or Fellowship of Free Masonry, which I may have known at any time, or at any time hereafter shall be made known unto me.
The penalty for breaking this great oath shall be the loss of my life.
That I shall be branded with the mark of the Traitor and slain according to ancient custom by being throttled, that my body shall be buried in the rough sands of the sea a cable’s length from the shore where the tide regularly ebbs and flows twice in the twenty-four hours, so that my soul shall have no rest by night or by day
(Candidate Signs the O.B.)



The universal sentiment of the Illuminati of the present day is to confer upon Solomon, the King of Israel, the honor of being their first Grand Master.

Little do they know that King Solomon’s mother Bath Sheba was from Kerala—and King Solomon’s wife Queen of Sheba who gave him all the sandal wood for the staircase of his palace was also from Kerala.  

Nor do they know that Abraham is Hindu God Brahma and Sara is Brahma's wife Saraswati.  

And the Tower of Babel is nothing but the Hindu concept of Mount Meru--the churning rod of Samudra Manthan.

If you really want to know what Meru is -- punch into Google search --


BEYOND 21ST DEC 2012-- OPENING YOUR THIRD EYE WITH NATURAL AMBROSIA -  VADAKAYIL

and

SAMUDRA MANTHAN AGAIN ON 21ST DEC 2012-- VADAKAYIL

This will do you more good that reading nonsense about Illuminati and Freemasons who are Little Bo Peeps in the woods..


This is what happens when the dang cooks and spin doctors are no good!

Nimrod was the first man to seek power for its own sake. From this will to power came cruelty and decadence , and he is credited for having founded Freemasonry and for building the legendary Tower of Babel, in defiance of God's will.

At the end of WWII there was a committee that was sent out throughout Europe to do a study of all of the churches that had been destroyed by the war, and they discovered to their shock that 95% of the big churches were built on Pagan ( Hindu ) temple basements, all built on the occult points of Vaastu. This provided a big boost for Pagan and occult spin doctors.

After the great flood, Nimrod was the founder of both Babylon and Nineveh, the two great cities of antiquity which became, ultimately, enemies of Israel. 



When Nimrod died his wife Semiramis  realised that  without him she might lose power, so she devised a clever plan.  Semiramis got herself pregnant with another man.  

She told everyone that the child in her womb was none other than Nimrod being reborn.  This was the beginning of the greatest perversion...the concept of  a 'father/son' deity.  

Since Semiramis  became pregnant a few months after Nimrod's death, to cover up her bull story she claimed that her baby was Nimrod re-incarnated.  So now she claimed that she was both the Father and the son.  The divine mother who gave birth to this divine son was Isis, the Egyptian name for Semiramis.  

Thus there were now three gods to whom worship was due-- a father god, a son god, and a holy mother goddess--yet all of these were to be considered equal, because they were all to be considered equal parts of a triune god.



These three—Osiris (Nimrod), Isis (Semiramis) and Horus (the son)- came to be exalted as a triad of deities y of gods. \


One of the Rothschild even had Nimrod in his name , for good measure --Albert Anselm Salomon Nimrod de Rothschild (1922 - 1938) –how do you like that?.  

SNIFF!

In Babylon it was Nimrod, Semiramas, and Tammuz. In Egypt it was Osiris,  Isis, and Horus.  In Plato's philosophy it was the Unknown Father, Nous/Logos, and the world. The Greek triad was composed of Zeus, Athena and Apollo. Romans had their Trinity of Jupiter, Mercury and Venus.  

All this  is basically a very crude and vulgar lift of the Pagan (Hindu)  god trinity of Brahma ( the creator)—Vishnu ( the preserver ) –Shiva ( the destroyer ) . The female equivalent are their wives of Saraswati- Laxmi- Parvati.

Hinduism is the first religion on the planet, and is the mother of all religions.  Everything else came nearly 9000 years later.


Did you watch the Presidential debate on TV. Both Obama and Mitt Romney were competing with each other to prove who loves Israel more, who love the banking cartel more. Rothschild owns most of Israel. Both the Republican and the democrat candidates are chosen by the Bilderberg inner club of Rothschild.

John F. Kennedy once said at Columbia University, built out of Opium money of Rothschild  “The high office of President has been used to foment a plot to destroy America’s freedom, and before I leave office I must inform the citizen of this plight.”  

Ten days later John F. Kennedy was dead and gone.

“In politics, nothing happens by accident. If it happens, you can bet it was planned that way.” Jewish President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

In 2000, Carol an ex-illuminati member made a startling revelation. She estimated that an unbelievable 80 to 90 percent of American congress members are either Illuminati themselves, or dependent on them, and almost 100 percent of senators!  

This is basically by bribes, honey traps.  Once caught in the web of  lies, deceits, and temptations of the Illuminati they would be in bondage by application of political and other forms of blackmail, threats of financial ruin, public exposure, and fiscal harm, even death to themselves and loved members of their families.  Certain sections of governance are run by homosexuals and lesbians.

According to her, a total of one to two percent of American people are either involved in the Illuminati cult, linked with it through other lodges, or are victims of Illuminati ‘mind control’—and therefore useful for their aims.  This amounts to the equally astonishing number of three to six million people.

The ideologies created by founder Adam Weishaupt, include --

The use of violence and terrorism rather than academic discussions---- To preach “Liberalism” to usurp political power--- To initiate class warfare-- That politicians must be cunning and deceptive – any moral code leaves a politician vulnerable---- 

Dismantle “existing forces of order and regulation.” and reconstruct all existing institutions.”----Remain invisible until the very moment when it has gained such strength that no cunning or force can undermine it----Use Mob Psychology to control the masses. “Without absolute despotism one cannot rule efficiently.”---- 

Advocate the use of alcoholic liquors, drugs, moral corruption , diversionary entertainment and all forms of vice, used systematically by “agenteurs” to corrupt the youth--- Seize properties by any means to secure submission and sovereignty---- Foment wars and control the peace conferences so that neither of the combatants gains territory placing them further in debt and therefore into our power----

Choose candidates for public office who will be “servile and obedient to our commands, so they may be readily used as pawns in our game.”----Use the Press for propaganda to control all outlets of public information, while remaining in the shadows, clear of blame.-----Make the masses believe they had been the prey of criminals. Then restore order to appear as the saviors---- Create financial panics---- 

Use hunger to control to subjugate the masses.-----Use systematic deception, high-sounding phrases and popular slogans. “The opposite of what has been promised can always be done afterwards... That is of no consequence.”---- A Reign of Terror is the most economical way to bring about speedy subjection.---- 

Masquerade as political, financial and economic advisers to carry out our mandates with Diplomacy and without fear of exposing “the secret power behind national and international affairs.”-----Ultimate world government is the goal. It will be necessary to establish huge monopolies, so even the largest fortunes of the masses will depend on us to such an extent that they will go to the bottom together with the credit of their governments on the day after the great political smash.” -----

Use economic warfare. Rob the masses of their landed properties and industries with a combination of high taxes and unfair competition.----- “Make the 'Goyim' destroy each other so there will only be the proletariat left in the world, with a few millionaires devoted to our cause, and sufficient police and soldiers to protect our interest.”-----

Call it The New Order. Appoint a Dictator.------Fool, bemuse and corrupt the younger members of society by teaching them theories and principles we know to be false.-----Twist national and international laws into a contradiction which first masks the law and afterwards hides it altogether--- Substitute arbitration for law.

Soon their One World Currency, ( like Euro for the EU ) which will be issued to all the people of the world,  micro managed and controlled by the few `Rothschild Superbanks` remaining. They will issue ID cards  `electronically`, -- the personal micro chip.  India has already started on the illuminati sponsored AADHAR card .

Mayer Amschel Rothschild, the founder of the Rothschild dynasty is quoted as having said, " Give me control over a nations money and I care not who makes its laws".   If you control the money, you actually control every transaction that exists in this country.    

The Illuminati will of course receive advance warning of any crash and will be protected because of this privileged knowledge. As usual, it will be the honest hard working men and women who will suffer when the great crash and robbery  takes place.

The great `money swap` will probably go something like this:--

The Governments of the various nations around the world will call in all money in current use.  An announcement will be made that money previously in circulation is worthless.  People will be required to hand in all of their paper money and Credit/Debit cards and will either be issued at their own cost (setting them from the beginning in debt) with either an Electronic `Smart Card` in the form of a Biometric ID.  Or, a `Personal RFID Microchip`, on which will be stored every piece of personal information imaginable along with remote accessibility and controllability too.



The Aadhaar card can track you anywhere, and this is where the Illuminati plan kicks in.  Your Passport ID, PAN ID, Voter ID, Driving licence ID etc all will be linked.  Very soon you cannot cook with gas, buy land, stay in a hotel , remove money from ATM, buy anything without this Aadhaar card.  Farmers will have to use this card to buy STERILE GM seeds from Monsanto. If Big brother wants to screw you, say because  you exposed corruption or bitter truth by a Internet post , he will just switch your chip off-- like how mobile telephone companies leave you high and dry, when you exceed the pre or post paid limit.  

Try buying something with a gold ring you wear in an emergency-- and there will be no takers.  Have you ever tried to spend US dollars in Europe -- at even 5 to 1 rate ?  All the corrupt politicians who have stashed away bribe and kickback money in Rothschild banks will NOT get affected.


National Aadhar type ID cards with implanted GPS compatible have been used to find a compatible kidney donor, in the near vicinity to be assassinated by a hit squad. This is real, folks—NOT fiction!


The Illuninati “smelling of roses “ propaganda will be as follows-- “The benefits of replacing cash will be incalculable. No cash to smuggle. The sale of illegal drugs would cease since no one would want a record of it's transaction. The spread of AIDs would be curtailed as drug abuse ends. The cost of government would go down, as would the cost of private business. Tax evasion, payment in cash to avoid sales tax, or failure to report cash income would end. The national debt could be reduced: stolen items could not be sold without a trace. Personal Security would be assured. Little nice old ladies could walk safely in the park at midnight  again".

But there is a foul and sinister agenda which they wont tell you , -- every single transaction would create a record which could then be used for criminal investigations, as cheques, bank accounts and credit card records are used presently. Yes, and much much more.  With a whole database backing up this new `E-money/personal identity system, life will be come increasingly like the words of the song by the Rock Group `The Police`...

`Hidden Masters` untold control over people's lives, their very existence even, and the incentives to be a good `citizen` will be sharply increased.  Nobody will want their ID card refused, or Chip switched off. And how many of those begging to be saved from their economic misery when accepting the `new money` will stop and realize that with it's introduction, their new lords and masters will have gained complete and utter control over their lives, exactly as prophesied by George Orwell in 1984?

He Europeans had  been told much about the advantages of joining the EU; More business, more job no ore war ( in Europe), no visa requirements, etc.  So whatever happened?  Why has all this gone PHUT?

The plans of the Illuminati include:  A World government l--- Abolish all property and wealth---- Abolish religion--- Abolish the family, to be replaced by communal living--- Reject adherence to any moral precepts--- Reduce the size of the world population,  as you can see nowadays we have lab created viruses which kill man but does NOT affect the flora and fauna.

Jewish people have no historical claim to the land of Israel, which was inhabited by Judeans who are NOT Jews.  They are not the biblical Hebrews and they are certainly not ‘Semites’.  They don’t originate from biblical Israel, but from a Sumerian people who became known as the ‘Khazars’ from Georgia which was once ruled by Indian Emperor Vikramadita in 7000 BC.  

The quintessential  ‘Jewish nose’ is not a genetic trait of Israel, but the Caucasus.  The Khazars , the ancestors of Rothschild , spoke a Turkic language.  Khazars to be descendants of the Turkic tribe, known as the Huns or Hun, that invaded and savaged Europe from Asia around AD 450. 

They made their living as traders and ‘middlemen’, levying exhorbitant taxes on the spice goods which originated from Kerala , my home state , carried on the trade routes through their lands. 

Their influence in Eastern Europe extended well into the countries we now know as Poland, Czechoslovakia, Austria, Hungary, Romania and Bulgaria . The Khazars were once worhippers of the Shiva Lingam, before they became Jews. 

In about AD 740, the King of Khazaria, King Bulan, adopted the religion of Judaism and the whole nation did the same. Their home was not the Dead Sea, but the Caspian Sea, which became known as the `Khazar Sea’. Khazars were instrumental in the creation of the Magyar homeland of Hungary. Names like the Russian Cossack and the Hungarian Hussar came from ‘Khazar’, as did the German for heretic, Ketzer. An ancient traditional pre-Christian account of Hungarian origins says they are the descendants of the Babylonian Nimrod. 

The legend claims that Nimrod had two sons, Magor and Hunor. It is said that Magor was the ancestor of the Magyars and Hunor was the ancestor of the Huns, so providing the common origin of the Magyars and the Huns (Khazars).  

Over the centuries of waning power and influence, the Khazar peoples began to emigrate in many directions. The Khazar ‘Jews’ were confined to ghettos as a result of papal dictat in the mid-16th century. .. Some of these immigrants went by the name of Bauer, now known as the Rothschilds. The family quickly took control of the financial and trade foundations of Europe. 

They are Sephardic Jews and they do have an historical connection to the Middle East, although, even then, the idea of a ‘chosen race’ going back to biblical Israel still doesn’t stand up. The Ashkenazim (‘Khazars’) hold the reins of power in Israel and have done so since the country was created in 1948.  Every Israeli prime minister has been an Ashkenazi Khazar—NOT a single one  is Judean.  

In the centuries after the demise of Khazaria, the Ashkenazi did not speak the Semitic language of Hebrew, which is no surprise at all because they were not Hebrews. They developed their own tongue called Yiddish.  Yiddish, the language of the Ashkenazi, did not come from Israel, but from Germany and Eastern Europe—

-- never mind what the spin doctors of Rothschild have written..   


Why did Hitler NOT harm a single Jewish German Rothschild banker or agent in Germany. Why was Hitler’s body charred beyond recognition ? 



What is the catch?.  



The Soviet news agency TASS revealed that Hitler's personal body guard, his commando leader SS-Obersturmbannführer Otto Skorzeny ( died 5 July 1975) and his Paladin team was involved in training US Green Berets for Vietnam missions during the 1960s. He was a Rothschild man. 





On his death bed Otto Skorzeny confessed that “contrary to the CIA-written history books”,  he helped Hitler escape to Austria in a plane flown by a female pilot, Hanna Reitsch and that Hitler did not commit suicide.


Hanna Reitsch ( died 24 August 1979) was a German aviator and the only woman awarded the Iron Cross First Class and the Luftwaffe Combined Pilots-Observation Badge in Gold with Diamonds during World War II. 



She set over forty aviation altitude and endurance records during her career, both before and after World War II, and several of her international gliding records still stand in 2012.  Hilter just adored her.  



Above Hilter's dead body , photographed before he was burnt.  Is there any IDIOT who thinks -- this face belongs to Hilter?

Hanna was in Hitler's bunker in Berlin in the last few days, and her microlight airplane was parked nearby.




The Rothschilds funded the early European settlers in Israel, manipulated events in Germany that led to the horrific treatment of Jewish people, and others, and then used that as the excuse to reach their long-term goal — a Rothschild  stronghold in Palestine with the Jewish population treated like fodder to be used and abused as necessary.  They called their plan ‘Zionism’, and the planning and manipulation began in the 19th and early 20th centuries through the Rothschilds and their gofers such as Chaim Weizmann.

The British Prime Minister and Foreign Secretary, Viscount Palmerston, was a close Rothschild family associate and patriarch of European Freemasonry. He mixed with all the major Illuminati names of his era, and waged the Opium Wars against China on their behalf.  Winston Churchill whose whose mother is Rothschild, did all the spadework.

The ‘Balfour Declaration’ sounds like some kind of public announcement, but it was a letter from Balfour to Lionel Walter Rothschild, 2nd Baron Rothschild.

It said:
“His Majesty’s Government view with favour the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavours to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing non-Jewish communities in Palestine, or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country”.

If the people of USA and UK think they are free.  They must first digest this--and may be consult people who understand law.

In 1213, King John was excommunicated by the Pope Innocent III, as he refused to accept the pope's appointee Stephen Langton as Archbishop of Canterbury.   

It frightened poor John baby so much that he went on his knees to the Pope and swore loyalty towards him by kissing his hand. Two months later King John was forced to sign a contract with the Pope known as the  “Treaty of Verona, 1213” . . 


This  undertook to introduce Rome’s canon law to England, which made Archbishop Stephan Langton, the effective ruler of all of the country. The contract was supposed to give the Pope ownership of all of the lands, people, animals, etc. of all of King John’s kingdom.

 According to this contract, the Vatican nay the Pope as the Vicar of Christ owns all of England and of course everything on planet earth.

King John  made his Charter of Submission, submission, in the House of the Knights Templar, with the knights as witness.

John, by the grace of God king of England, lord of Ireland, Duke of Normandy
"By this charter attested by our golden seal we wish it to be known to you all that...we offer and freely yield to God and to SS Peter and Paul...and to the Holy Roman Church our mother, and to our lord Pope Innocent III and his Catholic successors, the whole kingdom of England and the whole kingdom of Ireland with all their rights and appurtenences for the remission of our sins and the sins of our whole family.... And now, receiving back these kingdoms from God and the Roman Church, and holding them as a feudatory vassal...we have pledged and sworn our fealty hencefort to our lord aforesaid, Pope Innocent III...and we bind in perpetuity our successors and legitimate heirs that without question they must similarly render fealty and acknowledge homage to the Supreme Pontiff holding office at the time...
...in lieu of all service and payment which we should render for them [the fiefs], the Roman Church is to receive annually...one thousand marks sterling...."

In 1215, the Barons of England reacted to the loss of their rights and privileges they once enjoyed before the 1213 Treaty, and so they revolted against King John and stormed his castle. 

Under the threat of death, they forced him to sign a document that recognized their stature and spelled out their individual rights! The document was named the Magna Carta. 



When Pope Innocent III was informed by King John about the Barons revolt and the Magna Carta; the Pope got pissed off, condemned the document and declared it null and void. 

In his written declaration to the Barons, the Pope stated that, “The Declaration of Human Rights embodied in the Magna Carta, violated the tenets of the church.” 

Magna Carta was the first document forced onto a King of England by a group of his subjects, the feudal barons, in an attempt to limit his powers by law and protect their privileges. 



With the support of Prince Louis the French Heir and of King Alexander II of the Scots, when they entered London in force on 10 June 1215, with the city showing its sympathy with their cause by opening its gates to them.  When King John signed the Magna Carta on 15th June 1215, he broke the terms of the Verona charter with the Pope and therefore lost the right to his Kingdom.  



From that time, the ‘Crown’ passed from the Monarch to the Knights Templar who to this day, govern Britain on behalf of the Roman Illuminati Church. 

The EU is little more than the 'Holy Roman Empire' reborn.

The yanks are still under the Pope who rules over all nations as he declared he did back in 1213.

The Treaty of 1783, known as the Treaty of Peace, signed subsequent to the Revolutionary War; was a Treaty between King George, the Holy Roman Church and the representatives of the Corporate United States. 



The opening statement is written in Olde English and when interpreted means: “The King claims that the Pope is the Vicar of Christ and that God gave the King the power to declare that no man can ever own property because it goes against the tenets of his Church, the Vatican/The Holy Roman Church and because he is the Elector of the Holy Roman Empire.



The 1783 Treaty did say in the opening statement quoted exactly as it appears in olde English; "It having pleafed the Divine Providence to difpofe the hearts of the Moft Serene and Moft Porent Prince, George the Third, by the grace of God, King of the Great Britain, France and Ireland, Defender, of the Faith , Duke of Brunfwick and Laurenberg, Arch-Treafurer and Prince elector of the holy Roman empire –-1783 Treaty between The Pope's Elector, King John and the First President of the United States, Sam Huntington and Charles Thompson, Secretary.



In 1694 a privately owned company called “The Bank of England” was formed. The name gives the impression that it is a government organisation, but that is not the case.

The average UK resident believes that there is a UK government, when in fact, there is no actual government, just a commercial company pretending to be a government, namely, the company called “The United Kingdom Corporation Limited”. 

People are fooled into “voting” for the election of corporate officers in this company in order to make them believe that there actually is a government where no government exists.

In 1606, King James I the King of England set up a commercial enterprise called “The Virginia Company” with himself as the main stockholder. The Virginia Company was formed in anticipation of the imminent influx of white Europeans, mostly British at first, into the North American continent. 

The Virginia Company of London (also called the “London Company”) was chartered by King James with the object of colonising the eastern coast of North America between latitudes 34 deg N and 41 deg N. It’s shareholders were Londoners. 


The Virginia Company claimed ownership of most of the land that we now call America. The Virginia Company (the British Crown and the bloodline families) claimed rights to 50% of all gold and silver mined, plus percentages of other minerals and raw materials, and 5% of all profits from other ventures.



The US President is the President of a commercial corporation and American citizens are, in effect, the employees of that Corporation. The Vatican claims that it owns Britain and all of the commonwealth countries. Britain claims that it owns America as a British colony.

The IRS is not a U.S. government agency. It is an agency of the IMF which in turn is an agency of the United Nations. The United States has not had a Treasury since 1921 as the U.S. Treasury is now the IMF.

The King of England financially backed both sides of the Revolutionary War. Americans can’t use the US Constitution to defend themselves because they are not a party to it. Britain is owned by the Vatican and the Pope claims to own the entire planet through the laws of conquest and discovery (Papal Bulls of 1495 and 1493). The Pope has ordered the genocide and enslavement of millions of people (Papal Bulls of 1455 and 1493). 

The Pope’s laws are obligatory on all Americans. “The People” does not include ordinary Americans.

When you become aware of these things, it becomes easier to understand why voting in a Presidential election can never make any difference – after all, he is only the President of a commercial company whose corporate policy is set by the owners of the company and not by the President. Have I not written in my posts 2 years ago that Mitt Romney will be the next president after Obama?

It also explains what these commercial companies have done and are still doing through their agencies such as the CIA.

The government and legal system of the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and of course, Britain, is totally controlled by the Crown. 

The Crown is not the British Monarch. The Crown is a banking cartel which has a massive system around and beneath it, which hides its true power. 

The City is in fact, the Knights Templar Church, also known as the ‘Crown Temple’ or ‘Crown Templar’.  At least five signatories to the American Declaration of Independence were Temple Bar Attorneys who had pledged allegiance to the Crown!  

Another Middle Temple operative during the formation of the USA was Alexander Hamilton who structured the American Banking system to fulfil the Crown Temples agenda for total control of the United States.

The Crown Temple owns America through the deception . This is because the Crown Temple holds the land titles and estate deeds to all of North America.  

1776 is the year that will truly live in infamy for all Americans. It is the year that the Crown Colonies became legal Crown States. The Declaration of Independence was a legal, not lawful, document. 

It was signed on both sides by representatives of the Crown Temple. Legally, it announced the status quo of the Crown Colonies to that of the new legal name called ‘States’ as directly possessed estates of the Crown.
The American people were hoodwinked into thinking that they were declaring lawful independence from the Crown. 

The proof that the colonies are still a Crown possession is the use of the word ‘State’ to signify a ‘legal estate of possession’. Had this been a document “of and by the people”, then both the Declaration of Independence and the US Constitution would have been written using the word ‘States’.

On September 17, 1787, twelve State delegates of the Thirteen State Colony’s approved the United States Constitution, not the Colonists and by their doing so, the States became “constitutors.” A “constitutor” is defined under civil law as, “One who by simple agreement becomes responsible for the payment of another’s debt.”

Formed in 1833 as ‘Crown Agents for the Colonies’, to run the day to day administration of the empire and to serve as private bankers to government officials, colonial authorities, and heads of state. 

The Crown Agents work directly for the Monarch who works for the Knights Templar Church, which operates for the Vatican, and to add insult to injury, the entire debt of the Crown Agents is guaranteed by the British Government, and that means the tax paying public .

The attempt to assassinate President Reagan occurred because he had disclosed to the American people that: “None of the federal income tax paid by the American public is ever deposited into the United States Treasury and is being deposited into the Federal Reserve Bank for its use and benefit!” 

Shortly after making that statement, Reagan was shot by John Hinkley, who was quickly declared insane so that there never would be a public trial! If you recall, President Reagan was never the same leader after that incident! The Masters don’t play around - they eliminate problems and radically curve attitudes!

President Obama has changed the Military Oath. Soldiers no longer swear to support or defend the Constitution but rather to support and defend the President!

The IRS belongs to the International Monetary Fund, who also owns the Federal Reserve Bank. The IMF holds the controlling interest in all the banks in America! 

The IMF is the Rothschild Empire along with the eleven wealthiest families in the World. The gold in Fort Knox belongs to the Vatican and not the United States!

The entire World is a ‘Slave Plantation’ and is set up under this same principle by the Masters, “the high contracting powers,” who have been identified in certain International Treaties as the Pope/Vatican, the United Nations, the King/Queen of (England or United Kingdom) and principals of the International Monetary Fund.

The new Eurozone logo represents the “All Seeing Eye” of the Illuminati. 

12 stars in the flag represent 6+6 that equals the prime illuminati Occult number of 33:33.






The goal of the central banks is to create debt within a country so the bank can buy the government and debt.


As of September 26, 2012, U.S. visa applicants are able to pay visa application fees via Electronic Fund Transfer (EFT), with their mobile phones or at one of Rothschild’s Axis bank’s 1,800+ branches.  



India’s third largest private sector lender, Axis Bank Ltd. in association with Banque Privee Edmond De Rothschild ( Europe) would shortly be introducing “Family Office” accounts for Indian business families, whereby the entire personal and business needs across generations of affluent families could be managed for a fee.  


See how Manmohan and Sonia loves Rothschild.  You try getting a US visa by any other way, and see how things go PHUT!




Have you seen the Mitt Romney, Obama presidential debate --where both are outdoing each other on TV debate,  in swearing how dear the cause of Israel ( read as Rothschild and his agents ) are for them.  Both are Bilderberg inner club choices, mind you.  We will have this bizarre scenario in India sooner than later.

 


Energy occurs in many forms, including chemical energy, thermal energy, electromagnetic radiation, gravitational energy, electric energy, elastic energy, nuclear energy, rest energy. These can be categorized in two main classes: potential energy and kinetic energy.  Rothschild had shoved in money into this energy model — where potential energy added to kinetic energy remains a constant. They made their Modern Economic theory model in a capacitance, conductance and inductance style.  Only morons will NOT release that money is handled by fallible human beings who can be manipulated—and some humans have less potential than others.

Wanna know more about the banking cartel?



CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME WHORES FOR BIG BROTHER.






So much of vulgar negativity-- let me neutralise it with a Tamil song-- set to music of the great Oscar winner AR Rahman.
********************************************************************
OBAMA RAPS ROMNEY - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
PRESIDENT OBAMA RAPS MITT ROMNEY IN FINAL DEBATE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





Rapping, also known as emceeing, is about "spoken or chanted rhyming lyrics". This style is distinct from spoken word poetry in that it is performed in time to a beat.

Rapping is a primary ingredient in hip hop music and reggae. It occupies a gray area among speech, prose, poetry, and song. 

Rapping can be hilarious --nay--mind blowing when you are perceptive enough to read the "tongue in cheek" part of the song.





Rap off the cuff , about everyday situations. 

Rap about what is going on right in front of you in heavy traffic, the new fancy T shirt you just bought in a busy store,  what you are experiencing as you stand in a queue at a fast food joint , whatever.  

This encourages you to think in a poetic way ( using your right side brain lobe ) and can keep you sharp for writing rhymes and freestyling. 

It can form new pathways in your brain, and make you a lot more smarter in life.
********************************************************************
KIDNEY SALE TOURISM AND BODY ORGAN HARVESTING IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



KIDNEY SALE TOURISM  AND BODY ORGAN HARVESTING IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



India is a major supplier for illegal and immoral body organ harvesting. 

This business is more evil and more vicious than the drug running trade.  Here the harvesters people are without soul and  they do NOT hesitate to kill.

It became very obvious, immediately after the 2004 Indian east coast tsunami, several foreign teams suddenly landed up for "human aid" in chartered planes, but what they were really doing was to harvest body organs of orphans left without families, in the guise of humanitarian work. 




This business has windfall profits. A rich man will give a lot of money to survive,  when he is pain - and he knows that he cant take his wealth to the grave.  

Some of these foreign funded Vhristian missionary NGOs were successful in taking away orphans for adoption to foreign countries -- and a lot of them would have landed on the organ harvesting surgical table.

All this fell into a suspicious pattern , over the past few years . There was sudden public attention due to child adoption in Africa by western public figures. Just like out of the blues, the Angelina Jolis of this world and the Madonnas were making high profile highly publicized adoption in Africa.  


The international public opinion was to be hoodwinked and manipulated into accepting the international transfer of millions of children from Africa into Europe and America, for “adoption.”  See, the Christian and Jewish West is full of kind people who want to save small orphans. 


Adoption--my foot. Every child is a mini fortune. You come to India on a tourist visa, stay in seedy hotels , visit orphanages, pay the money, and since the small child is  NOT very attractive there is no suspicion of pedophile involvement.  

You bring in a attractive 12 yr old Ukrainian girl into Tel Aviv, Israel, you can put her up for the flesh trade and earn a fortune.   If she starts getting non-cooperative ,you can always harvest her body parts. So many ex-eastern bloc girls have just disappeared from the face of the earth. Apparently they are not buried after the harvesting of body parts,  but incinerated in highly reputed hospitals. 

Ashes tell no tales.

You don't just grab one $5,000 kidney, and then spend $200,000 raising the adopted kid through college. That kid hits the operating table and has her kidneys, liver, cornea, heart, lung, marrow, etc., and everything is removed.  It happens in Israel because of the security needed. The kidnappers get $3,000 a kid, and all the organs can bring $250,000.



The biggest culprits in India are Russian Jews for Israel,  Christian missionary NGOs for USA and Europe,  and Islamic NGOs for the rich Arabs. They are in touch with orphanages which they fund. 

Thailand and Philippines is now in this kidney tourist destination list.

Aaha , I can see some people think already that the Captain is on a Jew bashing spree.

I must make this very clear. There are good Jews and bad Jews.  I do NOT have anything against the good Jews. 

The criminal Jews and the Zionist Jews who do deception left , right and centre --are NOT in my good books.

Every Muslim is NOT the dreaded Laskar e Toiba.   Same way every Jew is NOT a evil Zionist. 



But then check this out.

If you put the word JEW in Google search, a footnote will come underneath the page about how Google is very DISTURBED by people using the word Jew as a search word , while it should have been Jewish (sic!). And I am sure the Jewish ADL will be monitoring such a search, for their database.

If you have taken a flight through Israel-- you will be surprised at their modus operandi.  A guy or a girl in police uniform will tell you to open out your bag.  He will ask you several quick rapid fire questions --what is your grandfather's name, what was the colour of the shipside of your last ship, what was the name of your Chief Engineer, which all countries did you travel to in the past 6 months etc. Then suddenly he will excuse himself and another man in uniform will ask you exactly the same question-- exactly the same questions and that too in the same order -- you screw this up and you miss your flight. 

I do know the concern of Google, for they do NOT want to be taken to the cleaners by ADL or anti defamation league of the Jews.  There are 18 countries who have laws to throw you in jail if you contest the SIX million holocaust figure--when there were only 3 million Jews in the whole of Europe. 

Even today Israel with all the free immigration from all over the world (since 2nd World war) ,  including India has just about 7.3 million people. 

The Anti-Defamation League, founded in 1913, by Rothschild, is the world's leading organization fighting anti-Semitism through programs and services that counteract hatred, prejudice and bigotry— basically to prevent people at the receiving end from telling the bitter truth.  

In USA , if you get over smart in criticising a Jew , the IRS controlled by AIPAC, will make you a pauper .

Truth will be converted to hate speech. 

If I say,  you broke my nose with your fist ( the truth )-- I will be put into jail by ADL for hate speech.  

For actually it was my bloody nose which went with full force and hit the fist-- which causes grievous pain and injury to the owner of the spiked fist.  I must now compensate the fist with my money or go to prison .

So Google , think about this.

Let us imagine that the Indian Sikh regiment , or the Gurkha regiment is marching on 26th Jan Republic day march past-- and the TV announcer announces --

" There goes the Gurkhas ( or Sikhs or Marathas etc ) marching to kadam badhake chal tune--".

Why in the name of Charles Bronson, should a Gurkha feel ashamed for being called a Gurkha ?

Rather every Gurkha will immediately puff his chest up in pride just by hearing the word Gurkha .

Can you ever imagine Gurkhas forming a GDL ( Gurkha defamation league?) - -where is the need for this, when you have a code of honor,  and you are damn proud of your past and your culture ?

Or if some foreign man introduced me as a "Hindu Captain"  from India -  I would immediately get supercharged with pride -- and my body hairs will stand up!.  My country has never attacked another country ever ,  our Hindu religion advocates non-violence and vegetarianism--we have a culture to be proud of -- 

I am NOT gonna run to the HDL ( Hindu Defamation league ) just because someone called me a "Hindu". 

No Muslim will run to MDL ( Muslim defamation league ) if I say Laskar E Toiba is evil and they killed so many people in India.   Neither will Islamic Saudi Arabia who hosts Mecca, try to throw me in jail.

Why should a Jew be ashamed or get belittled , of being called a "Jew" ? Why are there so many crypto Jews?

Pray?

Prithee?


I guess it is time to introspect-- why ALL the Jews , ALL over the world,  ALL the time were persecuted except in Hindu India.  

You can ask the Jews in Kerala, who have been living here for more than 2000 years,  if any of them have ever been persecuted , despite their inherent clannishness and narrow spectrum views.  There are still 13 of them at old Kochi synagogue area--rest have gone to Israel for financial windfalls... When the Portuguese Catholics came, they got screwed badly-- but the local Hindus protected their lives.

Nowadays even whores are NOT ashamed of being called a whore --  for the first time she opened out her legs,  she was in dire financial straits -- she did it probably to pay the hospital bills of her mother.  If she had enough money she would have never ever prostituted her body.

India came to know recently that a Hindu surgeon by the name of Jayant Patel is called "Doctor Death" in Australia, as his morbidly obese white Christian nurse ( with PMS ) made charges that he did NOT know his job.

Immediately the Govt of India did NOT jump to defend him as a knee jerk reaction, just because he is a Hindu Indian ,  just because he has 3 decades experience in independent surgery --  but allowed Aussie law to take its course to the logical end-- and today Dr.Patel has been exonerated.

What is the need for Israel to jump to the defence of Israeli Jew criminals as a knee jerk reaction ? --and give him legal support , to save the Jew community of the planet from getting a bad name?

But why does Israel find it necessary to view everything through the “anti-semitic” and “anti-defamation” prism?

Which other religion on this planet gets so paranoid?

Why this guilty conscience? 

What is the catch?



Punishment for racist taunts have different standards based on color of skin and religion.

Last year the Indian owners of Blackburn Rovers soccer club ( Venky's Fried Chicken ) were booed in the stadium with all sorts of racist taunts.  

Then the whites goons held a street procession , with poultry too,  as Blackburn Rovers got relegated from English Premier league soccer first division-- shouting vile racists slogans against Indians.  



All Western TV channels, including happily showed all this almost like breaking news. How dare a brown slave coolie Indian own a British club, right?  I could hear the actual vulgar racist taunts on Internet video clips, with police watching.  

Nothing happened 

Then this year one fan shouted something against a JEWISH player.

ADL stepped in.

HE WAS BANNED FOR LIFE FROM ENTERING ANY SOCCER STADIUM FOR ANTI-SEMITIC SPEECH. 

BRAVO!



Does this type of blatant favoritism actually help the Jewish cause?  Wisdom dictates- NO!

To prove to the Jews I have nothing against them-- today I will tell them something which they do NOT know-- and nobody will ever tell them too.  This is one of the most valuable tips their race will ever get . It is about "Kosher vinegar" they consume in plenty, as a religious thing.

Here we go--

On my stainless steel Chemical tankers, we load Glacial Acetic acid at Europe to be transported to Israel ( Haifa ).  Just before we load a few Jewish Rabbis will come on board, and they will peep into all cargo spaces and then we start loading.  

The charterers , shippers and agents will call you and plead " Captain, kindly take personal interest, please ensure your officers and crew treat the Rabbis well and make sure there are no controversies even if some safety on the cargo deck is flouted-- it is big money for us". 


Later you will realise that this warning was well intended , for these Rabbis go to all unauthorized and out of bounds areas-- including the navigating bridge in port. This makes you wonder, are these Rabbis or spies?

After completion of loading , these Rabbis in their black coats, fancy hats, hair curls , beards and shiny black shoes , will bless the cargo and seal up all openings , and then issue a KOSHER certificate, after which the value of the same cargo goes up multiple fold. 


Can you imagine a priest blessing your 100 rupee note and now hey presto! -- the note converts - nay - jumps to a 500 rupee note?   This is what happens here.

This concentrated Acetic acid is taken to Haifa and then another set of Rabbis will come, to check if all seals are intact and then the cargo is unloaded. The cargo is so clear that you can see the bottom steam coils of the stainless steel tank ,through 15 metres depth.

Jews love to use vinegar as a pickling agent. “Kosher” means “allowed”, so, basically, the “Kosher Food” are the allowed foodstuff on a Jewish diet.   Leaves – all kinds of leaves, like lettuce, cabbage, watercress, celery, parsley, chives, etc.. often contains germs. In order to be used it should be left to soak for about half an hour in water with vinegar, acetic acid or germicide to kill ze worms--as per Jewish tradition. 

Let me tell you, by doin this , you have just removes 97% of the germs which your body could have handled anyway, the balance surviving 3% is MORE harmful for you.

OK,  here is my advise as a Chemical man --take it or leave it..

Vinegar made from Glacial Acetic acid is harmful for the human body.  First of all it is acidic and should not even qualify as a food . 

Acetic acid is NOT like Citrus or Lime juice which turn alkaline in your body.

Vinegar excessively stimulates the thyroid gland, leading to hyperthyroidism and eventually hypothyroidism and concomitant health issues such as endocrine disorders, calcium metabolic disorders, metabolic rate disorders, fat metabolism problems, obesity/ body-weight issues, lethargy, headaches, premature ageing,  and the classic bulging of the eyes.  I am sure you know what I mean , if not ask your non-Jewish  friends .



The body pulls phosphorus from the adrenal glands to negate the effects of acetic acid in the system. Depeleted phosphorus results in impaired function of the adrenal glands and thus, again, the entire endocrine system. The outcome of all this can include body odor, pains in the heart, rapid pulse, increased mucus production, chronic fatigue, and headaches. 

Repetitive use of vinegar will also result in the hardening of the liver. So vinegar should not be considered as "food.".  GM vegetable foods grown out of TERMINATOR ( sterile ) seeds , make things worse for kidneys. 

Terminator seeds produced crops will produce seeds which cannot be used again. The GM company like Monsanto sinks in their fish hooks into the flesh of the farmer for ever, to put him in a debt trap.

The Monsanto family were Jewish black African slave dealers from Louisiana.( Benjamin, Isaac, Manuel, Eleanora, Gracia and Jacob-- from before and after1785  ). Jewish holidays were slave auction holidays too.

When you have all these problems for which the root cause is vinegar consumption, then to cure it you take modern Western Chemical medicines, and a lot of them have bad side effects.

Let me just take one example of supplements used by our own Indian Bollywood film actors.  Suddenly you find these pussy heroes putting on huge muscles and six packs, and after the movie becomes a hit, within a few months, they become devoid of these bulging muscles.  The muscle mass increase is due to anabolic steroids and hard work in the gym.  A chemical called myoglobin is released that damages the kidneys.



Myoglobin, when it reaches the kidneys, blocks the tiny tubes within the kidneys, leading to serious kidney damage and, in some cases, kidney failure . A bite from some types of snakes whose venom causes severe muscle damage also causes kidney failure the same way.  Myoglobin oxidizes while being circulated to the kidneys where it generally gums up the works.

The west has wasted its youthful generation and they do not hold any promise, as told in the US presidential debate. The system makes it so hard to have and raise children so many millions opt out due to economic considerations. The decadent western population is on the decline. 

There is little prospect of any natural increase in birth rate to offset the population loss mindless immigration is used to maintain the population balance.  At the same time, millions of westerners are sick.  Sick from the decadence that daily marks their life.  Sick from the over use of active chemicals and mechanicals which they thought had provided them with this great advantage over the rest of humanity. 

In the western world there is a health crisis of a gigantic proportion. The rich and middle class of the western world especially are sick from their over self abusive life style. They are wasted with cancers and organ failures. They are laid low by internal decay which threatens their significant internal organs such as livers, hearts, kidneys, even testicles etc.  

There is no known cure for many of those conditions except for organ replacement. However, modern medicine as it is practised in the west has advanced to a point where organ replacement has become routine. 

The rotted out organs of decadent men and women are replaced through the scientific skills of the western surgeons. The only constraint on this practice was the shortage of organs in the market.

Kidneys work by filtering the blood and getting rid of waste products, but also by balancing levels of electrolyte levels in the body, controlling blood pressure, and stimulating the production of red blood cells. When the kidneys become damaged, waste products and fluid can build up in the body, causing swelling in your ankles, vomiting, weakness, poor sleep, and shortness of breath. 


The loss of kidney function is called acute kidney injury, also known as acute renal failure .Marathon runners and other athletes who don't drink enough fluids while competing in long-distance endurance events may suffer acute renal failure due to a sudden breakdown of muscle tissue. The muscle breakdown releases  myoglobin is released that damages the kidneys.

The leading causes of chronic kidney disease include:

Diabetes, which damages small blood vessels in your body and makes it difficult for the kidneys to function properly.

High blood pressure which cause damage or scarring to the glomeruli that filter waste from your blood.

Inflammatory kidney disease that causes your kidneys to leak protein and red blood cells into your urine.

Hereditary disorder caused by clusters of fluid-filled cysts that develop in your kidneys .

Decreased blood flow to the kidneys due to fatty deposits in the arteries.

Kidney infection often caused by repeated episodes of urinary tract infections.

Systemic immune reaction where your body mistakenly attacks your own kidney tissue.

Kidney stones, can form on the inner surface of the kidneys and over time become small, hard masses.

Blockage and backup of urine causing damage to the kidneys.

Analgesic nephropathy and drugs, when some over-the-counter medications are taken in large quantities and cause kidney damage.


The illicit kidney trade makes up 78 percent of the black-market organ trade. This figure will increase with increase of diseases of affluence such as diabetes, high blood pressure and heart problems. 

The people who gain are the rich transplant patients who can afford to buy a kidney, the doctors and hospital administrators, and the middlemen, the traffickers. It’s morally wrong.

Everybody has 2 kidneys that filter the toxins out of the bloodstream. If a patient with failure in both kidneys will die quickly unless he is treated with a dialysis machine or get a transplant. The transplants prolongs the lives of the patients but patients who receive organs from living donors have better survival rates rather than those receiving from deceased donors.

This globally black market is deceptive and dirty. The traffickers use deception, violence and coercion to buy and sell organs from desperate people and sell them for much higher price to more developed countries. 

These middlemen form partnership with soul less doctors in different hospitals who perform these transplants for an arranged fee and no questions. 

Many of the black marketed kidneys harvested by the rootless gangs are destined to patients in Israel.

In India Russian Jews are involved in body organ trade , along with some foreign funded Christian missionary NGOs.  It is necessary for the Indian Govt to keep vigil, when large scale disasters take place like earth quakes and bomb explosions. Every dead body cadaver must be examined by trained people to check out of any kidney or body part has been harvested, then dressed up in proper bloodless clothes and kept in the morgue.

Approximately, 90,000 kidney transplants, 30,000 liver transplants and 8000 heart transplants are performed on this planet today, a major portion of which is illegal and done by the body part harvesting mafia –with parts sourced from India.

The mafia surgeons removes kidneys, lungs, pieces of liver, even corneas, bones, tendons, heart valves, skin and other sellable human bits. The organs are kept in cold storage and air lifted to illegal distribution centers in Israel, United States, Germany, Scandinavia, UK, South Africa, and other rich, industrialized locales. This barbaric business makes more money than human trafficking and drug trafficking.

Jews are obligated under Jewish law to bury a person whole with all their body parts.  If organ transplantation was legally allowed to be performed, all organs and tissue not transplanted from the donor must remain with the cadaver for appropriate and prompt burial. It is not illegal in Israel to buy and sell organs . 

All this  makes organ transplants for Jews lucrative business for hospitals, doctors, and insurance companies.  With a population of less than 7.5 million and a very modern medical system, Israel has an alarming shortage of donors because of their religious belief.

Israel has admitted that it harvested organs from the dead bodies of Palestinians in the 1990s, without permission from their families. 


The admission follows the release of an interview with Jehuda Hiss, the former head of Israel's forensic institute, in which he said that workers at the institute had harvested skin, corneas, heart valves and bones from Palestinians and foreign workers.  Harvested organs were alleged to have been used by the military and in public hospitals. The hospitals claimed Israeli law permits organs to be removed without the family’s consent.



In November 2008, when a Turkish man by the name of Yilmaz Altun, fainted at Pristina airport while waiting to board a flight back home to Turkey.  He was revived and when questioned by the police, he said he had donated his kidney to an Israeli recipient.  Kosovo law forbids the removal and transplant of organs. He said the ring had "thrown him out to the street" after they took his kidney, and did not provide any medical aftercare as promised .

In July 2009 the FBI conducted raids involving money laundering and bribery arresting forty-four persons including five rabbis.  The human organ trafficking ring was uncovered in part of the investigation. One of the rabbis arrested said he had been in the human organ business for ten years. "His business was to entice vulnerable people to give up a kidney for $10,000 which he would turn around and sell for $160,000."

Thanks to the Zionist Jewish monopoly over the world TV and media, any further news of this disgusting practice was soon either suppressed, or totally covered up.

A New Jersey corruption probe in 2009 found that Levy Izhak Rosenbaum of Brooklyn "brokered the sale of black-market kidneys, harvesting organs from Palestinians and selling them to desperate patients in the U.S. for as much as $160,000," the Associated Press reported.



Many street children in Indian cities have disappeared or met violent deaths at the hands of criminal body parts dealers scavenging for organs and body parts.  In 2008 a  black market organ transplant ring was busted . The gang had been harvesting kidneys from poor Indian laborers, sometimes against their wishes, and using them in foreigners desperate for transplants. 

Police who busted the ring said that surgeons paid as little as $ 900 for the kidneys and then sold them for as much as $50,000.  The racket, based in Gurgaon,  New Delhi, drew victims from as many as eight Indian states and lasted for almost a decade. The Indian police declared a suppressed figure of more than 500 illegal kidney transplants--the actual is much more . 




The ring, was run by two Indian brothers , neither of whom had any medical training but who oversaw the surgery, and most of this was done for the Israeli Jews and the West .  One of the brothers is Amit Kumar arrested in Nepal hiding in a Jungle resort at Chitwan, with $230,000 in cash and a check for $24,000 on him.  


Some unwilling illiterate migrant labourer donors, were held at gunpoint before their organs were harvested. While the low cost of medical care in India has made it an increasingly popular destination for foreigners in need of everything from tummy tucks to heart surgery, the Gurgaon kidney transplant racket shocked the country, sparking debates about medical ethics and organ transplant laws.

Indian police declared that the ring had links to several private hospitals, 10 pathology laboratories , several dozen nurses, and 40 dialysis centers , and a coach outfitted as a laboratory in New Delhi.  

Subsequent raids uncovered a kidney transplant waiting list with 48 names. Laborers who were kidnapped, blood-typed, then held under guard for days or weeks until they were wheeled, terrified, into an operating room. On release, they were warned they would be killed if they informed.

The Toronto Star newspaper reported that Kumar's family lives in the Toronto-area suburb of Brampton, where he and his wife bought a house for $610,000, moving in shortly afterward.

In December 2009, Israel admitted that, in the 1980s and 1990s, there had been organ harvesting of skin, corneas, heart valves and bones from dead bodies of Israeli soldiers, citizens, Palestinians and foreign workers at the Abu Kabir Forensic Institute without the permission from relatives.


Facebook is being used to lure young girls for prostitution and for body harvesting in desperately poor countries.

The plastic surgery industry survives on human tissue--dont be under illusion that real plastic is going in.

Poor patients without too many inquisitive relatives are offered FREE surgery as a humanitarian scheme in rich private hospitals. When the patient dies ( !!??) body parts are harvested , and the body draped up nicely, to be incinerated.

In March 2003, police in Latvia investigated whether Tutogen's local supplier had removed tissue from about 400 bodies at a state forensic medical institute without proper consent.

Wood and fabrics, replacing muscle and bone, were put into the deceased to make it look like they were untouched before burial, local media reported. Some of the tissue fragments found on the bus came from 35-year-old Oleksandr Frolov, who had died from an epileptic seizure.  “On the way to the cemetery, when we were in the hearse, one of his feet — we noticed that one of the shoes slipped off his foot, which seemed to be hanging loose,” his mother, Lubov Frolova, told ICIJ.

“When my daughter-in-law touched it, she said that his foot was empty.”Later, the police showed her a list of what had been taken from her son's body.  “Two ribs, two Achilles heels, two elbows, two eardrums, two teeth, and so on. I couldn't read it till the end, as I felt sick. I couldn't read it,” she said.   “I heard that [the tissues] were shipped to Germany to be used for the plastic surgeries and also for donation. I have nothing against donation, but it should be done according to the law.”

In downtown Seoul, the country's capital, ( Gangnam style area ) Plastic Surgery agencies proudly claim that human tissue products “are FDA-approved” and are therefore safe.   Some medical centres advertise “FDA-approved AlloDerm” — a skin graft made from donated American cadavers — for nose enhancement.


Officials in charge of human tissue for the South Korean FDA, said the country imports 95 per cent of its human-tissue needs. Raw tissue is shipped in from the US and Germany. This tissue, once processed, is often re-exported to Mexico as manufactured goods.   Ninety five per cent of the company's implants are made from human tissue, while 5 per cent come from cows and pigs tissues .


There are new chemical drugs like Ciclosporin which slows down the reactions of rejection. Viaspan, discovered by two American researchers and manufactured by DuPont, extends the transportation and conservation times of the organs (32 hours for a liver instead of 8; 12 hours for a heart instead of 4). Thanks to the progress of science, the human body has become a valuable source of raw materials. Blood, organs, tissue, bone, sperm, ova, corneas, skin, embryos and placenta all now have commercial value. And traffic of all kinds in these materials is multiplying. 



10,000 African Albinos hide when they see white men ,as someone spread the rumor that the body parts of the Albinos have magic powers.

In 2000, pathologist Dick Van Velzen at the Alder Hey Children's Hospital in Liverpool confessed to removing thousands of organs from children's bodies and storing them in hospitals all over the country. In addition to over 2,000 hearts, there were a large number of brain parts, eyes taken from over 15,000 stillborn foetuses and perhaps most disturbingly of all, a number of children's heads and bodies.


Al Jazeera Magazine referred to an international Israeli conspiracy to kidnap children and harvest their organs and repeats a Pravda story that Israel has brought some 25,000 Ukrainian children into the occupied entity over the past two years in order to harvest their organs.  Several Russian and Ukrainian officers who sailed with me have lost attractive young girls from their own circle of friends and acquaintances. One of them was the wife of my own third Russian mate . 



You can read the story by punching into Google search WHITE SLAVERY- VADAKAYIL.




An article in the Algerian daily Al-Khabar said that Algerian children were being kidnapped into Morocco and sold to Israelis and American Jews to harvest their organs for sale. .



The donors were from Moldova, Kazakhstan, Russia and Turkey and were enticed with the false promise of payments as much as 20 thousand dollars. However, they were cheated and never got any money, nor the post operative care.

In February 1992, in Argentina, the minister of health admitted that the director of the Montes de Oca psychiatric clinic, located near Buenos Aires, had been taking blood and organs, especially corneas, from the patients in the facility. The investigation still goes on to find out the destination of the organs, as well as of the many children born in the establishment. The minister revealed some frightening statistics: between 1986 and 1992, one-thousand three-hundred and twenty-one of these psychiatric patients died. The swamps surrounding the clinic are being dragged in an attempt to find out what became of an additional one-thousand three- hundred and ninety-five patients who simply disappeared. 



After Argentina, it was the turn of Columbia. At the beginning of March 1992, a chamber of horrors reminiscent of Dr. Frankenstein was discovered. The corpses of ten paupers, one of them a 15- year-old girl, were found in the amphitheater of Barranquilla Faculty of Medicine. The remains of forty other persons had decomposed to the point that they could not be identified. The procedure used by the faculty's security patrol had been to strike beggars over the head with baseball bats until the victimsvwere in a state of coma. They were not killed until after their organs of commercial value had been extracted, which were sold on the black market. What remained of the cadavers was then turned over to the medical students for dissection purposes, or disposed of in the garbage. 



I own a plot of land adjacent to a orphanage cum mental home run by Christian padres.  I received a report from my caretaker about kidney harvesting in this place.  So one day I went all the way there, threw a cricket ball into the compound , put a tall ladder and jumped over the wall when the inmates were taking a mass bath at the well , during bath hour.  Some of them ( mental cases ) had the UNMISTAKABLE incision on one side -- used only for kidney removals. It was a living organ bank.



Recently in Delhi we had this case of a servant Surinder Koli who raped young girls and then ate parts of their bodies and disposed the balance in a gutter over the backyard wall of MS Pandher ( Nithari killings ) . 


My informed guess is that it was an organ harvesting operation--and it had nothing to do with insanity and cannibalism.



International organ trafficking has become a huge multibillion dollar business and it continues to grow. The traffickers have become more and more ruthless and have absolutely no boundaries. Most of the time they work under patronage of the local police and politicians.

This globally black market is deceptive and dirty. The traffickers use deception, violence and coercion to buy and sell organs from desperate people and sell them for much higher price to more developed countries. These middlemen form partnership with doctors in different hospitals who perform these transplants for an arranged fee and no questions. The profit margin is too high. They will pay 1000 Dollars for a kidney and sell it for 250, 000 dollars.  In poor countries victims sleep on the streets.

The buyers are flown to cities and hospitals to wait for the procedure until they find a recipient. 

There are corrupt doctors everywhere and it is impossible for them not to know about the transplants because of the money that is involved.  

Not only the middlemen, but the doctors must also be held accountable together with everyone that is involved. 

All kidney surgeons must be registered and be forced to give monthly statement of work done with photographs, finger prints and videos of the submission/ acceptance procedure.



The punishment must be DEATH as a deterrent, for illegal body organ harvesting. These soul less evil people deserve NIL sympathy.


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SAY NO TO PLASTICS , HUMAN SUFFERING AND DAMAGE TO PLANET EARTH WITH CANNABIS , HEMP -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


HOW TO BREAK THE MULTINATIONAL CORPORATE MONOPOLY,  ON PHARMA DRUGS,  BIOFUEL FOR AUTOMOBILES ,  HUMAN NUTRITION, CLOTHING , CURING ALCOHOL DRUG ADDICTIONS , MAGIC IN THC OF CANNABIS , HEMP-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Cannabis, ( Marijuana , Hemp , Bhang, Ganja ) was first brought down from the Himalayas by Lord Shiva to India -- from where it spread throughout the world.



CANNABIS HAS BEEN BROUGHT TO EARTH BY  A GOD, LORD SHIVA--



SO, IT CANNOT BE BAD FOR MAN OR THE PLANET ..  IT IS A NOT AN ADDICTIVE SYNTHETIC CHEMICAL



YOU CAN ACCEPT THIS BLINDLY-- NEVER MIND THE GREEDY AND IMMORAL ZIONIST MULTINATIONAL CORPORATIONS , WHO WANT TO ERADICATE THIS HEAVENLY PLANT.




The Kerala sailors took it for the Pharaoh for medical use as a part of Ayurveda medical concoctions.

Cannabis is also associated with Lord Krishna . In 4300 BC, he used to dance with the Gopikas ( the milkmaids ) in the Hemp fields of Brindavan. This has been mistaken by many to be Tulsi or Basil fields, which do NOT grow that high.



Lord Krishna used to love the Tofu curd produced from hemp--even as a child.

Cannabis is mentioned in our Atharva Veda of 5000 BC. Vedas will NOT propagate anything which harms man, the planet , the flora  or the  fauna or even the insects.



Cannabis flowers are drunk with milk and yoghurt by almost everybody during the Indian festival of Holi. In Mahabharata , having lost the dice game and hence his kingdom, King Yudhistra tried a last hand by one last game of dice, to get everything back from King Duryodhana ( his half brother ) or lose his wife Draupadi. Well he lost again as the dice was loaded.



Then King Duryodhana (ordered Dushasana ) to publicly strip Queen Draupadi by pulling her saree. Lord Krishna then by magic gave her unlimited saree that Duryodhana could not make her naked and he fell down on the ground due to exhausion.

This was in return for a favour by Draupadi who once stopped a wrist bleed of Lord Krishna in battle by tearing her saree and putting a tourniquet.



King Alexander the great came to India 2400 years ago. He lost miserably to the first King Porus who had just 85 elephants . His Indian wife Roxanna immediately tore off a bit of her saree and tied a Rakhi on King Porus thus making him her brother . King Porus then treated his internal wounds with Aloe Vera and then smuggled him out of India via Socotra back to Greece by his ships.



Both these incidents are the reason why India celebrates the festival Rakshabandhan where the sister ties a wrist band on her brother.

It could be a blood brother or just another man whom she has chosen out of his past brotherly Karma towards her.  Once she ties this band, this new found brother will protect her with his own life.



Roxanna knew that the neighbouring king Nanda with 6000 war elephants and  Emperor Chandra Gupta Maurya with 9000 war elephants were gearing up for battling this white Greek invader- and they has hordes of wild Tibetian Mastiff dogs who would eat King Alexanders horses and men for breakfast.





In 1936, Rothschild , who controlled Hollywood, got "Reefer Madness" released in USA. It was sheer propaganda to discourage the use of Cannabis and the cultivation of Hemp for business reasons, NOT to save mankind.  (Rothschild was the owner of British East India Company who grew Opium in India and sold it in China ) . Unlike Opium Cannabis is non-addictive.


Cannabis  has the natural wonder 

drug Tetrahydrocannabinol (THC), 

with nil side effects.





NOW I MUST MAKE ONE THING VERY CLEAR.   I AM NOT ADVOCATING CANNABIS FOR PEOPLE WHO DRIVE CARS AND MACHINERY WHERE THEY CAN PUT OTHERS LIVES AT RISK.  






I AM ADVOCATING CANNABIS AS A WONDER MEDICINE, AND A GOD GIVEN DRUG WHICH CAN PUT CREATIVE PEOPLE LIKE WRITERS, ARTISTS, MUSICIANS, INVENTORS ETC,  IN THE "ALPHA BRAIN WAVE STATE".




AND I AM ADVOCATING BIODEGRADABLE HEMP FOR AMAZING INDUSTRIAL USES.


In deep meditation, when waves of alpha rhythms cascade across the entire brain, a resonance is possible between the human being and the planet whose heart beat is 7.83 hertz. 

Energy and information which are embedded in the zero point field or aether field are transferred.  The planet communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.  

A living being is a  EMF field embedded within the EMF field of the earth.  Each cell's DNA as a vibrating transmitter/receiver of information. Alpha brain Frequency of 7.83 HZ on the EEG,  is also known popularly as Schumann’s Resonance .  



These frequencies start at 7.8 Hz and progress by approximately 5.9 Hz. (7.8, 13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3, and 43.2 Hz.).  Resonances of earth, ie, 7.83,  13.7, 19.6, 25.5, 31.4, 37.3 and 43.2 Hertz of earth. 

We all know 7.83 hz being the strongest of all, OM, the Hindu king mnatra or Schumann frequency.  OM has been degraded to AMEN by Christianity and it does NOT do any good.

Ohm- 7.83Hz
Gam - 13.7Hz
Hleem - 19.6Hz
Hreem - 25.5Hz
Kleem - 31.4Hz
Krowm - 37.3Hz
Sreem - 43.2Hz 




The Schumann Resonances are the result of cosmic energy build-up within the cavity that exists between Earth's highly conductive surface and the conducting layer in the upper atmosphere called the ionosphere. the space between the surface of the earth and the conductive ionosphere acts as a waveguide. 



The cavity is naturally excited by energy from lightning strikes. This ionospheric charge creates an electrical shield around the Earth.. The atmosphere is a dielectric insulator, which separates the two. Thus a spherical capacitor as well as a spherical resonator is created and maintained.

Electrical signals of sufficient wavelength (low frequency) are wave-guided around and around between this "sphere within a sphere" and is the base Schumann Resonance of 7.8Hz mainly traveling from West to East.
7.83 HZ or the ALPHA frequency  is the gateway that leads into deeper states of consciousness.



Most people are in an alpha state during the short time immediately before they fall asleep and when the conscious nervous system switches over to the subconscious.

The "alpha state" is where meditation starts and you begin to access the wealth of creativity that lies just below our conscious awareness.  Alpha is also the home of the window frequency known as the Schumann Resonance, which is the resonant frequency of the earth's electromagnetic field.

When we intentionally generate alpha waves and go into resonance with that earthy frequency, we naturally feel better, refreshed, in tune, in synch. It is, in fact, environmental synchronization.

 For thousands of years the Schumann Resonance or pulse (heartbeat) of Earth has been 7.83 cycles per second, recently due to military ELF waves from HAARP , GWEN and Woodpecker,  this resonance has been slowly rising.

Now modern spacecrafts are said to contain a device which simulates the Schumann waves. by producing a 7.83 Hz pulse with a field generator (Schumann device), we can counter the effects of the irritating man-made fields.




Back to Cannabis and hemp--

Bhang ( Cannabis drink ) was not outlawed during the British rule in India. India has to be one of very few countries in the world where one can legally stand on the street and have a cannabis drink without fear of being thrown into jail.. Unlike alcohol and other drugs, there is little or no social stigma attached to bhang. 

Cannabis so ingrained in the culture of India.  Although selling of cannabis is prohibited in India, it’s readily available and no attempts are made to arrest the sellers. In fact, cannabis plants grow wild and are native to India and are often seen as a weed like nuisance in many Indian gardens and fields across the country.



Bhang is a “cannabis milkshake”. It would consist of nuts and spices such like almonds, pistachios, poppy seeds, pepper, ginger and sugar or honey mixed with cannabis powder prepared from cannabis plant and boiled with milk. It is then drunk either at room temperature or cold. It’s usually consumed as milk or yogurt based beverage, famously known as “Bhang ki Thandai” or “Bhang Lassi”




Despite the huge variety of marijuana available these days, almost all of them (over 99%) are ultimately derived from only two cannabis family species. These two essential species are known as Cannabis sativa and Cannabis indica and they differ fundamentally in their chemical composition, physiological aesthetic, and medical application...



The Indica and Sativa subspecies differ in their medicinal properties. Sativa strains produce more of a euphoric high, lifting the consumer’s mood and therapeutically relieving stress.  Indica strains relax muscle and work as general analgesics, also helping with sleep. 



A cancer patient hoping to relieve the pain from chemotherapy would benefit greatly from the effects of an Indica plant bud, whereas an individual dealing with depression would better benefit from a Sativa plant bud...

The active chemicals responsible for the medicinal effects of marijuana are collectively called cannabinoids. This group includes THC, CBD, and CBN. Sativa’s cannabinoid profile is dominated by high THC levels and low or no CBD levels. Indica's chemical profile shows a more balanced mix, with moderate THC levels and higher levels of CBD."


  
9500 B.C. Hemp is woven into fabric in India .  Indians being Hindus by religion and vegetarians rarely used animal skins for personal protection. Even the shoes were made of hemp.

5000 BC—Vedas are written on hemp paper in the North and Palm leaves in the South.

4000 BC- Ayurveda uses Cannabis for various medications and puts it in writing . 

3500 BC- The sailors from Kerala take Cannabis Ayurveda preparations to the Pharoah of Egypt . Tarred hemp is used to caulk the ships' planks.

In modern times--

President Barrack Obama favors the legalization of medical cannabis, basing his decision on the reports of expert medical professionals, while wannabe President and Mormon Mitt Romney is against the legalization of cannabis for any dang reason.
  
Michael Phelps, the most decorated Olympian, admitted he smoked Cannabis—you have seen him on TV, has he wasted away or does he look like a steroid puffed freako monster ?  


  
1860 -'Ganjah Wallah Hasheesh Candy Company' produces one of the most popular candies in the U.S. It is made from cannabis derivatives and maple sugar, sold over-the-counter, and in Sears-Roebuck catalogs. It retains its popularity as a totally harmless and fun candy for over forty years.

By 1883, Hashish smoking parlors have opened in every major American city, including an estimated 500 such establishments in New York City alone.

1890-- Popular American 'marriage guides' recommend cannabis extracts for heightened marital sexual pleasures.

1937  - The February issue of Popular Mechanics runs a story, (prepared before the 1937 legislation was enacted) titled: "New Billion Dollar Crop " and calls hemp the "standard fiber of the world." Popular Mechanics goes on to say hemp can "produce more than 25,000 products, ranging from dynamite to Cellophane." This is the first time ever in U.S. history the term 'billion-dollar' is applied to the potential for an agricultural harvest.



Rothschild forces the US Congress to pass the Marijuana tax act which criminalizes the Cannabis drug in 1937.

Rothschild owned newspapers were run by his henchman William Randolph Hearst who had a monopoly in the timber Industry making newsprint . 

Hemp could also make paper ,but it was time consuming and expensive . Then an inventor by the name of Schlichten made a decorticator which was a machine which could make extract fine fibre in a jiffy without the old process of allowing the hemp to rot in the field for weeks. 



Feeling threatened that hemp would pull the carpet form underneath the feet of  opium and paper, the arm of the Congress was twisted. Nobody in USA dared to invest in the decorticator, and the inventor died a broken man. 

In 1938, as if on cue, the Jewish U.S. company DuPont, one of the Opium agents of Rothschild,  patented the processes for creating plastics from coal and oil and a new process for creating paper from wood pulp.

In 1941 the WONDER MEDICINE AND GOD'S GIFT TO MANKIND Cannabis is removed from the U.S. Pharmacopoeia and it's medicinal use is no longer recognized in America.



1942-U.S. government overrides its own ban on hemp and distributes 400,000 pounds of hemp seed to U.S farmers who produce 42,000 tons of hemp fiber annually to support the war effort until 1946. U.S. farmers, including youthful 4-H Club members, are inundated by "Uncle Sam" with incentives to grow hemp. The U.S.D.A. makes it mandatory for farmers to attend showings of the "Hemp For Victory" film. Farmers and their sons who agree to grow hemp are exempt from military service, even though America is at war. Hemp made uniforms are found to be tougher and more resilient than cotton.

In 1942 U.S. scientists working at the Office of Strategic Services (OSS), manned by Rothschild's payroll scientists , (the CIA’s wartime predecessor) ,selected a potent extract of marijuana as the best available "truth serum."  The cannabis concoction was given the code name TD, meaning Truth Drug. When injected into food or tobacco cigarettes, TD helped loosen the reserve of stubborn interrogation subjects.

1972-- U.S.D.A. finds that hemp seed is lower in saturated fats than any other vegetable oil (including soybean and canola). Other studies note that until this century hemp-cake (the by-product of pressing the seed for oil ) was one of the world's principle animal feeds. It is also found that hemp seed, like soybeans, can produce a tofu-like curd and be spiced to taste like chicken, steak or pork; can be sprouted for salads, ground into meal, and also made into margarine. Hemp seed is recommended as a nutritionally balanced food for domestic pets and farm animals.

1975- Researchers at the Medical College of Virginia discover that cannabis is incredibly successful for reducing the size of many types of tumors, both benign and cancerous.

In 1985 the U.S. the FDA approves Dronabinol, a synthetic THC, for cancer patients,  with side effects, despite a miracle drug natural THC being available in cannabis..

In 1992 as a response to a surge of fervent requests from AIDS patients for medical marijuana, the U.S. government was about to legalise THC , but then then pharmaceutical companies "lobbied" vigorously and the inferior medication dronabinol is approved for AIDS-wasting syndrome. 



In 1996,  California (the first U.S. state to ban marijuana use ) became the first U.S. State to then re-legalize medical marijuana use for people suffering from AIDS, cancer, and other serious illnesses. A similar bill was passed in Arizona the same year. This was followed by the passage of similar initiatives in Alaska, Colorado, Maine, Montana, Nevada, Oregon, Washington, Washington D.C., Hawaii, Maryland, New Mexico, Rhode Island, and Vermont.

In 1997 The American Office of National Drug Control Policy commissioned the Institute of Medicine (IOM) to conduct a comprehensive study of the medical efficacy of cannabis therapeutics. The IOM concluded that cannabis is a safe and effective medicine and that patients should have access. The federal government under the spell of "lobbyists" completely ignored its findings and refused to act on its recommendations.

In 2003 Canada becomes the first country in the world to wake up to the wonders of THC and approve medical marijuana nation-wide. 



From January 1997 to June 2005, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) reported zero deaths caused by the primary use of cannabis. In contrast, common FDA-approved drugs which are often prescribed in lieu of cannabis (such as anti-emetics and anti-psychotics), were the primary cause of 10,008 deaths. The cannabinoid THC has an extremely low toxicity and the amount that can enter the body through the consumption of cannabis plants poses no threat of death.

One of the major criticisms of cannabis as medicine is opposition to smoking as a method of consumption. However, smoking is no longer necessary due to the development of healthier methods. Today, medicinal cannabis patients can use vaporizers, where the essential cannabis compounds are extracted and inhaled. In addition, edible cannabis, which is produced in various baked goods, is also available, and has demonstrated longer lasting effects.

Cannabis contains 483 compounds. At least 80 of these are cannabinoids, which are the basis for medical and scientific use of cannabis. This presents the research problem of isolating the effect of specific compounds and taking account of the interaction of these compounds. 

Cannabinoids can serve as appetite stimulants, antiemetics, antispasmodics, and have some analgesic effects. Six important cannabinoids found in the cannabis plant are tetrahydrocannabinol, tetrahydrocannabinolic acid, cannabidiol, cannabinol, β-caryophyllene, and cannabigerol.



No definitive link between cannabis and cancer has been found. The Journal of the American Medical Association released findings from a 20-year study and analysis of over 5,000 smokers showed that cannabis did not harm lung function, although cigarettes did. 

Cannabis helps fight inflammation and counteracts the effects of irritating chemicals in the drug.  The study concluded: "Occasional and low cumulative marijuana use was not associated with adverse effects on pulmonary function".



Research done by the Scripps Research Institute in California shows that the active ingredient in marijuana, THC, prevents the formation of deposits in the brain associated with Alzheimer's disease. THC was found to prevent an enzyme called acetylcholinesterase from accelerating the formation of "Alzheimer plaques" in the brain more effectively than commercially marketed drugs. 

THC is also more effective at blocking clumps of protein that can inhibit memory and cognition in Alzheimer’s patients, as reported in Molecular Pharmaceutics. Cannabinoids can also potentially prevent or slow the progression of Alzheimer's disease by reducing tau protein phosphorylation, oxidative stress, and neuroinflammation.

According to a 2007 and a 2010 study at the California Pacific Medical Center Research Institute, cannabidiol (CBD) stops breast cancer from spreading throughout the body by downregulating a gene called ID1. This may provide a non-toxic alternative to chemotherapy while achieving the same results without the painful and unpleasant side effects.

Investigators at Columbia University published clinical trial data in 2007 showing that HIV/AIDS patients who inhaled cannabis four times daily experienced substantial increases in food intake with little evidence of discomfort and no impairment of cognitive performance. They concluded that smoked cannabis has a clear medical benefit in HIV-positive patients.



In another study in 2008, researchers at the University of California, San Diego School of Medicine found that marijuana significantly reduces HIV-related neuropathic pain when added to a patient's already-prescribed pain management regimen and may be an "effective option for pain relief" in those whose pain is not controlled with current medications. Mood disturbance, physical disability, and quality of life all improved significantly during study treatment.  It eases essential tremors.

Despite management with opioids and other pain modifying therapies, neuropathic pain continues to reduce the quality of life and daily functioning in HIV-infected individuals. Cannabinoid receptors in the central and peripheral nervous systems have been shown to modulate pain perception. No serious adverse effects were reported, according to the study published by the American Academy of Neurology. A study examining the effectiveness of different drugs for HIV associated neuropathic pain found that smoked Cannabis was one of only three drugs that showed evidence of efficacy.



A study by Complutense University of Madrid found the chemicals in cannabis promote the death of brain cancer cells by essentially helping them feed upon themselves in a process called autophagy.

Smoking marijuana shortly after having a stroke prevents the swelling of the brain -- and consequently much of the brain damage and loss of function associated with strokes. pot has absolutely no toxicity to human tissues; pot has anti-carcinogenic properties; the tar, although greater in proportion than tobacco, is completely water-soluble. 



Hemp is a dioecious, woody, herbaceous annual. Each short growing season it reaches heights of twelve to twenty feet, and grows well in any climate or soil condition. Its roots penetrate deep (one foot per month), breaking up compacted and overworked soil, and combating soil erosion. Since it grows so quickly, it could be a year round crop, harvested twice a year, or it could be planted as a second crop, after harvest of a different one.

This willing plant is able to provide many basic needs of humans anywhere on the planet: food, medicine, treeless shelter and paper, clothing and other textiles, and a renewable fuel alternative to those presently creating acid rain, global warming, and deforestation.

One acre of hemp provides the same amount of cellulose and fiber pulp, used to make paper products and pressed or particleboard, as four acres of trees, while producing four to seven times less pollution. 



Hemp is softer, warmer, stronger and more absorbent than cotton, and it doesn't require the agricultural chemicals that cotton does. Rivers could recover from paper industry chemicals.

Nutrition wise, hemp seed is the highest in essential fatty acids and the lowest in saturated fats. It can be made into a tofu-like curd at a cheaper cost than can soya, sprouted to make milk and ice cream or for use in salad, ground and used like flour, or pressed into an oil, whose by-product is a high protein animal feed.



Hemp as fuel for industrial use, electricity, and transportation -each acre is capable of yielding 1,000 gallons of methanol; that's ten tons per acre every four months. It's an annually renewable fuel source, that can be grown for this purpose , very cheap.

It improves air quality, reducing our dependence on foreign oil, and bringing millions of jobs in energy production, distributing wealth to rural areas and away from the monopolies.
  
The hurds (pulp left over after fiber is removed) are 77% cellulose (that's 50-100 times the cellulose found in sugarcane or corn stalks) that could be used to produce chemicals, biodegradable plastics, paint, dynamite, and fibers. U.S. government was advising and offering American farmers incentives to grow marijuana for plastic, paper, fiber, and energy needs.

Marijuana did not cause any kind of violence, and that it also had positive effects on it's smokers. Marijuana has never acted as a 'gateway drug'; in fact it's been used in alcohol addiction treatment.


  
Some therapeutic uses of smoking: stops asthma attacks, reduces ocular pressure of those with Glaucoma, relieves nausea, stimulates appetites of chemotherapy patients and anorexics, lung expectorant, antispasmodic, reduces intensity of epileptic seizures, relieves symptoms of muscular dystrophy, relieves migraine headaches, lowers blood pressure, relaxes muscles, relieves stress, promotes a restful sleep, relieves dementia and depression, and invokes positive 'vibrations'-all without the negative, and sometimes deadly side effects of pharmaceuticals. 


The plants antibiotic cannabidiolic acids can be applied in a topical form to treat gonorrhea, herpes, arthritis, rheumatism, and cystic fibrosis. . Cannabiniods, the plants active compounds, when injected directly into cancerous brain tumors, were found to completely destroy the tumors, while leaving normal cells untouched. More recent studies show that THC even has its own unique receptor sites in the brain, to which, so far, no other compounds have been found to bind. 





Studies state that cannabis or cannabinoids may be useful in treating alcohol abuse, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, collagen-induced arthritis, asthma, atherosclerosis, bipolar disorder, colorectal cancer, HIV-Associated Sensory Neuropathy depression, dystonia, epilepsy, digestive diseases,essential tremors , gliomas, hepatitis C, Huntington's disease, leukemia, skin tumors, methicillin-resistant Staphylococcus aureus (MRSA), Parkinson's disease, pruritus, posttraumatic stress disorder (PTSD), psoriasis, sickle-cell disease,sleep apnea, and anorexia nervosa..



It can be used to relieve pain, muscle spasms, headaches, anxiety, nausea, vomiting, depression, cramps, panic attacks, diarrhea, and itching. Others used cannabis to improve sleep, relaxation, appetite, concentration or focus, and energy. 




Some patients used it to prevent medication side effects, anger, involuntary movements, and seizures, while others used it as a substitute for other prescription medications and alcohol. Cannabis prevents the wasting syndromes and chronic loss of appetite associated with chemotherapy and AIDS, along with a variety of rare muscular and skeletal disorders.

As early as 4200 BC, Charaka, the Father of Medicine , used Cannabis leaves for osmosis hot water immersion baths for spine injury related ( in battle ) spasms, epilepy seizures, dementia, severe arthritis pain, nausea, and PMS cramps. Singers would practise while in a steam bath. He knew the anti-oxidative , neuro-protective and anti-inflammatory properties of Cannbis.




SIR Dr. William B. O’Shaughnessy , employed by Rothschild in British East india company, came to Calicut ( my home town ) and Kottakkal  ( one hour away by car ) in 1841, to learn on the medical uses of Cannabis.   He watched Cannabis extract being used  to calm epilepsy convulsions.  He lifted from Ayurvedic texts and patented all this knowledge in his own name .

The seeds, by which is meant the white kernels of the achenia, are used for a great variety of affections, and are considered to be tonic, demulcent, alterative, laxative, emmenagogue, diuretic, anthelmintic, and corrective. They are made into a Kanjee or soup by boiling with water, mixed with wine ,made into pills, and beaten into a paste. 

These were some reasons the pharmaceutical companies got worried. If marijuana were to be legalized, right away it would replace 20% of pharmaceutical drugs, taking billions of dollars a year away from the pharmaceutical companies, who have so far been unsuccessful at synthetically replicating the positive effects of marijuana.

Half of the "lobbying" funds contributed to US Govt from 'against marijuana' groups come from American pharmaceutical drug companies. 



The other half, come from the legal tobacco and liquor companies (oil and paper companies are also contributors).

In its 10,000-year-old history, zero deaths have been linked to non-addictive marijuana, but each year alcohol is linked to 100,000 deaths and 70% of child rape, wife beating and murders.

An even worse offender is tobacco, as addictive as heroin, which kills more people each year than AIDS, heroin, crack, cocaine, alcohol, car accidents, fire, and murder combined. 



Acute effects while under the Cannabis influence can include euphoria ( 95% ) and anxiety ( 15% ).--Even too much oxygen is bad for the human body.

When smoked, the short-term effects of cannabis manifest within seconds and are fully apparent within a few minutes, typically lasting for 2 to 3 hours, varying by the person and the strain of marijuana.



Usual effects are a general alteration of conscious perception, euphoria, feelings of well-being, relaxation or stress reduction, increased appreciation of humor, music or the arts, joviality, metacognition and introspection, enhanced recollection (episodic memory), increased sensuality, increased awareness of sensation, increased libido, and creativity.





Of the approximately 2000 cannabis plants varieties known on this planet, about 90% contain low-grade THC and are most useful for their fiber, seeds and medicinal or psychoactive oils. The highest THC and special effects Cannabis is found in India.  Three  main species of Cannabis is widely recognised: C. indica, C. ruderalia, and C. sativa.

Hemp is very environmentally friendly as it requires few pesticides and no herbicides. It has been called a carbon-negative raw material. 

Cannabis sativa is the variety grown for industrial use, while Cannabis indica (generally has poor fiber quality) and is primarily used for recreational and medicinal purposes.



There are three types of cannabis used in India . The first, bhang, consists of the leaves and plant tops of the marijuana plant. It is usually consumed as an infusion in beverage form, and varies in strength according to how much cannabis is used in the preparation. 



The second, ganja, consisting of the leaves and the plant tops, is smoked.

The third, called charas or hashish, consists of the resinous buds and/or extracted resin from the leaves of the marijuana plant. Some of the wandering ascetics in India known as sadhus smoke charas out of a clay chillum. Cannabis was employed by them to go into a trance, as “necromancers" to set forward time and reveal future events.





Long forgotten events are often recalled and thoughts occur in unrelated sequences. Perception of time, and occasionally of space, is altered. Visual and auditory hallucinations follow the use of large doses. 





Euphoria, excitement, inner happiness – often with hilarity and laughter – are typical. In some cases, a final mood of depression may be experienced. While behaviour is sometimes impulsive, violence or aggression is seldom induced.

In modern times HEMP is used for INDUSTRIAL purposes including paper, textiles, clothing, biodegradable plastics, construction (as with Hemcrete and insulation), body products, health food and bio-fuel. Hemp is thus legally grown in many countries across the world including Spain, China, Japan, Korea, France, North Africa and Ireland. 





Hemp is grown for milk animal fodder ( oil cakes ) and for a wide variety of purposes including the manufacture of cordage, durable clothing and nutritional products. 

The oil from the seeds oxidizes and hence hemp oil is a drying oil, like Linseed oil.  Hemp oil is used in the manufacture of oil-based paints, in creams as a moisturizing agent, for cooking, and in plastics.



Hemp seeds can be eaten raw, ground into a meal, sprouted, made into hemp milk (akin to soy milk),  and used in baking. The fresh leaves can also be consumed in salads. Products include cereals, frozen waffles, hemp tofu, nut butters, protein powders , ice creams and even cosmetics. Hempseed oil has found some use in the production of soaps, shampoos and detergents. 


The oil is of high nutritional value because its 3:1 ratio of omega-6 to omega-3 essential fatty acids, which matches the balance required by the human body. Approximately 44% of the weight of hempseed is healthy edible oils, Hempseed's amino acid profile is close to "complete" when compared to more common sources of proteins such as meat, milk, eggs and soy. 



Hemp protein contains all 21 known amino acids, including the 9 essential ones adult bodies cannot produce. Proteins are considered complete when they contain all the essential amino acids in sufficient quantities and ratios to meet the body's needs. Hempseed oil has a relatively low smoke point and is not suitable for frying.

Concrete-like blocks made with hemp and lime have been used as an insulating material for construction. A mixture of fibreglass, hemp fiber, kenaf, and flax has been used since 2002 to make composite panels for automobiles.



Various car makers are beginning to use hemp in their cars, including Audi, BMW, Ford, GM, Chrysler, Honda, Iveco, Lotus, Mercedes, Mitsubishi, Porsche, Saturn, Volkswagen and Volvo. The Lotus Eco Elise has hemp in it. The Mercedes C-Class has up to 20 kg of hemp in each car.

Hemp paper from Russian mills were used for bank notes, stamped paper, credit bills, postal stamps, bonds, stocks, and other watermarked paper. Hemp paper is stronger and less environmentally destructive than paper made of trees.

Hemp rope was used in the age of sailing ships, though the rope had to be protected by tarring. Hemp rope was phased out when Manila, which does not require tarring, became widely available. Hemp-fibres were also used as part of a caulking that made the hull of sailing ships watertight. 



Sailors made hemp shoes and baskets.  The male plants were used for making linen and sails because the fibers are finer then those of the female plant. Or the coarser fibers of the female were used for making more heavy canvas and rope.


We sailors know that Hemp ropes retains more strength when the yarn is twisted to the right. This resulted in a left hand strand, and a right hand rope. It wasn't until modern times that microscopic examination of the plant illustrated that the structure of the plant has a natural twist that causes this effect." This explains why Left Hand Strands twisted together as Right Hand lay ("Z" twist) make stronger hemp rope.



Hemp can be used as a "mop crop" to clear impurities out of wastewater, such as sewage effluent, excessive phosphorus from chicken litter, or other unwanted substances or chemicals. Hemp is being used to clean contaminants at the Chernobyl nuclear disaster site. This is known as phytoremediation - the process by the cleaning radiation as well as a variety of other toxins from the soil, water, and air.

The dense growth of hemp helps kill weeds, even thistle. Hemp, because of its height, dense foliage and its high planting density as a crop, is a very effective and long used method of killing tough weeds in farming by minimizing the pool of weed seeds of the soil.Using hemp this way can help farmers avoid the use of herbicides, to help gain organic certification and to gain the benefits of crop rotation per se. 



Hemp seeds are 44% oil and can be used to create natural organic ethanol or methanol. Ethanol blends of 10%-15% blend massively reduces emissions. Pure Ethanol releases no black soot like how oil dirties car engines and exhaust pipes. 

Hemp can produce 10 times more methanol than corn. Hemp fuel burns clean. Petroleum causes acid rain due to sulfur pollution. The use of hemp fuel does not contribute to environmental pollution nor “global climate change”.



Biofuels, such as biodiesel and alcohol fuel, can be made from the oils in hemp seeds and stalks, and the fermentation of the plant as a whole, respectively. Biodiesel produced from hemp is sometimes known as "hempoline" or Hemp oil Methyl Ester.



Filtered hemp oil can be used directly to power diesel engines.  Rudolf Diesel, the inventor of the diesel engine, designed it to run on seed oils like hemp. He actually ran the thing on peanut oil for the 1900 World's Fair. 

Henry Ford used hemp to not only construct cars but also fuel them. Hemp fuel is biodegradable; so oil spills become fertilizer not eco-catastrophes. Hemp fuel does not contribute to sulfur dioxide air poisoning. Other noxious emissions like carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons are radically slashed by using “biodiesel.”.



Henry Ford’s first Model-T was built to run on hemp gasoline and the car itself was constructed from hemp. On his large estate, Ford was photographed among his hemp fields. The car, ‘grown from the soil,’ had hemp plastic panels whose impact strength was 10x stronger than steel; --Popular Mechanics, 1941.
  
Hemp is relatively insensitive to cold temperatures and can withstand frost down to -5 degrees C.  The soil invading roots  can access ground water supplies from deeper soil layers.



Industrial hemp methanol would be an inexpensive, healthy alternative – giving us freedom from using hydrocarbon fuels and replacing them with healthy carbohydrate fuels. There are some commercial kitchens stoves that can use methanol without upgrading the equipment. It’s  clean, efficient, inexpensive energy…and a renewable one at that.




Hemp benefits crops grown after it. For this reason it is generally grown before winter cereals. 



Advantageous changes are high weed suppression, soil loosening by the large hemp root system and the positive effect on soil tilth. 



Hemp could serve as a replacement for many petroleum-based products like fuel and plastics. Many countries are re-instituting hemp studies and hemp cultivation as part of the "green" movement. Hemp gave high-grade food oil that was also used for lamp oil, the production of paint and eco soap.



Hemp is 77% cellulose, which is the main component for fuel. Methanol from hemp is clean, renewable, and does not require large amounts of dangerous chemicals to process.

 

Now you get the drift why Lord Shiva gave this Cannabis plant as a gift, to this planet? 

And how greedy multi-national corporates "lobbied" with politicians to paint a boon as a bane.



People who have sailed with me under my command will have NO problems in taking in this potent advice " Medical researchers of the West will do well to probe the effects of THC (Cannabis)  in solving the prevalent disgraceful Alzheimers disease, which happens due to your life style,  where the old  die from the side effects of the synthetic medicines they take . Probably this is what their younger family members want --good riddance to old rubbish --if not think about it "



I HOPE THIS POST PERSUADES WORLD GOVERNMENTS TO DE-CRIMINALIZE CANNABIS, TO ALLOW THEIR DENIZENS EXPLODE TO HIGHER CONSCIOUSNESS,  AFTER 21ST DEC 2012,  TO UPGRADE DNA TO 12 STRAND,  AND MAKE THIS PLANET MORE PEACEFUL AND WORTH LIVING.   EVER HEARD OF VEDIC QUANTUM ENTRAINMENT?


“Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.” - Bhagavad Gita
********************************************************************
THE JOY OF HAVING A CAT AS A PET- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


THE JOY OF HAVING A CAT AS A PET -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Cats are underestimated. They can learn complex tasks, especially if the reward is food.

In highly structured tests of learning ability, cats often outperformed dogs in the ability to master conceptual problems.

Cat's have the ability to master "oddity learning" in which the animal is shown three objects and is rewarded for selecting the one that is most unlike the other two. In the test, cats learned to paw a square block rather than two round blocks presented at the same time, because food was hidden beneath the square block.

They are capable of forming attachments to people and communicating their needs and wants. They are capable of "instinctual thought."

They have personalities - and that may mean that they don't hesitate to demand whatever they want, be it food, play, or to be left alone.

How do cats get our attention? Those with louder "voices" may meow at their owners endlessly. They may also follow you around, insist on sitting on your laps , or rub against your ankles. All of these are signs that the cat uses to say "I'm here! Pay attention to me!" 

I saw my cat up on my dining room table, trying to eat the fired fish from the top floor . When I walked down the stairs to the dining room, she quickly jumped onto the chair that she usually sleeps on, and pretended she was sleeping!

All my three cats know how to open door handles. They know how to press the knob and open the microwave too.

Cats, like humans, have binocular vision that gives them depth perception.

Twice my cats warned my wife when a snake came into our compound.  Once when it entered our house.

Cats are far more independent and can take care of themselves better.

Provide adequate food and water and a cat can be left home alone for a few days while you go on vacation, dogs can't. 


Cats have a personality are too intelligent to perform on command, unlike dogs who are “follow the leader” type pack animals..  The solitary cat answers to no one and is motivated by the sole need to survive. 

Cats have excellent memory, and positive experiences are just as easily stored and recalled, particularly if they have to do with food or play.  

Many of them also have an uncanny ability to know the hour of their regular feeding time.  They will wake up the sleeping owner by nibbling on the toes.  

Our cats respond to the name call by looking into the eyes, with an instant MEOW.

Cats can be toilet trained.  Outdoors they dig a hole for a crap and cover it up. Indoors they go through the same motions as programmed in their DNA.

Dogs will take a command, cats do as "they" please. Owning a cat is a good forerunner of marriage. You learn that you cannot control another living being, or expect someone to do everything you want.

Cats give themselves a bath.

Cat owners are smarter than dog owners. The purity of a person's heart can be quickly measured by how they regard cats. A cat has absolute emotional honesty, human beings, for one reason or another, may hide their feelings, but a cat is not a hypocrite.

If you are worthy of its affection, a cat will be your friend, but never your slave.

It is such a joy to see them early in the morning chasing butterflies and squirrels. 

I have seen a squirrel PLAY DEAD for 3 hours , and then when I shooed my cat away ( who was toying around with it with such determination ) , the squirrel just took off like a bullet.



























When it comes to small babies, cats show some uncharacteristic patience!

And remember-- a cat MEOWS only for a human being -- for nobody else!-- unlike dogs who are "bark and growl happy" !!
********************************************************************
STREISAND EFFECT , SELF GOAL BY KARTI CHIDAMBARAM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



STREISAND EFFECT,  HOW INTERNET DOES NOT FOLLOW NEWTONS THIRD LAW -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Only in this Digital Age and with the Internet information super highway could the Streisand Effect exist. 

The nature of social media ( with shares and retweets giving information ze perpetual life )  makes the Streisand Effect more ubiquitous than ever.

So, what is this "Streisand effect" - meme,  all about ?



Barbara Streisand’s lawyers tried to force Kenneth Adelman and Pictopia.com to remove a photo of her palatial Malibu home,  that was among a collection of 12,000 photos of the California coastline. 

The photo had been accessed six times when the lawsuit was filed, four times by her own lawyer.  After news of the lawsuit went national, the photo was viewed nearly 500,000 times. 


This was not even some frisky paparazzo taking pictures specifically of her goodies –nay—nose, while at the pool side. Rather, it was part of the California Coastal Records Project, a government-commissioned photographic study of the entire California coast.  And she sued for 50 million daallerzs.

Adding insult to injury, the lawsuit was thrown out. TEE HEEEE!!



The term is a modern expression of the older phenomenon that banning or censoring something often makes that item or information more desirable, and leads to it being actively sought out to a greater extent than it would have otherwise been— and with large hearted Internet available, it goes viral.

How people organically talk about you, your company, your brand or your bank balance, doesn’t make or break your reputation in this Digital Age — 

Till then nobody gave a dang about Barbara baby, her weird nose and her fancy bungalow on the cliff.



An industrialist was arrested on Tuesday on charges of posting "offensive remarks" on Union finance minister P Chidambaram's son Karti Chidambaram on micro-blogging site Twitter. 

S Ravi, 46, in a tweet on October 19 2012,  alleged that Karti Chidambaram had "amassed" more wealth than Robert Vadra, UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law.  

Karti Chidambaram lodged a complaint and Ravi was booked under Section 66 (1) (hacking with computer system) of the Information Technology Act.  

Police arrested Ravi and produced him before chief judicial magistrate, who granted him bail. If convicted, the industrialist faces imprisonment up to three years or a fine or both. 

This is a self inflicted goal.   In a single stroke, Karti has ensured that his father will NOT win the next elections in 2014 — and he has also ensured that from now on , the whole of India will be keeping a hawk’s eye on his “business” dealings.  

This man Ravi had a Twitter following of 12, out of which half were his relatives. Today every Indian who watches TV knows our man Ravi-- and poor Thiru Karti has painted himself into a corner..


This planet is now obsessed with the latest celebrity gossip,  a gross dislike for brutal censorship from uppity folks, and then there is always this delicious innate human inquisitiveness. There aint no goin’ back—it is for keeps!.

The faster apna Karti baby knows and understands this new founded Internet thingy the better. 

Suppress to exacerbate, is the name of this Internet mantra.



Well, ladies and gentlemen , this is the miserable condition of India in 2012. 

We Indians claim to be the world’s largest democracy, yet we choose among rotten eggs.  

Every country on this planet knows how much inner party democracy there is in India, when it comes to major decisions like choosing the President of India or the Prime Minister of India or high profile cabinet Ministers — leave alone Indians.  

The Streisand effect is an internet-coined name ( although the effect predates the popular usage of the internet ) for a PARADOX phenomenon whereby an attempt to censor or gag a report has led to great interest in the story or work that nobody would have noticed , had they not attempted to ban or censor the story or work.

In the modern world of blogs, there are no shortages of such examples,  as blogs have become a main means whereby people speak out, and often have a network of friends or collaborators just waiting to get pissed off - if one is censored, it will quickly be picked up by another, and then it snowballs. 

Censorship on Internet, is obviously seen as an assault on -nay -assassination of free speech, and it is usually this aspect that attracts the attention, rather than the nature of the story itself - indeed, many of the stories are downright boring compared to the ensuing sh#tstorm about censorship.


There is no law out there that is a silver bullet for getting rid of everything you don’t like on the Web and that, if you try to treat it as such, there’s a decent chance that you could find out just how difficult it is to make the Web bend to your will ( and how hard it can snap back and bloody your nose and your personal brand ).

Punch into Google search “Santhosh Pandit” and you will find 7.6 millions posts.  Abhisekh Bachchan who has been in Bollywood movies for 12 years as a hero has only 2.9 million and that too, only because his name is associated with his more famous father, wife and mother. 

Pandit made a very bad Malayalam movie , and it got such bad reviews,  that it became a hit.  Cinema halls in Kerala are full -- all with young educated men. Women are afraid to go to the theatre , as the audience cheers , booes, claps and whistles throughout the movie. The movie is NONSENSE, and some guys wear motorcycle helmets to avoid being seen watching this crap. 

Santosh will even put the camera out of focus or off target to piss you off.  Suddenly you will see the grass and ants instead of the actor. And the people love him.  3 hours of unadulterated madness and crazed cheering from die hard fans- - better to do so than squirm in your seats, right? 

You must understand that Kerala movie going public is generally more intelligent than the rest of India. That is why when the whole of India burns with race and religions riots,  nothing happens here. 

His dialogues are ridiculous.  He takes Plain Jane heroines. He cant sing for nuts, yet he sings all the songs in his movies.  Santosh Pandit with a 4 decades “misplaced back in time fashion sense” is the hero in all his movies.  

He is targeted on face book and twitter.  When he goes to inaugurate show rooms people throw eggs on him.  

Since the advent of DVDs' cinema halls running mainstream Malayalam movies with mega heroes are rarely houseful. 

The proof of a pudding lies in the eating—every Master Chef knows that.  Nobody is gonna eat it if he is gonna puke and choke on it.  After eating too many rasgollas , we sometimes crave for a chilly Kondattam.

During the last Michael Jackson trial, Tonight Show host Jay Leno made the requisite jokes about Jackson being a pedophile, and Jackson obtained a gag order on the grounds that Leno was a witness in the case. The judge eventually ruled that Leno could make jokes about Jackson as long as he didn't discuss his testimony. 

Meanwhile, Leno circumvented the order by having guest comedians come on and make the jokes for him, and celebrated the lifting of the gag order by doing a monologue consisting entirely of jokes about Michael Jackson.

Ryan Giggs was already world famous as a footballer for Manchester United - and then he decided to take on Twitter. He sued the site after a user revealed that he was the subject of an anonymous privacy injunction - commonly known as a super-injunction - preventing the publication of details regarding an alleged affair with model Imogen Thomas. 

In the video below Hilter's secretary has a secret affair with Giggs--TEE HEEEE! ( hope Giggs will NOT sue me ) 




Ryan Giggs's attempts to hide his identity in the story of his alleged affair were scuppered by Twitter. 

However, this legal action greatly offended the "twitterati" or at least 75,000 of them, who subsequently retweeted - or republished - Giggs's name and affair claim around the site. It posed a challenge to Giggs and to the law, to see if they were both willing to chase an ever-growing number of microbloggers for their publication of his name in this particular context.

Hey, Karti saar, and Chid paaji,  sometimes it's best to pick your battles, or platform using wisdom, like Bill Clinton of Monika Lewisnky fame . 




Who ever knew of a folk hero Aseem Trivedi , the quintessential average cartoonist, before he was arrested for --hold your breath-- sedition ?  He is now strutting around in shiny pointy shoes , in the house of Bigg Boss 6.

Who ever heard of a tsunami in India till 2004.  Thanks to you, in India we shall rename Streisand effect as THE Karti effect.


Streisand Effect usually starts with social media and spread to mainstream media. Obviously, targeting someone who is social media savvy increases the risk of a spectacular domino Streisand Effect.

How you respond in a mature and intelligent manner, to the way people talk about your personal brand has a much greater effect on your reputation.  

It is a daunting task with today’s unfathomably massive and torrential flow of Internet  information to direct or control a message.  In more cases than not, it’s more effective to embrace the way people are talking about you, if you are in public life.  

People do NOT believe everything what is printed in the "free for all" Internet maidan --   unless they are idiots of the first order !!  

Internet is NOT a peer reviewed magazine owned by Rothschild.  This is the charm of the electronic social media. 

Some time I myself make an aggressive comment on the Internet and derive a lot of fun, when people respond like dorks in a knee jerk manner.  In fact my last line would be ‘DORKS SHALL FETCH' – it requires intelligence to understand this ( ever heard of a dog fetching what you have thrown –or an echo ?) .  

Like what the saint in the graveyard, told Amitabh Bachchan  (holding a dead Rekha in his arm s)  in the Bollywood movie Mukkaddar Ka Sikkandar— dard ko gale se lagaa, dard ko apna le beta !.



Would anybody have known about  Salman Rushdie's and his verbose and complex The Satanic Verses , ever?   This spooky loonin’ guy became a celebrity , got invites to the Queen’s box, got for himself  a fortune and wrangled an attractive wife. Any attempt at suppressing some books turned them into instant best-sellers.

In October 2009, Ralph Lauren issued a DMCA complaint against Photoshop Disasters for criticising and reposting some of their advertising. Although the company later apologised for the shoddy photoshopping, they went and did an encore a few weeks later.  

If there is a fine they will pay it,  if they have to go to jail they will gladly go skippety skip.  

They cannot give you 100 lashes , or cut off your family jewels, in the year 2012 , right?  

See in business and politics, nothing succeeds like success.

So-called "gag orders" and "super injunctions" are designed by courts to limit the effect. These orders prevent the press not just from reporting an incident, but also from reporting or hinting that they've been prevented from reporting it!  These are often used in privacy or libel battles, but if overturned or lifted, the Streisand Effect is free to come out in full force.  

Indeed, it often comes out in fuller force thanks to the nature of the super-injunctions limits on free speech.  Applying for, and failing to achieve, a super-injunction in court often leads to greater publicity for a scandal.





In December 2010, the website WikiLeaks was the subject of DoS attacks and rejection from ISPs as a consequence of the United States cable leaks.  People sympathetic to WikiLeaks' cause and admiring Julian Assange’s bal#s of steel , which clanged to create sparks, voluntarily mirrored the website in order to make it impossible for any one person to completely remove the cables.

Kim Kardashian has lately being staging ze “ Streisand effect in reverse” , with her leaked sex tapes, starring herself and  well endowed rapper Ray J.   



Do we look stupid to you, Kim, baby ?  

Did you say Yeah?  

Ok then-- where is mE banana ?



Streisand Effects are most common when the person doing the silencing is seen as either being a “high and mighty” corrupt man silencing a smaller one or someone who is otherwise abusing power.  While this isn’t always true,  most who fall victim to the effect are either celebrities or large gung ho companies.

No one likes censorship—especially on the Internet.  Transparency is the expectation, and when that is challenged,  the outcome seldom favors those trying to suppress the information. The bitter lesson is that you can no longer hide from the truth on the net. 

Those in public life with no truth to hide from will be fine. But those who try beware: The Streisand effect looms large. Nobody targets a nice private citizen.

Here is the psychology , all free .  All humans have innate inquisitiveness programmed into their DNA . When this curiosity is mixed with a fear of missing the bus, the sneaky feeling something is being hidden from them or that someone is overacting to something, it can cause individuals to react in mischievous ways that others will support.  



Add to this combination with a natural dislike for censorship from evil brands or uppity corrupt power broking individuals – it becomes a heady mix .

Psychologists have done studies and found that the subjects' desire for any kind of potentially censor-able material increased when the subjects were told that it was censored.  The old Forbidden Fruit principle in action, in other words.  

Banning any discussion or otherwise trying to close down a discussion will typically serve only to make more people aware of it.  The ‘banning’ becomes the new story and a much bigger and more important discussion.  People forget and do NOT care was the original bu##shit discussion was all about.

People will continue to discuss things online, as humans tend to disagree. They will discuss issues which may not be in consonance with your  preferred line of thinking.  Many of these harmless discussions will be between small groups of people , and it dies a natural death after it runs out of passion,  or steam.  





You will only give it a much larger undeserving audience and convert it to a growing deadly hurricane ( which may consume you and your personal brand ) if you join try to throw a high profile spanner in the works, in a “take me if you can” or “don’t mess with me” manner. 




If Sarah Palin were to sue people the way Thiru Karti Saar did, she would have to live for 500 years. 
********************************************************************
THE HAUNTING AND EERIE MELODIES FROM PANPIPES- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
THE HAUNTING AND EERIE MELODIES FROM PANPIPES - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Above: This Bolivian is playing a DOUBLE decker. --requires talent!





I fell in love with panpipes when I stayed for two months at Trogir ( near Split Croatia ) , before taking delivery of a brand new Chemical tanker.



In the evening myself and my Canadian Chief Engineer used to walk down from our hotel , to the riviera, a 10 minute stroll. 

The whole area used to be crowded chock-a-block with tourists from Europe and Scandinavia ( May and June vacation season ).  Tourists come all the way by chartered buses from as far way as Estonia.



There we used to walk past the well lit seafront at 8 PM with thousands of tourists who have come to this summer get away resort, to enjoy. Girls are all in skimpy dresses, as it is warm.

The best yachts you can ever see used to be lined up at the berth.

Our daily routine was-- to have a couple of beers have a nice heavy dinner, and go back to our hotel,  from where the seafront was just 30 metres away.



The sea water is so clear, blue and salty there. The dense sea water allows you to lie down and float.

Before going for dinner, we used to stop at a place where two Bolivians from the Andes played the panpipes. They were professionals, and they come here every year, to mint money.



After a few days I noticed that I was the most honored man in the audience. The moment the musician duo saw us coming they would wave out to me.  And in between the songs , they used to make it a point to exchange small talk with me.



One day while having our beers,I asked my Chief Engineer "Why do the Bolivians like me so much?"

At the time the Norwegian Framo Engineer who was a guest on our boozing up table asked " Captain have you not noticed that you are the ONLY dark skinned man on the seafront for the past month ?  As you walk past everybody keeps looking at you ".

My chief Engineer agreed " Yes, sometimes I used to feel jealous, why all are keep staring at Captain and not at me"

And then I reminisced --yes-- he was right--  every single soul was white , except me , in fact in the whole of Trogir.  This area was an expensive one, and only rich white tourists came here.



In the shipyard my nickname was SANDOKAN, behind my back .  Apparently he was supposed to be a dark skinned pirate. 



I guess , Capt Jack Sparrow ( Johnny Depp ) never came anywhere close to Sandokan,  in revving the motors of the European women-- red hot--  forcing them to lift their hood..

Capt Jack Sparrow was only for boy kids.



Anyway, the day the Bolivians went back home to their beloved Andes, having made their dough, they gave  me an expensive panpipe at a discount.

Cant imagine , CIA trained the GREEN BERETS to smoke out Che Guevara in these rugged parts.



Some woman in a farm who gave him some eggs, sneaked . Even today CIA does NOT accept their part in this capture of a legend.



I would like all of you to read this post SPIRIT AND CHE GUEVARA- VADAKAYIL.  Punch this into Google search.

Only one in a BILLION can be a Che Guevara.

Well , well, what do you know?



Below the bones of Che Guevara , sans hands exhumed after 30 years .  Che’s hands were chopped off by CIA and sent to Fidel Castro in Formaldehyde, just to taunt him.

Gary Prado, the captain who commanded the Bolivian Ranger company that captured Che, and who later rose to the rank of general, insisted for years that the body had been cremated and the ashes scattered in the jungle.

Jubilation erupted when the handless body was exhumed.  There will never ever be such a rapturous occasion again-- on this planet.



In the dead of night , a convoy of 10 vehicles made a five-hour, 150-mile dash at breakneck speeds along treacherous mountain roads to transfer the remains to the provincial capital of Santa Cruz—as if they were in a race rally.  

Such was the passion the bones of Che generated.

There, the handless remains were quickly identified. 



The excavated teeth perfectly matched a plaster mold of Che's teeth made in Havana before he left for the Congo so that he could be identified if he died in combat.


I tried playing that huge panpipe  -- I never could.  Then I forgot to bring it home, --for I forgot to put it into my suitcase when I signed off the ship.

Even today , one of my elusive dreams is to be a HAUNTING panpipe player who can hold an entire audience in a trance.

Nobody will even dare to breathe hard -- such is the magic.  Here there is NO waving hands, and all that nonsense.  All will be still, misty eyed and flush faced.

People listen, spellbound.

ENJOY!




Above--how to play it--tutorial.




Above-Gheorghe Zamfir - Einsamer Hirte




Above-Gheorghe Zamfir - Dont cry for me Argentina ( I dedicate this to Che Guevara) 


STAND ASIDE EVITA DEAR !  THESE LYRICS SOUND BETTER FOR A HERO BY THE NAME OF CHE GUEVARA!!



Don't cry for me Argentina
The truth is I never left you
All through my wild days
My mad existence
I kept my promise
Don't keep your distance 
And as for fortune, and as for fame
I never invited them in
Though it seemed to the world they were all I desired 
They are illusions
They are not the solutions they promised to be
The answer was here all the time
I love you and hope you love me 
Don't cry for me Argentina





Above-- David Döring---You raise me up




Above- Lara's theme ( Dr Zhivago )




Above- Titanic (  Intimidating-- YIKES!!!!! )



Above- I have a dream ( ABBA-- close your eyes and put head phones on ) 

Panpipe is based on the principle of the closed tube, consisting usually of five or more pipes of gradually increasing length (and, at times, girth).

The pan flute's tubes are stopped at one end, at which the standing wave is reflected giving a note an octave lower than that produced by an open pipe of equal length..

After every song they tune the pipes electronically , by dropping a small ball into one of the tubes.

The pan flute is played by blowing horizontally across the open end against the sharp inner edge of the pipes. 

They use the technique of both tilting the pipes and jaw movement, thus reducing the size of the pipe's opening and producing a change in pitch.

An advanced player can play any scale and in any key. There are two styles of vibrato possible, hand vibrato and breath vibrato.

In hand vibrato, the player applies a gentle motion to one end of the pan flute (usually the high end) in much the same way as the violin vibrato is achieved by rocking the hand from the wrist.

Breath vibrato is the same technique used by players of the flute and other woodwinds by use of the player's diaphragm.
Below:--The cosmic mind of Shiva-- Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
CRACKING THE LIAR, EXPOSING THE LIE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
DETECTING A LIE,   HOW TO CATCH A LIAR,  HUMAN BEHAVIOR,  EXPLORING THE HUMAN MIND-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





I have been watching Bigg Boss season 6, since it started, a month ago. The Foreign equivalent is Big Brother- where a group of people stay for 3 months in a confined home, with about 70 cameras , equipped with night vision, monitoring every inch and second of their progress.

It is NOT about peeping into private lives, it is about peeping into the human psyche and mind.

For the past 3 decades, as a ship Captain , I have been putting my own mind into test. Every time and new Officer or a crew member joins, I make him sit down , when he first reports to me in my cabin, with his documents.  I ask him a few open ended questions --like "How was your flight?" etc.

Then I say welcome on board and shake hands with him again. I miss out NOTHING!

After he leaved my cabin, I write down what I think about him--an initial gut feeling assessment  Then a time comes when he signs off , or I sign off. 

At this time I have to make his service report or appraisal report, which is based on a multitude of factors. And then I compare my initial assessment with my final assessment. I have never been wrong.

The perceptive human mind can beat any Lie detection machine or any Narco analysis, to exhume the truth. I will talk about these two methods in greater detail later.

Back to Big Boss --

As soon as I saw Sampat Pal Devi, the leader of the Gulabi gang , I was interested. here was a woman who was heading a 20,000 strong gang of woman vigilantes, with heavy sticks to thrash the men folk. Was she for real?  Has she breached trust and taken all for a royal ride?

By the way every act of infidelity ( unless it is rape ) is 50:50, unless you are fu#kin' stupid. Both men and women are equal partners.  The man cannot penetrate unless the woman opens out her legs. If she does NOT open out, it goes into a different IPC section and becomes rape, which is severely punishable by law.

Why is it that man is always the culprit, when there is an act of sex which is NOT rape --say an extra marital affair ?  You ask handsome men, and they will tell you what sort of dirty mental games a woman is capable of.

What is more painful, a slap on a woman's face or DRIP DRIP  mental bleeding inflicted on man by a woman? The slap was more painful ?

Then this liberator woman must answer this question too. 

IS THERE ANY ANIMAL OR BIRD OR MAMMAL ( INSECTS PLEASE EXCUSE ) WHERE THE FEMALE GENDER IS MORE BEAUTIFUL, STRONGER OR INTELLIGENT THAN THE MALE GENDER?

The cook , the tailor? -- BLAH BLAH.

Oh Yeah?

If so, why is it that a master tailor or a master chef  is always a man? Pray? Prithee?

Now back to our Madame Sampat -who is as attractive as last night's dinner left overs.
 
The Gulabi gang (from Hindi gulabi, "pink") wears pink . 

She has been invited to international forums and has travelled to the US, France, Sweden and Italy.  

Why not?  

One day with an SMS the foreign forces can start off a riot and bring down a popularly elected Indian Government .  It is always better to invest in such mindless vigilante forces, right?-- and make India -- a Tunisia or an Egypt or a Libya or a Syria or an Iran?

Gulabis visit abusive husbands and beat them up with heavy sticks. 

In 2008, they stormed an electricity office in Banda district and beat up government officials , to turn back the power they had cut , as payments were overdue—as per the law. And all go GA GA.

After two days, I told my wife. This woman is a fake. She is a liar of the first order.  This Bigg Boss session will be her undoing --as the whole country is watching.

She keeps singing her own praises, and creates several occasions throughout the day for this.  How she caught a passport official by his collar BLAH BLAH.

After sometime this type of boast from a weasel faced woman, can get on your nerves unless you are a REAL hero or Champion like Mohammed Ali or Usain Bolt, in which case it can be a source of great joy to lesser mortals.

And sure enough -- 2 days ago, she proved to be a shameless liar of the first order. She was called into the confession room, and she apologized profusely for her trespasses  Then she comes out and tells everybody that Bigg Boss apologized to her.  She was exposed by the telephone caller at the end of the week meeting, and she was arm twisted into admitted to the house mates that she told a BIG LIE-- about the apology. 

Beware of false gods like this. They will take you to the cleaners. This is why I am writing this post. 


Digression: There is a woman inside by the name of Sapna-- it is NOT right to put her into Bigg Boss 6 house without putting her through a psychological test.  WARNING-- I am serious about this.

And to this weird woman Sapna I will tell this:  
SHOVE YOUR KRANTI !! 
WE DON'T NEED IT IN INDIA-- WE LIKE OUR INDIAN WOMEN AS THEY ARE.
Do we need to see this freak Sapna on national TV? Is she the role model for our young Indian girls?



How do you catch a liar?

Well , every creature on this planet has a behavior pattern. When this pattern matching goes haywire, then you must suspect.


Let me give a simple example  A cat's DNA is programmed to dig a hole in the soil before a crap. Then after the solemn and private deed, with no prying eyes, the cat will cover the crap filled hole, with great care--taking her own time in order to be very efficient .

Even if a cat stays in a building, she will surely do this. If she does NOT do this , something is amiss. And then your antenna must be tuned--why not?

Check out the video below-- how the cat goes through them motions.




To solve a situation , you have to know the inherent behavior of the subjects involved.

Now let me talk about ze rat.

I will narrate a true incident which happened 32 years ago, when I was a Chief Officer  on a hectic tanker. The engineers had their own duty mess where they used to eat in their greasy boiler suits at odd hours. Well – Mickey mouse made a house there.

Actually it was a huge vicious looking and fearless bandicoot who would charge at you if you tried to corner him.  The Captain had a mini- crisis as the engineers refused to eat there till they saw the dead body of Mickey.  I really wonder if women fear rats more than HE men. 

Now Mickey was too large to enter a rat trap and sort of immune to the rat poison, we had on board .  So we held a meeting after a Abandon ship drill , and Captain , who was a big fan of my perception, put me in charge of a brainstorming session. We had the entire crew list of nearly 55 crew assembled on the bridge . 

All and sundry gave their suggestions, and I rejected them all.  The second engineers steward ( who was plain loco ) also gave his two pennies worth which made every body burst into derisive laughter. Actually this man was a big liability—but since he had a past track record of good service and a huge family for whom he was the sole bread winner, he was tolerated .

Now what was his suggestion?  He said--- take two buckets one red , one blue ( which made me wonder if the bandicoot had color vision ) half fill the red one with soap water— in the blue one put a piece of salted dried fish.

That was all—he looked confused and all were in splits , some even fell on the the floor among tears of pure unadulterated pleasure.

Before I terminated the brainstorming session I sort of made a judgement remark ( now –you MUST NOT deliver judgement or evaluate during or after a brainstorming session –as a matter of law ) . “ I am sure to find a drowned rat in the red bucket tomorrow morning “ . 

The sailors whose ideas I rejected were a bit pissed off.  They  asked me , how can you be so sure.  I relied “ I know rat behavior. To find a rat , if you don’t know his home, you have to find where the guy shat during the past week “ . 

That night I set up the buckets myself and locked and sealed the duty mess door.  Full night I could not sleep out of curiosity.  Finally after tossing and turning till 5 am I went to the duty mess with the Chief engineer and the master key–and sure enough the huge drowned bandicoot was floating in the red bucket. 

Chief Engineer kept repeating " This is unbelievable" . I guess the scenario unfolded as follows. 

Mickey smells the dried fish ( it is the best rat bait, ahead of cheese ) comes out to investigate – the smell is powerful enough to home into the blue bucket . Mickey jumps right in, eats ze fish, and gets his olfactory senses briefly overpowered.

Suddenly he remembers one more bucket holding a possible juicy treat. He dives right into the red bucket half filled with soap water and gets drowned.

Sherlock fu#kin’ Holmes—shut up!  Don’t ever think , you know it all.



Criminal investigation is all about picking up a lead- and then following it with determination to the logical end.  It always succeeds.


Let me tell you about a true incident which happened on my ship at Kingston anchorage, Jamaica. We were to go to dry dock and the paint store was full of ship side paint-- a fortune, as the orange ( 99.99% Sulphuric acid resistant ) paint is very expensive.

At 0630, My Jamaican Third Mate knocks on my door and tells me that the paint store is empty, and the lock is broken. This now meant our dry docking would be delayed and all commercial plans would go PHUT!.  And Capt Vadakayil would smell of s#it.

So I called up the agents and told them to come on my ship immediately, with the local police. Meanwhile I found that one of the drums was leaking slightly as there were drips on Orange paint till the area on the main deck where they lowered it into a boat .


As soon as the agent and the police came, I told them to take me to all the small boat berths in that area, starting off with the furthest and the least busiest, at that hour.  As we approached the first berth itself, I could see by binoculars a huge black guy sitting at the water edge and despondently trying to scrape off orange marks from his body. It will NOT come off unless you apply a specific thinner stripper.

Anyway we bush whacked him, and got him to confess , where the paints have been taken by a lorry. The paints were back on board within two hours.


Later the Third mate tells me " As soon as you left , the Jamaican crew were commenting,  that our Indian Captain has the brains to get all the paint back. And they were laying out wagers . Because all were terribly afraid of a brutal Jamaican police inquiry , which could mean losing their jobs , as an 'inside job' " . 

To be frank, I felt good.


The human mind has inherent weaknesses. It can be raped at will by people who know how to do it.

A quarter century ago, I had walked into a captains cabin to take over command of the ship.  The outgoing master was in animated conference with the bosun and the ships laundryman.  From the laundryman’s “ I don’t give a damn “ , body language I could see that he that he was on the warpath.

Both sailors were sent away and we settled down to the formal process of handing / taking over command. I could see that the outgoing captain could not harness his mind to the job—his mind was chattering . So I asked him, what transpired with the laundryman.

To cut a long story short, the laundryman had refused to do a particular job. He was right, and he had a point. For he was employed to wash stewards uniforms ( white tunics and pants ) – not civilian clothes. At the same time the stewards had a point, as they had won civilian clothes on duty due to water rationing at a long anchorage.

I told the captain “ you just call him back and I will make him agree to what he refused to do , just a few minutes ago— even if he was sacked or his knee caps were broken”.

I then took a A4 size paper and wrote down 10 questions , whose answers required the answer YES.  The last and 10th question would be “ are you willing to wash the clothes , you refused to wash” .

The captain was clean bowled.

Here was a guy telling that he could do the impossible. He wanted to see the questionnaire , and I gave it to him. All I wanted him to do was sit in the bedroom behind the curtains and hear the proceedings—to check if I followed the script.

So pretty soon the bosun and laundryman were called back.

I shot off the first question, after introducing myself as the new captain.

1)Are you the laundryman ?—YEEEAH!
2)Is you name Mr so and so? – YES
3)You have come to the ship to earn money for your family?—YES
4)You have refused to wash the stewards civilian clothes?—YES ( he started to give an explanation –I stopped him by raising my hand )
5)These civilian clothes were worn during water rationing –YES

6th to 9th is classified- XXXX

10th question:) SO WILL YOU WASH THE CLOTHES NOW , SO THAT I DON’T HAVE TO SEND YOU HOME –  “YES SIR!”

The average human mind is not programmed or intelligent enough  to open its doors wide and then suddenly slam shut.
  
If you can indeed slam it shut and give NO answer after 9 consecutive YES answers –then you are a super genius—like the legendary James Bond.

By the way if you put 3 of the best geniuses in the world along with 007 in the 4 corners of a room, tell them that there will be an explosion within 30 seconds—and they MUST find a way out of the room—we all know who will escape in a jiffy.



A liar can always be squeezed out of his comfort zone, where he starts giving the usual signs exhibited by a liar.


Let me give an example, which happened 3 decades ago-- on a container Cadet ship with 18 young cadets.

I was sleeping , we had sailed out of port. My wife woke me up and said a grim faced Chief Officer is standing at the door with the CC ( Cadet Captain ).

Thinking that this will be an emergency, I quickly wore my robe and called them into my day room.

It so transpired that the Cadet Captains music set was missing from his cabin. He had spent 3 months of wages to but that nice Sony set, and was distraught.

So I told Chief Officer to muster all the Cadets on the bridge at 0900 hrs, after breakfast . He was to break this news  just before breakfast. And then he had to keep vigilance using the First Officer as to which all cadets were having closed door meetings.

So pretty soon, Chief Officer rang me up and said all the Cadets are now on the bridge. I called him down and told him to make them stand in alphabetical order from left to right in a single line, in full uniform with peak cap . And he would have to watch their hands from behind. The hands in front I would watch.

Prettyy soon I went up on the bridge , in my dark Ray Ban shades , announced that this session is to catch the cadet who has thrown the music set of the Cadet leader overboard.  First I got all of them to say individually that they had nothing to do with it.

And then for the next 3 minutes I just stood in front of them, with my head not moving at all-- but my eyes scanning for the usual tell tale signs.

Suddenly I said " Cadet XXX fall out.  Pack your bags.  Your wages stop now.  You shall remain confined within your cabin, till the next port.  Your food will be served in your cabin.  All dismissed!".  

Then I went down to my cabin.

Chief Officer followed me to my cabin and said " That cadet whom you chose, does NOT get along with the Cadet Captain, and the OOW on the bridge was witness to a dispute between them while lashing containers prior departure port . His hands were behind his back tightly clenched while he stood in line "

Then he walked out and came back inside immediately. " The cadet is waiting outside in tears"

He came in and confessed and requested me fervently NOT to ruin his sea career.  And he promised to buy a new set to replace the one he threw overboard. 

So that matter died there, and I told Chief officer to let this confession , remain a secret.  Repentance is a good thing. You dont destroy a young budding career,  based on ONE single bad incident.


Now let me get to the nitty gritty of body language and fake behavior.

A guilty person gets defensive. An innocent person will often go on the offensive. 

This is why I told my wife about the Aarushi Talwar case, as soon as the incident happened.  A woman whose 14 year old daughter has been raped and murdered in cold blood is bound to be hysterical. 

You normally expect a parent whose child is missing ( not killed ) to be hysterical, begging for the police to get out there and find their baby.  If a parent seems detached and aloof, something is fishy , right?   

Punch into Google search THE RAPE OF THE SUBCONSCIOUS MIND- VADAKAYIL.



So what are the usual tell tale signs of a liar?

When words and body language are in conflict, ignore 'em words. And secret-- when women lie they always appear to be damn busy.

The liar always takes up less body space. He will avoid making eye contact.

If it is a cold day with less humidity he will touch his nose to dissipate the static build up caused by the blood rushing within the mobius coil inside his rib cage.  Bill Clinton touched his nose 88 times , during his Monika Lewisnky hearing.



Any display of emotion is delayed, stays longer it would naturally, then suddenly ceases.

The timing between face gestures and words gets out of sync.  Expressions are strictly limited to mouth movements when someone is faking emotions.

A liar is always uncomfortable facing his accuser.  A liar will use your words to make a answer to your question.  When asked, “Did you throw the music set overboard ?” The liar answers, “No, I did not throw the music set overboard”. 

The guilty person may speak more than natural, adding unnecessary filling details to convince you... for they are not comfortable with silence or pauses in the conversation. 

The guilty wants the subject changed; an innocent person may be confused by the sudden change in topics and will want to back to the previous subject.  

If you asked someone to "What was the ship side color of your previous ship"—he would look up to his right ( for a RH man ) to recollect a true image . If he was to lie and fake it he would look up to his left, for visually constructing an image.

A liar uses humor or sarcasm to avoid a subject .  A change in the pitch of a person's tone, or a lot of stammering, or throat clearing could indicate a lie.  He may  becoming pale and blink more.

A liar contradicts himself, when you ask him the same question after a while. He will use emotional blackmail and make you believe that he is a trampled upon underdog, in a soap opera.  Your tendency then would be to take his side. A liar would manipulate and say everything to make you dance to his tune.

He will creates smokescreens, or even coercion  by raising his voice.  A liar tends to breathe faster, displaying a series of short breaths followed by one deep breath. The mouth may appear dry, causing hajaar throat clearing.

People tend to sweat more when they lie. A honest answer comes quickly from memory. Lies require a quick mental review of what they have told others to avoid inconsistency and to make up new details as needed. 

Ask the person to tell the story backwards. This is very hard to do, especially when requiring no loss of the details. Even a professional spy can find this reversal of approach a hard one to tackle effectively.

You may hear the phrase ‘to be honest’ more often than not.  

When someone is comfortable with you while answering your questions, he will move to comfortable positions, eg. tilting their head to one side or the other.  When suddenly asked a question that they are forced to lie about, he will straighten or stiffen up, no longer tilting their head.. 


You can always pick them out when they do something they don’t normally do.  Women covering the neck dimple , this is about centering themselves.

When people lie, they tend to keep their body very still. There will be lack of emphasis. When we speak, we naturally give emphasis both verbally and non-verbally to what we say. Hand gestures, inflections, and head movements accentuate our words.  

When our unconscious brain ( right hand brain lobe ) doesn’t back up what we’re saying, those emphasizing gestures will not be present.  An innocent person accused of murder will probably pound their fist and yell, “I didn’t do it!” You probably won’t see that with a person who actually committed the crime .

Liars tend to place their hands very firmly on the chair rest as if they are holding on to these objects to save their lives.  This is essentially a way of de-stressing the body that is reacting to the growing anxiety within them.

Lying need not be outright. It can assume various shady avatars. They can omit relevant information, which poses less risk, as it does not  involve inventing any cock and bull stories. It is passive deception and less guilt is involved. Or they can be in denial by just refusing to acknowledge a truth.  

Or they could minimize, by reducing the effects of a mistake, a fault, or a judgment call. Or it could be exaggeration, falsely representing as greater, better, more experienced, more successful.  Or it could be lying by exclusion, by which he tells the truth but deliberately leaves out certain critical details--like Bill Clinton of Monika Lewsinsky fame, 

Or it could be a misleading lie , where in he does not tell an out-and-out lie, but still has the deceptive purpose of making someone believe in a falsehood. A good example of such a lie would be a car driver  who accidentally scratches your car, but he says  "the neighbour's kids were playing by the car."  The neighbour's kids, in truth, were playing by the car but they were not the cause of the scratches on the car.


For example, if a teenager goes to his first class and then skips the rest of his school day. When asked by his parent "Did you skip school today?" The teenager can plainly say "I was at school today," without actually lying, since he was at school, while omitting the fact that he was not at school for the entire day. 

There will be a lack of assertiveness. His tone of voice will be lower and he will appear to be less confident. He will speak as he has to make up events as he talks. This usually results in slower talking speed or in stopping many times while talking in order to find what to say.

Picking Imaginary lint, crossing arms across chest, putting hands in pocket are all signs of lying or it could be disagreement . 

Some liars sometimes avoid "lying" by not making direct statements. They imply answers instead of denying something directly.

Finally you have to use your perception and listen to your gut and intuition.  If you are not sure, don't jump to conclusions.

Intuitive decisions are NOT guesswork . Intuition is a sudden and inexplicable knowing. The divining power of intuition comes from our inner self. It arises from very rapid processing of bits of information that are stored in our subconscious. 

Intuition thinks in terms of metaphor, feelings, pictures, and the spatial whole and doesn't fit neatly into the cause-and-effect model. Intuition is a ability to cut through the thickness of surface reality . Your sub-conscious which operates a dozen times faster than your conscious mind has picked up on signals that your conscious mind has not yet processed. 

We function through partial information, and intuition gives us an overview, a whole sense of things Intuition is fast, based on pattern matching. Intuition gone wild becomes “jumping to conclusions” 

So what exactly is intuition? It is the messages from your unconscious mind making contact with your consciousness. . 


Gut feeling is the uncanny ability to detect patterns in the world around us, and to extrapolate larger truths .



The Pope in the Middle Ages approved using boiling water to detect liars as it was believed honest men would withstand it better than liars.

The polygraph was invented in 1921 by John Augustus Larson, a medical student at the University of California at Berkeley . Lie detectors are NOT admissible in court, because they are not perfect. One of the most prolific serial killers in U.S. history passed the polygraph and killed again. Refusal to submit to a polygraph is generally not admissible in court, and polygraphs themselves are always inadmissible.



The polygraph pens don't do a special dance when a person lies. The polygrapher scores the test by comparing physiological responses (breathing, blood pressure, heart, and perspiration rates) to a calibrated base. If no difference is found between relevant and control questions, the test result is considered "inconclusive."

You can defeat a polygraph by sneaking a tack in your shoe or puckering your a$$hole sphincter muscles. When the interviewer asks you a control question, like "Is your name Mr Bumpkin " sharply press on the tack with your toe. The pain response will throw off all the sensors looking for changes in heartbeat and breath. The only way you can tell if he's lying is to wait for him to screw up. Liars always do.

On May 5, 2010, The Supreme Court of India declared use of narcoanalysis, brain mapping and polygraph tests on suspects as illegal and against the constitution. Article 20(3) of the Indian Constitution-"No person accused of any offence shall be compelled to be a witness against himself." Polygraph tests are still legal if the defendant requests one.

You could tickle the upper palate using the tip of your tongue when you give a honest answer to screw the polygraph machine. Or you could do mental arithmetic, thinking exciting sexual orgy thoughts, altering your breathing pattern, or simply biting the side of the tongue. Develop a breathing strategy. Solve a quadratic equation in your head during control questions.

Modern polygraphs will also record things like arm and leg movement. They will also have soft seats to checkmate you from puckering your a$$hole. They could make you remove your shoes and throw the tack out.  Skin conductivity (called the galvanic skin or electrodermal response) is measured through electrodes attached to a subject's fingertips.



The job of polygraphers is to extract confessions, and in one way, the whole examination is a complex ruse to trick you into confessing something.  The polygrapher will most likely try to convince you that he she can “see” a lie in your polygraph, even if there’s nothing abnormal there. Don’t fall for this bait.

If your polygraph is part of a criminal investigation, you have a right to refuse , and you should refuse, even if you are innocent, because of the possibilities of a “false positive.” 


If I had my way, I would ban every lawyer from becoming a Minister.  Most of the criminals have good qualities like “namak halal “ ( gratitude ) and being “wajan ka pakka” ( honour a promise ).   How many of you feel that lawyers are NOT ungrateful,  pathological liars?

What is a WHITE LIE?   It is a lie told, to protect others. You see, the white men have made sure everything white is good and everything black is bad.  So you can wear a white coat and walk in anywhere. Nobody will stop you. 


Even laughing at a joke which is NOT funny, just to please somebody is a lie.  Thanking a person when there is nothing to thank him for is a lie. 

Dom Arigato Gozaimasu.

So are you a liar?
********************************************************************
KLEPTOCRACY IN INDIA, LOBBYING , PIMPING , BRIBING , CRONY CAPITALISM - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



PARTY WHIP TO SUPPORT FDI IN MULTI BRAND RETAIL ,  INSTITUTIONALIZED CORRUPTION IN INDIA ,  QUID PRO QUO ,  NIRA RADIA TAPES , WINNER TAKES IT ALL ECONOMY ,  BLACK MONEY KICKBACK FOREIGN ACCOUNTS , PROSTITUTION IN MEDIA , PAID NEWS , WHISTLE BLOWERS -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





The Radia tapes controversy relates to various telephonic conversations involving Nira Radia, a political lobbyist, taped by the Indian Income Tax Department in 2008–09.  There are more tapes which will come out when Congress loses the 2014 elections. 

Fortunately we have a “patriot core group” in all our government agencies who are more loyal to the motherland that to a human being on a throne.  

The corrupt ministers who have stashed away their "lobby" loot abroad, will have soon cancelled passports.  

This "core group" will also keep an eye on the various foreign bosses who flow in with the "IT out sourced" jobs.  Some of them are professionals , trained to do subversive activities.



Above: 1977--  The big fall , retribution, for abuse of power -- the Queen Bee of those times , Indira Gandhi  arrested .  But Indira Gandhi was a patriot,  and did NOT sell her own country to Rothschild ( the owners of British East india Company who enslaved India ) , who is now back with full force .

After all,  a thief on a throne is still a thief.

The tapes led to accusations of misconduct on many of these people. Nira Radia used to run a public relations firm named Vaishnavi Communications, whose clients include the Tata Teleservices and Mukesh Ambani’s Reliance Industries.

Radia's phone lines for 300 days in 2008–2009 for  investigations into money laundering, restricted financial practices, and tax evasion.

The complete blackout of the Nira Radia tapes by the entire broadcast media and most of the major English newspapers tells it all. 



The ‘Radia tapes’ has torn the veil off the nexus between information hungry journalists, lobbyists and industrialists, and opened everyone’s eyes to the gruesome ability of a small but powerful group to use their connections to influence Indian national policy , with NIL concerns for our nation's interests.

In the recorded conversations between Nira Radia and prominent figures, referred to as the Radia Tapes, several kingpins are heard in tete e tete conversation with Radia.

Politicians
A. Raja, Telecom minister at that time
Kanimozhi, Rajya Sabha MP, DMK
Achari

Businessmen
Ratan Tata
Mukesh Ambani

Journalists
Barkha Dutt, NDTV
M.K. Venu, senior business journalist
Prabhu Chawla,editor of India Today magazine
Rajdeep Sardesai CNN IBN
Shankar Aiyar, then with India Today Group
Vir Sanghvi, HT advisory editorial director

Industry Heads
Tarun Das, former CII head

Others
Ranjan Bhattacharya, (foster son-in-law of former prime minister Atal Behari Vajpayee)
Suhel Seth, Brand Manager who pops up on foreign funded TV channels as an expert.
Balaji M.S ,Lobbyist from Bangalore involved in Madhu Koda Scam.


What does the quintessential lobbyist ( like Nira Radia)  do?



A lobbyist tries to influence political opinion to his or her benefit.  Lobbyists traditionally were considered "information givers," usually in support of their cause to swing legislation and government agencies in their favor.  Lobbyists are  individuals  paid well by sections of industry to influence the movers and shakers at the corridors of power.  


Lobbying is legal bribing and getting away with it. Lobbying is NOT just talking with politicians to try to convince them. Hardly any Indian politician will be swayed by sweet talk and charm. Lobby groups try to convince politicians with money and goodies —we are NOT talking about small things like gay rights lobbying here.

In 2012, around 4.3 Billion USD will be spent for lobbying in USA. Increasingly, lobbyists are ensuring contributions are made to influence decision makers at all stages. 

Lobbyists systematically build up support for their causes. They often have previous government officials joining their ranks, leveraging their understanding of how the government machine works , and who all have hand in glove personal chemistry -- and who all are in "cobra and mongoose" relationship .

Below-- India against Corruption ( IAC ) expose.























Above are just a few minutes of the 180 HOURS of "lobbying" conversations of Nira Radia -- 

Oh Boy this motor mouth could talk for ever-- and she held lovely lavish parties at her farm house -- the guest list is with CBI.  .

The Radia tapes have exposed the way corporate do lobbying to even fix the appointment of Ministers so that they could reap the fruits of dictated and manipulated government policies. These tapes have also exposed how the ministers and bureaucrats function as cronies of the corporate sector and influence the actions and policies of the government in their interest.

Above video clips of Nira Radia's taped conversations provide the Indian public a sneak preview as to how PR consultants and corporate lobbyists orchestrate deals when it comes to nexus between mainstream news reporting and government officials. 

We would have never got this if it was not leaked.  The political parties are always on look out for funds to fuel their coffers and to buy MPs to form a majority alliance – or to win a no trust confidence motion in the parliament etc.

These donations are nothing but a ‘bribe’ on the consideration that corporate pays only for the undue `favours' it receives or MUST receive from a political party.  No under the table donation is free —this is just the small fish at the fish hook which will catch the big fish.

The Radia episode shows that  the real power centre in democracy under capitalist system exists outside the formal and legal structures of the State, while the elected organs are rendered more and more toothless and corrupted by the money, with each passing day.  


Nira Radia with her bull dog scowls was instrumental in ensuring a cabinet berth for the DMK’s A. Raja when the ministerial portfolios for UPA’s second term were being decided. She lobbied with the Congress leadership to get him the telecom portfolio—against the other contender, the DMK’s Dayanidhi Maran.  Radia baby has obviously made enemies among some of India’s top industrialists, who blew the whistle.




                                   Above Rotshchild with our PM


It was obvious that Tata Group head Ratan Tata had allegedly put his weight behind Raja and wanted Maran out of the scene at any cost.  Ratane had in a handwritten letter to Tamil Nadu CM M. Karunanidhi in December 2007 reportedly praised Raja’s “rational, fair and action-oriented” leadership. To put the corporate battle in perspective, Airtel’s Sunil Mittal ( Walmart’s Indian godfather ) was unhappy with Raja babu in the seat. 


CBI says that this woman had the latest state of the art Israeli anti-surveillance gizmos running on the telephones used by her and her close aides  at Vaishnavi Corporate Communications  and its sister organisations like Vitcom, Neucomp, and Neosys.





                                     Above Rothschild with Tata.
The IT investigations revealed that apart from managing the telecom licences for builder Unitech, among others, Radia also handled and facilitated cross-border transfer of funds. Intercepted conversations between Radia and the allottees of the new telecom licences suggest that she was a key adviser in staggering the inflow of funds from outside India so that no impression could be created that there was a windfall gain to the companies.

The Nira Radia tapes establish her links with an IAS officer based in Rajasthan and used by Radia to gain access to his batchmates in various ministries.  The conversations are a part of the CBI notes to the Supreme Court.  See her devious ways-- how many of you slack guys could wrangle this?

Once A Raja became a minister  A Raja and corporate lobbyist Niira Radia joined hands to bend rules, defy recommendations of the regulator and the Ministry of Finance to allot licences in 15 telecom circles to Swan Telecom,  Unitech Wireless,  Datacom and Aircel, according to  telephone intercepts.

UPA government has NIL inner party democracy, to facilitate this loot.  Queen bee and her “not so bright” son decides everything.  There was a time when Italian Quatrocchi could barge in and shout at the babus in the Finance and Defence ministries, just because Queen Bee is also Italian. The babus used to stand up because of fright, while he shouted at them.  He used to have minutes of confidential notings , as if to show that he was in the inner cotiere.



                   Above Rothchild with Sunil Mittal ( Walmart Bharti ) 

Now we have the shady Italian Augusta helicopter deal.  This will explode soon enough. I have dealt with Italians enough to know how they do business. 

We Indians now get the sneaky feelin’ that we are NOT a ‘Democracy’ but a well run ‘Kleptocracy’ i.e. a system of non-governance characterized by injustice, rampant greed and corruption. A state where bribery has become a way of life is a kleptocracy.


Kleptocracy is a Greek-derived term.  It means “rule by thieves”. In our case the Queen bee is a foreigner with 100% foreign DNA.  It is used for an establishment that takes the advantage of the rampant corruption in government echelons to increase the personal wealth and political power of the government officials and the ruling class through the embezzlement of government funds at the expense of the wider populace, sometimes without even the pretense of honest service.

Once democracy yields to kleptocracy, good governance is given a silent burial. The vacuum thus created is filled by a vicious nexus among politicians, bureaucrats and the corporate who companioning together change the laws of the land to serve their respective interests.

Over a course of time, the corporate interests take over the other interests and corporate start dictating terms to the politicians and the bureaucrats. For this they take recourse to greasing their palm or taking the help of lobbyists who, acting on behalf of corporates, influence the policy decisions of the governments, even trying to influence the appointment of ministers to the ministries which are of particular interests to them. Revelations by Neera Radia tapes are clear pointers to this direction. 

All over the world over, illegal, underhand donations to political parties have been considered a major cause of corruption in public life. 



                Comrades in arms!

Crony capitalism is a term describing an economy in which success in business depends on close relationships between business people and government officials.  

It may be exhibited by favoritism in the distribution of legal permits, government grants, special tax breaks, or other forms of dirigisme.

Dirigisme is an economy in which a corrupt government whose politicians have been bought by bribes, exerts strong directive influence. The Party Chief issues a WHIP, that every MP must vote for FDI in multi-brand retail, so that-- say—  Zionist Walmart can come into the country. 

It designates a mainly capitalist economy with strong directive, as opposed to merely regulatory, economic participation by the state.

Digression: India has just become free after 800 years of slavery. These huge foreign corporates , as soon as they secure a toe hold , puts all important Indian power brokers in their pay rolls and then they run the government by remote control. The wealth of the country now gets siphoned out.



Crony capitalism arises when political cronyism spills over into the business world. Self-serving friendships and family ties between businessmen and the government influence the economy and society to the extent that it corrupts public-serving economic and political ideals.

They convert our MPs and Ministers into desh-drohis and Judases with few pieces of silver. If wealth cant buy them – it will be muscle,  blackmail using honey traps or even assassination. Once you take a bribe, there is no way out.


Black money refers to funds earned on the black market, on which income and other taxes has not been paid. Bribing is giving someone some sort of compensation in exchange for favorable treatment.  Bribery is an act of giving money or gift giving that alters the behavior of the recipient. Bribery constitutes a crime. 

Bribery involves offering, giving, receiving, or soliciting of any item of value to influence the actions of an official or other person in charge of a public or legal duty. A bribe is a gift bestowed to influence the recipient's conduct. It may be any money, good, right in action, property, preferment, privilege, emolument, object of value, advantage, or merely a promise or undertaking to induce or influence the action, vote, or influence of a person in an official or public capacity.



Lawyer and member of IAC Prashant Bhushan said a few days ago , “Crony capitalists are greasing the palms of UPA politicians. 

Crony capitalism can devolve into simple corruption, where any pretense of a free market is dispensed with. Bribes to government officials are considered de rigueur and tax evasion is common. This is sometimes called plutocracy (rule by wealth) or kleptocracy (rule by theft).  

Crony capitalism is the inevitable result of any capitalist system. Since big businesses make big money and money leads to political power, business will inevitably use their power to influence governments. The recent Occupy Wall Street movement was all about common man wanting an end to the influence of the super wealthy in the political process, which is manifestation of crony capitalism.

Let me list a few scams in our Italian Queen bee's recent rule . Cant put the whole thing as it will be too much. 

Did anybody ever say that India is a poor country.  With our scam money alone ( stashed away abroad ) we can buy out oil rich middle east countries..



Note: THE MOTHER OF ALL SCAMS (THE THORIUM SCAM ) is still to be exhumed. The year 2012 is still incomplete.

1 Billion is 1000 million USD.  1 USD is 55 Rupees.

Proforma: Title of scam/ year / amount in Indian rupees/ Amount in USD

Indian coal mining controversy- 2012-  185,591.34 crore (US$ 35.08 billion)  

Karnataka Wakf Board Land Scam-2012-  200,000 crore (US$ 37.8 billion)   
     
Uttar Pradesh NRHM scam-  2012-   10,000 crore  (US$ 1.89 billion)     
    
2G spectrum scam-     2010-   176,000 crore  (US$ 33.26 billion)      

Uttar Pradesh food grain scam-     2003-   35,000 crore (US$ 6.62 billion)     
     
DIAL Scam – 2012-- Central government lost 166,972.35 crore (US$ 31.56 billion) 

ISRO's S-band scam ( ISRO-Devas deal,) – 2012-- 200,000 crore (US$ 37.8 billion) 

Arunachal Pradesh PDS scam – 2012-- 1,000 crore (US$ 189 million)

Bihar fodder scam – 2012--  950 crore (US$179.55 million

Commonwealth Games scam – 2012-- 70,000 crore (US$ 13.23 billion)

Granite scam in Tamil Nadu – 2012-- Loss of about 16,000 crore (US$ 3.02 billion)

Maharashtra Irrigation Scam – 2012-- Loss of about 72,000 crore (US$ 13.61 billion)

Ultra Mega Power Projects Scam – 2012--  29,033 crore (US$ 5.49 billion) 

Andhra Pradesh land scam – 2012-- 100,000 crore (US$ 18.9 billion)

Forex derivates scam – 2012-- 32,000 crore (US$ 6.05 billion)

Service Tax and Central Excise Duty fraud – 2012-- 19,159 crore (US$ 3.62 billion) 

Gujarat PSU financial irregularities – 2012-- 17,000 crore (US$ 3.21 billion)

Maharashtra stamp duty scam – 2012-- 640 crore (US$ 120.96 million)

Uttar Pradesh stamp duty scam – 2012- 1,200 crore (US$ 226.8 million)

Tatra scam – 2011- 750 crore (US$141.75 million)

NTRO scam – 2011- 800 crore (US$151.2 million)

Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike scam – 2011- 3,207 crore (US$606.12 million)

Orissa pulse scam – 2011- 700 crore (US$132.3 million)

Kerala investment scam-2011-  - 1,000 crore (US$189 million)

Mumbai Sales Tax fraud – 2011- 1,000 crore (US$189 million)

Maharashtra education scam – 2011- 1,000 crore (US$189 million)

Andhra Pradesh Emmar scam – 2010- 2,500 crore (US$472.5 million)

Rice export scam – 2009-- 2,500 crore (US$472.5 million)

Orissa mining scam -2009--   7,000 crore (US$ 1.32 billion)

Austral Coke scam – 2009-- 1,000 crore (US$189 million)

Army ration pilferage scam – 2008-- 5,000 crore (US$945 million)

Paazee Forex scam – 2008-- 800 crore (US$151.2 million)

Punjab city centre project scam – 2006-- 1,500 crore (US$283.5 million)

Taj Co-operative Group Housing Scheme scam – 2005- 4,000 crore (US$756 million)



If India can get back the 2.5 trillion USD of black money stashed away abroad, ( this includes the wealth of our ex-Maharajas ) we will be the world's No 1 economy.  

It must be noted that Rothschild's money is Tipu Sultan's money (1799 -Nathan Rothschild's banking base ) -- a small Muslim King of India, who stole the gold from Kerala temple underground vaults.

Mining group Vedanta Resources has paid USD 5.69 million (about Rs.28 crore) to Indian politicians in the last three years, as per their own published reports. 


Vedanta, which has emerged as a mining and natural resources giant in last one decade, had reported revenues of over $14 billion during the last fiscal.

Without disclosing the beneficiaries, Vedanta in its annual report for 2011-12 stated that it paid USD 2.01 million to Indian politicians in 2011-12. This donation was, however, lower than USD 3.66 million it had paid in 2009-10 when last general elections were held in the country.  

This is just ONE single foreign company and that too only what they admit.  You can guess how much companies like Walmart,  Monsanto , Starbucks Dell Inc, Morgan Stanley, Xerox, Cargill Inc, Aerospace Industries Association of America , Insurance companies, US Chamber of Commerce etc have ACTUALLY paid up to open shop in India.

"Tata Sons Electoral Trust was the first body set up by a business conglomerate in the country to formalise the process of donating money to the political parties,  the way their past opium drug running masters ( Opium trade from Bombay to China ) does it in USA. This Trust was in news immediately after the elections when Union railway minister Mamata Banerjee declined a cheque of over Rs.27 lakh from the Trust.

In 2003, India enacted a new law that made private donations to political parties easier.  This law allows contributions by private companies to political parties to a maximum limit of 5% of their profits.  

It also makes it mandatory for contributions to be made by cheque and requires that parties audit their annual accounts and maintain a list of donors who give in excess of Rs20,000 and submit this to the Election Commission. 

But then does the EC have the breakup of what Vedanta paid?  Where is the transparency?  Why is this NOT made transparent on the EC web site?





Wal-Mart Stores, has “conceded” that they have spent nearly USD 1.5 million on lobbying in the last quarter ended June 30, 2012 on various issues, including matters "related to FDI in India." . How much they have not conceded? Your guess is as good as mine.


Walmart “officially” spent Rs 52-crore in two years for lobbying alone, to get a toe hold in Mexico ( recent New York Times exposure ) and now they control the Mexican retail market.  If Wal-mart could bribe its way in Mexico, what makes our Italian waitress turned empress  think (and her pseudo Hindu side kicks Anand Sharma and Ambika Soni ),  she can convince Indians,  they came to India on invitation alone?

Dow Chemicals had "Trans Pacific Partnership Market Access - India" as one of its lobbying issues in the last quarter, when it spent more than USD 3.6 million on various lobby issues.

Financial services giant Prudential Financial Inc has spent nearly USD four million so far in 2012 on various lobbying matters, including those "relating to India financial services market access and equity ownership issues".

Now why do politicians in power get payoffs from powerful foreign corporations, organizations or individuals?  Pray?  Is it because they have such large kind hearts?  Sorry, it is only out of selfishness.  It is in return for making choices in the interests of those parties, or in anticipation of favorable policy. 


India has emerged as one of the fastest-growing economies in the world, and a host of the companies from across the world, including from the US, are seeking to enter this market or further expand their business here. Despite a global economic slowdown, and Rothschild controlled rating agencies giving bullshit percentages for growth , countries like India and China have managed respectable growth rates.

Bribery is the first step towards subversion of the system. Slowly but steadily, a parallel system is formed. This results in an unfair advantage for the bribe giver. Over time, the system erodes the economic foundation of the country, hurting the most vulnerable members of the society and filling the middle class with a sense of hopelessness and cynicism. Corruption is seen as endemic and at the heart of the systemic failure in some countries.

We just saw the election results in USA.

In USA since lobbying is legal, lobbyists are required to register with the Secretary of the Senate and the Clerk of the House. Furthermore, lobbyists must file disclosures of their lobbying activity according to the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995. No such formalities are required of bribe givers or takers.

Bribery is considered illegal, while lobbying is not.  Bribery is considered a sale of power.  However, lobbying is considered an influence of political power by offering contributions that affect political outcomes. You have to be a stupid person to believe that both are different. You gift wrap s#it, it is still s#it--it does NOT become chocolate.

US Senators also aggressively seek contributions for their campaigns and often request lobbyists to arrange for fundraisers. It is a symbiotic relationship. This is true of the bribe taker and bribe giver relationship as well.  Lobbying is a multi-billion dollar business in America that funds and influences elections campaigns and the actual brain behind laws and regulations written and legislated in the US Congress. 



The business is so lucrative in USA, that experts believe more than 120,000 people are involved in what growing number of Americans view as illegitimate practice of buying political influence. A top-notch lobbyist, for instance, can make millions in annual income. There are 26,000 corporate lobbyists in Washington, DC, whose sole function is to bribe congressmen - give them millions of dollars, to get their way.  

In every case , this activity is detrimental to US citizens. All US congressmen are rich. You don't become a congressman unless you are rich. USA is a country of the rich, is controlled by the rich, for the rich.

Although it is illegal in the United States for members of Congress to cast legislative vote in exchange for election campaign contributions, yet lobbyists conveniently manage to skirt the system.

Virtually all Washington lobbyists pass out campaign contributions among candidates for elective office from both dominant political parties Republican and Democratic, and those campaign donations always take place behind closed doors. 


The system makes sure that the rich contributors get bailed out while everyone else keeps sinking further into debt.



In the US till recently, there was a limit to the amount of money corporations could spend to influence politicians. But the US Supreme Court in a shocking decision said that money was equal to speech and that freedom of speech meant that there could be no limit to how much money could be used to buy a politician’s support!  

So this is what George Orwell said in 1984— all are equal, but some are more equal than others. So now a rich person has more freedom of speech than a poor one.

But why should we Indians bitch? Our private medical colleges churn out substandard doctors who have paid 85 lakhs donation to get into the college, right? The intelligent students who could not get a seat , drive auto rickshaws to survive. 

Whither merit?

At this stage my foreign readers must know that our Rothschild trained and handpicked Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his side kick Montek Singh Ahluwalia, has pegged India's poverty line at a king's ransom of-- hold your breath --  28 rupees -- 

which is  51 FU#KIN' CENTS. 


This much is not even enough to peep into a Starbucks coffee shop,  and then our women can go for a nice crap on the railway tracks, having stimulated their bowels.

Walmart says they will reduce wastage of veggies and fruits by refrigeration.  So who will pay for the electricity these refrigeration compressors consume?  




The diplomatic cables leaked by Wikileaks, shed light on how Jew Hillary Clinton, who has served on the board of Jewish Walmart, which is an Arkansas headquartered company (Bill Clinton is a former governor of Arkansas), had been very interested in knowing what was the position of Commerce Minister Anand Sharma on Multi-brand retail.

The milkman of India, late Dr Verghese Kurien, had shown us OUR way. The cooperative dairy structure,  led to the evolution of the precious Amul brand.  If he could do it for milk, which is eminently perishable, there is no reason why it can’t be replicated in fruits, vegetables and other agricultural commodities.  

From a milk importer, India has now become the world’s biggest producer of milk. It is therefore obvious that solutions to the plethora of problems on Indian farms does not lie in the west, but in our own backyard. We need to look inwards. 

We can place our Indian flag on the moon ( 2 years ago ), we can send nuclear missiles to England and Japan –but when it comes to storing veggies we fall flat on our faces ,  right, “lobbied up Queen bee” ?

Meanwhile , punch into Google search , what these multi nationals are up to.

WALMART IS NOT GOOD FOR INDIA- VADAKAYIL

and 

MONSANTO AND FARMER SUICIDES IN INDIA- VADAKAYIL



Our 2014 Indian elections will be totally  bankrolled by the foreign corporations who have ”lobbied” and got a toe hold for themselves in UPA’s regime. They will be desperate  to defend their markets and further their interests- considering how IBM and Coke were driven away in 1977 after the fall of Indira Gandhi.  IBM’s loss was WIPRO’s and Azim Premji’s gain.  Anyway IBM has "lobbied" and  is now back with full force .

Right now we need a mechanism in India to bring accountability and transparency to lobbying and publicly reveal the lobbying positions of companies and the money spent on it. This must show up on the EC web site. The secretive deals on spectrum allocation in the telecom sector are fine example of lobbying without any pretence to accountability or even fear of criminal law. 

The power, mining, environment , airline, oil and gas sectors have also been hotbeds of intense lobbying in India.  If you steal a slice of bread for your hungry child you are a criminal -- this is the state of India now..


Now, in the army , these shady  multinationals are “lobbying” retired Generals and  retired Defence ministry Indian bureaucrats to do the dirty “middle man “ job of passing on the bribes as carrier pigeons . They use the connections and relations of these retired officials , with former junior colleagues to clinch the issue.  

Ex-bureaucrats are now playing a major role for their corporate bosses in crucial infrastructure sectors like telecom, power, roads and ports where large-scale deregulation has taken place. This type of thing must have a severe jail sentence , including seizing of all private assets of these Judases.


Slowly new fertile grounds such as banking, insurance and coal mining opening up, the flow of former bureaucrats will certainly increase. There must be hidden cameras to find out what these retired people are doing in their old offices. 

How does a foreign funded TV channel like Times Now TV ( Arnab Goswami ) get hold of sensitive government bid documents. Why do we allow Arnab to boast out his connections and take this as a big joke?  Or do we need to shut the TV channel down till he owns up as to who leaked these sensitive documents ?-- or maybe even put him in the cooler?

 


There is no more independent journalism on regular Zionist monopolized mainstream media. You don't get published unless you espouse the corporate line.  If you don’t toe the corporate line , the foreign money bag who funds the media, will you get fired. 

Investigative journalism" no longer exists—and if it does exist it is slanted to favor somebody who has “lobbied” .  Truth can only be found on the Internet, and you must look hard to find it.  Indians will do well to spot these double faced , desh drohi, media anchors and journalists.

Recently the  managing director of General Insurance Corporation left the organization to join multinational ING Insurance. Steel baron Laxmi Mittal has hired many top ranking employees from SAIL for ISPAT’s commercial marketing operations.  This includes the  former SAIL chairman, and its executive director .


IAS officers  retiring from Ministry of Defence, join private companies.  A retiring finance secretary was picked up by Hyundai India for a whopping salary . The principal secretary to late Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi had joined Zionist bank ANZ Grindlays after retirement.  

Several retired IAS officers from sensitive ministries , opened up consultancy services for multinationals and they are now rolling in money. They have foreign kickback accounts and are doing foreign trips.  Is there no law to prevent all this?.  

Gen Thimmayya had resigned before th 1962 war, and the next thing we know is that he has been employed by Rothschild to preserve Israel’s interests in  Cyprus , at a handsome salary.  Is there anything in Lokpal to put some checks and stoppers, in sensitive ministries?  

How come there is no “cooling period” after the date of voluntary retirement of babus from sensitive ministries?  Why has Gen VK Singh jumped into Anna’s band wagon, so fast , affecting the armed forces morale?   

It is much easier to subvert the system using retired bureaucrats. Most of our angoota chap criminal ministers don’t even know if they are coming or going.  In any case ministries are given for loyalty to Queen bee and her "not so bright" son.  

Minister for Law, Salman Khurshid said " I will give up my life for the High Command" after he got caught with his pants down by IAC -- and then hey presto he gets kicked upstairs to MEA.

“It’s a complicated system, almost like a parallel government with its own rules, structures. People are fixed, punished, rewarded,” admits a lobbyist shadow warrior. “But that’s how it is.”  Lobbyists are no longer in the shadows, they have become public figures, dining and wining and rubbing shoulders with the powers-that-be.  They get invites to Western embassy Christmas cocktails and dinners.


Journalist Vir Sanghvi was even showing off on good times TV,  his personal branded shoes and leather brief case—when we all know his take home salary.  Poor guy at least apologized after the Nira Radia episode, unlike NDTV's Barkha Dutt who went on a vicious counter offensive.  Attack is the best form of defence , even when you get caught with your pants down, right?

Protecting investment climate has become a ploy for dishing out selective and holy cow treatment to rich corporates that might be detrimental to India's national interest and security.  

Ratan Tata’s offered to clean up the Bhopal gas tragedy site, contingent on Dow Chemicals being let off its liability for Union Carbide in India.  Why is his interest in all this?  We still haven’t learned how to attract investment with national interest in mind, and without going back to slavery  .





Can you imagine— even Mother Teresa lobbied vigorously for UCC chairman Anderson .  Dow has paid for UC liabilities in the US—but not in India.  Poor Sonia , she does NOT dare to lobby for the Italian Marines, as the dead fishermen are Christians and she does NOT want to lose the Christian vote in Kerala.


Now punch into Google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA- VADAKAYIL.



If you look at it objectively Nira Radia is not even 1 millionth , as bad as this Vatican poster girl -  nay-- super saint.


A businessman dealing in chemicals wrote to the Indian Govt that holding Dow responsible would jeopardize their promised investments. This twit - nay turd, does NOT understand that when you take over a company, you take over both assets and liabilities.


Rolling out the red carpet is fine but rolling over with your ass hiked up , and playing slave is not.  If DOW does not want to do business with a huge country like India, who loses?  

India is a projected no 1 superpower in a few decades. We are a nation with a critical and strategic landmass , populated with intelligent people , where ALL companies want to invest money. We have to deal with foreign corporations from a point of strength. There is NO need to attract investment by scuttling the nation.


There are  too many businessmen who have “lobbied” with the Govt and hence they think they can call the shots too in a slimy manner. These selfish Shylocks don’t care for the country. 

Of course, business and entrepreneurship is good for India and the government should help the business community-- but NOT at the expense of going back to slavery by becoming a banana republic. 

The multi-nationals can come to India to do business. We Indians will NOT allow them to "lobby"  ( buy our minsters) and rule our country by remote control , and siphon off our nation's wealth. 

Government's priority in policy should be the countrys' and  citizens’ interest. It can’t be the other way around.  

When Narendra Modi was denied UK and USA visa, he declared “ Very soon they will come on their knees begging for Gujarat visa” .  Does it ring a bell?

Vasco Da Gama when he came to my hometown in Calicut ( 1498) was on his knees in front of our King Zamorin. 


They they became masters and left India only in 1961, when Nehru threw them out.




Why do we allow all these foreign funded TV channels to dole out annual awards? These are sham awards for quid pro quo deals.  Any award given with large amounts of cash must be construed as bribery.  

They are worse than the dozens of filmy awards , we see with Amitabh Bachchan and his son ( flop star ) sitting in the front row. They must be having a room full of trophies at home, still they are greedy for more sham awards.

The government had been celebrating a bullshit growth rate— till the Rothschild rating agencies twisted its arm for NOT allowing FDI in multi-brand retail.   And then the "lobbied up" UPA govt pretended to go faint.   These percentages are decided by a  vulgar pseudo economic model whose inside story is about robber barons and crony capitalism.  

UPA govt knows that they will be decimated in the 2014 elections. It is now the right time to loop this money back into India by benami names for investing in national assets, before they lose power. Who knows their passports might be cancelled , and they will be chakki peesing in Tihar jail soon..  Punch into Google search MODERN ECONOMICS A VULGAR PSEUDO SCIENCE- VADAKAYIL.

On September 28, 2012, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York, announced that Richard Lipsky, a lobbyist, was sentenced in Manhattan federal court to three months in prison for participating in a scheme to bribe New York State Senator Carl Kruger. Lipsky had pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy to commit bribery and one count of bribery in January 2012. 


In Adam Smith economics, the bribe has been described as rent . In some capitalist countries, such bribes are considered tax-deductible payments.

Bribery in bureaucracy is the reason for the higher cost of production of goods and services. Many types of bribes exist: tip, gift, sop, perk, skim, favor, discount, waived fee/ticket, free food, free ad, free trip, free tickets, sweetheart deal, kickback, funding, inflated sale of an object or property, lucrative contract, donation, campaign contribution, fundraiser, sponsorship/backing, higher paying job, stock options, secret commission, or promotion (rise of rank).

Political campaign contributions in the form of cash, are criminal acts of bribery in some countries, while in the United States, provided they adhere to election law, are legal.  

Example-- a motorist  bribes a police officer not to issue a ticket for speeding. A citizen seeking paperwork or utility line connections  bribes a functionary for faster service. Bribery may also take the form of a secret commission, a profit made by an agent, in the course of his employment, without the knowledge of his principal.  Euphemisms abound for this (commission, sweetener, kick-back etc.) . 




Bribers and recipients of bribery are likewise numerous although bribers have one common denominator and that is the financial ability to bribe. 

Bribery around the world is estimated at more than $1 trillion .Lobbying is corruption and campaign contributions are bribes, plain and simple. Legalizing them will benefit no one except for politicians and corporations. India will suffer. 

Corporations hire lobbying firms ( like the one owned by Nira Radia )   to influence government decision makers on their behalf. They consider it a cost of doing business— not even a hidden cost.

The ruling Congress party, (which has NIL inner party democracy)  usually issues a Italian DNA party whip to its members to vote in favor of a particular bill.  This means no patriotic Congress MP ( who does NOT want FDI in multi-brand retail ) can cross swords with the "waitress turned empress".  

In Parliament there should be no AYEs and NOs .   Voting, even to pass a bill must NOT be transparent in parliament, by raise of hands --it must be done electronically with a push button operated by conscience and patrioism. 

This can pull the carpet under the corrupt feet of the "lobbied up MPs and Ministers .




The UK parliament does NOT have it because that is the way Rothschild wants it.

We dont want to hear the Parliament speaker with a permanent stupid grin, mouthing mindless things like--  

" I can see the AYEs have it " . ( UPROAR -UPROAR ) 

BAITH JAYEYEA, SHANTH  HO JAYEYEA.




In a true democracy, party whip diktats,  MPs'  innate wisdom, think tank opinion and IAS lobby recommendations are all secondary. The people's  wishes of the constituency and their aspirations must hold supreme, unless it goes against national security and interests.  

What people need is a honest representative, who simply delivers the people's aspirations on the floor of the house back and forth , without superimposing it with his own bullshit ideas and party ideas. For true democracy , the people's representative or MP is just a go between post box--unless the people of the constituency are stupid and illiterate.

As of December 2008, 120 of India's 523 parliament members were facing criminal charges. Many of the biggest scandals since 2010 have involved very high levels of government, including Cabinet Ministers and Chief Ministers, such as in the 2G spectrum scam, the 2010 Commonwealth Games scam, the Adarsh Housing Society scam, Coal Mining Scam, mining scandal in Karnataka and cash for vote scam.





India does not recognize corporate lobbying be it statutory or non-statutory. In India, the an act of trying to influence government leaders, is not seen as good corporate practice. It can attract laws like Prevention of Corruption Act.  

However, lobbying is a legitimate business in capitalist countries like the USA , where the Zionist banking cartel and their minion corporate goons call the shots.. In the US Congress most of the senators are "lobbied up" and  in the pay roll of the banking cartel. 

Who says India is more corrupt than USA? Which moron will give Switzerland the No 1 spot for the cleanest country , when it comes to corruption?   Are we stupid?  Where are all the Rothschild banks , who  hold black money situated ? The Internet has exposed all these "list makers".

Media’s biasness towards corporate houses and media persons acting as the lobbyist for corporate sectors in the corridor of power and brokers of secret deals among different corporate groups started in the early eighties. Ramnath Goenka of the Indian Express can be safely called as the father of this trend in India. 




The way Goenka handled the Nusli Wadia-Dhirubhai Ambai tussle and started a vicious anti-Ambani Campaign was the first eye-catching example,  of media’s vested role in corporate politics and lobby. We do NOT want media to be king makers , especially foreign funded media. These people must be fined and put in jail-- because it is an EXTREME form of corruption. 

Even a leader like our PM MAUN Mohan Singh turning a Nelson's eye (to rampant corruption goin' on around him ) is a form of corruption. 

A person who gives a bribe is corrupt too. Why do we let all these rich multinationals go scot free? Why do we punch only the bribe receivers. Probably they had no choice but to take the peanuts, because his boss has already taken the lion's share. If he refuses his peanuts, his boss will suspect him to be a potential whistle blower and shove him off.  The powerful man who rapes must be punished, not the weak victim who just lay down and let it be , due to compulsions.

What are all these TV sham awards for--if it is NOT for king making ? More often than not they take instructions from their foreign owners , which CM to patronize. So Mamata Bannerjee did , you can catch and swing, OK?  No awards for you. 




The recent tape of conversation between corporate lobbyist Nira Radia and two famous journalists of India (Barkha Dutt and Vir Sanghvi) are the continued 21st century version of the trend started by Ramnath Goenka in 1980s.

All this Jan Lokpal and "eliminate corruption " efforts will come a cropper unless we cultivate whistle blowers and give them a reward.  A whistleblower is a person who works for the government and reports misconduct within the government . It can be an employee of a private company reporting corrupt practices within the company. 


India right now, does not yet have legislation for whistle blowers who face grave personal danger while reporting acts of corruption.  By exposing corruption among their superiors,  they face the possibility of direct or indirect vindictive action.  





In such cases the Govt must transfer these whistle blowers, so that their safety and career graph can be sustained. They must be rewarded. 

No Lokpal or IAC can do more than a  honest and patriotic whistleblower.

Our Govt officials steal state property. In cities and villages, government officials, elected politicians, judicial officers, real estate developers and law enforcement officials, acquire, develop and sell land in illegal ways. They vitually mint money-as the profit margins are too high.



We all know about the recent Robert Wadhera --nay-- Vadra ,  DLF nexus case.  Corrupt ministers with the connivance of IAS babus just make plans for laying by pass roads – along 5 or 6 routes, when actually there will be none.  They will go in a gang and punch in pegs into the soil, which passes through or adjacent  hundreds of homes.  Alarmed citizens try and sell off the land at throw away prices and move away. This land will be bought by the mafiia.   After all who wants a highway few metres from your bed room?

The route where the actual highway will come is kept a secret, till corrupt politicians and their moneybag cronies buy off all lands adjacent to this planned highway, whose value will skyrocket , 10 times in a couple of months.  Farm lands are converted into commercial lands just by altering records. 

Projects such as road building, are dominated by construction mafias, which are groupings of corrupt public works officials, materials suppliers, politicians and construction contractors. The public distribution programs and social spending contracts have proven to be a waste due to corruption. 90% of the budget to make a raod gets stolen, this is why Indian road have potholes. So that there can be yearly repairs. 

Remember, we took 20 years to catch Veerappan.  We had four numbers , "5 year plan" budget allocations to catch this forest bandit.  He was more of a blessing as the sandal wood trees grew for 20 years , and the wild life like tigers too had a conservation period, where they could multiply. Thousands of crores which went into the "catch ZE Veerappan"  budget -- where did it go? 

The clerks who fudge the paperwork, know all this.   But whom are they gonna complain to?  How did a bankrupt shoe shop owner, Gopal Goel Kanda make his millions and become the Home Minister too in Sonia Gandhi’s  UPA govt of Haryana?  Are there no checks and stoppers ? 

This goon Kanda started an airline which had more young , inexperienced , pretty and personally handpicked women employees,  than men. He was sexually abusing his girl employees , and when one of them committed suicide , the lid got blown off.




In November 2003, one Mr. Satyendra Dubey, was murdered after he exposed corrupt practices prevalent in the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI). The incident led to widespread public/ media outrage and impetus for the enactment of a whistle blowers bill. 

Satyendra Dubey was one of those rare young men who was honest and brave.  There will be more like him if we have a system in place , to protect them. This intelligent engineer from Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur and working for National Highway Authority of India, was killed for simply doing the right thing.  He was gunned down by the mafia in Gaya on early morning of November 27th, nearly a year after he had complained of rampant corruption on the Golden Quadrilateral project to the Prime Minister's office.

Knowing the dangers that surround honest people bucking the whole corrupt system, in his letter, Dubey had fervently requested that his name be kept secret . This request was NOT honored , and the letter was sent from the PMO to the Ministry of Road, Transport and Highways and then to the National Highway Authority of India, with which Dubey was working as Deputy General Manager.

Dubey's murder speaks volumes about the growing nexus between politicians and mafia and also highlights the illegal procedures/involved in awarding contracts and also fraudulent pre-qualification bids in connection to big development projects.  

Mere hollow verbal assurance from the MAUN Mohan Prime Minister that the guilty wouldn't be spared,  is not enough either to the citizens or to Dubey's grieving family.  If the government really means business and has a political will , it has to demonstrate that there are systems in place,  for good honest people to rely on.

A management graduate from Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow, Manjunath Shanmugham, who was working as a sales officer with the Indian Oil Corporation, was shot dead on November 19, 2005, when he tried to expose an adulteration racket at an IOC petrol pump in Lakhimpur Kheri. 



While a trial court awarded death sentence to the main accused and life sentence to seven others, last year the Allahabad High Court Bench in Lucknow commuted the death penalty to life sentence and acquitted two of the other seven convicts.


Taxes and bribes are common between Indian state borders.  Transparency International estimates that truckers pay annually  27000 crores (US$ 5 billion) in bribes.  Government regulators and police share in this extorted bribe money.  The en-route stoppages including those at checkpoints and entry-points take up to more than 12 hours in a day.  I myself have seen ( 4 decades ago ), the Karnataka state border police snatching gold chains from the necks of Gulf returnee passengers in the Mumbai Kerala bus.





About 60 percent of these forced stoppages on road by concerned authorities such as government regulators, police, forest, sales and excise, octroi, weighing and measuring department are all for extorting money. We must hace CCTVs installed . The loss in productivity due to these stoppages is an important national concern. The number of truck trips could increase by 55%, if such forced delays are avoided. 


 In 2006, however, the erstwhile draft Public Interest Disclosure Bill was updated and the same was renamed as “The Whistle blowers Bill, 2006. The said Bill was introduced in the Rajya Sabha  on March 3, 2006. Over the last few years, the Bill has undergone several changes based on comments and suggestions received.

The latest version of the Bill, styled as “The Public Interest Disclosure and Protection to Persons Making the Disclosures Bill, 2010” , was introduced in the Lok Sabha on August 26, 2010. The revised Bill has several new provisions which were added with a view to make a robust legislation on the subject. The Bill is yet to be notified as a statute.

In India we need a fast and efficient judiciary to handover judgments in fair and impartial manner  without political and social pressure. We need a clean and unbiased police that will come to the aid of those working on the right side of the law.

This type of a thing , where as soon as a new home minister ( like Gopal Goyal Kanda ) takes over, he gets all honest police officers transferred , and installs his own minions and sidekicks, running at his beck and call, must be ended.




We need to give our public some knowledge about the constitution, their rights therein, and rule of law.  Police can walk in and arrest a man at 2 AM , without a warrant, just because a certain Karti Chidambaram is not happy with him.  


We need laws that will encourage people in both urban and rural areas to come forward without any fear of retribution, to usher in an era of transparency, accountability and participation in the day to day governance of the country.

We need a system, a society,  where a person can do his duty without fear, with his head held high , where he gets job satisfaction.  If the government really intends to convert India into  such a nation, then it is high time the government rolled up its sleeves and made concrete efforts to pass the whistle blowers act ASAP

In Kerala we have the ATTI MARI where goons of all political parties,  form a “ head load workers union”. You cannot land any goods from the lorry to the ground, even in your private plot, unless an exorbitant extortion money is paid—for an easy job.  If the lorry contains cement these goons will melt away, as they want easy moolah, where breaking into a sweat in NOT required. 

These are the same goons who throw stones on your car if you drive on a bandh day in an emergency.. Police will NOT interfere . You can make out which political party they are affiliated to by the color of their neck scarf.  




If India has to become a super power we need to terminate criminalization of politics and rip asunder  the nexus among criminals, politicians and bureaucrats in India. We cannot allow such criminal networks to virtually running a parallel government.  

 

We need to decimate criminal gangs who enjoyed the patronage of corrupt politicians ( of all political parties)  and protect the honest government functionaries like IAS officer Khemka who exposed Robert Wadhera -- nay- Vadra ( angrez hai na! ).

Wanna know more about Kejriwal , Bhushan and IAC?

Kejriwal approached NR Narayana Murthy of Infosys in September 2012 asking for financial assistance, since Murthy had given 37 lakhs in 2010 and 25 lakhs in 2011.

Murthy says QUOTE: “  I declined. Hence, I have not financially supported Kejriwal’s political activities.”UNQUOTE


Bhushan, one of the key members of Kejriwal’s movement, says there is nothing wrong in companies funding movements.  Tata Social Welfare Trust gave a  cheque of Rs 25 lakh—are there free lunches? .

So If Infosys or Tata , does a 4G scam, and screws India in future,  IAC will keep well clear of them , right?


Western Zionist banks use social media to track customers with pending loans who may be untraceable. Very soon if you get too cheeky on the Internet, against the ruling elite and big brother, these banks will pass on your bank account information so that the IRS or Income tax dept , can take you to the cleaners.



                                        Above: Axis bank is Rothschild's bank

Indian democracy , elections and the right to vote have lost its meaning in India.  We are given rotten apples to choose from.  To form the majority government, with so many regional parties getting seats, horse trading with hundreds crores of rupees is done , even for plum ministries.  A goon like Gopal Goyal Kanda became Home Minister of the UPA govt in Haryana, even though he was a first time Independent. 

We must introduce a system where a regional party like DMK / AIDMK cannot come into the national stage, unless they can get sufficient number of seats from at least one more state speaking another language.  

Our problems need to be addressed.  65 years after Independence our mothers and daughters are still defecating in the open, yet we gave 10 billion USD largesse for Italy zone. We will NOT permit a Italian foreigner to drive India into the ground using her coterie, who are more loyal to her, than their motherland.  

Today we cannot take a corrupt politician to court. The only thing sure will be the expense, and the knowledge that even your grandchildren will have to pay for your folly in taking on a monster.  Deed not Geetika of Gopal Goyal Kanda fame, find it out  the hard way? 

Madame Sonia Gandhi is the guardian angel of most foreign Christian proselytizers in India.  If these Trojan horse NGOs are funded by the Christian West to promote democracy in India, then why dont they create a few similar good samaritan NGOs in Saudi Arabia , Qatar and Bahrain?   It is better we follow Putin’s example of passing a new law forcing all foreign funded  NGOs to register as “foreign agents!

Queen Bee and her coterie have already received "lobbying" ( bribes ) from Walmart--as per inside informaion.  She will ensure that Walmart will come into India by hook or by crook, before she loses the next election in 2014.   She will twist the arms of her political allies in a Quid Pro Quo deal ( Italian style ) using Govt agencies, having her stooges running them.  Mind you, after Walmart gains entry via Parliament vote, they will tell make a false under-declaration US senate how much bribes they paid to get into India. As is usual,  only a small percentage will be declared as "OFFICIAL LOBBIED MONEY".

Corruption has been institutionalized in India during the corrupt rule of the "waitress turned empress".  Right from the highest President to the smallest municipal corporator— all are hand in glove in misusing tax payer’s money for their personal foreign jaunts.  

All this corruption has mushroomed in the rule of the Italian Queen Bee, it was NOT too bad before . She chooses Catholic politicians and pseudo Hindus who are more loyal to her than their motherland.  Her handpicked sycophant President Pratibha Patil who loved globe trotting even took away all official gifts in Rashtrapati Bhavan for her son’s museum, till she was pulled up sternly by the courts to return them. 

We had the recent case of the corporators in Karnataka going on so called “study tours” to Argentina, Peru , Chile etc when all they did was sight seeing.  They cared too hoots for the TV cameramen who took videos of every inch of their progress from departure India to arrival India.

If I had my way, I would ban every lawyer from becoming a Minister. Most of the criminals have good qualities like “namak halal “ ( gratitude ) and being “wajan ka pakka” ( honour a promise ).  How many of you feel that lawyers are NOT ungrateful,  pathological liars? 

We need to re-write the Indian constitution, to be in consonance with these modern times!

Our own PM Manmohan Singh worked for a Rothschild financial concern before he became India's Finance Minister, as a part of re-orientation.  He was the Secretary General of the South Commission, an independent economic policy think tank headquartered in Rothschild banking cartel’s  home turf Geneva, Switzerland from 1987 to 1990.

Our poor PM Chandrasekhar was reduced to selling our Gold in 1991, and World Bank and IMF would NOT give a loan unless Manmohan Paaji was made Finance Minister. And later Italian Queen Bee Sonia would NOT have anyone else except "unelected" Manmohan Paaji as PM-- going against the Indian Constitution for a democracy. Are Indians free?  Is Mother India free?


Most of the foreign funds which come to India to Trojan horse NGOs for charity and human rights is meant for bribing the politicians , rabble rouser activists and media king pins.  Some of this foreign money if the “ 10 or 15% kick back” for legal purchases made including defence and infrastructure deals.  Why do we allow our NGOs to receive foreign money? Are these foreign donors stupid to give money free ?


“Just a little pure awareness relieves a soul of great fear.” - Bhagavad Gita

                                                        Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
NOOR INAYAT KHAN, THE NEW MATA HARI RELOADED, BUSTING THE BIG LIE-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


GERMAN DOUBLE AGENT CRYPTO JEW NOORUNISA INAYAT KHAN,   SHABRANI BASU'S BOOK THE SPY PRINCESS,   KATRINA KAIF'S MOVIE ABOUT TIPU SULTAN'S DESCENDANT,  PIERRE ARNOLD BERNARD THE MASTER OF TANTRA SEX,   SUFI SINGER HAZRAT INAYAT KHAN,   MATA HARI THE DANCER IN HAZRAT'S BAND,   ORA RAY BAKER,   NADIA BOULANGER,  THE BIG LIE AFTER A COOLING PERIOD OF 70 YEARS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






I am an Indian.  I will be running down a so called “Indian Princess” by the name of Noor Inayat Khan , who is being feted and honoured today, by the West.


A few weeks back, producers Zafar Hai and Tabrez Noorani have obtained the movie rights ( starring Katrina Kaif ) to the book Spy Princess: The Life of Noor Inayat Khan by Shrabani Basu.     



But then this what my blogsite is all about. Burying false gods and exposing the big lie.

First things first.

Punch into Google search TIPU SULTAN UNMASKED- VADAKAYIL.



Rothschild’s sudden wealth in 1799, is Tipu Sultan’s gold, stolen from Kerala temples. I am from Kerala.

Tipu Sultan was a Sunni Muslim. He is NOT a Sufi muslim.  Hazrat Inayat Khan , the father of Noor Inayat Khan was a Sufi Singer.

Most Sufis are Shia.  Sufism is a response to the lack of spiritualism in the wake of materialistic life lead by many in Islam.  Sufism is known as "Islamic Mysticism," in which Muslims seek to find divine love and knowledge through direct personal experience of God.  Sufism is more concerned with that next life now.

The book written by a Bong Shabrani Basu “THE SPY PRINCESS” about the British Second World war spy, Noor Inayat Khan  is sheer fiction— and NOT a true representation of history.  

The West is lapping it up—and how!! 





Yesterday Princess Anne unveiled princess and British spy Noor Inayat Khan’s bronze bust in a central London Square near the house where she lived.  This marked the culmination of a long and spirited campaign by Noor’s publicity diggin’ biographer,  Shrabani Basu.  

Musicians played songs written by Noor when she was 15 and the last post was sounded as a gathering of members of the royal household, diplomats, academics and peace activists observed a minute’s silence in her memory.  The campaign for a memorial to her was backed by Prime Minister David Cameron and other leading public figures, including filmmaker Gurinder Chadha and rights activist Bong, Shami Chakrabarti.

There were speeches galore  . BLAH BLAH – Princess Noor was the first woman radio operator to be infiltrated into Occupied France but was eventually betrayed, captured and killed in Dachau Herman Concentration Camp.  Her last word before she was shot after a long period of torture was  “Liberte.”  

This CRYPTO JEWESS was posthumously awarded the George Cross by Britain, and France honoured her with the Croix de Guerre --BLAH BLAH



Shrabani Basu, founder of the Noor Inayat Khan Memorial Trust which raised £60,000 for the memorial, said Noor represented the 2.5 million Indian soldiers who laid down their lives during the War fighting with the Allied forces ( my foot!).

Why did Britain take 70 years to honour Noor Inayat Khan ( a Pashtun crypto Jew ) ?.  

What is the catch?   



This is because , some very important people who knew the truth (and could spill the beans)  had to die first.  
Dead people tell no tales.  

One of them was an extremely rich banker ( you can guess who he is ) , who was Noor’s fiancé and lover.  He was a pianist who was smitten by Noor’s  beauty and her “non-existant” royal genes.  

This love affair blossomed under the watchful eye of their French music teacher at the Paris Conservatory, the great Nadia Boulanger.  Noor stayed in a house at Suresnes, near Paris donated to her by her Jewish lover, and who also sponsored her music classes... 


Juliette Nadia Boulanger who died on 22 October 1979 was a woman composer, conductor and teacher .  She was the first woman to conduct many major orchestras in America and Europe, including the BBC Symphony, Boston Symphony, Hallé, New York Philharmonic and Philadelphia orchestras.  This woman would NOT take a student unless the recommendation comes from the high sources , who fund her.



First let me write about Noor Inayat Khan’s mother , an American white woman by the  name of Ora Ray Baker from Albuquerque, New Mexico USA .  After she married Noor’s father Hazrat Inayat Khan she took on a Muslim name Pirani Ameena Begum.  



Ora Baker was the half-sister of American sex Tantra Guru (of the richest Illuminati in USA ),  a Jew by the name of Pierre Arnold Bernard.  Pierre was born in 1875 at Leon Iowa, USA ,  as Peter Coos.  He was a barber by profession. 



He travelled to India and learnt the forbidden Vamachara branch of Hindusim, and he took it back to USA—where fame and fortune overtook him

Now punch into Google search TANTRA , LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM, FORBIDDEN  VAMACHARA-  VADAKAYIL

Noor’s mother Ora Baker stayed in his this Tantra sex master’s house—as Pierre was her own brother and guardian.  


It was in Pierre Bernard’s Tantra club ( Clarkstown County ) that Hazrat Inayat Khan who came to sing Sufi songs ( for the filthy rich Freemasons ) first saw Ora Baker, and fell in love— or was induced to fall in love.


Pierre Arnold Bernard was a believer in Hinduism and he had balls. He soon became a lauded hypnotist in 1890s San Francisco, quickly attracting the attention of the rich and famous, who wanted him as their personal Guru.  During one demonstration, he used "mind control" to put himself in a trance that he claimed left him immune to pain. 




As the crowd watched, a doctor pushed pins through Bernard's earlobes and cheeks and rammed a "large ladies hat pin" through his tongue—or so the newspapers reported. A bloodied Bernard awoke and showed his fitness by promptly hypnotizing someone else.

A rich Jew by the name of Lewis was born to Jacob Lewis ( vice president of the Levi Strauss jeans manufacturing company)  and Harriett Rosenthal, (the daughter of Lenore Rothschild of the international banking family) .  Lewis studied Mathematics at the Rothschild owned Opium funded Columbia University in 1916.

In 1919 Lewis entered a Sufi community in Fairfax, California where he first met and was influenced by the teachings of Hazrat Inayat Khan an Indian Sufi teacher and musician .  Lewis remained in the Fairfax Sufi community through the early 1920s and he studied Yoga and Sufism. He was just one of the filthy rich Illuninati to sponsor Pierre Bernard.  


The same year Pierre’s  exclusive Tantra sex club,  the Brae Burn Club, was started in a swank mansion and estate at Nyack on the Hudson river.  The local Christians started complaining. Police raided in 1919,and found only Yoga lessons going on. Pierre declared publicly that he wanted "to teach men and women to love, and make women feel like queens."

Like any Tantra guru Pierre had his choice of attractive , rich and famous sexual partners, from whom he demanded absolute loyalty and not a little forbearance,  given his carefree attitude toward monogamy.  Most of the women didn't seem to mind; one famous 19-year-old declared herself  "cured of her heart trouble and in fine spirits"  after a months-long sex romp involvement with the guru.



He had massive financial and moral support from the Vanderbilt family— especially Anne Vanderbilt,  whose daughters were very much interested in mysterious Tantra of Bernard. Vanderbilts were the richest in USA and were one of the original Opium agents of Rothschild.


Pierre Bernard married a Miss de Vries, an attractive professional nude dancer. Together they launched the highly successful "health system of Tantrism" .  There was Tantra for students of both sexes, now.

Noor’s mother’s brother Pierre Arnold Bernard used to hold Vedanta and Yoga classes too.  He started the “New York Sanskrit College”.  There was an inner exclusive circle of the club called "The Secret Order of Tantriks," to which only the most wealthy Illuninati were allowed.  Bernard was their guru, and was known as "Oom the Omnipotent," and his initiates would chant their version of the Tibetan DNA repair mantra—"Om mani padme hum".

Now punch into Google search 12 STRAND DNA ACTIVATION MANTRA- VADAKAYIL

During his period at Nyack, Bernard became director and later treasurer of the local chamber of commerce.  He owned controlling stock in the bank at Pearl River, served as its president in 1931, and owned $12 million worth of property in Rockland County. He closed his yoga center during World War II and turned over his estate to the German Jew Wertheim family, the US agent of Rothschild.



OK, enough of Noor's mother's brother. However this is important in the context that a Muslim girl became so famous with the rich and famous. It did NOT hurt Pierre to advertise that his own sister Ora Baker,  is married to the descendant of the great Tipu Sultan.  


With his banker mentor's encouragement CRYPTO JEW Hazrat Inayat Khan, later to be known as Hazrat Inayat Khan, left India in 1910 to come to the West, travelling first as a touring musician and then as a teacher of Sufism, visiting three continents.

In 1912, a flamboyant "oriental style" nude dancer with the exotic name of Mata Hari ( mother of god Vishnu in Hindi) was the toast of Paris night clubs. A traveling musical group from India, The Royal Musicians of Hindustan was in Paris that year. 

Mata Hari performed with this group. The group's lead singer was a handsome and serious young man named Hazrat Inayat Khan. He belonged to an accomplished Indian musical family from Baroda and was trained in Indian classical music and the sufi philosophical tradition.  

Little did the gentle Hazart Inayat Khan know that one day his own dear daughter would follow in the footsteps of Mata Hari .


Hazrat Inayat Khan traveled the world with his Rothschild sponsored musical group and introduced the pacifist sufi philosophy to western audiences.  Thus during a tour of the United States, he met, fell in love with and married Jewish Ora Ray Baker.

Ora Ray Baker had four children with Hazrat Khan in quick succession.  Noor-un-Nisa (1913), Vilayat (1916), Hidayat (1917) and Khair-un-Nisa (1919).  Noor's brother, Vilayat Inayat Khan, later became head of the Sufi Order International.


Noor Inayat Khan was no princess at all .   

Hazrat Inayat Khan , to earn easy access everywhere with his peripatetic sufi stuff,  peddled himself  (with Rothschild owned media support and connivance ) as the Muslim Sufi Prince.  



Hazrat was sent to Russia by Rothschild.  Much later a Jew by the name of Trotsky go from USA to Russia and would murder the Czar and his family in cold blood ( Bolshevik revolution ) .  German Jew Karl Marx was a relative of Rothschild. Lenin and Stalin were Jews.

Noor-un-Nisa  Inayat Khan, was born in the Kremlin where her father was received as guest of the Czar Nicholas II. The Czar, his country troubled by internal unrest and looming war, was seeking spiritual solutions to the problems facing his regime.  

Therefore, the influential Gregory Rasputin invited Inayat Khan to visit Russia in order to share with the Emperor's family and court his Sufistic doctrines of peace and love.

So, born on 1 January 1914 in Russia , to her Indian father and American mother, Noor’s infancy was spent in London.  The family moved to France when she was a child and lived in Paris, where she was educated and learnt fluent French.  

In 1926 Hazrat , Noor's father returned to India. He died within a year in India and is buried in a tomb complex called the Nizumudin Dargah, in Delhi. This had been originally built for a 14th century Sufi mystic, Nizamuddin Auliya.



Noor grew up in the suburbs of Paris, at "Fazal Manzil", a famous house in Suresnes outside which a military band set up by her rich banker cum pianist lover still plays in her honour every 14 July.   When war broke out in 1939, Noor Inayat Khan trained as a nurse with the French Red Cross.  

She became a German agent and “fled from France”  just before the government surrendered to Germany in November 1940,  escaping by the last ship boat to England with her mother and sister, and landed at Falmouth in June 1940 .

Shortly after arriving in the UK, she joined the Women's Auxiliary Air Force (WAAF) as a wireless operator and soon caught the attention of recruiters from the SOE .  She made it very clear that her little princess heart broke , when France was occupied by Germans.  

She wanted to do something against fascism and she joined the elite spy squad in 1942, with express recommendation from Winston Churchill .  Churchill’s mother Jenny Jerome is Rothchilds.



Noor Inayat Khan, was to be a wireless operator in the French section of the Special Operations Executive (SOE), on recommendation  by the British PM himself—what a honor!

Noor took off by aircraft from Tangmere UK late on June 16th 1943 and landed in a remote field in the Loire on June 17th.  She was received by Henri Dericourt ( code name Gilbert ) recruited by MI6 ( Rothschild payroll Secret Intelligence Service) .  

Later crimes investigator Vera Atkins, would reveal that Henri too was a German double agent.  

Both Noor and Henri were working for Sicherheitsdienst des Reichsführers-SS, or SD , the intelligence agency of the SS and the Nazi Party in Nazi Germany.  During the weeks immediately following her arrival, at France the Gestapo made mass arrests in the Paris Resistance group.

It is reported that on 13 October 1943 CRYPTO JEWESS Inayat Khan was arrested . 

There is NIL evidence of her being in any German prison  at Pforzheim , other than bullshit British propaganda.  

Her last word was "Liberté" , before she was shot ? – what a joke! 

The Gestapo had access to her secret codes and messages and were now in a position to work back to London. The Germans made an ass out of Britain by sending false messages imitating her. The Germans were able to use her radio to trick London into sending new agents - straight into the hands of the waiting Gestapo.

They sucked in many more British agents and –YES—none of them were spared . They were caught by the Germans even before they could remove the parachutes from their body. Among them was Madeleine Damerment, who was executed.


First of all the usual method of execution at German prison Dachau was by hanging.  Even now the staff members at the Dachau Memorial site get amused when they hear about princess Noor Inayat Khan ( or her various code names like Madeleine, Nora Baker, Nurse etc ) getting tortured for many months and then being shot.  

There are absolutely NIL records of her execution, while records of all others exist. And surely such a pretty woman spy would be noted by all.




The Brits and Rothchild controlled press tom tommed that Noor’s r last words before being shot were “liberty” . Another report by a witness says a guard tried to force her to say "Heil Hitler" she refused saying "One day you will see the truth".  

TEE HEEEEE!

The same way, Hitler did NOT shoot himself in his Berlin bunker. He escaped on a microlight plane to Austria,  piloted by his blue eyed ace woman pilot.




British PM David Cameron, who said it was ‘impossible not to be moved’ by princess Noor's  bravery. General Sir David Richards, the Chief of Defence Staff, said 'We owe our freedom to women like Noor Inayat Khan.'  

SNIFF!


Now something about Mata Hari, the alleged German spy..



Mata Hari was arrested in her room at the Hotel Elysee Palace, on the Champs Elysee (now the HSBC French headquarters), in Paris. She was put on trial, accused of spying for Germany and consequently causing the deaths of at least 50,000 soldiers.

There was NIL evidence against her.

Secret ink was found in her room, which was incriminating evidence in that period. She tried her best to convince all that this ink was part of her stage make up.

Much of her popularity is owed to the film titled Mata Hari (1931) starring Greta Garbo in the leading role.  While based on real events in the life of Margaretha Zelle, the plot was largely fictional, appealing to the public appetite for fantasy at the expense of historical fact.  


In Paris, Mata Hari lived a glitzy and glamorous life,  at the Grand Hotel and with plenty of rich and powerful men , including men in uniform to keep her occupied . It did not seem to matter that no one had the least bit of evidence against her. 

Nor could anyone point to a single document, plan or secret that she passed to the Germans. Suspicion, envy and the prejudices of small-minded men would triumph. It is now clear that she wanted to expose a VERY rich banker.

Only 30 years after her death would one of her prosecutors concede the truth - "there wasn't enough evidence to flog a cat".

At the time, as most Europeans were unfamiliar with the mystic of the Orient Dutch , and thus thought of Mata Hari as exotic.



According to Pat Shipman's biography Femme Fatale Mata Hari never was a double agent, but was used as a scapegoat by the French military authority to obscure the failing of the French military operations at the front. 

This information was obtained by Shipman when she was allowed to study newly opened files in Paris.  She proved to be a brave woman. She refused to be bound and refused a blindfold.

The court file concerning the alleged double agent Mata Hari will not be opened before 15 October 2017, exactly one hundred years after her execution.

A great COOLING PERIOD indeed! 

BRAVO!!




ENJOY THESE CORNY PROPAGANDA PEARLS TOO— ABOUT MUSHY CHRISTIAN /  MUSLIM CO-OPERATION, WITH JEWISH REMOTE CONTROL .





Ms Basu - who spent “eight years researching her life” - told the BBC:  "She was this gentle writer of children's stories, a musician, but she was transformed. She was a tigress in the field." 

London publisher bought out her ‘Twenty Jataka Tales’, which was published in the UK, USA and France. Noor was also in the process of founding a children's newspaper when war broke out.   Jataka tales is more than 7000 years old.  Rothschild controlled media just can give this to her.

With astonishing courage, Noor Inayat Khan evaded the Gestapo before being betrayed, tortured and, after refusing to reveal any information, executed at Dachau concentration camp.

Princess Anne said  stories such as Noor’s are ‘remarkable in their own right’ but have a real connection to make with the modern age through their ‘multi-cultural aspect’.  

Her captors kicked and interrogated her but she revealed nothing.


When posthumously awarded the George Cross, Britain’s highest civilian decoration, for her gallantry in 1949, the citation read: 'She refused to abandon what had become the principal and most dangerous post in France, although given the opportunity to return to England, because she did not wish to leave her French comrades without communications.'  

Shrabani Basu : 'I realised how much Noor's story had touched ordinary people, especially the young.'I felt it was all the more important to remember Noor's message, her ideals and her courage in the troubled times we live in.'

She decided freedom had to be a political and social experience too.

Although Noor Inayat Khan was deeply influenced by the pacifist teachings of her father, she decided to help defeat Nazi tyranny: "I wish some Indians would win high military distinction in this war. If one or two could do something in the Allied service which was very brave and which everybody admired it would help to make a bridge between the English people and the Indians."

Over the next month and a half, all the other Physician network radio operators were arrested by the Sicherheitsdienst (SD). In spite of the danger, Noor rejected an offer to return to Britain. She continued to transmit as the last essential link between London and Paris. Moving from place to place, she managed to escape capture while maintaining wireless communication with London. "She refused to abandon what had become the most important and dangerous post in France and did excellent work.

Inayat Khan was arrested and interrogated at the SD Headquarters at 84 Avenue Foch in Paris. Though SOE trainers had expressed doubts about Inayat Khan's gentle and unworldly character, on her arrest she fought so fiercely that SD officers were afraid of her. She was thenceforth treated as an extremely dangerous prisoner

During that time, she attempted escape twice. Hans Kieffer, the former head of Gestapo in Paris, testified after the war that she did not give the Gestapo a single piece of information, but lied consistently, despite torture.

After refusing to sign a declaration renouncing future escape attempts, Inayat Khan was taken to Germany on 27 November 1943 "for safe custody" and imprisoned at Pforzheim in solitary confinement as a "Nacht und Nebel" (condemned to "Disappearance without Trace") prisoner, in complete secrecy. For ten months, she was kept there handcuffed.

She was classified as "highly dangerous" and shackled in chains most of the time. As the prison director testified after the war, Inayat Khan remained uncooperative and continued to refuse to give any information on her work or her fellow operatives.

In the early hours of the morning of 13 September 1944, the four women were executed by a shot to the head. Their bodies were immediately burned in the crematorium. An anonymous Dutch prisoner emerging in 1958 contended that Inayat Khan was cruelly beaten by a high-ranking SS officer named Wilhelm Ruppert before being shot down from behind. Her last word was "Liberté".

SNIFF !  

WHERE IS Me BANANA ?
********************************************************************
BABRI MASJID DEMOLITION , MUGHAL EMPEROR BABUR- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


BABRI MASJID DISPUTE ,   FIRST BATTLE OF PANIPAT 1526 ,  KOHINOOR DIAMOND , AYODHYA SRI RAM TEMPLE VAASTU ,  VARAHA AND VAMANA AVATARS OF LORD VISHNU , GODHRA RIOTS ,  RANA SANGHA ,  SILHADI - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Below photo:  First things first.  Check out the massive pillars of the ancient Ram temple of Ayodhya beneath the foundations of the Babri Masjid.  See the size of a man in comparison? Do they still say that Babri Masjid was NOT built on top of a temple? 






Below picture:  What about the ancient document about this Ram temple unearthed? Why all these Muslim propaganda and lies? 

The Hari-Vishnu Inscription --

Line 15 of this inscription clearly tells us that -

A beautiful temple of Vishnu-Hari, was built with heaps of stones and beautified with a golden spire unparalleled by any other temple built by earlier kings... This wonderful temple was built in the temple-city of Ayodhya situated in Saketamandala.

Line 19 describes –

God Vishnu as destroying king Bali and the ten headed Dashanan, i.e., Ravan.






The white historian has been digging in un-inhabited deserts to unearth ancient Indian history, to get gypsy pottery and mud hut ruins and then to smirk TEE HEEEEE this is the glory of Vedic India --  Hey,  how about choosing a spot in the mid centers of our ancient cities like Ujjain , Ayodhya , Delhi , Udaipur, Pataliputa etc ?  OH , I forgot, you are like surgeons who deliberately mistake the heart for the kidney to kill the patient , right !!









Miah saheb , aisa kyun hai?  Masjid je neeche mandir ?








A couple of years after the Babri Masjid at Ayodhya was demolished , I sailed on a ship with a Pakistani Chief Officer and a Pakistani 3rd Engineer.

Chief Officer was a Sunni Muslim.  He was not too religious, and he would have a beer with me in my cabin after his sea watch at 2000 hrs.  He had dark Indian Bihari type looks.

Third Engineer was a Shia Muslim. He was a religious scholar and a puritan. He would have been a religious Mullah as he did Islamic studies in Khandahar , Kabul ( Afghanistan ) and Teheran in Iran. He was fair and handsome looked like Imran Khan. He used to sit in my cabin and have a Coke with me sometimes from 1930 to 2000 hrs.

Third Engineer M , was my fan, and used to confide in me.  And he loved to discuss Islam and the Koran with me.  He was so fanatic in his Islamic views , that in all his books he used to write” Death to USA and death to Israel in the first page ), but he was a good man. 

I saw this once when I went for cabin inspections, and he was on watch in the Engine room. He also had a Koran in his cabin, a magnetic compass, and a prayer mat, which occupied pride of place. 


Third Engineer M , knew a lot about Mughal Emperor Babur—as this was part of his Islamic studies..  It is NOT normal for a Third Engineer to come to Captain’s cabin. But since he did NOT have too many friends on the ship, and Sunni does NOT talk to Shia , he was a loner. Talking to me was a sort of catharsis for him. And I had a soft corner for him.

The day he signed off from the ship, he told me that I knew more about Islam than him. He gave me his telephone number and said, any time my ship comes to Pakistan , I should ring him up and then he would take me out for a tour.  He said he had the political clout to do that—as Indians are NOT given a shore pass.  If you get caught,  it would mean jail for maybe 2 decades.

He was supposed to marry a Islamic scholar. He showed me her photo—a very attractive woman. I advised him, that he must marry a girl, who has nothing to do with extreme religion, as that would NOT make him a happy husband. 

When he shook my hands to leave the ship, after collecting his cash and documents , he told me that he will marry another Pakistani girl as per my advice—a happy go lucky worldly girl.  And he also whispered that that he has deleted the "death to America/ Israel"  logos from his books and that he is NOT a narrow minded hardcore Islamist any more. 


The day I joined the ship and took over command, the Chief Engineer walks in and said that he does NOT want the Third Engineer as he is on a revolt , and refusing to do work. He said it had something to do with Second Officer telling him the wrong direction of Mecca.

Anyway after the ship sailed out of port, I went down to have lunch. The Captains table with 6 chairs was circular. After we had lunch, I told Chief Engineer that he must get Third Engineer relieved of his 12 to 4 watch and come to the Officers saloon along with him.

So pretty soon he came , and I asked him what his problem was in this universe. Initially he said he wants to go home blah blah. After a bit of arm twisting , he came out with the real reason. Second officer hurt his religious feelings by giving him the exact opposite direction of Mecca to pray. Usually he would locate his own direction with his compass, but that particular day, it was raining and sea was a bit rough.

So then I sat on the table 12 O clock. I made him sit on the chair at 4 O clock. Then I asked him “ Am I on your left or right side? He said ‘You are on my right side”. Then I made him sit on the 8 O clock chair- and asked him the same question. So he said “Now you are on my left side”

Then I said “ Imagine that I am Mecca.  And now imagine that you changed perspective because the ship altered course . And imagine this table is the world which is round .”

He caught on immediately. He apologized for his trespasses and that was it. He did a proper job after that. 

If the world is round, you can fly to any place in opposite directions-- and still reach the same place. One way will be slightly longer , that is all. As navigators sometimes we are indeed faced with this true dilemma on a very long East West voyage, whether to go eastwards or westwards,  to reach the destination.  

6 can become 9 if you view it the wrong way. There is NO need to sulk about it.


Now , punch into Google search CULTURAL WISDOM –VADAKAYIL. 

These are a few lessons I gave M . And he used to be quite excited about all this .

One day, we discussed the Babri Masjid demolition. He was genuinely upset about it. It was NOT that he was trying to play politics. He considered the Mughal Emperor Babur to be a hero. For a person with Imran Khan type looks and DNA ( not a Muhajir like Chief Officer of the Indian sub continent ) , yes , Babur is a hero. This is why Pakistan named their missiles , BABUR.

So I asked him” How many more such demolished Indian mosques, like Babri Masjid do you know of since 1947”

He did NOT know of any other .

Then I asked him “ Place your hand on your heart and tell me – how many Hindu temples have been destroyed in Pakistan and Afghanistan by Muslims,  after 1947  ?”

He felt very sheepish. 

Then he replied “ More than 500 “ – to which I told him, the actual figure is double of that.

I asked him “Do you know why the Hindus demolished the Babri Masjid?”

He knew this very well . He said that "the original name of this Ayodhya mosque is NOT Babri Masjid,  but was called Masjid I Janmastan , and it was built on the foundations of a big ancient Hindu temple, using the same stones “

A few days before that I had told him that the black stone on the South East corner of Kaaba , 5 feet above the ground is a Shiva Lingam .It was originally a Shiva temple. He was stunned did NOT come to my cabin the next day. 


On his Koran cover the number 786 was inscribed. He could NOT explain this number , other than saying that it represented Bismillah. He was taken aback when I told him, that this number is Hindu king mantra  OM as seen in the mirror.



He came after two days , stating that he was so disturbed that the main attraction of Mecca was a Shiva lingam—and even he had kissed Shiva’s penis.



He was very relieved when I told him, that it is a representation of Lord Shiva’s pineal gland, NOT his prick.

He told that nowdays they do NOT allow anybody to kiss or touch the black stone. He has been to Mecca more than 10 times. 






Muslims substitute 786 for the phrase بسم الله الرحمن الرحيم bism illāh ir-raḥmān ir-raḥīm ("in the name of Allah, the compassionate, the merciful").



In the Bollywood movie Coolie Amitabh Bachchan has the brass tag 786, and his senior Islamic scholar coolie friend tells him that this number in Islam , is equivalent to OM mantra in Hinduism.

The first time,  all his friends and relatives had given him silk handkerchiefs to rub on the stone. So he started rubbing, one by one, and the guard got pissed off and started hitting him with a whip and he continued rubbing the pieces of cloth till he started bleeding from all over his body. 


Shiva Lingam is a black meteorite stone from which DNA rained on the earth from cosmos, as per our Vedas. They contain the “ source of life” ( Sagala / DNA ).

Punch into Google search NASA DNA , BUILDING BLOCKS IN  METEORITE - VADAKAYIL


Then I asked him. Do you know why the Mughals never worshipped in Babri Masjid , ever since they built the mosque.

He said ” As per Islamic tradition is does NOT look like a mosque. It was built by Babar’s General Mir Baqshi, who was a Hijra ( a eunuch ), who did NOT know much about Islam . The Mughals did NOT build an UJU , for washing the body parts before namaz , and there is no vast open space inside for people to pray “.

I agreed “ Yes, a mosque with dome like the ones as Istanbul usually has minerats for AJAAN , to call the faithful for prayers, while Babri Masjid does NOT have it ”. . 



And then I led him to it--he knew it but was pretending that he did NOT , initially.

He said “ The Mughals found, a SUWAR Hindu motif inside. This is the reason why Muslims refused to pray. Who wants to go to hell ? ”.

Then I had to explain to him the ten avatars of Vishnu.

The ten Vishnu Avatars are:

1. Matsya (the fish)
2. Koorma (the tortoise)
3. Varaha (the boar)
4. Narasimha (the human-lion)
5. Vamana (the dwarf)
6. Parasurama (the angry man, Rama with an axe)
7. Lord Rama (the perfect man, king of Ayodha)
8. Lord Krishna (the divine statesman)
9. Lord Ayyappa.
10. Kalki (the mighty warrior)--the FINAL avatar

The third avatar is NOT a pig ( suvar ) but a boar , which of course falls into the same category.




Lord Vishnu assumed the Varaha Avatar or the Boar avatar , to defeat Hiranyaksha, a demon who had taken the Earth (Prithvi) and carried it to the bottom of what is described as the cosmic ocean in the story. The battle between Varaha and Hiranyaksha took a very long time and finally Varaha won. 




Varaha carried the Earth out of the ocean between his tusks and restored it to its proper orbit in the cosmos. Vishnu married Prithvi (Bhudevi) in this avatar. She then gave birth to their son, an asura, Narakasura. Varaha is depicted in art as either purely animal or as being anthropomorphic, having a boar's head on a man's body. 


In the latter form he has four arms, two of which hold the wheel and conch-shell while the other two hold a mace, sword or lotus or make a gesture (or "mudra") of blessing. The Earth is held between the boar's tusks. The avatar symbolizes the resurrection of the Earth from a pralaya (deluge) and the establishment of a new kalpa (cosmic cycle).

Punch into Google search THE BANYAN TREE – VADAKAYIL

- to know about cosmic inhalation and exhalation ( Tamas / Rajas – Yin-Yang ) 

Then he said that even looking at a pig is NOT allowed in Islam, forget about praying in a building with such motifs.

So I told him” Even Indian Muslims feel the same way, NOT just the Mughals .  A Muslim friend of mine bought a brand new Fiat car in Chennai and while taking a joy ride with his friend, killed a pig which suddenly crossed the road.  Nothing happened to the car.  

But he had to sell it as his friend went and told everybody in his mosque.  And all in the mosque advised him to sell it.  Finally he could NOT get a good price even from the Hindus , and he had to sell it to a poor Christian, who could NOT afford it and gave him very little money.”

There is no reference to the Ayodhya mosque in Babur's diary, the Baburnama. The contemporary Tarikh-i-Babari records that Babur's troops "demolished many Hindu temples at Chanderi"

Enough of my Pakistani Third Engineer.

In 1992, after the Babri riots, there was a Govt excavation at the site, monitored by the Muslims.

They found that the mosque was indeed built on the foundations of a grand Hindu temple,using the same material. They found a Sanskrit an inscription on a thick stone slab.

The twenty-first verse in Sanskrit says the following; "For the salvation of his soul the King, after paying his obeisance at the little feet of Vamana Avatar, went about constructing a wondrous temple for Vishnu Hari (Shri Rama) with marvelous pillars and structure of stone reaching the skies and culminating in a superb top with a massive sphere of gold and projecting shafts in the sky - a temple so grand that no other King in the History of the nation had ever built before. This temple is built in the temple-city of Ayodhya. "



Above : an example of Nagari Lipi script.

More than  260 other Hindu artifacts were recovered on the day of demolition, itself , all pointing clearly that the mosque was built by using the same material .  

The inscription on the huge stone slab has 20 lines, 30 shlokas (verses), and is composed in Sanskrit written in the Nagari Lipi script.  The message was deciphered by a team comprising epigraphists, Sanskrit scholars, historians and archaeologists.


  
To find put more about the King and the Vmana avatar or Lord Vishnu—

--  punch into Google search ONAM 2012- VADAKAYIL.


This Asura King Mahabali, had his capital in Kerala. This is the reason why we do NOT celebrate Diwali in Kerala .  Diwali is to celebrate the victory of Devas over Asuras.

THE MUSLIMS IN INDIA ARE AT LIBERTY NOT TO BELIEVE ALL THIS.  GO AHEAD ,  PRAY HERE, AND GO TO PARADISE . 


The Ayodhya temple which was destroyed by Babar was built as per Hindu Vaastu. There is a water body at North East. The river Sarayu flows past.

The Sarayu river is mentioned several times the Vedas ( 5000 BC ) and the Ramayana ( 4300 BC ) . The Sarayu forms at the confluence of the Karnali (or Ghaghara) and Mahakali (or Sharda) in Bahraich District. The Mahakali or Sharda forms the Indian-Nepalese border. The river is mentioned three times in the Rigveda. ( RV 4.30.18. /  RV 5.53.9 )  Sarayu is invoked together with Sindhu and Sarasvati (two of the most prominent Rigvedic rivers) in the late hymn RV 10.64.

Ramayana describes Rama along with Sita and Lakshmana crossing the river Sarayu.

In Ramayana (1.5.6 ), the Sarayu flowed beside the ancient city of Ayodhya and here is where Lord  Rama, the seventh Avatar of Vishnu immersed himself to return to his eternal, real Mahavishnu form, when he retired from the throne of Kosala. 

His brothers Bharata and Shatrughna also joined him, as did many devoted followers. The Sarayu is also the river upon whose banks King Rama was born.



According the Ramayana, the banks of the River Sarayu is also the place where King Dashratha accidentally killed Shravan Kumar., and is also called the only river flowing beneath the earth.
                                 
According to Waitress truned Empress,  her “not so bright” son,  and her pseudo secular inner coterie, who love her more than their motherland , Lord Rama is just a myth. 


                                                                           
But the Koreans come here on annual pilgrimage. They even want to sponsor Ayodhya city—such is their faith.


Punch into Google search THE KOREAN BRAHMINS- VADAKAYIL

The pillars of the old temple were re-used, which contained the images of Hindu gods and goddesses against the tenets of Islam.. All three judges accepted that under the mosque is a Hindu temple and that the Ram temple was specifically demolished. The other large grand temples which were converted to Mosques are Krishna Janmbhoomi(Mathura), Kashi Vishwanath(Banaras).



Ever since Babri Masjid was made, there has been hundreds of attacks by Hindus on this mosque—almost every year . During Muslim invader rule, these uprisings were ruthlessly suppressed by torture in public and hanging. During British rule, they used this structure to DIVIDE AND RULE.  Rather they used to remind Hindus that this is their Ram temple.

As per the District Gazetteer ( Englishman ) Faizabad 1905, " Till 1855, Hindus used to worship in the  building. But after the Sepoy Mutiny or First war of Independence (1857), an outer enclosure was  put up in front of the Masjid and the Hindus forbidden access to the inner yard. So the Hindus made the offerings on a platform (chabootra), which they have raised in the outer yard.

During the Hindu Muslim communal riots of 1934, ( fanned by the British ) the walls around the Masjid and one of the domes of the Masjid were damaged. These were reconstructed by the British Government.

In 1947 before Independence , Lord Mountbatten gave a written fiat  prohibited Muslims from being around the site by  200 metres. This was enforced by the Britsih.  The main gate was locked.  However, they allowed the Hindu pilgrims to enter via the side door.





The Indian Home Minister Shankar Rao Chavan made a high profile visit to the site. There were several Hindu and Muslim experts with him . After inspecting the Hindu vaastu , Hindu motifs and dieties he declared “ Now I want to see the Babri Masjid.” On being told “what you are seeing is the mosque”, Chavan felt so foolish.

Mr. K.K. Muhammad , Deputy Superintendent Archaeologist ( Madras Circle ) as appeared in the English daily, Indian Express on 15 Dec 1990 :

" I can reiterate this (ie. The existence of the Hindu Temple before it was displaced by the Babri Masjid) with greater authority – for I was the only Muslim who had participated in the Ayodhya excavations in 1976-'77 under Prof. Lal as a trainee. I have visited the excavation near the Babri site and seen the excavated pillar bases. 

Muhammad went to add: " Ayodhya is as holy to the Hindus as Mecca is to the Muslims; Muslims should respect the sentiments of their Hindu brethren and voluntarily hand over the structure for constructing the Rama Temple."

WILL ANY MUSLIM EVER PRAY IN THIS MOSQUE, IN WHICH THE MOGHALS BANNED NAMAZ ?  

WHAT IS THIS HUE AND CRY ABOUT?  

IS IT JUST POLITICS?  



IF MECCA WAS IN PLACE OF AYODHYA , WHAT WILL BE THE STANCE OF THE MUSLIMS?  IN FACT PAKISTANIS ARE MORE WORRIED ABOUT BABRI MASJID , THAN INDIAN MUSLIMS.  THE PAKISTANIS DO KNOW THAT BABRI MASJID IS THE KAABA OF THE HINDUS.

THEY HAVE NOT YET RECONCILED TO THE BITTER FACT, THAT MUSLIMS IN INDIA DO NOT WANT TO GO TO PAKISTAN, WHILE HINDUS IN PAKISTAN ALL WANT TO COME TO INDIA.  

DO THE PAKISTANIS WANT TO HAVE A SECRET POLL ( CONDUCTED BY A THIRD NEUTRAL PARTY ) AMONG INDIAN MUSLIMS IF THEY ARE WILLING TO SETTLE DOWN IN PAKISTAN, AND VICE VERSA WITH THE HINDUS THERE? LET ME TELL YOU, IT WILL BE ZERO PERCENT AND HUNDRED PERCENT , RESPECTIVELY ! 

 WANNA BET ?  

WHAT A DISGRACE !!

WE HAD THREE MUSLIM PRESIDENTS -- IS IT EVER POSSIBLE FOR A HINDU TO BE A PAKISTAN PRESIDENT?  OUR CURRENT CHIEF JUSTICE IS A MUSLIM.

THERE ARE MORE MUSLIMS IN INDIA , THAN THE REST OF THE WORLD PUT TOGETHER ( LEAVING ASIDE INDONESIA ). 

AFTER THE 1947 PARTITION THE HINDUS CAME TO INDIA, AND THE MUSLIMS DID NOT WANT TO GO TO PAKISTAN.   THE BRITISH ( ROTHSCHILD ) ENGINEERED THE TERRIBLE RIOTS , SO THAT MUSLIMS WILL RUN TO WEST AND EAST PAKISTAN..

THIS WAS AN ISLAMIC BUFFER ON EITHER SIDE OF THE HIMALAYAS TO PREVENT RUSSIAN AND CHINESE COMMUNISTS FROM ENTERING THE BLUE INDIAN OCEAN.


Now, I shall expose a lot of historical lies , made by the Moghuls themselves to smell of roses.

Babar was semi illiterate, as he was practicing war right from the age of 11. He was NOT a poet or a writer. He had his own writers in tow, to whom he dictated what to write down once in a while. This was a usual practice.  Even Alexander the Great had his own gang of poets and writers , whose sole job was to make him smell of roses.

SUCH EMPERORS COULD NEVER RETREAT BY DEFEAT IN BATTLE IN DISGRACE .  THEY WOULD ONLY ADVANCE IN THE WITH GREAT HONOUR AND DIGNITY IN THE OPPOSITE DIRECTION.

Remember the Hindi movie Lagaan, after getting licked in a game of cricket by a bunch of villagers , who had never played cricket before, the British garrison had to leave the village (as per the wager )-- but they left in style, BEATING THE RETREAT-- the entire village gaping with a inferiority complex,  at the terrific march past--in full military regalia. 




Bāburnāma (  "Letters of Babur" or Tuzk-e Babri) is the name given to the memoirs of Ẓahīr ud-Dīn Muḥammad Bābur (1483-1530), founder of the Mughal Empire , the "so called" great-great-great-grandson of Timur.  

If you know the size of the Harem of Timur, you will understand what I mean by "so called" . Babur was a soldier of fortune , a mercenery . Nothing succeeds like success, right?

It is considered an autobiographical work, originally written in the Chagatai language, known to Babur as "Turki" (meaning Turkic), the spoken language of the Andijan-Timurids.

Babur had 5 children —Humayun ( who succeeded him ) ,  Askari Mirza, Hindal Mirza, Gulrukh Begum,  Kamran Mirza. Humayun had 2 children--  Akbar and Muhammed Hakim.

Akbar saw the sorry state of his grandfather’s memoirs and he decided to convert it into a master piece fitting to be the diary of the Great Emperor Akhbar. Basically it was an act of selfishness , to show his grand genes and blood, devoid of cheating, trickery, deceit, lust . 

This is more or less the same , as many people wear a suit with tie only when they take a photo. His grand fathers campaign in India were too disgraceful and so Akbar, having more class than his grandfather,  just got rid of these loose diary pages.

Akbar's reign, got the sheets of Babur’s diary, completely translated to Persian by his Mughal courtier, Abdul Rahīm, with some amount of masala and flowers .

Otherwise how many people will write a diary starting with with these corny words—
“In the province of Fergana, in the year 1494, when I was twelve years old, I became king ”

TEE HEEEEE!

Now just check out further gems – blow by blow accounts, all in his favour.  This is what the US government did in Iraq.  A most disgraceful war was converted by embedded reporters ( professional liars trained by Jewish Rothschild media ) to a honourable one.  

US soldiers shit did NOT smell in these pathetic propaganda accounts . Much later an embedded reporter himself got stung by conscience and spilled the shocking beans, which NO Hindu or Muslim king would ever do-as such things are NOT in our culture..

Now I want all of you to read something very shocking and distressing about GENOCIDE ON IRAQI HIGHWAY 80.

Punch into Google search LEANDER  BHUPATI  SANIA EGO CLASHES- VADAKAYIL.  




I gave this expose a misleading name , as anything about this unbelievable holocaust on the Internet, was censored by Jewish media Big Brother.  I have put some gruesome pictures.



Now check out a “nice” para from Babur’s diary-

QUOTE:-- A man took aim at Ibrahim Beg. But then Ibrahim Beg yelled,"Hai! Hai!"; and he let him pass, and by mistake shot me in an armpit from as near as a man on guard at the Gate stands from another. Two plates of my armour cracked. I shot at a man running away along the ramparts, adjusting his cap against the battlements. He abandoned his cap, nailed to the wall and went off, gathering his turban sash together in his hand. :- UNQUOTE

Digression: Now let me narrate an interesting incident. I was coming back by train from Chennai to Calicut after doing my Master’s revalidation course. In the First class AC coupe, I found all were from the Rotary club of Calicut. I go to the Rotary club swimming pool and health club, every day while on leave. They had gone to Chennai for the wedding of a Rotarian and were coming back together. 

In between I say a young guy of about 20 in the compartment. He looked at almost everybody twice and then he came to me and asked me for 200 bucks, which was a big amount those days. He said that he a college student is from Delhi, he lost all his money in Chennai and now he wants to go back home. 

So I told him “ Listen I have been watching you for a long time. You were looking at each and everybody on the railway platform itself , and now you have chosen me alone, to beg  . What is the catch? Do I look like an asshole to you?”

He replied “ Well sir, you appear to  be the generous type.  All the others will NOT part with 5 rupees, leave alone 200 rupees. After I go back home I will send this money to your home ”.

Familiar story—only a fool and his money are soon parted.

So I asked him “ What is your subject in College “

He relied “ History, and I have come here to do a project ”

So I gave him my express condition “ I will ask you a simple history question, which every Indian history student will know.  When was the First battle of Panipat?  Even if you don’t know,  I want an answer, just to find out by how many decades or centuries you are off target” .

He gave me an approx. answer which was out by 200 years .

So I said “ Sorry, buddy. You can try your luck with some other rich asshole ”

He got down from the compartment. I was watching him closely through the window. Afetr 5 minues he came back to me again .

He said “ Sir, what is the actual date?”

So I have him 200 bucks and said “ The year is 1526” .

He was so happy that he touched my feet. I reckon only a history student would have come back to ask me the correct answer.

The first Battle of Panipat ( few miles off Delhi ) was the first battle in India for Babur, after he invaded. This soldier of fortune,  defeated the  army of Ibrahim Lodhi , on 21 April 1526.  

It marked the beginning of the Mughal Empire in India . This was one of the earliest battles involving gunpowder firearms and field artillery. Babar had guns and field cannons . Ibrahim Lodhi had an army which was 12 times bigger, with hundreds of elephants.



The historical record of this critical battle is a BIG LIE. 

Babur was invited to India, as a mercenary soldier.

The Muslims first got a toehold in India pretty much the same way.  the same way, 335 years before ,  1191 AD, the ruler of Kabul , Shahabuddin Muhammad Ghori was given a bribe ( supari ) in gold by Jai Chandra Rathod, the Gahadvala king of Kannauj of the Gujjar ethnic group to teach a lesson to a handsome young Indian King by the name of Prithvi Raj Chauhan III (of the Rajput Chahamana dynasty) with whom his pretty daughter eloped..

Sanyogita or Samyukta was the stunningly beautiful but headstrong daughter of Rathod. She had heard of the valour and goodlooks of Chauhan and was infatuated with him. She started corresponding with him in secret , as her father was at logger heads with Chauhan. The love between Prithviraj and Samyukta is India's most popular medieval romance.

On finding out about the secret affair, Raja Jaichand was outraged that such a forbidden had been budding behind his back. He decided to marry off his daughter as soon as possible to a worthy king by a Swayamwar .  In haste he invited the entire royalty from far and wide to the ceremony, every eligible prince and king - except Prithiviraj Chauhan, much to the chagrin of Samyukta .

To insult Chauhan,  Jaichand installed a life size statue of Chauhan at the gate of the Swyamwar arena , dressed up as a doorman. Chauhan  was provoked and he decided to elope with Samyukta.  

On the day of the ceremony, Samyukta walked through the court holding the ceremonial garland, ignoring the gazes of all her ardent suitors. She passed through the door and put the garland around the neck of Prithviraj's statue, declaring him her husband.



Chauhan who was hiding in disguse nearby, immediately ran in scooped her inn his arms put her on his fast steed and made a daring getaway. This is now legend.



Jaichand seething with anger planned revenge.

The hidden strategic Khyber Pass is a 53-kilometer  passage through the Hindu Kush mountain range. 

It cuts through the northeastern part of the Safed Koh mountains . At its narrowest point, the pass is only 3 meters wide.  It connects the northern frontier of Pakistan with Afghanistan, and was the only passage way to ancient India.  If you dont have a guide you die.



Jaichand was not strong enough to defeat Chauhan in battle, so he paid the first Supari ever to a mercenary Mohammed of Ghori, outside India with information as to how to enter India via the treacherous Khyber pass.

In 1191, Shahabuddin Muhammad Ghori, leading an army of 120,000 men and horses, invaded India through the Khyber Pass and was successful in reaching Punjab. Chauhan had a larger army of 20000 men and 300 elephants.  The two armies met at the town of Tarain, near Thanesar, in present-day Haryana, 150 kilometres  north of Delhi.

History repeated itself ( like for Alexander  in 326 BC ) and Shahabuddin Mohammed Ghori's horse cavalry was unable to hold its own against the 300 elephants. Terrified , the cavalry broke ranks and in the utter confusion Chauhan won easily.

Ghori was made a prisoner. He begged for his life and honourable Chauhan foolishly allowed him to return to Kabul against the advice of Samyukta and his wise ministers . This was the biggest mistake which lead to Muslim rule in free India, for 650 years before the British rule.

Ghori rode back to Afghanistan, and then a year later in 1192 at the Second Battle of Tarain ,  defeated Chauhan with a stronger and wiser army.

Chauhan never expected this , as he and his army were still still resting on their laurels , with even his army staying with their wives,in celebration mode. Chauhan had pleaded to his father in law Jai Chand for military help. Still in a deep sulk , he ignored him .

Prithviraj was taken prisoner and was brought in chains before Ghori.  He eyeballed  Ghori getting him pissed off.  Ghori ordered him to lower his eyes, whereupon a defiant Prithviraj declared that the eyelids of a Rajput are lowered only in death.

Ghori prompty put red hot coals in Chauhan’s eyes and blinded him. He killed him only after humiliating and taunting him for days .

Ghori who was known to be ugly , brutally and repeatedly raped Samyukta and she committed suicide.  Her father Jai Chand in remorse later drowned himself in the river Yamuna.

Thousands of Rajput women jumped into the fire with their children and killed themselves ( jauhar ) . Countless hindus were forcibly converted to Islam

Ghori’s  lieutenant, Qutb-uddin Aibak later ruled India and founded India's first Muslim ruling dynasty. He ruled over India for fourteen years . 

His son-in-law constructed the famous Qutab Minar, a mosque and minaret, in his memory. This was built the Babri Masjid way. There was an astronomical observatory by the name of Dhruv Stumbh, here . Qutb Minar is just a superficial conversion.



The defeat of Prithviraj Chauhan also marked the end of Hindu rule in Delhi and the turning point in Indian history. 1192 AD.



India , the richest and most envied land on the planet , would now pass on to 855 years of slavery. 

By the time India became free in 1947,  90 million Hindus world be massacred in the most cruel manner. 

Almost all our grand temples would be destroyed. The Ottoman empire at its peak, was funded from India.



Above the Marthanda Sun temple in Kashmir.

By 1947, when we broke the shackles of slavery, India would be the poorest country on the planet, -- a pathetic nation of Hindu coolies and Hindu snake charmers-- a nation to be ridiculed for its poverty. 

Punch into Google search THE UNQUANTIFIED HOLOCAUST AND GENOCIDE- VADAKAYIL

In the year 1494, Babur succeeded his father as the ruler of Fargana, which is located in the present day Uzbekistan. In 7000 BC, during the rule of King Vikramaditya, Uzbekistan was part of India. 



Babar attacked a city called Samarkand and got possession of it after a struggle of seven months.

Babur invaded India four times through the border of Punjab during the Lodhi dynasty in India. He used to carry out the invasion from his capital at Kabul. Every time he came with guns, and every time he was beaten back in disgrace, by a more powerful army. These are things his diary will never tell.

Then in 1526, he was INVITED to attack by a palace conspiracy —and his victory would be assured, provided he paid the right price.

Ruler Ibrahim Lodi’s uncle Alam Khan Lodhi, wanted to usurp the throne by deceit.

It was a known fact that Rajput King of Mewar,  Rana Sangha ( Maharana Sangram Singh ) had a more powerful army than the army Ibrahim Lodhi , and was gearing up to drive away Afghan King Ibrahim Lodhi from Delhi. 

Once Rana Sangha attacked it would be too late. Rana Sangha was the scion of the Sisodia clan of Suryavanshi Rajputs.  He succeeded his father Rana Raimal as the king of the Mewar in 1509, and he was the most  powerful King  in the whole of North India.

An emissary who was loyal to Alam Khan , by the name of Daulat khan Lodhi was sent to Kabul in secret.  Daulat Khan was the governor of Punjab.

Babur came to India with his 17 year old son Humayun and a 11000 strong army and field artillery. Ibrahim Lohi has 150,000 troops, and 500 war elephants , but had no guns .

Contrary to what historians say, Ibrahim Lohi’s elephants were trained to ignore gun shot sounds and their ears were padded. There was NO chance for Humayun who was in the lead attack party. 

Within an hour of battle , Ibrahim Lodhi was killed on the battle field by Alam Khan Lodhi and left to bleed and die in a deceit most foul, by his own Generals , who suddenly switched loyalties to Babur. 


Ibrahim’s vast army, running into miles , in the rear never even could strike a single blow.  Babur did NOT massacre Ibrahim Lodhi’s army—this is on record.  In any case how could he do that?   Hardly anybody died. I am sure Baburnama ( the propaganda piece of Babur ) will NOT record this disgraceful event.  Muslim wars never had any honor or chivalry.


After Babur emerged victorious at Panipat, he occupied Delhi.  Thousands of Hindus were put to the sword, and women raped. His cruel crimes at Delhi, far exceeded his crimes in Samarkhand, where he put 700,000 inhabitants to the sword, captured all the attractive women and handsome young boys to be castrated as converted into eunuchs..  

Then he sent his son Humayun to Agra, the capital of Ibrahim Lodi to capture the Royal palace and the treasure.  Shortly after that Babur , the Sunni Muslim, joined Humayun , and  ascended the throne of Agra and turned it to his capital.

Rana Sangha meanwhile had already crushed Gujarat and conquered Malwa and was now close to Agra. It was at this juncture that he heard that Babur had defeated and slayed Ibrahim Lodi and was now master of Delhi sultanate.  Babur was the first one to confer on himself the supreme title of ‘Padshah’

Rana Sanga was upset when he heard that Babur had declared himself of the Emperor . He now knew that Babur had NO plans to go back to Kabul, and hence decided to fight him, as he was stronger.  

As a first move, he provided refuge to Ibrahim Lodhi’s loyal Afghan fugitive princes like Mehmod Lodi and Hasan Khan Mewati.  Then he officially  warned Babur and asked him to leave India, within a time frame . He hoped to attain this by talks with Babur and sent his vassal r Silhadi of Raisen as his emissary.

In 1527, Silhadi suddenly aligned himself with Rana Sanga of Mewar in a grand Rajput confederacy against Mughal emperor Babur.  Rana Sanga had given his own daughter’s hand to Silhadi’s son as a token of their alliance.  This was probably the greatest honor a vassal could aspire for,  as Rana belonged to the most prestigious clan of Rajputs.

Raja Shiladitya, who betrayed Rana Sangha , ( Silhadi ) was a Tomar  chieftain of northeast Malwa . He commanded a mercenary force of Purabiya soldiers ( hailing from present-day eastern U.P. and Bihar ) and for that reason is himself occasionally referred to as a Purabiya. 

This man had a warped traitor’s DNA.  He remained a decisive factor in the politics of north and central India during his life and was responsible for sinking the fortunes of many kings by his sudden defections. He gained everlasting notoriety by betraying Rana Sanga in the battle of Khanwa and causing the defeat of the Rajput confederacy.

Siladitya also fell to the same “carrot on stick treachery”  by which Ibrahim Lodhi was cheated.  Siladitya was  won over by Babur, who promised him his own Kingdom.  

Babur and Siladitya hatched a plot that in war.  Siladitya, who had large contingent of 35,000 men would be in the central front rank . He would suddenly defect and join Babur’s camp at critical moment of battle and thus defeat Rana Sanga through treachery who had never been defeated in battle.  

Siladitya went back to Chittor, told Rana that war is a must, and it is easy to defeat Babur.

Rajput army supplemented by Afghan contingents of Hasan Khan and Mehmod Lodi met Babur’s army at Khanwa near Fatehpur Sikri in 1527.  Battle lasted for 10 hours and it was absolutely bloody.  

At a critical and planned moment of battle, the defection of Silhadi and his contingent caused a crucial gap in the Rajput front ranks and Rana Sanga while personally trying to rebuild the breached front was wounded seriously and fell unconscious.

Rajput army thought their brave leader was dead and fell into sudden disarray.  Rana Sanga was whisked away to safety by Rathore contingent from Marwar and once he became conscious learnt of betrayal and defeat.  

But Rana Sanga unwilling to admit defeat set out once more to rebuild his military and renew war with Babur.  He vowed not to set foot in Chittor till Babur was defeated by him. 

In 1528, he once more set out to fight Babur at Chanderi to help Medini Rai who was attacked by Babur.  But he was poisoned by Silhadi’s spies , and died in his camp at Kalpi.  For Silhadi knew his fate if he was captured .


Knowing that Rana Sangha was poisoned by wine, Babur suddenly stopped drinking wine , and resorted to Opium which was highly addictive. He made a huge show of breaking a lot of wine pitchers. Drinking wine is prohibited as per Islam. Opium wasted Babur died in December, 1530 and was succeeded by his eldest son Humayun.  

Babur had left written instructions that he be buried in Kabul. For a while his body was entombed in the Aram Bagh in Agra, opposite the present site of the Taj Mahal. 




Sometimes between in 1543, his remains were transported to his final resting place in Kabul, at a site he himself had chosen.. The Gardens оf Babur, called Bagh-e Babur, іs а historic park іn Kabul, Afghanistan,  аnd аlsо his final resting-place. 




On the way to Delhi Babur had sacked the rich city of  Multan in the Province of Sind. There was mindless carnage and thousands put to the sword.  Guru Nanak had embarked on the third of his preaching tours and had reached the City by foot shortly before it was sacked.  

During the sack of the City, Guru Nanak was cast into a prison and put to the task of chakki peesing ( grinding corn ) for the army of the invaders.

Soon his guards reported to Babur that there was a holy peer baba in the jail.  Babur then arranged for a meeting with Guru Nanak and was impressed by him and his knowledge of Mecca , God and Islamic philosophy. 



Above: Babur had a trained falcon which could deliver messages and indicate army movements.

He set Nanak free, considering that it would be a ill omen to keep him in jail. This event is recorded in the Guru Granth Sahib , and the chapter is called the Babur Vani.  Guru Nanak describes the atrocities of Babar and his men in Punjab.  

Wikipedia and the Western Historains describes this cruel tyrant as a noble, secualr, poetic, kind soul, lover of arts BLAH BLAH.

 I would rather believe eye witness Guru Nanak. Guru Nanak was so moved by the cruelty of Babur at Saidpur .  He described the sorrows of Hindus . Babur's marauding army, in the words of Guru Nanak, was "the bridal procession of sin”

Babur spared Hindus who converted to Islam. He would give these converted  Muslims and property. . Babar destroyed every Hindu temple he came across.  Babar himself became a Ghazi which in Islamic terminology is a positive epitecht and it means "a Muslim who has killed a kaffir non-Muslim”.   

Such a nice person is guaranteed heaven with "beautiful women, wine and rivers of honey." Babur also had a strange diabolical passion to cut the heads of Kaffir non-believers and create pillars out of cut head. Anybody who saw such a pillar was sure to convert to zislam.

Now about the Kohinoor diamond--

Babur had received reports that the Fort of Agra housed an immense treasure, which included a large diamond that defied all description. It was reported to him that its size, color, and brightness were beyond comparison.  


Humayun secured the Kohinoor diamond at Agra by deceit. He told the wife of the Raja of Gwalior , “ If you give me the Mountain of Light stone , your husband will be spared”.

Upon arrival Babur at Agra was presented with the fabulous diamond.


Babur he valued it at the price of two and a half days food for the whole world. The legend says that at this time its weight was about 789 carat, or nearly six troy ounces.

After his death the precious stone was passed on to his son Humayun and later on - to successive generations of Moghul rulers, including Shah Jehan, the builder of Taj Mahal, who has set the priceless gem in his famous Peacock throne as one of the peacock’s eyes.

After the death of Shah Jahan, the Koh-i-noor diamond passed into the hands of his son Aurangzeb. When in his possession, it was shown to Tavernier - an enterprising French traveller and connoisseur, who made a tour through the East in search of rare and wonderful gems.

Tavernier made and left to the history the first sketch of the Koh-i-noor diamond.  Aurangazeb was fooled by a Venetian Hortensio Borgio, who promised to re-cut the diamonds and make it “shine like the sun” . When the stone was given back to Aurangazeb he was shocked to note that the 789 carat stone was reduced to  280 carat.

He got so pissed of that he refused to pay him. Considering that Borgio stole a piece of the diamond, he imprisoned him for a while, but did NOT kill him.

Muhammad Shah carried it with him hidden in the folds of his turban, a secret known only to a selected few, including a eunuch in the harem of the Emperor. Hoping to win the favor of Nadir Shah, the disloyal eunuch whispered the emperor's secret into his ears, and Nadir Shah in turn, devised a plan to deprive Muhammad Shah of his prized possession. The day was drawing near for him to leave for Persia and Nadir Shah ordered a grand durbar to be held where he would hand over the control of the Mughal Empire back to Muhammad Shah.

On 1 May 1739, during the ceremony, he reminded Muhammad Shah of the ancient tradition of exchanging turbans between kings as a sign of friendship and fraternal ties. Nadir Shah gave little room for pause between word and action and removed the turban from his head and placed it on the head of Muhammad Shah, leaving the latter with no choice but to reciprocate the gesture. Muhammad Shah went through the ceremony with such poise that it left Nadir Shah baffled. Was the Koh-i-noor really hidden under the folds of his turban, as the eunuch had revealed, or it was a hoax?

After the ceremony, Nadir Shah hurried into his apartments and eagerly undid the folds of his turban, where he found the hidden diamond. Wonderstruck at its size, beauty, and brilliance, he shouted  "KOHINOOR" which in Persian means "mountain of light," and the gem of fortune came to be known by this name thereafter. After returning to Persia, Nadir Shah kept the diamond near himself, within easy reach.

Nadir Shah was assassinated soon after and the diamond fell into the hands of Ahmad Shah Abdali, one of his ablest generals, who later became the King of Afghanistan. After his death in 1772, the Koh-i-noor diamond passed into the hands of his successors.

In the battle for succession that followed, the Koh-i-noor ended in possession of one of his sons Shah Shuja Mirza. In the changing fortunes of war, Shuja Mirza was defeated and made prisoner by the allies of his brother, Mahmud Shah. However, before being captured, he managed to send his family to Punjab to seek refuge with Maharaja Ranjit Singh (known also as ‘Ranjeet the Lion’).  Wafa Begum, Shuja Mirza’s wife, carried the Koh-i-noor diamond with her to Lahore.

Wafa Begum became greatly distressed when she heard the dreadful news of her husband. She sent envoys to Ranjit Singh and implored him to use his influence to get her husband released and in return for his help promised him the Koh-i-noor diamond.  Ranjit Singh marched against the Afghans and got Shah Shuja released.  After securing the Koh-i-noor diamond, Ranjit Singh had the prized jewel fitted in his turban. Later he had it sewn into an armlet, which he wore on all the important state occasions, where it remained for twenty years.

Before Ranjit Singh died in 1839, his priests tried to get him to donate the diamond to the Temple of Jaggannath. Apparently he agreed, but by this time he was unable to speak and the keeper of the royal treasure refused to release the stone, on the grounds that he has not received such orders.

Kohinoor signed away to queen Victoria in 1849 by 11 year old boy King Duleep Singh while in exile.  As a reward he could play with the royal kids in London.



The terms of the treaty, at the end of the Second Anglo-Sikh War specified that: "The gem called Koh-I-noor, which was taken from Shah Shuja-ul-Mulk by Maharajah Ranjit Singh shall be surrendered by the Maharajah of Lahore to the Queen of England.

John Lawrence, the colonial administrator, put it in his waistcoat pocket and forgot about it. When asked for the prize, Lawrence had no idea where it was. Racing home, he asked his servant- who said, yes, he had found a small box, containing a piece of glass in his master’s waistcoat!

After gaining the famous diamond, the Governor General, Lord Dalhousie immediately sent the Koh-i-noor to England after taking every care to ensure its safe passage over the land and the sea-routes.

On 6 April 1850 the Koh-i-noor left the shores of India on board of the HMS Medea. So shrouded in mystery was its departure that even the Captain of the Medea did not know the precious cargo his ship carried.

On 3rd July, the Koh-i-noor was formally handed over to Queen Victoria by Rothschild himself-- the owner of the East India Company in a private ceremony held in Buckingham Palace. The Koh-i-noor was removed from its mount and its weight, as calculated by the Queen's jeweler, was about 186 carats. It seems that the gem has been re-cut one more time before arriving to England and after Tavernier made the famous sketch of it.

When it was exhibited at the Crystal Palace, however, the public, used to “brilliant cuts” was disappointed by its “moghul - style” cut. The Queen along with others in the court decided that the brilliance of the diamond would be enhanced if it were refashioned into a brilliant cut. 

The re-cutting of the Koh-i-noor took a mere 38 days and cost of £8000; the final result was an oval brilliant weighing 108.93 carat.  Despite the efforts, the results were most unfortunate, for it reduced the diamond drastically in weight, depriving it of all its historical and mineralogical value. The Koh-i-noor diamond, however, lost none of its original mystique.

In 1992 a new HM Stationary Office publication on the British Crown Jewels and regalia gave the revised weight of 105.602 carat for the Koh-i-noor and not the 108.93-carat figure previously published. The stone was found to measure 36.00 × 31.90 × 13.04 mm and it is set in the Maltese Cross at the front of the crown made for Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother.

Elizabeth ( present queen’s Elizabeth II’s mother ) was very shrewd and managed all affairs with an iron will. She got the great Kohinoor diamond stolen from India for her own crown , and was most of the time sozzled on leg bucklin' ZAZA ( this is 30% gin and 70% dubonnet --neat-- with a slice of lime ).

By the way Lord Krishna called Kohinoor diamond Syamantakam, and could be worn only by Gods or women with harmony .

LITTLE DO THE BRITISH REALIZE THAT THEIR GREAT EMPIRE WENT INTO DECLINE AND THE MENTAL ACUITY OF THEIR PEOPLE ERODED ( MAD COW ) AS A RESULT OF THE CURSE OF THE SYAMANTAKAM. .



Such great stones cannot be mined but are found on riverbeds in their natural state. 6100 years ago a slave stole it from Lord Krishna when he was sleeping. Krishna got it as a dowry from Jambawan, his father-in-law.

INDIA WAS THE ONLY SOURCE OF DIAMONDS IN THE WORLD TILL ABOUT 150 YEARS BACK.



Today, the Koh-i-noor is kept with other precious objects of the British Crown in a round display case in the basement of the "Jewel House," of the Tower of London.

Now something about Babur’s eunuchs.

Most of his slaves were were eunuchs. He had a harem with more than an thousand attractive women, he captured . He also captured thousands of good looking boys and castrated them, which made them eunuchs.
Eunuchs were the guards and guardians of the harem. 

They also served the women in the harem .  Their cadre was hierarchical. Senior eunuchs were known as Nazirs and Khwaja Saras. Each one of them had a number of junior eunuchs under him.

Each new sultan - and they came to power, wanted his own set of slaves, and destroyed those of the earlier king.  The also has to keep a hwak’s eye on the activities of the women, to check even if they did mental copulation with any  real man.

But these eunuchs guarded the secrets of their own mistresses. They smuggled men, drugs and wines for them into the harem.  In exchange for such delicate and risky services the eunuchs could get from them “whatever they desired”, for they could blackmail their client ladies.  

In return the sex-starved women of the harem allowed the eunuchs to enjoy them according to his ability .  HMMM !


Once a man was made eunuch, his sensibility for manhood was dwarfed, his spirit of assertiveness destroyed, and he was perforce turned into a loyal and devoted slave; it did not matter to the master if his loyalty and devotion were fruits of compulsion.  

So the practice of making eunuchs went on and on under Muslim rule.  Some gay Muslim kings did NOT want women and wanted eunuchs to service them. 

It was Aurangazeb who stopped this evil practice of castrating boys.

Now about the amazing Taj Mahal. ( the interior is strange , neglected and bricked up ) 


When visitors enter the Taj mahal they are allowed to enter a very small part of the whole structure. It is a Muslim Queen's ( Shah Jahan's wife ) grave.  But before that it was a majestic Rajput palace, amde with Rajasthan marble.

Check out some pictures-- and what ever you feel,  keep it to yourself. 

Below, a well to sink treasures in case of attack. 



Bricked up rooms, inside the Taj mahal.  What is the need for so many large rooms in a grave mausoleum?


.










Escape routes , below




The motifs below is NOT Islamic but Hindu.




Islam has NOTHING to do with a Hindu Kalash ( coconut ) -- a spire which is on top of the dome 









The creepers and Lotus ( centre )  is a Hindu motif



This OM is on marble!




What is the need for a mausoleum , to have hundreds of bricked up rooms in seven stories, with dozens of toilets? 

Why is a Islamic mausoleum facing South?  



Below Barabar caves India. The entrance arch style is NOT Afghan, Turkish or Mughal -- it is pure Indian. Never mind what history bandit E.M.Forster says in his book "A Passage to India" that this cave was dug in 300 BC . This cave is mentioned in Mahabharata of 4000 BC—as Gorathgiri caves.  Maharishis meditated in this cave.
********************************************************************
EMBEDDED JOURNALISM , IMMORAL AND FALSE PROPAGANDA BY TRAINED PROFESSIONAL LIARS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


DEATH OF ETHICAL JOURNALISM ,  CHEER LEADERS OF WAR ,   PROPAGANDA ARM OF MILITARY MACHINES ,  JULIAN ASSANGE , WIKI  LEAKS ,  DIABOLICAL REPORTER SPIN DOCTORS WITH MILITARY CONTRACTS ,  VULGAR MANIPULATION OF REALITY  BY JOURNALISTS,  TRUTH THE FIRST CASUALITY IN MODERN WAR ,  COWBOYS AND RIDING POSSE WHO DECIMATE SELF CREATED OUTLAWS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





FIRST THINGS FIRST-- CHECK OUT THE VIDEO BELOW TO SEE HOW THE MEDIA HAVE BECOME WHORES,  FOR BIG BROTHER.




During the Iraq war, US soldiers took a band of Kuwaitis and "their type" of local civilians , and pulled down the statue of Saddam Hussian in Firdos square of Baghdad. 



And then their stooges started kicking , beating with shoes and spitting on the statue.  This visual was shown on CNN every 4 minutes 23 seconds on an average-- indicating that the war was over.  Later it was revealed by long range still that there were only 184 souls there in the HUGE square, out of which quite a few were embedded reporters.



What is interesting is Saddam's information minister would not come on TV anymore with his pep speech--as a quid pro quo. ( this minister was NOT punished like the rest ).  



EMBEDDED JOURNALISTS reported how cheering and clapping Iraqis danced on the streets of Baghdad -- all lies of the first order.   

Most of these cheering videos were already taken in friendly Arab countries, by US military using local Arabs dressed up as Iraqis. This was witnessed by expatriate workers .   

The Iraqi war was won with a single "rigged " episode.





These propaganda videos and "embedded reporter " lies were aired on all Zionist held media , who hold TOTAL monopoly today.  


We become slaves the moment we hand over the keys to the definition of reality, entirely over to a single Zionist entity - who controls world news media , TV and Hollywood .





 And then in the Libyan war, a rebel with a “gold plated gun” saunters past, an “embedded reporter” .  We are supposed to believe that it is Gaddafi’s gun.  This means the lion’s den is compromised. How sweet!




Now I want you to watch some Iraqi "reality" videos. These are NOT stage managed lies.


These are NOT propaganda videos made like Hollywood films, where Chuck Norris type macho men in uniform cry  ‘GO, GO, GO’, with guns and blanks--  and the sound of terrific explosions. 

These videos show the naked truth.



The doctored videos were later perused by experts, and to their horror, they noticed that doctors and patients had been handcuffed to their beds.  

So was the " FAKE reality show" of the rescue of Private Jessica Lynch, with self inflicted bullet holes on doors and walls.   Jessica was neither stabbed nor shot-- she had just crashed her own Humvee and then fell unconscious. 





Initially she played along with the lies, and then when she got totally exposed,  confessed the shameful truth.  BRAVO!!




BLAH BLAH  -- front-page account in The Washington Post of April 3 about Pfc. Jessica Lynch: How she "fought fiercely and shot several enemy soldiers" after Iraqis ambushed her company, "firing her weapon until she ran out of ammunition," how she "continued firing at the Iraqis even after she sustained multiple gunshot wounds and watched several other soldiers in her unit die around her," how she was "fighting to the death," how "she did not want to be taken alive."


The “daring” assault had been carried out in a hospital swarming with Fedayeen, Saddam Hussein’s paramilitary martyrs brigade. Braving repeated fire, US Special Forces had retrieved private Jessica who was said to be suffering from stab and bullet wounds and who was being maltreated.  -- BLAH BLAH 


Some TV channels reported that Jessica Lynch had sustained some of her gun wounds whilst held captive as part of a brutal Saddam’s regime of interrogation. Such was the trauma suffered that US doctors said that darling Jessica had no recollection of the episode and probably never will. 

General Vincent Brooks, the US spokesman in Doha, declared, “ Our breave hearts put their lives on the line to make this happen, loyal to a creed that they know that they’ll never leave a fallen comrade.” SNIFF!



The truth was Jessica baby was treated with utmost kindness and care. She was assigned to the only specialist bed in the hospital, ( after unceremoniously shifting out a gravely wounded Iraqi ) and one of only two Iraqi nurses on the floor,  medical staff had even given blood to help her due to a shortage.




Iraqi Doctor Harith al-Houssona said that the medical staff had tried to help Lynch baby escape two days before the US snatch team arrived, placing her in an ambulance and instructing the Iraqi driver to take her to a US checkpoint. 




The driver had to retreat back to the hospital, however, when he came under heavy fire from American troops. The US counter charge is the SOB Iraqi driver demanded 10,000 US dollars bribe, for giving information about Jessica --while she actually was inside the ambulance..




Then the Iraqi military offered to free her, because she was a woman.  But news of this Iraq humanity and magnanimity would have damaged US propaganda credibility,  and so it went into deaf ears.

Welcome to the disgraceful world of Zionist media reporting!!

What Indians must know is that our major news media ( Newspapers/ TV ) are also Zionist owned-- and the Indian ownership is mostly a small percentage and BENAMI. . 




A few vernacular ones like KTV where they show their rival Chief Jayalalita dancing with founder MGR in Tamil movies ( 4 decades ago ) are exempted from this generalization.

It was only then, that Americans and the world realized that all this Rambo type Hollywood action movie stunts with jumping , crouching , “follow me “ shouts ,  breaking down doors with one single kick etc was all a VULGAR and IMMORAL lie . 

Whither honor? 

















Have you read between the lines of the US Presidential debate? Both Obama and Mitt Romney were desperate to declare, who prays more for Israel -- and who will be the first to have "daylight" between the tight USA/ Israel embrace.  Such is the power of AIPAC, the US Central banking cartel and the Zionist monopolised media and TV !

And the percentage of Jews in USA is hardly 2%.    Is the balance 98% stupid ? 


Embedded reporters and journalists have lost all credibility. Today NO honest and self respecting journalist is willing to describe himself as 'embedded.'  To say that , it shows automatically,  that he is a PIMP of the first order , and a man without morals and ethics. 



None of the embedded reporters reported the genocide-- nay war crime , on HIGHWAY 80.

In compliance with UN Resolution 660, Iraqi forces began their withdrawal from Kuwait on February 26, 1991.  Saddam Hussein proactively announced this on Baghdad radio the same day and eye witnesses in Kuwait confirmed that Iraqi forces were leaving that afternoon. 



White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater declared that US forces would NOT attack the Iraqi forces in retreat, as they were doing so in compliance with UN resolution 660 of 2nd Aug 1990 .   

Saddam Hussain made the mistake of trusting President Bush and AIPAC controlled agency UN , and did NOT take any hostages from Kuwait with him.

When Saddam Hussain's elite troops were withdrawing from Kuwait, with a UN sponsored white flag --they bombed the first and last trucks of the 60 miles long convoy, effectively boxing them into a huge traffic jam , and making them sitting ducks -- and decimated them with Napalm, Phosphorus incendiary bombs, outlawed under 1977 Geneva protocol. 




They finished off the job from air and from land. Mechanized artillary units were in ambush overlooking from nearby hills. The whole job was quick and calculated, and apparently cannot be done without direct sanction from President Bush. 

A huge percentage of them were half alive, we are talking about several thousands, when waiting bulldozers ( tanks specially fitted with bulldozer blades ) operated by mercenaries shoved them into more than 50 huge ready made large ditches on the road side and covered them with sand.

60 long miles of double line convoy of 2100 trucks laden with soldiers who have wives and children. No clues! Deceit , most foul. Yes, from the champions of liberty and justice!



One pilot in tears on TV said, it was like shooting fish in a barrel. Later, all those involved in this cowardly operation developed psychological problems. 

For 60 miles every vehicle was strafed or bombed, every windshield lay shattered, every tank was burned, every truck was riddled with shell holes. 

Soldiers crying out in pain--some running helter-skelter , with own bodies burning. 

A MAD KILLING FIELD OF UN-BELIEVABLE DIMENSION.



General Schwarzkopf smugly estimated that 100,000 Iraqi soldiers had been eliminated. The sheer amount of explosive tonnage dropped over Iraq exposes the bull of surgical strikes. 

Air Force General McPeak, Air Force commanding general, proudly proclaimed, “Probably the first time in history that a field army has been defeated by air power,”.





Bush would declare later that he is proud of the high ethical integrity of his military, while the entire world was in utter shock and disbelief over the blood-curdling evidence of a huge war crime on Iraqi Highway 80,  worse than anything Hitler ever did ( supposed to have done actually- for this is the truth exposing Internet age ).

This is NOT the first time such a BREACH OF TRUST and breach of Geneva convention is happening. It happens every time a joint USA / ISRAEL venture takes place.

Punch into Google search GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST- VADAKAYIL.




As a direct consequence of the foul and cowardly Anglo-American led invasion, a million Iraqis have died. This figure from Opinion Research Business is based on peer-reviewed research led by Johns Hopkins University in Washington . This figure ( unlike the trumped up 6 million figure )  is rarely reported or presented to “charming” and “savvy” American generals rolling their  Rs’ .  Neither is the dispossession of four million Iraqis, the malnourishment of most Iraqi children, the epidemic of mental illness and the poisoning of the environment.



"Goebbels said the bigger the lie, the more people will believe it” . 

America uses this as a policy. The Zionist held media is amazingly conformist and IN BED with the military and the vested politicians .  We are living in an age of spin. 



A key event in generating momentum for the first U.S. War on Iraq, “Operation Desert Storm” was a fraudulent report of the murder of Kuwaiti babies by Iraqi soldiers. On October 10, 1990, the U.S. Congressional Human Rights Caucus held a hearing on the subject of Iraqi human rights violations. 





The centerpiece of the event was the emotional testimony of a 15-year-old Kuwaiti girl, known only by her first name, Nayirah.  Her full name was supposedly being kept secret to protect her from Iraqi reprisals. The girl relayed a shocking story while sobbing uncontrollably .

" I volunteered at the al-Addan hospital. While I was there, I saw the Iraqi soldiers come into the hospital with guns, and go into the room where . . . babies were in incubators. They took the babies out of the incubators, took the incubators, and left the babies on the cold floor to die."



Above the lying girl -- lying through her teeth!!  even a idiot can see from her body language that she is faking it.


The massacre never occurred. The lying girl Nayirah's last name was al-Ṣabaḥ and she was actually the daughter of Saud bin Nasir Al-Sabah, the Kuwaiti ambassador to the United States. She was coached by the US public relations firm "Hill and Knowlton" to give persuasive false testimony. And she turned out to be terrific actress on debut.


For good measure,  CNN's Nic Robertson, in the ramp up to Junior Bush's Iraq invasion, ran a story about evil Saddam Hussein testing poison gas on dogs, complete with an unsourced video of dogs dying inside cages. The tale turned out to be a complete fabrication.



In 1921, the famous American journalist Walter Lippmann said that the art of democracy requires what he called the “manufacture of consent.”  This phrase is an Orwellian euphemism for thought control.  The idea is that in a state such as the U.S. where the government can’t control the people by force, it had better control what they think.  … Propaganda is to democracy what bludgeon violence is to totalitarianism.




The business of the journalists is to destroy the truth, to lie outright, to pervert, to vilify, to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell his country and his race for his daily bread. We are the tools and vassals of rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual prostitutes.” – “John Swinton, Chief of Staff New York Times at New York Press Club, 1953″




This is the naked truth about most modern journalism. When they first become a career media worker they start off with some values . Soon they start climbing the ladder, and then they prostitute themselves. It’s as common as it’s straightforward.  





When you start off your play with a big ball—like a football , as your climb higher your balls get smaller , to a tennis ball size. When you reach the top level and your balls get really small like a golf ball. You become a stooge.

On the ship which I command, I do NOT allow a camera when disaster strikes. The camera has the tendency to make men out of mice and mice out of men. This is one times we our people to be true to themselves, without playing to the gallery. When you play to the gallery , when s#it hits the fan on a Chemical tanker, lives get lost.



Embedded journalism is all about selected and “ trained to lie “ news reporters being attached to military units involved in armed conflicts.  It first came to be used in the media coverage of the 2003 invasion of Iraq.  

At the start of the war in March 2003, as more than 700 reporters and photographers ( official count –actual were much more ) were traveling as embedded journalists. These reporters signed contracts with the US and British military . The stage was set to mislead and misinform the world during their war against Iraq — aided by these compliant “embedded” journalists.   





When asked why the military decided to embed journalists with the troops, Lt. Col. Rick Long of the U.S. Marine Corps replied, "Frankly, our job is to win the war. Part of that is information warfare. So we are going to attempt to dominate the information environment." So it is about the US military wanting to get their own lies and black propaganda told.



As one US embedded reporter said “ We were a propaganda arm of the US government.  At the start the censors enforced that,  but by the end we were our own censors. We were the cheerleaders of a immoral and brutal war”.

There is NIL ethics in embedded journalism .  It is just a lame propaganda campaign and an effort to keep reporters away from civilian populations .  They want only “their type” of reporters who are sympathetic to invading the forces and prepared to lie and toe the line. It is a media circus.





Most of the embedded reporters were just plain scared of losing their jobs and being black balled for ever, for they could ill afford to take on the US military and the US government simultaneously. The traitor label is hard to erase , one it is stuck on you by a vindictive force. They submitted like prostitutes and converted themselves into stenographers instead of journalists. Feelings of camaraderie always affect a journalist's ability to be independent and objective.

It is high time every journalist is made to take an oath like how a doctor takes a Hippocratic oath. The Hippocratic Oath is an oath historically taken by doctors and physicians, swearing to practice medicine ethically and honestly.



Walter Rogers, from CNN, told that some of his colleagues had taken to wearing US military uniform, which they are NOT allowed to do.  Some journalists even found themselves actively helping in the practical military effort. 


They had little choice-who want to be DIS-embedded in the middle of a desert war. The embedded reporter cannot report the truth. Do you thing he could report a war crime?. He could get eliminated in "friendly fire". Ten journalists died in friendly fire. If an embedded journalist was to report unfavorably on coalition forces they were accompanying they would not get any cooperation. This means he had to report bravery and never cowardice—if he wanted to survive.



US military spokesman, Jim Wilkinson was blunt on his attitude to the “unilaterals” ( the ethical guys). “They were a pain in our rear a lot of times,” Wilkinson told a documentary. The “real superstars of this war were those media journalists who were embeds,” Wilkinson went on, boasting in a blunt manner , “General Franks signs my cheque and I make news based on his terms.”

Michael Wolff, from New York magazine,  learnt the hard way when he asked Wilkinson some inconvenient questions  during a press briefing.  He snarled “ this is war, you a$$hole’. Don’t fu#k around with things you don’t understand ’. And then finally it was; ‘no more questions for you, why don’t you just fu#kin’ go home?’


“Where the embeds stuff were not enough, the US military would simply write their own imaginary reports, or shoot and edit their own films, and distribute it to news channels that would lap it up. Or they would simply lie”  said one ex-embedded reporter. Those who are capable of tyranny are capable of perjury to sustain it.



In any case these embedded reports were piece meal reports like the seven blind men of Hindoostan who touched various parts of the elephant , and came up with their own stories without comprehending the big picture. None of them had the ability to pull back the lens, and go from microscope to telescope.

Propaganda is as powerful as heroin, as it surreptitiously dissolves all capacity to think. All strategies at the White House and Pentagon seem designed for more public relations and propaganda in future wars. The government wants to keep wars short, and unseen (using drones ) lest the public will to fight withers, as it did in Vietnam.




Cognitive scientists have found that the human brain works with frames and metaphors. Frames are in the synapses of our brains, in our neural circuitry. We don't think about facts; the mind switches to the way those facts are framed. Thus, framing the issue becomes all powerful in influencing our thought about it.  Frames once entrenched are hard to dispel.

Metaphors were used by the U.S. military to frame the issues of American foreign policy in the Iraq War. One is to frame a nation as a person to justify a war against his people.  In the case of Iraq, the evil person was Saddam Hussein.  That individual becomes demonized in all the government's references. 

Check out the demonization of Ahmadinejad. Assad, Gaddafi, Hitler, Stalin, Castro, Ho Chi Minh, Milosevic  etc . The metaphor becomes part of an elaborate system of deceit. There will be friendly nations, hostile nations, rogue states, evil axis, our allies, and so forth.



In the "nation as person" metaphor, narratives assume a classic fairy-tale structure. The "self-defense story" and the "rescue story."  The story always has a John Wayne type all American hero leading a riding posse , a heinous crime, and a evil outlaw. The villain is inherently evil and irrational. If the hero can't reason with the irrational villain, he has to decimate him—to sustain his and his allies way of life.

The self-defense story worked well in the Persian Gulf War. President George Bush claimed that evil Saddam with WMD was threatening our oil supply, our way of life.  Then the "rape of virgin maiden Kuwait,"  led to the rescue story. 



The self-defense story focused on Saddam's connection to Al Qaeda and terrorism, or the oft-proclaimed Weapons of Mass Destruction. The rescue story focused on saving the Iraqi people and bringing democracy and enduring freedom to the region.

As the Iraq war progressed and Weapons of Mass Destruction were not seen anywhere, the bullshit story line shifted from defense to emphasize rescue.  The briefings at Central Command were used day after day during the fighting to report abuses by Saddam and his evil government, with chemical weapons.  



(Remember, Gaddafi was reported to have distributed thousands of Viagra tablets to his horny troops, to make their hornier beats , to rape them poor virgin gals ) .

One theme was that Saddam's militias wore civilian clothes to ambush U.S. soldiers. Another was that the Iraq army was shooting civilians and terrorizing Iraqis to fight against their will. ( this is what is happening in Syria now ). 

Bush used the term "crusade" in his post 9/11 speech in which he vowed to avenge the acts of terrorism and issued a warning to the "axis of evil."   His military briefers continually blamed "Saddam's Fedayeen."  A few days later, however, they stopped using "Fedayeen" because they learned in Arabic it means one who martyrs himself for a cause, a positive connotation, to get the key to paradise.  So they started calling the Iraqis terrorists and death squads.



Documents were forged to show that Saddam Hussain was secretly importing uranium from Niger to Iraq.   Stooges in  the U.N. inspection team arranged for dozens of unverified and unverifiable intelligence reports and tips - data known as inactionable intelligence - to be funneled to M16 operatives and quietly passed along to major Zionist held  newspapers. 


America was reeling in the aftermath of 9/11, but anyone who focuses on intelligence in looking at foreign policy issues knew that Iraq didn’t have a dang thing to do with those heinous terrorist attacks on the twin towers. The general public was in a state of fear and the Bush Administration seizing upon that opportunity forced through Congress the purposefully vague Authorization for the Use of Military Force (AUMF) as well as the arguably prime facie unconstitutional Patriot Act. 



The CIA reported in 2001 that the documents were forgeries – and that there was no evidence of Iraq attempting to obtain Uranium . Still, George W. Bush continued to use this discredited evidence in 2002 and 2003 as he beat the drums for war, despite knowing the information he was disseminating was false.Hey, how about the unfinished family business where papa Bush was threatened by Saddam , pissing of son Bush.

Then of course Saddam had WMD - nuclear, chemical, biological—the whole works!

As it had done in the Gulf War, the U.S. and U.K. governments rained down from the air tens of millions of Arabic language leaflets urging the Iraqis to abandon Saddam Hussein, or to lay down their arms, or telling them how to surrender, or where to tune into radio broadcasts from America.




When victorious troops rolled into Kuwait City at the end of the first war in the Persian Gulf, they were greeted by hundreds of Kuwaitis waving small American flags. The scene, flashed around the world on television screens, sent the message that U.S. Marines were being welcomed in Kuwait as liberating heroes. 

Only a stupid moron will believe that all this is not a stage managed drama. How were the people of Kuwait City, after being held hostage for seven long and painful months, able to get their mangy hands on American flags?  Oh , I see, they were air dropped in a big bag.




Amnesty International has made hollow sounds that the US bombing raid that destroyed Iraq’s civilian television studios may constitute a “war crime,” said one cannot kill civilian media workers and bomb a civilian media facility “simply because it is being used for the purposes of propaganda.”

Human Rights Watch also made hollow sounds and questioned the legality of the attack under international law. The International Federation of Journalists, representing 500,000 journalists worldwide, argued that the attack may have violated the Geneva Convention on warfare. 



Iraqi TV  may have been biased, while US TV may have been tellin’ the gospel truth, yet it was still not a military target. 

By legitimizing the killing of journalists because of what they are reporting, the US has put all journalists in the world at risk of similar assassination. And this is not the first such American attack, for Bill Clinton ordered a similar bombing of Yugoslavian TV in Belgrade during the Kosovo War.  US attacked the offices of Al-Jazeera in Kabul in 2001 and Baghdad in 2003.




Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon cited Clinton’s attack in Belgrade as the precedent when he ordered his troops to attack civilian media facilities in Palestinian territory.  



Self award conferring CNN ( whose credibility is at rock bottom ), went as far as to justify and editorialize that such a bombing “will take away a very important tool from the Iraqi leadership – that of showing their face, getting their message out to the Iraqi people, and really telling them that they are still in control.” 





Matt Frei  the BBC’s man in Washington, declared to the world soon after the invasion. “There is not doubt that the desire to bring good, to bring American values to the rest of the world,  and especially now in the Middle East,  is especially tied up with American military power.”

SNIFF!

In 2005 the same reporter lauded the architect of the invasion, Paul Wolfowitz, as someone who “believes passionately in the power of democracy and grassroots development.”  


In Iraq, the American-enforced embargo that ran through the 1990s like a medieval siege, and killed,  according to the United Nations Children’s fund, half a million children under the age of five. In Iraq, banned weapons were used against civilians as deliberate experiments. 



The systematic brutality, the widespread atrocities, the ruthless suppression of independent thought in Stalinist Russia were well known and tom tommed in the West,  while American state war crimes and terrorist acts were merely superficially recorded, let alone, documented. Across the world the extinction and suffering of countless human beings could be attributed  to rampant bulldozing American power. 



It is written on every US dollar bill IN GOD WE TRUST.  

Or is it --  IN GREED WE TRUST?

During the 1990s Bill Clinton rained bombs on Iraq in what were euphemistically called the “no fly zones.” None of this carnage was reported in the Zionist held mainstream media.  A study published by the US Johns Hopkins School of Public Health found that since the invasion of Iraq 655, 000 Iraqis had died as a direct result of the invasion.







As a result of the war, 740,000 Iraqi women have been made widows and 4.5 million people forced from their homes. Hardly any of this is reported on Zionist monopolized TV and media.  How many of you know about the destruction of the Iraqi city of Fallujah, where thousands were killed, over 70 percent of houses destroyed and white phosphorus bombs used against civilians (a fact denied for months by US officials).



I do hope Yanks still remember who created Saddam Hussain.  


And how he was hoodwinked into attacking rich Kuwait, who stole Iraqi oil by slant drilling—all done by a US oil company. 




Today hardly anybody remembers that the CIA created a monster by the name of  Osama Bin Laden . 





In the movie Rambo , after decimating the Soviet army in Afghanistan, our hero Stallone is seen riding away into the sunset with Osama and Taliban party behind him. 



They conveniently develop selective amnesia , that the Clinton administration had secretly backed the Taliban, even giving them high-level briefings at the CIA . This  is virtually unknown in the United States. The Taliban were secret partners with the oil giant Unocal in building an oil pipeline across Afghanistan.



Hamas is described repeatedly as sworn to the destruction of Israel. The New York Times, the Associated Press, the Boston Globe-take your pick. They all use this line as a standard disclaimer, and it is false. That Hamas has called for a ten-year ceasefire is almost never reported. 



There is a pioneering study by Glasgow University on the reporting of Palestine. They interviewed young people who watch TV news in Britain. More than 90 % of ignorant Yanks believe that the illegal settlers were Palestinian. While actually almost all of the current Israeli Jews are NOT Judeans , they are from Khazar area near Georgia.

Obama writes that while he wants the troops home, “We must not rule out military force against long-standing adversaries such as Iran and Syria.” 





Listen to some more brilliant pearls from the liberal Obama: “At moment of great peril in the past century our leaders ensured that America, by deed and by example, led and lifted the world, that we stood and fought for the freedom sought by billions of people beyond their borders.”  

SNIFF!


Embedded journalists have been engaged consistently in misleading rhetoric, and skewed portrayals. Pentagon propaganda was parroted by the “supposed to be free” US media.  For after all it is public opinion that wins wars. Critical ommisions and cherry picking were done by these embedded reporters. They churned out fake and photoshopped pictures, to prey on raw human emotions..



These embedded reporters needed a licence , with expiry date , to report—otherwise you are NOT good enough to rub shoulders with the US army in a truck. You must be a pathological liar, and even be able to beat a lie detector machine, if so required.. This is like giving a truck driving license to someone who will kill maximum people on the streets –to ensure driving dominance .



Embedded reporters did NOT have a free run. Every report they made were censored closely, so that they could be DIS-embedded if they were NOT "their type" of reporter. No pictures of Iraqi civilian causalities were ever released--do you know  why?

hold your breath--

-- SO THAT THE WOMEN AND CHILDREN BACK HOME IN USA WOULD NOT BE TRAUMATIZED.

it is OK, if thousands of Iraqi children were killed in a most gruesome manner--but a Yank white Catholic child or a Jewish child in America must NOT get traumatized..

This is like a goon smashing you nose into pulp and then taking you to court because the goon's daughter got traumatized.

How well Bush justified the need for IMMINENT war. 



He read out what his AIPAC speech writers wrote for him  “ Our friends and allies shall not be at the mercy of an outlaw regime---- The US of A will meet this threat with full force our army, navy and airforce in their country , rather than face it with doctors, nurses and firefighters  on our streets and at our door steps ---- It is up to the EYEraaqis to prove that they aint hiding WMD ---  Absence of incriminating evidence is itself incriminating --- Iraq will acquire Nuclear weapons pretty soon--- Either you are for us or against us--- Saddam kicked UN inspectors out ( actually they went there to paint the targets for future smart cruise missiles)  “



The effort was named “Operation Iraqi freedom”.   By killing women and children in a cowardly manner?




It is most unfortunate that gruesome bloody wars are being treated as entertainment, back home in USA .  What is all this deliberate blurring of lines between war news and entertainment, and this vulgar “showbizification of the news”.   Why are reporters being bed fellows of the army?  



Embedded journalists are brain washed to see only one side of the coin. What type of ethics is this, when journalists BLIND TO HUMAN SUFFERING are made mouthpieces for war propaganda ?



Has the greed for TRP and demand for profits killed our human spirit? Why does Vatican keep quiet?  Does UN exists only to protect the interests of AIPAC?




In his second inauguration address, President Bush pledged to "bring democracy to the world”.  His speech written by AIPAC speech writer , lasted 23 minutes. He mentioned the words "democracy" and "liberty" 21 times.  The world did NOT get fooled . They just recoiled in disgust, understanding quite well what the United States meant by "democracy" and "liberty".





When Arnett reported the truth about US bombing of baby milk powder factories  , White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater claimed was "a production facility for biological weapons". When Arnett reported death of more than 400 Iraqis by two precision-guided missiles on a civilian air-raid shelter in the Amariya district of Baghdad with women, children and old men packed inside, 





Fitzwater called him a lair.  He was denounced in US congress as "the Joseph Goebbels of Saddam Hussein's Hitler-like regime  "  



Julain Assange when asked how WikiLeaks dealt with the draconian secrecy laws for which Britain is famous. "Well," he said, "when we look at the Official Secrets Act labelled documents, we see a statement that it is an offence to retain the information and it is an offence to destroy the information, so the only possible outcome is that we have to publish the information." 




These are extraordinary times.



Below picture is an old Iraqi war picture, available on the Internet, now being used to paint  Syria black .



So much for the evil nexus between 'Coca-colonialism' and U.S. 'McDomination. The least you talk about it the better.





Of The Horrors Of War

headless bodies
burned flesh
a wedding band
a hand that belonged to a father
torn of the body
a memory of a different past

headless bodies
a lonely head in a green field
eyes wide open
see how they used to love

mountains of starved children
shiny bones
burning flesh
these are images we should
put in a frame
mount them in our homes
so we never forget
the true horror of war



Once the Iraqi war started, wedges were driven between Sunnis/ Shias/ Kurds/ Sufis -- by bomb blasts and false reporting by Christian and Jewish reporters-- assuming fake Muslim names.





“I am not bound to win, but I am bound to be true. I am not bound to succeed, but I am bound to live up to what light I have.” ― Abraham Lincoln



Grace and peace! ( the negativity would have damaged your DNA-- put on head phones --for catharsis ) 
********************************************************************
EVM , ELECTRONIC VOTING MACHINES , HACKING , ELECTORAL FRAUD IN INDIA - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


EVM MANIPULATION , MALICIOUS SOFTWARE ,  TAMPERING STORAGE OF CAST VOTES , COUNTING SPEED VERSUS MURDER OF DEMOCRACY , PRINTER PAPER TRAIL FOR VOTER CONFIDENCE , UPA VICTORY IN 2004 AND 2009 USING EVM IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Let me put a video for you.  Two of the MOST hated souls in India, are having a chat on NDTV---- 
a pro-Congress, pro-WTE ( waitress turned empress ) TV channel.

Is there any way, Robert Wadhera -nay- Vadra ( angrez hai na!) , ( the husband of Priyanka Gandhi and son-in-law of Sonia Gandhi ), can get elected to the Parliament in India ?

Yes, by an EVM !

For my foreign readers --  Robert is faster on the draw than SUDDEN, the cowboy of Oliver Strange western novels, who can shoot from his hip , faster than greased lightning.



He has made the FAAASTEST millions of dollars in India. 

You put his name in Wikipedia , and they will tell you about his shady business deals.



If you want to know who the woman in green shirt is , punch into Google search- INDIA'S WORST JOURNALIST BARKHA DUTT

Well , this is the pathetic state of Indian, our sold out media,  and our ruling politicians who love a Italian Queen Bee more than their motherland.

65 years ago, we had just broken the chains of slavery -- 800 years of slavery--first under the Muslim invaders and then under the White Christian invader. We were reduced from the richest nation of the planet to the poorest. 

Being a command of ships for past 3 decades, I do know a bit about electronic PLC and Microprocessors manipulation.


EXAMPLE AAA ) I remember , we installed a brand new membrane Nitrogen plant in the first drydock ( at Japan ), a new room mounted on top of the poop deck  . The Jap superintendents of the Jap owners , did their usual upstart rush-rush, and some critical steel welding was left aside to be done at sea, by the ship’s crew.

So the ship’s engineers did the electric arc-welding without use of return current cable, and the PLCs’ and microprocessors got corrupted.  Entire automation went for a toss—as this was team play between panels in Nitrogen room, bridge, ECR, CCR and Pump room entrance. .  The solution was to send a Jap makers engineer ( guarantee period ) half way across the world for repairs , and this would cost a fortune.


Instead a new street smart Captain by the name of Capt Vadakayil was sent.

I am NOT an electronics or computer engineer, but I do have the grey matter on how to take automation interlocks and sequential safe guards for a royal ride .  

So we managed to do the loading without going off hire.  After I finished a contract and went back to the ship after 9 months , they engineers were still cheating the system the same way I did so as NOT to go off hire ( I had kept a written account on how to do this ) .

I did NOT allow this to go on any further, and then a Jap service engineer came and did the repairs. Even he could NOT comprehend , how I managed to circumvent the automation.

I am sure many of my readers have NOT understood what I mean.



So let me put a second EXAMPLE BBB )

I sent to take over command of a Chemical tanker with Zinc tanks. The ship used to load Methy Tert Butyl Ether ( MTBE ) . Our inert gas system was IGG not clean Nitrogen plant. So after unloading MTBE at San Francisco, using smoky gas oil burnt IGG, we had to go to Jose Venezuela to load lab grade Methanol. The ship was on this run.  

At Panama canal, a British Tank Cleaning Suptd used to embark, to do the final cleaning and wall wash tests. This man was paid a fortune just to be on board for 3 days. He was sort of indispensable.

The wall wash tests used to be done electronically by Mass spectrometer , instead of using lab reagents for HC,and Chlorides. The lore on the ship was , that things happen like magic after this Limey comes from UK. Till then the tanks fail miserably in the wall wash. 

So after I  took over command ,  the Brit came on board. Our zinc tanks were clean already , and was good enough for Methanol but was failing on the spectrometer.  Jose also has a similar spectrometer donated by the French Charterers.

I gave instructions to the Chief Officer.  Once the Brit tank cleaning suptd comes on board, he must be watched every time he comes to the CCR near the spectrometer. If he fiddles around with it, I must be called down immediately. 

Sure enough Chief officer calls me . : Sir, he is fiddling around with the machine right now, he does NOT know that we are watching him”.


I immediately came down and caught him in the act , literally with his pants down “ Why are you fiddling around with the span and sensitivity adjustments?  I demand an explanation!.  You have just altered the Quadratic equation coding !. So this is how you make yourself indispensable –by shining at the expense of the poor ship staff ”.

His face and body language explained it all. He could just mumble an apology.

The tanks were clean, as they were all methanol sprayed with crew in gas suits with airline breathing 
apparatus  — it was just that the test was failing on the “doctored “ spectrometer. 



Let me give a third EXAMPLE CCC )

I had joined a Chemical tanker at load port Amsterdam , as a sailing Superintendent. 

The officers and crew were entirely European and Russian. I was to train the crew to do one set of operations - a standard loading , a standard discharge and a standard tank cleaning, do a CDI at load port and a oil major vetting at disport and then get off .  

After I left the ship after 6 weeks at the French disport , I remember being totally drained.   It is NOT easy to make people UNlearn wrong practices and then learn standard practices.  This is even though, the 4 senior officers we with me at the Head Office for 10 days of theoretical training.

So when I went to the CCR along with the CDI inspector, I saw two Dutch service engineers repairing the tank pressure systems. All 24 Stainless steel tanks when opened out and were at atmospheric pressure were showing all haywire pressures—some positive , some negative. 

So I asked them, how long they had been working on it. They said for about 4 hours—they had boarded as soon as the gangway was down. So I told them “ I am the Tech Superintendent .  You must stop your work, connect back whatever you have disconnected and leave the ship –  if there is breach of contract we will pay you ” .  


The Lithuanian Chief Engineer was a bit shocked. He asked me if I was a Navigator or an Engineer. The Dutch electronic service engineers were even more shocked.

After we sailed out I took the Chief Engineer and the Russian Electrical Officer on deck and showed them how to dissipate some static using a jumper wire between two terminals on a junction box on deck. 

Every tank had its own junction box with sensors and PCBs.  Much later Chief Engineer came to me totally amused.  All 24 tanks were showing correct readings— and all it took was a jumper wire.

WHAT MUST BE UNDERSTOOD IS THAT IN THIS YEAR 2012.   ALL THIS CAN BE DONE USING A REMOTE CONTROL.



So a few months ago, the US drone manufacturers were boasting that nobody can hijack their drones . They were made to eat dirt when a group of students , hacked  into  encrypted video the drones  transmitted to US military common bases on the ground.  Their Keylogger software  infected these systems. Then their hijack program captured  data from UAV surveillance missions, to take over control of the drones.

This is NO big deal .

We are talking about hacking stupid  EVMs’ which are the dirt in the finger nail of a professional hacker.



VERY SOON CHINA WILL START MASS PRODUCING HIGH TECH DRONES —AND USA WHO IS HAVING DRONE MONOPOLY (AND MISUSING THEM LIKE STATE TERRORISTS) ,  WILL SAY THAT DRONES ARE NO GOOD FOR HUMAN RIGHTS , (LIKE LAND MINES) AND BAN THEM OFFICIALLY USING UNO.




India uses roughly 1.4 million EVMs in 829,000 polling stations in a general election.

In 1984, the Supreme Court of India held that the use of electronic voting machines in elections was “illegal” as the Representation of People (RP) Act, 1951 did not permit use of voting machines in elections.  Later, the R.P. Act was amended in 1989 incorporating Section 61A.  



However, the amendment says voting machines “may be adopted in such constituency or constituencies as the Election Commission may, having regard to the circumstances of each case, specify.”  Violating the provisions of the R.P Act, the Election Commission has conducted 2004 and 2009 nationwide general elections only using electronic voting machines. 



This makes the Sonia Gandhi's ( UPA) election victory ( going by the 1984 judgment of the Supreme Court ) , of 2004 and 2009  illegal.



The electronic voting machines are safe and secure only if the source code used in the EVMs is genuine. Shockingly, the EVM manufacturers, the BEL and ECIL have shared the ‘top secret’ EVM software program with two foreign companies, Microchip (USA) and Renesas (Japan) to copy it onto microcontrollers used in EVMs. This process could have been done securely in-house by the Indian manufacturers. 

Several developed countries in the world rejected Electronic Voting Machines (EVMs) because they are difficult to secure, easily subject to manipulation and open to large scale fraud and pose a serious threat for free, fair and transparent elections in democratic societies. 

EVMs  are allowed in most states of the US only with a paper back up. Indian EVMs do not produce a paper trail, which is  a major drawback . 



Potential dangers of “vote fraud” and more importantly, lack of transparency and verifiability associated with them prompted ban or restrictions of their use. Developed nations like the United Kingdom, France, Japan , Italy, Germany, Holland and Singapore have so far stuck to voting on paper ballots, owing to their simplicity, and verifiability.

Voter confidence in the Indian democratic system is paramount!.  Are we short of man power in India by any means?

Sustaining a fair and free  democracy is more critical than saving election costs or any gain in efficiency.


Indian people want elections results that can be physically verified, with a paper trail. The Indian voter must have a way to know that his vote has indeed gone to the party he has voted for.  Otherwise EVM voting is unconstitutional .



For example The EVM voting in Ukraine was all rigged as per CIA.

Paper trail means , an EVMs should print a paper record of each vote. This paper must be deposited in a conventional ballot box. This ensures physical evidence and speedy results. A Voter Verified Paper Ballot (VVPB) provides an auditable way to assure voters that their ballots will be available to be counted. 

Without VVPB there is no way to independently audit the election results. A decision in favour of installing a printer would mean upgrading over 14 lakh EVMs used in elections. Provision of printed ballot papers would enable officials to recount the votes in case of any dispute between candidates when a narrow victory margin is involved.




Above Lynn and Evelyn Rothschilds in their Chennai NGO.

In the Netherlands, in 2006, licenses of 1,187 EVMs were withdrawn after citizen group `We do not trust voting machines` showed they could hack into EVMs in 5 minutes from up to 40 metres without the knowledge of voters or election officials. The nation will return to paper voting.” (Publication: ComputerWorld, Dt: 19-05-2008, Author: Andreas Udo de Haes)

When the Indian National Congress surpassed all projections and shocked the nation, to win 262 seats in 2009,  According  to  Dr. Subramanian Swamy, President of the Janata Party (24-8-2010) , the  Leader of Indian National Congress Mrs. Sonia Gandhi reportedly hired hackers to hack into election results of the electronic voting machines, which resulted in landslide victory of the Indian National Congress in the national elections in 2009. (Electronic Voting Machine: Excellent tool of manipulation- by News Desk, December 17, 2011-http://www.weeklyblitz.net/1993/electronic-voting-machine-excellent-tool)



Above: This video went viral in USA--fraudulent voting machine in Pennsylvania alters the vote from Obama to Romney

Voting is a fundamental right and this process is what  democracy is all about. There must be a way for a voter to cast a REJECT vote, where he rejects all the rotten eggs he has to choose from. If the REJECT votes win, the elections must be held again with fresh candidates.



The EVMs were devised and designed by Election Commission of India in collaboration with two Public Sector undertakings viz., Bharat Electronics Limited, Bangalore and Electronics Corporation of India Limited, Hyderabad. The EVMs are now manufactured by the above two undertakings.

EVMs were first used in 1982 in the by-election to North Paravur Assembly Constituency of Kerala for a limited number of polling stations (50 polling stations)

EVMs are powered by an ordinary 6 volt alkaline battery manufactured by Bharat Electronics Ltd., Bangalore and Electronic Corporation of India Ltd., Hyderabad. This design enables the use of EVMs throughout the country without interruptions because several parts of India do not have power supply and/or erratic power supply.

Currently, an EVM can record a maximum of 3840 votes, which is sufficient for a polling station as they typically have no more than 1400 voters assigned. Currently, an EVM can cater to a maximum of 64 candidates. There is provision for 16 candidates in a Balloting Unit. 



If the total number of candidates exceeds 16, a second Balloting Unit can be linked parallel to the first Balloting Unit and so on till a maximum of 4 units and 64 candidates. The conventional ballot paper/box method of polling is used if the number of candidates exceeds 64.

The EVMs cannot be pre-programmed to favour a party or a candidate because the order in which the name of a candidate/party appears on the balloting unit depends on the order of filing of nominations and validity of the candidature, this sequence cannot be predicted in advance. Further, the selection of EVMs for polling stations is randomized by computer selection preventing the advance knowledge of assignment of specific EVMs to polling stations.



The general process of EVM voting is as follows:

1. The voter checks in  with the voter’s ID  with poll workers .  The  polling personnel and the agents verify the name  and identify the voter .  They obtained signature or thumb print of the voter . To prevent double voting, they mark the voter’s right index finger with indelible ink

2. Next, a poll worker presses the BALLOT button on the control unit to allow one vote. This causes  a green READY light to glow on the ballot unit.

3. The voter enters the polling booth and presses the blue button for the candidate of his or her choice. A red light next to the candidate button glows, the ready light turns off, and the control unit emits a loud beep to indicate that the vote has been cast. The red light then turns off automatically. This process repeats for each voter.


4. At the end of the poll, the presiding officer removes a plastic cap on the control unit and presses the CLOSE button, which prevents the EVM from accepting further votes. The ballot unit is disconnected and the control unit is placed in storage until the public count, which may occur weeks later.

5. On the counting day, the control units are delivered to a counting centre. In public view, an election  official breaks a seal on the control unit and presses the RESULT button . The display on the control unit shows a sequence of outputs: the number of candidates, the total votes, and the number of votes received by each candidate.


6. The Counting officials manually record the totals from each machine and add them together to determine the results of the election. The machines are then placed in storage until the next election



EVM manipulations can be via hardware of software. As of 2012, Indian EVMs’ are solely dependent on importing the microchips used in them.  Computer-based voting machines can have software bugs or even election-rigging malicious software in them. The 2010 discovery of the Stuxnet cyberweapon, which used a thumb drive to attack Iran‘s nuclear facilities and spread among its computers, illustrated how one type of attack could work

Dr. Alex Halderman, professor of computer science in the University of Michigan says, “EVMs used in the West require software attacks as they are sophisticated voting machines and their hardware cannot be replaced cheaply. In contrast, the Indian EVMs can easily be replaced either in part or as wholesale units.” 

One crucial part that can be faked is microcontrollers used in the EVMs in which the software is copied. EVM manufacturers have greatly facilitated fraud by using generic microcontrollers rather than more secure ASIC or FPGA microcontrollers. Not just only microcontrollers, mother boards (cards which contain microcontrollers) and entire EVMs can be replaced. 



Neither the Election Commission nor the manufacturers have undertaken any hardware or software audit till date. As a result, such manipulation attempts would go undetected. To detect such fraud, the upgraded EVMs have a provision to interface with an Authentication Unit that would allow the manufacturers to verify whether the EVM being used in the election is the same that they have supplied to the Election Commission.

The EVM manufacturers developed an “Authentication Unit” engaging the services of SecureSpin, a Bangalore based software services firm. The Unit was developed and tested in 2006 but when the project was ready for implementation, the project was mysteriously shelved .


In normal operation, the EVM limits the rate of voting to no more than 5 per minute. However, Clip-on  device bypasses the software restrictions of the EVM, so an attacker is able to again forcibly take control of an EVM and stuff the electronic “ballot box” with any number of votes. These attacks are easy to perform, but they would be hard to detect or defend against.

Dishonest insiders or other criminals with physical access to the machines at any time before ballots are counted can insert malicious hardware that can steal votes for the lifetime of the machines. 




Any computer software is basically generated from software programming and coding. And all these soft wares could be tampered with by a computer programmer who knows the source code. Testing electronic voting systems for security problems, especially if they were intentionally introduced and concealed, is basically impossible. If malicious coding is inserted by programmers into commercial software that are triggered by obscure commands , the election results can change completely.


The votes that are cast using the electronic voting machines, are stored in a safe storage or space in the computer machine memory.  The time gap between election and the counting of votes is a risk to possible hacking and manipulation .   

An Indian AVM can be hacked by  just inserting a simple chip behind the display section of the control unit, which would go unnoticed. When the results button is pressed on the counting day and the results begin to flash on the display screen of the control unit, the Trojan in the inserted chip will get activated. 



Alex Halderman, a researcher at the University of Michigan, and a colleague at Princeton University hacked into a paperless touch-screen voting machine in 2010 and installed the video game Pac-Man. That lab exercise took three afternoons but did not break any tamper-proof seals and left no traces.

Similarly, he and Princeton researchers in 2006 demonstrated that if someone could get a few minutes’ unattended access to a paperless machine, that person could install a software virus that could spread to other machines and switch those machines’ votes before deleting all traces of itself.


In fact, Dr. Halderman quips, he has a paperless e-voting machine in his office now. It plays the University of Michigan fight song “on command because I hacked it,” .

Where is the intelligence in physically securing machines with seals? If a seal is broken, what can be done? Votes can be recounted only if the machines gave a printout.. Dont ever foregt that only electronic records can be changed.


For an election to be free and fair, then if the results are in doubt, the ballots can be checked and counted again by a different set of people/machines.  With EVMs, there is no mechanism to do a fresh count. The individual voter must be assured that the candidate he casts his vote for,  actually gets that vote.

In a video, Hari K.Prasad  ( Managing Director of NetIndia Group Of Companies), Prof J. Alex Halderman ( Electrical engineering and computer science at the University of Michigan  ) and Rop Gonggrijp demonstrate two kinds of attacks against a real Indian EVM.  One attack involves replacing a small part of the machine with a look-alike component that can be silently instructed to steal a percentage of the votes in favour of a chosen candidate. These instructions can be sent wirelessly from a mobile phone by SMS. 



Another attack uses a pocket-sized device to change the votes stored in the EVM between the election and the public counting session, which in India can be weeks later.   These attacks are neither complicated nor difficult to perform, but they would be hard to detect or defend against. The best way to prevent them is to count votes using paper ballots that voters can see.



See video above: The 2009 elections where Sonia Gandhi won , was a surprise to all Indians --check out the blue tooth technology in hijacking the EVM. 




Hari Prasad Vemuru, a jailed Indian e-voting researcher, is one of the four winners of the 2010 Pioneer Awards of San Francisco headquartered Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF), a leading civil liberties group.  

How do you like this? 

Instead of feeling happy that an Indian –an expert security researcher--  Hariprasad  Vemuru, revealed serious flaws in our EVMs’ , he was jailed by UPA.  Initially Prasad spent a year trying to convince the government , but they insisted that the Indian EVMs’ government-made machines were ‘perfect’ and ‘tamperproof '.

This is the pathetic state of India under WTE ( waitress turned empress ) rule. 

There is no security concern per se in procuring microcontrollers from foreign manufacturers as this is merely a piece of hardware. After procuring the microcontrollers from these manufacturers, the EVM manufacturers, namely the BEL and ECIL, could have fused program in the microcontrollers, as “One Time Programmable – Read Only Memory (OTP-ROM)” chips, in their own manufacturing premises. This would have ensured that the program in the microchips remained secure. 





But, what these manufacturers have done is punishable under Indian  law . 

They have shared the ‘top secret’ software program with these chip manufacturers so that they can fuse the source code permanently into the microcontrollers.

The parts needed to build the “alien electronics” for hacking the voting machine cost hardly a few thousand rupees. Remote controls ( to over write ballots ) with blue tooth can be operated from quite a distance away, in modern times. India spends a fortune to hold elections. 



To do ELECTRONIC VOTE MANIPULATION ( EVM ) – all it costs is a few rupees and a student who is electronics savvy. 

Hey, how about having Robert  Wadhera - nay- Vadra as our next  Prime Minister ? TEEE HEEEEEEEE !

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SNUFF MOVIES , FREEMASON BENJAMIN FRANKLIN , THE HELLFIRE CLUB , ADL- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
JEWISH ANTI DEFAMATION LEAGUE ,  BIZARRE FORBIDDEN PORN ,  SNUFF MOVIES ,  WEST WYCOMBE OCCULT TUNNELS ,  SKULLS AND HUMAN SKELETONS IN BENJAMIN FRANKLIN'S HOME -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


I must warn you that this post contains some gruesome stuff.  If you can handle gruesome truth, go ahead and read it.  It can make you aware, and you will be able to identify evil people and save yourself and your country.

Sidney Sheldon had written a novel BLOODLINE.  It is about the richest family on the planet  , only difference is that they are dealing in pharmaceuticals.

In the movie the sexual effort of one of these rich men, was to hire a young well endowed stud and a girl to have rough sexual intercourse , while he watches from the shadows alone.

At the end of the sexual session when the girl has an ORGASM and her body twitches and her toes curl, the man will snuff out her life by strangling her neck with a red ribbon.

By the time her orgasm is over, her soul has left her body--at the same time the silent watcher in the shadows will also ejaculate.

How many of you think that this is fiction?

Sorry, folks THIS IS FOR REAL. When you film this --this is called a SNUFF MOVIE.



This is what happens when you have too much money-- you still want more entertainment to fill of the void in your life. And then this branches out to bizarre.

I never knew, till one of my senior officers at sea told me about this 3 decades ago. He actually saw a snuff  movie , and initially he thought that this was just a fake movie.

Pedophiles prey the young all over the world . A lot of tourism in third world countries is pedophile tourism.  

And some of it is snuff tourism—where this is NOT filmed.  These rich criminals from the West pay a fortune to see this.

These evil people with warped DNA do not have a equilibrium or dynamic balance between their SPIRIT , MIND AND BODY.  Such people with compulsive thinking cannot even be in harmony with nature . They feel comfortable in dark places doing evil. They are NOT at peace with themselves and are never content with what they have. Their hearts are full of hate.

See the movie trailer of  "Snuff 102" below--




WOMEN AND CHILDREN BELOW THE AGE OF 18 ARE NOT ALLOWED TO WATCH THE VIDEO ABOVE--  WARNING EXTREME VIDEO


Snuff 102 is an Argentinean underground hardcore gore film directed by filmmaker Mariano Peralta. 

The film was premiered at the Mar del Plata International Film Festival in 2007, creating a furore among the audience.  

Most of the audience opined that this is NOT a movie with actors but a “ gruesome reality show”.

A young reporter begins to unravel the secrets of an underground myth… snuff films.  Soon she falls in a gruesome spiral of shocking images, not suited for the faint hearted.

“Snuff 102″, the term that is, refers to the written number used on the snuff movie tapes by the screen character who archives each film session. The subject of this session are 3 girls picked to be tortured and filmed.

The film plays out in back and forth narration between a young reporter interviewing a writer who reviews hardcore violent films.

It shows two other girls, a prostitute and a porn actor who are also eventually led a referral that unknowingly has led them to a snuff filming session.  In need of money, anxious for work these girls are referred to an actual snuff film maker who performs these vicious acts on camera for his viewing audience. 

The nosey reporter makes a mistake of digging through the subjects personal belonging while he’s distracted on a phone call uncovering some pretty gruesome pictures that involve the subject himself is in.

Three young girls are held against their will,  bonded, strapped and tied to chairs in a dark mangy room.  A masked man shows up that proceeds to torture and kill each one extremely violently on camera one at a time also heightening the experience for those left to watch. 

A camera films the whole event and the movie is kept somewhat surreal with darker contrast, enhanced green and red lighting and frequent change of camera angles and cuts. The cuts though provide the necessary sign to convince viewers ( not many were convinced ) that what we are seeing isn’t real at least from a viewer perspective.
  
The first lady, a pregnant woman is repeatedly punched in the face till her face is all bloated up. She is then thrown onto the ground and a masked man puts a plastic bag over head and  stomps on her face and suffocates her in unison.  Then each finger is cut off with  wire cutters . The man continues to stomp on her pregnancy swollen stomach the lady. 

The whole ordeal is unsettling and acid churning for any viewer . And the movie has just started.  The remaining two women  must watch and anticipate their sessions that is documented per a numbered tapes. 

The second woman victim goes through more gruesome  and perverted  acts which includes her teeth being chiseled out with a hammer and then being forced into oral sex and urinated on.  As you can read, this is far beyond what any civilized viewer can endure without throwing up.

There is a moral and a message that extends into the finale of the film that says something about the split human condition and our ability to reach within for extreme violence.  This takes what would be considered a torture film into the plot that increases tension as the 3rd lady (reporter) tries to escape with her life and do battle with the masked man.

The movie which appeared in the International film festival caused angry walkouts and a whirlwind of commotion in shocked and disgusted audiences. Even the trailer had to be removed.

The only apparent  cold comfort here at the end of the movie is knowing that what you just witnessed wasn’t real.  

But was it?

Dont ever think that these gruesome acts belong to this century. Debauchery started off with extreme power and wealth.

Enter the all American hero--Benjamin Franklin.  Not many yanks will know what I am about to reveal.





Unlike what is written in peer reviewed history, Benjamin Franklin was born to Jewish parents. Benjamin Franklin was born at Milk Street, in Boston, Massachusetts, on January 17, 1706


Not many Yanks are aware that Benjamin Franklin was the quintessential case of  "Running with the hares and hunting with the hounds " ( of Rothschild ).  Sometimes I wonder if I should tell them all this.


Benjamin Franklin made a big hue and cry that he vigorously opposed the 1765 Stamp Act ( supported by Rothschild ).  Secretly he installed his close friend to the post of stamp distributor for Pennsylvania. When the Pennsylvanian Yanks came to know about this double agent nonsense, they stormed his Benjamin's Philadelphia house and nearly set it on fire.   Showing great acuity, Benjamin Franklin quickly saved his skin, by giving a loud testimony in the House of Commons that Americans don’t like it, and the act was repealed.




The Stamp Act 1765 was a direct tax imposed by the British Parliament specifically on the colonies of British America. Like previous taxes, the stamp tax had to be paid in British currency, not in US colonial paper money. 

Punch into Google search DIRTY SECRETS OF BOSTON TEA PARTY- VADAKAYIL.


All are aware that the Rothschild dynasty fortune sky rocketed with Amschel Mayer Rothschild-- after he stole Tipu Sultan's gold.

Both his German Jew father ( Moses ) and grandfather ( Kalman ) were money lenders ( of Charles Dickens  SHYLOCK fame ) and were charterers of ships which came to India, and my hometown Calicut.

It is on record that Benjamin Franklin secretly contributed to the Mikveh Israel Jewish congregation in Philadelphia. Benjamin Franklin was a Slave owner and dealt in Opium too.  Yanks are told that he had just two slaves. Well what I say is that he was in the slave business. If I am Kentucky fried Chicken magnate that does NOT mean that my house will be full of chicken. 

After the death of his wife Deborah, Benjamin started consuming Opium which is highly addictive and started having a sexual romp. He had his propaganda machine giving unsolicited declarations that he consumed Opium to keep his Gout and Kidney stones under control. But all these diseases did NOT prevent him from his occult sexual enjoyments in the Hellfire club.


His Jewish mother was very concerned that he had joined the Freemasons, and strongly objected. In diplomatic double-talk he advised her not to worry about what she didn't know about.

"As to the Freemasons, unless she will believe me when I assure her that they are in general a very harmless sort of People; and have no principles or Practices that are inconsistent with Religion or good Manners, I know no Way of giving my Mother a better Opinion of them than she seems to have at present (since it is not allow'd that Women should be admitted into that secret Society)... I must entreat her to suspend Judgment till she is better inform'd,..."69 To paraphrase-- So Mom I can't tell you anything more, but don't judge until you're well informed about us".


He was a Past Grand Master of the Free mason’s lodge at Pennsylvania. During his stay in France, Benjamin Franklin was active as a freemason, serving as Grand Master of the Lodge Les Neuf Sœurs from 1779 until 1781. His lodge number was 24.  





Before the American War for Independence in 1776, the colonized part of what is today the United States of America was a possession of England.  It was called New England, and was made up of 13 colonies, which became the first 13 states of the great Republic.  

Why 13 – pray?  Why not 14?

Free Masons have a great penchant – nay—fetish for he unlucky for some number 13—and it is all over their dollar bills.  By the way Benjamin Franklin’s face is what you see on the 100 US dollar bill.








Franklin sought to cultivate his character by a plan of 13 virtues fit for a Free masons . His autobiography lists his 13 virtues as:  TEE HEEEEEEEE!

"Temperance. Eat not to dullness; drink not to elevation."
"Silence. Speak not but what may benefit others or yourself; avoid trifling conversation."
"Order. Let all your things have their places; let each part of your business have its time."
"Resolution. Resolve to perform what you ought; perform without fail what you resolve."
"Frugality. Make no expense but to do good to others or yourself; i.e., waste nothing."
"Industry. Lose no time; be always employ'd in something useful; cut off all unnecessary actions."
"Sincerity. Use no hurtful deceit; think innocently and justly, and, if you speak, speak accordingly."
"Justice. Wrong none by doing injuries, or omitting the benefits that are your duty."
"Moderation. Avoid extremes; forbear resenting injuries so much as you think they deserve."
"Cleanliness. Tolerate no uncleanliness in body, cloaths, or habitation."
"Tranquility. Be not disturbed at trifles, or at accidents common or unavoidable."
"Chastity. Rarely use venery but for health or offspring, never to dullness, weakness, or the injury of your own or another's peace or reputation."
"Humility. Imitate Jesus and Socrates."

During his stays at Craven Street between 1757 and 1775, it is well known Franklin developed a close relationship with Polly (Mary ) the daughter of the landlady, Margaret Stevenson and also and her wide circle of women friends.

In London, his house at 36 Craven Street  was first marked with a blue plaque and has since been opened to the public as the Benjamin Franklin House.  In 1998, workmen restoring the building dug up the remains of a baby, five children and four adults hidden below the home. 



The Times reported on February 11, 1998:
Initial estimates are that the bones are about 200 years old and were buried at the time Franklin was living in the house, which was his home from 1757 to 1762 and from 1764 to 1775. Most of the bones show signs of having been dissected, sawn or cut. One skull has been drilled with several holes.
                                                                           


Benjamin Frankin was the only soul to have  Two aircraft carriers, USS Franklin (CV-13) and USS Bon Homme Richard (CV-31)  simultaneously in commission and in operation during World War II.   



World war 2 was Rothschild’s war to carve out a state of Israel.




Gen Eisenhower , US President FD Roosevelt , Winston Churchill , Stalin –  all were Jews.


A signer of both the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution, Franklin is considered one of the Founding Fathers of the U.S. His pervasive influence in the early history of the United States has led to his being jocularly called "the only President of the United States who was never President of the United States. 




The very first US postage stamp ( 1847 ) has his face on it., as he had earned for himself the title of "The First American". He was one of the Committee of Five that drafted the US Declaration of Independence.

Counties in at least 16 U.S. States are named after Franklin. And so is the Bridge across the Delaware River between Philadelphia and Camden, New Jersey.

The Ben Franklin effect from the field of psychology  ( A person who has done someone a favor is more likely to do that person another favor than they would be if they had received a favor from that person  ( DUH! )


29 of the 51 signers of the US Declaration of Independence were loyal Americans. The other 22 were traitors secretly loyal to King George and Rothschild.  

Benjamin Franklin was one of these traitors – a double agent.  Of course today all these traitors as great US heroes and patriots. 

At that time, England was throwing into jail those who could not pay their debts.  There were too many beggars and vagabonds running around on the streets of England.  A lot of them were poor Indian Lascars ( sailors ) who were waiting for a passage back home to India.

Rothschild  asked Benjamin Franklin how he could explain the remarkable prosperity of the New England Colonies.

Franklin explained that in the US colonies they issue their own paper money, called ‘Colonial Scrip. They issue it in proper proportion to make the goods and pass easily from the producers to the consumers.  In this manner, creating ourselves our own paper money, we control its purchasing power and we have no interest to pay anyone else.

German Jew Rothschild got the idea.  He expanded on it with his financially savvy money lender brain.  




He immediately took the necessary steps to have the British Parliament to pass a law that prohibited the Colonies from using their scrip money, and then ordered them to use only the gold and silver money that was provided in sufficient quantity by the English bankers. 

Thus began in America the plague of debt-money, and poor Americans are still suffering from this scourge.—all thanks to a certain double agent Benjamin Franklin. 

The US Federal reserve is now owned by Rothschild and their banking cartel.

The first law was passed in 1751, and then completed by a more restrictive law in 1763.  Within a year after the implementation of this prohibition on Colonial money,  the streets of the US Colonies were filled with unemployed vagabonds and beggars,  just like in England, because there was not enough money to pay for the goods and work. 

The circulating medium of exchange had been reduced by half.

People in USA were pissed off.  This was the real reason for the American war of Independence—NOT the bullshit Boston Tea Party or the Stamp act as it has been taught again and again in US history books.  The Rothschild banking cartel  removed from all documents anything that  that can throw light on their own schemes, and damage the glow that protects their power.

Poor naïve gullible Hillbilly Americans!. 




American children are taught in school that any common man can become President of USA – like a black man Barack Obama.  Sorry dahlings, the inner Bilderberg Club controlled by Rothschild chooses both your Democrat and Republican candidates. The sweet story that the American public makes that choice, is a pipe dream .  

Every high ranking candidate, either democrat or republican, has to be a member of the elite class and has to agree to adhere to the whims and demands of the high contracting Banking cartel who runs the world economy and controls IMF and the World Bank and UN.


 Their Board of Directors operates on American soil under the protection of a “The Illuminati.”  You Americans have been indoctrinated through expert programming, conditioning, prejudice and patriotism, to treat information like this as ridiculous, absurd and untrue conspiracy theories..



The British John Bull thought he was fighting for Queen and country, while he was lining the greedy pockets of a German Jew. 

How many Brits know today that their own royalty has German blood? 



A perceptve English historian, John Twells, wrote, speaking of the money of the Colonies, the Colonial Script:

“It was the monetary system under which America’s Colonies flourished to such an extent that Edmund Burke was able to write about them: ‘Nothing in the history of the world resembles their progress. It was a sound and beneficial system, and its effects led to the happiness of the people.  In a bad hour, the British Parliament took away from America its representative money, forbade any further issue of bills of credit, these bills ceasing to be legal tender, and ordered that all taxes should be paid in coins. Consider now the consequences: this restriction of the medium of exchange paralyzed all the industrial energies of the people. Ruin took place in these once flourishing Colonies; most rigorous distress visited every family and every business, discontent became desperation, and reached a point, to use the words of Dr. Johnson, when human nature rises up and assets its rights.”

The loyal Founding Fathers of USA rejected the Rothschilds’ request for another 20-year banking charter.  In a fit of unbridled rage Mayer Amschel Rothschild commanded King George into fomenting war in the former colonies.  King George’s advisers began plotting on Rothschild’s behalf. They believed if they could:
Destroy the American symbol of government.

Eliminate specific signers of the Declaration of Independence ( Benjamin Franklin and George Washington are NOT in this list as they were loyal to Rothschild ) who were considered trouble makers and
Burn the actual “Declaration of Independence”

They would, through these acts of force and violence, take the fight out of the American colonists who would then succumb to their plans.

Push came to shove—and Issues between the colonists and England were gradually escalated until America became embroiled in a series of disputes with England.

The White House in Philadelphia was burned. Specific American Loyalists and their entire families were murdered and their remains burned in their homes.

After a series of battles and skirmishes the colonists returned to their trades. Once again the Continental Congress declared America victorious but it was not a long-lasting victory. The usurpation and British attempts to undermine the new nation continued unabated.  

In 1804, Alexander Hamilton, US finance minister and aristocrat, coerced the US government to sign a charter with the Rothschild financier family to print a coin US currencies. Events deteriorated until the colonists finally cried enough is enough .

The United States declared war in 1812 on Britain for  trade restrictions , outrage over insults to national honor . Rothschild funded both side in these wars. He also provided his own well paid Hessian mercenaries to fight on both the sides--as long as they did NOT kill each other.

Benjamin Franklin made numerous trips to England supposedly to visit an English woman who was the love of his life.  He actually went to attend all these sexual occult parties and to have a tete e tete with Rothschild. 

It was Ben who gave to Rothschild the names and addresses of all 29 loyalist family members, with specific directions to their homes?  Of course as you might have already deduced the 22 traitor Founding Fathers and their families were never harmed or threatened.

The Treaty of Paris ( The Treaty of Peace) was negotiated by Franklin, Adams and Jay in 1783.  Unknown to the colonists this Treaty included an item declaring King George’s son, Prince William, the sovereign ruler of America. Around the time of the signing of this treaty Benjamin Franklin became the first Postmaster General, John Jay the first Supreme Court Chief Justice and Samuel Adams served as Vice President under George Washington for two terms before being elected as the second President of the United States.  

These powerful positions were rewards from a grateful Rothschild and his stooge the English King.

The Founding Fathers were planning to control America for themselves.  George Washington  may be a hero in the eyes of corporate state and federal government politicians but he was actually an opportunist, a great traitor to American people.

Washington had a law background and relied upon the Articles of Confederation to enact his treasonous plan to become King and overthrow the newly created Republic of the United States. On April 30, 1789 upon his election to the Presidency Washington dissolved the organic Constitution for the United States of America signed under the Articles of Confederation and reinstated the Virginia Colony corporation. This effectively eliminated the first Constitutional civilian government.  It was Washington who initiated a legacy of military dictatorships within the office of the American Presidency.

Washington’s first official act as president was to install a corporate military government that replaced the constitutional civilian government.  This military government is intentionally hidden in plain sight and is evidenced by the military terms used to describe designated federal offices, (e.g.) Commander in Chief, Attorney General, Auditor General, Secretary General, Postmaster General, Surgeon General, etc. In other words, every federal office is supervised by a military general.

The organic Constitution bound the hands of the President and Congress. As such it had to be eliminated or circumvented. President Washington’s treasonous actions were fully supported by the first elected members of the Continental Congress.

Washington intended to enlist the support of Freemasons  to declare him as America’s King. To his chagrin his plan failed because he could not secure the influence or support required.  This is because many influential colonists were already in the pocket of King George and the Rothschild family.

Washington is lucky to have escaped assassination. George Washington and the Continental Congress feared their treasonous conduct would become public knowledge and result in swift and certain reprisal. So they concealed these facts by hiring authors to write and publish a different account of historical facts.

Enough of Washington-- let me get back to our dear old horny Ben!



The Hellfire Club was an exclusive clubs high society rakes established in Britain , also known as the Order of the Friars of St. Francis of Wycombe. 

This was  the meeting places of "persons of quality"  and high power , who wished to take part in immoral acts. They were NOT praying or discussing how much charity to give whom.  



The first Hellfire Club was founded in London in 1719, by Philip, Duke of Wharton and a handful of other high society friends.  The most infamous club associated with the name was established in England by Sir Francis Dashwood.  

Their dark activities included mock religious ceremonies and partaking in meals containing dishes like Holy Ghost Pie, Breast of Venus, and Devil's Loin, while drinking Hell-fire punch. Members of the Club supposedly came to meetings dressed as characters from the Bible and of course bizarre sex.




Above: Benjamin Franklin's high profile part of the cave shows that he was indeed a valuable bloke around there.


These caves are a man made network of tunnels carved out the chalk and flint of West Wycombe Hill and were commissioned by Sir Francis Dashwood himself to be one of the secret meeting places of his libertine society “The Knights of Sir Francis. 

He got carried away by the tunneling done by the Templar Knights at Jerusalem under Solomon's temple.

Punch into Google search-- SECRET EXCAVATIONS BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS- VADAKAYIL

The West Wycombe Caves in which the Friars met are now a tourist site known as the "Hell Fire Caves". Once you’ve passed the Steward’s Cave the next alcove is Paul Whitehead’s Cave named for the poet and satirist who was a member of the Order and a close friend of Sir Francis Dashwood.

When Sir Francis formed his version of the Hellfire club – The Friars (Knights) of Sir Francis in 1746. it was Paul Whitehead who was appointed to manage the Order as both Secretary and Steward.

Over the next thirty years it would be Paul Whitehead who would be the “fixer” and the MC, for the various secret societies founded by Dashwood including the Monks of Medmenham.  

His various duties appear to have included the procurement of attractive child prostitutes, political advisor, satirist, speech writing, keeper of the wine and drug lists, blackmailer, researcher and master of the minutes.  Yes, they actually made a minutes of these shady meetings and a log book.




Above: 'Without Ceres and Bacchus, Venus would freeze'. In other words, without food and wine, love grows cold.

It is likely that there has never before or again been a man who knew so many secrets about so many powerful British, European and future American leaders.  This was a sort of primitive Bilderberg club. 
Sir Francis neither employed Whitehead for managing this cave.

A week before his death a messenger arrived at his house and delivered an important letter and then, three days before his death in 1774, he summoned the servants of his home, Colne Lodge, and ordered a great bonfire be built in the garden.   It burnt as a “conflagration” for the next 76 hours as books and papers were piled onto it day and night. 

He is reputed to have declared : “Neither history nor my critics shall judge me by my works. No man shall pick over my words and divine the sublime.”



Once the last of his papers were ashes he took to his bed and within six hours White head was dead and gone—he took an overdose of opium.

Bizarrely, his will stipulated that his heart was to be given to Sir Francis Dashwood and placed in an urn for which he bequeathed 50 Pounds for said purchase.  When he died in 1774, as his will specified, his heart was indeed placed in an urn at West Wycombe and it was a tourist item. 

But alas, it was stolen in 1829.  

SNIFF!


Sir Francis Dashwood was a member of the British East India Company , and hence he worked under Rothschild who owned the company. His father was First Baronet and was in the wine business.

They had wild orgies , secret pagan rituals , mystic gardens, wild parties and a huge baboon dressed as the Devil.  


Inside the caves Dashwood created a bizarre and elaborate tunnel system, with a banqueting hall, an inner temple - and even a fake River Styx.  Everywhere in the tunnels, spooky carved faces leer.

Just up the hill is St. Lawrence's Church - built by Dashwood, from the ruins of an old Norman tower, which itself was inside the banked enclosure of West Wycombe Camp - an iron age fortification. 



He built the interior of a Church in the style of an Egyptian temple, dressed up prostitutes as nuns. 

This was a way to blackmail powerful men like Benjamin Franklin—the ORIGINAL HONEY TRAP.





The motto of “The Hellfire Group” was, in [French], “fay ce que voudrais,” or, in English, “Do what you will.”—this means free license to do every possible thing.


It is well known that the dirty porn business is monopolized by Jews. Now let me talk about our own "thunder thighs with blue veins " with a asli ghee ka heavy set "paratha phado body" --  Sunny Leone.   



India’s disgrace— except for a couple of perverted film makers like a sugar daddy and now a madame dyke. 


Sunny's husband is a Jew, who used to be a porn star.  Now he is into producing XXX blue movies with his own wife.



Jewish ADL ( Anti Defamation League ) National Director Abraham H. Foxman commented, 'Those Jews who enter the pornography industry have done so as individuals pursuing the American dream..'

ADL was first formed in USA to defend a most evil Jew sex murderer by the name of Leo Frank. If a Hindu  or a Muslim or a Sikh or a Christian or a Buddhist is caught doing such a foul deed, I am sure none of these religious spokemen will ever support his.

Rather we will all condemn the evil guy , and also suggest that he be given the worst possible punishment.
But the Jews take this as a racist defamation thing.  For, a Jew is always innocent, right ? Why do we suffer such misplaced persecution mania?

OK, in USA the 2% Jews control the IRS,  CIA , FBI, Fed Reserve, Hollywood, TV, Media and the Congress.

But what about the rest of the world?

The all powerful Rothschild himself came to the rescue of Leo Frank,by subverting justice using money power. An all American Christian mob delivered  justice by lynching him after the corrupt governor commuted his death sentence to life in prison.

Leo Max Frank (April 17, 1884 – August 17, 1915) was a Jewish-American factory superintendent whose hanging in 1915 by a lynch mob, planned and led by prominent citizens in Marietta, Georgia, drew attention to antisemitism in the United States.

An engineer and superintendent of the National Pencil Company in Atlanta, Jew Leo Frank was convicted on August 25, 1913, for the gruesome rape and murder of one of his factory workers, a 13-year-old Mary Phagan. 

She had been strangled on April 26, and was found dead in the factory cellar the next day-- a clear case of SNUFF murder..

Every body knew that Frank was the last person known to have seen her alive, and all knew that Leo was actively flirting with her . 


There was great jubilation in the streets when Frank was convicted and sentenced to death. By June 1915 his appeals had failed, but Governor John M. Slaton believed there had been a miscarriage of justice, and commuted the sentence to life imprisonment—to great local outrage. 

A crowd of 1,200 marched on Slaton's home in protest, and two months later Frank was kidnapped from prison by a lynch mob of 25 armed men who called themselves "Knights of Mary Phagan". Frank was driven 150 miles to Frey's Gin, near Phagan's home in Marietta, and murdered. 



A crowd gathered after the hanging; one man repeatedly stomped on Frank's face, while others took photographs, pieces of his nightshirt, and bits of the rope to sell as souvenirs.



Rabbi Stephen Wise wrote to Henry Morgenthau, Sr.,( the US agent of Rothschild )  who used to order the US president around -- noting that “the situation is becoming very hard for the Jews in the little towns, many of whom are being boycotted. 

This rich Jew Leo Frank was the president of the 500-member Gate City Free Mason’s Lodge in 1912.
Even after his conviction and incarceration Frank was elected lodge president again in 1913 and this pissed off all the American people.  

To add insult to injury, at the climax of the Leo Frank trial, an admission was made by the defendant that amounted to a clear confession .


  
As a direct result of the Leo Frank conviction, the politically powerful “Anti-Defamation League,” or ADL was formed. 

In USA is you fu#k around with Jews , the next thing you know is that the IRS will raid you and make a pauper out of you.  People are mortally scared of being Anti-semitic. Here truth takes a back seat.  Jew first then the truth.

Though AP and Reuters both ran stories on the episode, the Zionist held US media conglomerates controlled by Rothschild refused to carry the story on television news, again saying the story would prejudice Americans against poor Jews. SNIFF !

I must cry now— BOOO HOOOOOOOO!

ADL states that it "fights anti-Semitism and all forms of bigotry, defends democratic ideals and protects civil rights for all," doing so through "information, education, legislation, and advocacy” (–Hey, how about bludgeoning truth to submission? )

Founded in October 1913 by The Independent Order of B'nai B'rith, a Jewish service organization in the United States, its original mission statement was "to stop, by appeals to reason and conscience and, if necessary, by appeals to law, the defamation of the Jewish people. 

Its ultimate purpose is to secure justice and fair treatment to all citizens alike ( not Jews only? ) and to put an end forever to unjust and unfair discrimination against and ridicule of any sect or body of citizens." The ADL has 29 offices in the United States and three offices in other countries, with its headquarters located in New York City.



How come ADL has NOT fought for anybody except for Jews—and that too by subverting the truth by power ?


Why is it that Muslims and Christians say that ADL itself is a hate organization trying to suppress freedom and free speech?

I am a Hindu and I have NO axe to grind.  All know that we Hindus in Kerala gave you refuge from persecution for the past 2300 years—while the rest of the world persecuted your race through out your timeline.



So just hear me out. I am just wondering like an innocent third party.  

Why did ADL come out with hammer and tongs  against building an Islamic center two blocks away from ground zero?.  Is this your and AIPAC’s sense of justice?  

Why does the whole world say that ADL does NOT represent the true GOOD Jew at all ?  Are you by any means a benevolent organization full of fairness , goodness and grace?



Let me give you a piece of good  advise.  

In my humble , nevertheless well informed opinion, you ARE the cause of modern anti-semitism—have you ever self reflected and thought about this? 

If not, then you must!








All humans have good and bad qualities, which are 2 sides of the same coin.  In the total absence of sunlight we develop bad qualities.  The same occult sex rituals are impossible in sunlight. When sunlight enters the brain,  good qualities come into appearance replacing bad ones. I will be putting up a separate post on the SUN GAZING EFFECT ON THE PINEAL GLAND AND DNA.

Below-- How many of you have seen the movie "The condemned" ? - it is a snuff movie of Hollywood. Things like this do happen in true life-- for the viewing pleasure of the rich and the perverted..




The Hollywood movie 8MM is about snuff killings of abducted girls. Check out this movie starring Nicholas Cage. The Jews have made sure that all bad characters in this movie are Christians. TEE HEEE !







Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SAVITA HALAPPANAVAR , THE MURDER OF THE HIPPOCRATIC OATH-- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


CATHOLIC ABORTION LAW , WHEN CATHOLIC COMPASSION KILLS ,  IRISH COWARDICE , EVIL VATICAN  ETHOS , WAKE UP CALL -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Savita, aged 31, was 17 weeks pregnant when she died in University Hospital Galway , Ireland after suffering a miscarriage and septicaemia.

Her husband Praveen, 34, claimed she had complained of being in agonising pain.  He has said that doctors refused to carry out a medical termination because the foetus’s heartbeat was present. Never mind that Savita had a  heart beat too.

For three days Mr Halappanavar and his wife Savita cried and begged for a termination, stating that they were neither Irish nor Catholic . 

They were tersely told: “This is a Catholic country.”

If this is indeed the case do Muslims need to eat PIG in Ireland ? 

The fetus, being only 17 weeks old, had zilch hope of survival outside the womb ( even lungs wont be formed ) , and Savita's unfortunate miscarriage was irreversible.  Her cervix was already dilated and the amniotic fluid was leaking out. 

Nothing could be done to save the baby's life, but a medical abortion would almost certainly have saved Savita's.


What made the Catholic doctors at Galway University Hospital, of Ireland ,  prioritize a unborn baby’s doomed existence above Savita's clear and present life?


Savita was left in unbearable agony for 3 days until the fetal heartbeat stopped. By then, it was too late. Savita developed septicemia as a result of being left with an open cervix, which invites infection into the body, for three days. She died on 28th October 2012.


Savita’s husband’s harrowing and heart rending account of her last days, and their horrendous ordeal,  has devastated the compassionate denizens of this planet.  Savita and her husband were NOT asking for an abortion.  They were just begging for her life to be saved.


Did Vatican and their padres who cannot marry , love Savita’s unborn child more than its mother, by any means ?



The attitude of officials at the Indian Embassy in Ireland was disgusting . They did NOT come to help after Savita’s death,  saying that Monday was a government holiday.  The Indian ambassador to Ireland, Debashish Chakravarti, later says “My embassy is monitoring the developments”.

Do we have an embassy just to attend cocktail parties? 

Have you noticed , that the only time OUR LEADER Sonia Gandhi,-- our Italian Catholic Queen Bee speaks out nowadays is to defend her family, from corruption charges. 

She cares NOT for the sailors held up in Somalia. She cares NOT for the horrible treatment dished out to the servile Indian expatriate workers in the racist Arab countries.



Where is the leadership and political will in India, to address the murder of an innocent woman, who was denied an abortion.


Let me put down the Hippocratic oath taken by the Irish doctors. 

I swear to fulfill, to the best of my ability and judgment, this covenant:

I will respect the hard-won scientific gains of those physicians in whose steps I walk, and gladly share such knowledge as is mine with those who are to follow.

I will apply, for the benefit of the sick, all measures which are required, avoiding those twin traps of over treatment and therapeutic nihilism.

I will remember that there is art to medicine as well as science, and that warmth, sympathy, and understanding may outweigh the surgeon's knife or the chemist's drug.

I will not be ashamed to say "I know not," nor will I fail to call in my colleagues when the skills of another are needed for a patient's recovery.

I will respect the privacy of my patients, for their problems are not disclosed to me that the world may know. Most especially must I tread with care in matters of life and death. If it is given me to save a life, all thanks. But it may also be within my power to take a life; this awesome responsibility must be faced with great humbleness and awareness of my own frailty. Above all, I must not play at God.




I will remember that I do not treat a fever chart, a cancerous growth, but a sick human being, whose illness may affect the person's family and economic stability. My responsibility includes these related problems, if I am to care adequately for the sick.

I will prevent disease whenever I can, for prevention is preferable to cure.

I will remember that I remain a member of society, with special obligations to all my fellow human beings, those sound of mind and body as well as the infirm.

If I do not violate this oath, may I enjoy life and art, respected while I live and remembered with affection thereafter. May I always act so as to preserve the finest traditions of my calling and may I long experience the joy of healing those who seek my help.





Above : Outrage , world wide!

Catholic religion has murdered the Hippocratic oath—and mind you, we are NOT in the Medieval ages in the midst of a Inquisition.

We in India are very familiar with Catholic largesse and compassion.  When terminally ill patients were crying out due to agonizing pain, Mother Teresa would be whispering their ears— that the pain is Jesus kissing them.

She has billions of US Dollars stashed away in Vatican banks , by exposing her Calcutta home of the destitute as an open leper’s sore to attract flies (money ).

She used that money solely for spreading Christianity, and NOT for the purpose it was intended and sent to India by poor kind people from abroad and in India.

Punch into Google search -- DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL – VADAKAYIL
.


It is high time we address this evil in religious garb.  Savita was not trying to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy.  She was NOT trying to do gender selection.  She was miscarrying and crying out loud in agonizing pain.

Every day more than 12 Irish girls go to UK for an abortion.  What type of Government do the Irish people have? A government must care for their own people . 

Does some archaic law made by some medieval jokers wearing robes and holding curved staffs at Vatican take preponderance over a similar case like Savita’s , which could have happened several times earlier and hushed up.  

Is Ireland NOT a country where girls have sex before marriage unlike Hindu India, where marriages are arranged ?

Savita had given this long standing abortion debate a human face.  Catholics , world over , must now trample on the vested lies opposing abortions, if there is a vestige respect for human life and women’s dignity.




Ireland's Guide to Professional Conduct and Ethics for Registered Medical Practitioners clearly state :
“ Rare complications can arise where therapeutic intervention (including termination of a pregnancy) is required at a stage when, due to extreme immaturity of the baby, there may be little or no hope of the baby surviving. In these exceptional circumstances, it may be necessary to intervene to terminate the pregnancy to protect the life of the mother.”

We in India demand an inquiry.  Stonewalling in not an option.  People are upset.  If necessary terminate the Irish embassy in New Delhi.  

Before the First World War when Bagha Jatin was trying to free India from British rule , using violence, double agent Ireland pretended to be “Friends of India” and scuttled the freedom movement.. 

Why have the  Irish governments have failed to legislate in the twenty years since the Irish Supreme Court ruled that abortion was legal , where the mother's life is in clear danger?


Just a couple of months ago,  at an International symposium meeting in Dublin it was declared that "direct abortion is never medically necessary to save the life of a woman". 



What nonsense is this?


Why are misogynist Catholic priests who do not have wives or have sex (sic!) allowed to take decisions for women’s pregnancies and even dish out marriage counseling?

This is obviously some urgent official and public clarifications required from the PM of Ireland.

The family of Savita Halappanavar and the people of India, feel that it is high time that Vatican and Catholics choose humanity over religion.  We have suffered 4 centuries of slavery under the white Catholic rule, and we do know what we are talking about.



But for the Internet age, we Indians would have never known about the secret Vatican Inquisition in India.  

Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA,  FRANCIS XAVIER- VADAKAYIL.



Savita’s body was brought to her hometown Belgaum India on 3rd Nov 2012 and buried the same day at the Sadashivnagar graveyard.  A tearful Savita’s mother Akkamahadevi, said on national TV : “Compassion is the basic foundation of all the religions. If that lacks, there is no meaning of religion.”

The Indian community of Galway cancelled the annual Diwali festival due to death of Savita Halappanavar as this bubby girl was one of the key organizers of the festival.

The Irish doctors , the sycophants of the Church, who attended to Savita are moral cowards, who hid behind an overly cautious legal interpretation,  instead of doing the morally correct thing and save the woman as per their Hippocratic oath.  

Did this oath have a rider “provided my church allows?”


They were on the horns of a dilemma- nay—a moral fu#kin' conundrum?   

My foot!



Savita’s story is so tragic and explicit.  Yet we have several pro-Vatican Catholics , Pickle Johns and Chutney Mary’s in India trying to curry favour with their churches ( for more moolah and sops ) holding candle light vigils supporting abortion.  How very sad and morally reprehensible!.

These ridiculous pro-life Catholic pimps are literally jumping through hoops to make sense of this archaic law. They’re so blinded by their sacred doctrines that they fail to see the horrible consequences it had for a fellow Indian –nay- a human being.

Why does the Irish church allow a Catholic Irish girl with an unwanted pregnancy to do ferry hopping to England,  where abortion is available on demand ?  Is there no law against this?  Oh, you will keep nice loopholes for your own ilk , right?  Desert Bedouin type mindless laws are for other nationalities and religions, right?


Never mind what happened to Savita and her husband. Your Irish doctor hands are squeaky clean and you have retained your good equation with your lord ,when you arrive at the pearly gates , right?  

HALLEELLUJAAH!

You white coat crusaders with stethoscopes , with utmost zeal defended your diety, his middle man (in robes sitting in Vatican with the curved staff ) , and your church hierarchy, right?

BRAVO!



Hey, what’s that nice quote about “for good people to do bad things, that takes religion”?

I think it applies in this case.


You Irish doctors expect the world to believe that you are decent blokes trapped in an unjust system, right?  So you agreed with this bullshit system and would rather let a poor suffering woman in tears die than cure her, when curing her meant going against your ideology.

Hey, your medical licences, your egos and your faith are intact.  Congratulations are in order!  You are sure to go to heaven, and before that you will make pots and pots of money!!

Heretics were burned at the stake because Vatican canon law forbid the shedding of blood. The Church spends too much time debating how many spin angels can dance on the head of a pin.


Do Catholic churches and their padre's ensconced on high horses have any moral authority to preach love and fairness , after this ?  

Which bullshit system on this planet allows a doctor’s medical judgement to be compromised-- nay –hijacked , by restrictive religious canon laws? 

In what way is Catholic Ireland superior to a barbarian society or a Muslim theocracy ( of the kind you are constantly told in Church ) , you have to be so very afraid of?

Women denied abortions are more likely to stay in abusive relationships. Abusive partners frequently keep women tied to them by threatening to get custody of the child if the woman attempts to leave him.

Which woman would like to give her own baby for adoption—just because she cannot afford to sustain and raise  her own child?





We in India reject the notion that the circumstances that befell Savita were ‘entirely unforeseeable’. Pregnant women miscarry all the time and too many pregnancies end this way.  Why do you lie at this hour ?

Can the beauty of Savita’s life, the ugliness of her death and the tragic loss of her unborn child be a moral compass to legislate a proper compassionate law ?  

Could there be a more potent case for the liberalization of Catholic abortion laws in Ireland?  Strike the iron when it is hot! You will be doing your women a great favour.  Pregnant Indian women will treat Ireland like the plague till you amend your mindless law.




EPILOGUE:-

On Jan 24th 1979 a 35 year old Indian woman arrived by air  at Heathrow airport London, to marry her fiancé a British resident of Indian descent. 

She was told that she has to spread her legs for a VIRGINITY test .   It was revealed later that they preyed only on attractive and lone women.

Are not 35 year old Indian women supposed to be virgins, while their English counterparts can screw around merrily even before they reach puberty? 

The British immigration officials , twisted her arm and she was forced into signed a form consenting to a “gynaecological examination”. Or she would be  deported back to India—forget the marriage which is fixed as per her Hindu horoscope. 

Hundreds of Indian women arriving alone were subjected to this immoral and illegal examination of vaginas by leering officials, and they kept quiet as they did NOT know if their hymen was indeed ruptured.



The newspaper Guardian exposed this on the basis of confidential Home Office files.  It causes a furore in India, when Britain admitted to least 80 women who were forced to undergo such tests . 

The Indian PM  denounced this as a “humiliating and obscene” practice. The then Prime Minister Morarji Desai personally intervened to seek an explanation from the British government, led at the time by Labour's James Callaghan. Embarrassed by the controversy, Callaghan wrote to Desai that “as soon as we heard of it, we made sure it would not happen again.”

Would they dare to do this to a Jewish woman?  

Wanna place bets?  British sense of justice -- HA!

Back to Ireland--


”I said to the patient, I am Catholic doctor, not Hindu, and why impose your PAGAN immorality on me.”  Rather than back down on ridiculously rigid dogma it's easier to let a women die, right? --for the good Lord above chose to take the mother and child both , right?.

Is it any wonder that Ireland has had a problem with alcoholism?





Psychologists will say-- If someone starts telling you what country you're in , or telling you screamingly obvious facts about that country, ( Ireland is a Catholic country etc ) it's time to look to start worrying,  and buzz off from there--- EL PRONO--

-- for they now intend to teach you a lesson you will never ever forget.  

If you make the mistake of looking them in the eye , tellin' you are NOT Catholic or Irish , but a Hindu Indian -- 

-- then only God save you from Catholic vindictiveness,  we in India are too familiar with this during our 400 years of slavery, to white Catholics.

Wise men will tell you that people simply do not bring up the country they are in , in a context just like that unless they are being racist.

Wisdom dictates -- Savita’s tearful termination pleas were taken less seriously because they were perceived as the pleas of an unchurched , uncouth , pagan foreigner who should have some more respect for Irish Catholic beliefs and values.





Which Indian doctor will tell a Catholic white woman that you are in HINDU INDIA now?

How many of you feel Taliban would have done this?




Having been to Ireland several times ( Dublin, Cork etc ), I can say that Irish basically are NOT cowards or bad people -- BUT they are mostly a little thick in the head.  You wont find too many Irish in the MENSA club. Punch into Google search IRISH PADDY JOKES -- and you will find about 2 million hilarious posts. 




WE INDIANS ARE GRATEFUL TO THE COMPASSIONATE PEOPLE OF IRELAND , WHO TOOK TO THE STREETS IN SUPPORT OF SAVITA'S CASE .

JUST BECAUSE IT IS WRITTEN YOU CANNOT SWIM IN THE POOL TODAY-- 

IT DOES NOT MEAN YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO SAVE A CHILD DROWNING IN THE POOL-- 

IT TAKES A DRUNK OR A MORON OR A REAL EVIL PERSON , TO THINK IN ANY OTHER WAY.




Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
SURYA NAMASKAR , ENLARGING YOUR PINEAL GLAND , DNA UPGRADE , 21ST DEC 2012 - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


SUN GAZING FOR GOOD HEALTH ,  DECALCIFYING THE PINEAL GLAND ,  12 STRAND DNA ,  21ST DEC 2012 -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.



At the outset I would like you to punch into Google search SURYA NAMASKAR- VADAKAYIL.

In one year flat more than 23,000 people have downloaded this post, which is pretty good going for a spiritual post. 

What is the worth of all your main stream science school books which still teach you the NONSENSE of Charles Darwin and tells you very little about your DNA and Pineal gland? 

The Vedas talked about Tvasta ( helix DNA) , 7000 years ago.




Shiva Lingam is the Pineal Gland of Lord Shiva -- it is NOT his penis as Vatican likes to say.  



You see the black stone in every Hindu Shiva Temple. In fact wherever the Hindus found such a stone, they built a temple over it. This is the reason why you see Shiva Temples in dense forests.

The black Shiva Lingam stone is a meteorite stone from a Binary star by the name of Marthanda, which contains DNA-- yes Noah's ark in a black stone.  

On 8th Aug 2011,  NASA in a most surprising declaration which shocked main stream scientists, ( Vatican and Islamic Mecca included ) ,  agreed that DNA is indeed from outer space and that too from black meteorite stones-- exactly as mentioned in the Indian Rig Veda 7000 years ago.

Anything which holds the seed for future growth is alluded to as the divine penis.  This is what god's phallus or Shiva lingam is all about.




The main attraction is Mecca is just this black meteorite stone. 

There used to be a Shiva Temple at the spot of Kaaba , before Islam came into existence.  This stone is now installed in a horizontal direction at the South East corner of Kaaba, 5 feet above the ground. 

You take way this powerful stone and Mecca is not a holy place anymore.  



This is why majestic Petra civilization died--as the black Shiva Lingam stone was stolen.



The Pineal Gland of this planet is Mount Kailash in the Himalayas.

Vatican likes to hide this black stone in their underground vaults--  at least the Muslims are proud of it.  St Peter's cathedral was the site of a PAGAN ( Shiva ) temple before.  Jesus sent his bright disciple to Vatican to make the first church there. 

The second church on this planet is made by another bright disciple Thomas, on Jesus's instructions at Kondungalur Kerala , India-  the cultural centre of the Calicut king. I am from Calicut.  




The second mosque on this planet is also at Kodungalur and is called the Cheraman Perumal mosque. Cheraman Perumal was the king of Calicut . He went all the way to Mecca to meet Mohammed after the black stone was uprooted , as the Shiva temple at Mecca oasis belonged to him.



The ancient Indian Maharishis had 12 strand DNA and a king size Pineal gland as large as a lemon.  You and me have 2 strand DNA ( out of which 97% is junk ) and a tiny raisin size calcified Pineal gland. 

The Maharishis , were supermen with amazing powers which included producing matter from human energy, telepathy, healing powers which included time reversal of cells, invisibility, levitation , reading from aakashik ( ether/ ZPF  ) records of past and future etc. 

These 12 strand DNA maharishis with raised Kundalinis , could read aakashik records , convert them from fractal geometry, for daily life use. The cobra on Lord Shiva 's shoulders shows raised Kundalini and open third eye. This self realisation (of opening the third eye) , is the ultimate goal of consciousness.

In the Vedas written in 5000 BC,  Marthanda is the physically deformed cast away son of Nebula, Aditi. Aditi is the mother of all mothers.  

It is actually a huge energized mass of rock ( a binary star ) which revolves round the sun every 12500 years and at perigee causes lot of disturbances on planet earth.



In the Rig Veda written in 5000 BC , Aditi is mentioned more than 80 times.  Aditi is Devamatri (mother of the gods) as from and in her cosmic matrix all the heavenly bodies were born.

As the celestial virgin and mother of every existing form and being, the synthesis of all things, she is highest akasa.  As the womb of space, she is a feminized form of Brahma. The idea of Virgin mary came from this Hindu concept. 


  
The line in the Rig-Veda: "Daksha sprang from Aditi and Aditi from Daksha" has reference to "the eternal cyclic re-birth of the same divine Essence" (SD 2:247n).  In one of its most mystic aspects Aditi is divine wisdom or consciousness.



Above : the Marthanda temple in Kashmir, destroyed by Muslim invaders.



Aditi cast away her 8th son Marthanda as he was mis shapen---- Rig Veda Mandala10-Sukta-72(10-72). It is also called SAGALA , ( meaning “everything” – all DNA building blocks ) in Sanskrit, and in my own language Malayalam, from which the black, heavier than iron, SHIVA LINGAMS scattered all over the Indian subcontinent and certain parts of the planet.



DNA is the master tuning fork of the human body. When you resonate your Pineal gland with your DNA,  magic happens. When the DNA strikes a particular frequency all other molecules follow. 



After 21st Dec 2012 , the earth will be showered by Cosmic rays, which will upgrade your DNA and enlarge and decalcify your shriveled up pineal gland ,provided you exercise your FREE choice , in wanting this to happen to yourself.

What is all this furore about 21st Dec 2012?


After Dec 21 2012, when the sun is at the bindu of the Sri Yantra ( cosmic womb ) , aligned with the galactic equator , we will understand this intelligent force residing inside the DNA.





In the Solar System, the planets and the Sun lie roughly within the same flat plane, known as the plane of the ecliptic.  From our perspective on Earth, the ecliptic is the path taken by the Sun across the sky over the course of the year.  The twelve constellations that line the ecliptic are known as the zodiac and, annually, the Sun passes through all of them in turn.  



Additionally, over time, the Sun's annual cycle appears to recede very slowly backward by one degree every 72 years, or by one constellation every 2,160 years. This backward movement, called "precession", is due to a slight wobble in the Earth's axis as it spins, and can be compared to the way a spinning top wobbles as it slows down. 



Over the course of 25,765 years, a period often called a Great Year, the Sun's path completes a full, 360-degree backward rotation through the zodiac . Presently, the Sun's March equinox position is in the constellation Pisces and is moving back into Aquarius. This signals the end of one astrological age (the Age of Pisces) and the beginning of another (the Age of Aquarius).



Similarly, the Sun's December solstice position (in the northern hemisphere, the lowest point on its annual path; in the southern hemisphere, the highest) is currently in the constellation of Sagittarius, one of two constellations in which the zodiac intersects with the Milky Way. Every year, on the December solstice, the Sun and the Milky Way, from the surface of the Earth, appear to come into alignment, and every year, precession causes a slight shift in the Sun's position in the Milky Way. 



Given that the Milky Way is between 10° and 20° wide, it takes between 700 and 1400 years for the Sun's December solstice position to precess through it.  It is currently about halfway through the Milky Way, crossing the galactic equator. In 2012, the Sun's December solstice will fall on 21 December.



After Dec 21st 2012, a lot of humans on this planet will shift to the wisdom mode rather than the knowledge mode, due to preprogramming of his DNA by star dust.  Tvasta , the double helix coiled serpents which cannot be destroyed- is mentioned in Rig Veda of 5000 BC , ( DNA ) as that which gives rise to all life in living creatures.  



Wisdom determines how knowledge will be used.  Science will happily accept consciousness.  Darwin and Newton will be consigned to the dustbin and man will understand the powers of his mind, as told in the Vedas written in 5000 BC.  



We humans have consciousness and we have a free choice if we wish to evolve further to higher consciousness. This means our junk DNA ( 97% of the total ) will be used and be mutated to 12 strand DNA.  When the time is right, ( after 21st Dec 2012 ) the star dust DNA from outer cosmos will be energised by scalar waves and the cells will emerge to give new life forms plant and animal. 




In quantum physics quantum coherence means that subatomic particles are able to cooperate. These subatomic waves or particles not only know about each other , but are also highly interlinked by bands of common electromagnetic fields, so that they can communicate together. 

They are like a multitude of tuning forks that all begin resonating together. As the waves get into phase of sync, they begin acting like one giant wave and one giant subatomic particle. It becomes difficult to tell them apart.  

Electrons glide easily along light pipes without getting entangled in their environment, or settling into any set single state. This means they can remain in quantum state, a condition of all possible states, enabling the brain eventually to finally choose among them. This is free will. 

At every moment our brains are making quantum choices, taking potential states and making them actual ones. Brain processes occurred at the quantum level. The dendritic networks in the brain operate in tandem through quantum coherence. The electrical activity of microtubules inside the  dendrites and neurons in the brain is  at the heart of consciousness. 



Our brain talks to itself and the rest of the  body in the language of wave interference –phase , frequency and amplitude. We perceive an object by resonating with it,  thus getting in sync with it. To know the world is to be literally to be on its wavelength.

Let me give a Vedic explanation for FREE WILL or FREE CHOICE.

Our brain is holographic. While introducing Nikola Tesla to longitudinal field ZPF waves , in 1903, the great Indian mystic has told him -"every part is a whole and everything springs from the whole". This was 45 years before a hologram was invented.  This Vedic science is 7000 years old-- written in Sanskrit.

This is why our brain can store unlimited data in such limited space. Von Neumann a Hungarian super genius ( both Neumann and Tesla were more intelligent than Einstein ) had calculated that our brain can store 2.8 X 10 raised to 20 bits of information.



Holograms are all about changing the angle at which two lasers strike a piece of photographic film- to record many different images on same surface. Any image thus recorded can be retrieved simply by illuminating the film with a laser beam possessing the same angle as the original two beams.

Our FREE CHOICE is about finding the right angle to call up the image / memory of what we want or search. This is why a person seconds away from suicide can be given a tight slap across his face , to force change this angle--and then he would not want to commit suicide at all.  surprised?



The THIRD EYE of Lord Shiva is in reality is the Pineal Gland. This super conducting resonator has mystical powers. Once the third eye is developed it is far more powerful than any of your 5 human senses.

Though it is not part of the brain, the pineal gland develops from the roof of the diencephalon, a section of the brain, and functions as a light receptor.  Darwin may not agree with me -- but, the pineal gland is the evolutionary forerunner of the modern eye. . 



This gland synthesizes melatonin and enzymes sensitive to diurnal light.  Rhythmic changes in its activity in response to cyclical photic input shows that the gland serves as a biological clock. 

Below--note Shiva's trishul -- tamas -sattwa-rajas prongs ( trident ) on the yin-yang symbol.



To activate the 'third eye' and perceive higher dimensions, the pineal ( soul ) and the pituitary ( body ) glands must vibrate in YIN-YANG unison, to create a field , which is achieved through meditation, Mantra chanting ( cymatics ) and Surya yog ( sun gazing.) .The great Himalayan masters did surya yog by gazing at the rising sun with a silver coin placed in between the eyebrows on the forehead .



The solar wind at dawn, charging the earth’s magnetic field, stimulates the pineal gland. This is the best time to meditate , chant and sun gaze as the level of Ulra Violet rays is too low to harm your eyes.  At dawn, the negatively charged pineal and the positively charged pituitary combine their essences to create a "light in the head".

Pranayama ( deep breathing ) floods the Pineal gland with oxygen, to make it resonate. If you are right handed you must breathe in via the left nostril.

The ancient Indian mystics have used the hallucinogenic effects of Soma of Rig Veda ( more potent than LSD ) to induce this effect.  114 hymns of the 7000 year old Rig Veda talks about Soma preparations and its effects.

This is the elusive HOLY GRAIL for telepathy and psychic teleportation -- not what Dan Brown wrote in the Da Vinci code. The psychedelic journeys of seers are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland.  Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance.



As per quantum laws we are essentially electrical beings existing in a state of resonance with the electromagnetic field of the earth. The reddish grey pineal gland is located in the geometric center of the brain. It is located directly behind the eyes.

There are many who think that Pineal Gland is the only organ of the brain that does not come in pairs. However, under a microscope you can see that the pineal gland is divided into two fine hemispheres.
  
The nerves that serve the pineal gland don't originate in the brain but in the sympathetic nervous system. In adults, calcium make the pineal gland visible on X rays.

In Vedic times 10000 years ago, at the banks of the Saraswati river, the crystallised pineal gland of the great Masters was said to be the size of a lemon, and this with evolution, spiritual pollution and change in breathing patterns , has now been atrophied to the size of a very small pea.



In Mahabharata war of 4000 BC, Sanjaya , with awakened Kundalini and 12 DNA strands , sits 5000 miles from the scene of battle and gives the blind King Dhritarashtra a blow by blow account.

This gland can be activated by activated by sunlight ( sun gazing ) , and also by sound resonance ( mantra chanting ) during Surya Namaskar. .  It controls the various biorhythms of the body. It can discern negative energies, based on perception of vibrating energies around you.

It plays a major role in hibernation of animals, metabolism, and seasonal breeding. In humans it affects circadian rhythms, sleep patterns ( melatonin levels increase at night), and is implicated in seasonal affective disorder. The pineal gland calcifies with age and melatonin production correspondingly decreases.


Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. Decline in melatonin is the trigger for the aging process, for Melatonin is the SUPER ANTIOXIDANT of nature.  The hormone Melatonin, induces sleep, while Serotonin, keeps you happy and in a balanced mental state of mind. PROZAC raises serotonin.  

At the time of death Seratonin and Melatonin in the brain breaks down to Dimethyltryptamine or DMT, C12 N2 H16, just after the oxygen stops circulating. This is the moment for the ultimate DMT trip. You see your whole past life as FRACTAL divine geometry.




When the pineal gland does not receive sunlight, it secretes Melatonin, which induces sleep, increases blood sugar, craze for food, leading to obesity, fears and anxiety. The pineal gland is a photosensitive organ and thus an important timekeeper for the human body.

For migrating birds, the pineal gland is the center for navigation. The pineal gland is a magneto receptor, capable of monitoring magnetic fields, and helping to align the body in space. Changing the direction of magnetic fields around the heads of birds alters their ability to orient. The pineal can generate its own magnetic field because it contains magnetite. This field can interact with the earth's magnetic field.
  
Electromagnetic fields (EMF) suppress the activity of the pineal gland and reduce melatonin production. EMF activity therefore disrupts the bodies circadian rhythms. Cell phones, with their dangerous radiation fields, attack the pineal gland .

The pineal gland produces PINOLINE, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith.
  
Resonance can vibrate the pineal gland, to release seratonin, melatonin, DMT, etc. If you have a strong enough sense of conciousness you will taste a huge pituitary release in the back of your mouth and sinuses and throat, it is referred to as ambrosia ( amrit -- mental orgasm discharge ) . This is a result of DMT production . DMT is the spirit molecule that bends space-time.



Crystals amplifies the radio wave field by resonating or vibrating in oneness with the source of the radio signal .  When you move the dial on the radio to tune into a favorite station, you are arriving at the perfect resonance between its electronic circuit and the station's frequencies. 

When two vibrating systems are in resonance with each other, a rise in amplitude in the waves takes place.  The planet and the cosmos communicates with us in this primal language of frequencies.

The sacred hyperdimensional geometry of DMT via hadronic mechanics is the Sri Yantra -- the universal phase-conjugational force . Pineal DMT is the chemical messenger which links body and spirit. Dimethyltryptamine, is a psychedelic tryptamine


Soma , mentioned several times in the 7000 year old Rig Veda, had DMT in  over a billion times potency —everybody could not handle it .  Totally organic and natural this hyper psychedelic makes the human body a super computer, speaking the language of 4D fractal geometry. Complex Math is converted to geometry .



ABOVE:  Sri Yantra ( 8000 BC ) which contains the TOE is just a 2D plain geometry representation. The above Sri Yantra  "crop circle" in wet mud lake , was the FIRST to rock this planet. It was in USA Oregon and spotted by a National air guard plane from Idaho. The lines engraved were 13.3 miles long , 10 inches wide and 3 inches deep in soft mud , when measured. There were no footprints or tyre marks in the soft mud-- unlike the quintessential corn crop circle which cannot record footprints. 



Sri Yantra which follows the Fibonacci series and the Golden ratio ( lifted from 7000 year old Vedic Mathematics ) is the mystical 3D holographic construct of the Cosmos by 9 VIRTUAL SPIRALLING VORTEX CONES — 4 pointing upwards and 5 pointing downwards, as a sort of ying-yang balance. 51 deg 49 min 38.25 sec are the angle measurements for both the Egyptian pyramids and Sri Yantra pyramid.  The ratio of the hypotenuse to half the base is phi, the Golden Ratio-- or 'divine proportion', given by (1 + square-root 5)/2 (its value to five decimal places is 1.618033989 ).





Pinoline enables the threshold levels of DMT to become active in the brain, but it requires an instant bungee jump induced adrenaline burst.  DMT with Pinoline increases brain activation multi fold. The pineal gland produces Pinoline, ( 6-methoxy-tetra-dydro-beta carboline, or 6-MeO-THBC ) . 





Once you enter the rapid eye movement (REM) stage of sleep, minute amounts of this natural DMT psychedelic are released directly into your bloodstream—for you to dream and access aakashik records.




Pinoline also resonates with the very pulse of life 7.83 Hertz, the pulse the DNA uses to replicate, and which has been measured to be emitted from the brains and hands of all successful healers, regardless of belief or faith. OM Hindu king mantra is 7.843 hertz.



Pineal activation awakens normally latent neural pathways. Nerve fibers leave the pineal and make synaptic connections with other brain sites through traditional nerve-to-nerve connections, not just through endocrine secretions.


There is a lot we knew 10000 years ago , but has been lost to this this 21st century-- right? You cant observe the quantum world without your Pineal gland -- the other 5 senses have too narrow bandwidths.
Quantum physics has showed the ancient Indian Yogis were NOT mere dreamers of cosmic consciousness, where our bodies, our brain and its mind, as inextricably joined with other matter and the mega dipole of universe .


There is indeed a connection between consciousness and tangled state quantum phenomena.  The third world war will be won by Scalar Psychotronics or mass mind control-- when in big brother will have you in a vice grip by your PG ( pineal gland ), not by your SC ( short curlies ).

Newtonian science requires OBJECTIVE proof verifiable by 5 human senses. Little did he know that these 5 bands are too narrow-- rest being squelched to prevent man from breaking down. Western medicine treats man like a machine--looking for symptoms and a piece meal cure..

Newton backed Descartes in assuming that body and mind are two separate entities. Quantum physics have told the duo who had blinkers on for the macroscopic world, where to get off.  Quantum physics is based on the power of observation, and the mind is factored in. 



Tesla, Einstein, Heisenberg, Shrodinger etc were all familiar with the Indian Vedanta, which had known " wave-particle duality" and " power of human intention " 10000 years ago-- where the invisible outside the narrow band of 5 human senses , is part of reality .

Ancient Indian Maharishis had the ability to go on either isde of the narrow 5 bands of human senses.  By resonating their huge pineal glands with ther 12 strand DNA they could transcend the limitations of space time.



They firmly believed that the invisible below the quantum screen gives rise to the visible. Consciousness is about being self aware through observation ( double slit experiment ) and inner experience. While Newton tries to explain the invisible through the visible. There is no room for consciousness or morphogenetic fields in the dictionary of Darwin. 

Opposing forces Tamas and Rajas which give order to this cosmos , are connected through consciousness ( yin-yang ).  The middle prong of Shiva’s trident is Sattwa. It is about quantum possibility vortex vibrations, between two poles.. Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself. 





Tamas and Rajas (yin-yang ) are conscious of each other.  



In Sanskrit, “kundalini” means “enlightenment,” . The cobra on Lord Shiva’s shoulders indicate released Kundalini. It is an internal light you experience when you awaken your third eye. The Vedic yogic tradition tells us that the proper way to activate the third eye is to balance two opposite energy channels in the body (ida and pingala) around your central vertical axis called the sushumna. This balance of opposites creates a third force that unites the opposites and awakens the third eye.




Amrit reveals the fractal nature of consciousness. Amrit is NOT external, it is produced naturally inside your head.  All you need to know is how to produce it by your own mind. You brain is an amazing pharmaceutical chemical factory, which produces organic medicines with NIL side effects.

To activate the third eye of Shiva, or to perceive higher dimensions, the pineal gland ( soul ) and the pituitary glands ( body ) must vibrate in resonance to create a field. This is represented by Samudra manthan in Hindu mythology, where Mount Meru is used to churn the oceans for Amrit or Ambrosia in a to and fro movement , representing vibrations.. 


When you produce your own amrit, or when you consume Soma ( plant herbal drug not available any more), colours , sounds and numbers all show up as fractal geometry. What you have learnt in the past is of no use to you. As you breathe in the oxygen enters your brain and causes an explosion of fractal colours. 



To the spiritual eastern mind, the story of SAMUDRA MANTHAN produces amazing acts of faith like the Kumbh Mela , which has been going on for 6000 years. 

The amrit of the ambrosia or Soma is the holy grail.  This is what the Templar knights got after excavating King Solomon's temple. Soma is a divine LSD-- rather a million times more powerful DMT. A 12 strand Maharishi with NIL junk DNA can produce it naturally, by resonating his pineal gland with his DNA, and achieve telepathy and psychic teleportation.

The psychedelic journeys are accessed and experienced within the realms of the pineal gland. The pineal gland is the Shiva lingam. Serotonin has the same chemical structure as this hallucinogenic substance Soma. Serotonin is transformed into melatonin only in the pineal gland. 



The name of the gentleman in the picture above is HRM or Hira Ratan Manek., a Jain from Calicut-- my hometown.

He used to be a regular in  the same Rotary Club Swimming Pool of Calicut , where I go when I am on leave.  Often I could see him floating with his face up in the pool looking at the sun.

Once when I went to the pool after in got down form the ship, my friends told me that HRM is now world famous as he has gone to USA to show NASA , about the effect of sun gazing , and that he had gone for more than 400 days without food -- surviving on water and sunlight.  Sungazing and going without food  is now called HRM effect on the Internet.

I retorted that this is nothing new. 


If you understand SURYA NAMASKAR which is done at dawn , as soon as the sun rises,   it is nothing but sun gazing while doing yoga.  This sun gazing thing is more than 11000 years old in India.

In fact Prahlad Jani an Indian, a  81 year old sun gazing sadhu who has  has lived without food and water for the last 70 years.  He has been a sadhu since the age of 7.   Since the past 4 decades this man has been living in a cave in Gujarat and is well known.  You can check him out on Wikipedia on the Internet.  



And there are thousands of unsung Indian yogis who do NOT care to convince the white man .  They comes out from their caves only during Kumbh Mela.  Why do we need to convince the white Christian man and get a certificate (with Vatican stamp) from him , when Quantum physics is lifted wholesale from 7000 year old Vedas ?  


Is not Einstein's E=MC2 written in the Vedas? -- that energy and matter is inter-convertible.? How many Indian Yogis throughout time have produced Vibhuti ( ash ) from their empty palms? ( the last one was Sai Baba ).

I would tell all Indians to punch into Google search--
 PROUD TO BE HINDU, PROUD TO BE INDIA- VADAKAYIL, --and check out how our ancient Vedic knowledge has been patented in the white man's name.  Blatant shameless stealing , and patenting.

You must attribute inventions and discoveries to the FIRST source in the timeline and not the 101st thief  down the list.  If Tom has invented something , and later Dick , Prick and Harry has written about it too, with a 8000 year gap between Tom and Dick why should Harry's wife get the credit?  You see Lynne McTaggart has made her moolah -- NOT a single page in her book ( Intention experiment and The Field ) is original, all lifted from the Vedas --yet she will talk about everybody Hopis, Mayans, Incas, Egyptians etc without a single reference to Vedas, in her bullshit lifted books. 



The music notes SA RE GA MA PA DE NI  is written down in Indian Sanskrit tests in 5000 BC and we have ancient Hindu temples with huge hollow pillars which resonate to these notes when struck with a stick.  

Then comes along a white Christian invader who steals it and patents it in his name in the form of DO  RE  MI  FA  TO  LA  TI --- what should we call him, a great soul or a petty thief ?

Punch into google search PERFECT SIX PACK – VADAKAYIL to find out how Italian Fibonacci stole his series and the golden mean of 1.618, and became a immortal world hero.



Surya namaskar can increase lymph flow 20 fold.  Two-thirds of the lymph is produces in the liver and intestines Because the lymphatic system is a closed pressure system and has one-way valves that keep lymph moving towards the heart.

 The entire lymphatic system is stimulated, thus strengthening your immune system..  The body twists while doing Surya Namaskar  help to shift  lymph fluids around your body in ways that you would not ordinarily be able to achieve in daily . The lymphatic system in your body is a series of connected nodes, ducts and organs that play a vital part in your immune system. 



The lymphatic system has vessels just like our circulatory system, but does not have a pump like the heart for the circulatory system . In order to clear the “lymph” (the clear extracellular fluid that is collected by the lymphatic vessels and filtered by the lymph nodes), the lymphatic system must be pumped manually. 

Lymph is a clear fluid that travels through your body's arteries, circulates through your tissues to cleanse them and keep them firm, and then drains away through the separate lymphatic system.

 Lymph nodes are the filters along the lymphatic system.  Their job is to filter out and trap bacteria, viruses, cancer cells, and other unwanted substances, and to make sure they are safely eliminated from the body.

The main idea of doing Surya Namaskar is to do sun gazing. This is done when the altitude of the sun is low and the UV effect on the eyes is less.  Stop gazing directly at the sun when you feel uncomfortable and resume when you feel you can look again.  This timing must be built up day by day.  




When you do Surya Namaskar, you must be bare footed and  if possible be bare chested. Being bare chested increases the sex hormones.  Stillness or steadiness of the eyes is not required, and so you can blink . Do not wear any lenses or glasses while sungazing. Have the firm belief that the sunrays in our eyes are of immense benefit and will not harm you . As the days pass and you are able to look at the sun for more time, you will find find that you don’t eat too much .


Physical and mental diseases will start getting cured. Each day more energy blockages will be dissolved.  70 to 80% of the energy synthesized from food is taken by the brain and is used up in fueling tensions and worries. With a lack of mental stress, the brain does not require the same amount of energy as before. 




As you proceed in sun gazing and as your tensions decrease the need for food intake goes down. Hunger comes because of energy requirements of the body, which is a must for its existence. Food is not a necessity for the body to function, only energy is.

You develop a corona of energy around you. As this energy field becomes stronger, diseases don't harm you. The sun is the force of all life, and staring at it can infuse the body with large amounts of energy. Sun gazing also has the added advantage of getting vitamin A and D during the 1-hour safe period window. 



When sunlight enters the brain, through your eyes , your good qualities come into appearance replacing negative ones. Eyes receive the entire spectrum of the sunlight while sungazing, which is distributed to the different parts of the body by the brain on a need per basis. Sungazing causes the secretion of “feel good” hormones serotonin beta-endorphins, and dopamine.

Hunger comes because of energy requirements of the body, which is a must for its existence. Food is not a necessity for the body to function, only energy is. . For many people, eating seems like a good solution when there's nothing better to do.

Ancient Vedic scriptures tell us the quickest way to charge the bodies cells is by sungazing. Take away the sunlight and all life on earth would soon perish. Deprived of sunlight, man loses physical vigor and strength and will develop a disinclination for activity. Feed two animals the same diet but keep one in a dark closet and allow the other to be out in the sunshine. The animal that's kept in the closet will be weak, stunted and die prematurely.



Fruits and plants have the ability to trap and store sun energy. We get our energy from eating fruits , veggies and plants.

Surya is one of the principal vedic deities. He is pictured as riding across the sky on a chariot pulled by seven horses.  Seven horses and the seven colors of light for each of the seven chakras. The pineal gland (third eye) is equipped with photoreceptor cells. 




The rays of the sun with seven VIBGYOR colors have a cure for all kinds of diseases such as Alzheimer's, Parkinson's,  obesity,  arthritis,  osteoporosis, cancer and others.  

During surya Namaskar, the pineal secretes not only DMT, but other peptides as well that have psychoactive effects.  Vitamin D directly from the sun, is an excellent healing agent.

Serotonin receptors are activated by DMT and serotonin receptors regulate heart rate, blood pressure, body temperature, pupil diameter. DMT is a small molecule and is a  brain food that is rapidly transported across the blood brain barrier.




In the picture above:  Infrared light is not visible to the human eye, it can be felt as heal. Far Infrared (FIR) penetrates below the skin and increases blood flow and improves white blood cell function. FIR light helps remove toxins from the body and speeds the healing of tissues. FIR increases the metabolic rate and stimulates the hypothalamus. Infrared lights to warm newborn infants in hospitals. Far infrared helps burn calories and reduce obesity. Improved blood flow to the lymph reduces inflammation. FIR can remove a wide variety of metals from the body, including lead, arsenic, mercury, copper, cadmium, urea, nicotine, and the residue of prescription drugs.




The amount of serotonin produced by the brain was directly linked to prevailing sunlight duration. A person low in Serotonin will be inclined to consume greater amounts of sugar in an attempt to increase Serotonin production and this may lead to sugar addiction. 

Sunlight exposure decreases adrenaline and noradrenalin levels, reducing their stressing effect, and releases endorphins, which promote the feeling of "well-being". It also increases vitamin D level. The principal male hormone, testosterone, is known to be produced by the effect of sunlight on the skin.

Melatonin levels decreased in some of the blind patients when they were exposed to light, even though they couldn't see that light. But when the researchers blindfolded these patients and then turned on the lights, melatonin levels did not drop. 

Those findings suggest that although their eyes could not sense light in the normal way, they still were somehow regulating the release of melatonin, providing absolute evidence that the eyes are involved in functions other than vision.



Sunlight has the highest ratio of near-infrared light at sunrise ( Surya Namaskar time ) when the ultraviolet and blue radiation are scattered while red and infrared are passing through the atmosphere. That's why the sun is red at these moments, which are the best for improving the vision. 

Near-infrared wavelengths can boost the activity of mitochondria, the crucial powerhouses in cells. When the sun is high in the sky with plenty UV in the light, the eyelids act as filters, letting only the infrared light to reach the retina.

The Pineal Gland produces serotonin and is the richest site of serotonin in the brain. Serotonin is responsable for the "Psychadelic Experience". When you first start Surya Namaskar, you may get a  headaches due to increased levels of serotonin, induced by sun gazing. 



Serotonin is a potent vasoconstrictor and the headaches are the consequence of that. Blood exposed to infrared light had less blood cell aggregation (clumping together) which would free up more surface area of red blood cells to transfer nutrients and oxygen to tissues.

Surya Namaskar increases cardiovascular fitness.  This is a  a combined measure of a number of different parameters, such as resting pulse, rise of pulse after exertion, blood pressure lying and standing, rise in blood pressure after exertion, and time for pulse rate to return to normal after exertion. 


After sunbathing, lactic acid, the by-product of muscle metabolism that causes soreness and stiffness after strenuous exercise, is significantly reduced. Sunbathing also increases the ability of the lungs to absorb more vital oxygen, as well as the blood's capacity to carry and deliver it. Oxygen deficiency has been readily linked to a host of illnesses and discomforts ranging from chronic fatigue to cancer.

Sunlight speeds up the clearance of toxins from the body several times. It catalyses digestion. Pathogenic bacteria is destroyed by sunlight. Before the advent of antibiotics people used sunbathing and sungazing.  Vitamin D of sunlight prevents colon cells from proliferating and prompts them to change into more mature cells which are less capable of becoming cancerous.  The same process occurs in breast, skin and prostate cells.



Exposure to natural sunlight increases the number of the white blood cells in the body. The main white blood cell increased the most is the lymphocyte. It is the lymphocyte that plays the leading role in defending the body in an invasion by bacteria and foreign organisms. 

Because the lymphocytes increase in number after a sunlight exposure, their products of defense, the antibodies like gamma globulins, also increase in the blood. This increase of lymphocytes and gamma globulins greatly increase a person's ability to fight infections. 

The lymphocyte is also capable of producing a substance called interferon. This substance has the ability to stop the reproduction of viruses. The ultraviolet light in sunlight increases the enzymes that metabolize toxic chemicals and help to remove them. 



There are receptor sites for vitamin D on cancer cells that appears capable of converting human leukemia cells back into normal cells.Vitamin D produces a thirty percent improvement in body's conservation of proteins. The ultraviolet rays from the sun convert skin oil to vitamin D. Sunlight lowers the level of cholesterol in the blood stream in humans .

Infertility is associated with low vitamin D. Vitamin D supports production of estrogen in men and women. PMS has been completely reversed by addition of calcium, magnesium and vitamin D. Menstrual migraine is associated with low levels of vitamin D and calcium.

The excess of melatonin cause alcoholism and whitens the skin. When melatonin was injected into rats turned them into alcoholics. People from northern countries have increased melatonin, during the winter time, due to the weak sunlight, and that’s the reason they have a particular preference for alcohol.. 

Melatonin is the first substance that has been shown to safely and effectively lower core body temperature in humans.  Women with a calcified pineal gland (associated with a low production of melatonin) have a significantly greater risk of developing breast cancer.  



Breast, prostate, skin and colon cancer have a strong association with low levels of D and lack of sunlight. All men will develop prostate cancer if they live long enough and lack of vitamin D is a major cause. Men who live in colder climates have a higher incidence of prostate cancer because they get less sunlight.  Vitamin D inhibits the growth of new, undesirable blood vessels that tumors require for nutrient supply and growth.



The Sun may be regarded as a huge nuclear fusion reactor and hence a source of neutrinos. In order to detect these a detector has been built at the bottom of the Homestake mine in South Dakota.. The detector is full of industrial cleaning fluid since Chlorine 37 is converted to Argon by the occasional neutrino; measuring the Argon content gives a measure of the neutrino flux through the detector.


According to the Markandeya Puran, the Sun is the embodiment of Brahma, the world originates from the Sun and is established in it.   


The sun's diameter  is 108 times that of the earth. The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun.   This is one of the the reasons that Hindu Rudraskha malas have 108 beads.


Has anybody ever wondered how ancient Indians knew this and recorded this 7000 years ago?  How did the ancient Indians know the 9 planets , and record their diameters?

The British made a big hue and cry when German Jew Sir Frederick William Herschel ( 1738-1822 ) "discovered " Uranus on March 13th 1781 --  hi hi the stupid Indians never knew all this. .   First of all Hershel was given our Vedas by German Jew Rothschild.  

Indian Vedic astrology does NOT use Uranus (Shweta ) Neptune ( Shyama) Pluto ( Teevra )- as named in 7000 year old Vedas Vyasa Muni , just because they are too far away to affect your DNA and they stay in one single rashi for too long.

I have written a small account of the famous Rothschild sponsored Herschel grandfather- father-, son trio in my post ISAAC NETWON THE CALCULUS THIEF- VADAKAYIL






Anybody wants to ridicule the Vedas as shepherd's verses any more?  

I listen to the evangelists of various religions preaching on cable TV daily for the past 2 decades --  

-- how shallow!  

--- full of mindless LOUD rhetoric ! 

( Truth and words of great value do not have to be screamed across or conveyed with chicanery like a slimy lawyer in a court room ! )

I am still waiting to hear a single intelligent talk !!

No wonder the world is coming back to Hinduism-- it took this quantum age to understand 7000 year old shepherd's verses , right?  These divine Vedic verses were handed over orally and learnt by heart from 11000 BC to 5000 BC.
********************************************************************
GOTRA SYSTEM , KHAP RULES , Y CHROMOSOME , DNA , GENETIC BIRTH DEFECTS – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL,


CONSANGUINEOUS MARRIAGES,  KHAP PANCHAYAT PETITION TO AMEND HINDU MARRIAGE ACT,  MITOCHONDRIAL DNA,  GENETIC MALE LINEAGE- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

Nearly three and a half decades ago, I was in Mumbai doing my Mate’s exams. While walking down to a nearby restaurant with my friend for lunch , we came across a purse full of money lying on the street. 

Since it was a Sunday, the street was fairly deserted.  Pretty soon a guy came from the opposite direction , and it appeared that he was indeed searching frantically for his purse, his eyes darting here and there on the ground.

So we asked him “ Have you lost something?”

He said ” Yes, my purse is missing from my back pocket”

Immediately a Bawajee ( an old Parsee gentleman ) within  earshot started imploring at the top of his voice “ Maine nahi liya! Maine nahi liya!—Mai—“  in a shrill squeaky voice.

I took out the purse and gave it to the rightful owner and then all the three of us tried to convince the Bawajee , that the purse is indeed found,  and that nobody has accused him of stealing it.

To be frank, we spent the next 5 minutes calming this hyper venting old man, that he is NOT involved at all, the purse has been found and all is fine..   

For a minute we thought he would collapse and die, and then we would be charged for man slaughter, if we were NOT lynched by a mob .  The sentiment on the street would be " Aree bhaiya, bichara Bawajee ko kyun tangh kiya?"

For everybody in India knows of the Parsi inbreeding genetic brith defect problem , which rears its ugly head once they have crossed 40.  Till the age of 25, the Parsi girls are so lovely and the men firm limbed and level headed.

This episode shook us so badly that we decided to have a chilled beer. My friend could NOT help giggling , and asked me if the old guy was mad.

I told him “ It was just his Y chromosome playing up" 

To put it in layman's language "same gotra marriages" within a VERY SMALL community.

Parsis , a small community which migrated from Iran to India in 950 AD , are guilty of marrying within themselves. They marry their close relatives .  If they marry outside they are ex-communicated and they lose their free perks from their trust having deep pockets.



A portion of what I told him  3.5 decades ago , will now be reproduced in this post.

Now I want you to punch into Google search CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE- VADAKAYIL, and get introduced to a stupid IDIOT of the first order.

In recent past , brown noser  Hindu ministers  ( to curry favour with a Hindu hating WTE—waitress turned empress , ) have found it necessary to condemn all Indian traditional systems like Gotra system as nonsense. 



These same ministers would declare in parliament that Gotra system, Hindu horoscopes and Astrology is all nonsense.  But when it comes to their own daughters and sons , they have NOT neglected the Gotra and horoscope system .

In my own case, my parents matched 77 horoscopes , before the 78th horoscope ( of my wife- lucky gal!!  ) matched.  I am from matrilineal Kerala where we do NOT have the Gotra system. So I don’t have an axe to grind, being a neutral person. 

But I will explain the amazing science behind this. This ancient Vedic science became clear only a few decades ago with progress in science in DNA research.

It is amazing that 7000 years ago, the Vedic Maharishis, in all their wisdom knew of the Y chromosome.  The Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person quite easily.

Gotra means cowshed in Sanskrit.  The Gotra system was started among Brahmins, which was a system to classify and identify the families in the community. 



When it comes to handing down Vedic knowledge verbally, from 9000 BC to 5000 BC, this is most important. The Vedas were written in 5000 BC.



The Gotra are descents from ‘Saptarishi’, meaning 7 sages. The seven sages are Agastya, Angirasa, Atri, Kashyapa, Bhrigu, Vasistha, and Bharadwaja.   



Much later Kshatriyas and Vaishya’s jumped into this system,  to be one up above the Shudras, and they subverted the Gotra requirements.  



This was induced by the British Christian invader – to alienate the vast majority of low caste Shudras and drive fissures into Hinduism with the assistance of false gods like BR Ambedkar and Periyar EV Ramaswamy , who declared that British rule is better than self rule.. 



The issue of same Gotra marriages is a hot topic recently.  Several organisations which includes Khap Panchayats of Haryana, Delhi, Rajasthan and U.P are demanding that Hindu Marriage Act should be amended to ban marriages between the same Gotra.  Gujjars, Rajputs, Banias, Brahmins and Punjabis strongly opposes the same Gotra marriages

India now has 1300 million people. Khap panchayats are raising this issue in a violent manner , to maintain their relevance and sustain their eroding supremacy. More than  250 Gotra chains have been explicitly listed.





The Khaps are carried away by the visuals of their Murrah Buffalos.  Murrah buffalo, the pride of Haryana is the result of hybridzation .  Jet black in colour, sometimes with white markings on face or legs, these male bulls weigh 800 kilos of prime beef.  The females give fantastic amounts of milk around 35 litres. 

We have Muslims and Christians keeping track of their Gotras . They want to claim superiority over lesser mortals in their new found religion, and have the best of both worlds.  It is more of a social issue now.

Some Buddhists to claim divine lineage and superiority,  give unsolicited declarations of their Gowthama Gotra. Buddha, was a Hindu by the name of Siddhartha .  His Y-chromosomes is from  Rig-Vedic  Rishi  'Gowthama  Rahoogana'.  Selfishness propels them to claim all this.  Buddha lived in 1900 BC.   Considering 4 generations per century,  a lot of water has flown down the Ganges. These people do NOT even know the birth and death dates of Buddha.  They claim he was born in 563 BC, a date arbitrarily written by lying British  historians over brandy and cigars.



They claim that boys and girls of the same Gotra are like brothers and sisters and marriage between them can produce off springs with birth defects.  The Delhi High Court, Punjab and Haryana High Courts have rejected the petitions demanding ban between the same Gotra marriages stating that there is no such provision in the statuette book.

The pseudo Hindu ministers in the coterie of WTE non-believers  have  referred  to  'Gothra'  as  archaic,  unscientific, irrelevant and male chauvinistic! 

Oh yeah?


Modern DNA science have seconded what our ancient seers have written down in all their wisdom.  

The white Christian invader and Rothschild  have destroyed these texts in the quest to “divide and rule”.  It was about making deep fissures in Hindu society.  In India we have this great oral system down the line.

Modern  DNA  and genetic  research  has  confirmed  male  line  Y chromosomal transference. In a widely publicized case , it was proved at great expense and time through 8 generations in case of Thomas Jefferson, the 3rd President of America and a founding father..  

'Gotra' in basically Y-chromosomal identity.   Thomas  Jefferson's  had secret sex with a slave Sally Fleming who bore his children.

For nearly 200 years, since  US  president  Thomas  Jefferson's  time,  Americans who respected Jefferson wre in denial. They said , NO, he did not screw Sally--technically or non-technically.



But the descendants of Sally claimed that they are the rightful progeny of  the American founding father.
So DNA science came to the rescue.


The genetic DNA study of descendents of Jefferson family and Sally Fleming's  family,  has  confirmed  that,  US President Thomas Jefferson was indeed the father of at least one of the sons of Sally Fleming.  

Like how DNS science caught Bill Clinton with his pants down in the Monica Lewsinsky case.



DNA geneticists used a scientific fact,  that most of the male Y-chromosome is passed intact from father to son.  Females do not carry the Y-chromosome.  This truth known 7000 years ago to our Vedic seers,  has been used to trace the paternal lineage,  and  catch Jefferson with his pants down, like Billy baby..

Thomas  Jefferson's.Thomas Jefferson did not have surviving sons from his legal wife. But his paternal uncle's male lineage is in tact to present time.. The genetic Y-chromosome of these persons (eight generations down from Thomas Jefferson's  paternal  uncle)  living  at  present  time  was  used  as  the reference. 

This was compared with intact male line persons from (Five generations down from) Sally Fleming living presently. The geneticists used polymorph markers so that Y-chromosome can be distinguished by haplotypes.  



They  found  that  Sally  Fleming's  son  Eston's  male  line progeny had same haplotypes as Field Jefferson who was paternal uncle of Thomas Jefferson. Using other physical and living proximity factors, the geneticists have concluded that Eston Fleming was indeed the son of Thomas Jefferson and Sally Fleming.




Check out the video above to find out why Monica baby got a bad taste!

Like I said before in Kerala we do NOT have gotra system. 

If you want to know more about what happened in Kerala, punch into Google search THE WORST RACISTS ON PLANET EARTH- VADAKAYIL.

In a nut shell it is as flows.

Lord Parashurama came down to Kerala with a bunch of Brahmins in 4000 BC, when the river Saraswati dried up.  On the way some of them decided to settle down at river Zuari of Goa. Lord Parashurama was very pro-brahmin and he hated the warrior caste. He himself was a warrior saint. 

Ask anybody from Kerala “ Why did the creator of Kerala Parashurama throw his axe? “ – and if the guy or gal cannot answer this simple question then she or he is NOT a Malayali.  The answer you will get is “ He threw his axe to reclaim land from the Arabian sea”.



The real thing is he used his axe power to snatch the land off rightful owners and donate the whole plains of Kerala to Namoodiri Brahmins.  Kerala is a very narrow strip of land between the sea and the Western Ghat mountain range. 

In those days Kerala had two clans.  Malayyars , who lived on the mountains ( and are still there ) and Thirayyars who lived on the plains and did sea navigation.. Well the Thirayyars lost their lands. 


The patron saint of the Kerala Thirayyars  is  Rishi Therayar , the first disciple of Maharishi Agastya . Agastya , the greatest of the Sapt Rishis, also famous as the first of the Siddhas , who also founded the Kalari Payattu art of fighting.


The Namboodiris wanted to keep this newly acquired land for themselves without giving it away. They created  a bizarre social nay sex system to sustain this diabolical greed for land.  They literally painted themselves into a corner. Today they are responsible for their own object condition and lack of numbers

Only the eldest Namboodiri son would marry.  Rest will just screw around with all the attractive women they see,  called “SAMBANDHAM” (sexual liason ).  

Nair women themselves could  NOT come within 6 feet ( man-length ) of a Namboodiri , as per the Namboodiri laws of untouchability  ( ze bed is exempted TEE HEEEEE!) .   

All lower caste woman had to expose their breast in public, and the Nair watchdogs enforced it under fear of losing both breasts at the sharp edge of their swords.. All this is NOT allowed as per the Vedas, as the noble seers were NOT racists

Later this type of sexual anarchy was more organized.  Their offsprings with NIL claim to their father became a separate Kshatriya clan , called the Nair clan. 

This clan was inclusive of the current  Menon, Nambiar, Pillai, Kurup, Adiyodi, Asan, Eradi, Kaimal, Kartha, Nayanar, Nayars, Menoki, Achan, Thampi, Vellodi, Panickar, Unnithan etc.. 

They would carry swords all the time and take care of the feudal overlords with excess loyaly , to get a piece of the spoils.  Namboodiris would now only attempt to have sex with their own home production – the  Nair clan. The  Nair clan of course between themselves. 

They created  Kerala’s matriarchal system.  Nair women were truly bohemian.  While the Nair men went for the battles,  all the ladies lived in their respective Tharavadu or ancestral bungalow. There would be a Karunavar guardian,  a senior uncle who would stay with them ladies . 

There was no concept of marriage in the Nair clan. When a Nair man meets an woman who caught his beady eye he hands over a pudava (a cotton garment or mundu) and he is invited to her house. While the man spends the days in his own house, the night is spent with this lady in her house having sex.  He left at dawn after a bath.

The Nair man had zilch commitments to her and when he walks out, it’s up to ze lady if she wants to wait for him or find another suitor.  If the same suitor returns after the battle, and finds another pair of footwear outside the house, then that means she has allowed a new man in.  

And he goes away with or without a heartache.  This system brought full security to women as they called the shots and were never displaced from their houses. The man enters their life and exits at her sweet will.  The man has to adopt to her ways and make life work according to her system or she will put her pretty foot down or connect it on his martial ass — sword or no sword.


In South India where there is NO gotra, Hindu Hindu society allowed marriage to maternal uncle’s daughter, or paternal aunt’s daughter.  But marriage to father’s brother’s daughter was not allowed, as they belonged to the same gotra in the patrilineal society.

Poor North Indian women. They could NOT kick male ass even in their dreams.  Ironically, here it is just the reverse.  In North India , the women are packed off with a nice dowry in urban households (in the form of gold, money furniture, car ...everything for her household) and then she has no claim to anything in her parents’ house. 

She adopts her husband’s gotra, family name, mother-in-law tantrums,  sister in law taunts, brother in law's “devar-bhabiji- flirtation”  and all base nonsense that comes along.  The man sits as the head of the table,  decides what a woman should live and breathe— what to cook, wear,  while a woman, no matter how educated must comply under all circumstances.

South Indian mother-in-laws’ are more graceful than the “battle axe “ North Indian one.  Having suffered in a indifferent system for long , their DNA gets warped and they release all their pent up frustrations on the newly married educated daughter-in-law who wants to enjoy life with her husband.


According to modern medical science, an inbred man or women may suffer from as many as 6000 ailments, arising out of genetic disorder linked to consanguineous marriages, starting from physical deformity, micro cephalous, lower IQ, mental retardation to kidney and liver malfunctioning and so on. But the most common diseases are Sickle-cell disease (SCD), or sickle-cell anaemia (SCA) or drepanocytosis sickle beta-plus-thalassaemia

Like I said before, the great seer Rishis of India had created the Gotra system to ensure that inbreeding  (which destroys the physical and mental faculties of their descendants)  does not occur. 

These descendants had to learn Vedas by heart and pass it on for future generations .  It was only in 5000 BC that the Vedas changed from oral tradition to written.



Let me stick to the gotra system in Brahmins, to keep things simple.  Each gotra takes the name of a famous rishi or sage, who was the patrilineal forebear of the clan.  Gotra is a concept of patrilineal classification, which identifies the families of a caste.  As the population increased so did the number of gotras.

The original rishis after whom the gotras were named were just eight in number . Gotras were further subdivided into ganas and sub ganas. Another concept is that of Pravar Rishis who were a few of the most learned and capable sages belonging to that gotra.  Each Brahmin was thus known by his gotra, pravar, sutra and shakha.

There are exceptions to the rule too. For example the descendents of Maharishis Bhrigu and Angirasa cannot marry, because of the same Pravara Rishis, which are common to the two individuals.

The weddings in India are fixed as per the Gotra of the bride and groom. Gotra matching is one of the most important concerns in North indian Hindu matrimony. Wedding in similar Gotra is strictly prohibited.  Hindus are very conservative about the caste system and Gotra.

In the North Indian Hindu society, it is necessary to inquire about the clan and lineage of the bride and groom, before finalizing a wedding alliance.  You can check out the matrimonial ads of North Indians and South Indians. 


In the North , it is believed that wedding between same Gotra will lead to destruction of the family and clan, and if the bride and groom belong to different Gotras, their alliance will bring down the chances of congenital birth defects through an increase in the frequency of homozygotes. The girl belongs to her father’s Gotra until her wedding, and then becomes member of his Husband’s Gotra after wedding.

Our DNA is packaged into tiny strings called chromosomes. We have a pair of each of our chromosomes, one from mom and one from dad.  Before being passed on, the two chromosomes in each pair swap DNA.  This is called recombination and it's important for making all of us unique.

But it confuses ancestry tests because it breaks up the patterns. After about five generations, the patterns are in such small chunks that we can't easily trace them anymore. So most of your DNA can only trace your roots back around a hundred years.

The cheaper tests look at DNA that doesn't do much recombining -- the Y chromosome and mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA). You can only trace paternal lines with the Y and only maternal lines with mtDNA. This means these tests miss a whole lot of relatives.



The Y chromosome is a piece of DNA with the genes that tell a baby to be a boy. It is passed from father to son. So, if you have a Y chromosome you know you got it from your dad, and you know he got it from his dad, all the way back in time.



Men have one X chromosome and one Y chromosome while women have two X chromosomes. DNA swapping happens between a pair of chromosomes, and since the Y chromosome doesn't have a pair, it can't swap DNA.  



So patterns stick around for a long time, and this was known to our ancient Vedic seers and written down 7000 year ago.  Couples have lost their lives and have been ex-communicated for NOT disregarding gotra -- this is how sure the system is.


But what if you're a gal?  Then there is another small piece of DNA involved,


Most of the DNA of your body is found in a part of the cell called the nucleus. Dad doesn't pass on his mitochondria, but mom does. So that DNA only comes from your mom, and her mom, and her mom, all the way back.


Just like the Y chromosome, mitochondrial DNA doesn't get scrambled. So that DNA tells where your mom's mom's mom (and so forth) was thousands of years ago. But since most women don't pass on their last names, it's harder to find living relatives using this test.



If you want know where your most recent ancestors came from and get in touch with living relatives, you'll probably need the expensive test that looks at all of your DNA. If you are only interested in your more ancient origins, a cheaper test, either of the Y chromosome or of mtDNA, will give you that information.




In North Indian temples , just to fleece the devotee , especially if he looks well heeled,  the priest will make it a point to ask ( taking the offerings ),  the votary's Birth Star, Gotra and name , which is ridiculous indeed.  The priest repeats the name, the Gotra and the Birth star to complete the process so that they are announced and recorded in ethereal .  

In South Indian temples NO priest or panda will try to fleece a person inside the temple. The only correct way to resolve a particular Gotra claim in India is to perform DNA analysis of Y Chromosome in males. There are three types of genealogical DNA tests, autosomal (atDNA), mitochondrial DNA (mtDNA), and Y-Chromosome (Y-DNA). Autosomal tests for all ancestry. Y-DNA tests a male along his direct paternal line. mtDNA tests a man or woman along their direct maternal line.

We must not forget that a gotra is nothing but a CLAIMED mythological descent from a Rishi. 7000 years ago, there were very few people in India.  In between we were slaves for 800 years , and lot of selfish people who look like adivasis  nay monkeys shifted gears . 

If a person looking like a monkey, and having sh#t for brains, says that he belongs to the Bharadwaja Gotra then it means that we are supposed to believe that he traces back his male ancestry to the ancient Maharishi Bharadwaja 7000 years ago--and fall on his feet, right?




This claim is most of the time pure bullshit,  to pump up their self importance.  Imagine Pakistani nuclear smuggler A Q Khan, claming that he was a lineal descendant of Mahmud of Ghazni! And recently British spy Princess, Noor Inayat Khan to Tipu Sultan—so that Christians and Jews can wean away the Sufis.


The gotra system was an attempt by Vedic Maharishis to protect the Y Chromosome from becoming extinct. It was NOT all about conveying the Vedas by oral route alone.

It was to sustain the human race, too.

One ancestory line is the direct female line, that goes through our mother's mother's mother, down which we inherit the mitochondrial DNA inside the X chromosome, that we all have. The other is the direct father-to-father line,  down which men inherit the Y chromosome.  

Gotra is a family tree whose root can be traced to a common ancestor.  Since it is exogamous and patrilineal, it is based only on the  the Y chromosome. . A man cannot marry a woman of the same gotra. But a male can marry a woman of the same gotra at least seven degrees removed from his father.

The rule of the Gotra system is that the Gotra of men remains the same, while the Gotra of the woman becomes the Gotra of their husband after marriage. Now suppose a person has only daughters and no sons. In that case his Gotra will end with him in that lineage because his daughters will belong to the Gotras of their husbands after their marriage! This was probably the reason why in the ancient vedic or hindu societies it was preferred to have atleast one son along with any number of daughters, so that the Gotra of the father could continue.

Thus the gotra system has to do with the Y Chromosome alone .  Humans have 23 pairs of Chromosomes and in each pair one Chromosome comes from the father and the other comes from the mother. So in all we have 46 Chromosomes in every cell, of which 23 come from the mother and 23 from the father.

Of these 23 pairs, there is one pair called the Sex Chromosomes which decide the gender of the person. During conception, if the resultant cell has XX sex chromosomes then the child will be a girl and if it is XY then the child will be a boy. X chromosome decides the female attributes of a person and Y Chromosome decides the male attributes of a person.

When the initial embryonic cell has XY chromosome, the female attributes get suppressed by the genes in the Y Chromosome and the embryo develops into a male child. Since only men have Y Chromosomes, son always gets his Y Chromosome from his father and the X Chromosome from his mother. On the other hand daughters always get their X Chromosomes, one each from both father and mother.

So the Y Chromosome is always preserved throughout a male lineage (Father – Son  -  Grandson etc) because a Son always gets it from his father, while the X Chromosome is not preserved in the female lineage (Mother, Daughter, Grand Daughter etc) because it comes from both father and mother.



A mother will pass either her mother’s X Chromosome to her Children or her father’s X Chromosome to her children or a combination of both because of both her X Chromosomes getting mixed (called as Crossover). On the other hand, a Son always gets his father’s Y Chromosome and that too almost intact without any changes because there is no corresponding another Y chromosome in his cells to do any mixing as his combination is XY, while that of females is XX which hence allows for mixing as both are X Chromosomes.
Y Chromosome is the only Chromosome which gets passed down only between the men in a lineage. 

Women never get this Y Chromosome in their body. And hence Y Chromosome plays a crucial role in modern genetics in identifying the Genealogy ie male ancestry of a person. And the Gotra system was designed to track down the root Y Chromosome of a person quite easily.



The Y Chromosome is the only Chromosome which does not have a similar pair in the human body. The pair of the Y Chromosome in humans is X Chromosome which is significantly different from Y Chromosome. Even the size of the Y Chromosome is just about one third the size of the X Chromosome. In other words throughout evolution the size of the Y Chromosome has been decreasing and it has lost most of its genes and has been reduced to its current size. Scientists are debating whether Y Chromosome will be able to survive for more than a few million years into the future or whether it will gradually vanish, and if it does so whether it will cause males to become extinct! 



Obviously because Y Chromosome is the one which makes a person male or a man. And the reason for all this is that unlike other Chromosomes, there is no way for Y Chromosome to repair itself by doing cross over with its Chromosomal pair. All other Chromosomes come in similar pairs and when there the DNA of one Chromosome gets damaged the cell can repair it by copying over the DNA from the other Chromosome in that pair as both the Chromosomes in all other pairs are almost identical in nature. 


This copying (or crossing over as it is called) also allows different combinations of mix and matches to happen between the genes of mother and father and allows the best of the matches to survive and hence make the Chromosomes stronger as they evolve in successive generations. Even X Chromosomes in female undergo this mix and match since there are two X Chromosomes in women.

Females have XX chromosomes , and any damage in one X chromosome can be corrected by simply copying the genetic data from the other X chromosome. 

Men have XY Chromosomes !  Y Chromosomes do not have any corresponding equivalent Chromosome in its pair. It can exist only in a XY Combination and X cannot mix and match with Y except for a small 5% of X which matches with Y, while the remaining 95% of Y Chromosome which is crucial in the development of a male have absolutely no match at all!. It is this 95% of the Y Chromosome which is completely responsible in humans for creating a male or a man.



But at the same time, Y Chromosome has to depend on itself to repair any of its injuries and for that it has created duplicate copies of its genes within itself. However this does not stop DNA damages in Y Chromosome which escape its local repair process from being propagated into the offspring males. This causes Y Chromosomes to accumulate more and more defects over a prolonged period of evolution and scientists believe that this is what is causing the Y Chromosome to keep losing its weight continuously.



As discussed earlier other Chromosomes do not face this issue because they have corresponding pairs from both the parents and the DNA damage could be easily corrected most of the time by the mix and match process that takes place between the two Chromosomes in a pair. This Chromosomal crossover process eliminates damaged genes and is one of the key processes in evolution of life.

So to summarize, Y Chromosome which is crucial for the creation and evolution of males has a fundamental weakness which is denying it participation in the normal process of evolution via Chromosomal mix and match to create better versions in every successive generation, and this weakness MAY lead to the extinction of Y Chromosome altogether over the next few million years, and if that happens scientists are not sure whether that would cause males to become extinct or not.  And that is because Scientists are not sure whether any other Chromosome in the 23 pairs will be able to take over the role of the Y Chromosome or not.  



This proves that our Vedic seers had observed the degeneration of the Y Chromosome and they wanted to maintain as many individual healthy unique Y Chromosome lineages as possible. 

That would give a fair chance for males to continue to exist because Y Chromosomes get passed on over generations with almost negligible change in their genetic combinations, as they do not take part in mix and match with other Chromosome.


The Maharishis created the Gotra system where they barred marriage between a boy and a girl belonging to the same Gotra no matter how deep the lineage tree was, in a bid to prevent inbreeding and completely eliminate all recessive defective genes from the human DNA.


Manu-smriti states that Hindus should leave 7 generations from the fathers side and 5 generations from the mother side before fixing up a marriage—to preserve the integrity of the Y chromosome.

Punch into Google search MANU , THE FIRST LAW MAKER -- VADAKAYIL


I had seen a Pakistani movie BOL where the old man beats up his wife as she gave birth only to girls—and the one boy she had was a hermaphrodite.  The Muslim community is destroying themselves the Parsi way by inter-breeding.   



Females carry only X chromosomes, while males carry both X and Y chromosomes. So it is actually the male  whose chromosome decides whether the offspring will be a male or a female.  No point in beating up your wife.


Since the Khap Caste Councils are powerful instruments during election times, they are propped up by desh drohi politicians.  There are nearly 2700 Jat gotras and they have nothing to do with the Brahmanical gotras and Saptarishis and all that.  


Above :-- a king sized Hookah is a personality prop in a Khap Panchayat meeting.

Gotra names based on place-names are Sindhu, Gandhari, Tushar, Nehra, Bhind etc.  Some gotra names are based on titles too such as Rawat, Rao, Chauhan, Parihar, Parmar, Rana, Thakur, Chaudhuri etc.

Om Prakash Chautala (ex-CM) , Naveen Jindal (Congress MP from Kurukshetra) and several others have been pleading the cases of khap panchayats with the Central Government. These Khap panchayats must be legally banned, once NDA comes to power.

 The khap panchayats have unwritten laws, to wield extraordinary power. Their decisions that bind the villagers in a reign of terror ,are clearly illegal and extra-Constitutional.



Let us remember Manoj (23) and wife Babli (19) who were killed on 15 June 2007 by the order of a khap panchayat and were forced to drink pesticide. 

This happened despite police protection to the couple based on a High Court Order since the Policemen melted away from the scene despite being armed.

Italian queen Bee supported caste revivalism has caused  politically influential and ambitious Jat landlords to hop on to the Khap bandwagon. 

Can you imagine a first time independent and a non-entity like Gopal Goyal Kanda splurged money which he got out of illegal land deals , and became home minister of Haryana in Sonia’s UPA government . 

How did Robert Vadra get his million? From land deals , right?  

These local landlords became self-appointed Pradhans and MahaSachivs of various Khaps in funny looking old fashion clothes.  Every Khap agitation are fuelled by the same goons, belonging Congress or Chautala’s India National Lok Dal . When they go abroad they are dressed up in 3 piece suits.. 

These Khaps are mortally scared of women getting empowered. 




Something very strange happened during the Maruti car factory riots. The Khaps came out in large numbers to support the Maruti management in Manesar , going against the labour forces.  

What is the catch?  

This means there is an unholy nexus between Capitalism and feudalism .  These Khaps support FDI in Multibrand retail--pray- why?




Two decades ago, whoever  heard of Khaps ? 

The real estate boom has surprisingly revived these feudal structures.  The Khap Panchayats are strongest in Jhajjar, Rohtak, Sonepat, Panipat and Western U.P. -- districts around Delhi which have been the biggest gainers from the recent real estate boom.






Gotra is a mere social identity marker and not a genetic entity in this modern age of 1300 million Indians, with a whole variety of castes and clans in the fray. . 

Majority 72% honour killing cases are inter caste marriages ( rich poor too ) and only 3 % same gotra marriages. 



First cousin marriages and same gotra marriages  cannot be equated and hence the genetic implications as well.





Illiterate Khap elders can be seen these days talking through their turbans like experts on genetics. They argue that any kind of sexual relation between two sexes in a particular gotra is rightly treated as  incest, as the offspring of such an alliance would have genetic disorders. 



THIS IS PURE UNADULTERATED NONSENSE.

You will NOT see too many colour blind people ( or even homosexuals )  in India, because of the Gotra system..


Ccolor blindness is primarily inherited by way of a mutated X Chromosome.  Due to the fact that men only have one X chromosome, if they are handed a faulty X chromosome (by a carrier mother) they will be color blind.  






Women on the other hand have two X chromosomes, which is why many less women are color blind than men. 




The odds that both X chromosomes are faulty is extremely low, and the healthy one will take precedence providing normal perception of color.
********************************************************************
RIP IMPOSSIBLE WITH BURIAL, THE WORLD IS GOING BACK TO CREMATION- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
HINDU WAY OF OPEN AIR CREMATION OF DEAD BODY ,  SKULL POPPING SOLITON WAVE ,   SOUL PROPULSION ON CARRIER WAVE TO COMPATIBLE AKASHA PLANE ,  DESTRUCTION OF CADAVER TO QUANTUM ELEMENTS , CREMATION VERSUS BURIAL - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



Hinduism is the original religion of this planet. Every Stonehenge you find on this planet is a Mandala of Sanatana Dharma.  The Hindu gods travelled by Vimanas or flying saucers propelled by gyroscopic mercury ion technology.

Punch into Google search THE FLIGHT OF THE VEDIC VIMANA- VADAKAYIL.

After one hundred centuries of the “pagan” religion , men dressed up as gods and new religions like Buddhism, Jainism, Judaism, Christianity, Islam , Sikhism, Mormons etc came into this planet.
Cremation was banned in most religions while Buddhism, Jainism, Sikhism being Indian offshoots of Hinduism continued with this practice.


Hinduism was considered a PAGAN ( savage ) religion , and our Vedas written in 5000 BC, were ridiculed as shepherd’s verses. Vatican did their part in injecting poison into Hinduism by sending Christian missionaries trained as  printers with press , translating our holy books all the while injecting poison into them.  

For example the 9th avatar of Vishnu Lord Ayyappa was born out of homosexual union between Hindu gods Lord Shiva as male and Lord Vishnu on the receiving end.  Even today Wikipedia spreads such poison everywhere.  Punch into Google search MOHINI WIKIPEDIA.  

Lord Shiva's pineal gland was converted into his prick inset in a vagina.

They fudged the religion so badly that Hindus themselves felt ashamed . There was no way we could retaliate as we were slaves for 800 years. Vatican even tried to say that white Aryans invaded India just to write our vedas ( SNIFF!) .  In this DNA age it is proved that Indian Aryan exodus was outwards in 4000 BC.

Then one fine day they burst the first nuclear bomb.  Shocked German physicists realized that the power of the atom  was mentioned clearly in our Vedas. 

The Vedic missiles and Vimanas were mind controlled . the trigger for nuclear missiles was a personalized sound mantra in Sanskrit. The advent of Quantum physics further proved that Vedas are priceless. 

Einstein’s theory and formula that energy and matter are inter-convertible was known to Indians 11000 years ago. 

The “quantum double slit experiment” of the power of conscious observation was written down all over the Vedas. 

The spectrum of energy waves, the butterfly effect, the tangled state, worm holes, the solition wave etc—all were written in such great clarity—that all these quantum scientists Jews, Christians etc opted for cremation instead of burial. 

Now punch into Google search THE WORLD IS COMING BACK TO HINDUISM- VADAKAYIL.

What you believe in, you do to yourself , right? The Western world was shocked that that men of such caliber like Albert Einstein, Sigmund Freud, Robert Oppenheimer, John F. Kennedy, Rudyard Kipling, George Bernard Shaw, Arthur Rubenstein, Neville Chamberlain, Alexander Fleming, George Harrison, John Lennon –the entire intellectual cream opted for Vedic Hindu last rites and cremation—without caring for ex-communication.


Knowing that their last wish might NOT be honoured ( under pressure from their church and religious bodies ) , these people put it down in their wills-- in which case it would be a crime NOT to cremate their bodies.


Now punch into Google search :-
PROUD TO BE HINDU, PROUD TO BE INDIAN- VADAKAYIL.

It was a Russian by the name of Dimitri Mendeleyev who first said that he discovered his periodic table only because he knew the Sanskrit alphabets—and he just flowed along .

Today I will tell you why REST IN PEACE (RIP ) is a fallacy when your body is buried — as per quantum physics. 

I am NOT into conversions , so I don't care if you believe me or not.




Immediately after witnessing Indira Gandhis’ cremation and last rites, conducted by her son Rajiv Gandhi , one visiting Western Christian English speaking dignitary asked him , "Could you really do that to your mother?".  Only Christians are capable of such uncultured , insensitive talk and such bad timing --  not even atheists.

In the past , the hardcore Jew Rabbis care two hoots for such last wishes, as it is TABOO to cremate in Jewish faith .  

According to Rabbi Jeremy Kalmanofsky, a prominent Conservative rabbi in New York City, family members increasingly struggle with the wrenching question of whether to go against the wishes of dead Jews who have asked to be cremated. “I personally think that as a matter of Jewish law and tradition, that while it is good to honor the request of your dying loved ones, that it is forbidden to cremate a body, and that people are not obliged to follow those requests,” said Kalmanofsky, who leads Congregation Ansche Chesed in Manhattan. 

Some congregants bow down to Kalmanofsky’s fiat and secretly betray their parent’s last wish , burying them instead of cremating them.  

All this is now changing , and more and more modern Jews wish to be cremated, ever since Einstein led by example, with their children honouring this last wish,  and not bothering about ex-communication from their faith. They dont care if the Rabbis boycott the last rites . 

Brett Schwartz, a funeral director at Goldstein’s Rosenberg’s Raphael Sacks, a large funeral home with two locations in the Philadelphia area, said that 14% of the deaths they handle are cremations.  Joe Levine, of the city’s other major Jewish funeral home, Joseph Levine & Sons, said that roughly  11% of the funerals he handles are cremations. “If you were to go back as little as 15 years ago, it was 2.5 %,” Levine said.

Rabbi Adam Zeff, spiritual leader of Germantown Jewish Centre, a Conservative synagogue in Philadelphia, said “As rabbis trying to encourage people to follow Jewish tradition, certainly the cemeteries are not our partners in that,” Zeff said. “They’re in the business of serving their clients, so if the client wants to do something, they will do it.”

This abandonment of ritual and faith have even Orthodox rabbis worried.  As it is NOT about low cremation costs , as almost all the Jews who wished to be cremated were filthy rich.

“Jews have always had the tradition, going back to biblical times, to create a space on earth to mourn the dead,” said Rabbi Andy Bachman, spiritual leader of Congregation Beth Elohim, a Reform synagogue in Brooklyn. “The simplest way to put it is, if you go all the way back to Abraham’s first act after Sarah died, it was to secure a plot of land in order to bury her.”

Among non-Jews, the popularity of the practice has skyrocketed in recent decades. In the year  2011, 45% of deaths in North America were cremated ,  and it is leap frogging every year— up from just 15% in 1985, according to a report published by the Cremation Association of North America, a trade group.  

There are few buyers for the ‘dust-to-dust’, ‘ashes-to-ashes’ teachings, when it comes to the journey to the unknown . Cremation is forbidden in Christianity because it might interfere with God's ability to resurrect the body.  Seeing the inevitable, the Catholic Church declared that they still officially prefers the traditional burial or entombment of the deceased, but cremation is now permitted as long as it is not done to express a "refusal to believe in the resurrection of the body". 

So, In 1997 the Vatican's Congregation for Divine Worship and the Discipline of the Sacraments granted an indult to allow for "...the celebration of the Funeral Liturgy, including Mass, in the presence of the cremated remains. 

Provided the cremation has not be inspired by motives contrary to Christian teaching such as respect for the body or the resurrection of the body.  The rationale  being, " The Lord can resurrect a bowl of ashes just as conveniently as he can resurrect a bowl of dust." 

In 1963, Vatican admitted defeat and Pope Paul VI lifted the ban on cremation, and in 1966 allowed Catholic priests to officiate at cremation ceremonies. If you cant beat them join them, right?. But still they made crematoriums which look like churches.

Protestant churches were much more welcoming of the use of cremation and at a much earlier date than the Catholic Church, as they too could NOT stem the anti-burial and pro-cremation strong tide. 


The Eastern Orthodox and Oriental Orthodox Churches strictly forbid cremation . In Orthodoxy, cremation is a rejection of the dogma of the general resurrection, and as such is viewed harshly, still people stonewalled and opted for cremation.


In ancient times throughout parts of Europe, cremation was forbidden by law, and even punishable by death . In Goa, India,  during the Portuguese inquisition, cremation was banned and most of the Hindus left their lands and migrated.  The poor having no choice , were given these deserted lands and houses and converted into Christianity.

An extreme form of cremation , when alive was used by Vatican authorities as part of punishment for heretics—this being burning at the stake.  

Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IN GOA, FRANCIS XAVIER - VADAKAYIL

  
It is my prediction that in another 20 years almost ALL Christians would prefer to be cremated.  


Muslims may NOT dare to do it for fear of violence from orthodox mullahs and social boycott.


Hindu cremations are done on wood and in open air.  When you cremate a dead body the high-temperatures of the fire (  >1000 deg C  ) cause  burning, vaporization, and oxidation to reduce it to basic chemical compounds, such as gases and mineral fragments retaining the appearance of dry bone.

An adult human body of 90 kilos will just leave behind 2 kilos of bone reside, mostly dry calcium phosphates with some minor minerals, such as salts of sodium and potassium, with a very small amount of carbon as carbonate..

Not burying the body has nothing to do with groundwater pollution. It is about shooting the soul,  riding a soliton carrier wave , to an akashic or ethereal plane, via a quantum wormhole- when the skull pops during cremation.  A soliton is the quantum chaos sine wave that achieves anti gravity.

Since past 11000 years Hindu vedic rituals require breaking of the coconut at Yagnas with intention.  It is form of bloodless sacrifice.  The liquid spilt is electrolytic plasma. In quantum physics terms -- it causes a " butterfly effect ".  This is about sending your intention as an instantaneous message, faster than light. 

Human perception occurs because of interactions between the subatomic particles of our brains and the quantum energy sea. We literally resonate the Cosmos. The quantum field or pure consciousness is influenced by intention.  Zero Point Field is an information field as it encodes everything that has left its traces in the form of Scalar waves in this universe. This boils down to the recording of every little thought that was ever thought and every little move that was ever made. The interference patterns of the scalar waves form a huge hologram that permeates the whole of the universe. Intention is like the tuning fork which causes other forks to resonate to the same frequency. 


Mind and matter are both made of the same basic stuff. The difference has to be found in the composition of vibration or ripples. Matter belongs to larger and slower waves, which implies that it possesses less energy of the absolute. Mind is made out of much finer ripples, which indicate that it contains more of the consciousness of the absolute. Scalar waves allow for information transfer across the universe, connecting every atom with every other atom and since these waves travel at super luminous speeds they could be the explanation of the non-local effects that were predicted in theory and empirically discovered in quantum physics.


The popping of the skull during cremation has a similar the same quantum effect.  In this case it shoots the soul into a distant astral akashik plane within a carrier soliton wave via a wormhole.   A soliton is the quantum chaos sine wave that achieves anti gravity.  

The strange properties of a soliton is used in fibre optics, for long distance transmission without use of repeaters or boosters. Dark soliton is used in a optical fibre, unlike water solitons like a tsunami.

All living humans have a body made up of vibrational energy which is a duplicate of the physical body and will survive physical death. This vibrational energy body invisible to physical eyes can change form but can never be destroyed and retains consciousness. 

At the time of physical death, the duplicate body will have reached a certain vibrational level and will go to an energy sphere that can accommodate that particular vibrations. The after life has different levels of energy which form different spheres according to the frequency of vibration. The faster the vibrations of a sphere the more spiritually evolved are the denizens.

We cannot observe the quantum world using our limited five senses. Instead we must imagine particles as they really are: structures of matter waves (like quantum waves) in their wave medium, the quantum ether.

Hindus do not believe in bodily resurrection and the reuniting of each soul with its physical body, so they place no importance on preserving the corpse, which is the intent of burial in Christianity and Islam. 

The Hindu belief in reincarnation gives assurance that death is merely the soul's release from the current life. An ancient text puts it simply, "Even as the snake sloughs off its skin, even as the bird leaves its shell, even as in its waking state the soul forgets happenings of the dream state, thus does the soul migrate from one body to another..." (Tirumantiram 2132).  

A true hindu shall love death as he loves this life.  New bodies are donned by the dweller, like garments.   Death is viewed in a positive light: as an escape from one life on the road to a better an ultimate moksha (nirvana), shanti (peace) and paramapada (the ultimate place). Reincarnation is viewed as a never-ending set of cycles. 


One may be reincarnated millions of times. Escape from the weary cycle of reincarnation can be achieved through escape into “an unchanging anonymous Absolute" and attaining moksha . The aim of the Hindu is to "get off the wheel," to escape the cycle and merge finally with the Oneness that was there before Creation began. 

Methods used on the path of escaping reincarnation include charity, grace , kindness, simple living, or living as per the laws of the universe. Death is only another station on our soul’s journey to the perfect life. Once we understand what life really is, then death will lose its horror. 

The reality of our life continues.  The process of dying is similar to that of birth. To be born into a material life is a very natural event. The soul changes spheres. To die is to be born into the spiritual worlds.

Hindus belive that the body is made up of five elements which are earth, water, air, fire and ether and that the God of Fire transports these five elements to their respective mother sources at death.  Agni (holy fire) is the purifying agent that enables the soul to be liberated from the physical body. Usually the body is cremated within six hours, and on the very day the death occurs.


Death is only separation of the astral body from the physical body .The soul leaves the body as soon as the person dies. Cremation in Hinduism is to induce a feeling of detachment into the freshly disembodied spirit,  lest it remain near its former body for too long. 

Women do NOT attend the cremation as they are prone to get emotionally more upset .  The point of a funeral is to show respect not sadness.  Hindus believe the dead are off to a world far better than the one they left behind. 



The soul remains in the vicinity until the ceremony is completed and the skull pops releasing the solition carrier wave .  


Every atom and molecule within us depends on the rest of the universe. If the rest of the universe did not exist we could not exist.

Energy exchange occurs between two resonant states with identical frequencies. When it occurs, a source state always shifts frequency downward and a receiver state shifts frequency upward. This equality produces the observed conservation of energy.

Hindus believe in the soul being indestructible; and that death symbolises end of the existence of a person's physical being, but the start of a new journey for the soul. This soul then reincarnates in some other life form, and passes through the same cycle of taking birth, growing and eventually meeting death- only to begin the cycle afresh. 

During the period between one's death and the next birth, one's soul remains in a subtle form (that which cannot be seen) and roams in space in a chosen plane of compatible vibrations until it enters another body at its birth. Every soul can ascend only as far as it has developed. It is a question of similar vibrations.  

Those who lead a life of austerity, meditation and grace can look forward to the possibility of reaching Brahmaloka. This is the "highest among the heavenly planes" and the dwelling place of Brahma himself. "This is a place of intensely spiritual atmosphere, whose inhabitants live, free from disease, old age, and death, enjoying uninterrupted bliss in the companionship of the Deity." 



There is no need for them to return to earth because they have freed themselves "from all material desires." While they do experience a sense of individuality, they also experience a oneness with Brahma. This is the realm of immortality.

According to the spiritual law of gravitation - like attracts like - the soul will be drawn to the plane of purification that corresponds to it, its corresponding sphere of purification, to souls which correspond to it.

The Hindu belief is that the soul is eternal, that is, it never dies. It continues to go through many rebirths until it merges with the supreme God, Brahman, and becomes free from . The soul, called atman, is given a new life and body as an appropriate reward for the kind of life ( Law of Karma-what you sow you shall reap  ) he led before.

Before the cremation, the dead body is brought home, washed, clothed, garlanded and laid on its back on the floor, head pointing south as the region of Yama, the God of Death, is in the south. A lamp is lit and placed near the head of the body and this lamp is not to be extinguished until the body is cremated. A vigil is kept until the time of the cremation.  While the corpse is in the house no family member or neighbor can eat, drink , have sex or work.

Relatives and friends pay their last respects by walking round the body and by placing some flowers on it. They offer condolences by only touching the hands of the grieving family members. As this is a solemn and sad moment, no food is prepared or served in a house where a death has occurred.

Since cremation should not take place after dark, if the person dies during the daylight hours, preparations should be hastily made so that the burning will take place before sunset.  Otherwise the body should be taken after sunrise the next day.  The body should be burned before decomposition sets in.

After the body has been prepared it is carried by male relatives on a flower-draped bamboo bier to the cremation ghats. There is no coffin.  Male relatives that carry the shrouded body chant “Rama nama satya hai,” the name of the God of Truth. The eldest son is in the lead. He has been purified in a special ritual and carries a fire kindled in the home of the deceased. 

The fire is carried in a black earthen pot. The bearers of the body should be bathed, shoeless and without upper cloth on their bodies.  The members of the procession should also be without upper cloth, and hair should be unbound.

At the cremation site, the services of a priest are usually engaged.  The eldest son performs the ceremony as directed by the priest or elder. If there is no son in the family, an elder male relative performs the ceremony.

The body is placed with the head pointing south. The eldest son carries a pot of water on his left shoulder, using his right hand to hold the pot in place. He has to circumambulate (or go around) the body three times in an anti-clockwise direction, from left to right. The younger sons follow behind him.

He circumambulates the pyre counterclockwise– for everything is backward at the time of death. Even the dead body is taken out of the house feet first.  

When the eldest son circumambulates the body, the priest makes a hole in the pot so as to allow water to flow out of it. Water is important as it is a purifying agent. Each time he circumambulates, a hole is made.
In the first circumambulation, the water that flows facilitates the departure of the soul from this world. During the second circumambulation, the water that flows is to purify the atmosphere. During the third circumambulation, the water that flows is to lead the soul to heaven.

After the third circumambulation, the son faces north and throws the pot over the shoulder southwards, over his back. .. He is not to look back. The symbolizes  the break with the earth.



He goes to the foot of the body where a pot of fire which is brought from the home has been placed.  He takes a twig or cinder and lights it with the fire from the pot.  Gold coins or bell metal is placed on the eyes. He walks in a clockwise direction, places the burning twig or cinder on the chest and bows facing south where Yama is. The torch is used to light the funeral pyre: at the foot of a deceased woman or at the head of a deceased man.  The Brahmin priest reads sacred verses from the Garuda Purana, speeding the dead person’ soul to the next life.

Chants from 7000 year old Rig Veda: "Release him again, O Agni, to the fathers. The one offered to you now proceeds to his destiny. Putting on new life, let him approach the surviving, let him reunite with a [new] body, All-Knowing One!" (10. 16. 5).

Chants from Atharva veda: "Oh, departed soul, your lifeless body is offered so that the two fires may unite for your salvation. I set the body on fire. Through those two fires you may go in your best state of Yama, who controls death."

Verse of Sri Isopanishad, and ending in om shanti shanti shantih.
  vayur anilam amrtam / athedam bhasmanatam sariram
 om krato smara krtam smara / krato smara krtam smara

"Let this temporary body be burnt to ashes, and let the air of life be merged with the totality of air. Now, O my Lord, please remember all my sacrifices, and because You are the ultimate Beneficiary, please remember all that I have done for You."

Sri Isa Upanishad17
 agne naya supatharaye asman / visvani deva vayunani vidvan
 yuyodhy asmaj juhuranam eno / bhuyistham te nama uktim vidhema

" O my Lord, powerful as the fire, Omnipotent One, now I do offer You all obeisances,. O my Lord, please lead me on the right path to reach You, and, as You know all of what I have done in the past, please make me free from the reactions to my past sins, so that there will be no hinderance to my progress."

The younger sons walk off first, followed by the eldest son who walks off last.

Prayers and hymns from the Hindu scriptures such as the Bhagavad Gita are recited while the body burns. They express the belief in reincarnation: "For to one that is born, death is certain; and to one that dies, birth is certain. Therefore do not grieve over what is unavoidable."

After the corpse is almost completely burned, and if the skull popping sound is NOT heard, the chief mourner performs the rite called kapälakriyä, the 'rite of the skull,' cracking the skull with a long bamboo stick, thus releasing the soul from entrapment in the body



The next day the son returns to pick the bones and collect the ashes which are then put into an earthen pot. The pot is placed into a flowing river ( Ganges, Thirunelli  etc)  where there is little likelihood of it coming back to land. The mourning period is usually ten, fifteen days or a year from the date of death in the Hindu almanac. During the period of mourning , the close relatives do not attend any marriages, they do not celebrate festivals, nor do they visit temples or priests for a year.

In Hinduism, during cremation the eldest son, the adopted son, or the younger brother put first fire on the dead person's body. This ritual is considered mandatory. Women are prohibited from attending cremations
After the cremation, the family may have a meal and offer prayers in their home. Mourners wash and change completely before entering the house after the funeral. A priest will visit and purify the house with spices and incense


Holy enlightened sages are buried in a meditative lotus position, in salt.  The holy man is already detached from his spirit while alive.  Young children less than two years old are also buried, as they egos and worldly attachments are not yet formed.. The individual soul has become impure through cravings, desires, egoism, pride, greed, lust and likes and dislikes. The Supreme Soul is Infinite, Omniscient and Omnipotent. It is an embodiment of knowledge and bliss.

Everything is energy and none of this energy is ever lost! Life on earth is only an intermediate station on the pathway of the soul, a journey whose purpose is to reach its original pureness, its original light-power, its original high vibration, by developing spiritually higher.. The soul is the "book of life.". Negative things burden our soul, shadow and darken it. 

Positive thoughts and actions relieve the soul and make it more light-filled. The soul, which is so strongly oriented to this life on earth, remains more or less connected with the physical body through energy streams even after it has left it. It clings to its physical "house," so to speak, because it thinks that life is possible solely in a material body. 

If  the dead body is  buried, the soul still believes that it is connected to its body. If a person has already aligned his soul with higher regions, his soul will be attracted by higher worlds after its disembodiment during cramation.  A soul’s capacity to feel is much more sensitive than that of a human being.  It suffers from the pain which the person’s relatives feel on its account.

Death is separation of the soul from the physical body. Death becomes the starting point of a new and better life. Death does not end your personality and self-consciousness. It merely opens the door to a higher form of life. Death is only the gateway to a fuller life. Just as a man casting off worn-out garments, takes new ones, so the dweller in this body, casting off worn-out bodies, enters into others which are new. 

Death is not the end of life. Life is one continuous never-ending process. Death is only a passing and necessary phenomenon, which every soul has to pass to gain experience for its further evolution. A man of discrimination and wisdom is not afraid of death. He knows that death is the gate of life. Death to him is no longer a skeleton bearing a sword to cut the thread of life, but rather an angel who has a golden key to unlock for him the door to a wider, fuller and happier existence.

Mind borrows its light from the soul. Soul is beyond the realm of physical science. Soul is beyond the reach of material science. Man is a soul wearing a physical body. Soul is extremely subtle. It is subtler than ether, mind and energy. 

Consciousness, intelligence are of the soul and not of the body. Consciousness is evidence of the existence of the soul. Personality of man is a brief, partial manifestation of the Immortal, All-pervading, Indivisible Soul or Atman or Brahman. 

Soul is the immortal part in man. Do not identify with this body. You are not this perishable body. You are the Immortal Soul. Identify yourself with the soul. “Tat Tvam Asi—Thou art That”. Feel this. Realise this and be free. 



The law of Karma is the law of cause and effect.  God does not punish any one.  Man reaps the fruits of his Karma.  The law of cause and effect operates on him.  He reaps a harvest of pleasure for his good actions. He suffers and experiences pain and disease, loss of property for his wicked actions. 

There is NO escape for the wicked,  your bad Karma will get you in your next life.  Have you noticed, the most hard core rationalists and atheists , lose their bravado and utter a prayer when they know that their "play to the gallery" times on the planet is over.  

You will NEVER EVER see them telling the supreme " COME ON TAKE ME ON, YOU SOB  --  DO YOUR WORST" when they are about to kick the bucket.  I challenge anybody to prove me wrong,  in the future too.



Reincarnation depends upon Karma. If a man does actions of a beastly nature he will take the birth of an HUMAN meant to suffer .

 Your present birth is the result of your past actions. All the actions that you do now will determine your future birth. You have set the law of causation in motion and you are caught in this wheel of birth and death. This is the law of reincarnation. This law binds all beings. 

When you attain the perfect knowledge of the Imperishable the wheel is broken and you attain freedom and perfection. . Each word, thought and deed lays up a store for you. Be good. Do good. Entertain good thoughts. Do virtuous actions. Purify your heart. Meditate regularly on the Immortal Atman, thy universal Self. You will free yourself from the round of births and deaths and attain Immortality and Eternal Bliss in this very life. 

The doctrine of reincarnation is quite rational. It gives ample chances for man’s rectification, growth and gradual evolution. The purpose of transmigration is not reward of punishment, but betterment and perfection. It prepares the human being for the ultimate realisation which frees him from the cycle of births and deaths. 

The doctrine of transmigration gives ample scope for the sinner to correct and educate himself in future births. The human body is only a vesture and dwelling place for the immortal soul. The soul can certainly re-inhabit another dwelling place and put on another vesture in order to develop and realise better than before the Divine plan and purpose for it. Vedanta says that there is hope of salvation even for the worst sinner.

The union of the soul with a particular body is known as birth and its separation therefrom is called death, when the soul leaves its physical sheath, it transmigrates into another body- human.

Once you become a conscious human you cannot go back as an animal ..  Laws of Karma applies only to humans.

The FAKE POISON INJECTED Kathopanishad says: “Now I will tell you, O Nachiketas, the eternal and divine mystery as to how the soul fares after attaining death. Some souls attain to other bodies, while some fall to the vegetable state according to their action and knowledge” (1-2-18).

According to Indian philosophy, there is a subtle body or Sukshma Sarira within the physical body. When the physical body perishes, this subtle body does not perish. It moves to heaven to enjoy the fruits of its good actions done here. This subtle body perishes only when the soul attains the final emancipation. The impressions or Samskaras, Vasanas or the tendencies are carried in the subtle body.

Yadrisam kriyate karma tadrisam bhujyate phalam,
Yadrisam vapyate, bijam tadrisam prapyate phalam.
Just as the fruit corresponds to the seed that has been sown, so also the fruit of the actions that are performed by us correspond to the nature of the actions that we perform. 

Birth follows death just as waking follows sleep. You will again resume the work that was left off by you in your previous life. Therefore, do not be afraid of death.



Hindus abroad do NOT like “covered” electric crematoriums, as the shooting of the soul into the astral plane is hindered, thus condemning the deceased to an inauspicious death that hampers them in the next life. As you can see soliton waves are affected by obstacles. This is one of the reasons Hindus do NOT want to travel abroad.


Cremation of a person's dead body is supposed to rid the departed soul of any attachments to the body it previously resided in.  Hindus believe that proper open air cremation releases an individual’s spiritual essence from its transitory physical body so it can be reborn.  If it is not done or not done properly, it is thought, the soul will be disturbed and not find its way to its proper place in the afterlife.




MODERN ELECTRIC CREMATORIUMS HAVE FURNACES WITH A SMOKE EXHAUST. THIS EXHAUST MUST FACE UPWARDS AND MUST NOT BE COVERED .  TO PREVENT RAIN WATER SEEPING INTO THE FURNACE , A WATER TRAP CAN BE ARRANGED AT THE BOTTOM MOST BEND .

The shedding of old clothes, the underlying message --can be gleaned from a 7000 year old Vedic Sanskrit verse:

"Dhanãni bhumau pashavashcha goshthe,
Nãri gruhadware sakhã smashãne,
Dehashchitãyãm paraloka mãrge,
Dharmãnugo gachhati jiva ekaha."

"Wealth will remain buried, cattle will remain in the pen, (his) wife will accompany (him) to the doorway, friends will accompany him to the crematorium, the body will come till the funeral pyre, but on the path to the next world, the jiva goes alone (with his karmas)."

If we need a new start to this planet after 21st Dec 2012, we need to address the problem of disembodied restless souls , playing havoc, because they have been denied a chance to start afresh . 




Check out this video above - it shows the effect of burials and vindictive cum greedy nature of man.


Few celebrities among hundreds who chose cremation-- Sigmund Freud, Albert Einstein , Robert Oppenheimer , Arthur Rubenstein,  Harpo Marx ,Neville Chamberlain, Alexander Fleming, Greta Garbo, George Harrison, John F. Kennedy, Rudyard Kipling, John Lennon, George Bernard Shaw, Marlon Brando, Alfred Hitchcock Rock Hudson, Jill Ireland ,John F. Kennedy Jr. ,Vivian Leigh, Groucho Marx, Robert Mitchum, Steve McQueen ,Christopher Reeve, Neil Armstrong , Edmund Hillary,H. G. Wells etc
********************************************************************
LIFE OF PI, MOVIE REVIEW BY A SEAFARER- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


LIFE OF PI BY YANN MARTEL, BROUGHT TO LIFE BY DIRECTOR LEE ANG,  OSCARS IN ORDER FOR THE CGI TEAM WHO CREATED THE TIGER  RICHARD PARKER, CANNIBALISM IN LIFEBOATS -  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL




Life of Pi is a sea survival, Booker prize winning novel penned by a Canadian author Yann Martel and published in 2001.  



It has to be a  fantasy as ocean currents cannot carry you from the Mariana Trench to the West coast of Mexico and that too in 227 days.  The novel was initially rejected by at least five London publishing houses.



The movie under the same name is a super-grand tale of endurance, faith, friendship, and indefatigable human spirit.  This movie has the most astonishing and impressive ‘ 3D visual effects movie’ ever made.  

--what more could you ask for.  

Says adult Pi,  Irfan Khan, who appears to be at peace with his past  "You don't know the strength of your faith until it's tested."  

And this forms the basis of the entire plot from the point when Pi fights for survival on sea with a ravenous and famished tiger till the end of his adventure-filled voyage. For intelligent people , this movie provides abundant food for thought. 

David Magee's script is steeped in spiritualism, and Ang Lee's mastery of the computer graphics technology elevates the script to dizzying heights.  Wrestling with spirituality onscreen can often be exhausting and unrewarding.

This is one time, where the movie is better than the book. This type of a movie out of a book would have been “inconceivable” a decade ago due to technological limitations.  It succeeds thanks to new visual effects possibilities and director Ang Lee's mastery in his chosen craft.


The fact that we already know that adult Pi ( Irfan Khan ) has survived  the ordeal  doesn't make the story any less harrowing or devoid of suspense.




The main character  Piscine Molitor "Pi" Patel,  is a 17 year old Indian boy from Pondicherry, who uses his wits and  survives 7.5 months  after his ship sank in the Pacific, near the 11 kilometer deep Mariana Trench.

Suraj Sharma, a non-actor selected by director Lee from a field of 3,000 candidates, plays Pi of the lifeboat sequences, which is really the heart of the movie. He has for lone company a fierce adult Bengal tiger named Richard Parker.  

Pi finished off his 227 day ordeal in a lifeboat at sea on a note of heartwarming self-awakening.  

The story shifts back and forth between two perspectives-- that of present-day Pi as he narrates the story to a novelist looking for a new idea, and through teenage Pi's eyes as it's happening first hand at sea .




Life of Pi is divided into three story telling sections.  In the first section, Pi as an adult ( Irfan Khan ) reminisces about his childhood, to a  character called Writer (Rafe Spall) in the kitchen of his Montreal home.

Writer has made the pilgrimage because in his travels in India, he met Pi's godfather who convinced him that that Pi had a story so astonishing it could make him believe in God.

The Indian boy of Piscine Militor Patel , takes the initiative to change  his name to "Pi" when he begins secondary school, because he is sick and tired of being taunted with the nickname "Pissing Patel".  

Young Pi declares himself a Catholic, a Hindu, a Muslim.  He starts to follow all three religions as he "just wants to love God.  He doesn't truly understand the meaning of faith  until he's alone at sea , battling all odds and pleading for a sign from God.

His love of God, of beasts and a first love back home in the dancing class at Pondicherry endear.

The whole story from the beginning has an undercurrent of faith versus. reason. Pi's father is a practical atheist while his mother is a traditionalist who holds onto her Hindu religion as something that connects her to her past.

His rationalist father who owns a zoo in Pondicherry, had provided Pi some elementary understanding of Bengal tiger  psychology early in life.. One day when Pi as a child attempted to feed the fierce tiger in the zoo while sitting outside the bars, his father gets upset,  at his faith in God . 

His father ties up a lamb at the same place , where Pi was sitting with a piece of meat outside the bars.  . “Why not start with reason?” he taunts his son.  The tiger named Richard Parker, a name given only due to clerical error, suddenly with an infra sound blood chilling roar,  pounces on the tethered lamb and pulls the carcass with its paws through the bars and carries it away for a meal. 

His father (Adil Hussain) forces him to watch this scene. His father concludes this gruesome demonstration with some terse advise  “A tiger is not your friend.”

Pi is open-minded about his spirituality, despite the pleas of his rationalist father to settle for one set of beliefs.  By believing in everything, perhaps the boy believes in nothing, his father rightly cautions his mother.






Having fallen into hard times, one fine day his father decides to shut down the zoo and move to Canada. So in the  second part of the novel, Pi leaves Pondicherry where he spent his childhood and had his first love . He embarks a small Japanese ship to Canada with his family carrying some of the exotic animals from their zoo. Their sea voyage soon takes a tragic turn.

In the middle of the night, woken up by the ship’s movements in rough seas , Pi goes out of his cabin and foolishly opens a water tight door ( which is the real reason why the ship sank ) . He goes on the upper bridge deck and starts a  foolhardy dance,  in a building typhoon , sliding around here and there with every roll of the ship.  

A huge wave causes water to enter the accommodation via the open water tight door.  The Japanese ship Tsimtsum takes a list and capsizes. His parents, the ship’s crew, and the rest of the animals meet a watery grave in the dark and deep Mariana trench..  

Taiwanese director Ang Lee does an amazing job of creating this typhoon.  I have been at sea for 40 years , trust me on this.

After the storm, Pi regains consciousness in a small 26 foot lifeboat with a small menagerie – a vicious spotted hyena, a zebra with a broken leg, an orangutan and of course the Bengal tiger Richard Parker.

The starving hyena tears into the disabled Zebra and gorges into its flesh. When the sea sick Orangutan kicks up a loud row in protest the vicious hyena now targets her next and kills her too. Natural instinct I must say. 

Probably this is why the movie got PG rating because Director Ang Lee chose to avoid bloodletting.  
Suddenly the tiger who was hiding under the bow awnings leaps on the hyena with a blood curdling roar and kills it . 

Totally frightened,  Pi constructs a small raft out of lifejackets , oars and lifeboat bilge wooden gratings , tethers it to the boat using the painter , and retreats on to it.

Man and beast must work out a uneasy truce—first out of need, then out of unstated respect. The tiger's weapons are his teeth and claws, against which  man has to pit his brain . The tiger needs Pi to keep him alive and NOT vice versa.

Circumstances eventually force Pi to forge an uneasy co-existence with the tiger. He provides food and water to the tiger using his mental faculty.  The sensitive relationship between man and beast evolves in front of your eyes—fraught with danger and fear of the unknown.




"Maybe Richard Parker can't be tamed," Pi tells himself in a soliloquy, "but with God's will he can be trained."

He now sets about proving that he is the master to the tiger. He rocks the boat till the tiger feels terribly seasick and starts puking all over the place. While the tiger is in acute discomfort Pi blows on the life jacket whistle. 



The whistle is now a signal –  rather an evil omen to the tiger, shape up buddy, or you are due for some real bad treatment.  

The majority of the film is one long sequence in which Pi and the tiger get to know each other and co-exist on the boat. 



Eventually, our Richard Parker learns to forge a wary co-existance with Pi's presence and they both live in the boat for several months.  

I must digress here. This year’s best performance honors must go to an animal -- a TIGER named  Richard Parker .  

His expressive eyes bores into your soul.  You could almost tell exactly what this grand creature was thinking or trying to express . Once he tried to catch a big fish and jumped into the sea. He could NOT climb back onto the boat due to exhaustion. 



While about to drown with only his eyes and nose above water with NIL aggro, his imploring eyes , eyeballing Pi’s eyes, spoke volumes . Till then Richard Parker had only looked at Pi as emergency lifeboat food rations. 

The computer graphics imaging ( CGI ) work here is absolutely amazing.  I am an artist myself and I do understand this poignant scene. The whole cinema hall audience went slack jawed after this emotional scene , where Pi keeps the tiger alive, till the end of the movie, giving it food and water using his initiative.

The real star of the show is the tiger who is forced by circumstances to be in a symbiotic relationship with a human.  Their face-off, and the ambivalence Pi feels toward the beast — both drawn to him and fearing him.
 Created from a mix of CGI and four actual Bengal Tigers, the animal character is an alternating mix of house pet lovability and blood chilling beastly impulse. 



The switches between real and CGI tigers are imperceptible most of the time. Once the tiger leaps out of the 3D screen on to your face, making some in the audience sh#t in their pants , or petticoats , as the case may be.  

When we saw the movie, there was a half wit who cried AIYYYYOOOOO so loudly out of fear and his family had to take him out of the hall.

Technical awards are in order for all those who helped create the most memorable movie character of the year.  I am a cat lover and I do know big cat behavior .  The tiger, fur ripples in the wind so realistically that you’d try to reach out and stroke it if you weren’t so alert to the animal’s fierceness.



The created graphically the ever changing ocean that’s alive with shifting hues and mesmerizing — sometimes swift and startling — sea life swimming past.  They created spectacular typhoons followed by turquoise serenity. The night time ocean aglow with luminescent sea-life may seem artificial to land lubbers , but having crossed the Pacific dozens of times I can tell you I have seen even better ones.…

Even after this scene there is never is a point where Pi can be sure he has made a friend of the predatory tiger, considering the lesson his father had given him in the zoo.  For 227 days, as he struggles to survive on canned water and tinned biscuits. One fine day finding no more biscuits , he had to break his vegetarian habits and start eating raw fish, to survive, at odds with his faith.

Pi recounts a chain of events  while adrift at sea , including discovering an island of carnivorous algae inhabited by thousands of  meerkats. 




The island was shaped like Lord Vishnu in recline. Pi and Richard Parker eat to their hearts content,  but soon discover that the island is home to a carnivorous algae that, at night turns the ground to a Methanetetraol acid trap. 


Pi realizes that eventually the island will consume them – so he stocks the lifeboat with edible roots , greens and meerkats and the pair sets sail again.  

He realised only because the tiger would NOT sleep on the island at night, and preferred the boat.  This is one time beast saves man.



After 227 days, the lifeboat washes up onto the coast of Mexico and Richard Parker immediately escapes into the nearby jungle WITHOUT CASTING A BACKWARD GLANCE. 

The significance of 227 days is from the common approximation of π using the fraction 22/7.

In the third part of the novel, two Jap superintendents from the Japanese Ministry of Transport speak to Pi at his Mexican hospital bed to ascertain why the ship sank.  Insurance matters have to be settled.  

When they do not believe his apparent cock and bull fantasy tiger story,  he tells an alternate story of human brutality, in which Pi was adrift on a lifeboat with his mother, a sailor with a broken leg, and the ship's cook, who killed the sailor and Pi's mother and cut them up to use as bait and food. 



Parallels to Pi's first story lead the Japanese officials to believe that the orangutan represents his mother, the zebra represents the sailor, the hyena represents the cook, and Richard Parker is Pi himself. 

Pi does NOT tell them that he opened up a watertight door in a typhoon , which is forbidden unless the Captain is informed,  by the watch keeper on the navigating bridge.

After giving all the relevant information, Pi asks the insurance adjusters , which of the two stories they prefer. Since the officials cannot prove which story is true,  and neither is relevant to the reasons behind the shipwreck, based on which they have to retrieve insurance moolah, they choose the story with the tiger.  

There are no answers . 

Pi thanks them and says, "and so it goes with God".





BUT THE FACT THAT YOUNG PI KEPT STRESSING THAT RICHARD PARKER WENT AWAY INTO THE MEXICAN FOREST WITHOUT CASTING A GLANCE BACKWARDS IN GRATITUDE , TO ACKNOWLEDGE THEIR 227 DAY STAY TOGETHER AND FOR FAVORS RECEIVED--  

---MAKES A PSYCHOLOGIST WONDER IF THE SECOND STORY OF CANNIBALISM WAS INDEED THE TRUE ONE.


The audience must decide which story to believe. 

With such deep philosophical issues, Pi is most profound when he asks, “What does it all mean?” then answers, “It doesn’t have to mean anything.”





Was the obvious cannibalism suppressed by the Jap investigators as it would open the quintessential Pandora’s box? The tiger story would be less messy and more reader worthy.

IN ANY CASE WHEN INSURANCE ADJUSTERS COME IN , TRUTH IS ALWAYS THE FIRST CASUALTY AT SEA.

You don’t just watch this compelling  movie, you live it.   It is a richly drawn interior work, much of it spent inside Pi's mind or awash in his memories.

Rarely will you come across such a unique human journey filled with self-discovery, self-doubt,  denial and affirmation of faith. Such a grand accomplishment in storytelling on 3D screen – it is both visual and emotional. Technology almost falls out of the equation.



The team of CGI, created a really credible flesh-and-blood wild beast, convincingly ferocious and undeniably scary, yet vulnerable and poignant too.  The audience is slack jawed most of the time as they are trapped in and over awed by the unfolding spectacle.  

Mountainous waves reach out to engulf us while,  underwater, boiling currents writhe and seethe. The phosphorescent sea glows under moonbeams, as whales breach and sharks circle and an entire air force of luminous silver fish flies,  some bang into Pi chest leaving behind scales and red welts.  

Blooms of bio luminescent algae , the ethereal underwater world illuminated by phosphorescence, and star-drenched midnight skies lavishes astonishing visual beauty .



Many people say that the end was a disappointment.  I would agree with them. 

Ang Lee should re-edit this movie by putting some nostalgia at the end – like how the Titanic movie ended with the rotten barnacle encrusted ballroom staircase coming into life--

-- with the dead lovers once again in flesh and blood on the staircase looking at each other.  


Let me give you a review of this exquisite  movie which can be seen by a small child to an old man,  made by India’s major film critic Rajeev Masand— yeah the one who speaks like a chakka while sitting on a stool .  

He wields so much of power that even Aishwarya Rai does cootchie coo to him , sometimes poking his ribs, so that he gives a better future review. 

Check out his intellect and his grasp of the narrative.  



Ratings:3.5/5 Reviewer: Rajeev Masand Site: CNN IBN (IBN Live)

'Life of Pi, directed by Ang Lee, is a film so fascinating and so stunning to look at, you don’t want to blink for fear of missing out on a moment. It’s the only film since James Cameron’s Avatar to exploit 3D so richly. Yet, Life of Pi is not an easy film, although it does deliver many pleasures. The payoff in the end feels slight and not entirely convincing, but what you can never deny is that this film is unlike any other you’ve ever seen.  

I’m going with three-and-a-half out of five for Ang Lee’s Life of Pi. It may not touch your heart, but it’s a feast for the eyes. Watch it for its sheer visual brilliance. 

SQUEAK   SQUEAK!!





Here is a movie , with spiritual underpinnings that dwells upon questions of human existence and man’s tangled relationship with God, flora, fauna and nature, with ridiculous ease. 

Life of Pi gives you a glance into the depth of this universe, while not allowing such visuals  to overshadow the substance of the narrative.

Find breathtaking enchantment in what is essentially a simple allegory about life, religion and survival in hostile circumstances. 

Here is a movie with a soul.



Grab a piece of this Pi action, made by a director at the top of his game.   

Along comes Ang Lee -- YIKES!

It is a must watch-- so says Capt Ajit Vadakayil.

Jealous and paid up DORKS keep away— complex themes of spirituality and self-discovery, in the guise of an accessible and engrossing fantasy , is not for you. 


EPILOGUE:  Our company had a modern Chemical tanker which was adrift sea without power for weeks.  In a hurricane, one crew member opened a watertight door like our man Pi.   A giant wave caused sea water to pour into the accommodation , and salt ingressed the emergency generator room.  The bus bar of the main generator was connected to ESB in this room by a clandestine connection and the ship lost the main switch board, with total loss of power and blackout.   Finally she had to be towed into port, and when the main power finally came back on after repairs , 42 days had passed.  When a ship loses power it starts rolling heavily due to beam swell.   Cargo in the holds of cargo ships shifts and the ship lists over and sinks.
********************************************************************
SIR MUHAMMED IQBAL KNIGHTED FOR SCUTTLING THE KHILAFAT MOVEMENT- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
IQBAL THE POET , AGENT OF ROTHSCHILD,  PALESTINE  UPRISING EXTINGUISHED , OTTOMAN EMPIRE BURIED -- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



This post is in response to one of my readers Kumar.

Really I do NOT care for poet Iqbal, though I have sang his song Saare Jahan se Achcha as part of the Kendriya Vidyalaya School choir .  Pakistanis deserve Iqbal.  

But my heart bleeds for the poor people of Palestine , who trusted the No 1 Muslim poet ( as tom tommed by Rothschild media ) of the planet , not to let them down.

Here was a Muslim who kept giving unsolicited proof that his forefathers were Sapru clan , Kashmiri Pandit Brahmins.   But what I do not understand is why his father Shaikh Noor Mohammad was a poor illiterate tailor. 

Iqbal was taken to Germany by Rothschild to introduce him to the "two nation theory " for divide and rule. 

Till he was unleashed back into India from Germany,  by German Jew Rothschild , totally brainwashed by a Jewish honey trap --a gorgeous German girl by the name of Emma Wegenast, Indians lived in harmony as Muslims and Hindus --with a common enemy, the British.



During the 1857 freedom war, Hindus and Muslims --all Indians-- fought shoulder to shoulder against the foreign white invader , the British. British East India Company was owned by German Jew Rothschild, who gre opium in India and sold it in China.

Iqbal is highly respected in Pakistan. In fact he is No 1 citizen of Pakistan, even ahead of Jinnah.

At Heidelberg Germany, one street ( at Marriott Hotel  over looking river Neckar ) is named after Iqbal called IQBAL UFER.



Why not? 

Rothschild rewarded him for his role in pouring cold water over Muslim world anger over Palestine and ending the powerful Ottoman empire at Turkey. 

Today Rothschild holds Bilderberg conference at Istanbul and the Turkish army and economy/ banks are controlled by the Jews.

Iqbal was first noticed by Rothschild , as a piece of clay to be moulded, when he wrote something which surprised everybody.  

Mind you, at this time the freedom movement was in full swing in India, especially in the area where he lived.
Upon the death of Queen Victoria in 1901, Dr. Iqbal penned an epicedium of ten pages, entitled “Tears of Blood “.



The Queen died on the day of Eid-ul-Fitr,  and Iqbal the slave wrote : 

"Happiness came, but grief came along with it,
Yesterday was Eid, but today muharram 
(Month of the year associated with the deepest mourning
for Muslims) came.

"Easier than the grief and mourning of this day,
Would be the coming of the morn of the day of judgment.

"Ah! the Queen of the realm of the heart has passed away,
My scarred heart has become a house of mourning.

"O India, thy lover has passed away,
She who sighed at thy troubles has passed away.

"O India, the protective shadow of God has 
been lifted from above you,
She who sympathised with your inhabitants has gone.

"Victoria is not dead as her good name remains,
this is the life to whomever God gives it.

"May the deceased receive abundant heavenly 
reward, and may we show goodly patience."

(Baqiyyat-i Iqbal, Poem runs over pages 71– 90.)

SOB--SOB--CRY--CRY!!



In 1905, Iqbal was a lecturer at the Government College, Lahore  .  He was  invited by a student Lala Har Dayal to preside over a function.  Instead of delivering a speech, 27 year old Iqbal sang Saare Jahan Se Achcha.  

The song, in addition to embodying yearning and attachment to the land of Hindustan, expressed "cultural memory" and had an elegiac quality.  This poem shows his mindset—his love for his motherland Hindustan where he saw everything through a secular broad prism.

This lovely poem stirred the imagination of Indians and the Muslim world.  His reach to the Muslim world would be like a 1000 newspapers .

Then hey-presto—he was whisked away by Rothschild to England and Germany, where he would be tutored and brainwashed for three years . While in England  , Rothschild made sure that he was inducted into the executive committee of the Muslim League's  British chapter in 1908.  He was instrumental in drafting  the constitution of Muslim League.

He would later divide the Hindus and Muslims of India, he would put the last nail in the coffin of the Ottoman Caliph at Istanbul and he would keep the Muslim opinion for the people of Palestine in reign.

This is the meaning of being a DOUBLE AGENT, gentlemen.  What do you know of the world of double agent deceit?

Mahatma Gandhi was one.

Punch into Google search:--

MAHATMA GANDHI, RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY- VADAKAYIL

and

THE DIABOLICAL BRAINWASHING OF GANDHI- VADAKAYIL

In December 1911, on the occasion of the coronation of King George V,  Iqbal wrote and read out a poem entitled `Our King':

"It is the height of our good fortune,
That our King is crowned today.

"By his life our peoples have honour,
By his name our respect is established.

"With him have the Indians made a bond of loyalty,
On the dust of his footsteps are our hearts sacrifced."
(Baqiyyat-i Iqbal, p. 206.)


Our Indian Rothschild stooge Rabindranath Tagore would NOT be outdone. He wrote even a more servile poem, which we Indians sing as our national anthem.  

He outdid Iqbal by miles for in addition to become a SIR ( Knight ) , he also secured for himself a Nobel prize. 

Punch into Google search :-
A NOBEL PRIZE AND KNIGHTHOOD FOR TAGORE—VADAKAYIL.

Why do I call Tagore a Rothschild stooge?

Punch into Google search :-
OPIUM DRUG RUNNING TAGORE FAMILY —  VADAKAYIL

Then came the Rowlatt act , which both Hindus and Muslims opposed tooth and nail. The Muslims were more angry with the British those days and Christians snatched away Hindustan from the Muslims—NOT the Hindus.  

Even Gandhi was unable to keep things smooth for the British.  

Drafted by a British judge Sir Sidney Rowlatt, this act effectively authorized the British government to imprison for a maximum period of two years, without trial, any person suspected of terrorism living in the Raj and gave British imperial authorities power to deal with revolutionary activities. The unpopular legislation provided for stricter control of the press, arrests without warrant, indefinite detention without trial, and juryless in camera trials for proscribed political acts. The accused was denied the right to know the accusers and the evidence used in the trial. 

The Rowlatt Act came into effect in March 1919. In the Punjab the protest movement was very strong, and on April 10, two outstanding leaders of the congress, Dr. Satya Pal and Dr. Saifuddin Kitchlew, were arrested and taken to an unknown place ( they imprisoned them secretly in Dharamsala ) . A protest was held in Amritsar, which led to the infamous Jallianwala Bagh massacre of 1919.

When all these violent protests against the impending Rowlatt act was going on what does Rothschild stooge Iqbal do?

At the request of criminal Sir Michael O'Dwyer, governor of the Punjab, Iqbal chose to eulogize the empire in the wake of the infamous Rowlatt Act. In it, addressing the King of England, Iqbal says:
  
"If there is freedom of speech and writing here, if there is peace between the Temple and the Mosque here, 

"If there is an organised system of business of the various peoples here, if there is strength in the dagger and life in the sword here, 

"Whatever there is, it has been granted by you, O honoured one, this land is alive only because of your existence. 

"I am the tree of loyalty, love is my fruit, a just witness to this statement are my actions. 

"Sincerity is selfless, so is truth selfless, so is service, and so is devotion selfless, 

"Pledge, loyalty and love are also selfless, and devotion to the royal throne is also selfless, 

"But being human the thought which arises naturally is, that your favours are manifest upon India."


This was published in the paper Akhbar-i Haq, the magazine Zamana of Kanpur, and the book Hindustan aur Jang 'Alamgir (`India and the World War') by L. Ralya Ram. It was then published in Baqiyyat-i Iqbal, on pages 216 to 219. It was first read out by Dr. Iqbal himself at the Punjab University Hall, Lahore.

USSR had a lot of Muslim areas .  Iqbal kept the Muslims ( who looked to him for spiritual guidance ) under control during the Bolshevik revolution, against the Russian Czar. How many of you know that Karl Marx was of Rothschild German Jew blood? 

How many of you know that Trotsky,  Lenin , Stalin , Gorbachev, Yeltsin etc were Jews controlled by Rothschild ? 

 

Even today many leftists and Communists claim Iqbal’s legacy,  particularly citing masterpieces like ‘Karl Marx Ki Awaz’, ‘Bolshevik Roos’, ‘Saqi Nama’,‘Lenin Khuda Ke Huzoor Maen’,  ‘Saqi Nama’, ‘Iblees Ki Majlis-e-Shoora’, ‘Sarmaya o Mehnat’ etc.   

An Indian communist Shamsuddin Hasan declared “ Even a half-wit  can see by reading his works Khizr-i-Rah (The Journey’s Guide) and Payam-i-Mashriq (The Message of the East), that Allamah Iqbal is not only a communist-- but communism’s high priest”.


A harried Iqbal who never expected intelligent critics , made a pathetic defence the very next day in the daily Zamindar as follows:

“I am a Muslim and believe, on the basis of logical reasoning, that the Holy Qur’an has offered the best cure for the economic maladies of human societies. No doubt the power of capitalism is a curse if it exceeds the limits of the happy mean. But its complete elimination is not the right way for freeing the world from its evils as the Bolsheviks propose. Russian Bolshevism is a strong reaction against the selfish and short-sighted capitalism of Europe. But in fact the European capitalism and the Russian Bolshevism are two extremes. The happy middle path is what the Holy Qur’an has shown to us and to which I have alluded above. The equitable Shariah aims at protecting one class from the economic domination of the other, and in my belief, the path chosen by the Holy Prophet (P.B.U.H.) is the one best suited for this purpose.”

It was a bit too late for lame excuses.





In the following verse Iqbal calls Rothschild's blood relative Karl Marx a Prophet (sic!) :

وہ کلیم بے تجلی وہ مسیح بے صلیب
نیست پیغمبر و لیکن در یغل دارد کت []

He a Moses without divine manifestation; he a Christ without a Cross? And though not a Prophet or Messenger of God but has got a Book in his bosom).



Now check out what Iqbal has to say about Jew Lenin.

In Baal-e-Jibreel (Gabriel’s Wing),  Allama Iqbal, the Muslim , describes the encounter of the Lenin with God. The discussion that went on between Lenin, God, and the angels during their meeting is spread over three poems.

In the first poem, “Lenin before God”, Lenin acknowledges the presence of God in the “nature’s infinite music”. With remarkable honesty, Lenin proceeds to describe the situation on Earth to God. Here, instead of flattering the Deity, Lenin files his complaint:

Omnipotent, righteous, Thou; but bitter the hours,
Bitter the labourer’s chained hours in Thy world!
When shall this galley of gold’s dominion founder?
Thy world Thy day of wrath, Lord, stands and waits.

After hearing the fiery address of Lenin, the angles also express their support for the Lenin’s arguments in “Song of the Angles”, and request the God to bestow another glance to the earth:

Reason is unbridled yet,
Love is still a dream;
Thy work remains unfinished still,
O Craftsman of Eternity!

In the concluding part of the sequel, “God’s Command to his Angles”, the Lord, convinced and moved by the contentions of Lenin, orders the angels to provoke a revolution on Earth:

Rise, and from their slumber wake the poor ones of My world
Shake the walis and windows of the mansions of the great!
Kindle with the fire of faith the slow blood of the slaves
Make the fearful sparrow bold to meet the falcon’s hate!
Close the hour approaches of the kingdom of the poor—
Every imprint of the past find and annihilate!
Find the field whose harvest is no peasant’s daily bread—
Garner in the furnace every ripening ear of wheat!
Banish from the house of God the mumbling priest whose prayers
Like a veil creation from Creator separate!
God by mm’s prostrations, by man’s vows are idols cheated-.
Quench at once in My shrine and their fane the sacred light!
Rear for me another temple, build its walls with mud—
Wearied of their columned marbles, sickened is My sight!
All their fine new world a workshop filled with brittle glass-
Go! My poet of the East to madness dedicate.

SNIFF!  MUST CRY NOW-- BOO HOOOOOOO !!!

To find out how the Jews killed the Czar and established communism in USSR, --
Punch into Google search CRYPTOS, DOUBLE AGENTS, FALSE FLAGS, DECEPTION - VADAKAYIL


What is the Khilafat movement?

The Khilafat was not a religious movement or a fight for Indian independence, but rather a show of solidarity by Indian Muslims with their fellow Muslims in Turkey.  Ottoman emperor Abdul Hamid II (1876–1909)  sent an emissary, Jamaluddin Afghani, to India in the late 19th century. 

The cause of the Caliph evoked religious passion and sympathy amongst Indian Muslims as they considered him to be the supreme religious and political leader of all Muslims across the world, It had nothing to do with India.  The Caliphate was an Islamic system of governance in which the state rules under Islamic law.

The Hindus under Gandhi supported the Khilafat movement and this amazingly strong Hindu Muslim unity upset Rothchild,  the Jew. 


The Khilafat Movement threatened to topple the entire system of European political secularism and constitutional democracy that the colonial West was forcing upon the colonized non-European world.  A British strategy was devised, in collaboration with Mustafa Kamal’s newly emergent secular Republic of Turkey, to abolish the Ottoman Turkish Caliphate, and in so doing to sabotage and to bring about the collapse of the Indian Khilafat Movement with its alarming anti-white invader Hindu-Muslim Indian DNA alliance. The strategy succeeded with Iqbal's shrewd connivance.

With the last nail driven into the coffin of the Ottoman empire, the Caliphate was abolished in Turkey. The old Indian Muslim leadership, comprised of men who knew and lived Islam, went into irreversible decline. They were replaced at the helm of affairs by the secularly inclined Rothschild created ‘All India Muslim League’,  monolopized by men with western education and westernized thought. 

They presided over the cleverly disguised passage from Islam as the basis of political culture, to a new European-inspired political culture and conception of a modern state. It was deceptively spirited in by way of religious nationalism, and emerged as a curious creature named ‘Muslim nationalism’. 

The passage from the one to the other was so cleverly disguised that it is still not discernible even to intellectual Muslims in India, Pakistan and Bangladesh .  Iqbal had proclaimed that Islam is a branch of the original religion of Judaism – of Abraham, Moses, David, Solomon, and Jesus.

Iqbal , the double agent, presided over the destruction of the Islamic Caliphate and the dismemberment of the Ottoman Islamic State and its replacement by the secular “made-by Rothschild”  Republic of Turkey. For this a grateful Rothschild gave Iqbal the Nobel prize in 1922.

Something more about the widely misunderstood Khilafat movement.


The general impression among the Muslims of India was that the western Christain and Jew powers were waging a war against Islam throughout the world in order to rob it of all its power and influence. The Ottoman Empire was the only Muslim power that had maintained a semblance of authority and the Muslims of India wanted to save the Islamic political power from extinction.  

The Turkish Sultans had claimed to be the caliphs of the Muslim world. As long as the Mughal Empire had been in existence, the Muslims of India had not recognized their claim. At this critical juncture, when the Muslims of the Sub-continent had no sovereign ruler of their own, they began to see the necessity of recognizing the Sultan of Turkey as their caliph.  

Tipu Sultan was the first Indian Muslim who, having been frustrated in his attempts to gain recognition from the Mughals, had turned to the Sultan of Turkey to establish a legal right to his throne.

Mohammad Ali and his brother Maulana Shaukat Ali joined with other Muslim leaders such as Sheikh Shaukat Ali Siddiqui, Dr. Mukhtar Ahmed Ansari, Raees-Ul-Muhajireen Barrister Jan Muhammad Junejo, Hasrat Mohani, Syed Ata Ullah Shah Bukhari, Maulana Abul Kalam Azad and Dr. Hakim Ajmal Khan to form the All India Khilafat Committee. The organization was based in Lucknow, India at Hathe Shaukat Ali, the compound of Landlord Shaukat Ali Siddiqui.  

In 1920 an alliance was made between Khilafat leaders and the Indian National Congress, the largest political party in India and of the nationalist movement. Congress and Khilafat leaders promised to work and fight together for the causes of Khilafat and Swaraj.  Seeking to increase pressure on the British, the Khilafatists became a major part of the Non-cooperation movement — a nationwide campaign of mass, peaceful civil disobedience. 

The support of the Khilafatists ensure Hindu-Muslim unity during the struggle. The non-cooperation campaign was at first successful. Massive protests, strikes and acts of civil disobedience spread across India. Hindus and Muslims collectively offered resistance, which was largely peaceful. Gandhi, the Ali brothers and others were imprisoned by the British. 

The Khilafat campaign was opposed by the Muslim League under Iqbal. 


Ever since he came back from abroad till Rothschild stooge Kemal took over the Republic of Turkey, Iqbal took no active part in Indian politics.  He did NOT spend a single minute fighting for freedom. He refused point blank to serve on the Khilafat Committee, giving a lame excuse that he did not favour the methods adopted by the sponsors of the Khilafat Movement.



While he was in jail in 1932, even Gandhi declared that Iqbal had become anti-nationalist. After going through an account of Iqbal's speech to the Muslim League published in the newspaper, he commented: "Other Muslims too share Iqbal's anti-nationalism; only they do not give expression to their sentiments. The poet now disowns his song Hindustan Hamara (India is Ours)."


The Ali brothers ( Maulanas Muhammad Ali and Shaukat Ali) regarded by Muslims , as founding-fathers of Pakistan criticised Gandhi's extreme and ridiculous commitment to non-violence after he suspended this non-cooperation movement after the killing of 23 policemen at Chauri Chaura in 1922, as per Rothschild’s wishes. 


For, this was the condition upon which Gandhi was imported from South Africa to India by Rothschild (using Gokhale) and converted into a Mahatma.  

Freedom fighting Hindus and  Muslims were aghast that Gandhi betrayed their revolution by calling it off just when they had finally some hope of success. This was the first nation-wide Hindu-Muslim JOINT movement since the First War of Independence in 1857.

The entire bottom fell out of the historic Khilafat movement ( and with it the Swaraj movement ) when the Turks under the leadership of Rothschild stooge Kemal Ataturk decided to abolish the caliphate and declared themselves a republic. 

Gandhi would now make Indians fight the Second World War for Rothschild, to carve out the state of Israel and 2.43 lakh ( 243,000 ) Indian soldiers would be killed in the worst and most dangerous areas of war.

There is NO taking away the fact that Iqbal was a brilliant poet--in my opinion, much better than Rabindranath Tagore. Iqbal's poetic works are written primarily in Persian rather than Urdu. Among his 12,000 verses of poetry, about 7,000 verses are in Persian.

Let me put down our Indian National song for you--penned by Iqbal.


सारे जहाँ से अच्छा हिन्दोस्तान हमारा
हम बुलबुले हैं इसकी ये गुलसिता हमारा ॥धृ॥
घुर्बत मे हो अगर हम रहता है दिल वतन मे
समझो वही हमे भी दिल है जहाँ हमारा ॥१॥
परबत वो सब से ऊंचा हमसाय आसमाँ का
वो संतरी हमारा वो पासबा हमारा ।२॥
गोदी मे खेलती है इसकी हजारो नदिया
गुलशन है जिनके दम से रश्क-ए-जना हमारा ।३॥
ए अब रौद गंगा वो दिन है याद तुझको
उतर तेरे किनारे जब कारवाँ हमारा ॥४॥
मज़हब नहीं सिखाता आपस मे बैर रखना
हिन्दी है हम वतन है हिन्दोस्तान हमारा ॥५॥
युनान-ओ-मिस्र-ओ-रोमा सब मिट गये जहाँ से
अब तक मगर है बाकी नाम-ओ-निशान हमारा ॥६॥
कुछ बात है की हस्ती मिटती नही हमारी
सदियो रहा है दुश्मन दौर-ए-जमान हमारा ॥७॥
इक़्बाल कोइ मेहरम अपना नही जहाँ मे
मालूम क्या किसी को दर्द-ए-निहा हमारा ॥८॥


sāre jahāñ se acchā hindostāñ hamārā
ham bulbuleñ haiñ us kī vuh gulsitāñ hamārā

ġhurbat meñ hoñ agar ham, rahtā hai dil vat̤an meñ
samjho vuhīñ hameñ bhī dil ho jahāñ hamārā

parbat vuh sab se ūñchā, hamsāyah āsmāñ kā
vuh santarī hamārā, vuh pāsbāñ hamārā
godī meñ kheltī haiñ us kī hazāroñ nadiyāñ
gulshan hai jin ke dam se rashk-e janāñ hamārā

ay āb-rūd-e gangā! vuh din haiñ yād tujh ko?
utarā tire kināre jab kāravāñ hamārā

mażhab nahīñ sikhātā āpas meñ bair rakhnā
hindī haiñ ham, vat̤an hai hindostāñ hamārā

yūnān-o-miṣr-o-rumā sab miṭ gaʾe jahāñ se
ab tak magar hai bāqī nām-o-nishāñ hamārā
kuchh bāt hai kih hastī miṭtī nahīñ hamārī
sadiyoñ rahā hai dushman daur-e zamāñ hamārā
iqbāl! koʾī maḥram apnā nahīñ jahāñ meñ
maʿlūm kyā kisī ko dard-e nihāñ hamārā!
[edit]Translation

Better than the entire world, is our Hindustan,
We are its nightingales, and it (is) our garden abode
If we are in an alien place, the heart remains in the homeland,
Know us to be only there where our heart is.
That tallest mountain, that shade-sharer of the sky,
It (is) our sentry, it (is) our watchman
In its lap frolic those thousands of rivers,
Whose vitality makes our garden the envy of Paradise.
O the flowing waters of the Ganges, do you remember that day
When our caravan first disembarked on your waterfront?
Religion does not teach us to bear ill-will among ourselves
We are of Hind, our homeland is Hindustan.
In a world in which ancient Greece, Egypt, and Rome have all vanished without trace
Our own attributes (name and sign) live on today.
Such is our existence that it cannot be erased
Even though, for centuries, the cycle of time has been our enemy.
Iqbal! We have no confidant in this world
What does any one know of our hidden pain?



Rothschild used BR Ambedkar and Iqbal worked in tandem to drive fissures into Indian society, by religion, catse , creed etc. Both of them had written and declared openly that India is better off under British rule.  

In a dialogue with Dr. B. R. Ambedkar,  Iqbal had expressed his desire to see Indian provinces as autonomous units under the direct control of the British government and with no central Indian government.

Iqbal is the national poet , national philosopher ,  and spiritual father of Pakistan. He is also known as Allama Iqbal ( Muslim scholar ) , the Shair-e-Mashriq  (Poet of the East),  Muffakir-e-Pakistan (The Thinker of Pakistan) , Hakeem-ul-Ummat (The Sage of the Ummah) , ‘Qaomi Shayer’ (The National Poet), ‘Hakeem-ul-Umat’ (The Genius of Muslim Community), ‘Musawir-e-Pakistan’ (The Artist of Pakistan), ‘Mufaqir-e-Pakistan’ (Ideological Founder of Pakistan).

He was the political mentor of Mohammed Ali Jinnah.  Building a strong,  personal rappot with Jinnah, Iqbal was an influential force in convincing Jinnah to end his self-imposed exile in London, return to India and take charge of the Muslim League, and work on the two nation theory.  

This theory was NOT Jinnah’s.


His seminal 1930 presidential speech to the Muslim League in Allahabad lay the foundation stone of the new country that was yet to be.   He did not live to see Pakistan’s creation , as he died in 1938, yet what may be called the “Pakistan Principle” was captured in his words:

“I would like to see the Punjab, Northwest Frontier Province, Sind and Baluchistan amalgamated into a single state. Self-government within the British Empire or without the British Empire, the formation of a consolidated North West Indian Muslim state appears to me to be the final destiny of the Muslims at least of Northwest India… India is the greatest Muslim country in the world.  The life of Islam as a cultural force in this living country very largely depends on its centralization in a specified territory”.

Iqbal’s birthday is annually commemorated in Pakistan as Iqbal Day, a national holiday.  Like for Gandhi in India Iqbal’s name is associated with many structures , like  Iqbal Stadium in Faisalabad, Allama Iqbal Open University in Pakistan, the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Lahore etc. His son Javid Iqbal has served as a justice on the Supreme Court of Pakistan.

It is on record that he had 3 official wives, several mistresses (one of which was attractive Atiyai Faizi ) and of course his German honeypot with whom he corresponded for many years by letters. 

In November 1917 British Foreign Secretary, Arthur Balfour, the PM of England and the President of USA were USED by their master Lord Rothschild to carve out a homeland for the Jews in Palestine.

Rothschild’s own puppet agency the League of Nations, in July 1922 ,  gave its official blessings to the mandate forged clandestinely be the Allies and World Zionism. Jewish immigrant hordes were pouring into Palestine and the Arab land was being seized and auctioned under the aegis of the mandatory Britain and in the name of agriculture and colonization.’

Iqbal was Rothschild’s DOUBLE AGENT.

It was he who kept repeating to the Muslim world that Jews had vacated Israel long ago and this area was occupied by Muslims.

Listen—all ye Muslims.

I am from Calicut in Kerala , India.  The king of Calicut have been giving refuge to all Jews who were persecuted before Christ was born.  

Take this from me-- a person who has perception.

The Judean Jews looked like the present day Jordanians and the present day Muslims in Palestine. The Jews you see in Israel today are NOT Judean descendants.  They are from the Georgia Khazar area.

Just because a person is a Jew it does NOT make him a Judean.

In that case Indonesians must drive away Saudis from Mecca, and settle there —just because they are Muslim.

Iqbal assumed spiritual leadership ( as an agent and stooge of Rothschild ) of the  high-powered Indian Muslim delegation to the Al-Aqsa Islamic Conference held in Jerusalem in 1930. 

There was NOT a single Muslim who had the wisdom to cry out -"Listen we expect a poet like Iqbal to provide motivational fire, NOT take over the reins of our political negotiations" 

Add caption

That conference was convened for the specific purpose of identifying and articulating the Islamic response to the fast-developing crisis in the Holy Land.  

Muslims of today must review what all happened. They will know if they wish to open their eyes that Iqbal just let the Palestinians down, wholesale--. 

TOTAL  BREACH  OF  TRUST ! 

It is difficult to wake up people pretending to sleep.

Punch into Google search- 
NAZIS WERE MORE CULTURED AND KINDER- VADAKAYIL

and

THE TEARS OF PALESTINE- VADAKAYIL

If you put Ashwini Nachappa in Google search , you will find that all posts describe that she beat PT Usha twice-- in some insignificant bullshit meet,  probably when she was having her periods. This is her claim to fame, in addition to her tight and revealing outfits.   PT Usha's 400 metres hurdles National record still stands after 3 decades.

Same way, you will find every biography of Iqbal , emphasizing that his forefathers were Hindu Kashmiri Brahmins. Why should they say that?  

Is he NOT good enough as a stand alone Muslim?

Need I say anything more?


Iqbal’s first wife was Karim Bibi.  He had 2 children, Aftab and Mairaj with her.  He hated her and this is the reason he went into the arms of Atiya Faizi.  Her diary reveals that he was her lover—both loved each other passionately, and both were Islamic scholars. 

He married his 2nd wife Sardar Begum twice.  She was very beautiful , but someone wrote an anonymous letter to him about her loose character, and he divorced her on impulse immediately after the ceremony.  

Later he married a 3rd woman Mukhtar Begum, chosen by his own sister , ( to make him stop his wayward behavior ) and after having sexual intercourse on his wedding night, he decided that she is ugly.  


After this he sort of went berserk mentally for a while , and used to visit whore houses, where it is on British records that he murdered a prostitute. But his high connections saved him. 

Then he married his 2nd wife again and had two children, Muneera and Javed, with her. Islamic scholars will say that he went against the Koran— as he could NOT marry Sardar Begum the 4th time, unless she got married and divorced first. 

Local people vouch that Iqbal had a sexual relationship with the German governess Doris  of his children Javed and Muneera .  Probably, this was platonic as he really missed his first love , the gorgeous Emma Wegenast in Germany.  For some time Iqbal lived with all his 3 Muslim wives-- with him caring only for Sardar Begum..

Virtue is more to be feared than vice, because its excesses are not subject to the regulation of conscience. 

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
AWAKENING AND RAISING KUNDALINI AFTER 21ST DEC 2012- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL


QUANTUM KALKI YOGA FOR TO LIBERATE YOUR SOUL FROM THE ENDLESS CYCLE OF BIRTHS AND REBIRTHS,   BALANCING IDA AND PINGALA BEFORE ACTIVATING AND RAISING KUNDALINI VIA SUSHUMNA NADI TO AVOID TRAUMA ,   EXERCISING YOUR FREE WILL FOR COSMIC CONSCIOUSNESS,  CLEARING CHAKRA BLOCKAGES,  EXTRACTING INTERNAL SOMA OR AMBROSIA,  DIVINE UNION OF SHIVA AND SHAKTI,  BREAKING OUT FROM SELF IMPOSED MENTAL PRISON- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL





The ascetic prince Lord Kalki, the Lord of the universe, will mount His swift white horse Devadatta and, sword in hand, travel over the earth exhibiting His eight mystic opulences and eight special qualities of Godhead.   Displaying His unequaled effulgence and riding with great speed, He will kill by the millions those thieves who have dared dress as kings.

—    7000 year old Bhagavata Purana, 12.2.19-20 ( Tenth avatar of Vishnu ushering in Satya Yuga )





When you see a picture of Lord Shiva ,you see a cobra on his shoulders. This is a representation of a released Kundalini. His trident of Trishul depicts the Ida and Pingala Nadis with the central Sushumna

2000 years ago Jesus Christ came to Kerala in India , to raise his Kundalini under a proper Guru. He was here was more than 3 years before he went back to Jerusalem –  by ship from Muzris ( Kodungallur ) to Bernice ( Egyptian port in Red sea ) , and then by land caravan route via the Egyptian pyramids.

Digression: Messiahs and prophets who go around with a sword or horseback killing people,  cannot raise their Kundalini - now or ever.



Beware of fake Gurus on the Internet. One of my company's IT technicians from a Scandinavian country was running a Kundlini Clinic back home with his wife.  Since he made a sea voyage on my ship, and I had several hours of interaction with him.  I was able to gauge his knowledge about this ancient 11000 year old Indian Yoga. He knew nothing—and such fake people can cause enormous psychic damage to you.

In my opinion 20% of the mental patients on this planet have Kundalini damage trauma. Since modern science has not yet come into terms with consciousness , the most valuable and real thing in this cosmos, these poor people have to go through hell on earth.  Modern science is so naive that it has NO place for the soul in the TOE ( theory of everything ). Remote viewing, ESP, clairvoyance, psychokinesis , telepathy etc are pseudo science for modern science. 

This Kundalini raising methods are written down in our Sanskrit texts 7000 years ago.  This is a proper science penned by noble and graceful Maharishi seers. 


Now I will put 3 videos , to get you introduced to the QUANTUM world. Every atom in the universe , including the one in your body is connected to each other at the deepest level. This is mentioned in our Vedas and has been proved by the quantum scientists. There are NO objects in the cosmos--only vibrations of energy and relationships.




What is the use of living if you have not realised how you fit into the grand scheme of the quantum world and existence for all eternity?  You as a person are intricately connected with the larger cosmos.





Modern religions which sprouted in the past 2500 years , have failed to elevate your perceptions . Your 5 human senses can detect only a small narrow segment of the energy scale--even a small child in school knows this today..




When you watch the introductory videos below feel the intimate connection between consciousness- (which is the basis of all that exists),  and quantum mechanics of the cosmos.



All atoms in the entire universe are capable of mind reading and communicating with other atoms. There is a consciousness in every molecule of matter




The entire universe is a single living conscious organism with complete awareness of itself. 



During this time of planetary transformation after  21st Dec 2012,  it is easy to increase the flow of ions upping the body’s dipole,  increasing the EMF.   Increased heart field and EMF of the nervous system during the peak Kundalini,  acts like a biological synchrotron to actually change certain elements in the central nervous system into their high spin monatomic state. 



Scalar waves  encode the information of space and time into a timeless, spaceless quantum shorthand of interference patterns. Using your free choice to raise your Kundalini is the most important step in the development of a unifying world view that is capable of guiding humanity to a more healthy, peaceful, and prosperous future.




The earth completes its 26765 year cycle of precession on 21st Dec 2012.  



The plane of our Solar System will line up exactly with the plane of our Galaxy, the Milky Way, and our planet will be showered by cosmic rays.  



After Dec 21st 2012, human beings on this planet can shift to the wisdom mode (rather than the knowledge mode) if he exercises his free will.  

Your Kundalini can be raised if you have the will. 

The cosmic moment of December 21, 2012 starts a time window portal of 20 years for a global shift in consciousness—the "mass Kundalini awakening that brings about a great leap in cosmic consciousness “ resulting in universal brotherhood..

If at least 1 lakh ( 100 000 ) people can raise their Kundalini, a golden age will start for this planet. If not this planet misses a golden opportunity for another 25765 years, till Lord Brahma breathes out again-- to rescue the whole human race from a mental prison in which they have been incarcerated .




By changing your brain vibration > 40 Hz Gamma through altering the state of your consciousness , you can develop psychic powers. When you use psychic power you tap into the level of the universe, where individuality does not exist. At this level each of us is a part of a universal and cosmic consciousness where we are connected as though held together by invisible threads. This inter connectedness means that everything we do or think affects everything and everyone else.  The brain does not create consciousness, rather-- consciousness created the brain.


The Yoga-Kundalini Upanishad is eighty-sixth among the 108 Muktika Upanishads, associated with the 7000 year old written text Krishna Yajurveda from India.  



This process was understood by Greeks when Plato and Pythagoras studied in India .  




It can be seen depicted even today in modern medical iconography as two snakes spiraling a central staff, and said to be  derived from the Caduceus of the Greek god Hermes.  



Kundalini techniques are only communicated from master to disciple. First the Guru will decide if the disciple is ready for awakening his Kundalini.   For this reason I will NOT take procedure questions vide the comments column.  Fake con-men make money by writing Kundalini books and holding classes - without knowing that this is more dangerous than a quack writing a book on how to do intricate brain surgery.

People who have raised their Kundalini are least interested in impressing the others. You will find some sages coming down from the Himalayas for the 12 yearly Kumbh Mela.  These sages can do extraordinary feats and miracles,  yet they are naked , covered with ash to look repulsive and unwilling to be in the limelight.

Nowadays all on the Internet quote Pandit Gopi Krishna--as a man who raised his Kundalini, and wrote a book about it.  



I have read this book PATH TO HIGHER CONSCIOUSNESS several years ago, and I will comment that first of all he raised it via his Pingala Nadi , on his own , causing him to suffer-- like in hell --for many years, before he realised his mistake that the serpent is stuck in his Manipura Chakra . He had zilch idea what happened to him.  

His Kundalini dropped back to Mooladhara Chakra and then he raised it again vide the correct Sushumna Nadi but still it did NOT reach his Sahasrara chakra. 


What he describes are associated with a lower Ajna Chakra.  Yes, he gained some powers like gaining spontaneous fluency in several European languages etc -- 

-- but then this is the DIRT UNDER THE FINGERNAIL of a sage who has raised it to his Sahasrara Chakra, and has harnessed the most powerful energy source on the planet.

Note: Many people like Pandit Gopikrishna have experiences in meditation when they feel the shakti rising through the spinal cord from mooladhara to the brain. And they think WOW -- we have raised the Kundalini. 

However, in most cases, this is not the awakening of kundaiini, but a release of pranic force called pranotthana. This preliminary awakening starts from mooladhara and ascends the spinal cord via pingala nadi, only partially purifying the chakras until it reaches the brain where it is usually dispersed. This experience is traumatic. In this type of awakening the experience of shakti is rarely sustained. However, it does prepare the aspirant for the eventual awakening of kundalini, which is something altogether different and more powerful. After the awakening of kundalini, the individual will never be the same again. Here there is an ascent of force accompanied by a psychic awakening which is permanently accessible. Even though it may fall back again, the potential will always be there.

 "As one opens the door with a key, so the yogi should open the gate to liberation with the kundalini. The great goddess sleeps, closing with her mouth,, the opening through which one can ascend to the brahrnarandhra... to that place where there is neither pain nor suffering. The kundalini sleeps above the kanda... she gives liberation to the yogi and bondage to the fool. He who knows kundalini, knows yoga. The kundalini, it is said, is coiled like a serpent- He who can induce her to move is liberated."  Hatha Yoga Pradipika v. 105-111




Mata Amritanandamayi from Kerala , India , is a one woman Kundalini clinic.  She has hugged 33 million people around the world .  A lot of them needed this ONE single benevolent hug to drop down their stuck Kundalinis spewing venom,  back to Mooladhara Chakra , to centre them and bring peace into their heart and souls.. All Pandit Gopikrishna needed was a single grounding hug from this woman.





When the laws about Kundalini are known, and the powerful energy experienced the life span of man will increase to as much as 120 years in this polluted age.  Indian Maharshis lived to 180 years,  in the Vedic age 7000 years ago  when this planet has a proper OM resonating frequency.

If you have read Asterix and Obelisk comics, you would have noticed that Asterisk consumes a magic potion just before he fights, and then he gets superhuman smartness and strength.


Well in our 7000 year old Rig Veda 114 hymns expound a super hallucinatory drug , a million times more potent than LSD ( organic DMT ) by the name of Soma. 

Soma was a juice extracted from a creeper which was picked on special days of the dark lunar fortnight. It was placed in an earthen pitcher and buried underground until the full moon. Then it was removed and the juice was extracted and taken. Drinking Soma induced immediate explosion into  higher consciousness. By consuming Soma a human being can raise his Kundalini instantly. The sages could separate the self from the body and travel astrally. 

The Templar Knights stumbled on to Soma while digging under the Temple of King Solomon. This is the elusive HOLY GRAIL for telepathy and psychic teleportation -- not what Dan Brown wrote in the Da Vinci code. Many achievers have used this dark Vedic secret.  I cant reveal all the names. However i can say Leonardo Da Vinci , the great visionary was one of them. ( Nostradamus, the oracles of Delphi etc ).  

Punch into google search SECRET EXCAVATIONS AT JERUSALEM BY TEMPLAR KNIGHTS - VADAKAYIL.

WHAAA consuming drugs and raising Kundalini? 



Well the left handed Vamachara path of Hinduism shows you to raise your Kundalini by a single act of sex. 

Punch into Google search TANTRA , LEFT HANDED PATH OF HINDUISM, FORBIDDEN  VAMACHARA- VADAKAYIL




Mulabandha is performed by contracting the perineum muscles that are in the flat space between the genital area the anus.  The root lock has the effect of causing Prana to flow in Sushumna channel, rather than along Ida and Pingala.  This is what happens when you avoid and prolong orgasm by muscle control. The female is in control and charge out here.  OOPS--I've given away a TOP secret to them womens' libbers.





When you get very close to orgasm, and the male gets close to ejaculation, the feelings will be overwhelming and the brain tends to shut down and reverse the energy which will then take a downward course and seek release through the genitals. These energy changes are mediated by a small structure deep in the brain called the hypothalamus which controls the balance of the Autonomic System (ANS).  

When both partners melt with each other, vital energy is exchanged between the masculine and the feminine, and the resonating energy build to higher levels.  During fear, the etheric body shrinks and during love it expands. All our energy and vitality comes from the etheric body. 


The right handed path revealed several ways including severely painful penances ( Tapasya ) , which were more rewarding.




Now, before I explain the nitty gritty of Kundalini, let me first explain the FRUIT --of raising Kundalini.

People who raise the Kundalinis are NOT cremated in Hinduism. Rather they are buried in Lotus pose of meditation. The reason is that they are liberated having achieved moksha from the endless cycle of births and rebirths. 

The female Shakti has now found blissful union with the male Shiva-- a great union of spirit and matter. A overwhelming bliss is felt , which mystically represents re-integration with Atman or the eternal essence of self. The soul finds itself free. 



You have opened the gateway to higher realms. You have supersensory awareness while still awake in the physical body, and can leave and return to the body at will without any break in consciousness . The pineal gland shoots a spark into the pituitary, and the door of BrahmAn ( consciousness ) , the Brahmarandhra, is opened, never to close . 

You become highly perceptive and can see complex problems as fractal geometry. Raising the Kundalini  can be equated with the awakening of the silent areas of the brain .Our present consciousness is not independent, as the mind depends on the information supplied by the senses. If you have no eyes, you can never see. However, when the super consciousness emerges, experience becomes completely independent and knowledge also becomes completely independent, as you can access aakashik records. 

Your mind attains supreme awareness, enlightenment and thus self realization. Unlike the rest around you, you have broken free from the confines of a mental prison in which the human race has been incarcerated for millennia. In   society   our brains   are   structured   in   a   certain   way;   there   is   discipline   and   control   which  inhibit   us from expressing ourselves freely. When the awakening of kundalini takes place, this conditioning is withdrawn and the lid is completely lifted from the mind. 

With awakened consciousness you can make accurate decisions and judgments because awakening of kundalini is a process of jumping out of the mind. Shiva and Shakti are in total union and only adwaita exists You experience the bliss of non-dual experience . There is a great explosion which transports you into another plane of being . 

You now have the ultimate experience of Life. You experience yourself as the greatest height and depth of God's being surrounded by an infinite eternal river of bliss. Space and time lose their rigidity, and there is a mingling of the past, the present, and the future.

In our dimension of consciousness, the world is not illusory. It is real. But in the next higher state of consciousness it loses its solidity. Chakras can then send out information carrying Soliton waves, which do not attenuate.  The Indian sage has exploded into a space of consciousness in which inner awareness is spontaneous.  

Cosmic consciousness is an intellectual enlightenment or illumination, an undescribable state of moral and intellectual elevation, a feeling of amazing bliss. Divine wisdom enables your consciousness to pick up and become aware of superphysical forces and phenomena. 



Internal amrit or ambrosia floods your body. You now have good all round health with body cells charged with energy, better metabolism, clarity of vision, high perception, high quality of thinking , sharpened and wider human senses psychic abilities , better attitudes, clairvoyance and grace under pressure. 

You have ignited an amazing dormant power inside you and now can do telepathy, mind reading, spiritual healing, hypnotism, hear clairaudiently , have ability to become invisible and levitate ( with 12 strand NIL junk DNA ) , stop your heart beat and breathing, learn new things quickly, do psychotelekinesis etc. 

You have awakened your multi-dimensional consciousness, which is basically a DNA upgrade, with changes in the sympathetic and parasympathetic nervous systems.. Shiva represents purusha or consciousness and Shakti represents prakriti or energy . 

Yogis can live on ambrosial fluid. If its secretion is awakened and controlled in the body, then one needs nothing more for survival. The maintenance of the body's vitality becomes independent of food. You are able to enter into states of hibernation or suspended animation underneath the earth






We are composed of  three bodies --
Physical body
Astral body
Causal body



Everyone is aware of their physical body which is detected by touch and sight sense , made of muscle , bone and blood. with its systems such as the nervous system, digestive system, circulatory system, and so on.

Our astral body is subtle and cannot be seen or touched. It exists within the physical body and is a few inches bigger than the physical body all around.  You can sense its presence when you stand very close to someone and you have the feeling of being in sync with them or not. This can be seen in Kirlean cameras. The etheric body is a sort of a blue print of the physical body.  In the etheric body, also called the emotional body, feelings, sensations and thoughts exist as waves while they exist as particles in the physical body.

We have a causal body which exists within the astral and physical bodies, but is still larger and more subtle than the astral body.  It carries our seed from one reincarnation to the next. 

In kundalini yoga we are mainly concerned with working on the physical and astral bodies.





Pranayama is a yoga of breath , just one of the several methods , used to awaken the Kundalini – or rather disturb  Shakti serpent from its deep slumber at the Mooladhara chakra at the bottom of your spine using heat.  Originating in Muladhara chakra , the Ida nadi ends up in the left nostril and the Pingala nadi ends up in the right nostril.  


Once awakened feminine Shakti is eager to mate with her male consort Shiva at the Sahasrara chakra on top of your head .  Most human beings on this planet have never awakened the divine serpent of three and a half coils , and have led base , crude lives and passed on. 

What a waste. 


The serpent has 3 choices of pathway- the ida, the pingala or the central sushumna.  If it passes via ida or pingala the serpent is likely to get stuck at some intermediate chakra ( due to block ) causing extreme trauma, as what happened to Pandit Gopikrishna ..  

When the right nostril is flowing, the left hemisphere of the brain is activated. When the left nostril is flowing, the right hemisphere is activated.  

Moving from macrocosmic to microcosmic to atomic, at every level, two great principles or forces can be seen at work motivating our universe.  

In our 7000 year old vedic texts it is called  Tamas-Rajas , in modern times it is called Yin-Yang.


Examples:
Energy/ matter 
Particle/ wave 
Cathode/ anode 
Conscious/ subconscious 
Aerobic bacteria/ anaerobic 
Catablism/ anabolism 
Potential energy/ kinetic energy 
Attraction/ repulsion 
Excitation/ inhibition 
Birth/ decay 
Static / dynamic 
Organic / inorganic 
Freezing/ melting 
Vaporization/ condensation 
Positive pole/ negative pole 
North pole/ southpole magnetic 
Ionization/ de-ionistaion 
Clockwise vortex/ counterclockwise vortex 
Absorption/ secretion 
Contraction/ relaxation 
Evaporation/ condensation
Conscious/ Subconscious
Left brain lobe/ Right brain lobe



In the crop circle above  , note the trident ( Shiva's trishul ) at the mouth of the serpent.




These dual poles are connected via consciousness.  

This cosmic dance of separate forces , which sustains this universe is called the DANCE OF SHIVA.. 



It is about the quantum possibility wave vibration between two poles. Together they express the great void at absolute peace with itself.

It is a perfect tango of dynamic balance where one polar opposite changes into another smoothly and constantly . If the restraining balance or equilibrium is lost , the universe will spiral out of control and end. This guarantees change, growth and evolution. 



Lessening of Yin- always results in increase of Yang and vice versa.  One cannot exist without the other and they are dependant . No phenomenon in this universe is completely devoid of its opposite. They consume each other yet support each other. Whatever is in excess gets reduces, whatever is deficient gets replenished.


 
Balance can never be permanent— Ying and Yang continuously devour each other – and life flows on.




Conscious = induction + deduction ( determines what is to be done ).  LEFT BRAIN LOBE ( for right handers ) : Numbers, written language, reasoning, spoken language, scientific skills , RH control

Subconscious = only deduction ( no thinking , draws conclusions, does not care for right or wrong, gives the power to do the job ) RIGHT BRAIN LOBE ( for right handers ): Insight, 3D forms , art, imagination, music, left hand control.

The central nervous system does not know the difference between visualization and the event. Visualizing you are having sex and doing the real thing has the same standing “ovation effect” on a man or a “creaming effect” on a woman.   

The picture in our mind has an impact on every cell in our bodies. Thinking is not an action of the mind , but an action of our entire body. Tell your subconscious what you want repeatedly and it will produce it. You can call this visualization or intention. In India people realized this and more and more people started going the spiritual way for bliss. 

The ancient Indian kings in all their practical wisdom realized this and made all those Hindu temples with stone statues amazing sexual content, to wean away a potential yogi who could have been a soldier or a farmer or a husband..




We are poised between life and death and our whole existence is a struggle to retain balance between these two dual forces.  Vedic Maharishis who were yogis realized the existence of these forces and understood their relationship. They said that man has three main flows of energy nadis-- ida, pingala and sushumna, and which have been roughly translated as body, mind and spirit.  

Pingala can be deemed as the dynamic, active, masculine, positive, yang , Tamas energy within our   personality.   It   has   a   physical   and   mental   side.   Its   material   qualities   are   light,   heat, solar, energy accumulating, creative, organizing,  focused (centripetal) and contractive. The positive, dynamic mental side within Freud's system is Eros, the pleasure principle, and in Jung's system is the conscious personality, the rational, discriminating side. We can say that pingala is  psychosomatic energy, outwardly directed, mind acting on body to motivate the organs of action, the karmendriyas. It is the basic energy of life.


Ida is the energy within the personality which is passive, receptive, feminine, negative, yin. At the physical level it is dark, cold, lunar, energy dissipating, disorganizing, entropic, expansive (centrifugal) and relaxing. At the mental plane Freud called it Thanatos, the death instinct, and Jung called it anima, the unconscious, female within, emotional, feeling, intuitive and non-discriminating, the background on which the differences can be seen and which unifies. This is the somopsychic aspect of man, where energy is inwardly directed, and body acts on the mind. Ida controls the sense organs or gyanendriyas and therefore gives us knowledge and awareness of the world we live in.

The third force if the mediator middle prong of Shiva’s trident called Sattva. When two opposing forces are equal and balanced a third force arises. Strike a match on a matchbox and you create fire, bring positive and negative currents together and you can work machinery, unite body and mind and a third force called sushumna, spiritual energy, arises. 

This is one of the aims of yoga, because only when sushumna awakens can the super power of kundalini, this maximum force, ascend safely to fuel, power and create cosmic consciousness. 

Sushumna is a high tension power line and ida and pingala carry the domestic lines to power the basic necessities. Few of us realise this third, spiritualized state and most of us oscillate from one state to another. Every 90 to 180 minutes ida and pingala alternate their dominance and only for a few minutes does sushumna come into potential being. 

It is the goal of all yogic techniques to balance and harmonize ida and pingala, life force and conscious awareness, so that they join at ajna chakra to create the inner light of knowledge and bliss and reveal the truth. 

Nadis are flows of energy which move through each and every part of our body, the subtle counterpart of the physical flows such as nervous energy and blood. All of the 72000 nadis in the body are based on ida and pingala which spiral around the spinal cord. 



These are the basic two modes of function on which all of our bodily and mental processes work. Sushumna is the royal road which takes us to higher awareness and transforms the function of ida and pingala .

Each and every cell of our body, every organ, the brain and mind, everything is polarized and interconnected at both the physical and subtle levels, and this allows us to think, speak and act in a concerted, balanced, synchronous manner, every part working to help every other part. 

There are two basic systems in the body that control this, ida and pingala, and if we stimulate any component of one system we turn on the whole system.

This   is   how   asana,   pranayama,   meditation,   and   the   whole   armamentum   of   yogic techniques work. This is how yoga affects the nadis.  Nadis are psychic channels for distribution of prana in the astral body. 

The brain has an almost infinite capacity, and all of it within the two kilograms or so of amorphous,   pinkish   grey   brain   matter   with   the   consistency   of   jelly  . How this  jelly-like substance remembers, thinks, analyzes, feels, discriminates, intuits, decides, creates and directs all the countless functions of the body, integrating the whole so that we synchronize action, speech and thought, is something that each of us should ponder about.. 

The brain, houses the master control systems for the body within its unlimited circuitry, and it contains the circuits for the nadis and chakras. The brain is also the interface between the body and the mind.  

All sensory information travels to the brain via the gyanendriyas ( the sense organs of knowledge ), and is then fed into the mind, and all decisions in the mind are then translated into the body via the karmendriyas,( the organs of action ) , in a continuous, seamless , synchronous, dynamic process.

Sensory-motor nervous system (SMS)  : all electrical activity in the body moves in one of two directions, into the brain (afferent), ida, and out of the brain (efferent), pingala. Yogis called the sensory nerves which are governed by ida, as gyanendriyas, The motor nerves, governed by pingala,  as karmendriyas. These nerves are concerned with perception of and activity in the world.

Autonomic nervous system (ANS) is divided into the outward directed, stress handling, energy utilizing, pingala dominant, sympathetic nervous system, or the inwardly directed, rest handling, energy conserving, ida dominant, parasympathetic nervous system. These two systems control and regulate all the automatic body processes: heart, blood pressure, respiration, digestion, liver and kidney and so on.

Central nervous system  (CNS)  consists   of   the   brain   and   spinal   cord   and contains the controls for the SMS and ANS.  The brain contains much more than this though, for it is a huge, ultimately complex computer, which stores and integrates information and puts our decisions into action in a superbly synchronized and orchestrated performance. 

Its functioning is definitely much more than its parts. Within the   infinite   circuitry   of   the   brain   resides   more   potential   than   we   can   realize   in   one lifetime, however, the techniques of yoga systematically clear and strengthen these circuits with regular practice. This is what yogis have been telling us, that the circuitry for nadis and chakras exist within the CNS, along the spine and in the brain.



If we can tap, purify, strengthen and reconnect these circuits via the various yogic techniques, we can totally transform our mind/  body complex . Only when the left brain lobe (Pingala) and the right brain lobe (Ida)  work together can we appreciate the moral of a story, the measuring of a metaphor, words describing emotion, or the punch line of a joke. A computer can never understand the moral of a story ( like stitch in time saves nine ) or a funny joke.

I once had a Chief Officer on my ship who had never ever breathed through his nose due to a bone overgrowth. Only I know what he was worth -- as such a man cannot go (or grow mentally) beyond a limit. He can never pass a Mensa test.  They see the explicit, the facts, but cannot understand what has been implied. The important points in their sentences are lost and are submerged or flattened, becoming part of the background. 





When one nostril has dominant air flow,  the opposite hemisphere of the brain is dominant.  Forceful breathing through the more congested nostril awakens the less dominant hemisphere The nasal cycle is also linked to the basic rest/activity cycle, which includes within the sleep cycle, the rapid eye movement (REM) phase and the non REM phase, because right nostril/left hemisphere dominance corresponds to phases of increased activity (pingala), and left nostril/right hemisphere dominance corresponds to rest phases (ida).  

Buried within the brain are undreamed of capabilities and potentials which can transform our lives if we can tap them. . Chakras act as transducers, converting psychic energy into physical energy and vice versa. They distribute this energy to the body via the nadis.

The breath in the right nostril is related to pingala function (left brain), and in the left nostril is related to ida function (right   brain).  By   controlling   the   speed,   rate,   rhythm,   length   and   duration   of   the breath, by altering the ratio of inhalation to exhalation in the nostrils and by stopping the breath, we can activate or tone down neurological and mental processes so as to achieve heightened awareness and altered states of consciousness.



Each level in the chakra system is the sum total of various physical, emotional, mental, psychic and spiritual elements. Each chakra has its own neurological plexus and endocrine gland and these link up to various organs and systems in the body. They in turn are connected to the controlling mechanisms of the brain, each of which has emotional, mental and psychic components. The chakra is like a transducer, a linking point between the various levels of our being and it converts and channels energy either up or down to the various levels.


Ajna chakra has as its symbol the two-petalled lotus, and we can think of this as representing the two hemispheres of the brain with the pineal gland as its main focusing central point . Cosmic consciousness takes place in sahasrara.  The human brain is still in an organic state of evolution toward higher levels of consciousness. 



The driving force of that evolution, is the Kundalini energy. The Bose-Einstein photon condensate can be made to give off coherent laser like X-rays that can be precisely directed.  Bose-Einstein condensates are weird states of particles that have the same energy level and behave like one super-particle. 



This has been achieved with atoms of rubidium and certain other elements by cooling them close to absolute zero.



 Kundalini Awakening is only triggered when you are ready to go through it, because your higher self is actually the source that triggers it.  Your higher-self which is vastly intelligent is not going to give you something which is threatening to your survival.  Resistance to change has always been the human problem, and this resistance comes from our fixed ego aspect. 

Our true self wants to evolve and change.  Kundalini awakening is a growing phenomenon and when it happens we cannot turn it off . Kundalini transformation has the purpose to dissolve the last elements of your ego and enlighten you in the body.






When the heart pumps blood into the mobius coil aorta, tiny mechanical vibrations (micromotions) develop in the upper body. If the body is completely immobile and respiration is slow and barely perceptible – as is the case in deep meditation – these micromotions will assume great regularity and oscillate at seven cycles per second (7.3 Hz- Hindu king mantra OM frequency ). 



Subsequently scalar standing waves in and above the audio frequency range will develop in the ventricles of the brain. These causes the high-pitched soundsr which herald the activation of the Kundalini.  The standing waves in the ventricles will stimulate an electrical loop circuit in the sensory cortex oscillating at 7.3Hz – which incidently is within the EEG theta frequency band.  



As this oscillating current passes through the sensory cortex in a closed circuit, it will create different bodily sensations starting in the toes and moving up the body to the head. These are the sensations described by yogis, which accompany the Kundalini awakening. The 7.3 Hz oscillating current in the sensory cortex – set up by sitting immobile in meditation – also passes through the limbic system. Here it stimulates the pleasure centers in amygdala thereby initiating the Kundalini kindling phenomenon. 

The kindling phenomenon speeds up the electrical loop system, which exists between the thalamus and the cortex. This extra supply of energy from lower centers causes a diffuse activation of the whole cortex reflected by increased synchronization and coherence of brain wave activity within all frequency bands. As the energy flows from the thalamus to the cortex and awakens latent or unused parts of the brain (especially in the frontal lobes) the whole brain begins to pulse as a unit generating coherent, high amplitude brain waves within a broad frequency spectrum. 



During rest maximum amplitude will be in the alpha band but during intense focus high amplitude beta and gamma waves will prevail, especially in the frontal area. A ‘condensate’ is a substance whose molecules have a greater order and coherence than normal. In a ‘Bose-Einstein condensate’ the molecules not only have a high degree of order but they also overlap and the condensate behaves like a unit. 

Examples of ‘Bose-Einstein condensates’ in inorganic matter are superconductors and laser beams. By feeding extra energy to the cell walls of living tissue, the cells would line up in the most orderly, condensed way we know – the ‘Bose-Einstein condensate’ – and the cell walls would start acting as a unit.



Apparently, when the brain is supplied with an extra amount of high grade energy (Kundalini) it becomes a ‘Bose-Einstein condensate’. Thus following Kundalini awakening, the brain turns into a super-conductor with a focus like a laser beam.  

How else can you explain our 7000 year old texts giving the speed of light and the diameters and distances of the planets?  

All our Hindu rosary malas have 108 beads, right-- and this is the numerical equivalent of the Hindu king mantra OM -- its frequency being 7.83 hertz ( Schumann resonance --earth's heart beat )   

How did the ancient Hindus Maharishis know all this 11000 years ago--without a laser beam ?

Sun's diameter is 108 times that of the earth.  The distance between the Earth and Sun is 108 times the diameter of the Sun .  The average distance of the Moon from the Earth is 108 times the diameter of the Moon.  The radius of the moon is 108 miles. 

Taking the mean distance between the earth and the Sun ( 149,597,870.691 km) and dividing it by the most commonly used diameter of the Sun (1,392,000 km) the result is -- 107.46973469181034482758620689655.

12 rashis) and 9 navagrahas multiply to 108. 

There are 108 upanishads. Nataraja's cosmic dance has 108 Bharatanatyam poses. Ayurveda and Kalari talks about 108 marmas. Shiva, Ganesha and Krishna has 108 names. The 108 th and heaviest element in the periodic table is Hassium ( 108 protons ) bases on 54 yin-yang of the Sri yantra ( triple intersections ) and the Sanskrit alphabets . The rest are too short lived.  



Taking the mean distance from the Moon to the Earth (384,400 km) and dividing it by the Moons diameter (3,474.8 km) results in 110.62507194658685391965005180154.


The diameter of the earth is:  Equatorial diameter 12,756.28 km.  Polar diameter 12,713.56 km.  Mean diameter 12,742.02 km






Bose-Einstein condensate,  is named after the Indian scientist who predicted it, Satyendra Nath Bose.  Since he was a partner of  Albert Einstein,  his name is in it too.  Bose was denied a Nobel prize,  as Indians were at that time made to feel that we are an inferior race— though every discovery and invention of that Quantum age , had its roots in our 7000 year old Vedas. 

Punch into Google search SATYENDRANATH BOSE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM-- VADAKAYIL




Our bodies are piezo-electric bio-crystals, resonant transducers of living light and life force. We have unlimited access to the radiant field of consciousness which is infinite active universal intelligence. We all have direct and immediate access to the scalar field of consciousness . There is a connection between DNA and consciousness . 

The brain and the DNA are transducers for quantum information from the scalar field. When a DNA strand is placed in a vacuum, the energy emitted by that strand will attract photons which will assume the same shape of the DNA strand, even if the DNA strand is removed later. Quantum coherence in the micro tubules of every cell is the key to consciousness


To become enlightened you have to let go of attachment to all material aspects, which include body, mind and emotions . You are entering into unknown fields, yet there is a rock of stability and that is your ability to be aware . The more you let go of attachment to physical aspects, the more you are guided and the more self-sovereign you become. The more you let go, the more aware you become. This is truly a journey that everyone must take alone, once you are prepared for the journey,  under a guru.

Nadis exist in the etheric body, unseen to the naked eye and is based on energy currents, vibration and psychic energy . Kundalini rises only when the state of purification of the nadis and chakras has progressed far enough.  The goal of many of the yoga practices is to purify the nadis, and then to cause the prana and apana to meet and rise up through the sushumna.

Conscious use of the soham mantra is a tremendous aid in balancing Ida and Pingala.

Punch into Google search SO HAM MANTRA, EXPAND YOUR CONSCIOUSNESS - VADAKAYIL

Another method of purifying the nadis and disciplining them is by doing Surya Namaskar.

Punch into Google search SURYA NAMASKAR, THE 11000 YEAR OLD VEDIC SUN SALUTATION - VADAKAYIL

Balancing Ida and Pingala  balances the sympathetic and parasympathetic branches of the autonomic nervous system, reducing the elevated flight or fight response.  In other words, the single act of balancing the breath is a tremendous aid in physical stress reduction, in addition to being a spiritual practice setting the stage for Kundalini Awakening.  

Like I said before out of these 72,000 subtle nadis only 3 nadis are very important.  They are Ida, Pingala and Sushumna.  The 10 main nadis which carry prana out of the 72000 are Ida, Pingala, Sushumna, Gandhari, Hastijihva, Pusa, Yusasvini, Alambusa, Kuhuh and Sankhini .

The Ida is feminine ( irrespective of gender ) , left sympathetic nervous system, on LH side of spinal cord,  tamas- yin negative charge polarity energy, represented by cooling moon, connecting to left nostril, controls mental processes, connects to RH brain lobe, pale colour

The Pingala is masculine ( irrespective ofgender ) , on RH side of spinal cord,  rajas-yang positive charge polarity energy , represented by heating sun, connecting to right nostril, controls vital processes, connects to RH brain lobe, red colour,

 Both ida and pingala ends between the eye brows—at Shiva’s third eye.



The Medullar Sushumna, which interpenetrates the cerebrospinal axis from the perineum to the juncture of the lamboid and sagittal suture of the cranium, and is associated with both nostrils being open and free to the passage of air.  

Sushumna-Sattwa is at the back of the anus, in the middle of the Spinal chord and is the most important of all nadis, neutral charge energy . It is attached to the spinal column and extends to the Brahmarandhra of the head and is invisible and subtle. 

If the coiled-up energy, Kundalini, passes up along the Sushumna Nadi and is taken up from Chakra to Chakra the Yogi gets different sorts of experiences, powers and Ananda ( bliss ). When ida and pingala get balanced and unite in the activated sushumna, pure consiousness arises.  

It is only when prana moves into the sushumna that the latent spiritual power of  kundalini can be awakened. Kundalaini is the power of pure consciousness, the dynamic potential of the soul. It is the Divine Mother Herself, visualized as a serpent coiled three and a half times, with its tail in its mouth. 



One of the objects of activating the spiral fire and its progress up the spine to the head is to awaken the pineal gland, which results in the opening of the third eye and the consequent revelation of the subtler planes of life When it reaches the brain, the yogi is perfectly detached from the body and mind; the soul finds itself free.

Again, the goal of the sadhaka ( the man who does meditation) in his sadhana (meditating practice) is to bring the hood of the kundalini to Sahasrara chakra through Sushumna situated in between Ida and Pingala.  That is when the hood reaches head or Sahasrara chakra, the tail of the 3.5 coiled serpent will reach Mooladharachakra.

While doing meditation the awakened kundalini should raise neither through left side Ida nor through right Pingala but through centre Sushumna nadi only. If not the sadhaka will get traumatic results. The  breathing should be slow and long. The posture should be straight and erect. internally placing attention between the eyebrows, making the energies flow evenly between the nostrils.Otherwise the breath will take Ida path or pingala path deviating from Sushumna path.



Ida and pingala function alternately and directly influence the temperature of the body, digestive and hormonal secretions, the brainwaves and all the bodily systems. Ida and pingala function according to a natural cycle, but on account of poor eating habits, pollution  and inharmonious lifestyles, the natural cycle is often disturbed. 

Sometimes one nadi predominates and the other is suppressed. This leads to mental and physical imbalances and generally results in disease. Therefore, ida and pingala must be disciplined or made to function according to the laws of nature. Only when there is harmony between these two nadis can sushumna be awakened. 

When sushumna awakens, kundalini ascends straight to sahasrara and one becomes a jivanmukta, a liberated soul .

When awakening takes place in sushumna, you may feel or see a rod of light, or your spinal cord may seem to be fully illumined from within. The “jerking” that occurs, is an effect of the energy pulsating through the Sushumna.  This movement and sounds of a train in a tunnel signifies the movement of the serpent Shakti towards Shiva. Once attained this you have reached Shiva, the Highest.





"A hundred and one are the arteries of the heart, one of them leads up to the crown of the head. Going upward through that, one becomes immortal." (CU 8.6.6) Chandogya Upanishad.

There are two phases of kundalini awakening.  Only after purification can there be awakening  Only by purifying the nadis and awakening the 7 main chakras is the kundalini able to rise up through the spine . 

Purification of nadis is critical to good health so that a balanced level of prana can flow throughout the nadis and chakra systems.  Impure nadis cause blockages of the prana and this is what leads to disease in the physical body.

 By purifying you can experience better sense of self-control and, overcome anger and resentment to find inner calm and mental peace. It strengthens the immune system too and helps you fight off several diseases and keep them at bay. A positive mind is a great weapon against all of them.

When pranayama is correctly and regularly practiced, it calms and internalized the mind, floods the system with fresh prana, strengthens the organs of the body and purifies the nadis . Pranayama practices, including nadi shodhana, which involves alternate breathing through left and right nostrils, which would alternately stimulate respectively the left and right sides of the brain. Although we often refer to pranayama as breath control, it actually is the expansion and redirection of prana via the medium of breath . 

As per our Vedas Prana-vayu is responsible for inhalation. This form of prana moves between the navel and heart and is responsible for the functioning of the heart and lungs. It controls breathing, swallowing and the circulation of blood.. 

Apana-vayu is responsible for exhalation and is a downward moving current. Its seat is between the anus and the navel. It controls the functions of the kidneys, bowels and bladder and is responsible for excretion, urination, expulsion of gas, sexual fluids and childbirth.

Serious yogis should refrain from eating eat meat, fish or eggs, and avoid all mind-altering drugs and alcohol and impure items such as tobacco, onions, garlic, fermented and acidic foods , and anything that overloads your system or agitates your mind. Occasional fasts are good for the body and mind. The best day to fast are ekadashi, the 11th day of the waxing and waning moon. 

For one with a well balanced body and mind, that shift of nostril dominance happens automatically approximately once in ninety minutes. For other people, the shift may be much different. Sometimes one can be so off balance that one nostril remains dominant, which is a symptom of some physical, mental, or emotional difficulties.

To know more about the direct method of awakening , Pranayama , punch into Google search PRANAYAMA – VADAKAYIL

Pranayama is a divinely revealed science that improves health, increases vitality, and awakens the latent spiritual energies in the subtle body. Combined with asanas, meditation, japa, prayer and devotion, pranayama can quicken our spiritual advancement. 

The renowned Hatha-Yoga master B. K. S. Iyengar has explained the connection between breath control and the elements as follows:

In our body we have five elements. The element responsible for production of the elixir of life (prana) is earth. The element of air is used as a churning rod, through inhalation and exhalation, and distribution is through the element of ether. Ether is space, and its quality is that it can contract or expand. When you inhale, the element of ether expands to take the breath in. In exhalation, the ether contracts to push out toxins.

Two elements remain: water and fire. If there is a fire, water is used to extinguish it. This gives us the idea that fire and water are opposing elements. With the help of the elements of earth, air and ether, a friction is created between water and fire, which not only generates energy but releases it, just as water moving turbines in a hydroelectric power station produces electricity. 

To generate electricity, the water has to flow at a certain speed. An inadequate flow will not produce electricity. Similarly, in our system, normal breathing does not produce that intense energy. This is why we are all suffering from stress and strain, causing poor circulation which affects our health and happiness. The current is not sufficient so we are merely existing, not living.

In the practice of pranayama, we make the breath very long. In this way, the elements of fire and water are brought together, and this contact of fire and water in the body, with the help of the element of air, releases a new energy, called by yogis divine energy, or kundalini shakti, and this is the energy of prana.

According to the Shiva-Samhita(3.26-28), alternate breathing should be performed twenty times four times a day-at dawn, mid-day, sunset, and mid-night. If done regularly for three months, this procedure, we are told, will definitely cleanse the channels. It is only then that the practitioner should turn to breath control proper.



An indirect method of awakening the Kundalini for amazing results adopted by Indian yogis is tapasya, which means the performance of severe penances and austerities. 

These yogis do NO wear clothes and cover themselves with ashes.  Tapasya   is   a   means   of   purification. Through this process the mind, the emotions and the whole personality are cleansed of all the dirt, complexes and patterns of behavior that cause pain and suffering.  Bad habits, vices are uprooted and destroyed at its psychic root,  not only at the conscious level. 

Tapasya is a psychological or psycho-emotional process through which the aspirant tries   to   set   in   motion   a   process   of   metabolism   that   will   eradicate   the   habits   that   create weakness and obstruct the awakening of willpower.  This strength of will is the fruit of tapasya.  Once you achieve a balanced mind in the face of mental and emotional conflicts and you can endure anger, worry, love and passion, disappointment, jealousy, hatred, memories of the past, sufferings and sorrows, you are ready for the awakening.  

Such sadhus live in seclusion because when there are interactions with people, so many thought currents move in the mind.  Mixing with people, talking and gossiping create crosscurrents of love, hatred, infatuation, jealousy, likes and dislikes, restlessness, worry , desires and passions. 

When you do NOT have any interaction with people, you will be spared a lot of mental turmoil.  You will  have NIL psychological cobwebs.  

He is also ready for the vairagya or detachment that will come to him as a result of the awakening of kundalini.



These yogis practice  Hatha-Yoga. The Gheranda-Samhita (5.36) distinguishes between two basic types of purification practices: samanu and nirmanu, which terms denote "mental" and "nonmental" respectively. I will discuss the latter first.

As this text explains, it consists in physical cleansing processes called dhauti, comprising the following techniques:
1. antar-dhauti ("inner cleansing") consisting of the following four techniques:

(a) vata-sara ("air process"), which is done by inhaling through the mouth and expelling the air through the lower passage;

(b) vari-sara ("water process"), which is done by sipping water until the stomach is completely filled and expelling it through the lower passage;

(c) vahni-sara ("fire process"), which is done by pushing the navel one hundred times back toward the spine, which increased the "gastric fire";

(d) bahish-krita ("external action"), which is done by sucking in air through the mouth until the stomach is filled, retaining it for ninety minutes, and then expelling it through the lower passage; this is followed by one's standing in navel-deep water and pushing out the lower intestinal tract for cleansing—I do hope you understand what this means.

2. danta-dhauti ("dental cleansing"), which includes cleaning the teeth, the tongue, as well as the ears and frontal sinuses;

3. hrid-dhauti ("lit. "heart cleansing"), which consists of (a) introducing the stalk of a plantain, turmeric, or cane into the throat to clean it out; (b) filling the stomach with water and then expelling it through the mouth; (c) swallowing a long strip of thin cloth and then pulling it out again (a process called vвso-dhauti, "cloth cleansing");

4. mula-shodhana ("rectal cleansing"), which is done by means of turmeric, water, or the middle finger.

Blissful sex or drinking Soma and raising Kundalini in 3 seconds would have been much easier , right?

The Shiva-Samhita (3.31-32) also states that when the nadis have been purified, certain signs will manifest: The body becomes harmonious (sama) and beautiful, and emits a pleasant scent, while the voice becomes resonant and the appetite increases. Also, the yogin whose subtle pathways are thoroughly cleansed is always "full-hearted," energetic, and strong.

The Hatha-Yoga-Pradоpika (2.19) mentions leanness and brightness of the body as indications of a purified nadi system. Now the practitioner is like a finely tuned instrument and ready to engage the higher processes of Tantra, leading to the activation of the serpent power.




The psychic symbol for mooladhara Chakra is a deep red, four-petalled lotus.  Inside there is a smoky lingam around which a snake is coiled three and a half times with its head facing in a dormant or sleeping state. 

On each petal is a letter: vam, sham, sham, sam, written in gold. In the pericarp is a yellow square, symbol of the earth element, surrounded by eight golden spears - four at each corner and four at the cardinal points. 

In tantra this coiled serpent is known as mahakala, great or endless time. Here kundalini is lying in the womb of the unconscious, beyond time and space. When kundalini begins to manifest, it enters the dimensions of personality and individuality, and becomes subject to time and space.  That is the awakening of the great serpent power within the individual form, frame and consciousness of the human being. 

However, inmost people it is dormant. In its awakened state kundaiini shakti represents our spiritual potential, but in its dormant state it represents that instinctive level of life which supports our basic existence Mooladhara awakening is often accompanied by itchy sensations around the coccyx or anus, and the sense of smell becomes so acute that offensive odors are difficult to bear. When the positive and negative forces of ida and pingala are completely balanced, an awakening is sparked off here which arouses the dormant kundalini.


In the female body its location is at the root of the uterus, in the posterior side of the cervix  Mooladhara is the first center in human incarnation, but it is the highest chakra that animals have the capacity to awaken.  It is their sahasrara. The higher chakras beyond mooladhara are not present in the psychic physiology of animals and their nervous systems reflect this relative deficiency. I wonder of Charles Darwrin ever knew of consciousness.

Below mooladhara there are other chakras which represent the evolution of the animal kingdom. They are only related to sense consciousness and not to mental awareness The names of the lower chakras are atala, vitala, sutala, talatala, rasatala, mahatala and   the   lowest   is patala. Just as mooladhara is the lowest chakra in the human body, patala is the lowest in the animal kingdom. It is the dimension which represents total darkness, where nature is not functioning and matter is completely dormant and static.

Sahasrara is the highest in human evolution.  Up to mooladhara chakra evolution takes place automatically. Animals do not have to practise pranayama and japa yoga Because they don't think, nature is benevolently responsible for every phase of their evolution. However, once kundalini reaches mooladhara chakra, evolution is no longer spontaneous, because a human being is not completely subjected to the laws of nature. 


For example, animals only mate in particular seasons. At other times, even if they live together they will not mate. But, because man is free from the laws of nature, he can mate whenever he wants. Conscious creatures can see themselves in the mirror—only humans and elephants can do that. Few creatures like chimps, bonobos and dolphins are partially conscious. This is why dolphins and bonobos have sex for pleasure.

Man has awareness of time and space, and he has an ego. He can think, he can know that he is thinking and he can know that he knows that he is thinking. This is because of the evolution of ego. If there is no ego there will not be double awareness. Animals do not have double awareness. If a dog is chasing another dog, it is under nature's compulsion. It doesn't know it is chasing and the other dog doesn't know that it is running. It runs because instinct compels it to. 

That is why it is said that kundalini is sleeping in mooladhara chakra. It can't progress beyond this point unless it is pushed and prodded . Sometimes it even ascends to swadhisthana or manipura via ida or pingala nadis to find it blocked only get angry attack these centres and to return to mooladhara again to sleep. 

However, once the shakti goes beyond manipura chakra via sushumna nadi there is no going back. It is the inner aspect of that nerve complex which carries all kinds of sensations and is immediately connected with the testes.

In both the male and female bodies, there is a vestigial gland at mooladhara chakra which is something like a knot.  In Sanskrit this is known as brahma granthi; the knot of Brahma. As long as this knot remains intact, the energy located in this area is blocked. But the moment the knot is opened, shakti awakens. 

It is only when the individual awakens to the possibility of divine consciousness, to a greater force and purpose than that of instinctive animal life, that the brahma granthi begins to loosen. Consciousness begins to be liberated from the root center as the individual's aspiration awakens. Just because mooladhara is situated near your asshole , this does not make it an impure center.

All   the   passions   are   stored   inmooladhara, all the guilt, every complex and every agony has its root in mooladhara chakra.  Man's life, his desires, his actions and his accomplishments, are controlled by the sexual   desires,   and   whatever   we   do   in   life   is   an   expression   of   that   lower   chakra . Our lower samskaras and karmas are embedded there, as in lower incarnations, one's whole being is founded on the sexual personality.  


Dr. Sigmund Freud has also emphasized this point. He said that one's selection of clothing, food, friends, home furnishing and decor, etc., everything is influenced by his sexual awareness.  Sexual fulfillment and sexual frustrations control our life.  

If sexual urges are removed from life, everything will change. Often we react to sexual life on account of bitter experiences and we vow not to follow the same path again. We are fed up and on account of that we say, 'No more'.  But this is no solution, it's only a reaction and not the permanent structure of our mind .

When mooladhara awakens, a number of phenomena occur. The first thing many practitioners experience is levitation of the astral body. One has the sensation of floating upward in space, leaving the physical body behind. This is due to the energy of kundaiini whose ascending momentum causes the astral body to disassociate from the physical and move upward. 



This phenomenon is limited to the astral and possibly mental dimensions, and this differs from what is normally called levitation - the actual displacement of the physical body. Sometimes we see morons trying to physically fly in videos on the Internet by flexing their ass muscles -- this is is rock bottom ( or Mooladhara ) of ignorance and the height of stupidity..




The   power   of   the   chakras   does   not   reside   in   the chakras themselves, but in sahasrara. The chakras are only transducers .  It is only when kundalini reaches ajna chakra that the transcendence begins.  All the potential lies in sahasrara. The literal meaning of the word sahasrara is 'one thousand'. For this reason it is said to be a lotus with one thousand petals.

Sahasrara is the culmination of yoga, the perfect union between shiva and Shakti and the unfolding of enlightenment.   When this union takes place, the moment of self-realization or samadhi begins. At this point the individual man dies.  I don't mean that physical death occurs, it is death of the mundane awareness or individual awareness.  It is death of the experience of name and form. At this time you don't   remember   the   'I',   the   'you'   or   the   'they'.  



The   experience,   the   experienced   and   the experiencer are one and the same. The seer, seeing and and seen are merged as a unified whole. In other words, there is no multiple or dual awareness. There is only single awareness. When Shiva and Shakti unite, nothing remains, there is absolute silence. Shakti does not remain Shakti and Shiva is no more Shiva, both are mingled into one and they can no longer be identified as two different forces.

In due course the Kundalini energy comes down, ideally taking residence in the heart anahata chakra,  balancing upper and lower chakras.  You live a normal life, associating with everybody and discharging your worldly obligations like other people do. 

Now you are in the midst of games of victory and defeat,  attachments and infatuations,  but you just play a game.  You know it; you do everything as an actor.  You are not involved in it life and soul .  People recognize you as a divine incarnation reality.  



When Shiva and Shakti descend to the gross level of awareness there is again duality. That is why the self-realized man is able to understand pain and all the mundane affairs of life.  He understands the whole drama of duality, multiplicity and diversity.  Sometimes we ordinary mortals are at a fix to understand how this man with the highest attainment is able to cope with the hopeless dualities of life.  



Shakti rules the matter and Shiva rules the consciousness, and when they descend to the gross plane, Shakti continues to rule the matter and Shiva, being consciousness, gives an understanding to the whole world.




There are three channels through which the spiritual energies of the kundalini can rise. The one recommended is the sushumna. The other two are to be avoided.

It is very important that you awaken sushumna before attempting to raise the kundalini—by balancing the ida and pingala nadis..

In the systematic process of awakening kundalini,  the first step is to purify and balance ida and pingala nadis and create harmony in their functioning.  Next, all the chakras have to be awakened. Then sushumna nadi is awakened, and when there is a clear pathway for its ascent, only then kundalini can be awakened. This is the reason why it must be done under a qualified guru.

If the kundalini shakti flows outside of the sushumna nadi into and through the ida nadi on the left side of the spine, which corresponds to the left sympathetic nerve system, it is fragmented into other smaller and more sensitive nerve currents connected to the organs of the physical body. 

It produces heat within this formerly cool nadi network. The person becomes overly emotional, feminine in nature, talks a lot, often has hurt feelings, cries at the least provocation and engages in other emotional behavior patterns that center around the personal I-ness

If the serpent power flows up through the pingala nadi and into the sympathetic nerve network on the right side of the body, the person becomes overly intellectual, very masculine in nature, talks little,  has steel nerves and patterns centering around the conquest of others through intellectual debate.  He is prone to long silences, holding in emotions, and to secret patterns of behavior to stimulate or satisfy base desires.  In other words, he is not open, smiling, friendly, companionable.

In either case, the kundalini shakti rising through the ida or pingala can move upward only to the manipura chakra and no farther. This is the impasse.

If the Kundalini shakti moves through either of the other of the two wrong channels, it will produce acute discomfort, physically, emotionally, intellectually and astrally -- that no Western doctor's effort can fathom the cause of , or effect a cure.  Western medicine is presently not equipped to handle these problems . The psychological symptoms tend to mimic schizophrenia. 

It is very likely, therefore, that such individuals may be diagnosed as schizophrenics and be either institutionalized for madness or given very drastic and unwarranted treatment.  As long as we look at the symptom only and not the cause, which is only expressed in the physical, emotional and mental bodies, the treatment will be inadequate.

Billions of nervous connections can ‘burn’ and dissolve, leading to mental illness, symptoms of strokes or multiple sclerosis.  Such accidents usually are the consequences of a premature Kundalini awakening due to modern drugs like LSD, DMT, Ecstasy or others. If the nervous system is not ready to handle a sudden ‘power surge’ of cosmic magnitude, the awakening can result in serious damage to the body, especially the brain . 

On the other hand, when Kundalini awakens naturally, self-regulating systems within the body harmoniously control and limit the amount of electricity released.  As a result of this filtering mechanism, the nervous system progressively adjusts to the extra power, rather than self-destructing.  

When the Kundalini awakens it may stir up a lot of repressed feelings and traumas from the unconscious and cause considerable anguish and pain in the individual.  Grown ups adults will cry uncontrollably.  A premature Kundalini awakening too may cause psychotic episodes in individuals with severe early traumas. Such traumas are usually associated with serious organic or biological disturbances.



If the preparation is insufficient, at various junctures, as it rises, the kundalini shakti, or serpent power, attacks the organs in the vicinity of the chakra it is passing through, biting and poisoning them on the astral level. The poison flows through all organs, temporary physical, mental and emotional suffering is the consequence . 

As it climbs, each one of the astral organs is hurt and felt as a physical ailment. This often reflects as a symptomatic problem in the kidneys, then stomach problems and later heart problems and thyroid difficulties. At each juncture, the western doctor would be perplexed by the ailment, unable to find a medical cause, then doubly perplexed when that problem disappears suddenly and the next new one arises.  Though treatments and multiple tests are more than often given, the source of the problems is usually undetected.

Everyone is craving kundalini awakening, but few people have the discipline and mental, emotional, physical and nervous preparation required to avoid damage to the brain and tissues. If ever you become scared and want to stop the process of kundalini awakening, all you have to do is revert to a gross lifestyle.  Just revise all your base passions, cunning dreams and worldly ambitions .  

Kundalini can remain stuck in one chakra for many years. Sometimes, when kundalini gets blocked in a chakra during transit,  you begin to exhibit some of the siddhis or psychic powers associated with that chakra.  

Again , never attempt to activate or raise Kundalini without a guru.  Attempting to raise alone could cause permanent mental damage. Kundalini is for ADULT energy bodies only - no children are allowed.

To know more about chakras -

Punch into Google search CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER - VADAKAYIL
























 


When Kundalini is awakened fromvits slumber, it hisses like a disturbed serpent and enters the hole of Sushumna.  The rising Kundalini speeds up the the 6 chakras enroute before it reaches the brain. When it travels from Chakra to Chakra, layer after layer of the mind becomes open and the Yogi acquires various Siddhis (psychic powers).

Chakras are centres of spiritual energy. They are located in the astral body, but they have corresponding centres in the physical body also. They cannot be the naked eyes. Only a clairvoyant can see with his astral eyes.


So each of the principal chakras can be visualized as a lotus flower with a specific color and number of petals as follows:
Mooladhara - 4 petalled deep red lotus
Swadhisthana  - 6 petalled vermilion lotus
Manipura - 10 petalled bright yellow lotus
Anahata - 12 petalled blue lotus
Vishuddhi - 16 petalled violet lotus
Ajna - 2 petalled silver-grey lotus
Sahasrara - 1000 petalled multicolored or red lotus

Music Chakra Sanskrit scale
Do mooladhara Sa
Re swadhisthana  Re
Mi manipura    GaFa anahata Ma
So vishuddhi    Pa
La ajna Dha
Ti bindu Ni
Do sahasrara   Sa


The bija mantras for each kshetram and chakra are as follows:
mooladhara lam
swadhisthana vam
mianipura ram
anahata yam
vishuddhi ham
ajna оm
bindu оm

In each chakra six things are combined : 1) the chakra color, 2) the petals of the lotus flower, 3) the yantra or geometrical shape, 4) the bija mantra, 5) the animal symbol, 6) the higher or divine symbol. Each chakra contains an animal and divine beings. The animals represent your previous evolution and instincts, and the divine beings represent higher consciousness.



In mooladhara, the karmas of the lower stages of our evolution are manifested in the form of anger, greed, jealousy, passion, love, hatred and so on. There we are working out that karma, manifesting and expressing it overtly.

When kundalini ascends from mooladhara to swadhisthana, the sadhaka experiences a crucial period in which all his repressed emotions, especially those of a more primal nature, express themselves. Passions mount during this period and all kinds of infatuations ensue, making the sadhaka extremely irritable and unstable at times.  He can be seen sitting quietly in contemplation one moment and hurling objects at someone the next.  

One day he may sleep deeply for hours together, another day he may get up at one or two in the morning to take bath and meditate.  He becomes very passionate, loud and talkative, while at other times he is silent. All   the   karmas,   the   past   lives,   the   previous experiences, the greater dimension of the human personality that is unconscious, can be symbolized by swadhisthana chakra.  

At the level of swadhisthana, however, there is no conscious activity or manifestation. This is hiranyagarbha, the universal womb, where everything exists in a potential state. All those insignificant and unimpressive karmas, which have been registered automatically in our consciousness, form the total unconscious. In kundalini yoga, swadhisthana is often regarded as a hindrance in the sense that these karmas lying embedded in the unconscious do not allow the rising kundalini to pass through.  



After the initial awakening, kundalini returns to dormancy time and time again, solely due to the karmic block at swadhisthana.  When kundalini is residing in swadhisthana chakra, the last vestige of karma is being thrown out and all the negative samskaras express themselves and are expelled.  At this time you may be angry, afraid or full of sexual fantasies and passion.  You may also experience lethargy, indolence, depression and all kinds of tamasic characteristics. The tendency to procrastinate is very strong and you just want to sleep and sleep. This  stage of evolution is known as purgatory.  


As the liberated energy (Kundalini) courses through the system, it actually sweeps away samskaras – karmic traces from the past that are still imprinted in the body and mind – like floodwaters clearing clogged debris from a river bed.

When no sexual desires of any kind manifest in an aspirant any more, and when there is no more personal attraction, that means kundalini has passed beyond swadhisthana chakra.  Once you pass swadhisthana you will not have to face any explosive traumas again, but there will be other difficulties further on.  Kundalini is unlikely to descend again as it is destined to move on whereas from manipura onwards higher man predominates.  



So mooladhara is the seat of kundalini,  swadhisthana is the abode, and the awakening takes place in manipura.  This is because from manipura the awakening becomes ongoing and there is practically no danger of a downfall or devolution of consciousness.  Up to this point, kundalini may awaken and arise many times, only to recede again, but awakening of manipura is what we call a confirmed awakening. 

The force of sadhana has caused a total reorganization of the pranic flow in the body, so that mooladhara is transcended and the new base of kundalini is manipura chakra.  Human evolution takes place through seven planes in the same way that kundalini awakens in the seven chakras. When the consciousness evolves to manipura, the sadhaka acquires a spiritual perspective. He gets a glimpse of the higher lokas or planes of existence. . 

Only when the sadhaka reaches manipura is heable to visualize before him the infinite state of consciousness which is no longer gross and empirical.  It stretches before him endlessly, full of beauty,  truth and auspiciousness. In the face of this vision, all his views are completely changed. The personal prejudices, complexes   and   biases   drop   away   as   the   endless   beauty   and   perfection   of   the   higher worlds dawn within the consciousness.whatever he thinks and does will be influenced by this higher vision. 

This is why the psychic powers that come to the sadhaka after having awakened and established the kundalini in manipura are really benevolent and compassionate, where as those which manifest in mooladhara and swadhisthana are still tinged by the dark aspect of the lower mind.  Therefore, manipura literally means "city of jewels". 

The powers gained through the awakening of manipura chakra are the ability to create and destroy, self-defence,  the acquisition of hidden treasures, no fear of fire, knowledge of one's own body, freedom from disease and the ability of sending the energy to sahasrara. The lower chakras belong to the empirical world of body, mind and senses. 

People who accept their fate as inevitable have not yet transcended rnooladhara and swadhisthana chakras. Manipura is still considered earthly, although it lies at the boundary between mortal and immortal planes. Those who actively shape their own destiny through strength of will channelled in a positive direction, which leads to realization and achievement, are in the realm of manipura.




The word anahata actually means 'unstruck or unbeaten'.  Anahata chakra is situated in the spinal column on the inner wall, directly behind the center of the chest.  This chakra is a very delicate center, for it is directly connected with that part of the brain which is responsible for all the creative sciences and fine arts such as painting, dance, music, poetry, etc.  

It is said that he who meditates on the heart lotus is foremost among yogis and adored by women. He is preeminently wise and full of noble deeds.  His senses are completely under control and his mind can be engrossed in intense concentration.  His speech is inspired and he has the ability to enter another's body at will.  It is at anahata chakra is where the thoughts and desires of the individual are materialized and fulfilled.  There are basically two ways of thinking -dependently or independently.  Up to manipura chakra the first approach holds true, but once the shakti pierces anahata, the second approach takes precedence. 

 Anahata chakra is almost completely beyond these empirical dimensions.  Here, one realizes that fate is of course real, but still one can go totally beyond its dictates. It is like throwing   something   into   the   sky.   If   you   are   able   to   hurl   that   object   right   out   of   the gravitational field, then it will no longer be pulled down by the earth's magnetic forces. Just as a rocket is launched at tremendous speed in order to go beyond the gravitational pull of the earth, so the consciousness is accelerated in anahata to the speed of free will in order to transcend the pull of latent samskaras. 

It is only when you reach anahata chakra that you become a yogi.  

Up until then, whether you are in mooladhara, swadhisthana or manipura, you are a yoga practitioner.  

In anahata you become a yogi because you are completely established in yogic consciousness and you depend solely upon the power of your own consciousness rather than on anything that is external or concerning faith..  If the consciousness awakens in anahata, but you do not know the powers of your mind, or you possess negative, pessimistic attitudes, dark approaches to life, apprehensions, fears and many other negative mental tendencies, then you will immediately fall prey to them. 



If this happens, you risk the possibility of falling back from anahata.  And if you fall from anahata, there is hardly any chance of making a second start. To avoid a downfall at this point, it is necessary to always remain as alert as the antelope, which is sensitive to each and every sound. 

The Anahata chakra awakens refined emotion in the brain and its awakening is characterized by a feeling of universal, unlimited love for all beings.  Just   as   the   sun   removes   darkness,   love   removes ego. These two can never coexist. When kundalini is established in anahata there is absolute devotion and even a confirmed atheist will change. 

Anahata is the seat of human love and the seat of divine love. One obtains complete emotional balanceand the ability to communicate externally as well as internally. Voices or sounds coming from other realms may be heard, and buzzing or humming sounds and the music of a flute may be experienced. The sadhaka may become an insired poet, artist or singer.  He may manifest clairvoyant /clairaudient or psychokinetic ability.

A person who is in anahata is generally very sensitive to the feelings of others and his sense of touch is strongly developed.  He also has the ability to heal others, either by touch or by generating his own spiritual energy to other people in order to effect curative changes. Many people who perform miraculous healings do so through the agency of anahata chakra.

Vishuddhi chakra is known as the 'purification center'. The Sanskrit word shuddhi means (to purify), and in this chakra the purifying and harmonizing of all opposites takes place. Vishuddhi allows us to differentiate between realization coming into our consciousness from the higher levels of knowledge, and the mere babblings of our unconscious mind and wishful thinking. 

Vishuddhi chakra is in the cervical plexus directly behind the throat pit.  Its kshetramis in the front of the neck, at the throat pit or thyroid gland.  The as a purple lotus of sixteen petals. These sixteen petals correspond to the number of nadis associated with this center.  It is represented by the element of ether or akasha. This ethereal region is the gateway to liberation for one whose senses are pure and controlled . 




When vishuddhi is awakened , amrit, the divine fluid is retained and utilized, becoming the nectar of immortality. The secret of youth and regeneration of the body lies in the awakening of vishuddhi chakra. . The thought waves of others are also experienced elsewhere in the body, in other centers such as manipura, but the actual reception center of thought waves and transmissions is vishuddhi.  From vishuddhi they are relayed to the centers in the brain associated with the other chakras and in this way they enter into the individual awareness.

The seat of bindu is at the top back of the head, exactly at the spot where the Hindu brahmins leave a tuft of hair growing. Although this custom is still being followed today, its original purpose has been completely forgotten. In Sanskrit that tuft of hair is called shikha, which means 'the flame of fire'.

The pineal gland has verified that it is the anatomical and functional concomitant of ajna chakra. When the energy rises to the fourth centre, the heart or Anahata, spiritual awakening takes place. At this stage the heart is flowering with love, and man has a spiritual vision of the divine light. His mind then no longer runs after worldly pleasures. 

When the fifth and sixth chakra (throat and eyebrow) are awakened man becomes free of ignorance and all information is available to him through his intuition. Finally, when the energy reaches the crown chakra on the top of the head, man experiences Samadhi.  Samadhi is a state where consciousness experiences itself and its oneness with God.


When Shiva and Shakti unite in sahasrara, one experiences samadhi, illumination occurs in the brain and the silent areas begin to function . Shiva and Shakti remain merged together for some time, and during this period there is a total loss of consciousness pertaining to each other.  



At that time a bindu evolves. Bindu means a point, a drop, and that bindu is the substratum of the whole cosmos.  Within that bindu is the seat of human intelligence and the seat of the total creation. Then the bindu splits into two , Shiva and Shakti manifest again in duality. When ascension took place it was only the ascent of Shakti, but now, when descension takes place, Shiva and Shakti both descend to the gross plane and there is again knowledge of duality. 

When the descent of kundalini occurs to anahata chakra , it means the lower mental plane of the human being is no longer influenced by the ordinary mind, the supermind takes over instead. This higher form of consciousness rules the body, mind and senses and directs your life, thoughts and emotions. Kundalini is  henceforth the ruler of your life. 




By Khechari mudra you put pressure on the soft palate in the middle indentation located on the roof of the mouth with the tip of your tongue. In the course of time the tongue gets elongated and can be inserted into the nasal orifice. Then certain glands which are connected with the cranial passage and bindu visarga are stimulated, and as a result, amrit or nectar begins to flow. When amrit is released you experience a special type of'high' or intoxication. 

Amrit relieves all hunger and thirst in very advanced practitioner. At the higher level,  bindu is a point. At the lower level, it is drop of liquid, which drips from the male and female orgasm.


Tantra, yogis do NOT ejaculate. They learn to stop it.  He does asanas like vajroli mudra ,  moola bandha and uddiyana bandha to help him master the control of orgasmic ejaculation. The woman strengthens her sphincter , vaginal and uterine muscles, and hence she is in charge and man is just her medium. There is no bouncing, if you know what I mean.  

I have to be careful here as girls as small as 9 years read my posts. . 

If the man loses his bindu, it means that the woman has failed to carry out her functions properly. In tantra it is said that Shiva is incapable without Shakti.  Shakti is the high priestess. The Hindu path of dakshina marga must be followed for many years before the path of vama marga can be entered. The rishis say that the same energy which flows through passion, when channelized, manifests as devotion. Channelize this same energy again and it manifests as spiritual experience. That is why spiritual aspirants love God in various manifestations. . Some picture him as a father, a mother, a child, a friend, husband or lover.




Practicing the Khechari Mudra also stimulates the release of “feel good” neurotransmitters such as dopamine. 



With the release of calming and soothing hormones, a Khechari Mudra practitioner also experiences a profound state of calmness and well-being.  First of all it stills your mind and you are in the moment. 

Additionally, applying pressure to the points on the roof of the mouth helps to balance out the energetic pathways throughout the body. In this way, incorporating a regular practice of the Khechari Mudra into your Yoga practice will help to revitalize your entire being as the nectar of the gods is released and flows from the bindu located at the Third Eye Chakra throughout your whole body. Practicing the Khechari Mudra has the power to awaken the divine Kundalini .


In  hatha yoga there is a practice where  the root or frenulum of the under surface of the tongue is gradually cut and the tongue is slowly elongated and inserted into the nasopharynx. It blocks off the passage as a cork seals a bottle. The whole practice is perfected over a two year period. By this practice the drops from bindu fall to vishuddhi and subsequently permeate the whole bodily system. These drops of nectar maintain the nutrition and vitality of the bodily tissues while simultaneously arresting the metabolic processes of the body. When the metabolism of the cells and tissues of the body is suspended in this way, oxygen is no longer required and cellular wastes are not produced. Therefore, the person who hibernates can live without breathing for quite an extended period of time. Even the facial hair does not grow during the period of hibernation.

I guess I am shocking my readers too much -- so let me stop!

When kundalini wakes up in mooladhara it begins to ascend spirally,like a hissing snake. However, the awakening of kundalini which exists in manipura takes place like a blast.

Signs of Kundalini Awakening:

Involuntary jerking in the body like in a earthquake
Intense feeling of bliss
Feelings of cold in the body
Intense heat in the spine, or a particular chakra, as if molten metal were flowing in the spine
Striking flows of energy, like electricity or internal lightning bolts
Feeling of a  snakes crawling up the spine
Mudras (hand gestures), Bandhas (locks), Asanas (postures), or Pranayama (breathing practices) may come spontaneously rather than being intentionally practiced
Spontaneous emotional shifts
Increase in the experience of inner colors and lights
Inner sounds, such as buzzing, roaring, or thunder
Waves of creative, intellectual, or spiritual insights
Feelings of energy in the hands.
Body assuming and locked into strange
Breathing spontaneously stopping or becoming rapid, shallow, or deep for no apparent reason.
Spontaneous involuntary bodily movements.
Spontaneous deep ecstatic tickle or orgasmic feeling.
Physical sensations starting in the feet, legs or pelvis, and moving up the back and neck to the top of the head, down the forehead, over the face, then to the throat, and ending in the abdomen.
Pains in specific parts of the body that begin and end abruptly.
Internal lights or colors illuminating parts of the body bright enough to illuminate a dark room.
Observing oneself, including one's thoughts, as if one were a bystander.
intense ecstacy of cosmic unity.
Experiencing oneself as physically larger than the body.
Experiencing energy (synesthetically) as light.
Sensitivity to light, sound, and touch
Trance-like and altered states of consciousness 
Extra electricity in your body, constantly getting zapped when you touch things
Pains & pressures in areas of spine, pressures so intense it blows certain vertebra out-of-place
Mental confusion, inability to focus mentally, temporary loss of certain words, names, terms etc.
Going a little “crazy” for periods
Clairvoyantly seeing other dimensional Beings
Smelling smokey burning incense when none is physically there
Sudden waves of nausea
Sudden waves of dizziness
Severe belly bloat, swelling in the gut & upper diaphragm area
Need for privacy
Sudden unexpected out-of-body experiences
Repeatedly coming awake at specific times of the night
Inability to sleep, inability to stay asleep
Extreme emotional phases, mourning, feeling love for all beings etc.
Expansions in consciousness, perceptions, quantum knowing things vs. linear thinking
Major ego dismantling




Kundalini practices are certainly no more dangerous than many of the activities people engage in for the sake of cheap thrills and sport. Just do it the right way.  

If the chakras are not purified, then purification of the nadis will not serve any purpose. If the electrical junctions are not connected or properly organized, even if you have the best wiring available, how will the electrical energy be distributed?  The chakras are the junctions from which the nadis, like cables, transmit the energy to different parts of the body. The seven primary chakras which exist based on the number of times ida and pingala criss-cross at sushumna.

Every cell of your body is directly related to one of the chakras. If you experience pain in any part of the body, the sensation will go to the chakra related to that particular area. This means your whole body is connected with one of the chakras. 

For example, the urinary, excretory and reproductive systems are fed by swadhisthana chakra. The sexual organs are connected to mooladhara chakra. The digestive system, small intestine, large intestine, appendix, pancreas, duodenum, stomach and liver are all connected to manipura chakra. The heart and lungs are fed by anahata chakra. However, in most people, the chakras beyond manipura are dormant. 



Because mooladhara chakra is the highest chakra in animal evolution, it is already functioning in most people. That is why everybody has a very acute sexual awareness and sex has become one of the most important events in man's life. Therefore, most of our social traditions are based upon this particular human requirement.

Specific Yogic asanas  are   intended   to   create   mild   awakening   in   the   chakras.   For   example, sarvangasana will awaken vishuddhi, matsyasana will awaken anahata and bhujangasana will awaken swadhisthana.

Mind is not a psychological stuff, nor is it a thought process.  Mind is energy.  Anger, passion,  greed,  ambition, etc. are waves of that scalar energy. People with relased Kundalini sees everything as fractal geometry.

The mere fact that today's society is utilizing the five tattwas of tantra (meat, fish, wine, grain and sexual interaction) in everyday life means that in most people, kundalini is somewhere between mooladhara and swadhisthana. People who eat meat , kill , and lead base lives have their Kundalini dead asleep in Mooladhara.  Once kundalini leaves swadhisthana and ascends to manipura and anahata, you no longer need the five tattwas. If you are stuck in mooladhara or swadhisthana, you will need to purify the higher chakras and bring them into operation.

Jesus Christ was a vegetarian when he left Kerala in India, by ship for Jerusalem. Roman Governor Pontius Pilate gave secret orders NOT to break his knee caps with a sledge hammer , as is the Roman tradition for punishment by crucification. He came to India by land route again and died in Kashmir at a ripe old age .
The nagas (serpents) of Hindu literature are none other than rishis, liberated yogis and enlightened adepts with released Kundalinis. 

When the serpent’s tail is in its mouth, an endless circle is made, implying boundless wisdom and eternity itself. That is the union of a symbolised positive and negative charge .  Lord Shiva is NOT a snake charmer living in a cremation ground eating dead flesh.  

A lot of naïve Westerners need to re-write their ignorant literature on India. They need to know that the entire genius band of quantum physicists preferred Hindu method of cremation instead of burial, as they were shell shocked , that what they discovered were already written in the Vedas 7000 year ago— and were being handed down by oral route  from 11000 BC  till 5000 BC..

If man can consciously separate the soul from the body when he is alive, then death cannot cause any pain or misery. Yoga is the union of an individual consciousness with infinite consciousness. A yogi is a person who leans completely on the Supreme Consciousness, God, until they have merged their individual self with the Infinite Self. 



Since 11000 BC, the tantrics and yogis have realized that in this physical body there is a potential force. It is not psychological, philosophical or transcendental, rather it is a dynamic potential force in the material body, and it is called kundalini. This kundalini is the greatest discovery of tantra and yoga.  The mind is nothing but an extension of the body complex. Consciousness exists in your DNA . 

After 21st Dec 2012, due to showering of cosmic rays, our 2 strand 97% junk DNA can be upgraded to 12 strand NIL junk—after which man will become superman—like the ancient Maharishis with king size pineal glands who could levitate, become invisible, do remote viewing ( like Sanjaya of Mahabharata war 4000 BC ) , read off past and future aakashik records, survive on sunlight, do remore healing, go into hibernation, die when they wanted ( Icchamrithyu ) by scalar time reversal of body cells..

 All energy is a vortex-- NOT a wave, as you are told in your science books. Scalar waves faster than light can also be generated by balancing the RH and LH lobes of your brain, if your pineal gland is still not calcified.  You cannot measure Scalar waves of 5 dimensional energy with 4 dimensional scientific equipment —and this does NOT make it kirlean camera pseudo science. 

Scalar or longitudinal electromagnetic waves come in phase conjugate pairs.--of of which ONE IS TIME REVERSED.  You can call this identical waves, basically a WAVE and an ANTI-WAVE  ( following the laws of Tamas-Rajas ) that are in phase spacially, but out of phase temporarily. Rather 2 identical waves out of phase in time. 

Scalar waves follow a mobius pattern on axis just like your DNA. Within the vascular mobius coil, there are subsets of figure of eight along major capillary networks. At the heart , the intersection of venous blood passing through the right atrium, over laps the aortic blood coming out of the left atrium. 

This is what Mata Amritanandamayi or the hugging saint does—jump start your blocked chakras with scalar waves from her Mobius coil.  Plasma --the 4th state of matter is a crystal like ionised gas, and a super conductor of electricity--as it has an abundance of free electrons. Plasma can convert a transverse electromagnetic wave to a scalar longitudinal wave.

There are essentially only two types of human beings - those who are on the pravritti path and those who are on the nivritti path. A man following the pravritti (outward) path looks away from bindu towards the outside world. He is almost entirely motivated by external   events.   This   is   the   path   of   most   people   today   and   it   leads   away   from   self knowledge and into bondage. 



The other path, the nivritti (reversed) path, is the spiritual path, the path of wisdom. On this path the individual begins to face the bindu, turning in towards the source of his being. This path leads to freedom. The path of evolution is the pravritti path of manifestation and extroversion. The path of involution leads back along the path that has produced your individual being. It leads back through the bindu to sahasrara. 

The whole purpose of yoga practice is to help direct your awareness along the involutionary path. There is tremendous power ensheathed within the infinitesimal point. 

For example, one theory about the origin of the universe suggests that an infinitely dense point of matter exploded in a 'big bang' to form the entire cosmos. Similarly, research in subatomic physics has revealed that vast amounts of power are found concentrated within the multitudinous different subatomic particles existing in the space/time continuum. Physics is moving into the realms of the ineffable bindu. 

In molecular biology, the essence of bindu can be found in the DNA and RNA molecules, each one of which contains the complete genetic blueprint for the entire organism. . In tantra, each bindu, each particle of manifested existence is regarded as a center of power or shakti. This shakti is an expression of the underlying substratum of static consciousness. The aim of the tantric system is to bring about a fusion of Shakti - the individual manifested power, with Shiva - the inert, underlying universal consciousness.

Yogis and quantum physicists share a wonderful view of the universe as a sea of "quantum foam", of space and time existing not as fixed realities but as mental constructs.

Every day scientists find new diseases and pharma companies invent chemical drugs with destructive side effects. It is a money spinning industry. Why are there so many new chronic diseases that have entered our everyday vocabulary such as ADD, anorexia, bulimia, migraines, acid reflux, hypertension, diabetes, IBS, fibromyalgia, depression and chronic exhaustion to name just a few.  Americans wanted to make Donald Trump of  “You are fired” snarling fame their president. This is what this planet has been reduced to.

This solution is found in the practice of yoga. The fundamental purpose of the yoga practice is to allow the practitioner to find the balance between the polar opposites in their lives.  Human beings must first slow down our minds long enough (by practicing introspection) to begin to notice their imbalanced thoughts, habits and actions. 

To be in the moment and surgically remove your negativity , as a preparation to awaken your Kundalini, punch into Google search VIPASSANA MEDITATION- VADAKAYIL





Kundalini in Sanskrit literally means “coil.” Kundalini is the cosmic energy that lays dormant at the base of the spine in the perineum, and is symbolically depicted as a serpent. 



Keep your mind open about all this. This is NOT Indian snake charmer mysticism .



To know more about beej mantras used to raise the Kundalini-

Punch into Google search-

CHAKRA VORTEX , SCALAR ENERGY TRANSCEIVER  VADAKAYIL


One century ago if you told somebody that you can have a video call on your mobile phone, nobody would have believed you, right? 



Yes, there are things science does NOT know.

Who is a scientist?

Is he God?



Above :  After death when you are cremated and your skull pops, your soul is shot up by a soliton carrier wave to one of these 7 energy layers / astral planes – depending on your aura energy / kundalini raise .   A moksha soul go to the highest  energy plane.  

Remember you are immortal—  you were born with the stars , at the beginning of cosmic creation.  Your cadaver/ body is like a pair of jeans , you discard on death .
********************************************************************
RAJINIKANTH, THE LIVING LEGEND, BEYOND THE PHENOMENON- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



BRAND RAJINIKANTH,  RE-DEFINING  CULT STATUS - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

This post is in response to one of my readers.

When my elder son was doing his ME at Cornell University , USA he narrated an amusing scene at campus on Skype, which caught the eyeballs of all.

The Tamilian students had chartered a bus , decorated it with the film posters of Enthiran ( Robot ) and were driving down to a nearby city to watch the movie.  The bus was jam packed with noisy revelers, like what you get to see after winning a world cup soccer finals--  with a couple of Japs thrown in for good measure.



They were the cynosure of all eyes,  and none of this made sense to any- including my son

So I had to explain that the people of Japan fell in love with a dubbed movie "Muthu" starring Rajnikanth. 




It is now standard practice for Japs to fly down all the way to Chennai to attend the first day release of Rajnikanth's movies.



In addition to the movie they get to see the emotional fireworks of his die hard fans. His fanatic fans totally in awe would do puja, break coconuts, burst crackers, distribute free sweets-- you get to see the works.



And when the movie started , there would be thunderous applause when Rajni-saar first appeared on screen. The audience laughed when he laughed , they cried when he cried, they sulked when he took the first punch and they burst into rapturous cheers and threw confetti when he hammered ze bad guys. 




When Rajni hit them bad guys , they stayed hit--as simple as that. A couple of uppity elite might smirk at his gravity defying jumps, or when he kicks three prime asses with two feet . But then who cares- as long as the masses love it and they lap it up.

His unique mannerisms, idiosyncrasies and style tailored dialogue delivery on screen are the trade secrets of his astonishing mass popularity and appeal.   The man with the Midas touch pulls out all stoppers on screen .

Did someone say that anybody can do all this -- well sonny-boy, that is not the way the cookie crumbles. You need to create a sense of entertainment among viewers to achieve this. 

You need to have the ability to connect with everyone in theaters- it makes them stop demanding answers. The only actor, whose movie tickets sell like hot cakes on the first day is Rajinikanth.
  
It will be no exaggeration to declare that Rajinikath is the most loved film star on this planet. He has been in the industry for 30 years --and he is getting more love with every passing day.

Every movie of his would have a punch line--the audience knew it.  Finally when the invariable happened , they would cry WOW! -- and that would be the talk of the town for the next 3 months.

“Andavan solran, Arunachalam seiran.”  

“God decrees, Arunachalam delivers.”

The audience slips from the edge of their seats and jumps on their feet.

CLAP CLAP CLAP!!!    

PWEEET PWEEET PWEET !!!!



To decode the Rajini phenomenon Grady Hendrix, a writer at slate.com, once wrote, “If a tiger had sex with a tornado and then their tiger-nado baby got married to an earthquake, their offspring would be Rajinikanth.”

Rajnikanth's  image is larger than life, in a way you can hardly imagine. Over the years his mass base has swelled--even with people who have never seen his movies , but just seen flashes of him on TV.  For some it is impossible to fathom, the method behind all this madness

On the Internet you find Rajini jokes --if RajiniCANT nobody CAN. --all in good humor.

Rajinikanth doesn't answer Nature's call. Nature attends Rajinikanth's

Rajinikanth doesn’t wear a watch. He decides what time it is.

Rajnikanth once wrote a cheque, the bank bounced!

When GOD got shocked he exclaimed  Oh my Rajnikanth!!

Rajniknath knows what came first, the egg or the hen!

Rajni chahte hain ke big boss confession room main aye

He is the highest paid actor in Asia due to his amazing on screen charisma , and has worked in over 150 films-yet he is a simple , unassuming, courteous and god fearing man. . 

He does not carry his screen image in real life and he acts his 62 years age--sans ego . People love humble and generous celebrities. He is NOT the kiss and tell type philanthropist.

He is not even conventionally handsome. He has NIL starry airs and displays a remarkable absence of flashiness.  Those who haven't watched a Rajini movie are left perplexed by the frenzied crowds every new film draws.  But there's no denying Rajini Saar's appeal,

Born in an impoverished Maharashtrian family , to a policeman, he struggled to make both ends meet . He secured a low paying job as a bus conductor in Bangalore. 

A born performer , happy go lucky Rajni kept his passengers amused with his daily gibberish and mimics of top film stars . People loved to ride his BTS bus and were happy when he took in their two penny advise, on how to be a better performer.

Fate smiled on him and he got to act on stage as Duryodhana . He was instantly noticed and he was given a break by the Tamil movie director K Balachander as a villain in Apoorva Raagangal.  It takes a Balachander to spot raw talent. 

The veteran director, it seems, confided in his close friend and associate Ananthu, “Watch out! There is a fire in the young man’s eyes. One day he will take Tamil Nadu by storm.”

There was NO lookin' back and he went from strength to strength and soon built up the most dedicated fan following on this planet.. He truly made it large--in the right sense.

People friendly themes like respect for the aged parents,  helping the downtrodden  and the underdog,  hard work , the power of self-help,  flimsiness of materialism,  preponderance of relationships  over money, listening to the voice of conscience , repeatedly featured in his songs and movies . 

He stayed aloof from media attention when the rest of the ego laden stars were hungry for the limelight.  A true ascetic, he even went on pilgrimage to the Himalayas.

Two days ago on 12th Dec 2012,   Rajinikanth’s birthday is not his to celebrate alone. Around the country, his fans organized blood donation camps, pujas at temples, charity events to garner financial aid for the needy and even special lunches at old-age homes. 

In a rare coincidence  this day falls on 12-12-12, a unique day which occurs once in a 100 years.



The Mega star  has produced a medley of hits, unmatched by anyone who have been in the film industry for so long-- 30 years of it.  People cannot have enough of his cigarette toss, his corny walk, his sunshades flip, his chuckle and his giggles on screen-- he can be a good comedian too, unlike MGR.




Once to spite him,  his neighbour ex-actress Jayalalitha’s ( Chief Minister ) minion watchdog police stopped his car in a huge crowd , ( waiting to see her ) till she passed through.   It was to impress upon Rajni , the immense popularity of Jayalalitha .  Rajni was tired after a shooting shift and wanted to get home,  so he got out of the car and started walking towards his home at Poes gardens. The entire cheering crowd followed him, and it turned out to be a case where the spit fell on the own face. There can be no retribution as severe as this.


Yes he has earned love and respect- unlike the others who demanded it , and sulked when they did not get it. 


He is the only actor on the planet who gave back money to the producer/distributors when one of his films did NOT do as well as expected.

He says that his most valuable possession is the appreciation letter from K.Balachander for the film "Mullum Malarum"-- speaks a lot of inherent gratitude and his moral fibre.  

Gratitude is the noblest of all virtues and is the parent of all other human virtues.  Grateful people have memories stored inside their hearts. 

It was indeed a fine poet who wrote " Blow, blow, thou winter wind, and chill my bones- thou art not so unkind as man's ingratitude" . 


Rajnikant,  if you read this post,  you must know that you are destiny’s child.   If you join politics and provide a clean government to uplift poor and downtrodden people,  your name will be engraved on rock for ever.
********************************************************************
AKSHAYA PATRA , THE WORLD'S LARGEST SCHOOL MEAL PROGRAM, MALICIOUS PROPAGANDA BY CHRISTIAN NGOs- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL
AKSHAYA PATRA ,  JOSHUA PROJECT II,   FOREIGN FUNDED CHRISTIAN MISSIONARIES AND NGOs  - CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL






Long ago the founder of ISKON A.C Bhaktivedanta Swami Prabhupada while looking out of a window in Mayapur, a village near Calcutta, saw a pack of street dogs chasing away a group of children foraging for food from a garbage bin, outside a marriage pandal.  

This scene touched his heart and he was determined to do his best to feed poor hungry children .  Akshaya Patra started off as a Non-Governmental Organization in India which free meals to underprivileged children.

Akshaya Patra is a divine pot mentioned in Mahabharata of 4000 BC.  It was a wonderful vessel given to Yudhishthira ( on the day of AKSHAYA TRITIYA ) by the Lord Surya, which held a never-failing supply of food for the Pandavas in exile every day. 




When the Pandavas began their exile in the forest, Yudhishtra was despondent at his inability to feed his 4 brothers, especially Bhima who ate a lot and the holy sages and entourage  who accompanied him.  



At this, Dhaumya, the priest of the Pandavas, counselled him to pray to Lord Surya. Pleased with Yudhishtira's prayers, Lord Surya blessed him with the Akshaya Patra, a vessel that would give unlimited food every day till Draupadi who ate last , finished eating.



In June 2000, ISKON started a proper mid-day meal program in Bangalore called Akshaya Patra by feeding 1500 children in 5 schools.  At that time there was no state run school meal program in Karnataka.  This programme attracted street urchins to study in schools which provided free food. It was noted that these poor children did well in academics and they beat the rich privileged kids in merit.

This prompted the Supreme Court of India to pass an order on November 28, 2001 that “Cooked mid-day meal is to be provided in all the government and government-aided primary schools in all the states.”  



Akshaya Patra was called in to give testimonies to the Supreme Court in order to implement the mandate.  The Akshaya Patra Foundation (TAPF) is a public, charitable, secular Trust, registered in Bangalore. The Board of Trustees comprise missionaries of ISKCON Bangalore, corporate professionals, and entrepreneurs.

More children joined school from desperately poor families just to have one proper square meal a day which their parents could not afford.  More than 14 million underprivileged children in India are out of school and into child labor in order to earn a single meal in a day.  



When the basic needs of a child, such as food and clean water are not met, survival mode takes over and education often becomes the last priority.  The tasty mid day meal is a great incentive for children to do well in school and have proper attendance.

Within 3 years  Akshaya Patra was feeding more than 50000 underprivileged children through the support of various kind donors.  The ISKON temple Hindu missionaries begged for money from people, collected donations as there was no government subsidy . 



The Ministry of Human Resource Development (Department of School Health and Education) soon jumped into the fray with an eye to catch votes and extended its support to this noble cause.

This effort caught world attention and in 2007, Harvard Business School developed a case study for its MBA curriculum on Akshaya Patra's model for precise time management. 



Today the Akshaya Patra Foundation, has become the world’s largest NGO-run midday meal program, and it has a noble vision that no child shall be deprived of education because of hunger. The meal is given free to children of all religions, caste and creed.  

The organization distributes freshly cooked, healthy meals daily to 1.3 million underprivileged children in 9,000 government schools through 20 locations in 10 states across India.



Just because the limelight was on a Hindu temple , the foreign Christian protagonists of Joshua 2 Project decided to throw a spanner into the works. 

They used the services of their Indian NGO missionary agents and their pseudo secular supporters of Sonia Gandhi’s congress party and made false and malicious allegations about diversion of funds from Akshaya Patra to real estate activities.  



A false propaganda was started that poor Indian school children were used by a Hindu temple as a reason for  the purpose of collecting donations, in such manner as to bring discredit to the Indian nation. 

This false propaganda eclipsed the fact that this noble free meal scheme was all about sustaining the fundamental right of every under privileged Indian child to education.  



A well balanced and nutritious meal gives a poor child an incentive to develop their cognitive abilities to focus on learning and becoming the pillars of future India. And not a single donor had complained.

It did not matter that Akshaya Patra, was being audited by globally renowned auditors.  It was a smear campaign the way Joshua 2 “human soul harvest by conversion” project does everything – by deceit.  You tell a lie a thousand times it becomes the truth.



After all giving sops was monopolized by Christians to convert, right?  It is their divine right to do give sops and harvest souls, right? 

It did NOT matter that that the Akshaya Patra meals were never used to convert the way Chief Minister YSR  ( with a Hindu name ) , did in Andhra Pradesh (with “waitress turned empress” Sonia Gandhi’s blessings)  mis-using state funds. 




YSR made school children recite Yesu Nama before Jesus Christs picture , before free food was given. 



Akshaya Patra has about 3330 employees all over the country. ISKCON-Bangalore has nearly 900 employees. All statutory requirements like ESI, PF, health insurance, etc is being complied with for their welfare.


The government of Sonia Gandhi calls itself the Secular Government of India . THE HINDU MAJORITY IS ALWAYS WRONG .   

Her government has made an official provision for the spread of Christianity.  In its 18 types of visa to outsiders, Indian Ministry of External Affairs has created a special category for Christian Missionaries for their unhindered entry in India and undeterred performance of their holy duty of religious conversions .

The secular Indian constitution does NOT allow such largesse to foreign Christian missionaries who come to convert . The Constitution of India terms India as a ‘Sovereign Socialist Secular Democratic Republic’. India’s special Christian Missionary Visa is a safe passage for all the elements whose only target is religious conversion in the garb of  social projects .

India has suffered a lot under Christian missionaries. All this has never been recorded in history by the main stream media and encyclopedias.  Punch into Google search PORTUGUESE INQUISITION IS GOA , FRANCIS XAVIER- VADAKAYIL.

You must also punch into Google search DIABOLICAL MINISTERING ANGEL MOTHER TERESA- VADAKAYIL. Yes, this was a case where India was used as an open sore to attract donations , which were grossly misused by the Vatican poster girl.



Instead of combating foreign Christian Missionaries from disrupting India's religious harmony, the Italian Queen Bee’s Government of India officially issues "Missionary Visas" and thereby promotes injection of poison and driving fissures into Indian society.

The Joshua project is NOT about religion and conversion -- it is about destroying India.  

US President Bush promised in USA Today on September 21, 2000, he would allocate $80 billion over 10 years in tax incentives to help US churches.  provide social services.  USAID ( which has a CIA link ) funds Christian NGOs in India . Its  US trans-national Christian NGOs like World Vision and CARE are more involved in conversions to Christianity than development initiatives in India, which is just  a mere front.  



CIA-supported missionaries are trained in counter-insurgency operations, fanning civil wars and being the  conduits for arms and armaments for newly converted Christian insurgent groups like LTTE , Naxals and NE separatists.  

It is NO great secret that whenever there is a natural disaster like an earthquake,  or a Tsunami , immediately chartered planes land in the nearest airfield , with a full fledged  “body organ harvest team” , with proper storage facilities, all in the guise of Medical NGOs offering FREE service. 



The project is named after Joshua (1450-1370 BC), one of the twelve spies of Israel sent by Moses to explore the land of Canaan. After the death of Moses, he led the Israelite tribes in the conquest of Canaan, and allocated the land to the tribes.  

Joshua Project II was launched to sustain conversions , subterfuge and intelligence-gathering.  The US state department website makes no bones about the fact that American evangelists enter India by employing fraudulent means. . 

Robertson is one of America's most rabid Christian fundamentalists, in an interview said  "Hinduism and many of the occult activities that come out of the Orient are inspired by demons and demon worship. There's this concept that all religions are the same and all are good. That is not true. The worship of the Devil is not good” .  


Con-man Benny Hinn  ( born in Israel ) bulldozed his way into India with Sonia Gandhi's UPA’s blessings .  





He visited Bangalore in 2006 and his “Pray for India” created many controversies and generated great social resentment.  



The Joshua Project 2 missionaries are using their funded environmental groups raise the voice so that Ganesh processions,  Kumbh Melas and Jagannath Rath Yatras are limited.   



Sabarimala routes are now restricted to save “wild life” (sic!).  Mullaperiyar dam issue is raked up every Sabarimala season by the Joshua Project 2 missionary NGOs to make the Tamil and Malayali pilgrims throw stones at each other and fight. 



We all know that the ISKON founder Prabhupada and Osho were poisoned to death by their own white Christian  followers controlled by foreign agencies. 

Below YSR's evangelist son-in-law Brother Anil Kumar- a con-man who can stop the rain !!



India has suffered from wolves who dressed up as sheep from time immemorial. 

In case you want to know what the Sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti did to India – punch into Google search THE FIRST SUPARI AND THE TURNING POINT OF INDIAN HISTORY- VADAKAYIL



If you want to know how most of the major diamonds disappeared from India –Punch into Google search TOTAL INTERNAL REFLECTION- VADAKAYIL.  

The great Orlov diamond was stolen by a white Christian who converted to Hinduism and became a temple priest . His sole aim was to steal the diamond.  Read about the Kohinoor stolen by the British too.



History repeats itself. 



Patriotic Indians , who are Indians first and then Hindus, Christians and Muslims --BEWARE!



I come among the peoples like a shadow.
I sit down by each man's side.
None sees me, but they look on one another,
And know that I am there.
My silence is like the silence of the tide
That buries the playground of children;
Like the deepening of frost in the slow night,
When birds are dead in the morning.
Armies trample, invade, destroy,
With guns roaring from earth and air.
I am more terrible than armies,
I am more feared than the cannon.
Kings and chancellors give commands;
I give no command to any;
But I am listened to more than kings
And more than passionate orators.
I unswear words, and undo deeds.
Naked things know me.
I am first and last to be felt of the living.
I am Hunger


By- Robert Laurence Binyon
********************************************************************
RAPE AND RACISM- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL

GANG RAPE OF A 23 YEAR OLD INDIAN WOMAN IN A DELHI BUS-  CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



For the past two days the Indian TVs' are showing LIVE, 24x7 , demonstrations against the laxity of Indian justice system to rape.

People in New Delhi and the rest of India are demanding death penalty for rape.



As if on cue the West has now branded India as one of the worst places on the planet for rape, and eve teasing .

I have been sailing around this planet for the past 4 decades-- nothing is further than the truth. 

Wikipedia has revised their post on "Rape in India " with this latest  update. " The gang rape of a 23-year-old student on a bus sparked large protests across the capital Delhi.  The incident was so severe that the victim's intestines had to be surgically removed.  She was with a male friend who was severely beaten with an iron rod during the incident.  In the 24-hour period after the hours-long gang rape of the victim, at least two girls under the age of 18 were gang raped, one of them being murdered "

Wikipedia had to say this about a British girl. " In a well-documented incident, Scarlett Keeling, a 15-year-old British girl, was raped and brutally murdered in February 2008 in tourist hotspot Goa. She received over 50 separate injuries. The mother of the murdered teenager stated the police treated her with no respect in order to retain Goa's image as an idyllic tourist destination and not expose its seamy underbelly".

I suggest Wikipedia research more on the subject of young girls acting as drug couriers in Goa.

I had posted about this , and you can read it if you punch into Google search   JEWISH RUSSIAN MAFIA -VADAKAYIL.

So Wikipedia now has determined that India is a VERY BAD PLACE for women.

Here is a Wikipedia gem --

QUOTE: Human rights groups allege that the Indian armed forces under the protection of the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act, 1958 have carried out a large amount of rapes in the Nagaland, Assam and Manipur provinces :UNQUOTE

Here is yet another Wikipedia gem.

QUOTE There have been allegations of rape and mass rape in Jammu and Kashmir being carried out by Indian armed forces UNQUOTE

This is what they concluded  --

QUOTE -- A poll produced by Thomson Reuters foundation revealed that India is the world’s fourth most dangerous place for women and worse than Somalia.  India fared only slightly better than Afghanistan and Congo --UNQUOTE.

What else can you expect from a Zionist mouth piece.

So, Japan will be the safest for girls in that bullshit list , right ? . 

Do you want to know what happens to 70% of the Japanese school girls?  

Punch into Google search CHIKAN GROPING VIDEO FREE and then click on the video section. ( Children below 18 and women are NOT allowed to see these videos ).

What happens to young girls in USA , Europe etc I do know. For I have been sailing around this planet for 4 decades , with my eyes open.

Hey, wanna know what naked truths our dear Wikipedia does NOT report ?

Punch into Google search  GENERAL EISENHOWER'S SECRET HOLOCAUST OF GERMAN POWS -- VADAKAYIL.

Now that the subject is rape let me add to the above post. 

This is a buried part of history.

According to Time magazine of September 17, 1945, the US government provided their soldiers with an estimated 50 million condoms per month, and graphically instructed them as to their use. 

One of the US soldiers wrote home  “ For all practical purposes, our soldiers were being told: , Teach these Germans a lesson — and have a wonderful time!--  Such were the great crusaders who brought “democracy” to Europe.”

All of these 50 million condoms per month were consumed-- by doing what?  

Using them as beach volleyballs?

PRAY?

PRITHEE??

We do know that there were no whore houses in Germany at the end of the war.

Two million German women were raped after the 2nd world war by Eisenhowers Allied soldiers. 

The fall guys were of course the Red Star army of the Russians ( with their Jewish Commisars ? )  and the Black African soldiers. 



This is the meaning of racism while reporting rape.

It is now on clear and truthful record that , of all the major belligerents in World War II, the German troops had by far the smallest record of rape and looting. 

The German army’s incidence of rape in all of Germany’s occupied territories was even lower than that of American troops stationed on American soil! The German soldiers had a code of conduct.

Contrary to the general believe, the German troops showed right to the end of the Second World War a model discipline towards prisoners and civil population alike in the occupied lands.  High ranking German soldiers tolerated no encroachments by their subordinates towards the local women of the occupied lands. 



In the appeal of the German commanders to their troops it was made very clear, that violations towards women would be severely punished . If nevertheless something occurred, that can happen in a million strong German army, the military justice would be swift in punishment to keep up the discipline and moral of the troops.



The only lucky exceptions to terrible Allied army rape, were the German girls who managed to remain in hiding in the woods or who had the presence of mind to feign illness - typhoid, dyptheria or some other infectious disease … Husbands and fathers who attempted to protect their women folk were shot down, and girls offering extreme resistance were murdered.”.



Before the German unification my ship used to touch East German and West German ports regularly. My ship was a Rostock and then at Hamburg when the Berlin wall came down. I had many friends on both sides who wanted to talk, about how much they suffered.  I even made it a point to visit the dreaded Stasi HQ at Rostock.


John Dos Passos, writing in LIFE magazine for January 7, 1946, quotes a "red-faced US major" as saying that "Lust, liquor and loot are the soldier's pay." 

A serviceman wrote to TIME magazine for November 12, 1945 "Many a sane American family would recoil in horror if they knew how 'Our Boys' conduct themselves, with such complete callousness in human relationships over here." 

A US army sergeant wrote "Our own Army and the British Army ...have done their share of looting and raping... This offensive attitude among our troops is not at all general, but the percentage is large enough to have given our Army a pretty black name, and we too are considered an army of rapists."

Wanna know the conviction rate --  after hundreds of millions of condoms were consumed by the Allied army ?

Hold your breath--ladies and gentlemen-- this is Kangaroo court justice for you.

Of 29 soldiers executed for rape by the US military authorities, 25 were black. 

--though African-Americans were very few in the army and were a miniscule percentage of the list of the accused.

Wanna know more about "Victor's Justice" and "Kangaroo Courts?"

Punch into Google search RUDOLF HESS , A HONOURABLE MAN - VADAKAYIL

In India the rape percentage is less than 0.001% while in Norway it is greater than 10% ( as per Wiki ) -- or ten thousand times more .   

In USA more than 27% of college age women report having experienced a rape or rape attempt since age 14.  

In UK 35% of the girls have experienced sexual violence.

And to the monopolized world media let me remind them this " I AM SURE YOU KNOW THE EXTENT OF DEMAND FOR "THE BIG BLACK THING " AMONG HIGH SOCIETY WHITE WOMEN,  WHERE THEIR PERMISSIVE AND LESS ENDOWED HUSBANDS ACT AS PATHETIC CUCKOLDS"  

THERE IS NO WAY WE INDIANS WILL ALLOW OUR GOVERNMENT TO LEGALIZE SEX MASSAGE PARLOURS FOR WESTERN TOURISTS , IN OUR 5 STAR HOTELS .  




WE WILL NOT ALLOW INDIA TO BECOME A THAILAND.  

SO EASY WITH THE  RAPE PAINT BRUSH ON INDIA -- 

LEAVE INDIA ALONE !!  



Here are some excerpts of the gross and false propaganda against India by the monopolized world media—and this includes foreign funded Indian media. Thanks to our hi-fi but pea brained Miranda House , Lady Sri Ram College prototypes -- almost every newspaper around the planet, has painted India as HELL FOR WOMEN.  All in a nation where women are respected.

For Indian women, obscene comments and unwanted sexual advances are routine. Some say they have structured their entire lives around protecting themselves—Daily News

Although India may be the world's largest democracy, it is also one of the most dangerous countries for women.—Examiner

Hideous violence against women is nothing new in India—Time World

"The only effective deterrent is if women are armed and prepared to use the firearm in self-defence," said Abhijeet Singh, of Indians for Guns.—The Guardian

U.N. Woman, an agency of the world body, has called on the Indian government “to do everything in their power to take up radical reforms, ensure justice and reach out with robust public services to make women’s lives more safe and secure.”—Los Angeles Times

New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India- CNN




Above picture-- Wolves and the sheep demonstrating together?


WTE ( waitress turned empress ) could have come on National TV and given an assurance to the Indian people, who are pissed off.   

But alas UN-accountable Italian Queen bee spins her wheels , and burns spectacular rubber only , when it comes to begging for votes or when AKD ( akkal ka dushman -- for my foreign readers it means " enemy of the brain " --her son Rahul Gandhi ) is to be shoved on the chair of Prime Minister.


A lot depends on what a society’s values are. 

In India a girl is expected to be a virgin on her wedding night. 

With rapid Westernization , and effects of “Bold and the beautiful “ type TV programs , Christian girls of big Indian cities are no longer expected to be virgins and the young girls have to find their own husbands,  as there is NO “arranged marriage” ( by parents ) security.

So on a date the Pickle John has to taste the Chutney Mary’s fruit , even if she is not willing—or she can forget about the next date and word will fly in their closed society that she is a bit frigid or even a lesbian –to spite her..

“Love marriage” is a huge fallacy, it is just “an arrangement of convenience”.  If you are in Timbuktu you “fall in love” with a girl from Timbuktu to set up home.

Let me end with a joke.

A man in the West, comes home one hour before usual from office, as he is not well  . He peeps into the bed room hearing OOOH and AAAHS , and he sees his 40 year old wife having wild sex with the neighbor’s 15 year old son on his own bed. 

So he convinces himself  “ well it is a permissive society-- blah blah ” and he fetches his beer and puts on the TV and starts watching a baseball match.

The next day out of curiosity he comes home two hours earlier. He sees his petite 14 year old daughter having sex with the huge black gardener on the lawn.  So he says to himself “ well it is a permissive --- “ and so he fetches ze beer and does ditto.

The next day he arrives at the usual time. 

He sees his 16 year old son watching a football match on TV with his buddy. Both are eating pizza and his son’s friend was wiping his greasy hand on the sofa cover , on the quiet.

He blew his top and worked himself into a terrible rage  “How dare you — manners sonny boy —manners – bad upbringing blah blah blah !!”.

Well ladies and gentlemen,  reactions depends on what your family and society values are.


Racism and sexism do not have to be passed from generation to generation.  Our LOUD voices today can make India safer for us all.

Rape and racism are grounded in language with a common purpose to degrade and dehumanize. Rape and racism are forms of domination.  Rape, through coercion, violation, and violence, forces women to feel intimidated, frightened, and helpless.  

Racism narrows people and limits their freedom.  It makes a black man avoid browsing in a white store for fear of  being seen as a thief. 

From the time of slavery to the present day, white people have used dehumanizing words like Paki, Nigger, to put down black people and undercut their value as human beings.  

Men, similarly, employ language  honey, bitch , baby etc which sends the same demeaning messages to women. 

Our attitudes about race and rape are built upon myth and misinformation. Destructive and inaccurate  racial and cultural stereotypes are all too common . Indian women are passive, black men are lechs and rapists.  

Similarly, so are myths about sexual violence and its survivors . If her navel was not visible through her sari , or her sleeveless arm pits were shaved she would not have been raped.

Every time we hear a racist joke and say nothing, every time we listen to someone blame a victim of rape and do  nothing, and every time we pretend that racism and rape are not our problems, we support the continuation of oppression.. 

THE FIRST THING TO DO IS FOR NORTH INDIAN SOCIETY TO ABOLISH COMMON ACCEPTED WORDS LIKE BAHEN-CH#D ,  MATHAR-CH#D , ETC FROM THEIR DAILY VOCABULARY.  

SUCH VULGAR WORLDS DO NOT EXIST IN MALAYALAM. 



THE INDIAN GOVERNMENT MUST ISSUE IMMEDIATE ORDERS TO ALL GOVT AND PRIVATE WORKPLACES TO HAVE A "SEXUAL HARASSMENT POLICY " - WITH A GUIDELINE ON HOW TO DEAL WITH REPEATED OFFENDERS.   NAME AND SHAME MUST BE ONE OF THEM

 And finally how many of your heard of HONEY POTS?






MORE POWER TO HONEY POTS?

Very soon the oldest profession in the world , will be the most protected , safest and "nuisance potential oriented" trade in India?  

A perverted whore can get a innocent man hung based on her side of a ( cooked up ) story ?


AND WHO IS THE MOST SEARCHED INDIAN PERSON ON INTERNET IN 2012,  AND FETED BY ALL FOREIGN FUNDED TV,  AS THE INDIAN WOMAN ICON -- 

YES--  

HARD CORE PORN STAR , SUNNY LEONE, WITH PLASTIC EVERYWHERE !!   




WE INDIANS DESERVE SUCH ICONS !!!

IN BIG BOSS 5 THIS PORN STAR ACCUSED A CO-CONTESTANT OF BEING FRESH WITH HER,  JUST BECAUSE HE LIFTED HER DURING A DANCE TASK.

NOW LET ME GET TO THE HI FI NORTH INDIAN GIRL'S YOUTH ICON -- HONEY SINGH--WHOSE VULGAR AND MOST OBSCENE RAP SONGS THEY PLAY IN THEIR CELL PHONES , WHEN THEY WANT TO ENTICE A HANDSOME HUNK ON THE STREETS.

Wikipedia says this creep Honey Singh is India's best paid singer !!!

Boys below 18 and women are NOT allowed to play "the creep" Honey Singh's video below -- the craze of North Indian college girls.











Check out "the creep" Honey Singh's popularity with Hi Fi North Indian girls--including our dancing Delhi CM Sheila Dixit ( above video )-- before it is deleted by our Indian Government..

We have the "foreign funded"  media and TV encouraging women ( Example : Shambhavi Saxena episode ) to give false names and addresses to the police in the police station, when arrested.  Who is the kingpin behind such call to anarchy?

All ye Indian women, please raise your sons the right way . 

I have two sons myself and I know how well my wife raised them and instilled human values in them.  

Whose failing is all this? 

Everybody wants change of MINDSETS-- like the flick of a switch.  

I head this word more than a thousand times on TV.  Thank God they have not added the word QUANTUM to it.

And we have some foreign funded NGOs making placards for the protestors.  

ASHAMED TO BE INDIAN,  I HATE INDIA etc.  

Way to go!!  

Will such placards be allowed anywhere else on this planet?  Hey, pack your bags and go to USA, Australia, Portugal,  Pakistan or Saudi Arabia -- we wont miss you. 

It gets amusing to see the likes of Shabana Azmi waiting like a spider, to steal the limelight.




And Pooja Bedi ( whose mother Protima streaked nude through the crowded Jehangir art gallery, Mumbai ) -- the divorced starlet whose sexual exploits with several married men ( like Aditya Pancholi ) and unmarried men we all know about,  is the hot commentator on women's rights  on every foreign funded TV.




WHEN BRITAIN LEFT INDIA IN 1947,  WE HAD 5.6 LAKH  ( 560, 000 ) ANGLO INDIANS -- THERE WAS NOT A SINGLE CASE OF RAPE IN A COURT OF LAW.  

ARE WE STUPID ? 


ALL YE MEN, THE "SWEET PURSUIT OF LOVE" NEEDS JUST ONE SECOND TO TURN INTO "DIABOLICAL STALKING" .   SALMAN KHAN FOUND IT OUT THE HARD WAY.  SUCH IS THE WARPED MIND OF A WOMAN SCORNED.





All the Western people who have NOT understood India -- listen up -- 

Our Indian girls are virgins when they marry-- unlike your girls. 

A married Indian woman will NOT open her legs out for anybody,  other than her husband-- unlike your women. 

There lies the difference .  

UNDERSTOOD?  

Or do you have the perception to understand this?

Think hard --you will get it soon enough.

Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
MADAME HELENA PETROVNA BLAVATSKY, A CON WOMAN WHO CHANGED THE COURSE OF WORLD HISTORY- CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL.

MADAME BLAVATSKY , FOUNDER OF THE THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY,   PLAIGIATRIST , CHARLATAN,  ROTHSCHILD AGENT WHO TRANSFORMED GERMANS TO NAZIS TO CARVE OUT THE STATE OF ISRAEL , THE THIEF WHO STOLE INDIA’S SWASTIKA AND ANCIENT SCIENTIFIC BOOKS  – CAPT AJIT VADAKAYIL



In 1888 when Gandhi was doing his second year of studies at England, he was handpicked by Rothschild to have a tete e tete with Madama Blavatsky and her disciple Annie Besant.  

Annie Besant and Allan Octavian Hume were members of the Theosophical Society of Adyar Madras ( now Chennai ) and also members of the Indian National Congress .  Both Hume and Annie Besant were double agents of Rothschild , who pretended to be India lovers and freedom fighters. A grateful Rothschild would allow Annie Besant to start her own "female" Freemason lodges. See her picture in Freemason regalia. These are the people,  naive Indians trusted.



Gandhi was introduced to the Bhagawat Gita by Blavatsky , to catch his interest and then brainwashed with the idea of Ahimsa (non-violence).  Gandhi was taken aback when he realised that that this Russian Jewess Madame Blavatsky knew more about Indian spirituality than he could ever imagine. 

He was also introduced to the concept of MAHATMA.  He would be one very soon — affixed like the title of a knight SIR to his name .

It must be noted that Blavatsky was in touch with Leo Tolstoy. It was NOT by chance that Gandhi was called to South Africa to take up a court case, and later stayed in Tolstoy farm . This was made to happen by Rothschild and in South Africa Gandhi was groomed to be an agent of Rothchild and converted to be a Mahatma before he was called to India as a messiah to sit in the driver’s seat of India’s freedom struggle.

You may find this a bit strange. So I suggest you punch into Google search-

MAHATMA GANDHI, RE-WRITING INDIAN HISTORY- VADAKAYIL
and
THE DIABOLICAL BRAIN WASHING PROCESS OF GANDHI- VADAKAYIL

Before the first world war, the Indian Freedom movement under Rash Behari Bose and Bagha Jatin would be sunk thanks to the Irish section of Annie Besant who leaked the secrets to Rothschild.

A Czechoslovakian TRIPLE agent Emanuel Viktor Voska under the payroll of Rothschild got the secrets from the Irish and upset the Indian quest for independence apple cart. Woodrow Wilson revealed the Bagha Jatin conspiracy to Rothschild , who was running the British Raj in India.. Voska conveyed the information about the looming Indian conspiracy via Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk to Rothschild .  A grateful Rothschild crowned Masaryk as the First President of Czechoslovakia in 1918.  Tomas Garrigue Masaryk, was "allowed"  by Rothschild to lead Czechoslovakia to independence from the Austrian empire in 1918, and become a natural hero. Today Tel Aviv has a Masayrk square.  Rothschild controls 80% of Israel today.

In 1912, Charles Crane ( the US agent of Rothschild ) financed the election campaign of Thomas Woodrow Wilson (1856 - 1924), who in 1913, became the American President.  Crane became his counselor in the White House, to keep a hawk's eye on him. Charles Richard Crane (1858–1939) was a crypto Jew who always pretended to be anti-semitic in the media. In 1913 Woodrow Wilson was installed by Rothschild in the US President’s chair , on the express condition that he must sign the US Federal Reserve act into law. At the time the act was frustrated in Congress from passing.  The cunning Jews moved, days before the Christmas of 1913 when the majority of the Congress men were enjoying at home with their families --the Federal Reserve act was voted in. And Wilson true to his promise to Rothschild, made it law.

Madame Helena Blavatsky became the first internationally famous professional psychic and she was also a brilliant occult con artist who drew such figures as G. B. Shaw and William Butler Yeats into her bizarre web.  She was the first flower child , who journeyed to India for a bizarre purpose , almost 100 years before the hippie hegira of the 1960s

HPB’s ( Helena Petrovna Blavatsky ) maternal lineage goes back through Prince Michael of Chernigov to Rurik, founder of the Russian state at Novgorod. H.P. Blavatsky’s great grandfather,  Prince Pavel Vasilyievich Dolgorukov (1755–1837) was a Major General during the reign of Ekaterina the Great.  Going further back her family is traceable back to German  Carolingian dynasty. 

Helena knew fluent German at a young age, though she was born in Ukraine as Helena von Hahn. For some time her family was in the Khazar area ( Georgia ) where all current Israeli Jews are from . You can hardly believe a word of what she tells about herself  and her past  -such was her capability for deception.

On June 7, 1849 young 17 year old Helena Petrovna got married to the 41 year old vice-governor of Erevan, Nikifor Vladimirovich Blavatsk.. Soon after the wedding , even before the honeymoon she escaped . She would die a virgin though she married twice. On April 3, 1875, in New York, Blavatsky formally married Michael Betanelly, a Georgian Jew living in America. The marriage dissolved after a few months as soon as she became an American citizen.  



Blavatsky helped found the Theosophical Society in New York City in 1875 along with Henry Steel Olcott , with the motto, "There is no Religion higher than Truth" .  In February 1879, Blavatsky and Olcott and arrived in India . 

In 1882, Rothschild gave them a headquarters of the Theosophical Society in Adyar, in the southern suburbs of Madras, which still exists today. Known as the "Huddleston Gardens," the Theosophical Society campus lies on the south bank of the Adyar River and covers more than 265 acres of prime land.  




The garden has exotic plants, birds , animals , and insects. Trees include the rare mahogany and other trees imported and planted from across the globe. The garden also has a 500 -year-old banyan tree, whose aerial roots cover some 65,000 sq m.




From 1879 to 1888 Blavatsky edited the magazine The Theosophist.  In 9 years flat Madame Blavatsky would bamboozle this planet with occult and spirituality , and lay the foundation for Nazi Aryan Pride ,  from which the Jewish state of Israel would be born.

Madame Blavatsky is the only woman who asserted, dominated, and started the first religion ever by any woman... Theosophy.  She competed with Buddha, Mahavira, Zarathustra, Jesus, Mohammed, Guru Nanak and even Joseph Smith ( the creator of Rothschild funded religion Mormonism )—  all men whom humans worship .

Madame Blavatsky was the first person to bring Eastern Indian spirituality to the Western world.  Words and concepts such as karma, reincarnation, consciousness, kundalini, meditation, yoga, aura, OM, mantras, tantra, chakras, prana, akasha etc are now familiar, if only in a small way,  to almost everyone in the West.  

This popular awareness can be traced directly back to Blavatsky’s work,  which first introduced such ideas to Western thought by way of several books she authored . 

None of her books had a single original idea.  Everything was blatantly lifted or plagiarized from ancient Hindu texts . Things she could NOT understand with her limited perception and grey matter, made very funny reading.  

Yet, she had an incredible and far reaching effect and her admirers and critics alike , and she changed the face of world spirituality forever.


Initially the Theosophical Society had an alliance with an organization run by a Hindu Swami Sarasvati. One fine day the Swami denounced Madame Blavatsky and her Yank sidekick Ollcott as charlatans and broke off the partnership.

So, what are these her teachings?  Blavatsky's Theosophy deals with such hokum as the "seven root races".  The god like giant Aryan race lived on Atlantis and lost their god-like status by intermarrying with the "semi-human" Jews.  The intermarrying with Jews caused the Aryans to devolve, according to Blavatsky. 

To keep the double agent game going Blavatsky called Judaism a "religion of hate and malice toward everyone and everything outside itself." , while the Aryans were the most advanced people spiritually.  Her Theosphy is nothing but poorly understood Hindu spirituality from ancient texts and recycled occult which made gobbledy gook  with a strong flavor of anti-Semitism and anti-Christianism  thrown in for good measure.

German occultists and racists embraced Blavatsky's idea of being descended from superior Aryan god-men .  Blatvatsky's favorite occult symbol was the Hindu symbol of swastika, which she claimed was the symbol of the invading Aryan race and the most powerful of all occult symbols. 

Actually the Swastika is the symbol of the Saraswati civilization Indian Aryans who migrated outwards from India in 4000 BC after the Saraswati river dried up in a tectonic shift . The mouth of the river in the Himalayas got blocked causing the river to become non –perrenial.  

This Swastika symbol was adopted by the Nazis.  Heinrich Himmler was a devout believer in Blavatsky's teachings, and even went on an expedition to Asia ( clutching at straws ) as Germany was losing WWII to try and find the German connection to the Aryan race.



Above : Hindu God Lord Ganesha ( Lord Shiva's son ) has the Swastika symbol on his palm.

Punch into Google search THE SWASTIKA SYMBOL – VADAKAYIL to know more about Swastika symbol.



The main purposes of the Theosophical Society was “ to form a nucleus of the universal brotherhood of humanity, without distinction of race, creed, sex, caste or color --to encourage the study of comparative religion, philosophy, and science, to investigate the unexplained laws of nature and the powers latent in man".

Madama Blavatsky used this front to access hidden Hindu libraries of ancient scientific texts,  which she passed on to the Germans. It is a known fact that the Germans made Vimanas ( flying saucers ) using some information given by Blavatsky.

Punch into Google search SHIVKUR BAPUJI TALPADE, NOBEL PRIZE AND RACISM- VADAKAYIL


It was only in 1897 that J. J. Thomson discovered the electron , suggesting that the atom was not an "indivisible" particle, as John Dalton had suggested, but a jigsaw puzzle made of smaller pieces.

Nine years before, in 1888, Blavatsky had written: QUOTE: The atom is elastic, ergo, the atom is divisible, and must consist of particles, or of sub-atoms. And these sub-atoms?  They are either non-elastic, and in such case they represent no dynamic importance, or, they are elastic also; and in that case, they, too, are subject to divisibility. And thus ad infinitum. But infinite divisibility of atoms resolves matter into simple centers of force, i.e., precludes the possibility of conceiving matter as an objective substance.UNQUOTE
—Helena Blavatsky, The Secret Doctrine Volume I, p. 519 


Above para among thousands of others , is lifted from the ancient 7000 year old Hindu Vedas—just a small example of her plagiarism  as she had no formal education.



Madame Blavatsky went to town telling about the macrocosm and microcosm ( ancient Indian Upanishads 5000 BC ) and impressed the hell out of everybody. 


She writes like a modern Lynne Mc Taggart , ( whose books contain all lifted Vedic ideas ),  QUOTE Briefly, the law of correspondences states that the microcosm is the miniature copy of the macrocosm and therefore what is found “below” can be found, often through analogy, “above”. UNQUOTE-- 

--and people cried  WOW!

Charles Darwin's theory caused quite a stir when it was released.  Many people lost their faith in any religion. Crime increased. The rich became the new gods, and this is what the Freemasons wanted.  A few people went so far as to commit suicide, having lost their mental anchors and thus hope.  Madame Blavatsky would cash in on Darwin's theory by trying to bridge the gap between religion and evolution with the occult.  

To find out what a propped up rogue Darwin was, punch into google search CHARLES DARWIN AND HIS APPLE- VADAKAYIL




She was anti-science. Attendees to Madame Blavatsky’s séances and soirees were treated to the sight of a taxidermied baboon lurking at the entryway clutching a copy of Darwin’s Origin of the Species.



Her seances where she contacted past masters by telepathy ( all bull ) , made a messiah out of her.  She was successful in what she did for she baffled and fooled an intelligent German race into thinking that they are the Aryans. 




She buildup her Theosophist Society,  as an universal fraternity devoted to unleashing the latent potential of the human race which is still active today, despite DNA being downgraded from 12 strand to 2 strand 97% junk.  Spiritual authority came to Madame via dead holy men, "The Mahatmas," ( past Masters) via whom she channeled massive hotch potch texts which she published as Isis Unveiled and The Secret Doctrine, among others. When she could NOT dazzle with brilliance she baffled with bullshit—  and people cried WOW!

We must remember that Gandhi was propped up as a Mahatma as soon as he arrived from South Africa, to recruit Indian soldiers for the first World War .  111000 Indian soldiers would die for England in the First World War , used as cannon fodder in the most dangerous sectors of war.  These death were recorded as English deaths, with of course no memorials.  243000 Indian soldiers died in the Second World War--thanks to Gandhi and Rothschild.  



Theosophy is the name Blavatsky gave to the spontaneous knowledge that she sucked in by telepathy ( sic!)  from the Mahatma masters to the world.  It comes from the term "Theosophia" used by the Neoplatonists to mean literally "knowledge of the divine".



1848 — Karl Marx , a blood relative of Rothschild , creates Communism, the perfect Anti-Thesis to Capitalism’s Thesis System.

1917 — Communism created by Rothschild becomes the system of Government in Russia, creating in reality the Anti-Thesis to the Western Thesis, lead by America.  Marx, Stalin, Lenin, Trotsky are all Jews.  The Czars enormous wealth and the common communist Russian’s "spread out wealth" are all vacuumed up by Big Brother.

1917-45 — Western powers build up Russia to Super Power status.  State of Israel is carved out after the Second World war.  Theosophy and the power of Swastika was the gospel for Nazism.

1945-89 — USSR poses potential cold war conflict with USA, especially the frightening scenario of nuclear war.  Actual conflict is always avoided.  Jews Gorbachev and Yeltsin destroy Communism in Russia and Europe by Perestroika and Glasnost.

1975 — Guiding Spirits tell Theosophical Society it is now time to go public, changing the name to the New Age Movement. UNLESS THIS PLAN GOES PHUTT !!

1990 — President George Bush announcing New World Order in August, after Iraq’s invasion of Kuwait.

1990 — Communism changing clothes to become New Age and to begin its planned dissolution.

SOON — Merger of East/West, i.e., USSR/ USA into One World Government ( run by Big Brother ) via the United Nations.

Helena Blavatsky was introduced in London to an Indian Rajput clan mystic Mahatma Morya or M on her twentieth birthday party, as early as 1851.  And she suddenly claimed that this was the man of her childhood psychic visions.

Before Madame Blavatsky came to India she used to do simple magic tricks, passing off as occult,  in USA and Egypt.  Blavatsky took on several odd jobs, including a trick rider in a circus, a piano teacher, and manager of an artificial flower factory. She had also been the assistant to medium Daniel Home, from whom she learnt the tricks of deceit and the trade of the occult.  

She also became the traveling companion of a wealthy heiress who had a library of hundreds of ancient Indian books that she always took with her. This is no doubt where Blavatsky got much of her material to plagiarize from.

In India she became more spiritual enrolled the services of  Damodar K Mavalankar to be her side kick for her seance shrine room magic tricks to bamboozle all.

In 1879 Damodar met Henry Steel Olcott and H. P. Blavatsky in Bombay, after they had just established the Theosophical Society's temporary Indian headquarters there.  Damodar joined the Society and his Maharastrian Brahmin family ex-communicated him . He promptly went to Sri Lanka and became a Buddhist along with Henry Steel Olcott and H. P. Blavatsky. 

His family cut him off from the will as he could NOT marry the Brahmin girl who was betrothed to him in his childhood. In response to this, Damodar gave up an income of 50,000 Indian rupees ( a large amount those days ) to provide for the future of his wife,  and continued to live and work with Blavastky. He continued his work in this way until 1885, when Blavatsky left India and then he went to Tibet.



Blavatsky used Damodar and a certain Mr and Mrs Coloumb to prop her up as a super magician nay Messiah with divine powers.  Finally in 1885 it was Mr Alexis. and Mrs. Emma Coulomb who ratted on her, revealing all the trap-door tricks of her side-show Mahatmas and her “apparitions.”-- forcing her to flee from India for ever on March 31st 1885.  They admitted that they were side kicks like Damodar.

Osho himself said  QUOTE  While she was traveling by train she would be in first class and Damodar would be in third class. Suddenly Damodar would fall flat on the floor of the compartment, unconscious, foaming. Naturally, the train was stopped, people gathered and then Madame Blavatsky would come and do some abracadabra. Damodar would immediately open his eyes and everybody would see –“what a tremendously spiritual powerful woman”... And nobody knew that he was her side kick  and that was his only job. UNQUOTE

Richard Hodgson, a member of  the Society for Psychical Research (London)  arrived in India to inquire into and report on the Coulombs’ allegations. Based upon Hodgson’s findings, the S.P.R. committee in its final report of December, 1885, branded Madame Blavatsky "one of the most accomplished, ingenious and interesting impostors in history.

Blavatsky had ordered Mr. Alexis Coulomb to cut a secret hole in the ceiling for receipt of Mahatma Letters. The shrine in the occult Room was fitted with a secret back door. In fact, the whole occult Room was rigged with all manners of tricks which Emma knew, being part of it.  

There was a hidden hole in back of the shrine from whence all manner of spirit manifestations could be manipulated.  The ex-confederate couple , the Coulombs hijacked by the Catholic church, also revealed Blavatsky had secret passages and hidden doors built into her house which aided her in deceiving people about her "psychic abilities".    

Blavatsky dubbed herself a 'Priestess of Isis', and combined Spiritualism, Cabala, Western occultism, Hinduism and Buddhism along with a dash of Darwinian evolution, to make the whole thing sound 'scientific'—and the world cried WOW!.  


A German occultist revival began in 1884 with the foundation of the German section of the Theosophical Society under the presidency of Dr. Wilhelm Hübbe-Schleiden.


Toward the last days of her life Blavatsky wrote a confession to one of her detractors, a Russian writer named Solyvov, and admitted she had lied about many things, including the existence of the Mahatmas,  her faked communications with spirits and her psychic powers . The letter was written in an  most dramatic manner possible, making herself sound like a persecuted martyr ( for Big Brother ) rather than a fraud.

Though Blavatsky was proven a fraud in her lifetime and even finally admitted it, her Theosophical Society continues on. There are chapters in several countries even today, including the U.S and her HQ at Adyar in India . 

Her followers will even say things like "Sure, Blavatsky had a streak of charlatanism in her,  but you have to look past that and read her teachings for what they really are."   She was good in sifting through Indian wisdom and weaving it together in a shoddy manner—even then it was good enough for the West.  

Probably it struck a chord for she was the first to introduce the Hindu concept of reincarnation into Western spiritualism—and she ran down Jesus Christ and Christianity with all their Inquisitions.  



She produced two amazing society members , both Indians.  The first was Jiddu Krishnamurthy who WOWED the west with his amazing and astounding intellect and the other was UG Krishnamurthy.


A Spiritual  order was formed by Theosphists called The Order of The Star in The East to introduce Jiddu Krishnamurty as the new 'World Teacher', for which he was more than qualified.  

But in 1929 Jiddu Krishnamurti dissolved the order during an address he gave before the group in 1929, which shocked and angered them.  

Theosophist leaders had unwittingly set themselves up for such a thing to happen, having told their gullible followers over the years that the 'World Teacher' might someday say things that were completely unexpected and contrary to their preconceived notions, and it would be unwise and even 'dangerous' not to do as he instructed!  

Ironically, Krishnamurti is now known as the 'un-guru', because he told seekers that they should forgo all religions and all gurus (including Theosophy) and try to find answers themselves.


An 1892 periodical, Lotus Blossoms, featured Blavatsky's writings and "was the first German publication to sport the theosophical swastika upon its cover". Many German occultists who read Blavatsky's works loved the idea about being racially superior to the rest of humanity, and wrote books of their own promoting the idea as early as the 19th Century.  

In 1902 Dr. Rudolph Steiner became Secretary-General of the German section of the Theosophical Society. In 1912, he and a group of his followers broke away from the Theosophical Society and founded the Anthroposophical Society.  German Rudolf Steiner left, in protest, as he could NOT swallow the idea of Annie Besant promoting brown skinned Jiddu Krishnamurthy being the new messiah.   

Building on Theosophy's doctrine of root races, Steiner further built on the myth of Aryan supremacy, saying Aryans were more "spiritually advanced" than the other races and that their time had arrived. The similarities with many of Steiner's bizarre doctrines and Nazi ideas are unmistakable. Nazi occultists believed ancient German tribes were the true keepers of the Ancient Mysteries which had their origin in Atlantis, when seven races of God-men were introduced to Earth



This "S.P.R.-Hodgson" Report did her in--yet she continued as a writer, filling up her books with plagiarized Indian Vedic stuff. .  She wrote two occult best sellers, Isis Unveiled (1887)  and  The Secret Doctrine (1888), which are still in print.

During 1889 Blavatsky finished two more books before her death .-- The Key to Theosophy an introduction to theosophical thought and philosophy, and The Voice of the Silence, a mystical and poetic work on the path of enlightenment.





In July, 1890, Madame Blavatsky established the European Headquarters of the Theosophical Society at 19 Avenue Road, St. John’s Wood, London. From this address H.P. Blavatsky died on May 8, 1891, during a severe epidemic of flu in England, and her remains were cremated at Woking Crematorium, Surrey. Part of her ashes were scattered in India.

The Theosophical Society is open today to anybody who supports its three objectives, regardless of belief, social custom or marriage status.  Celibacy is neither encouraged nor discouraged, each member being free to decide his own way of life. General philosophical outlook , universal brotherhood, belief in theory of Karma and reincarnation . Nothing is mandatory. Members are free to have any or no spiritual practice at all.

Blavatsky made Vatican her No 1 enemy when she wrote  “The Christians and scientists must be made to respect their Indian betters. The wisdom of India, her philosophy and achievement, must be made known in Europe and America.” 


Grace and peace!
********************************************************************
